ill a

M*

VTbun&uf- $aoiul SEE PAGE 258

MAY, 19 3 9 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

THATS WHY IF WE WATCH ME HOLD

HAD YOUR SHELLUBON TO MY RICATION RECEIPTS SHELLUBRICATION file parts of "blue print"the and lubricated—Your OFFER. RECEIPTS WE COULD style Shellubrication Rewhen. warn you when TheyYOU MONEY MORE FROM NOW ON i

ceipts will be documentary each kind of lubrication is proof that your car has redue. Help you keep track of

ceived the finest kind of upthe condition of your batkeep care. tery, of your tire mileage.

And is therefore worth Provide you a permanent more money than cars that record of upkeep costs.

have been neglected. So be sure you save these

receipts. And when you buy Shellubrication Receipts

your next automobile, show are helpful to you in countthem all to the car dealer. less ways. They chart for you

If, at that time, your car has had regular Shellubrication, you've a right to ask for something better than just '- an ordinary "tradein deal."

'kecetrr"*'?

ALL THESE EXTRAS WITHOUT EXTRA CHARGE

A durable, compact Your (ires andrunning boards rubberdressed holder to safeguard... upholstery vacuumed or brushed out..

Shellubrication your Fits readily windows polished... chromium shined... Receipts.

into the dashboard body wiped off.., body squeaks eliminated

'compartment Free at urKeef SgRV lights and battery checked.,. and many Shelluyour nearest

brication dealer rH r**e*N other services—all without extra charge

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

WbmuwuuniA. Jo

Ztivinq.. JJul

There are beautiful and appropriate monuments to the honored dead...

and there are monuments to the living!

Your home is such a symbol. It is the

mirror of your personality and the shrine of your family.... Fix it up so

that it, too, will be fitting and lasting. Renovize through our monthly payment plan.

NO MORTGAGE NOTHING DOWN

MONTHLY PAYMENTS AS LOW AS $5.00

Sugar House Lumber & Hardware Company 1164 East 21st South Street Hyland 555 M. O. ASHTON, President HORACE B. RICHARDS, Manager

REPORT OF CONDITION OF

UTAH STATE NATIONAL BANK SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

AS OF MARCH 29, 1939

RESOURCES LIABILITIES

Cash and Due From Banks...... $13,113,518.08 Demand Deposits.....$14,399,996.43

U. S. Securities (par value).... 2,362,300.00 Time Deposits 2,373,495.95

State Coun. & City Obliga'ns..$ 99,700.00 Total Deposits $16,773,492.38

Railroad Securities 23,812.50 Letters of Credit Issued for

Public Service Securities 38,912.50 Customers 9,800.00

Industrial Securities 53,000.00 Capital Stock, Common 500,000.00

Stock, Preferred. Capital Foreign Securities 4,425.26

by Our Own Common 250,000.00 1.00 Purchased Other Securities Stockholders

Stocks 16,616.50 236,467.76 Surplus. 310,000.00

Undivided Profits 539,003.38

Total Cash and Liquid Assets $15,712,285.84 Total Capital Investment 1,599,003.38

Loans and Discounts 2,377,044.17 Total. $18,382,295.76

Federal Reserve Bank Stock31,800.00

Banking House 230,707.57

Furniture and Fixtures 16,935.00 247,642.57 OFFICERS

President Estate Other Real 3,723.18 HEBER GRANT

- President Executive Vice W.J. ADAMS ORVAL Liability Customer's a/c letters

President Vice RICHARD W. MADSEN of Credit 9,800.00 President Vice L RICHARDS STEPHEN

President Cashier - Vice and M. WENDELL SMOOT

Cashier Assistant ALVIN STRONG Total....; $18,382,295.76

- Assistant Cashier JOHN W.C. JAMES

- Cashier Assistant RICH FRED - - Assistant Cashier W. LANE ADAMS

ALL ASSETS ARE UNPLEDGED MEMBER FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION

(Do IJojjl JCnoivthe platypus grows? Page 260 /Hmprooementfra Where

'The Glory of God is Intelligence'How the blood tests of Aleutian

Indians differ from other NorthMAY, 19 3 9 Heber J. Grant, American Indians? Page 262

Widtsoe, John A. 5 42 VOLUME NUMBER of the world's one What emimost Editors nent physicians has to consay

L. Richard Evans, cerning the Bible? Page 264 "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Editor Managing

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, Marba C. Josephson, What General Authorities of the

Associate Editor MUTUAL ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTIMPROVEMENT Church sustained were at the

Morris, George General Q. Mgr. OF EDUCATION, MENT MUSIC COMMITTEE, April Conference? 266 Page WARD Lucv G. Cannon, Associate Mgr. TEACHERS, AGENCIES AND OTHER CHURCH OFTHE

1. K, Orton, Business Mgr. JESUS OF CHRIST OF SAINTS. LATTERDAY

tithes offerings durand fast How ing 1938 compared with the preJobfa. o QonimLbu Whatvioustheyear?Church attitude is Pagetoward267

letting children grow to maturity without guiding them into memAn Appreciation Heber J. Grant 267 Howbership?the Church spent its Pagemoney269

during 1938? Page 271

The General Authorities (Photographs) 266 How one returned missionary disillusioned a party of prominent The Home—Fundamental to Our Civic and Religious Life.... nonChurch people? Page 272

.....J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 268

the Deseret Hospital started In Conference Assembled 270 How William Mulder and it closed? why Page 276 Report Church Annual 271

principal the Evidences debts What are and that the Church Have Reconciliations—XI—Does each generation owes succeeding a Monopoly on Undesirable to Join Truth? XII—Why Is It generations? Page 276 Societies? Secret 289 A. Widtsoe John

Strange But True Facts From Ward Teaching 300 How we may best help youth?

Australia, Jack A. Richardson 260 Mutual Messages: Page 277

Church Moves The On 287 Luther's contributions to reWhat Genealogical 291 Page ExecutivesM Men 302301 ligious thought were? Page 280 Priesthood Gleaners 303

Melchizedek.. 294 Juniors 303 of the is General Authorities Who

Girls.... Aaronic 298 BeeHive 305 to soon make tour a European

Field Photos 302, 304, 305 inspection of supervision? and

Sp&riaL J'&jcdwuidu Page 287 From the "Outside"Looking In...Paul L. Newmyer 272 What three functions a Priesthood

Utah's Pioneer Women Doctors Claire W, Noall 274 quorum should serve? Page 294

Our Opportunities in the Leadership of Youth How many were baptized in the

Ray O. Wyland 276 stake missions in 1938? Page 296

The Protestors of Christendom—XIV—Luther's ContribuWho the leaders of Scouting are in

tion to Religious Thought James L, Barker 280 the Utah National Parks CounOakland New Capital of M Men Basketball Les Goates 302 cil? Page 305

the Exploring Universe, FrankStarting the Children Homing: "infer"and "imply"should How be 262 Jr Right 292 used? 320 Page

Bible, at the Looks Here's 293 A linPhysicianA. Harris, How

Howard A. Kelly 264 Index to Advertisers 311

On the Book Rack 286 Your Page and Ours 320 EXECUTIVEOFFICES:AND EDITORIAL

dihfdcddu Copyright50 North 1939,Main byStreet.the SaltYoungLakeMen'sCity, UtahMutual

Church Jesus Christ of Saints. of Latterday Whisperer The Improvement Association Corporation of the Richard L. Evans 288

rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.00 "At Home C. Josephson or Abroad"Marba in 288 Alla year, advance; Single 20c Copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

Jjudtwn, (pjosdJiy, QhoAAwtfvdL (PuIsl mailingUtah, as atsecondclassspecial ratematter.of postageAcceptanceprovidedfor

Hidden Melody—A Short Short Story Edith Lovell 273 authorizedfor in sectionJuly 2,1103,1918.Act of October, 1917,

is not responsible Rich Eskimo Kerry Wood 278 forTheunsolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era but welcomes be accompanied The conAlbert VII Native Blood—Chapter R. Lyman 282 bytributions.sufficientAllpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymust return. and Frontispiece, Moving Music, Deon Nethercott....286 My Prayer,

Estelle Millie Comparison, Thomas Webb 265 A NATIONAL ADVERTISING...284 Poetry Page Scriptural Crossword PuzzleJ. Titus....291318 REPRESENTATIVES Writers....285 Poems by Young Mizpah, H. Anna Hayes 319 Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

JhsL fov&A, EdwardGeorge T.S. HopewellTownsend,& Co.,San FranciscoNew York

"Phis view of unusual beauty from Memory Grove, Salt Lake City, is a reminder E. J. Powers & Co., Chicago

the it of * of month brings with another of which for May, day those Memorial who MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF life. thishave departed CIRCULATIONS

"If live live they here let let them die unto if they me; and for unto them die me;

they shall rest from all their labors here, and shall continue their works."Doctrine

124:86.and Covenants

The photographic study is by Dean Green, President of the Salt Lake Camera A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

Club. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

The AlcCormickDeering No. 61

i PROVES ITS VALUE in Tangled Grain

s $695f.o.b. factory, complete for powerimm. SiyiKi:?;.

drive operation, with choice of grain tank or bagging platform.

Machine complete with auxiliaryengine, $855 f.o.b. factory.

.:;::,:;S';-;:::

>. '',:.

w#

VI The test of a combine is its work in heavy crops, and down and tangled ONLY THE McCORMICKDEERINGFront view of header unit with reel grain. And that's when the McCormickNo. 61 GIVES YOU ALL OF THESEremoved, showing the patented openend auger and slatted chain Deering No. 61 proves its real worth. It FEATURES IN A 6-F00T COMBINE

feed carrier. cuts within li inches of the ground.

Patented openend auger. The patented open -end auger delivers Q

cylinder. Rubbar not Does the grain in flow a smooth

straw. Simplifies chop sepacarries it to the which cylinder—noto the feeder,

is ration and easily adjusted. bunching, clogging no anywhere.

The allaround efficiency of the No. 61, Straightline threshing. No Q rightangle turns or bottleplus its new low price of $695 f.o.b. factory, makes it the best buy in a small comnecks to cut capacity.

bine any way you look at it. Extravalue construction. Ask the International Harvester dealer Q Rotary, 3-section, allmetal about the McCormickDeering No. 61 straw rack.

the 6 -foot combine that really satisfies.

for Designed engine operaIt can the be bought Purchase on Income @ tion as well drive. as power Plan. sizes cut. 16foot to Other up

The rubbar cylinder is especially effiSimple to operate and adjust. cient grain, for that tough seed and is International Harvester Company Handles all small grains and

out of That's thehard to (INCORPORATED) pod. get why Q crops. seed

it in 61. the is used No. Illinois 180 North Michigan Chicago, Avenue

McCORMICKDEERING HARVESTER -THRESHERS

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 193 9

SlhanqsL but Jawl J'jCUddu pVOJfL AUSTRALIA By JACK A. RICHARDSON SPECIAL LOW

EXCURSION FARE Editor, Mission"AustralPublicationStar,"Australian to San Francisco is probPerth, West Australia, the Latterday most isolated 50 ably

Saint in the world. Branch

ONE WAY finds itself some 1800 miles from itsIt $18.00 ROUND TRIP nearest Mormon neighbor in Adelaide,

South Australia. A tour of the mission,

EXPENSEPAID even when following the most direct miles, route, comparable covers 8,000 TOURS the you're going to Of course, trip and to a LosAngeles-New York Greyhound's about Ask all its vastness, return. Bay. Fair Yet, for AusWorld's on San Francisco trips to the planned

tralia's population does not exceed The smart thing is to go now, before Fair—be assured of good hotel reservations, 7,000,000 people, of whom one million

the big summer crowds arrive. sightseeing, etc., at minlive in Sydney, another million in Melimum cost. bourne, the two largest cities on the

Ride luxuriously in a Greyhound DEPOT islandcontinent.

SuperCoach. See more along the 77 West So. Temple What excites the imagination more

way have more fun save PHONE itsthanstrangeanythingwildelselife.aboutAlthoughAustraliatheis

money to spend at the Fair. Was. 1366 kangaroo even in its native land has

become an object for the city zoo, inland, away from the settlements, it can still be seen in sufficient numbers for an "open season"of several days to be declared on it, when it is hunted GREYHOUND much as deer in the United States.

Almost extinct is the Koala bear, best described as a small teddy bear. Its

size and playful antics make it a source of amusement. Sydney maintains a

Koala bear farm, where the species is SCHOOL SUMMER being preserved under almost natural at is a stimulating experience conditions.

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY greatestThe Lyreimitatorbirdinhasthe beenworld.calledSo perthe

fectly can it reproduce the song and

Great minds are included in the distinguished faculty calls of other birds, that even the trained which will augment the regular staff during the sumear cannot make a distinction.

mer session. Victoria in the South boasts a common genre of earthworm which differs

Learning, too, is delightful on the University's Provo from the American sort only in size campuses, and at cool Aspen Grove, where the Althey reach a length of eight feet and pine Term is held. are several inches in diameter. As bait,

they could furnish more than one good

First Term: June 13 to July 22 fish story!

Alpine Term: July 25 to August 26 Strangest of all, perhaps, is the platypus, as heterogeneous as its name:

Write for a Summer Catalog webbed feet, a duck bill, fur coat, and tail like a beaver's. It lays eggs, yet

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY sucklesAmericaits young.has her Indians, Australia

PROVO. UTAH her Blackfellows. They are the remaining representatives of the Australian aboriginals, intellectually the

lowestranking race known to man.

The few who are still living are to be uieddmg flimouncEmeiTS Watches, Diamonds, fromseen theon largereservationscities. maintained far

OH INVITATIONS (ALL PANELED) The Church in Australia under the

In Beautiiul Styles of Lettering Jewelry, Easy Payments direction of President and Sister James

Including Envelopes—Only WATCHES, $2.9550 Missionaries—on the past during forward gone Judd has ETC. FOUNTAIN PENS, WATCHDiscountsREPAIRS,to 100 For Guaranteed $5.50—Satisfaction to able year. been have Elders The lor Prepaid Orders Postage Write OnlySamples—All

five statalks over CR17SER give weekly radio JEWELRY 9617 4iy2 So. Main St.FORD T. HOSE,'555 3rd Ave.,PhoneSaltWas.Lake8081MCity Wasatch (Continued on page 306}

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

TO UTAH FARMERS

Whenever I sit down to a big, mealy baked potato, piping hot and buttery, I think "Idaho"—how about you? Not

that Idaho grows the only good potatoes—not at all! But as

Bill Savage says, in Idaho's cool, high climate with its early fall, and in lavaash soil that's always cool below the surface, it seems potatoes thrive like sixty. On his 500 acres

near Kimberly, Twin Falls County, Bill Savage rotates other crops besides potatoes—raises some fine mules, too.

But he's a potato grower first, last and always—has been

for 27 years. You'd expect a man with Bill Savage's experience to have some pretty worthwhile ideas on marketing

farm products as well as growing them. He does. And

you're invited to read here the interesting things Bill Savage told me. I had him approve this whole story so I could

be sure I was quoting him correctly—

Your Safeway Farm Reporter

A Deal Is a Deal With Safeway—they stick by their bargain like I do my end

Cbof

Folks in the twin falls tract say Bill Savage is crazy about potatoes. "Why wouldn't I be?"Bill

said to me. "Sometimes the price isn't as high as we

growers would like. But potatoes are a good farm crop

—a staple. There's always a market for potatoes. And

year in and year out Idaho Gems rate a premium.

"Farming is little different from any other business. To

be successful you've got to have a selling outlet that matches your production. Now potatoes are grown in big

Growing potatoes lie deep and cool in these ovalshaped volume and farmers need to have those potatoes marketed

With down. lots water soaked of deep ridges. need They in big volume, and economically. That's where Safeway

figures Savage in 10 160 acres acres Reds Bill and in Gems to market over 40,000 sacks, 75% No. l's helps us fellows. They get our fine product into the customer's hands quickly, in top condition—so people

come back for more Idaho potatoes.

"When you make a deal with Safeway it's a deal. They

demand quality, pay cash for it—and stick by their bargain like I do my end. I've never known them to make

a spoilage claim, or ask for a rebate or discount after a car is shipped. If the market drops Safeway takes the

loss and never tries to chisel it out of the farmer.

"Cooperation like Safeway and the other chains are giving producers these days ought to be encouraged. I

hear those FarmerConsumer campaigns give real selling help when and where it's needed. And I know that

Huge potato cellars like these, always cool and dry, exSafeway works right along with the farmer all the time."

plain why potatoes bearing the Savage trademark keep their distinctive flavor The Safeway Farm Reporter.

xp!ounc thiL fMmvj2AJjL

By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

The finding of a convex quartz lens stupor, destroyed the resistance to innecked summer squash. The new

in the ruins of Nineveh and tablets fection even when the animals had been watermelon averages about 8 pounds with characters too minute to be read rendered highly immune by injection of and is more pearlike than oval in shape.

with the naked eye indicates that the antipneumococcus serum. IntoxicaIt is thought that field production of

Chaldeans made use of magnifying tion interferes with the various mechanthis melon might offer some difficulties, glasses as long as 6,000 years ago. isms the body uses for protection. but that it will have advantages for

4 greenhouse production.

Alcoholic intoxication reduces the A seedless watermelon has been pro- * resistance to pneumonia. Experiduced at Michigan State College. A new calculation, by Dr. S. Chandments on rabbits show that alcohol inScientists have also produced seedless rasekhar of Yerkes Observatory,

toxication, maintained at the point of tomatoes, peppers, eggplant, and longestimates that the pressure inside the sun, which is a typical star, is about one "Good news, my friends,"the wise pig cries, atmosphericand a third pressure,billion timesand thethe temperearth's TAKE A 7.4 million supplies ature degrees Centigrade. "We're now lucky—Standard

. 4 travel tips than ever! So TIP More TRAVEL

is easiest the combination of "VJiTuAT see before go! them We'd best we FROM THE vv letters for quick numbers and see to what's fun know and do identification easy remembering, and 3 Ulllt are for driving, roads best too!"PIGS TheyWhat there are a million over automowhen

biles to be registered? Experiments at

Lehigh University, with five symbols, found that license plates with one letter and four numerals are most easily recognized. Any combination of letters

and numbers is better than numbers alone, and plates of numbers alone are better than those of letters only.

SUMMlti 4

Hmt*—a'"M UMII Cpongesa differentare nowcolordyedfromtothegivenaturalthem

brown. Flowers too may be dyed in a

few seconds by treating the freshly cut stems with a solvent to reduce the resistance of the petals to the solution,

COPYRIGHT before dipping the stems in the dye

I939WALT DISNEY PRODUCTIONS solution.

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (IDact U>( 'rig;,. "Dloodmummiestests ofhavethe beenAleut madeIndiansof whothe

lived long ago in the Aleutian Islands,

Announcing Standard's Expanded whichfrom Alaska.extend westwardThe Aleutstowarddiffer. fromAsia

any North American Indians in that some have blood in the group called B.TRAVEL INFORMATION SERVICE This finding fits with the usual view that

STANDARD'S enlarged Travel Inforthe Aleuts and Eskimos are to be put in mation Service will gladly route your a different class from the Indians who vacation trip and send you free travel people the rest of America.

attractions highlighting along the + Standard go. you Ask any foldersway—wherever A new system whereby 32 bare wires Service the Travel Information Man for Inquiry Postcard, and mail it back to us ""will carry 256 conversations at one

(it's selfaddressed—no postage required). time has been devised. The best preTravel via Standard Stations, Inc., Auvious arrangement was 70 conversathorized Distributors and Standard Oil tions with 40 wires. Different converfor upto-theminute Dealers information sations different elecare carried on at

conditions, local to places road good on trical frequencies. is voice Each see. interesting stay to things At these and

"branch offices"of the Standard Travel changed into an electric current which

Information Service you may always get is changed by a piece of quartz into a easyto-read state road maps, Interstate narrow zone somewhere within 140,000

Route Maps, and, in larger metropolitan frequency range, such that there will city special centers, street maps—as well be no interference between different

courtesies. other free motoring as many conversations.

Standard's Information. Travel of Home greatest up and down movement The USE CREDIT NATIONAL CARD OUR groundfloor convenient these Make in ever recorded any earthquake in offices at Your Neighborhood and Street Good 22 5 your headBush

from Coast to Coast quarters for travel courtesies whenever was one of only 4 inches during the you are in San Francisco. Japanese earthquake of 1891, although

as 14 inches on the same occasion.STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA muchthere was a sideways rocking of as

Its value is tradition.. ITS STYLE IS

in carry out always Appointments have CARS LEADERSHIP deSTYLE FORD of tail the impression to their high new own been built cars of the lowprice field. The luxury

standards of basic quality and luxury. Upholstery is fine in

performance. This year they quality and workmanship. V-TYPE 8-CYLINDER ENGINE

also bring style that is new to Passengers find new tripleEight cylinders give smoothness, the lowprice field. cushioned riding comfort, as Small cylinders give economy.

Style leader of the line is the well as new riding quietness. BRAKES HYDRAULIC Ford 85 horsepower The func- V-8. Its Ford Luxe De quick, straight stops. Easyacting—engine, by V-8 its builtnow proved lines tional express

in quality. It is distinctive in over 5 million Ford V-8 ownTRIPLE-CUSHIONED COMFORT

appearance because it is disers, is improved this year in New flexible rolledge seat cushions, tinctive in construction. The, smoothness and quietness. Its soft transverse springs, four hydraulic

hood is deepcrowned to give dependable performance is shock absorbers.

easy access to the engine. The now linked with smooth hygrille is placed low because draulic brakes, rigidly tested STABILIZED CHASSIS

front or dipping. end bobbing standards of No to Ford meet engine, radiator the and fan

starts, level ride. stops, level Level

safety dependability. and are are placed low. Body lines

long and sweeping because of More than ever before, SCIENTIFIC SOUNDPROOFING the car's low center of gravity, there's extra pleasure in drivNoises hushed for quiet ride.

large luggage compartment ing a Ford V-8—and cause for

and generous inside room. extra pride in owning one! LOW PRICES

Including many items of desirable equipment, at no extra cost. SEE YOUR FORD DEALER TODAY

VISIT THE FORD BUILDING AT THE GOLDEN GATE INTERNATIONAL E X P O SI Tl O N—A D M I SSI O N FREE

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

A PHYSICIAN LOOKS AT THE BIBLE

T"\R. Howard A. Kelly, one of the four

*—'founders of Johns Hopkins Hospital

and one of the world's most eminent men in the field of medicine, distributes as a matter of personal pleasure and interest thousands of copies of the Gospel according to St.

John. Dr. Kelly, now 81 years of age, tells

why and how he does this in a recent letter to Dr. Richard R. Lyman, from which the

following excerpts are quoted. The letter

closes with this sentence: "I would like to

dedicate this simple but reverent effort to the beloved memory of my dear friend, Dr.

George W. Middleton, who has departed to

be with the Lord."SERVICE

Surely there is no closer tie in this AS NEAR AS THE world than the bond of a common growing faith in Christ through the word of God.... The whole world, NEAREST TELEPHONE! as a world, is utterly without this and so

rejects the Son of God through whom alone we dare approach the Father and

That's the type of service you can excall Him our God and our Father...

I have been a Bible student all my life

I find that I expect it so fathomless and it eternities, using through the to be pect—and receive—when you buy

ever discovering deeper and yet deeper of Gospels John by I buy my "Caterpillar". An experienced, trainthings.

I don't give the thousand. them...

away indiscriminately, but give one toed crew of servicemen and a full anyone who asks for it and says, "I will read it,"generally trying to have stock of parts await the call of "Catait, littleoftentalkalsowithwritingthe onemywhonametakesin the copy to make it a little more of a erpillar"Ownersgift. I tell my cab boys (I have no

auto ), if married, to read it with their wives, and that a prayer, a short one, before reading will help greatly in the understanding.

Distributors of Read your Bible ( John ). Then note

what our Lord says of His Holy Spirit "CATERPILLAR"as our teacher, in the last seven chapDiesel Engines ters, and ask our Father to teach you

TrackType Him. about Then learn by heart, John

. Road Machinery.. Tractors TRACTORLANDES& MACHINERY CO. 3:16.

All Christ's teachings of His disciples, i. e., all who came to follow Him, are

Headquarters - 245 West South Temple, Salt Lake City associated with testings and liftings, the last being Judas in Chapter 13. Note

Christ's great cry when He had before

BE INDEPENDENT Train for LEADERSHIP perfect,Him a butlittletruefaithfuland dependable.body, far Thenfrom

No Other Vocation So Profitable Your career requires the finest training obtainnote what He says to them in Chapter

ENROLL NOW able.institutionWoodbury,in America,the largestoffers businessscientificallytrainingdi13, verses 34 and 35. He who will

will things see a great these training to start honestly do rected enables graduates which

For a Complete Course at the at salaries quicker advancehigher win and is that assured well be light and God ment.

Courses in Business Administration, Accountleading Him and that he is growing and

Culture ing, Secretarial JournalScience, Trade, Foreign Beauty ofQuish School... Truth. the will know Secretariism, Merchandising, Radio and Movie

in the Best West The Shorter in years. with Bachelor Degree two I in to those try touch with keep

Art, Cosalso Courses; al,Commercial Commercial Bldg., S. 336340 American Main,

I to take promise meet and who Interior EcoDecoration, Design, whom tume Home CITY, UTAH LAKE SALT nomics. as word. good the God's... book A for Activities, Athletics, Deseret Social Club Information Further For is this: to learn for beginner a verse students. Supervised homes. student Mormon Call Catalog or filled positions 1,500 annually. Partthan More thyself to unto approved "Study show or 756D Wasatch course catalog. State time provided. Free work

Fill in This desired. God, a workman that needeth not to

Coupon be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth."(II Tim. 2:15.) WOODBURY COLLEGE 1023 UJILSHIRE BLVD. LOS ANGELES.RALIF Howard A. Kelly.

photograph by Fr.nol- W- F<""':

<WZuaic spent***&**> IT oucdntwhen Wt some K sky? the notes oi V/EBB THOMAS Uke the strain readsBy ESTELLE On wind, P *eKfpSng,the swift And mtotasw reirain And weaves

ChwidL /$. (Jama. ChhL&L

As sustained by the membership of the Church assembled in General Conference, April 6, 1939

THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE PRES. J. REUBENCLARK, JR. PRES. HEBER J. GRANT PRES. DAVID 0. McKAY

RUDGER CLAWSON REED SM00T GEORGE ALBERT SMITH GEORGE F. RICHARDS JOSEPH F. SMITH STEPHEN L RICHARDS RICHARD R. LYMAN

MELVIN J. BALLARD JOHN A. WIDTSOE JOSEPH F. MERRILL CHARLES A. CALLIS ALBERT E. BOWEN SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

Apostle and Associate of the THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY Council of the Twelve.

RULON S. WELLS LEVI EDGAR YOUNG ANTOINE R. IVINS SAMUEL 0. BENN10N JOHN H.TAYLOR RUFUS K.HARDY RICHARD L. EVANS

tat THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

LEFT TO RIGHT:

BISHOP MARVIN 0. ASHTON,

BISHOP LeGRAND RICHARDS, BISHOP JOSEPH L. WIRTHLIN.

fj/re EDITOR'S PAGE

the opening address (From the of \09th Annual By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

6, April Conference, 1939) am very happy to be here; very happy to see this better knowledge of the Bible, I believe, than almost

marvelous audience. I have thoroughly enjoyed any other man in his day and generation and when I—although statistics are a little tedious—-the we think of this Gospel capturing men of that kind,

remarkable and wonderful report of the accomplishit is a source of gratitude to us.

year. Saints the past Latterday during of the ments

I have of the think grateful men who when I am all in that people the world convinced no other I am other this the of at Church, stood and the head in giving Saints Latterday the with compare can talents, their officials, their giving time leading and faith in practical actual, the of demonstration Gosis, far sacrifices the sacrifices as (that so making it, their pel, their for of willingness to labor of and having this concerned), are and of world things their their time of willingness to contribute and lives, that abiding perfect knowledge a and God the of for spread the advancement and means prayers; having a our that hears and answers He at abroad. Gospel and home that of doubt, a knowledge, beyond shadow God

It is as unbelievable could that almost do we did introduce His to did Smith appear and Joseph reported as has been much that the a perfect having knowledge Son to him;

dollars. millions of into the Priesthoods were hereWe today,had a veryrunningsevereup Aaronic Melchizedek and

price of the of our because year low bad and rethe keys earth held to stored the by the men who tithes yet, actual behold, the products, lo and and

I the that grateful in of Time. the Meridian am greatest the are paid donations Fastday and we Oliver to appeared Savior Smith and CowJoseph

last year. than 271.) page have (See had—better for the wonderful in Kirtland the Temple, dery and

all in gratitude out heart those goes to who My in of section 76th recorded the manifestations as are working at home and abroad for the spread of the Gospel. I am very thankful indeed that we have the Doctrine and Covenants;

after testimonies the have been now, which many And grateful that the Latterday the truth. very I am

this last testimony, of all, of is the which Him, we the Saints all over world have a personal, lives! of individual, givengive That Him: He

and abiding testimony of the divinity of the work For we saw Him, even on the right hand of God; and

in which we are engaged. But for that testimony we heard the voice bearing record that He is the Only

men would not think, or women either, of making Begotten of the Father the marvelous sacrifices that they do make at home areThatand bywereHim,created,and throughand the Him,inhabitantsand ofthereofHim, theare worldsbegotand abroad, for the advancement of the work of ten sons and daughters unto God....

the Lord. And this is the Gospel, the glad tidings, which the voice

I have mentioned it time and time again, but I out of the heavens bore record unto us never tire of referring to it, that we have been forThatthe Heworld,cameandintoto thebearworld,the sinseven ofJesus,the toworld,be crucifiedand to preaching the Gospel now for over a hundred sanctify the world, and to cleanse it from all unrighteousness;

years, and I have yet to know of any individual That through Him all might be saved whom the Father had who has gone out to proclaim the Gospel who has put into His power and made by Him;

all glorifies the of Father, His and saves the works after those of perdition sons been converted to some other faith. What a marhands,Whoexcept deny the Son who

velous thing that is! Unless we had the truth this the Father has revealed Him.

could not have been accomplished. We have had

men of great intelligence, of great knowledge, men Nothing short of this perfect and absolute knowlwho have been connected with other churches, edge that we possess as a people would enable us who, when they heard the Gospel, have received it, to accomplish anywhere near the things that we and in answer to their prayers and supplications are accomplishing. To think that in these days of

they have obtained individual testimonies of the depression and trouble we are able to spend millions divinity of the work in which we as Latterday of dollars of money to build meetinghouses. Nearly

Saints are engaged. every Sunday, for weeks at a stretch, I have had to

Orson Pratt was one of the great astronomers of dedicate meetinghouses, and every time the buildthe world, one of the great mathematicians, one of ings have been full to overflowing with those who the greatest students of languages, a man with a (Continued on page 316)

J>undamsmiaLThe home iv Ouh Qwll and, (RsdiqicjuA. 3tifei

By PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

—thepaganism,very isbulwarkthreateningof civilizationthe home

this itself. sisters of andBrethren Everybody knows that home is air, of the great throng and

that keep out the children all of one supreme EDITOR'S NOTE not the four walls

God: today is the traditional day nationwide audience heard this cold, the wind, and the storm, nor

the rooms therein that add comfortof the resurrectionbirth of our A address through the facilities of merely are indwellers. to the the Broadcasting These Columbia and KSL our Lord and Elder It the delivered from System. was is the the which house under homeBrother, Only Jesus 9, 1939, April BeTabernacle, Sunday, on Master,Christ—the a hushave roofed. must home The 109th the the of of the session part the Father, asgotten 5th of Messiah

all virtues the wife, with and band Conference. Tabernacle Annual The of God, the to that come, Lamb was generations have Christian that filled the at time, the to overflowing was Resurrection, Firstfruits the ofthe the the addition of with and Church this to and given them; husband and world. the ofthe Redeemer the We millions of audience, untold Air children. there born be wife must

its sigthis this real the place statement nor day, heard on not forgetmay hearth the cats and on and Dogs of the responsibility of and home us. fornificance

in barn the horses cows and blooded children, the to parents each and before centuries Heralded His other. not a children not make are and dobirth as the "Prince of Peace"home. There must be a father and

(Isaiah 9:6), heavenly angels anmother and sons and daughters of

saying: coming, Hisnounced re- "Multiply the and home. God in resurrection the to bring each and

highest, on and in the to Glory God the earth"comGod's was to plenish of children born every God's (Luke will men. toward earth peace, good is creation. of all the law and mand earth. Christ the mission This made 2:14.)

chilSaints, Latterday Among fill this complete. perfect and To vainly sometimes man Modern repeculiar place a and have dren help mission from needed no He to mission that wasthinks Jesus'taberfleshly lation: the are They or take can from man, and no man cried scoffers have war, out andwipe are spirits intelligences nacled whose it, to matter has what add no man

still earth, curses the sincethat war followco-eternal with God. Not do. Christ's mission or done So may failed and mission hasChrist's these Lucifer, rebellion of ing the it fail. is It failed; not has cannot

is blight. aChristianity in "first estate"their spirits kept it is finished, for service perfect the

Yet Christ Himself sent forth His the service of Deity Himself. heaven. They have come to this

Twelve, saying: What today's world must have, earth to receive the mortal bodies

Think not that I am come to send peace if humanity is to go on climbing upgiven them by us fathers and mothnot to send earth: I came estate."liveon ers, their "second and to is the peace, but ward, wearing men—those 10:34.) (Matt.a sword. here, live rightly children If these well cloth as as know the laity—who principles of the the Gosobserving proclaim Christ did lives that a peace—the the that and Jesus is God

peace of everlasting righteousness, Christ: men that, having this knowlpel and the commandments of the

which is the eternal and mortal edge, have also the intellectual honLord, they will keep their "second enemy of sin. Between righteousesty not only to admit but to proestate,"and will not only be resurness and sin, in whatever form, there claim it; and men who have further rected, as will all mortals, but they

can only be unceasing war, whether the moral courage and sterling charwill also be exalted and "have glory in one man, among the people, or acter to live the righteous lives this added upon their heads forever and is the glorybetween nations in armed conflict. knowledge demands. And this ever."And this glory

This war is the sword of Christ: knowledge must be a living, burning of intelligence, which is the glory of

whatever its form, this war cannot knowledge of God and Christ. The God. They shall have also the

end until sin is crushed, and Christ world will never thrive, if indeed it glory of eternal progression. This

brings all flesh under His dominion. can live, on abstruse ideals or an righteous family of father, mother,

Righteousness is peace wherever it ethical code. and children, with their loving relathe will tionships, throughout endure is itself wherever in sinabides: war

all to of Furthermore, you men blessing glory eternities to the andit is found.

beliefs, is righttruth saying: The its of members. death spiritual mortal and Sin and

is life for the other eous not man divine rethis purposeful, of fall Out the through to world thecame this to only, delusion not hug do child, lationship of parent comes and overcome these by wereof Adam;

It soul. will you. destroy your The love. a duty dual and Christ. Paul ofthe atonement As

is life for each righteous you and at the great child, said the it: God Todeclared

also. of you Sinai: at of lawgiving day in all die, so even as in For Adam this in chief place which The

(I all alive. Cor. shallChrist be made that father mother: thy thy and Honor this righteousness, knowledge and15:22.) the land long upon thy days be may shall this Christ of peace be bred

( thee. giveth the thy Lord which God The mission of Christ, planned and nurtured, is the home; and yet 20:12.) Ex.

before the foundations of the earth throughout the world the modern were laid, was to conquer death and way of apostasy, of idolatry, and of This command is not spiritual only; it is not religious only; it is also

political. It declares that in the

nation which shall live, children must JR.PRESIDENTAT THE J.MICROPHONE,REUBEN CLARK,AS

honor, that is, must hearken to and THE NATION HEARS A GENobey, their parents. This means ERAL (CourtesyCONFERENCEDeseretMESSAGE.News)

there must be in the land the true home, and that without this home, To the wayward child, there person can take your place. Our

so signifies the command, the nation comes the poignant wisdom of the Eternal Father will hold every fawill perish. immortal poet: ther and every mother to a strict

Christ Himself, as a child of How sharper than a serpent's tooth it is accountability for the custody and twelve, in the Temple, though knowto have a thankless child. {King Lear, guardianship of every spirit they

ing His divine mission, its meaning, Shakespeare.) bring into the world.

and its source, followed homeward One of the things Christ told the The Lord in our own day has said

His anxious, sorrowing, and mildly rich young man inquiring as to what that the "sin is upon the heads of reproving mother, saying only: he should do to inherit eternal life, the parents"that teach their children

How is it that ye sought me? wist ye not was to "honor thy father and "not to understand the doctrines of

that I must be about my Father's business? mother."(Mark 10:19.) This duty repentance, faith in Christ the Son

(Luke 2:49.) so divinely imposed, carries with it of the living God, and of baptism

Out of the wisdom of the past we to the child the obligation lovingly and the gift of the Holy Ghost by have to the children these words: to care for the parent in poverty, the laying on of the hands."

Hearken unto thy father that begat thee, in sickness, and in death. For this shall be a law unto the inhaband despise not thy mother when she is itants of Zion, or in any of her stakes

old. (Prov. 23:22.) HTo the parent there are equal which are organized.

duties. The same wisdom of the

is to his father, a grief son A foolish shall also children teach their they And and past says:

bitterness to her that him. (Prov. bare to pray, before the uprightly and to walk

17:25.) Train up a child in the way he should go: Lord.

and when he is old, he will not depart from

A wise son maketh a glad father: but a it. (Prov. 22:6.) Now, I, the Lord, am not well pleased

foolish man despiseth his mother. (Prov. with the inhabitants of Zion, for there are

15:20.) And again: idlers among them; and their children are

in also also growing wickedness; they up is there Chasten thy hope, son while and

son, father's thy keep commandment, My eternity,, the earnestly riches of seek not let for thy soul his not spare crying.and the forsake of not thy mother: law full their but are greediness. of eyes (Prov. 19:18.)

continually Bind thine heart, them upon things to be, not ought These and must and tie them about thy neck. To you parents it must be said: be done away from among them. (D. and

it shall thou goest, thee; lead when When C. 68:26, 28, 31,32.) spirit precious of This here God is

it sleepest, shallthou thee; keep and when

it so. you, with willed because you little it later the Lord spoke shallthou thee. awakest, talk with A

For the commandment is a lamp; and the Your act, not his, brought him to again:

law But to bring I have commanded you up children truth.the wayis light;of life.and reproofs(Prov. 6:2023.)of instruction are you.him toHeyou.did Whennot askyouyou beckonedto bring your in light and (D. and

Paul commanded the Ephesians: him into the flesh, you became re- C. 93:40.)

for Children, sponsible him. parents in the your Lord: obey Frederick Williams G. To Hefor is this right. to thrust act aside can do no You said: father thy mother; and Honor (which off lay is or reyour shoulders that

firstthe promise;) with commandment continued have under You this condemspirit, sponsibility. dear That it well thee, be That with thou and may to nation;

mayest live long on the earth. (Eph. 6:1-3.) God, is in your keeping. No other (Continued on page 312)

THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD CONFERENCE, IN

THE TABERNACLE, APRIL 7, 1939. A LIKE

AUDIENCE OF MEN MAY NOT BE FOUND

ELSEWHERE.

Tribune Staff Photo, Sn. CONFERENCE

By WILLIAM MULDER ASSEMBLED

the widely representative group of

GqaitL ihsL Qhuteh, qivsA. on, axxoiwL 1200 Singing Mothers, the 250voice

Nebo Stake Choir, a chorus of SevjofL iitelfi. and, x&l ApvuluaL enties from the Bonneville Stake,

the Ogden Tabernacle Choir, the ami financial actwiiisA. Brigham Young University Symphony Orchestra, and the Salt Lake

onstration, pageant Easter has an the and again Church the broadcast over Columweekly the of itself. sponsored School Sunday byOncegiven Tabernacle Choir, whose regular an account part national bia formed network

spectacle in the orpattern unique the the whole a Following meeting. morning of the Sundaydained 109 years ago, when at the churchworld.

"first conference as an organized Good weather made for recordAn intelligent survey of the finanChurch"the youthful Prophet Josbreaking attendance. All of the cial and statistical report—public

eph Smith described scenes "calGeneral Authorities were present. presentation of which may be reculated to inspire our hearts with In their messages they reiterated old garded as a democratic procedure

signifijoy unspeakable... and with fresh truths with new power and in the without parallel—indicates

zeal and energy in the cause of spirit of "exhortation and instruccant, wholesome tendencies, and truth,"thousands of faithmotivated tion"that characterized the earliest should reverse the doubter in his

Latterday Saints met April 6, 7, and conferences of the Church, defined thinking. The report calls forth re-

9 in Salt Lake City with a vigorous anew the position of Latterday newed confidence in the current poland prepared leadership in the Saints with reference to the pericies of the Church.

109th annual general conference of plexing issues of the day. In short, the events of the conthe Church. For the first time in over forty

Preceded by a twoday convenyears the Temple assembly room

COX special meeting of WALTER used in a was Relieftion National of the Women's V0, Priesthoodbearers 2,000 some deleSociety, attended which, 82 by OFUTAH,P R0 gates even from Hawaii, Alaska, mission presidents, stake presidenYEARSAGE, A FULLOF patriarchs, cies, stake TITHEPAYER senior memitself with Ireland, concernedand

WHO HAS NOT bers of stake high councils, and security temporalthe spiritual and A MISSED bishops. GENERAL conference brought ward theof home, the CONFERENCE address to A Churchof-theAirits IN OVER 60 general sessions, of round

Priesthood meets, missionary rethe nation by President }. Reuben YEARS.

Deseret Clark, Fundamental Jr.,"The Home conferforeign-languageunions,

Life,"News Religious Civic and Our Photo in Priesthood,ences, seminars Welto fare, and auxiliary work, a music was a feature of the Sunday morning festival of the combined ward and general session.

stake choirs of sixteen stakes, a PriFurnishing music at major gathermary "The Way to Health"demings throughout the conference were

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

ference were once again a convincing demonstration that when the

Church gives an account of itself it means in reality that every LatterAN INFORMAL CONday Saint takes stock of himself. THEFERENCEFIRSTVIEWPRESIOF

UTAH'S FIRST OF HOUSE.ANNUAL CHURCH REPORT DENCY, IN FRONT

FINANCIAL STATEMENT LetandTribune VanStaff WagonerPhoto by

The expenditures by the Church for the year 1938: r r.

Stake and Ward Purposes There has been returned from the tithes to the stakes and wards for construction of ward and stake meetinghouses $ 926,863.15

For ward maintenance expenses 835,486.65

For stake maintenance expenses 253,950.24

Total $2,016,300.04

Missionary Work For the maintenance and operation of all the missions, and for the erection of places of worship and other buildings in the missions $1,116,006.02

Education Expended for the maintenance of Church school system $ 862,633.98

Temples for the maintenanceExpended of and operation temples $ 404,582.26 STROM,CLERKS OFLEFT,THE CONFERENCE:AND JOSEPHFRANKANDERSON,OTTERTrustee-inTrustfunds and returned toby thethe

Hospitals RIGHT. THEY RECORD ALL THE PROCEEDINGS. Saints for the maintenance

Expended for the erection Desetet News Photo and operation of the stakes and improvement of hospital and wards, mission activbuildings {included in ities, for the maintenance

Church Welfare Program)..$ 67,987.67 and operation of Church

schools and temples, for hosRelief Assistance pital buildings and relief

For direct aid in the care of assistance.

the worthy poor and other charitable purposes, includFast Offering Information ing hospital treatment. 1938 1937 Increase Percent

only. tithing funds (From offerings paid Fast

Included in'Church Welin wards:

fare Program) $296,443.67 $ 572,898.61 $395,200.59 $ 98,756.92 33.3%

Total $5,040,408.58 Fast offerings paid

Which has been taken from in35,971.52missions: 34,441.48 1,530.04 4.4%

the tithes and other Church Total Fast OfferMEMBERS OF THE RELIEF SOCIETY MAKE THEIR ings:

WAY TO THEIR MEETINGS TWO DAYS BEFORE $431,172.11 $330,885.15 $100,286.96 30.3%

THE GENERAL SESSIONS. Deseret News Photo Number who paid

........ wards: I|11U fast offerings in

162,582 151,056 11,526 7.6%

Number who paid fast offerings in missions: 22,173 21,654 519 2.4%

Total who paid fast offerings:

184,755 172,710 12,045 7.0%

Average fast offerings per capita in wards 72.9c 55.4c 17.5c

Stakes with highest per capita fast offerings: Maricopa, $ 1.74

Bonneville 1.56

Kanab 1.39 San Francisco 1.31

(Continued on page 309) \\ OUTSIDE //

[, Mr. Newmyer, please development that is amazing, to say

show me a Mormon,"the least. They spend that time

were the first words of in meeting people not of their faith,

Mrs. Kaltenborn after I had been in distributing tracts covering disintroduced to her as the conductor By PAUL L NEWMYER cussions of various phases of their

of her tourist party some years ago. belief, then going back and disin preachingA group of 56 people, most of them "Deing an account of a recussing these principles,

from New York City, were touring turned MISSIONARY WHO in street meetings and rented halls, the country under the auspices of the HAD A GLORIOUS OPPORTUNITY and in studying the Bible and other

Brooklyn Daily Eagle. The editor, AND "MUFFED"IT. books.

Mr. Hans V. Kaltenborn, was in "A once bashful boy who hesicharge, and Mrs. Kaltenborn acted tated when he tried to express himas reporter for the trip, making notes self, now stands on his feet before

and daily reports of the scenes visten or a thousand people and gives ited for their paper. As one of the a firstrate account of himself, his

staff of the local Chamber of Combelief, and his testimony of what merce, it became my privilege to be he feels is the truth regarding his the official guide for the party while religion. A timid girl develops into

in Utah. a personable young woman with

As a matter of interest to these poise and dignity, and ability to people, some of whom were of conduct a meeting, address a gatherprominence in their home communing, or lead a group discussion. To

ities, we had arranged for them to me, with a background of fifteen or visit Timpanogos Cave, which had more years in Y. M. C. A. and other

been opened to the public but a forms of work with young people, it short time before, and after going is the outstanding accomplishment through the cave, to dedicate this of the L. D. S. Church. This L. D.

wonder of nature in an appropriate S. means Latterday Saints of the

ceremony. Cars had been provided, Church of Jesus Christ, which is the

and at nine a. m. we left the Hotel official title of the organization."

Utah and started up Salt Lake City's While we were talking in this

East South Temple Street. It was manner, Mr. Kaltenborn had been

then Mrs. Kaltenborn asked to see listening and at the same time con-

a Mormon. versing with our driver. At this point

Answering her inquiry, I replied, he turned and said: "Why, this

"Why, you have seen quite a numyoung man who is driving for us ber of Mormons already, I am sure."also some of the other Church books was a Mormon missionary!"

"Where? I don't remember seecalled the Pearl of Great Price and "There you are,"I said, "you are

ing any."the Doctrine and Covenants. These, having the privilege of seeing a Mor-

"In the hotel, on the street, everywith the Bible, are what they call mon and having him drive your car for can find out you of the Church, half the people the standard works youwhere for you—now go—about

I So he believes."what just yourself are are in but MorSalt Lake City Mormons to me theyou see

mons."another denomination like the Methsaid to him, "Where were you on

mission?""That's strange,"she replied, "I odists and Baptists—each having your

thought they would be different from its particular beliefs and interHe replied, "New Zealand, among

People."the Maori scriptures. of the pretations They I didn't know themother people—so long were you there?"like "How people; they act like other look I saw them."when

"No,"I said, "they are just like other people; and I just put them "Three and a half years."

it?"isn't I asked. unusual "That's sect. tell another as being can't Howthem downother people—you doing some is, but I "Yes, it was difthing that is ever, there they as is one people rest of thefrom the

go and come on their regular busiferent and which to me makes them special work when my regular period ness. In the state at large about outstanding. That is their missionwas up; so they had me stay until

72% of the population is Mormon, ary system. At the age of from I finished the assignment."

but here in the city it is about 5050."twenty to twentyfour, many of their "Who paid your expenses?"

"Tell me about their religion; what young men and women are called to "I did, with the help of my folks."

do they believe?"she wanted to go on a mission for their Church. "Didn't the Church pay any of

know. These young people are like any them?"

"I can't answer that question very others of the same age, rather bash- "They helped me the last year and well,"I replied, "as I am not inful and backward, unable to stand a half and sent me a ticket home."

formed about it. I have seen a copy on their feet and express themselves I said to our guests: "This young

of the Book of Mormon from which very clearly, but after two to twoman can tell you more about the

it and they come home with a personal {Continued on page 313)they—I haveget theevennicknameread partof Mormonsof and-a-half years in the mission field principles of his belief in fifteen

By EDITH LOVELL HIDDEN

(L Afwit, Afw\t /d&u x>, jdl qihL who MELODY wait&xL $&l jcl Aimq aJvl haxL mv&A. hcxvut

smooth,"She was delectable! She when I said I used to go barefoot

was a little queer, spending hours in the summer time."

talking to that old downat-theheels botany prof., or in the library, She couldn't say: "And, anycopying plans for "busywork"from way, there's a boy I'm going to meet

the files of the Normal Instructor. some day who's going to lock me

Raymond thoroughly despised up in his heart."

every saucy duck and slanteyed pig * that Eileen tucked into her notebook, She couldn't say: "He'll love the

for they meant that she would be outof-doors; he'll be a farmer with

teaching in some remote "dump"a great chest and a clean mouth, benext year, while he, of necessity, cause he has never used tobacco.

would be at an eastern college ab- * sorbing the intricacies of law for the "We'll go down to a tall gray honor and prestige of the Ellis famtemple and pledge our love in the ily and its political affiliations. presence of the spirit of God.

He gazed moodily at the sun set- * * * ting behind a bank of clouds. The "We'll live in a rambling white

school year, like the day, was drawfarmhouse with the kitchen walls -ITKs ing to a close. In the mellowness painted the color of sunshine. On

of its closing, the old familiar asthe floors will be bright linoleum sociations loomed more precious and and braided rugs, and through the more lovely, like the ugly red bricks glass doors of the quaint old cup-.he lilacs by the unin the "Old Ad"glowing warm and board that belonged to his grandused sidedoorT of the dormitory golden in the sunset. mother will peek our gay dishes.

where they sat smelled like soap and Raymond began to talk again We'll have a livingroom with a shinwater, like rain early in the morning, oh, yes, he had been talking! He ing walnut piano and books and a

like a pile of new pine boards, Eileen had an idea that he was trying to cretonnecovered couch.

* thought. But she did not say so. put across to Eileen. You see, he

Farm girls at college, that is, smart had no intention of relegating her "I'll raise nasturtiums and sweet farm girls like Eileen, never let the quick smile to the limbo of things peas and every other kind of hay in their hair show below their to be remembered in his grandfather flower that will grow, and every year chic berets. Radicals, baiters, zealdays. I'll save the seed until there isn't

in flower the yard."for another room get then married and "We ots, these, affected college fops—all

* tell the folks mine. and tolerates, nurtures, yea, sometimes folks—yourcould Eileen see, couldn't say: it will "You for steam around about Dad is unsophisticate thebut an abomination to be unmercifully snubbed. a while, but he'll send us both to I won't have time to play bridge,

in the cellar I'll So Eileen and her sisters of the school, I know that. We wouldn't afternoons, because

soil are careful to wear exactly the have to wait all those years and you want rows and rows of vegetables right version of sweaters and skirts, wouldn't have to teach. And we'd and fruits and jams and pickles shincurls 'fore or aft as the year dictates, always have plenty. Even if I never ing through the glass jars like

and that omniscient facial expression get anywhere in politics, I get Dad's jewels; I'll always be busy baking

that says as plain as anything: "So kale when he cashes in."fragrant homemade bread and

overalls and making in mending wee didn't say it Raymond Maybe is it? is this big that world, bad

for there'll dresses, cute short be a exactly those but there words, you into they put verve more OnlyHa! "

their dancing, their dormitory escahave the meat of his argument. His houseful of children.

on but he went and on, was pades, are to be argument their smiles—which "There'll be lean years when only saying things the over same ladsremembered by the college

when they are old graybeards with again. some of our friends will notice how

is getting and gout and grandchildren. Eileen looked thoughtful and imshabby my black coat

will call the telephone company secretly flattered, pressed and maybe Ellis, sitting beside Raymond bill. the There'll about fat years be said nothing, she Eileen of the side door but on the steps

* we'll or wool blankets buy when thinking of of Hall, wasn't Turner or grandchildren, gout or even the You see, she couldn't say: boysanothercantwentyshare acres,the cropsso thethey'relittle

lilacs under his very nose. He was, "Raymond, we have had lots of fun learning to raise.

it must be confessed, thinking of together, but I don't know you very

Eileen's smile; more than that, of her well—except that you were amazed "There'll be gay times, parties

quick laughter, her brown eyes, and when I told you I have seven younger with friends and relatives around us.

soft brown hair. Eileen was "pretty brothers and sisters and annoyed (Concluded on page 306)

Utah's pioneer women doctors

By CLAIRE WILCOX NOALL

only effort which was ever made to found a hospital without a substantial bequest as an original endow-

V; "'—;;:.: ment. But nothing daunted, these

women were unafraid to try the exDESERET HOSPITAL periment. Moreover, they had other

were presenting an incredibly ambiblessings in mind than those which tious proposition to the leaders of the were confined to motherhood and \\ T"-\ resident Taylor, we realize Church. In addition to Sister women alone. They were thinking

Y-J that without the sanction of Young, Jane S. Richards of Ogden, of those which men might share in

J the Priesthood no project Eliza R. Snow Smith, Dr. Romania the matter of hospitalization, and of

undertaken by the women of the B, Pratt, Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson, those which the Priesthood would

Church could succeed, let alone such and tiny, brownhaired, blueeyed bestow in the layingon of hands.

a serious one as the establishment of Emmeline B. Wells, editor of The Among all Latterday Saints, medic-

a hospital."There was earnestness Woman's Exponent, whose columns inal and surgical attention were

in the voice of this speaker, a widow would publicize this project, had insufficient for the healing of the of President Young, Zina Diantha gathered in the presidential office sick without the beneficent influence

Huntington Young. to present their ideas. of the Lord. Without faith in God,

There was vision in the eyes of It was in the early spring of 1882 how could life be saved? One

a group of women who had gathered when the meeting took place. But woman said during this present

in President John Taylor's office in the year 1882 was one of trouble meeting the Gardo House. He and his in the Territory of Deseret. Presi- "President Taylor, we feel that

counselors were seriously considerdent Taylor had many other probwith your cooperation we can found ing a plan which the sisters had long lems with which to cope at this a place where the ministrations of desired to carry into effect. It was time. Once more the Latterday the Priesthood can be practiced

indeed an enormous undertaking for Saints were suffering persecution. without restraint...."

which they were making their apBut faith in the righteousness of "That is a worthy and important pealChurch—thisto the FirstfoundingPresidencyof aofhosthe theirMormonsprinciplesa staunchheartedhad made people,of the consideration."We also feel.. that."hea answered.Latterday

pital when there were no special and faith in the Lord had before Saint institution would be like a funds laid aside for the purpose. helped them as a body to attain stutabernacle of refuge to those patients

Still, they were persistent, for pendous achievements. who have received their temple orthese women numbered the very ones It was this very spirit which dinances. We realize that the other

who had always encouraged the welnow carried these women forward. hospitals are excellent institutions,

fare of Zion's womanhood. In a Among other reasons for wishing to but we want one where our own

way, Sister Zina was like a spiritual establish the hospital, they desired Elders can walk freely in and permother to all of Utah's women docto provide a training center for the form the ceremonies of the Church tors who had thus far succeeded in sisters who had come from near and without having the eyes of the curiobtaining their medical degrees. far to learn the scientific care of ous upon them."

For years she had served as midwife mothers during childbirth. All of President Taylor looked from one

in the Brigham Young family. It Utah's women doctors were teaching eager face to another as he was conwas Zina to whom President Young obstetrics to classes composed partly fronted by these ardent women.

had turned when he wished the Reof women who had come from afar. "Sisters,"he said, "your words

lief Society to raise money for the And all of the doctors felt the need might easily spring from my own assistance of the pioneer women of the hospital for the demonstration heart. But I can hardly believe that

medical students that they might reof practical teaching as well as to you know the enormity of your sugmain in college when lack of funds provide hospitalization for the memgestion...."His white hair and

was proving a serious handicap to bers of the Church. the gleaming silver of his beard softthem. True, this was the first effort in ened the already kindly expression

Now she and her valianthearted the Territory to establish a maternity of his clear blue eyes. His benevco-workers in the cause of health home. It is possible that it was the olent manner suggested that there

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

was nothing in his power that he could do to further this suggestion which he would withhold. And yet

... and yet, he was thinking

what a vast undertaking this was for which these women were petitioning.

"I can hardly believe that you really understand the full weight of the responsibility attached to the project,"he said.

"I think we do, President Taylor,"said Eliza R. Snow Smith. "For

years we have dreamed of a Latterday Saint hospital."

"In the past, conditions may not have been propitious, but now..."

Emmeline B. Wells was speaking,

"we have several women who have received their diplomas in medicine.

Not only will they help with the hospital, but they themselves need a place where their students can train."DESERET OF THE DIRECTORS OF BOARD Taylor, also, President "And HOSPITAL it plainly, or, strength to put on the and S. Richards chairs: Jane in low row supportthere avenue of is another credit (Secretary). B. Wells of the which has been estabEmmelineFront

IsaWoodruff, It M. sitting: row, Phoebe arises Second this institution. toopen lished the general through dona- H. D. Zina (President), Eliza bella R. Snow Home, the ideal of general Churchfrom the Bathsheba Shipp, Elias R. row, standing: Third If his for tions. a person can pay

Hyde. Marinda living. Through if the care, must. his Young, he Bathsheba cannot, Shipp, R. he But—cooperative Ellis standing: row, Third

various stake Relief Societies and individual care and cure will ma- W. Smith, Elizabeth Howard, Romania B. Penrose.

Mutual Improvement Associations terialize through the united efforts is receive financial shall that you saywe what know "We his support. of our project."ward—andIn turn true, economical President can supply Taywise and we Dr. Again Ferguson looked at Presboth

medical attention to those members ident Taylor with a smile upon her lor, but, as has been explained, we of the stakes who require it. In other lips, but with clearseeing eyes. shall have the backing of every Reservice for susgive in the canwords, Church. There is lief Society we he, said "Well,"about the "what

..."willtenance. not contribute Dr. Ferguson's not one which face actual running of hospital?"the

broke into a bright smile despite the "Dr. Seymour B. Young has funds and goods to help us carry this

seriousness of her plea. And then promised to act as visiting physihospital through."The fire of conshe continued to explain the plan cian,"said Sister Zina D. H. Young. viction lighted the eyes of Eliza R.

beenas it had worked out by sisters their of dislong hours the "Even so, the undertaking is enorpresidentSnow Smithof asall shethe spoke.Relief SocietiesShe was during

cussion. "By having every adult mous,"said the President. in the world. And she continued,

Church member contribute a little "So is our system of granaries for "There are women in the stakes of... and our organZion whose lives are being sacrithrough his own stake, or ward,"storing wheat

she said, "either in produce, handiization for raising silkworms...."ficed to this need...."

work, or money, those who fall ill Jane Richards continued. "The care of Zion's motherhood

may receive the benefit of hospital- "Yes. But neither storing wheat in childbirth has progressed, Brother

ization through their ward accounts, nor raising silkworms requires the Taylor. Why should surgery for

outlay of money not our that this proposition both go formen and women DR. SAINTS LATTERDAY W. H. GROVES..."involves. UTAH. LAKE CITY, SALT HOSPITAL, B. Pratt always Romania ward?"

spoke with telling fervor; her words

lacked no emphasis now.

"Well, well...."President

Taylor's blue eyes melted as his tone rose on an inflection of conjecture.

Kp! iNi* I "Show me a draft of your resolu-

... tions. shall see what can We m l s

.".. done. be

l Iil inill Tn May, 1882, the whole Church was invited to see what could be done. The first public meeting for

consideration of the new association was held in the office of The Woman's Exponent in the Constitution

Building. Memberships in the Association at one dollar a year per

person had been solicited; bishops

(Continued on page 308) m-th*.Our opportunities

LEADERSHIP 4- YOUTH By DR. RAY O. WYLAND N discussing our responsibilities

and our opportunities in the leadDirector of Education, National Council, of America,I ership of youth, it should be said Boy Scouts at the very beginning that our responsibilitiesWe find our areopportunitiesour opportunities.in our JhiA. Liu jojuA. sdsuwoL xkbL:

responsibilities.

In thinking of this responsibility, Jo JtdpL Bul jyjojuiJL who ajucoumL ma.,

there the definition comes to mind gives pJwfit hjj cdL that had, bsuuvL kwwsuLthat Doctor H. Findlay John

of our debt eternal. He tells us that by. JthsL sixpsLhisjnxjL x$. ihsL fia&L.

our eternal debt is the obligation that the mature generation has to pass on to the immature or the onderstanding of life, in their apprewant them to be healthy and strong.

all benefits, generation thecoming the appreciate to fine philarts, in their ciation them of want the We all cultures, traditions,all the the to practice health and of good of the value understanding osophy and skills, accomplishments and health, mental of the their in laws good them, investment about of civworld ilization. That is the only way that of their life work, and in their interhealth, and spiritual health.

the culture cumulative the of ages skills in to acquire them want events of the pretation We generation fromcan be handed in that order they civilization. be skillful of the trends may to and of the Weday is thisgeneration. our debt And their carrying vocations out and

to help the youth who succeed us avocations with a high degree, the to profit by all that mankind has highest possible degree of effectiveits inlearned experience to have wholein the ness. We other. withworld each and healthful themsome, want themattitudes—to

I think of this tremendous When to soselves, to humanity, to God, responsibility that is upon us as the ciety, to each other.

mature generation, I think how much And in reaching these objectives we need help, and if we are going to attitudes are more important, I somemeet our responsibility, it will take times think, than all the other things all our intelligence and skill and combined. For if we have not the

knowledge and all the help of the right attitude, it is very difficult to

Lord to bring into the lives of our apply the skills we may acquire or succeeding generation of youth the whatever academic knowledge we benefits that have grown up in the may have acquired and to carry out culture and civilization of mankind faithfully our responsibility as citibecause of the inspiration of the zens of this world and as boundto- spirit of the living God in the hearts be citizens of another world.

of mankind. There are no culture, We want youth to work out their

no refinement, and no social values social adjustments in life so that as on any other basis than these fundawe meet other people we may bring mental spiritual sanctions. out of them, the best that is in them

Our objectives in this effort to and they bring out the best in meet youth and help youth are these, us—that is very important, the muif I interpret them rightly: We tual exchange of mutual helpfulwant youth to be successful in their ness and inspiration—but we also

vocations, in their avocations, and want that social adjustment on the in their whole life effort and outbasis of a definite spiritual foundacome. We want them to have suction. The finer things of life growcess in life. We want youth to be out of spiritual foundations—the

useful to themselves, to their society, springs of living water that God to their Church, to their community, opens in the hearts and lives of men to the state and nation, and to the and women—and if we can lay the

world. We want them to contribute foundations of our social adjustsomething to the good of mankind ments on these spiritual foundations,

and to have the feeling that they we need have no fear as to the outhave made a better world because come of the social relations of our they have lived in it. We want wir young men and women. How much

youth to be intelligent in their uneasier it is, how much more safe,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

how much more sure when we can hands of adulthood and maturity. the experience of mankind, but we

build our social program upon a We must recognize on the other must ask them to develop their own spiritual foundation! hand that we are living in a very powers to think and to reason. We

To whom could I say this with much changing world. The world must present the facts, and we must

more intelligent appreciation than that my father lived in and grew up give them practice in analyzing to an audience of the L. D. S. in and felt that he understood was these facts and we must trust to

Church which has so perfected a an entirely different world from the their intelligence.

social program on spiritual foundaworld that I live in and that I must Joseph Smith stated this fundations with the eternal purposes of understand. I am just as sure that mental years ago: "The glory of

God in your program and in planas forceful changes have swept over God is intelligence."We must trust

ning and consecration? You have the face of this earth in the last that intelligence, and we must give

by far outdistanced any religious quarter century that have made it to youth enough understanding of group on this continent in providimpossible for it ever to return to the facts and experience of mankind ing for the entire social life with a what it was fifty years ago—I am that they will have a basis for inspiritual background and spiritual just that sure that I have no way telligently acting upon the situamotivation of all that is high and by which to foresee or imagine the tions that they will confront.

holy in the Church, and I commend conditions that my son and his son We must help our youth to find you for it. I commend you more for shall live with and cope with twenworth-while avocations. There are

this than for anything else you have tyfive, fifty, or seventyfive years so many things that youth can dodone. from now—it is utterly impossible. to pass away time. There are so

This is a changing world, and this many commercial entertainments "M"ow, there are some very definite changing world requires that there that are positively useless. They

implications in these subjects, shall be adjustments daily, hourly, may be entertaining, but they leave and if we are to carry out such a monthly, yearly, and for every decsmall permanent value. And yet

program we must help youth to ade and for every quarter century Doctor Ulrich in his Philosophy On find themselves. They must find and certainly for every century. Play, which was published after his

their own interests and their own Since it is a changing world, what death, has given us an interpretaaptitudes. There is a spark of genmust we do? We must equip youth tion of the importance of the play

ius in every human heart and mind, with the understanding of all that life, the recreational life, which aland we must help youth to find it. is basic and fundamental in the life most makes one shudder to think of

That means that we must have exthat we understand, that we live. what is involved in it. Doctor Ulploration in a wide range of interWe must give them spiritual founrich said:

ests, avocations, vocations—-in

of sothe measure want to get If youarts sciences and if and skills—in theordations and an understanding of ciety's today, achievement you want

der that youth may have the basis understand society and measure its loveto of this enrichment of understanding of culture, you will find the best index of soindividuals as are as a and wein the that whole natural world God what life, recreational in our in our play with,has surrounded us a world life. is done, the day's when work ciety,When

known and unknown, so infinite that you leave the plow and the field, when you we shall never fathom it. We are leave your work bench, when you leave

just skipping around, exploring on the office, when you leave the counter in the store, the day's and is done work whenthe edges of the great sea of the of conthe turn homeward, manner you unknown, but there is much that versation around the fireside, the dinner we have learned that we can pass table, the manner of books and magazines on to youth until they find the things on the table, the quality of them, the kind family that entertainment your you andwhich answer the hunger of their of kind the evening, out to in the go own hearts. neighbors that come in and visit with you,of

In the second place, we must help the neighbors you go out and visit, the youth to find their own powers to kind of recreational program you seek for think. Our educators today are tellthetion,weekendthe placesandyoufor go,yourthesummermusicvacathat

ing us that we have done all their you take in out of the air with your radio thinking for them and have asked and other types of investment of time and them to accept what we say as a energy and thought which answer the in reveal what your heart—they

else. than anything Thatfinality. We do not expect them to hungeryou are more

accept what we say as a finality, is the true index, for when you go out but we are not expected, in our to do the things that answer the desires of leadership of youth, to be so namyour heart you show what the desires of bypamby and so indefinite and so your heart are.

uncertain in our position on things And then Doctor Ulrich draws that are fundamental, that we mereanother conclusion after his analyly let youth drift. I am not one of sis of play, and that is that our play

those modern educators who think life is the best indication of what that generation the mature and the we are:

the the living ofChurch God and civilization of mankind have nothIf you want to know what the future of ing to pass on to modern youth. mankindtradition ofis, civilization,if you wantagainto measurelook at thethe

There is a lot that we need to pass play life of individuals and of society as on to youth. There are many things a whole.... If the result of our pleasures

that youth needs to learn at the {Concluded on page 307)

Rich Eskimo

JhsL At&uf d cl youipL who ffixsuL Pua.

qayL on. $cVl hxfrijjmdu, anxL found.

smdfiantmsmL in, dL&lanaLbuL amismtwuwL at Pwwul.

By KERRY WOOD

"It was in my mind."-L(he whole camp turned

The father was not unprepared. out to load Palleck's sleigh. He

all of catch his winter's packed on "I restlessness your noted have wife. wanted a fur, in to one case meet chanced he it is than once. the Well, more way Ralleck is "It time, surely,"his father Inni traders rare they of white had those the a young."moment. mused He "Iagreed. have to of been meaning about. the heard Then women find to are as going you away "And it, to forspeak you about Neenuk, fish, pot a and on meat packed and it is fitting wife, that give a you we ofdaughter friend our neighbor, and fire things, a cooking of and and presents that those yours be wouldis also for ready marriage."caritent, small sealskin some and I us. married here had you among his head. boy shook The shirts several breeches, and and bou tell will give a the to you women I toplayed have "Neenuk and seal boots. pairs Palknee-length of stone pots cooking lamp and some girlgether long as so boy, and we his harleck and caught wolf dogs tents, for skins clothing so and and not satisfied bewould with each to them, using keep a nessed whip will find that that the wife you know forother wife. husband and Someskin thongs the chewing from them is that family not a from you come istimes a change welcome."fighting their neighbors. from and I will give myself, niggardly. For father chuckled. The is finally ready,""All anhe knives, spears and arrows and you people talk of always young "The nounced. for your bow."son,change, the old but ones my full a stomach!"keep you "May

off his to Palleck get went So life is that here, the theknow same his fapiously, said his mother and same there. What if you and sleigh and make it ready for the jourther seconded the wish.

sled, runners whole and The well? ney. other each doNeenuk know Palleck smiled at them and cracked all, fitted built pieces of carefully was for the happier much you both!"So whip. that of precious driftwood they had his finger. waggled a fat He

shouted his father. "Remember!"travels their picked the sumup on thing, "Another Neenuk boy-—this grandmothers!""No had plastered mer before. boy Theis a smart one! clever wields a She

needle; she knows what the blade mud on the runners before the win- A shout of laughter followed the

part of a skinning knife is for; and ter came, to protect the wood from jest and with this merriment warmshe tends the cook pots with the skill wear. Chunks sometimes fell off, ing his ears the boy hustled his team

of an old woman. Truly, Palleck, and Palleck replaced these vacancies from camp. The dogs were fresh

you could marry a worse wife."now with mud he had saved for the and galloped their best, urged on by

But the young man continued to purpose. the barkings of the other teams

shake his head. "How long will you be gone?"tethered around the tents. Soon

"Something else, too,"Inni hasasked Inni, fetching the weapons he Palleck topped the rise and turned tened to add, his little eyes crinkling had promised. and raised an arm in a final farewell

with good nature; "this Neenuk is "That will depend,"countered before speeding down the far slope

good to gaze on, and she carries a Palleck. "I will go south until I towards the bleak barrens that

merry laugh all the day long. I have cross our barrens and get into the stretched beyond sight to the south.

always said that the eyes of a man hunting grounds that are beyond The panting of the dogs, the sleek are most useful when hunting, but it them. When I have reached that whisper of the sleigh runners as they

is pleasant, too, if a man's eyes find country I will surely find a trail to slid over the drifts, and the thin his wife beautiful."follow that will bring me to a camp, whine of the neverquiet wind were

Then Palleck broke in. and there I will look at the maidens the only sounds in his ears now,

"All this may be more than true, who are ready for marriage. I may and he was all alone in that white

Inni, but I have been wanting to look visit two or three camps before I wilderness. It was always white

on a new face. Neenuk is the only take a wife."below, but above, the skies were the

one in our camp who is of the mardeep blue of the Arctic night that riage age; but elsewhere, there are Inni laughed. was six months long, the dark of

maidens in plenty and I may find one "Truly I have raised a fussy son,"this vault broken only by the ripwho will delight me more."said he, poking the boy in the ribs. pling brilliance of the restless NorthInni looked at him. "See that she is fat with youth, ern Lights. The boy pushed on hap-

"So-o! You are wanting to leave Palleck, and do not look twice at pily, used to the eerie loneliness of

us, perhaps?"the skinny grandmothers!"the frozen wastes and heedless of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

"REMEMBER,"SHOUTED HIS FATHER. "NO "Ho, surely you come from farGRANDMOTHERS!"

A SHOUT OF LAUGHTER FOLLOWED THE JEST away, young stranger,"they said to

WITH THISAND MERRIMENT WARMING HIS him, noting his handmade gear andEARS THE BOY HUSTLED HIS TEAM FROM THE

CAMP. the absence of trade goods among

his belongings. "From the north

the perils that might be waiting him come you?"

in the vast, unknown country that "Ai! From far over the barrens

receded before him. to the north,"Palleck answered, and

For days he traveled across those he followed them into the main hut lifeless barrens, and the load of meat and blinked his eyes at the brilliance on his sleigh grew light, and the of the coal oil lamps that hung from frozen fish carried for the dogs the ceiling.

counted less daily until Palleck "You be rich folk,"he murmured, reached the time when he chopped and his awe pleased them and they each fish in half to make them last. proudly paraded their possessions.

Finally all the fish were gone, and Palleck saw iron cooking pots and the dogs howled hungrily when felt those gaudy woolen things they

Palleck wolfed a small portion of used for sleeping robes. He could

meat and threw them the scanty not fathom the intricate magic of scraps. Then for two days Palleck their rifles, but the sight of the metal

toiled on without a morsel passing fishhooks made his heart leap with his teeth, and the goodnatured envy.

seams in his face had tightened into "You must get these from the worry lines. But early on the third whites?"he asked.

day the dogs began to run at a "Yes. There is a trade store just

frantic pace and Palleck found himten sleeps from here down the coast."

self on the wide, trampled track of They appraised his sleek northern a caribou herd. pelts and the great bundle of prime

He put his arrows into two of the white fox skins and in their turn were big beasts before the herd stamenvious. "You should go and visit

peded, and he and the dogs fed with this trader, young man. He

richly then and lay a long time to will welcome you gladly and give sleep off the sluggishness that the you many riches in return for furs fresh meat had given their limbs. like these."

Then on again they pushed, with a "I will go,"declared Palleck, and loaded sleigh. his eyes sparkled when he conSoon after that, he found the sidered how much faster a steelshod

cleancut trail left by a steelshod sled would travel.

sled, and the dogs whined eagerly "Surely you will go, 'they laughed as they nosed the fresh scent of other at his eagerness. "Why else did you

huskies. Palleck urged them along come all this way from the north, if

the trapline, and the sight of the not to meet the white trader?"

steel traps that an unknown Eskimo Palleck raised his head then, used made the boy marvel. glancing at the maidens who were in

"This must be a rich man I am folthe place. Four fine maidens were

lowing,"he told himself, and his there with jolly round faces on them.

heart was humble when he came to But Palleck noticed the garments the camp at the end of the trail. they wore; expensive garments from

"Here is a stranger,"the camp the trade store shelves. His heart

people shouted, coming out to welsank; these people were far above

come him. him.

Palleck could not find many words "I came to find the white trader, to say at first, for the marvels he saw surely,"he answered the men, makon every side put a curb of amazeing no mention of marriage.

ment on his tongue. Each man had Later he was glad that he had held

a steelrunnered sled, and his dogs his tongue, for he watched with diswere the big, heavyboned crosses approval the work of the maidens.

that are bred in the southern parts They sewed carelessly, and when he of the barrens, with none of the lean ate from their cooking pots, he did wolfishness that stamped his own not relish the flavor of seasoning that team. The clothing of the men and clung to his tongue and made him

women, too, was not of skins, but seek the water pot.

was made of some strange substance "Ho! These girls do not know

that they called cloth, with occasionhow to cook!"he told himself, and

ally an unknown pelt, bison skin, he recalled the tasty, familiar dishes used for an outer covering. The that he had eaten from his mother's

knives they wore were not fashioned pots.

of bone, either, but glittered of steel. {Continued on page 314)

3h&. PROTESTORS OF

tendents, consecrated the new bishCHRISTENDOM op, in the presence of the Protestant clergy, about five thousand people, and the Elector.

first informed had been xiv. tidhnL QimiJtUyidwfL io thatThean congregationhonest, uprightwerebishop

nominated for them by their sovereign and his estates the clergy, in concert with and their they to express apwere called upon (RsdiywiAA. JhauqhL

proval by an Amen which was thereupon given loudly in response. In this manner

at least it was sought to comply with a

ly, bishop should in that a be elected an By JAMES L BARKER rule especially enjoined by Cyprian, nameof neighboring bishops assembly with and

Head of the Department of Modern Languages at the consent of his own congregation.13

the University of Utah, and a Member of the Gen era/ Board of the Deseret Sunday School Union Luther's theory of the Priesthood and church government proclaimed the sovereignty of the individual

Christian and of the congregation;

{ Continued Wittenberg between Bruck (the his practice tended to make himself

Elector's chancellor), Luther, and a "bishop of bishops"and made the 1526, a Hessian synod, conothers. According to Kostlin, no prince the supreme bishop in his

IN voked by the Landgrave Philip, details are known of this conferterritory, and deprived the congreadopted the draft of a constituence, but visitors were appointed gations of the power of electing tion, which provided that those and in July, "the first visitation on their own pastors.

theChristians acknowledged who in large scale place Thurintook a Luther, to According needs man 16 voluntarily enshouldword of God "visitations"gia."In these the for his visthe only Testament New...roll of themselves as members of superviitors duties the assumed that, only guidance part of and a in elect congregation,a should who of the bishops of sion the Roman its is his interpreter of and own their pastorsassembly and bishops, church. In theory, meaning. to the Roman latter, the togetherand, with that

Later instructions were preexercise of authority without anyother deputies, should constitute a general 13 synod for the national byparedLuther,by Melanchthon,and, after they approvedhad been vidualprovisionconscience,for the libertyLutherof theopposesindichurch."

This action of the Hessian synod criticized in various quarters, they the unrestricted liberty of the indiwas in conformity with the view exwere published by command of the vidual without any provision for the pressed above in the Address to the Elector as "Instructions of the Visexercise of authority. In practice,

Christian Nobility. The Peasants'itors to the Parish Priests in the this liberty was very much restrictStill later, Electorate of Saxony."the usually fored by prince who events, however, and otherWar the superintendvisitor became the preaching of "heretical"bade distrustful of the the verymade Luther

common man: "congregations of ent with the17 duty of "permanent sudoctrines, liberty of conscience bepure Christians, capable of selfpervision."ing restricted to believing as one

government, could not be found in Had the bishops in Saxony acpleased in private.

Germany at that time, and are imcepted the Lutheran doctrines, they In 1 529, Luther wrote to a friend possible in state churches where would undoubtedly have gone on Although no one is compelled to believe, their functions regular performing the one, is to other perno hand, on be cochurchmanship and citizenship to mitted the doctrine, blaspheme but he supervision. the case of This was thisincide. Luther demabandoned his give listen to reasons must arguand in in the church ScandiLutheran the Peasants'idea afterocratic If his test, ment. the grounds stand well

14 in the of navia EngChurch and If not, his good. and he must keep mouthWar."

land. these churches, In of believe in as shut both private pleases. and he what this proof democratic place In

is in in here done So it Nuremberg and the church Saxony, was suborto in the Electorcedure, Luther urged it For, is possible, Wittenberg. opwhen state. dinated to the the of regulation in thetake doctrines posing are to hand tolerated not be

church, because he says: "Your In Prussia, Luther did not hesitate under one government, that trouble may

highness is entreated and demandto consecrate a bishop. In Naumbe avoided.19

berg, the bishop, of the death on us, the pressto so byed and by do of union state church "The and in Catholic chosen a moderate was itself, therefore, asand,ing need for the accounts persecution of pap15 his successor. usual as the manner declaredsuredly Luther God."by ists, heretics, all the and and Jews; in of majority the people were The villages "all thatfurther towns and justified Reformers persecution to the with Lutheran movesympathy... to compelled keep... should be extent of exile, the deposition and."set Elector the the ment, aside and..preachers. to of the even extent death, some election of appointed one Luand 20 Luther's Elector to responded The in the as of Servetus."case ther's friends, bishop. as Amsdorf, atrequest; held conference a was

"Kostlin, Martin Luther, p. 351. Luther, assisted by three superin- "Kostlin."Cited by MartinArthur Luther,C. McGiffert,p. 521.Martin Luther, The

"Schaff, History of the Christian Church, vol. VI, Man and His Work, p. 320.

p. 538. "Kostlin, Martin Luther, p. 516. 20Schaff, Historg of the Christian Church, vol. VI,

"Cited in Kostlin, Martin Luther, p. 353. 17Kostlin, Martin Luther, p. 366. p. 546.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

HPhe Roman church attempted to pulsory tithing and, though effective In his later years, he (Luther) became conservative a churchman. and more more raising not further funds, it did unity maintain Luin by force. of the doctrine the mystic He repudiated character, Christian of division. growth andther's to endless theory led spirit, insisted inner on submisand word

The French bishop Bossuet pointed was without spiritual value. sion to the written letter of the scriptures,

this out in the half century followIn the early Church, the payment even when it flatly contradicted reason. He

ing Luther's death. A recent writer of tithing was voluntary. It was motracedthe rebelliousthe errorspeasants,of the Zwickauthe Anabaptists,prophets,

says: tivated by the love of God and man and the radical views of Carlstadt and

If you have no profession, who are you? and, by paying tithing, the ChrisZwingli, without proper discrimination, to

What society do you form? Why do you tian grew in power to love and presumptuous inroads of the human reason

feared of faith, the fromexist? profession and domain promulgate a if you And sacrifices, the into by exercising make

... religion. it if of the faith, overthrow with authemof to impose Much wish you already had. love he Any church gift of as precious reason in as a valued spite he resistancethority of the and on me

of my conscience, how are you still a needs money, but the means emGod in matters of this world, he abused it violence, unreasonable withProtestant? when do that is any do you ployed deit should to raise revenue What dared24

faith. to matters sit in of judgment over does,different Catholicism from that which character, increase unselfishvelop

whichand against you say Luther and ness, and be conducive to the spirto revolt?21 did wellCalvin

The exercise of authority and the itualcontributesgrowthtoof thethe supportindividualof whothe toldOnthethemultitudeday of Pentecost,that Jesus Peterwas recindividual of thefreedom were Christ; the seen the had Twelve tithing church. of the voluntary The

in early Christian church. theonciled in risen Savior spoken and had just early the did this; the prinChurch

theirPhillip reconregards Schaff gift given which had been ciple to return until retongues, not was ciliation of greatest as the problem the of outpouring the with them revelation. stored by early thechurch government. After the Savior Ghost comhad Holy pretend, did not like the Luther

to theychurch not be reconwere for beto before wait them manded prophets, Zwickau to have any new untilciled restoration of the again their ministry. Peter ginning revelation. And immediate relied and He in nineteenth early thethe Gospel the obey, should promised scriptures all who to according which on the

century. testified gift, Apostles for the same interevery Christian is free to him

Luther desired that the congrealso. 25 testifies the Holy pret. Ghost and scripHowever, the he thought

gation should have a part in the tures subject to but one correct inThus knowledge of the truth of the services and should not be merely terpretation. Luther believed in the message could be had, not just from

passive. Accordingly he wrote "abiding presence of the Holy Spirthe authority of the Twelve or of

hymns and introduced congregationit upon earth, to lead believers into the Old Testament or of both toal singing. as this contribuGreat

is, it is,tion nevertheless in comallforetruth,"logically(Johnthere14:17,could 18)be butthereone perience.gether, butSuchas a experiencematter of directwas exthe

parison with the participation of the interpretation of the scriptures, but distinguishing mark or note by congregation in the early Church Luther, Calvin, Zwingli, and other which men might know the truth, and in the Church today, very reformers disagreed concerning the the Lord's way of authenticating slight. sacrament and other matters and in His Gospel message. For this mark,

The Roman church derived revno church is there such a diversity the Roman church substituted four sources. variousenue from One catholicity, sanctity, unity, marks: in of opinion as the Lutheran church

source been which had was tithing apostolicity; two: 26 and Luther, today. church, with The one and Roman

efficient compulsory. Anothermade correct the the administration of to authoritatively speak matman on

means employed by the Roman ters pertaining to doctrine and with sacraments, and the preaching of church to raise funds was the sale force to compel acceptance, could the pure doctrine. Both left the inof indulgences to the living and the have assured unanimity. In the dividual dependent on authority,

saying of masses for the repose of primitive Church, oneness was seone of the church, and the other of souls thethe of dead. masses Such the scriptures, neglected both and gift cured the of the spirit by promrich productive, since a verywere gift of experience the of the all ised mark "to better obey."This who his could wealth take notman who Spirit, of experito appeal the The of assuring unity given way was

still it for couldwith himuse him until ence to not again be to was again made the presentday Church.

self in for paying advance massby of the the Restoration Gospel. role to did ascribe Luther What his soul. thees for of repose reason and to the Spirit in interpretfor catechisms Luther wrote two of the the repose and Both masses ing the scripture? "The Reformasoul together with indulgences the Apology appealed and

.. tion. allows, therefore,

Confession, selfishnessoftener the to to man's a much these,and Augsburg than were for wider the exercise scope of reahis love "accepted of his neighbor, as standards of the Luthhence any in 27 religion son than the Romaneffect doctrine."eran they deon the have had may church, requires unconditionwhich character ofvelopment negawas

infallible to her al submission auresponsibil- for stood the Luthertive. 22 In for the opposing masses thority.""It real a progress, marks ity rights individual the the of and indulgences,dead Luther deand

is this but perfectly progress conindividual the conscience, of andprived the of church Lutheran an sistent belief in with revelation a on this risk at the did of he imminent itimportant of revenue, source and subjects the which lie beyond bounlife. his of the Protestant moveOut find to necessary otherbecame some

means of assuring church support. dary of time and sense. What do ment were to come liberty of conwe know of the creation and the science and political freedom. InLuther thought it the duty of the

of the future, world except died, 1 583, he one of the great benetostate what23 support the church by taxto reveal chosen to us?"God has factors of mankind.ation. principle, In in addition to

the of principle is ruled "Catholicism authorbysubordinating the to church the ity, Protestantism the principle 24 Schaff, of by freedom."History of the Christian Church, vol.

differstate, this did not from Philip a comthe of Schaff, History Christian Church, vol. VI. p. 31.

aA. Sabatier, Journal de Geneve, du 5 mai 1896, in VI.Schaff,p. 5. History of the Christian Church, vol. Acts2The CatholicV. Encyclopedia, Vol. Ill, p. 758.

Mourret, Renaissance et Reformation, p. 350. VI. p. 29. 27Qualben, History of the Christian Church, p. 265.

jh, NATIVE BLOOD ALBERT R. LYMAN horsefrom beyondwith a Santareputation,Fe. Thethe horseNavin Down pink of FAR: to the in along THUS keep him STORY still their limit animated of the wad,THE ajos backed the bay mare's colt to the the land where the Navajos, of condition. she led of vivid memories with how Valley great, shapes weird Monument of imposing not blue horse was The line before. the over a month the Southwest, skyline the punctuate of

Yoinsnez and his son and his daughter, in appearance, but they said he ate Suspense gripped the crowd

Eltceesie, lived in a hogan, neighboring distance at a terrific rate and was while the riders jockeyed for a little dehis Peejo. son, But Husteele and looked of cast iron. Yoinsnez made

all in other things neighborliness their spite fearfully. carefully, him over He start.had mountedYoinsnezan andold hishogandaughtercombitter the rivalry between there a grew two for the capture of a phantom horse—was built like Tillego but he showed manding a line across the outcome,

Beleh thlizhen {blackhorse)—a stallion of better care. And Joe Pane, the and the Badger was opposite them

fullgrown that appeared type Arabian to run fellow come had on young who truck. in the a back of When the line, the UtahArizona on Huskaniny Mesa if claims half the made with Begay, start, to a suppressed race seemed all his capture, for efforts defied and which

whether of trickery, stealth, or force. As for him were true, was already gasp of excitement eased off as they

the occupants of each hogan would attempt winner. The old man's fears clung turned back to try again.

other the the capture, his occupants of like fever, Eltceesie's warning had a rivals to see wait lie in if their were would enthusiasm deeper than all the sunk ing the dread successful. however, Suddenly, Theyforward—thewere coming!little jockeyBegay fairlyleaninfluenza struck the hogan of Yoinsnez, of ignorance. lying on the blue horse's mane. The

crushing the life from his son and prosBesides the local advertising of blue seemed to be getting ahead rivals all their others. were trating While in effort a Badger's the event, the and he was ahead ahead—surely Peejo sought stricken, so and field his fast horse and to find wider distance covered. third of the a to without capture again HusteeleBlackhorse—but

success. Then the devastating plague vishis fast man, had brought a long They skimmed forward with flying

later, states. distant cars Husteele. days string ited the of from Ten hogan of feet, neither gaining an inch—both strength gained had finally after Yoinsnez out startling report gone had The fiercely. cutting whips

rival, visit his to only neighbor and enough nation that the put had up Navajo with gazed drawn Everybody alive. YoinPeejo elevenyear-old was still

\snez took the boy to his own roof and its fastest man and its fastest horse breath. Yoinsnez stood frozen to

cared for him. He also took Husteele's against anything on the outside, his perch on the hogan, his muddy

mingled herds horses them with and and life's his staked had and a Navajo teeth his long showing eyes fixed,

Husteele's hoburned his own, and down store against a white earnings man's lips. his shepparted between The epiin to blot dread out the effort an gan

demic. Yoinsnez's first feeling of compason the outcome. The race was to herdess half clung to his arm, her

sion soon, however, turned to rising resentbe run in the famous Monument face a brown cast of hope and fear.

distrust bitter Peejo seemed when ment and unique the Valley, remote most and his delight bellowed Badger The tell his father, all that to reluctant and he its in the track of kind United in to for all the reservation tones Blackhorse. Belearned Husteele, of had

fore an adequate period of convalescence, States. It was worth seeing; sporthear, "We've got 'em, youbetcherPeejo and Eltceesie were out caring for ing people and tourists drove hunlife!"But he checked himself in

rival as a for Eltceesie's sheep, the and of miles to be there. fadreds alarm, vain Begay, there Natawney vor came itself hoarse howled crowd The creeping tribe's big medicine the son of favored and forup—up.the brown horse was

man. In boyish physical conflicts he bested over the daring horsemanship of the Then pent feelings burst from a

contest, cash chickenpull Yoinsnez's open Peejo. apand the sickworn the flew throats as the horses thousand

attentions widened Begay's proval of in the the register separating machine line, the across the blue a neck Peejo, and, and Yoinsnez between breach busiof account glowing gave a that told Yoinsnez ahead. to anger, Peejo driven

felt unhad Badger no The until Blackhorse he ness. never find he would Yoinsnez sank in a heap, jerked till disfor horses easiness the race the he sheep and to Peejo returned had

taken from his father's corral, and then covered that Tillego was to run. his disordered turban from his head,

stiff fingers into his old thrust lengthened had disappeared. and Months Peejo mysterious Tillego, mare's the bay returned from home into years Begay when hair. his of tangle gray shepThe to crippled colt be supposed brown to a in celebration Mexico a New her herdess around him threw arm instead, seen but which, dead, had or having Yoinsnez of brooding Peejo—tell

his soothingly, shook only he but son a adopted the of Peejo, now a new sight carefully out for of kept been in despair. muttered that head and word man, white wealthy who the occasion. looked brown He of the day back some come he would from angry Catching an murmur sentday—a hair his colt scratched red over and "will in Yoinsnez Peejo which for triumph slid seething she the crowd, down

to help meditatively. belly beg his and me on crawl

him."Then there came further to plague The races began at two o'clock. from the hogan and pushed her way

set them. out white life among a burly man who Yoinsnez's long, track, half mile a had The post, operated trading questionable a up had been bounding Badger The cleared through smoothed been and principles, finally and who gambling on

like a jumpingjack, whiparound into of the desert, the scrubby brush a bet Yoinsnez reluctant and the goaded for high stakes on a horse race and a foot the two horses pranced and fidgeted ping his wide hat back and forth but which won, the race, Navajos which like his a delight broadcasting and starting their to the down way another race on to be bait for merely proved fellow but wild man, had a young light his carried point. Blueblazes stakes. with higher authoritarather to him stepped up a than jockey, hundred no more

Chapter VII pounds, while Tillego carried Begay, tively and put a hand on his a bundle of power weighing at least shoulder.

.he Nahohi drew a big half as much more. "Hey, you!"he called, bringing crowd. Aztruck from somewhere beThe crowd, in cars, on horses, the wild man back to earth as Eltyond Santa Fe had brought a blue and afoot, formed heavy banks ceesie got within hearing, "Did

horse. They called him Blueblazes, along the track, and people from Yoinsnez bet a Navajo horse would

and a special veterinarian had come the outside offered their cash on the win this race?"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939 "Youbetcherlife!"swore the red- W,ith tightlyclosed jaw eyes opened wide, and his jaw sagheaded storeman, in quick defense and square, dogged face, the young ged with alarm and then with interof his impregnable position. fellow studied the Badger's reacest—the blue horse was the white

"And did you bet a Navajo horse tion. Eltceesie had fought her way mare's colt!

wouldn't win?"the bold stranger to his side and stood listening in "Yaw de law!"he sighed, releasdemanded. astonishment. It was really Peejo, ing a long breath in sweet anticipa-

"That's it exactly; plenty of good after all these years, and as the postion, "Have Peejo come to me."

witnesses."sible import of his words filtered into "He won't come. He says if ever

"Then Yoinsnez wins,"affirmed her dazed understanding, she reachyou see him you must go where the stranger, "for that blue horse is ed with fitful impulse for his hand. he is."

a Navajo.""Peejo!"she gasped. "A law!"he grunted in quick reexcited recognition of Her knitting this sentment, his brow, heavy the of here with "Get h—out the bold storeman gave meddler belly wants to crawl on "He me my bristled story!"cockand-bullyour

fears unseen, of dangers I and new him. to won't!"

fists. his clenchingthe Badger, in alarm. he paused him,"see the shepmust "You

"Hold on!"the young fellow orPeejo gripped her hand and lookherdess insisted; "he can save the

dered in tones, expecting no refusal, ed her steadily in the face, but his sheep."

and then the Badger became aware lips were as rigid as the face of an "I will never, never crawl after of an older man, massive in size, image. him. If Blueblazes is the white

whom some one was addressing as "Come over and see father,"she mare's colt, I can save the sheep "Colonel,"standing at the young found composure to say. myself,"he declared stubbornly.

stranger's back. "No. If your father sees me, he "You can't prove it—he can,"the

Having checked the outburst, the will come here,"and his jaw closed girl contended impatiently. "The

young fellow proceeded, looking unwith sharp finality. Badger will only laugh at all you

afraid from under level brows, Sensing the peril of their predicacan say about it."

"Yoinsnez sold the blue horse's ment and frantic to grasp at any He saw the futility of challenging mother, a white mare, to Jim Hadpromise of escape, she began workher position, and he wanted to yield, ley right here seven years ago, and ing her way back through the exbut he encountered his years of

Hadley sold her and the blue colt cited mass of humanity. Her report stubbornness inflamed by Peejo's

to Bill Levers three months later. I that Peejo was in the crowd, startled reported prediction.

followed that horse all the way her distressed old father; his muddy "Come on!"she urged determinfrom Texas to see this race. I can edly. "He'll be lost in the crowd,"

FORCOMING! LEANING BEGAY WEREprove it."THEY

LITTLE JOCKEY LYING FAIRLY ON and taking his hand she led him, WARD—THE

"He can sure prove it,"affirmed THEBE GETTINGBLUE'S AHEAD—MANE. THE BLUE SEEMED TO half protesting, away.the big man, in a voice not to be This illustration is from a sketch in water colors by When they reached the place,

reservation, Lee, cowboy on the gone.disregarded, Peejo was

a tradrunning the now "He wouldn't be talkin'Buckand and artist,W-L bornguestranch if 'e couldn't."within Valley. ing post be Continued) Monument ( To

THE ARTIST YESTERYEAR MOTHER OF MINE

By Leone E. McCune By Ova Haven Barlow By Howard F. Johnson

pallet in her with brush and May, I in house; a log born was be,Sweet of mine, I would a sculptor Mother OH, hand, It with chinked and wood; was mud toilworn chisel might out thy That I

the face of gaily changing comeHas I small house; in a born the Oh, was hands

land; I good. mother a figure But had in thy prayer, as weary Clasped

skies, theFirst leaden as she saw bowed,

I eyes; babies'ridge blue as sand painted reared them a onShe Oh, was jostling, lifelike, hurrying the that So

full free, that task pleasant done, the wasThen, and when swept wind Where crowd golden I the white a cool sun lands the wheat made overShe romped one; And lands, idlers, far toilers, peoples from Of

green, that she used paint next liberty. was aThe and dog With see in in pausing and wonder, pause Might

brilliance fields gleam, with meadows,Now, living the eyes, teardimmed upon Through I trained a as farm hand was Oh, all that remained, colors theWith stone hard; labored a dad With who wild, flowers, untamed! paintedShe will there: four carven words "Thy These rooftree skies or under But

. done."be I listened to his word.

I'd sing bard, of mine, I a were Mother DAWN with I'm dad own now my of divine, praise in verse in words lads; Thy in living the town; are McBride Davis Delsa ButWe By fire,

lands, no wheat have And my lads all holy Till the the chant would world buttercup, yellowLittle to cheeks brown. winds make Nor strain see the dawn! and Waken

again, forth swelling out and rolling Which, I of think shining boyhood, sun isThe when from the sky; And

still, higher, higher mounting and ever And I is that share might I wish on the lawn. dewThe

The birds are pouring forth their song, With all my lads in their young days Would cause the very gates of Heaven to ring; all the world is gay; The riches I had there.And

fall and rise, the concord Until would sweet little buttercup, up,Wake hills of Paradise. from the echo And day!Here's another

Mother of mine, though worn thy face, and

PANSIES Werelined,I an artist, I would make that face,

By Edna S. Dustin TillSo beauteousangels, lookingand saintlydownpure,fromimmortalheaven's

portal, find petals of her earth the doesWhere left her that fain believe one had Would gold place face, soft as baby's aAs host, to mankind; the seraph cheer Among daintily applique, sewed purpleWith the the of years ever pathway down And fine jet lace? of embroideryWith pain gentle banish face and would Thy

I wonder wonder—I tears.

Their pattern was cut by the south wind, of mine, these since can be, none of Mother sunset's mould. of theOut

all gladly burdens thy I'll bear the way; chiffon, fine of velvet a textureAs

In yardage has never been sold. Then, if there comes a time when but the

O, wonder! O, wonder! shrine

Of thy fond memory, O Mothermine,

Alone remains, 'twill guide me, day by day,

I AM A MOTHER To thatfor meFair Land, where thou wilt wait

By Genevieve L. Barnes Then when for me God's dawn breaks,

Mothermine, AM a Mother. I stand at the crossroads The first glad voice of welcome will be

I of life with a straight back and a strong thine.

arm, and guide my children along the slippery path.

I have stood here days, months, and SUMMER'S WITCHERY years, with a straight back and a strong (Photo by Jeano Orlando) By Cora May Preble stumbling kept fromarm, and my children lane the drift along petals snowy it takes shoulders. Sometimes theon muddy When

leafy used once lane where we The touch gentle usuallystrength, and A HOUSEWIFE'S PRAYER but just a to roam Bertha Smith smile. By pulled understanding I havean

sapphire dome, heaven is a shining Polk When after put them on up, time time, andthem little the things wistful heart sudden, contracts with love common My path.the trodden

pain. day; every I That make my

My back is bent and my arm is weak. The sun across my fresh scrubbed floor, In memory I take the trail again

Shall I fail them? My strength is going The way my curtains sway; That leads beside the meadow's newplough-

fast. The snowy clothes my hands have washed Afar,edI loam.catch a glimpse of silver foam

I straighten up and look around. My chilIn fragrant order piled, That tops the emerald sea... while petal

dren are going joyously on. They have A jumpingjack tossed on the chair rain

found their road to happiness, and as I At which the baby smiled;

Falls softly, cheek, brushing on gendy my far I see ahead, peer eyesshade and my in pan, cooling the cookies Brown flowering mingled sweet with meadows And at crossroads the with a standingone all a-shine, glasses My scents guiding strongstraight arm, a and back all things the of home And common thrill to joys Bring and thousand back a path. the along children rockyher for I love, mine. are they

sear.

My back is bent and my arm is weak, When I shall reach my Heavenly home It seems that I can almost hear you speak but my work is done. I can sit in the If there is one to spare, Can feel your soft caress.... Each year

shade and rest. Surely the back is prepared Just save a little corner, Lord, invents

for the burden. And let me keep house there. Some newlypainted art to haunt me here.

VJ WRITERS

PATTERN FOR A SONG THE AWAKENING

a song, me O Beloved,Make promised you (You would, you know) M"DurningMeet atlipssunsetof earthunexpressed.and sky

One in which truth is recorded, Velvety darkness succeeds the embrace;

And thus would I like it to go: Night unfurls.

Make me a song of childish joy The moon shines cold and drear,

A song that is merry and glad; Giving the night a ghostly air.

And then, as the skies are in April, Filled with magic paleness,

Put in some notes that are sad. Dawn appears.

of abandon, song a meMake earth, the Awakening rosy dawn free, and Carelessly happy scarlet Splashes across the world.

it seriousness thoughtful with shadeBut lips painted kissed are Her with dew, of anxiety. a share And fade, sunlight rules Then and supreme.

Make me a song of great mightiness—Ellen Tolboe, Age 17.

A song of strength and powerlest this fearsome bold movement But, grow, INADEQUACY flower. it with grace of a Blend

Make me a song of luxury, (trphe blessedness of tears,"I hear them

Of lazy, indolent ease, say, And yet make it soothing and restful (More pointedly since you are gone away)

As the summer night wind in the trees. And friendly arms are waiting to embrace

Make me a song of vigor Me, comforting, if there should be a trace

One brave and gloriously strong Of tears in my eyes.

But touch it, I pray, with tenderness Tears are for little storms that clear away

Make a gentle and kindly song I In just a while, and make the coming day

And make me a song of promise More beautiful. You thought them useless

And dreams that soar high above though, of ask would Nor them now, you me I knowInto me Heaven—make

so, cry. not I do And faith, love. prayer, of and song A

fill If tears this could emptiness I mights it as I wish a song makeThus me things small this Such cannot ease sorrow

Joy, dreams, yes, and a bit of strife quite.

it,For, however make you Beloved,—Ouida D. Johns, Age 20.

life! of a song Oh, make me—Lael Woolsey, Age 18.

RAIN is like a lover SAGE The rain south, Riding from the in the early light Gray Astride a steed lightning wings,. with It stands,

Stiff against the To kiss the earth's soft mouth.

Desert sands; The rain is like a maiden,

Green it unbends at Smoothing an old man's cheek,,

The noon, Laughing away all sorrow,

Pungent, warm, Gentle, sweet, and meek.

Resplendent bloom; The rain is like a newborn babe,

Purple in the shade *yji& Fresh and pure and clean.

Of day, She smiles at kindly nature's gifts, the As twilight >**<8r And laughs—Elainewith laughterStevens,keen.Age 14. Slips away;

Silver, shimmering in The night, LIFE Serene and calm in moonlight. Pale

the kind thing do you When Hawkins,—Evelyn LIFE is like a flower: Age 17. Its petals unfold.

see, that So can God SPRING But when you do the unkind thing

CAUGHT a glimpse of spring, poised light Its petals wither

I As a humming bird So that an unhappy story is told.'Twixt day and dawn,—Marvin Boyec, Age 12.

Light as a humming bird mmm In flight, and she PETER PAN gone.Was

his played pipes in the garden, droppedShe her mantle on the grass.

lilting tune; rainbow HE A it twinkleI saw

the their poppies raised And heads gypsy fairFragile,

As mist. But when I stooped And laughed at the silver moon.

To touch; it was His song was shining crystal,

Not there. And never a breeze came by,

I heard her singing in the night And a tiny bird flew out of the hedge

Like an oriole, Flew up and away to the sky.

Like a lark. Dreaming through the starlight,.

But the song was somehow lost The tired branches slept,

Out in the wind But brokenhearted Peter Pan

And dark.—Joan Allced, Age 12. Laid down his—Aftonpipes andClegg,wept.Age 18.

FUN IN THE BACKYARD TREE OF LIBERTY THE LOG OF A LAME DUCK (Audrey A. Macmillan Brown, Company, (Arthur Lawson, Crowell Company, (Elizabeth Page. Farrar and Rinehart,

1939. pages. York, $2.00.) 292 1938. York, 208 pages. New 1939. York. $3.00.) New 973 pages. $2.00.) New

this to most unusual Foreword the Tn lax all the season "Cor the summer when in Virginia at the the time of "Deginning * book, on Tweedsmuir Lady comments is family for crying * to something and do *-* young the George and Washington the ability poetic the of to author us make the don't parents the to family want wander still this Jefferson, younger novel Thomas the see constructive doctors done work by too far afield, this will a welprove book traces the of beginning the Revolutionary for the nurses crippled and children who to addition the family come for bookshelf, it that causes inevitable which made Amerresided in the of on House Good Hope it in are helpful for suggestions many ica proclaim her of independence Great Island, British Vancouver Columbia. Wavactivities. family assures author us The its Britain. important history than More ill flag jaunty ing the in of a winds bad that not need tremendous do we any amount its past, is the of for import the however, health, indeed has Miss Brown an done of in space to order able to be enjoy "Fun of future In of the democracy. one words difficult in task exceedingly her making in the Backyard."author picked has The of the the the of Tories author day, has the see their children readers with courage basic out from games other which games all the feel of that put ideas democwho it their spite of great handicaps. This have developed, been has given standard fail: racy people cannot must "The this to reviewer be inseems should a be must rules for of them, his rules some and own to that trusted sacrifices the power make all for thoughtful /. C. book people.—M. for others that apparently not have been demands."

then made. pertinent he makes a And it with as the written book, This was LET THINK ME "If statement: for rules these reason any its in truth as Revolution has background, Overstreet. (H. A. Macmillan Company, fit don't peculiar conditions, your ahead go if it is that recall for to well us today York. pages. 60c.) 1939. 106 New and them. But to change be sure do to endure. are and democracy it America

start before during!"you to play—not

of the included games Some are: horseWhentendencyweto lookfeel thatto theall past,things wewerehaveeasya Macmillanwith the CompanyAmerican hasAssociationcooperatedfor

quoits, shoes ball, tenpin tether and games, in the Adult publication Education of to accomplish. are Through this book we

tennis the badminton, games, croquet famtwelve six during books 1939, of are difficulties which to led the see great under which ily, the target shuffleboard group, games, this projected six spring being and which tree liberty are the of and took root, we chapters include helppeg. Other mumble this fall. published be books These that to understand have will taught the joy we

ful instructions for group games, will sold inexpensively will conbe It and its shelter sitting quiet in today. under would

games, and how to make people play. have a tendency to make us feel that we tribute to broadening the general under-

k—M.C.]. should be willing to treasure it beyond life standing of those who read them.

REACHING FOR THE STARS itself,those notwho onlyare forto comeourselvesafterbutandalsocarryfor professorIn this offirstpsychologypublication,andDr.philosophyOverstreet,at

(Nora Wain, Little, Brown, and forward our fine kind of government. the College of the City of New York, has

Company, Boston, 1939. 380 pages. m. c j. presented another of his inimitable stud-

$3.00.) ies. Using an easily understood example,

REMEMBER THE END Dr. Overstreet proceeds to let us see the

capacities the of dealing marvelous of mind man. this with Nazi book Germany Turnbull, Sligh Macmillan (Agnes IN chapter indicative titles are the of The years the the 19341938, during when York, 1938. Company, New

qualities in the provocative book: in Our lived author she has preGermany, pages. $2.50.) 468

sented a fair picture of the conditions in ManyPowered Minds; We Let the World

that country. She comments on the very This story of a young boy who came In; We Take the World in Hand; If At lovable qualities of the German people fresh from the hills of Scotland to First You Do Succeed, Try Again; We

and some of the admirable qualities in their America to make his fortune and win his Watch How Things Work; The Mind As

leader. In fact, as one reads the book, he bride makes delightful reading. Alex Mc- A Weapon; The Mind As Artist; The

cannot help feeling impressed with the Tay, who has a natural flair for business, Mind As Giver of Help; We Check Up

statement that President Wilson made when isn't quite so clever in adjusting his home On Our Minds; We Make Things In Our

he declared war in 1918 that we must not life, in spite of the very great love which Image; Keeping Mentally Alive; Achievfight against the German people, who are he bears for his wife. The story of his ing Mental Mastery.

fine and upstanding, but that we must success in his coal mining industry, of his Investigate this series both for the value oppose any doctrine that is coercive and strangling his fine poetic nature in his to yourselves and to the groups in the refuses to permit all people the right to eagerness to achieve success, will serve to Church or community among which you exercise free agency. M. C. J. bring the message "Remember the End"to are called to work. M. C. J.

all who would eliminate the finer things

SELF YOU HAVE ESCAPE TO PERSIA of life.—M. C. J. THE TO LIVE WITH

(Katherine Hull and Pamela Whitlock. (Winfred Rhoades. J. B. Lippincott

Macmillan Company, Philadelphia. 1938. New York. MY PRAYER Company, $2.00.) 1939. 274 pages. 182 pages. $1.75.)

By Deon Netheccott Interesting to adults from the fact that Several of these chapters appeared originally girls, sixteen, fifteen these have back,"and and in Forum in The "come Mental me O God, writLet earlier fortunately ten this book, Distant and preand one have been Far that is free and clear Hygiene, a mind With

Oxus, without any suggestions from adults, From the failures of yesterday served for many readers within the covers fascinating to young people because the And remorse for yesteryear. of this book. In the first chapter, "Creating

book is so much a story of what these the Self You Have to Live With,"the people would themselves like to do, Escape Fill me with inspiration; author states that we can conquer characTo Persia, definitely adds to the zest for Make mind and body whole. teristics which make us and those with

living among those of ten to fourteen. Their O God, I've faith that you will think whom we live unhappy, if only we will

wholesome fun with little need for money That I have paid the toll. unite ourselves with the creative force

makes this a particularly stimulating book within us and about us. In "Learning How

nowadays when we tend to place too much Let not the thought of war and strife to Live,"Miss Rhoades tells us that we emphasis on what people have, rather than Cloud my vision. I wish to write must never settle down in tranquility if we

on what they are. In this book, the youngOf the things that raise man upwould progress. In this same chapter, the

sters carry on their adventure quite indeUp to the loftiest height. author states that one chief cause of hupendent of the adventure that they had in man mistake and misery lies in the amount

their previous book. Their sense of freedom Let me pause-—and forget that sorrow of unfinished thinking there is in the world.

and of joy at building their own fun is Rides wild and free. It can wait. The book should be conducive to better

wholesome and should be conducive of This prayer is filling my soul tonight: living.—M. C. J.

like play for others of their ages. M. C. J. "Please help me, O God, to create!"(Continued on page 292)

loimOti JOSEPH F. SMITH TO WARDS FROM NEBO STAKE PUBLICATION FEATURES

TOUR FOREIGN MISSIONS ADDED TO TINTIC WORK OF NEW ZEALAND

A ppointment of Elder Joseph Field- A transfer of wards from the Nebo MISSION"the of Council ing Smith of the ** a acquaintance with my first Stake Sunday, April 2, added 1500 **J had tour a of European to makeTwelve little last week in the Mormon population to the diminished members missions this summer has been anof the Tintic Stake, a situation brought printing office in the basement of the

First the Presidency. Eldernounced by the of Christ chapel of Church Jesus conditions. unfavorable mining by plans itinerary the includeSmith's anon in Saints of Latterday Upper Queen First Santaquin and Second and Wards presidents'mission conference,nual Street, writes R. Aukland,"a Mr.

Presto Tintic. went Genola Ward 1 1 in for Switzerland;scheduled June in the Zealand Maitland Ob New

Birch, served F. ident has E. who the ofconferences and East German his In for 5, 1939. in server January

Netherlands Missions; and dedication his capacity for 22 years, and second fullpage, illustrated article, Mr.

of a new chapel in Sheffield, England, counselor Thomas E. Chatwin were Maitland presents a fairly complete

as part of the British Mission conferhonorably released. First counselor picture of Church activities in New

ence. Accompanied by Sister Jessie George N. Finch was recently acciZealand, paying particular attention to

Evans Smith, he left Salt Lake City, dentally killed. The following were the missionary organization and the

April 21, and will be gone several named to the presidency of the reorprinciple of the Word of Wisdom, and months. ganized Tintic Stake: Bishop D. concluding with the comment: "And

Greenhalgh, president; Glen A. Rowe so the process of missioning and conWASHINGTON, D. C. SIXTH and Carl Patten, counselors, and Melversion goes on in New Zealand, quietNATIONAL FOLK FESTIVAL vin Openshaw, clerk. Elder Melvin ly, unobtrusively, prompted by a deep

'T'he Washington Chapel choir, aug- J. Ballard directed the change as part and unswerving faith...."

mented to a hundred singers, conof quarterly conference proceedings. {Continued on page 290)

tributed pioneer hymns and a handcart trek in costume as the concluding feature of the Sixth National Folk Festival which brought representatives from thirtysix different states together in a review of the American heritage of song and dance. The party sang "The

Spirit of God Like a Fire is Burning,""Gently Raise the Sacred Strain,""Though Deepening Trials,""Come, "What Are the Marching Orders Today?"

MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME

ARRIVED MARCH 20, 1939—DEPARTED MARCH 30, 1939

Left to right, first row: Stanley Murdock, Alva E. Thatcher, Sewell Porter, Helen Hughes, Lucy Ann

Vaughn, James Distefano, Marcel Anderson, Oleen Jones.

Second row: Lloyd Christensen, Carl L. Taylor, President Don B. Colton, Margaret J. Little, Sister Don

B. Colton, Mae Sorenson, Merrill D. Hubbard, Melvin D. Christensen, George King.

Third row: George Patterson, Parley T. Swainstone, Frank McClure, Ernest D. Hansen, Robert Pearce,

TWO MEMBERS OF THE "MORMON PIONEER Dee R.FourthPackard,row: 0'RyanHermanGull,Blamires,Claude RichardPomeroy.J. Pettit, Rex L. Pond, Alfred Buxton, Raymond Crane, William

GROUP"WHO SANG AT THE CONSTITUTION D. Hollist, Keith P. Bodily, Howard Woffinden.

HALL IN THE NATION'S CAPITOL, APRIL 29. Fifth row: Mark Hatch, Oliver Liechty, Donald Evans, Mar Dale Hutchins, John I. Walker, Ray D. Jorgensen.

Come, Ye Saints."The committee in MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME

charge included Zina Lambert Willey, ARRIVED APRIL 10, 1939—DEPARTED APRIL 20, 1939

first right, Maurine Richardson, Petty, Left to Glenda row: Robert Skidmore, Barbara M. Wilson, Amy therepresenting Daughters

Peterson, of the Utah Gonzalez, Farr, Calder. Loveday Hazel Mrs. Minnie Ace

SterlingPioneers, D. Wheelwright, J. Erikson, Bosshardt, row: Second Beth Brown, Colton, Pearce, President Jennie Don. Milo B. Ruth B.

Jones, Janet Hair, Orlo Brewster. Goodrich, Albert Marion Vern director Chapel organandWashington Rae

row: Third Elwood L. Hardy, Nell Donald Mabey, Schaerrer, Mrs. Margaret Loveday Williamson, Hannah

ist, Iris Parrish and Brown, Wayne Taylor, Tresa Clark, Barker. Andesen Wesley Kenneth Vee

Tingey, row: Bradeson, Fourth Bartlett, Butikofer, Oscarson, Stuart Harold Jay Barbara H. Gladys W.representing Society. State the Utah

Croft. Henry M. taken at last McEntire,[The above picture was Evertsen, Harrison, Blaine row: Jack Parry Fifth Ross Jay Taylor, J. Lauper, Clyde Anderson, Ralph W.

Ivan Meservy. C. Worthington, Oliver K. festivalyear's and shows Carolyn CotLunceford,

Sixth Loyal row: Johnson, Hansen, Maxwell Loy M. Jensen, Ephraim Pectrol, Brandon Longhurst, Elmer R.

of Dr.tam, daughter Clarence and Mrs. Child. Perry, Clyde

Cottam, and Gordon Thomas, son of C. EldonSeventhBitter,row:CalberGeraldEdwardJohnson,Bingham,RichardWm.D. H.Olsen,DaleboutL. R. Layton, G. Sterling Shurtleff, Arthur E. Babbel,Mr. and Mrs. Edwin M. Thomas.] Eighth row: Harry Neibuhr, Ben G. Leatham, Ray Halverson, Richard J. Stromness, John Wells.

fijcUitfriaL

siderably more energy in guarding those who have

JhsL (tfhi&fiBAeJL been born into the Church, who have the protectVS7e have paid our respects to many varieties of ing cloak of truth already wrapped about them.

Sometimes through carelessness and even wilfulhuman ills, but there is one brand of cankeiiny ness, they drop the cloak from their shoulders and practice, not peculiar to any time or place, that are left unprotected from the storms which are causes our thoughts to rise in eloquent protest, if sweeping the world today.

not our words. We have reference to that brand of The responsibility must of necessity be a comwhispering which travels like a windswept fire from posite one. Parents must be the first to assume

ear to ear, and destroys, without conscience, the the responsibility of seeing that the cloak remains good name of a man, the reputation of an institusecure, that it is not loosed for even a short period, tion, the integrity of a nation, or whatever it chooses because they weave the fabric by their daily teachto blight and wither. To shout base things in ings and example. They are responsible for the

the market place, to print a libelous statement, or cut of the coat and can select the material from to bear false witness in violation of the commandwhich it is made.

ments of God and men, are crimes traceable to their But not even parents alone can safeguard their source and for which there is due punishment; but own. Try as they will, they sometimes cannot

he who carries his unholy wares on the breath of a quite reach the hearts of their young ones. Carewhisper which sweeps from lip to lip, and which, by fully as they have stitched the cloak to make it

its innuendo, suggests more than it says, is of all attractive and serviceable, their best has not been men most despicable. And because of our own sufficient to bring about its desired cherishing. Someone on the outside must reinforce the parents'

receptiveness to gossip, and our own frail eagerwork. Consequently, we find the Church has

ness to be the first to tell something, we enlist established various organizations. Into these assoourselves in the spread of halfspoken untruth ciations, we call the best teachers available. The

oftener than we would care to admit. May heaven force of their precepts will help show those whom

keep a man and his possessions from the blight of they lead the value of what has been given.

those who whisper at his back. R, L. E. Teachers should consider their work in the light

of missionary service, and if they can save one tt soul or point the way for those in their classes, "GL KomsL Vl ObJwajdL they will have proved their worth to equal fully pROM our recent Annual Conference have come that of missionaries who go into foreign fields to many truly inspiring messages, which when labor.

adapted to our lives should point the way to inAnother factor for reinforcing the Gospel should lie in the friendships that are made. Friends can creased happiness. One particular item should help more frequently than they realize in helping

etch itself into our consciousness as we contemkeep the cloak of righteousness wrapped around plate the statistical report of the Church. From their associates. By agreeing to help each other

our wards and branches, we send missionaries in standing true to their convictions, friends can into the four corners of the earth. Eagerly these make the cloak of righteousness a protecting coat

young men and women accept their calls, although of armor.

they know that the acceptance means, in many This need for home missionarying is sometimes cases, an adjustment to a new kind of living and more important than we think. When, at trementhe learning of new customs and new language. dous cost financially, mentally, and physically,

Gladly their parents make the necessary sacriconverts have been made, they express a desire fices to permit the young people to accept the call to come to the center of Zion to see how people to go into the world to bear the Gospel message. within the shadow of the temples are living. When

With all their diligence, the cost of each new theyhere havecome, greaterthey sometimesneed for feelthe missionariesthat we who thanlive convert to the Church is well over three hundred those who live out in the world. Sometimes the

dollars. No one would hesitate to say that very exceptional work that is done by our misthe worth of a human soul far exceeds this amount sionaries is undone by those who should be misof money or that the value to the Church itself sionarying at home.

cannot be measured in dollars and cents. HowEach of us who is left at home should figure that

ever, these figures should start overtones in the through our example and our teachings, we can minds of thinking members of the Church. Since become missionaries to hold in the Church many

the expenditure is so great to make each new conwho might otherwise become careless of their vert, we who remain at home should expend conheritage.—M. C. /.

and gave him the Gospel. He has watched over

the children of men throughout the ages of timeEvidences and and reestablished His Church from time to time as the apostacy of man made it necessary. To the

care of the Church the Gospel has been committedreconciliations with His authority, called the Priesthood. Only

the Church possessing this authority is the complete xi. (Dosidu JtfuL Qfaikck. havsL a, Church of Christ, and there can be but one.

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Tyixmopoh $. JjiutpL? possesses the truth relative to the true Gospel of

salof Christ, divine the plan the one Lord Jesus reflects misappre- a complete a questionCuch officiate in vation, to the authority God's and name of of the of the claims restored Church hension in of Christ. the upbuilding of the Church There

Christ. is there but Priesthood; Gospel; be can but one one possession the truth of mean monopoly would A is the but there encompasses which Church one of truth, all exclusion those not the availableof and

that only, truth In the does Gospel. of sense whole

in possession participation thein from the Church full the to claim possess the fundamental Church truth. benefits ofor

if it truth, call for choose, necessary monopoly you of teachings further the could from be Nothing full celestial in salvation the of kingdom God. This

of the days taught from It has been Church.the gratefully, keenly the humbly does and Church truth light of that thethe Smith Prophet Joseph sensible of its high and vast responsicommission

earth. All the intoenlightens every born who man all bility to into lead the a fulness of mankind

it, in the of truth or out whetherseek may find in leading the to eternal progression in knowledge truth for earnestly seekChurch. Those who the of presence A. W. will relibraries, laboratories, or nature be open Lord.—J.

warded from the inexhaustible fountain of truth.

The author of truth is generous. The Church xu. UJhiMuiL lAndMiAabiiL io

urges that in every clime, by all men, at all times, the search for truth be continued; for as truth multiplies among men, human joys may increase. HpHE Church ever operates in full light. There is

However, there are many kinds of truth. Some no secrecy about its doctrine, aim, or work.

truths concern themselves with the physical laws It is open to all men who will conform to its requiredetermining the conditions of earth and the heavments. Access to the temples, where the most

ens, and by which things move and operate. That sacred ordinances are performed, may be had by

is valuable knowledge, which has given humanity every member of the Church who lives the honormany of its material and intellectual blessings. able life expected of faithful Latterday Saints.

The discovery of such truths has called into being No promise is exacted of any Church member our present civilization which speaks with the stars except to live as nearly as may be in conformity and gives light and comfort to the humblest home. with the teachings of the Lord Jesus Christ. The There are higher kinds of truth—such as pertain activities of the Church, in all departments, are

to human conduct, that is, to man's manner of using sacred, not secret.

the gifts of knowledge that have come to him; This point of view makes it difficult for Lattertruths that concern the God of heaven and man's day Saints to look with favor upon secret, oathrelationship to his divine Father; truths that exbound societies. It goes without saying that memplain the mystery of the past, reveal the purpose of bers of the Church would not join such an organithe present, and foretell the future destiny of man; zation, should it be antagonistic to the Church.

truths that enable man, if he but uses them, to apNor would it be attractive should it be of such a proach, forever, the likeness of God. nature as to cause loss of interest in Church duties

This latter kind of truth forms the Plan of Saland activities.

vation as set forth in the Gospel of the Lord Jesus The words of the Prophet Joseph Smith are

Christ. The Gospel is a product of the mind and sufficient answer to the question: ( Note especially

will of the Lord. It teaches that a divine purpose the last sentence.)

runs through the universe, encompassing every fact, law, and principle, and enlivening all the works of And again, I would further suggest the impropriety of the of bands companies, or oaths, or by covenant innature. its fulness the Gospel becomes Thus

penalties let secrecies; or but the time experithe byorganization past of ourstructure of truth, into or house which all truth may ence the and sufferings wickedness by of Doctor Avard

be fitted. As the home of truth, the Gospel claims suffice and let our covenant be that of the Everlasting Coveall truth, and places all truth in its proper place nant, as is contained in the Holy Writ and the things that

hath revealed us. unto God friendship Pure always becomesand position with respect to the present and future

that very weakened it undertake moment you to makewelfare of man. stronger oaths secrecy. penal by and

The truths of the Gospel, as all other truths, are available to all mankind. Indeed, perhaps all Finally, let it be remembered that authorized ormen possess a part of this basic knowledge for their ganizations of the Church for social and fraternal

great comfort. Certainly in every church professpurposes, coupled with our professional and busiing God there is some of this higher truth. That ness organizations, will not only serve our needs,

is the doctrine of the Latterday Saints. but will consume all the time that we can spare in

However, the Gospel is operated on earth under these busy days. Divided allegiance is always un-

A. W.the authority of the Lord. He placed man on earth, satisfactory and often dangerous.—/.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

it their are making of people who THE CHURCH MOVES ON headquarters a week.""seven days

(Continued from page 287) party in the evening constituted an allSERVICES HELD FOR day program. BOISE FIRST WARD

BISHOP DAVID P. HOWELLS April 3, 1939. CHAPEL DEDICATED

Sudden death took David Parrish Under floodlight illumination, cerenr*HE new $48,000 chapel of the Boise

Howells, 55, bishop of the Wilshire monies marking groundbreaking for First Ward, Boise Stake, Idaho,

Ward, Hollywood Stake, from an acthe new $45,000 chapel and recreation was dedicated February 26, with Elder tive existence as a financier and Church hall of the Bryan Ward, Highland Stephen L Richards of the Council of officiating, the with 948 Twelve and the of director UtahIdaholeader. conducted. Stake, were A

in attendance. people Rich Harold J. interested andSugar Company 8, 1939. in April at the time sucappointed same was in he had livestock Utah,ranching and in the reception given Lion House A to cessor Millar. Bishop Z. Reed reputafamousearlier gained world a Social Center Louisa honored Lula in design, Modernistic of reinforced and motion of American exporter astion an the of occasion Richards on Greene is concrete construction, building the as characterized films.picture was He ninetieth birthday. at her KanesBorn pipe with equipped a includes organ and for possibilities of vision "widehaving ville, in as Lula,"she 1849, Iowa, "Aunt in canning kitchen the to a basement be atPresident Grant good."human is to at the widely known, came Utah in used connection the with Church services conducted funeral thetended three, of resided she has age where Plan. attractive Welfare comAn 1 April Angeles,at Los life since, faithful servto her devoting illusbooklet memorative containing

ice in the Church. She an was outtrated historical sketches of ward and 12, 1939.Sunday, March contributor standing to The Woman's issued at time of dedication. stake was Seminary Stake The Carbon stories have and at Price, Exponent. Her verse

Joseph dedicated by ElderUtah, was appeared PARK in local newspapers and magGARDEN CHAPEL Smith.Fielding azines. DEDICATED BEAUTIFUL ON Stake, Bonneville Provo Ward, The SITE

C. with Morgan reorganized Leewas BUILDS LABOR VOLUNTEER tract originally on Cituated a wooded bishop.as JOSE CHAPEL SAN as private developed a Yale Avenue bishop as sustained }. Bird Victor was time, six within months'/Completed in estate Salt City, the Lake $100,000 Utah Fourth theof Ward, Provo of the chapel V the San $20,000 Jose (formerly Garden Park Park) GilmerStake. is Stake, the Francisco San Ward, chapel (Bonneville Stake) was Ward Stake, was Utah Pioneer Ward, The labor contributed of volunteer product dedicated April 2 President Heber by D. William with Normanreorganized in variety of a by ways ward memGrant. structure, of English The J. bishop.as direction bishthe bers. the of Under style, architectural built paid was and

1939. 13, opric, Beckstrand, Vernard Wilford MarchMonday, for within year. aircondi- one The their dedicated Stake Leslie Steinand Jordan, Parowan Harry Shaw, The tioning utilizes system cold water from

St. the near five George agel, nights workers, a week, Temple met Homenew springs creek, from Butte and Red

concrete poured, conTemple. and was when runs the which through property. A shifts in eighthour tinued through two 1939. 24,March lake, small amphitheater, an waterand

nights. evening and meal days two An Fielding, Utah, of Alice Smith A. fall seen building. the be from may The

Relief regularly the served Soby was S. colonizer Smith, L. of D. Lotwidow chapel proper individually has 320 upauxil- in other cooperation ciety with territory, her celebratedin the Arizona is holstered seats equipped with and

iaries. exterior concrete white and Of in a born birthday.ninetieth She was pipe a organ. brick garage double A consisting of proper, an amuse- a chapel in Salt City where Lakecovered wagon will near into scout be converted a by

font, hall, class baptismal rooms, ment stands. buildingthe Deseret now News hut.

library, trim, the kitchen, modernly and of Fielding since a resident has beenShe the bishopric of are SterMembers is building a equipped monument1890. Sill, to ling Evans, David and W. W. faithful efforts of untiring group a the 26, 1939. with Bambrough, Winkler, C. O.Sunday, March J. W.

President Heber J. Grant dedicated ward clerk. A. Z. Richards was chairthe Chapel in the Spanish Fork Fifth man of the building committee. Dr.

Ward, Nebo Stake. Adam S. Bennion headed the finance

The Boise Stake was reorganized committee with Wendell M. Smoot,

with Zenith Reed Millar as stake presvice chairman. Taylor Woolley and

ident. Clifford Evans, architects, and Frank

Clayne Robison was sustained as B. Bowers, contractor, are all members

bishop of the Boise Second Ward, Boise of the ward.

Stake.

The Boise Fourth Ward, Boise Stake, was organized with Reuben FOR MEMBERS GOING

Francis as bishop. TO SAN FRANCISCO

to atplanning members Church Casper was sustainCharles Woods tend the ExposiSan Francisco Weiser of Weiser as bishoped Ward, tion are secure they advised can

Stake. lodgings with L. D. S. families who

April 1, 1939. are members of the San Francisco

Thomas N. Taylor, former president Stake, by applying to Reuel N.

of the Utah Stake, was honored for his Pomeroy, 1662 30th Avenue, San the Francisco. of Stake As Chairman service of adminyears in Church53

is prepared Committee, Welfare he at the testimonial heldistration at a to make reservations.

Brigham Young University. Chairman Pomeroy issues a warn-

L. D. S. seminary instructors of the ing against coming to San Francisco

Salt Lake region met in the annual for employment either at the Fair spring regional convention called by orat thein theFaircity:for "Thereoutof-stateare nopeople,jobs

Dr. Franklin L. West, Church Comand it is extremely difficult to find

Presentation Education.missioner of employment of any kind in San

papers, discussion technicalof of curTHREETop: GardenRECENTLYPark; center:DEDICATEDSan Jose;CHAPELSbottom Francisco."

riculum revision plans, and a dinner Boise First Ward.

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF UTAH

FIELDING JOSEPH SMITH J. KIRBY, President and Secretary. Treasurer. JOHNA. WILLIAMA. WIDTSOE.LUND. HAROLDAssistant

JOSEPH CHRISTENSON, JAMES M. KIRKHAM. L. GARRETT MYERS,

Vice President. Assistant Treasurer and PETERSEN. MARK E. Superintendent of Research Bureau

F. ARCHIBALD BENNETT. Directors. HILL. ELLEN Secretary and Librarian. Assistant Librarian.

"WHAT'S IN A NAME?"Henryk; Swedish, Henrik; Lithuanian, Many surnames are derived from a

Names are enduring; generations come Endrikis. short name with its many combinations

and go, and passing on with each, they beOne man tried to make a compilasuch as Rich, Riche, Richelle, Richcome all but everlasting. tion of all the surnames beginning with ens, Richford, Richman. Another exan "A,"and secured 1500. than more ample is Rick, with variations like

the source people's of a noTo review Another important in thing research Rickard, Rickaby, Rickatson, Rickell, is to menclature that review people's is which not must be overlooked the Rickett, etc. Rickman, history.

number of names that may have been Here are a few names under classiTn tracing his ancestry one soon bechanged by law, some because of adopfications generally used in describing

A comes interested in "names,"their tion, others because the individuals desurnames origin and history. Space here will persired to have the name changed. Official names—Pope, King, Bishop,

mit only a very brief statement of this As one reflects on the probable orDuke, Sweetman, Drinkwater, Drake,

Marshel, Knight, Priest, Earl. igin interesting his subject. is reof there Generally, name, own much we

Local Hedge, Pool, names—House, fer to of interest given the for him. of individuals of are names Names Church, Dike, Greenfield, Home, Ford, different families, significance. the widely to their of or and names They Porch, North, Littleford, Hill, West,

In surname. derived been have the Genealogical imagevery from Library Street.

there are thirty or more volumes printinable incident and occurrence. From Character or Disposition—Bliss, Moody,

ed upon the subject of surnames, and institutions, landmarks, places, offices, Sage, Wise, Mercy, Blythe, Sweet, Meek, the history and origin of names. In professions, trades, characters, qualiTrueman, Goodheart, Smart, Sharp, Cunaddition, many of the family histories ties, and natural objects come the ideas ning, Goodlove.

Physical Little, Short, for Attributes—Round, telling surnames. to devote have been the of changed space meaning Some Slight, Bigg, Grand, Petty, Stronger, Elder,

it is until their difficult particular corrupted and family names and now Foot, Kidd, Long.

first their origin. trace to the surnames, ancestors where Some came known its (with vamany Occupation—SmithLimb, such from. as Bugle (meaning a wild ox), riations of spelling like Goldsmith, ShoeIt is only a few hundred years ago have different meanings. It might be a smith, Redsmith), Taylor, Waterman,

that surnames were first used. There local name, a nickname, or a name deDyer, Painter, Merchant, Butcher, Rodwere many problems at that time to rived from a musical instrument. For man, Cook, Baker, Mason, Cooper, Miller,

Skinner, Gardner, Wheeler, Sheppard, it plant, the correctly. these is a preserve French names Going and in Latin a Brewer, Glasier, Tanner, Glover, Carpenhair. for kind the years of pad that hundred back two we find ter, Hunter.

the English spelled people a The name very careShaw means wooded Black, Brown, Redd, Color—White, lessly, for livestock, according found and is to sound, some each shelter in Gray, Green.

to please his own fancy. Many could every country district of England. Animals—Wolf, Fox, Goates, Badger,

not read or write; they trusted the This name has many compounds like Bullock, Lamb.

spelling of their names to public offiOpenshaw, Berkinshaw, Crankshaw, Flowers—Holly, Hollis, Hollins, Lilly,

cers, and to the parish officials. One Bradshaw, Grimshaw, and Langshaw. Rose, Heath, Thorn, Cherry.

Ashley, Ashwood, Oak, Trees—Ash, get well clerk such spell as in his From the the names would we pename Oakes, Oakley, Oakwood. Wells, Atwell, culiar Welles, Weller, manner, in clerk and the while the names Uncommon Burnhole, Wind, Oakhill,—mill it Mills, gives us differently. It Wellman. spellednearby The town Silly, Saw, Catchmad, Swelling, Washing,

is not uncommon, at the present time, Milne, Milner, Miller, Mellor. From Shakefoot, Widower, Deville, Lucky, Carto find known relatives who spell their the streams we have Rivers, Brooks, go, Jurk, Ironpurse, Irontooth, Gotobed,

names differently. The wonder is that Brookland, Brookman, Brookside, Appleyard, Doolittle, Hearsay, Houseless,

our names have been so well preBrookwell, and many others. Tugwell, Steptoe, Golightly, Lovejoy,

served. Peabody.

In the year 1470, the surname inkinsop, a sentence of eighteen Blen- A COMPARISON byAndthe hundreds,so the namesno twomightalike.be given

words, was spelled in four different By Millie J. Titus Some interesting names are brought

together in Parish marriage. records byways. the year are Here only is like a precious gem, 1700 Life to give priest theshow that wrote idea you an the name of these Bright the sparkling as snow; three

as it sounded to him, and the name of If the rays of Love shine forth combinations the same person was often written with And keep the heart aglow. Walter Water married Minnie Crane.

different spellings. John married Walkup Nellie Wildman.

George Swindler married Clara Grace. Take the simple, short name of Kay, LifeWithis likea glisteninga shining twinklestar

and in the same parish record over a If little deeds of kindness try A family by the name of Stickaway period of many years the name is writTo smooth away Hate's wrinkle. named their sons, One, Two, Three;

ten or spelled Kaie, Kay, Cay, Caye,

Kaye, Kea, Keay, Keye, Key, Kaij, LifePricelessis like abeyondmine ofallgoldmeasure, theirIn onedaughters,Utah townFirst,weSecond,have fiveThird.men

Keie. If the golden rule is found among bearing the same given and surnames,

The common given name of Henry The things we treasure. with no middle names to properly idenis spelled variously in different lanis like Life the noonday

it isguages. Henri; In French Spanish, sun namestify them.by theTheytownhavepeople,been givenas: Mary'snickFilled with o'erflowing warmth

Enrique; Italian, Enrico; German, If the mind is completely filled Peter, Bowlegged Peter, Big Pete,

Heinrich; Dutch, Hendrik; Polish, With the things worth knowing. Slow Peter, Long Peter.

soup. vegetable condensed Leeming, (Joseph D. AppletonCentury runs done, is half an adage. begun rELL Company, 1938. 205 New York, of milk is consoup and A combination it forcedoes apply nothing more To pages. $2.00.) child's diet sidered important so a part of a to health. youngsterWfullySTARTING THE CHILDREN RIGHT also be made in the same easy manner, using MODELS ANY BOY CAN BUILD than a Give

the country's distributors that foremost milk five off into the sections: of the book roadsturdy on him health—start Dividing

forejoining the country's hands with his lips life a are song and a on with "Aircraft Models,""Ship Models,"to the idea manufacturer most soup promote his his surely prospects inspring PrairieSchooner "StageCoach and Modblithesteps—and radio, in other magazine, newspaper, and els,"his bright. for goal are reaching any Models,""Locomotive "Bridge Ask and

advertising. splenare both soup Milk and the for successful or recipe instructions the gives Models,"author man and woman

that foods. they did a food Together make detailed ingredient great basic he drawings names followed which be cansuccess—the is beneficial, the of conworthy doubly and all in forwill family, the health. toys neighmaking be

chilsideration of parent of every growing bors, far the as and money friends—so responsibility the those with charged So in variety dren. these also There's welcome it lasts. is surprising Moreover, very how fitting the"the beloved young fresoups, they served can so creamed be burden"—of will far the in these making go money

first battles for the of life,ones must pay risk the cloying quently of without youthfor models. carwith Every knack a boy the condition, bodily to sparklingheed good for ful appetite them. will this revel in pentry book. C. M. J. lithe the development, the musculareye, right. children the Start of milk Plenty

poise and stamina of the candidates for a is a straight white road to health and sucTHE JUNIOR BOOK OF BIRDS prosperous, happy future. cess. (Roger T. Peterson, Illustrated. Houghton

in so important a part Food plays the up92Mifflinpages.Company,$2.00.) Boston. 1939.

of healthy thatbringing children modern friendly, informative birds on book listen to theparents findings eagerly of This Rack the Book in On is written fascinating a thoroughlyexperts, the of dietitians advice and physiContinued from page will 286) manner, which to the prove invitingcians, to arthe informative educative and ticles by nutritionists in books and magHere are a few books that mothers will adult members of the family as well as azines and newspapers. From all these want to feed their children intellectually at to the children. Profusely illustrated in the

authoritative sources comes a chorus of the same time that they are caring for them Audubon manner, the book portrays in word praise for milk as one of the most important physically: and picture twentythree familiar birds.

is author, a former schoolteacher, The children. for balinfoods combines Milk OF BOOK A WILD FLOWERS director at present the of proeducational of the health great aanced form many Illustrated (Margaret and McKenny, of the Association of National gram Auto essential the soelements proper growth F. Edith Johnston. Macmillan by Societies has and done dubon toward much active of wellbeing general and boysand 1939. York. $2.00.) Company, New life bringing understanding of bird an togirls. child that Authorities every say should people have young a good people. C. young M. J. in All milkshould of quart a a have day some

for the pleasure stimulation book and as orform, beverage whether a combined STORIES SOUTHERN NATURE that to will the a of bring such study book foods. otherwith (Baker, Harris, Rogers. and Turner little flowers. beautifully book, wild This

One particularly appetizing way that has executed, with illustrations for each of the E. Smith & Co., Atlanta, Georgia.

been found to give children more of the flowers discussed, is conveniently divided 1938. 218 pages.)

nourishing milk they need is to combine it into three sections: "Flowers of Spring,"HPhe authors, all of whom are noted for

with soup. Some of the condensed soups "Flowers of Late Spring and Summer,"* their achievements in the scientific

that are particularly suitable for this purpose and "Flowers of Late Summer and Aufield, are trying to develop among their are tomato, asparagus, pea, and celery. tumn."readers an appreciation for their natural

These are easily prepared as extra nourishMothers who are going to help their surroundings. They have done this by preing creamed soups by adding milk instead children and themselves to a fuller beauty senting facts about nature which the young

of water before heating and serving. An in living will be eager to procure this book. readers can observe and verify for themextra nourishing vegetable chowder can—M. C. ]. selves. Most parents will also find this

book an eye opener.

Since this is listed Book 1, it is sincerely hoped that there will be many additional books of this kind forthcoming.—M. C. /.

SING, SWING, PLAY (Martha Stockton Russell. The Start the Viking Press, New York. 1938.

93 pages. $2.00.)

Rhythm is inherent in all of the living, Children Right and in this book with fiftyeight folk songs, the song can be joyfully accompaFor the best of vigorous health, every child nied with rhythm if the leaders, be they should have a quart of milk every day, either mothers or teachers, will read and practise as a beverage or combined with other foods. the instructions included in "How To Do

When you give them Cloverleaf Milk you give It."Since the songs are folk songs, leadthem the added benefit of an extra supply of ers can be assured of their appeal.—M. C. /.

the priceless bonebuilding, toothprotecting vitamin all Cloverleaf Milk is RUSTY which D with (Major S. P. Meek, Penn Publishing It is enriched. Salt Lake's only irradiated

vitamin D fresh milk. Company,pages. $2.00.)Philadelphia, 1938. 292

It costs no more than ordinary milk ThesizedogspanielRustynamedreally Bunny.did exist However,as a pintthe incidents, except the field trials which

are taken from Bunny's experiences, are fictitious. This is a rousing good story of

Rusty 's ability to prove his worth even with

Perfectly Pasteurized Grade his to protect superior in size, A dogs much

Milk Irradiated Vitamin D those he at the loved, even whom is life. It his story of the kind dog own HOME O F FINE DAIRY PRODUCTS risk of girls that of 1216 the and boys from age

will revel in reading.—M. C. J.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

MEILI

(Written and illustrated by Thomas

Handforth, Doubleday Doran and

Company, 1938. $2.00.)

story deals the adventures with ofThe her brother Mei Li and San Yu at the

Chinese New Year's Fair. She started

with three lucky pennies and marbles, which she traded for the things that she wanted.

It is a good story for the two or ten year old.—M. C. J.

Have you attended the M. I. A.

cooking schools yet? If not, you are

missing a treat—and perhaps a

prize, too. Find out when your

stake is planning to have one and reserve the date.

For the Granite Stake school the following menu was prepared by

Barbara Badger Burnett, expert home economist in charge of the schools: Chicken and Mushroom on French Surprise

Toast Points Cottage Cheese Salad Rings Strawberry Shortcake Vanilla Ice Cream with Chocolate HIM

Sauce Sounds like a little bit of all right, doesn't it? Tonight

... with, hot bi&cuiiA,!

Watch his face light up with pleasure when you set a plate of delicious hot biscuits on the dinner table. Every man likes hot

biscuits made the easy Globe "Al"way fluffy, light, meltin-yourmouth biscuits with that good homemade flavor! Buy a

package of Globe "Al"Biscuit Flour.

Treat your family to hot biscuits.

... ovl oleLaAhinn&eL

STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE!

Follow the recipe on the Globe "Al"package for the easiest, quickest, and most delicious biscuitcrust shortcake you ever tasted! Serve this delicious dessert often.

It's everybody's favorite, and so quick and easy with Globe "Al"Biscuit Flour. Get

a package today.

Here, in one pantryhandy tin, is all the

all flavor of of the convenience chocolate and

grating, cocoa! melting, no waste! no No GLOB Ell mm.

GHIRARDELU'S BISCUIT -FLOUR GwmidCkoeoiati

Say gear ak deut

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; MELVIN J. BALLARD, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, AND JOSEPH F. MERRILL

THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUM: A THREEFOLD DEFINITION

FROM THE GENERAL PRIESTother business and professional groupquences than those that confronted our

HOOD CONFERENCE ings were, for the most part, unheard forebears. Do we need friends to meet

APRIL 7, 1939 of. We read in history of the activities these situations? We do! And we

By Stephen L Richards, of some labor guilds and lodges, conneed understanding, loyal friends who of the Council of the Twelve temporaneous with the days of Kirtare interested more in us than in our land, Missouri, and Nauvoo, but, exbusiness. And with due deference to

things: first, is three a 7V QUORUM find of the high objectives the cept not they did work, for lodge many and** and second, class; a fraternity; their varied quite clubs beSo, brethren our people. our to which among way

third, a service unit. "Study my words naturally, when quorums were set up long, I want to say to them that there

which have gone forth among the chilamong the brethren, they were in posiis no club and no fraternity and no dren of men,"and "seek ye diligently tion to claim their undivided, loyal society that is to be mentioned in the and teach one another words of wisallegiance, and in so doing they sucsame breath with their Priesthood quodom; yea, seek ye out of the best books ceeded. Quorum unity and quorum rums.

learning, even seek of wisdom;words... established. pride were It is terrible great pity mis- a a and "That also by faith."and studyby transthat shall full take I think the of our should never some men know we underthe in perfected bethey may fer affection their allegiance their strength of friendships the and beauty and

spirit, in in their ministry ofstanding fraternities. in to orthe these Priesthood created those from worldly quorums

all things inprinciple, and doctrine—in If ganizations. think, will for families other's cared they each but Men of on the topertaining God Kingdom friendthat will Prithere missions are undertaken. they no know were when

earth."ships that to established vations shared, be sorrows anywhere and and were

injunctions of the are some These arise are to those that loyalties out comparable created those through were at time a when thegiven by revelation of "faithfulness the Priesthood, that associations descripsacred defy where the were Priesthood of thequorums is the stronger tion. than cords death."of

principal and almost the sole organi-

I long to see the day whenzations through which the teaching pro- I recall on one occasion hearing the How cess could be carried forward. late President Joseph F. Smith tell of every man belonging to an Elders'quoIn the beginning of the Church, there an incident which he had remembered rum can say, and say truthfully, "I have

I know, will standwere no auxiliary organizations. Much from his boyhood. He said that when 95 true friends who,

thin; thick in through and attendby very he young he me was was who love the great today admire andas we prize

truth, to at the in enough and the given a party me ance tell me Mansion the School, ofinstitutions the Sunday error; who are loyalMutuals, the Primary, and the Relief House by his uncle, the Prophet. A protect me from

Society, does it not seem significant that large company were present, engaged enough to speak well of me behind in all the revelations there is no menin the festivities of the occasion, when my back."

tion of these organizations? It does to suddenly the door opened and a man Heaven only knows how much we

me, for while I conceive the auxiliaries entered. He was dressed in ragged, need such friendships these days.

dirty, his clothes; hair shabby he was forth legitimately brought beento have Service Unit A long beard unkempt, he and and and yet Priesthood, to the helps aidsas and

is It is unit. service a quorum The like at looked tramp. a Prophet The funprimary the and that certainI am to in render designed aid mainthe the the side time the of on room was spiritual the for responsibilitydamental of tenance of the duties Church. The opposite to the through the door which been, and has the of Churcheducation specifically set the are forth quorums said President come. Smith had man of the the be, will quorums withalways

I in shall the repeat revelations. not athletic that that he Joseph, was, man all not are of which Priesthood,Holy

I are. them. they what know You fairly sprang across the room, grabbed revelations, but in the mentionedonly

I this suggestion, wish have however: his in the arms, shabby hugand man is notable defined with ofeach which that duties the functions could be and if caressed as and been he him ged hadexactness.

definitely specifically defined... more and relative. near dear a This and is class has a and a the quorum So in in of service. actual. terms and work in the brother Priest- a was man all that see obligation definite tovery

I too, stakes; the wish, and and wards he undergone a. and harrowhad hood to understandingits an come members definite that for servassignments more ing experience a and tremendous made... of the Church. doctrinesof the

ice directly to could the quorums come sacrifice his for brother, the Prophet than are classes more muchPriesthood officers. their units as presiding through of God. diversions. Quorum academicmere

If to of strength are the preserve we can't that to back come we Why is essential faith intraining Gospel and unity, identity must and quorum we older of brotherhood days when men this of mission the fulfilment ofto the the function so as groups have groups lives their for offered other? very each it. fail to supply not mustChurch. We that the individual of the members life his for offered grandfather own My FraternityA their receive assignments quorum I may in Jail. the Prophet Carthage am

The quorum is a fraternity. I wish sure he meant what he said and that from the quorum presidency. What a

I knew how to fill that statement with he would have willingly given himself boon to the bishops of wards and presits full meaning.... Perhaps, again, for his friend. idents of stakes it would be if, when a

I can best bring appreciation for this certain project or task is to be underfraternity by going back to the early Dangers Today taken, the assignment could come to days of the Church. The "setup"was It is true, we are not exposed to the the presidency of a quorum with confar simpler than it is today. There were same physical dangers which once exfidence that it would be fulfilled! I

no auxiliaries and very few social oristed, but we are beset by innumerable earnestly recommend that this method ganizations. Service clubs, college fraother hazards which I fear are somebe employed, both for the development

ternities, chambers of commerce, and times worse in their ultimate conseof quorums and for the alleviation of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

heavy burdens now resting on our adknow so well. I shall refer to but one what is even more tragic, suppose the

ministrative officers. sentence: "Behold, there are many Master shall say, "I never chose you.

I wish to ask this question: What called but few are chosen."What is Your life was such that I could not."

is the chief function of a quorum presithe difference between "calling"and We cannot contemplate any such dency? Is it merely to conduct a meet- "choosing?"When is a man "called"calamity coming to our brethren withing and carry on a program of exerand when is he "chosen?"Who does out deep sorrow. I know that the

cises? I think it is not, and I believe the calling and who does the choosing? Priesthood is the most precious thing

many quorum presidencies make a great I have pondered these questions a we have. I know, too, that it is more

mistake by so regarding it. The funclong time and I hope that my interprethan a mere name, that it has essence

tion of a quorum is to conserve the intations are correct. I believe that a and vitality. I have felt it. Something

dividual welfare of its members and of man is "called"to the Priesthood when which is real, which I cannot define, the welfare of the Church. Many hands are laid upon his head in ordinahas passed through me and from me

quorum members do not come to meettion. I believe that this call is in the as I have administered the ordinances

ing. It is the duty of the presidency to nature of the bestowal of an opporof the Gospel. I know that there is

go to them. I look upon the presidency tunity, a privilege, and a personal right virtue in the Priesthood and I know

as special missionaries to the thoughtto acquire a great and priceless gift or that it is divine....

less, negligent members of quorums. endowment. The authorized servants

A Higher Purpose of our Father are entitled by ordination ANTILIQUOR-TOBACCO It does not take great brains and to grant the privilege and right to secure a high degree of mental acumen to call the gift. But the gift itself is something COLUMN

a meeting to order, announce the song, different from the right to receive it.

gift is "inseparably connected Thedesignate consomeone to pray, and with CAMPAIGN OBJECTIVES the of Heaven,"and comes powers it is imalthoughduct the program, portant to cultivate the art of presiding. directly from God, the Father. It is A ll the Church now know that the

But it does take real perspicuity, inan investiture of divine spiritual power. * urge is on to finish the distribution

neglect, through ordained may, man An reading the of phase campaign and byfinite tact diplomacy, patience and and it. receive never ordained man, So an the part of early the June, quorums bringlove, to strayed, those have who

"called,"although be he is may never in their early part completing May. spirit of the the andback into warmth

quorum. It is a real challenge to our "chosen,"for he is not "chosen"until By this expression is meant the disbest minds and ablest men to go out and God chooses him, through his obeditribution and reading in all the homes

his humility to be and devotion, of the people three of the Mormonfind ordained to ence, have been those who recipient of divine power. a real booklets the sent to the General field bythe higher Priesthood, at the perhaps

time of marriage or when going on misSo, not every ordained man possesses Committee. Speedy action is called for

sions, and have subsequently departed the power and essence of the Priestto prevent the campaign from becoming from the standards of the Church, forhood. Of that we are made certain by stale and lifeless as well as to furnish

gotten their vows and obligations, and our scripture, if we are correct in inter- a satisfactory basis for other phases of bring them back to an appreciation of preting "calling"to mean ordination. the work.

the priceless endowment which has Authority Have the quorums succeeded in getting the booklets of these message to the to blessed back them andcome I think not have would you Now to "Nicotine Youth,"Talks "Alcohol life the teaches. of Gospel whichway I the interpretation that construe which of Air,"the and on "The WisWord is highest of theThis missionary work I far to as to so have mentioned go Practical in the domtype. Terms"—into... is indicate that ordained has one who all If their not, of members? homes it is this accomplish high purpose To right, dilegal properly the not when

it is the and hoped wardindispensable that presidencies teachers—male quorum authority, rected others to ordain by in the job the complete council frequent female—willhold meetings. Their validity cerethe to with perform and

will of be June. and months Thus May will planning, not without succeedwork the of ordinances monies Church and finished thorthe most and widespread plan except they adequately cannotand direction. authoritative under Even the canvass of behalf nonuse ough on consultation.in qualified to not have though he may carried liquor ever tobacco of on and is it council addition In meetings, to in in the sense of "chosen"be God in the Church.strongly stake that union recommended "choosing,"interpreted which have we results entirely satisfacthe be May for trainingmeetings the of Priesthood call properly commissioned man, any by all If so, to the concerned. tory greatofficers held. regularly bequorum No duties the authority, can perform and uplift spiritual that est the has Church rests the important upon dutymore call his impairincident to without

for will place. take seen a day many PriesthoodStake Melchizedek Comlegal the status of ordinance the to ment

mittee than to see that the officers of and the beneficiary thereof. LIQUOR PROBLEM AMONG

are trainedquorums and to do to know YOUTH signifipractical is the then, What, duties.their of our probThe solution issue Voice, an of National distinction this extraordinary of cance A recent

lies in aggressivelem competent and ** in antiliquor in set published the forth revelation between weekly

Ileadership. strongly too recomcannot

I "calling"Angeles, dispatch believe carried "choosing?"a Chicago and it Los

that of stakes our presidents givemend it is in vital, part: said to which be this: That and no man

this constant attention to andimmediate time and effort must be devoted to in More merely complacent and can be smug matter. the fact of his ordination. It may be combatting the liquor problem among youth,

the to to recommendations made"Calling""Choosing"and in according justifiable pride, of but a matter

International of Religious Council Educasufficient. it is forbear recalling to the itself seen I cannot not I have issues, social thortion by a committee on

attention of my brethren something of men who seem to feel that all that would oughly aroused over the lethargic attitude the sacred nature and inestimable worth be necessary would be for them to say on the part of the public as to prevailing of this great endowment of the Priestto the Father: "When I was on earth, conditions among young people.

hood. I frequently call Section 121 of I was a High Priest. I come now to The above statements recall a news

the Doctrine and Covenants the "Conclaim the reward of a High Priest."I item that appeared a few weeks ago in

stitution"of the Priesthood. I do so can well imagine their disappointment the public press. An investigation

because nowhere else, to my knowledge, when confronted with such questions conducted by Allied Youth, Inc., found

is the nature and essence of the doctrine as these: "What did you do as a High that 49 per cent of 4,000 high school

made so clear. I am not going to rePriest? Whom did you bless with the seniors in thirteen communities of

peat those beautiful passages which you power bestowed upon you?"And, (Continued on page 296)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

(Continued from page 295) The saloon, it was said, would not return. wiped out? In 1938, Federal agents

eleven states were drinkers. The But drinking places, however designated, arrested 26,000 on bootlegging charges

stills. illegal the In 11,400 destroyed and of CommissionAmerican Youth in the have quadrupled number.

of States""wettest city the United huge found Education on CouncilAmerican for respect restored rings been law uncovered. been have Has by bootlegthat of peocent 52.9 per 13,528 young repeal? states of the Edgar head Hoover, States Daily United The News

liquor questionedple used in Maryland Federal of Investigation, killed that injured or reports highpersons BureauJ. on the

in various forms. prison populations at an alltime high and ways by drinking drivers doubled between

Are the practices of the world becomcrime on the increase. Was bootlegging 1933 and 1937.

ing more and more common among the that S. is there people?L. D. Who

will required of everything not him ANNUAL REPORT OF THE L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS do

to the Seventy The Council of the Twelve Apostles Made by The First Council of liquor free the ofto Zion of bondage the Year 1938 For of the soul is tobacco? mostand human A

precious thing in the world. Our boys MISSIONARY ACTIVITIES 1938 1937

and girls are priceless. 2.1. EveningsHours spentor partin missionarydays spentworkin missionary work 208,24089,825 136,93959,900

first invitations in 41,113 of 57,186 Number revisits 33,270 of 59,099THE LIQUOR DEALER PAID 4.5.3. NumberNumber of calls made - 161,036 115,606

7. standard of Church Number works distributed (Does not include Books of Mormon carthe newspapers months agoCome

3,770 7,316 reported Item 10) under No.* of ried the story a court in Chicago 8. of 5,341 4,548 distributed other books Number

tracts of 147,565 239,136 distributed pamphlets and 9. Number sufferedgiving to a family that damages

1,685 actually 2,923 of sold Copies of Book Mormon loss of employment whichby the 2,374 had 11.10. hall meetings of missionaries 3,473 held Number by

6,247 of cottage missionaries 8,089 meetings held Number by father.befallen the and husband Ac12.13. missionaries 25,267 of hall meetings 26,549 cottage attended and Number who

this story, the father tookcording to 14. investigators at 24,542 of 38,991 cottage hall meetings present Number and

baptisms 1,757 1,224 of missionary as a result 15. Number work firsthis Later 1, 1938. drink January

people over 771 of 15 years age (1) ofOf hisin the of that year he lost summer people 15 age: under of years Of (2)

$10,000-a-yearjob on account of a. Both of whose parents are members 391

drunkenness. His wife sued the liquor b. ClassificationOthers under 15notyearsdesignatedof age.252343

vendor for $100,000 damages. The 16. Numberservice duringof inactivethe yearmembers of Church brought into activity through stake missionary 4,389 2,756 her $30,000.court awarded

suit ADDITIONAL In another Chicago, case in INFORMATION was 118 in stakes 126 the Church Number of of Arlinebrought 3-yearold on behalf of stake missions 122 116 organized Number

Richine for the death of her mother from

De D effectsthe intoxicants. of deMISSIONARIES ACTIVELY ENGAGED Two i937'*im'

of reporting stakes 105 92 Numberfendants induced her to drink a on districts of 380 Number 356 jurywager. orphan the awarded The Elders 270 303

Seventies 1,a judgment for 500 times the amount

High Priests 267 2621 50 1,210 the fatal bet.of 283 349 Women

According to the Arizona RepubTotal 2,064 2,030lican, the superior 17, 1939, on February court at Tucson, presided over by

Judge Jesse A. Udall, president of St. MONTHLY REPORT OF THE L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS

Joseph Stake, awarded Mrs. Anna Daly Made by The First Council of the Seventy to The Council of the Twelve Apostles

$1,000 in a damage suit against two For the month of February, 1939 tavern keepers whom she accused of MISSIONARY ACTIVITIES ffjg f||g 1. missionary of out doing.- times work 9,108 Number 9,268selling liquor to her husband, until he

2. in missionary Hours spent work 20,743 22,817 alcoholic. an acutebecame 3. first time for the entered of homes 8,237 8,803 Number

invitations 4. to return of 7,646 Number 7,521 to According Voice, the National

5. revisits of 5,933 Number 5,566 Iloperators tavern of a near Elgin, 6. of Gospel conversations Number 18,367 16,597

linois, are now being sued for $25,000 7. Number of standard Church works distributed:

by Mrs. Lena Ross who charges that Copies of the Bible Loaned29 Sold13

her 24year-old son broke his back Copies of the Book of Mormon 176 172 while driving under the influence of CopiesCopies ofof thethe PearlDoctrineof Greatand CovenantsPrice 2226 2622 liquor at the (loaned tavern. purchased designated) 517 932 and sold) TOTAL.+ 31 (not of distributed other books 554 475 a it not be good Would

. tracts distributed of and pamphlets thing for the 8.9. NumberNumber - 18,516 21,339

law to make all vendors of liquor liable 10. Number of hall meetings held by missionaries 308 312

for damages when they sell to anyone 11.12. NumberNumber ofof missionariescottage metingswhoheldattendedby missionariescottage and hall meetings 2,573798 3,2031,075

under the influence of an intoxicant? 13. Number of investigators present at cottage and hall meetings 3,444 5,419

people of 15 years over age 99 Of (1) IT? REPEAL WORTHWAS 14. Number of baptisms as a result of missionary work:

15 years of people age: under (2) Of

reChristian Science Monitor a.TThe parents are Both of whose members 42

cently published an informative b. OthersClassificationunder not15 yearsdesignatedof age 633

article on the liquor situation from TOTAL, 207 1 57 which the following are extracts 15. serviceNumber duringof inactivethe monthmembers of the Church brought into activity through stake missionary 483 685

Recapitulation of the evidence for and Number of stakes in the Church 127 121 against the liquor industry in the last five Number of stake missions, organized 123 118 years leads inevitably to the question: MISSIONARIES

of stakes reporting Number 102 110 repeal worth who runs it?"He"Was

of districts Number 389 380 read.may Elders 265 287 for repeal of prohibition argument One Seventies 1,381 1,301

was: "Legal control of liquor selling will High Priests 252 304

result in moderation."Beer consumption Women 364 321

rose from 32,000,000 barrels in 1934 to TOTAL - 2,204 2,271 56,000,000 in 1937; wine consumption from Number of missionaries making the minimum requirement 674

45,000,000 gallons in 1935 to 66,500,000 in Number of missionaries making less than minimum requirement 918 of inactive Number missionaries 326 taxpaid of distilled withdrawals 1937, and classified 286 Number not spirits gallons in 58,000,000 from 1935 to 87,000,000 gallons in 1937. TOTAL (Agrees with total above) 2,204

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

will be needed and they can be susMelchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study for May, 1939 tained. (D. H. Wells, in the Deseret

Text: Priesthood and Church Welfare. News, for August 7, 1852.)

See also Historical Readings and Supplementary References 2. When a man wishes to give anything, let him give the best he has. The

Lord has given to me all I possess; I

b. XIII is essentially spir- "Cooperation aLESSON single reality; in nothing not have a

itual movement."(Chapter 13) Role of GovernmentThe is it mine. of ask: dime "Do may You VIII. association the must "The make I. functions longer Governmental no I feel as actually Yes, say?"you you in community place a better which simple. few and I is do. not coat on back have my The live."to

II. Peculiar notions about government it mine, the never put and Lord was;

costs. services and LESSON XV I in possession honorably, and wear my a. as regarded Taxation burden. a Giving (Chapter of The 15) it, Joy it; all if for there but wishes and He b. for Actually services a payment

rendered. I. Economic welfare and security of is under it, He is welcome to the whole.

III. Who can render service best at least members one of foremost concerns I do not own a house, or a single foot

the of Church. cost? carriage, of horse, or land, mule, a

superior financial plan. II. A a. vs. private agencies. Government child, wife, nor nor but wagon, what

a. Inspired principles. b. for Is the governdemand more if me, and gave Lord wants He b. contributions Voluntary according the justified? services ment

at pleasthem, can take His them He to ability. in Intervention IV. social economic and

welfare. c. Efficient management. ure, whether He speaks for them, or

a. Legislation. d. Strong credit rating. takes them without speaking. Should

b. Regulation. III. Advantages of organized endeavor this be the feeling to animate every

in Churchgiving. c. social of It agency reform to should. An have bosom? you What

a. efficiency Greater functions easily could which not is that actually consecrate your own?

b. Flexibility of private agencies. performed be by will time Nothing. come when The personnel, specializedoperation—qualifieddollar fororganizadollar. the for Taxation V. of paying means

first will their the people look back on tion. functions. governmental

a. Increasing services will demand c. Makes possible social and spiritual experience, and they will realize that

more and more of individual's values not otherwise obtainable. that which they now consider hardship

income. IV. Values of voluntary system. was their greatest blessing. They are

b. General property tax no longer a. Moral strength received. (See called to leave their homes, their paradequate. Historical Readings, Reference ents, their families, and their native

it so; to consider but is not be sorrow; of offerings in V. Types the Church only taxation. through

VI. Problem: Can we afford increased system. it is only an experience put into the governmental services? a. Tithing—centrally disbursed. possession of the Saints, that they may a. If not, we must curtail our de- b. Fast offerings—for ward charity. know the blessings of eternity. There

c. Special pecific for them. mands is contributions—s in eternity being about no we whom

purposes. ward b. insist them, on must If we we read but ever or heard, has what d. Emergencies not included in the have bill expect to the through pay like in suffered for as have, manner we annual budget. taxation.

it suffering to gain they by had was

LESSON XIV their exaltation, as you and I will have

StrengthThe (Chapter of Cooperation HISTORICAL READINGS toDiscourses,do. (Brigham2:307.)Young, Journal of 14)

I. The Rochdale Weavers as founders

of the cooperative movement.

II. of cooperation. Meaning QUORUM PROJECTS

a. together for the Working comwill please discontinue my

good. (See Historical Readmon **"*Cm—You1. Mr.advertisementEditor: paper, offerin your

ings, 1.) Reference No. IS YOUR QUORUM WHAT b. Elimination of the middleman and ingIf cashwhenfor thelumberbrethrenand shingles.are landing DOING? profit. his

III. Principles of cooperative organizatheir thousands and in various ways Bear River Stake

their interests individual tion. advancing 3rd Quorum of Elders

a. Unrestricted membership. they Public of the unmindful can rest

b. To render service and effect savWorks and not contribute some avail- "The wife of one member of the

profits) ing (not for family large stockholders. has a became quorum who able prosethey means can whereby be

c. Limitation shareholding. of ill. hire unable to Because he was I vigor, cuted with of no good know d. in government. Democracy at confined caring help he was home the authorities the of why e. Surplussavings-returns in proporreason children. the small for her and Farm in should involve themselves Church to tion patronage. pressing, of the so work members was sustain to on. debt carry and them of IV. enterprise. cooperative Types

a. Credit and banking. The works will most probably be the quorum plowed and prepared for

of planting acres eighty ground. The b. for Associations until times breththe suspended as such production—raw

in the mother and grew worse home materials finished or products. feel ren that understand can and men

c. died. family provided the Elders sell of Associations to The producers live eating, cannot labor without nor

cooperatively. chilclothing for food, the with bought be without or the performed means men d. cooperatives. Consumer assisted the dren, at the grave, dug to with. others pay vs. Individualism V. service funeral rendered otherwise and cooperation—the

If leather, will in the bring brethren farmer. American destitute family. stricken to the and

cloth, significance VI. Further shoes, hats to of clothe the cooperation. and President, Smith, (Signed) Bear C. E.

a. cureall. a Not nails, oils, glass, paints, men, and lumStake."River b. in Fundamentally with harmony ber, iron, steel, shingles, timber, tools

principles of democracy. Stake Ogden cheese, meat, butter, groMt for workmen,

c. Localization of control of social ceries, eat, to and vegetables for them High Priests, the 198th quorum The functions.

VII. The Church: early and presentday and every other article necessary for of Seventy, 241st quorum of Seventy,

examples of cooperation, the support of the men and the proseand the 3rd quorum of Elders are sup- a. The beehive a fitting symbol. cution of the works, then no money (Concluded on page 306)

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD RESCACHE STAKE MAKES INTORATION ANNIVERSARY TENSIVE APPLICATION

TO BE OBSERVED THROUGHOF EXTENSION PLAN

OUT THE CHURCH /opies of reports, letters, and moti- "T earning more about Joseph Smith, vating devices used in the promothe Latterday Prophet,"is the tion of the Aaronic Priesthood Extentheme suggested by the Presiding Bishsion Plan in Cache Stake indicate an opric for the observance of the 110th intensive application of the principle anniversary of the Restoration of the of cooperation among the three

Aaronic Priesthood. The anniversary agencies involved in leadership of

of this epochal event, which occurred Aaronic Priesthood groups in quorums, on the banks of the Susquehanna Sunday School classes, and M. I. A.

River, near Harmony (now Oakland), Under the plan indicated by the

Pennsylvania, is expected to be more copies of the reports and other litergenerally observed this year than at any ature sent to the Presiding Bishopric, time in the past. Three events have the name of every member between

been recommended as a part of the 1 2 and 20 is listed and a monthly check anniversary program. made on the activities of each indiThe first is a pilgrimage and picnic, vidual. Reports sent monthly to all

to include a program of athletic sports THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH stake and ward officers involved inand games of the type Joseph Smith dicate the progress of each group and participated in as a young man, which TUTe opened his eyes on this world on the point out methods of improving leaderis scheduled for Saturday, May 20. windswept hills of Vermont on Deship functions.

Priesthood committeesStake Aaronic 1805. 23, cember Activities the of in each of members

this feature,are to requested promote three organizations are each compared fourteen to the years of age he gave Atpreferably basis, stake or with on a two special attention given to and month his lost vision, world, conception through aor stakes or a combined, more on ward unsatisfactory the groups progshowing Christ. of Jesus His and Son God ifbasis, preferred. place A suitable ress. visits committee and Throughshould be selected in advance and all He translated—by divine gift—the Book special reports, attention of bishops

plans given careful consideration. of Mormon. and quorum supervisors is called to

is feature a special prosecond The the of activity the lack part of any on restored Priesthoods. the ancient He

all in Priesthood Aaronicgram quorum during a given month member first man individual He the baptized—by 21,meetings authority—the or on Sunday, May of frequent comparisons and means by

times. to in modern do sonearest to that meeting date quowhere close followup. President Walter M.

rums meet on days other than Sunday. He organized the Church of Jesus Christ Everton of the stake presidency indiPrograms for these meetings are outof Latterday Saints. cates that encouraging progress is beall inlined the manuals. quorum ing in a made. comment A pertinent He pioneered homes and cities in the is third celebration of the event The letter received from President Everton wilderness. service,the meeting annual Sacrament follows

to be conducted by members of the He founded great commonwealths in the

Aaronic Priesthood, under the direction virgin heart of the western prairie. Bishops appreciate very much the work

of the bishopric. Special recommendHe established schools and founded cowrittenof our committeereports andin suggestionsfurnishing themand withalso

ations, that should make these meetings educational universities. in going into the wards and personally

outstanding, have been placed in the helping to make the ward extension meetings hands of stake and ward leaders. He encouraged wholesome recreation and a success.

Where plans have not already been amusements.

is it in stakescompleted wards, and loved and promoted He the arts—paintHAS OGDEN EIGHTH WARD that given they immediateurged be ing, music, the drama. and IN EXCELLENT RECORDattention, in that order every member

to the religious gave and civil women He QUORUM WORK the Priesthoodof or Aaronic quorum class shall be given the privilege of parfranchise. ("\gden 8th Ward of the Ogden Stake

ticipating in this important event. He taught the Word of Wisdom. reports outstanding success in

It is especially urged that the theme He taught the principle of tithing. Aaronic Priesthood activity. With a

of the celebration be stressed, in order He revealed the eternity of the marriage fully organized ward committee, conthat all quorum members may learn covenant. He built temples to the name sisting of a chairman and a supervisor

the remarkable achieveaboutmore of the for each of the ward, six quorums of Jehovah. the of Smith, Latterdayments Joseph directly are supervised by memrevealed the principle of salvation for who HeProphet. Aaronic Priesthood Every this bishopric, bers of the has ward

the dead. personality, of the shouldmember know record. enviable an made

the great faith, the splendid characHe was either loved most loyally or hated officers All supervisors quorum andteristics, the leadership remarkable all and bitterly most men. by

the bishopric with Melchizmeet and this selected restore toof was man who life laid his for his friends, down He leaders onePriesthood edek quorum last inthe the dispensation. Gospel To 1844. 27, love "Greater hath June man."no in half of Priesthood hour advance is to of Smith more have Josephknow

greater faith in the Church he was inWhat have YOU done? What are YOU meeting each Sunday morning, for a

meeting and instructions from discharge gratitude prayer the debt of in last reestablishingstrumental in the doing—to

the bishopric.days, the the to you owe Gospel restored and in the PROPHET JOSEPH

earth through him. SMITH? Social and fraternal activities have

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

a definite place in the program, but quorum assignments and activities are THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW given first consideration. 8,416 assignthements were completed in 1938 by the A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding

five quorums then organized, the sixth Lord's Law of Health quorum having been organized since

January 1. /Gradually tion regardingmorethescientificuse of liquorinformaand fromplicationseitherareliquordeclined.or tobacco, the aptobacco is being made available. From

Allied Youth, a magazine devoted to LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES alcohol education, information has REJECT DRINKERS come upon the authority of William H. "Trinking habits are responsible for

Thompson, Ph.D., head of the Departone of the most difficult situations

ment of Psychology and Philosophy, of ever to arise in the life insurance busithe Municipal University of Omaha, on ness. "Many medical directors and

the affects of alcoholism, even in comunderwriters are advising us they are paratively mild forms, on children born forced to decline either outright or acand to be born: cept only at special high rates, more

Among the Bavarians, the greatest beerapplicants for life insurance for exdrinking people in the world, 300 out of cessive drinking habits than for any every 1,000 babies are born dead. Every other cause,"said Charles R. Jones,

before are infants die they 69,000 year of the VicePresident AmerExecutive old. mothers months twelve Norwegian FoundaBusiness ican Men's Research stillborn babies as Bavarian as had many

mothers until they were taught not to drink tion. "The Chief Medical Director

Left: General Superintendent George Q. Morris; alcoholic liquors. Now they lose but 80 or for one of the leading life insurance

center: Presiding Bishop LeGrand for that reports each 100 babies. companies 1,000 out of Richards; right: 90

George Superintendent D. Pyper. General of the family history of study a From rejected his company, applications by

300 idiots, 145 were definitely known to be 24 indulged excessively in liquor. With

children drunkards. habitual of serious heart pressure and high bloodBOY LEADERS OF CHURCH

in families children twenty found Of 78 results of the frequently ailments, bothJOIN PLAN IN EXTENSION as as well parents grandparents were whose {"hurchwide cooperation in the alcoholics, 35 were imbeciles and 25 insane."drinking,rejections theythanareallresponsibleother causesfor morecom- 1

V"Aaronic Priesthood Extension Plan bined.

and the development of this program for From a radio talk given over station "The growth of the drinking habit inactive holdingreaching members and persons 20 and between 30 years months ago some by John among KSL W.

is asof agesbetween the 12 and 20 is revealed for life the insurance of applying Boud, law student Jr., prominent

sured through the cooperation of the University of Utah, the following exby leading inspection firms which inthree leaders of young men's organicerpt is taken vestigate all applications. It is their

zations in the Church. drinking has that excessive acobservation he studies man, whether The young

three years, in the last increased greatly Presiding Bishop business, education, law, medicine, LeGrand Richards, counting,

General Superintendent George D. or any other vocation, is bound to face and that in the younger age group two

Pyper of the Deseret Sunday School disadvantages if he is going to be a tobacco out of five men and one out of twelve

Union, and General Superintendent user. The best way for him to solve the women drink in such amounts as to conis cigarette the to throw problem now, away in stitute substandard cases many of the Men's MorrisGeorge Young Q.

is in youth, young. he Association have while ImprovementMutual if matter he risks."age, old or middle age—noOtherwise in interest activetaken the promoan his of fortune, the United respect gains fame, and survey by In a made

tion of this program, and have requested fellowmen—he must still face the reality States News of the various states of

that the full strength of their organizathat he might have been happier, that he the Union, the following questions were tions in all stakes and wards be put might have done better had he been a nonasked:

smoker. into to bring plan the Churchbehind the be think can done by do you What possibleactivity every young and boy driving? states to drunken curb What statements years, the past few For in the Church. state?man in if your taken steps, are any, being indicating published been have and observation to according your that What, Results of survey a Churchwide now definitely interferes scholwith tobacco in the increase experience, caused has

the progressbeing determine to made figures the of arship. some Because last years? in the driving few drunken

the Priesthood Extensionof Aaronic recent, quesnot very quoted were some the answers: of some These is greater that indicate progressPlan their tion raised value. as to has been

could driving From similar Maryland—Drunkenare probeing than any by made investigation at recent UniverYale A rigid states if the law had more curbed be in the ever Church.gram adopted A fact that the sity reveals nonsmokers if jail imsentences enforcement, and were

large number of wards report that every excel in scholarship. Only 5 percent of posed in flagrant cases instead of fines.

member between 12 and 20 has been the highest students were smokers; 95 From Michigan—We feel three factors

registered on the individual record percent were nonsmokers. act for increase in drunken driving; increase

cards provided by the Presiding BishOther recent tests have shown that in cars; increased publicity, which makes

of availability greater driving; for more active that missionaryopric and work in operating, as telegraph such work

liquor.is in carried the systematic being on now is efficiency definitely diminished by legitimate increase in drunken From Missouri—Any in for the Extension providedmanner scientists that claim smoking. Some years be atthe last in driving few may

Plan. the reasons for the excellence of nontributed to a more direct relationship of

is fact vigor evil still uncertain. rethis of seriousness added smokers and the The in the activity Cooperation programs

it out. stamping suppressing and in The of that as mains, a result however, many

increase in a general toand movement driver the drunken toll exacted heavy by experience, employers years of many has interestthe that he attractiveness so pronounced and has become hire smokers. of refuse conLarge to

1. labeled Public Number been EnemyAaronic Priesthood meetings, quorum to cerns are coming more and more perthat 97 show From Oregon—Records classes, SchoolSunday and Scout, Exall of examinations physical apdemand convicted of drunken people cent our ofplorer, and M Men groups is also replicants for employment and, where driving will be without licences for three

ported from many wards. there is evidence of detrimental effects years.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

stressing scriptural references, modern revelation, and the proper application (x/xVucL Jmch&t'A. TybA&aqsL faffyunsi, 1939 of the tithing principle.

SABBATH OBSERVANCE IN MODERN TIMES WHAT OUR CHURCH LEADERS

Come Latterday Saints are today faced with the question, "Are we exHAVE SAID ABOUT TITHING vj pected to observe the Sabbath in the spirit in which the original comPresident Joseph Smith mandment was given, or have changing conditions modified and 'liberalized'made this my rule—when the Lord comour living so that we might engage in some activities which, in the past, I mands, do it.

have been banned?"President Brigham Young

To every true Latterday Saint the answer to this question is obvious. One thing is required at the hands of this

The commandment to observe the Lord's Day was first given to the people, and to understand which there is no

Children of Israel from Mount Sinai. Since that time it has been reiterated necessity for receiving a commandment

in every dispensation. every year, viz.: to pay their tithing....

onetenth. The Bible is clear that, so far as that record is concerned, to its very there is the law—pay

end Sabbath observance continues to be the law. The Book of Mormon President John Taylor

definitely makes the same commandment a part of Gospel Teaching. The I am desirous to see the people observe

Doctrine and Covenants, the most modern of scriptures, confirms the prethis law of tithing, because it is a plain and vious teachings and enjoins strict observance of the Sabbath Day. direct command to us.... It is for us, as

At no time has there been any pronouncement, scriptural, or otherwise, Saints of the Most High, to be honest and course, to upright correct be take and a to the change Therefore, regardless others commandment. of what may

full princorrect integrity of maintain and other do sanction, churches Saints or what are under Latterday may at all ciples times. Tithing everywhere and

strict to obligation give to to "rest observance, labors pay from your and is faith test given of has which a God thy devotions unto the Most High."unto us.

The commandment continues, "and on this day thou shalt do none other President Wilford Woodruff fasting singleness thing, that of heart with thy let thy food only be prepared of looked the people have upon Some.. or, that perfect, in other words, be full.. And thy joy may may be inthe tithing of buras a kind tax and law of

asmuch as ye do these things with thanksgiving, with cheerful hearts and den laid upon them, but who is it for? Our

countenances, not with much laughter, for this is sin, but with a glad tithing, our labor, and all that we do in the heart and countenance... the fullness of the earth is yours... the good kingdom of God, who is it all for? The

things which come of the earth, whether for food or for raiment... to tithing is not to exalt the Lord, or to feed

I to brethren the clothe or Him. want... final injunctions

this tithing, thing, that our understand one none is his and strengthenpromises—"Andthe body andin nothingto enlivendoththemansoul."offendAndGod,thenortheagainst labor, for the are exnot our our works

wrath kindled, save those who confess not his hand in all things, and obey altation of the Almighty, but they are for us.

.. learn that the of doeth. But not his commandments. works he who President Lorenzo Snow his eternal in this shall receive reward, righteousness peace even world, and

failure to in a regard been There it, life I, the Lord, in the to come. world have spoken and the Spirit this failure of serious so law havingconsecration—a Sec. record. (Doctrine 59:1324.) beareth Amen."and Covenants, in to that great it resulted the people misery

serious Saints to give consideration are urged to Latterday after the that proper of years Lord few God—a

families. in their of the observance homes Sabbath among their and to for the Saints observe another gave law

Amusements, sports, outings, visits to pleasure resorts, fishing, hunting, and in place of the law of consecration. It is

other forms of recreation are in direct violation of all commandments and called the law of tithing. If we look upon

light, in its will the we* proper see this law this subject. travel or should Unnecessary teachings avoided. on work be

it, that will of importance the danger and limit duties to household preparation should even minimum. a Advance

it. fail result to observe if we

spirit in worship, fostered of rest, should prayer and be every home. The

President Joseph F. Smith

By this principle (tithing) the loyalty of this the shall to of put people be Church talks special Second: That on INTITHING EDUCATION MAY

it test. this principle shall the be known By tithing in presented prepared be and of for observance ChurchwideT)lans is is for the of and kingdom who God who all Meeting, of meetings Sacrament and

it. it this shall principle against be has followed the plan been By which Melchizedek Aaronic Priesthood and set will the hearts seen are doing on whose Tithto pastfor years several "Teach

orauxiliary of quorums each the and of keeping His commandments, and God ining by announced been have May"It ganizations held during the month. the of sanctifying land thereby unto Zion Bishopric. Presiding programthe The this principle to is are God, opposed and five that suggested these talks who of be

tithing will the carry messuggested off blessthe themselves cut from and have minutes'duration difthat as and many in Church. into thesage every home ings Zion. of ferent speakers as possible given be

of special features the movementThe these assignments. Suggestions President of a Heber Grant J. thethis year, commemorates which special of topics state- I number and to to the Saints Latterday appeal be

first revelation of101st the anniversary Father, honest our with because Heavenly of leaders ments been have Church this tithing dispensation, in areon fulfilling the obligation are they and law an sent to presidencies, stake bishward all that special First: request for so. will A bless doing them Being and He presidents the ops branch Preand by

in branches is Teachers strictly and wards honest the a with Lord goodWard way siding Bishopric.

to faith in teach the children your effort Gospel special the during a monthmake of May to reach every Latterday Saint Third: That a special effort be made of Jesus Christ. It is a marvel that any

divinity the of testimony of having a man giving people, teach tithing tithing, to young as to the with message onhome are the as Latengaged in which work we this reasons principle should be in why theoutlined Teacher's Ward lullabies to his terday Saints sing can conthe accepted of all Church. by all members that Message, andMonthly members figuratively speaking, science, not be and

of the families visited who earn may be The topics suggested for the fiveabsolutely honest with the Lord in the payencouraged to pay tithing. minute talks include a wide variety, ment of his tithes.

of age. Above this group, an Adult witness the pageantry and take part in

Department will be maintained with a the dance.

and queen a the coronation ceremony In but the Senior program, rich and varied wards the thirteen of retinue each from after her will not be continued Department impressive part, an making the stake of took ather the spectacle. queen and BesidesHAVE YOU READ whothe presenthave beenMutualmembersseason.of the SeniorThose train included two group tendants, eachTHE PAMPHLETS ON Department may join either the Adult bearers, two flower girls, and a crown bearGleaners. crowns or and placed the er. wards of the Bishops Men the MLIQUOR AND TOBACCO? group

queens. their respective in selection of of that your the heads This means upon

HThe three pamphlets: "Alcohol Talks officers for the coming season and in The ceremony was punctuated at ap-

1 to Youth,""Nicotine on the Air,"your appointment of delegates to atpropriate intervals by calls from the court assistants. bugler and two in Practishould o the Conference, tend youand June Wisdom "The Word the included numbers Special dance in large sent out select leaders for and the beencal Terms,"have Men M foxtrot the Aloha and Oe Gleam Waltz forquantities the Committee care adequately Gleaners General can by who all an I. wards, from dancers A. M. by liquor against this division. enlarged the the Confercampaignconducting At and Marcella original Thompson dance by

and tobacco to all stake presidencies, ence a full explanation of the new plan Dean Madsen of Tremonton; the Gold and

who in turn have distributed them to will be given. Green caprice by Tremonton dancers, and

ward bishoprics. There should be a Immediately following this event our the Green Fantasy by Garland dancers.

copy of each in every home of the Stake Annual Conventions begin. This Committees in charge of various details

Church. is another reason for the early perfectof the arrangements included members of

Have you received and read yours? ing of our organizations, so that all the stake boards. Cooperating with the advertising for shall officers ask serve are to during the At June Conference who we the M Menand anddecoratingGleanercommitteesleaders ofwerethe at to affirmation as of in attendance year hands coming bean by show may

stake. officers these conventions. our read of have manyhow

that copiesthese urge pamphlets. We I. A.

read at once by all NETHERLANDS MISSION PORTNEUF STAKE M. andbe procured

officers and members. "Alcohol Talks "Crom Mrs. Claire Murdock of the GOLD AND GREEN BALL

is pricedto at 10c but the Youth"Netherlands Mission comes others of charge. are free a reTwothemselveshundreddancingyoung atpeoplethe Portneufenjoyed port successful musical of the very

under 24, 1939, Idaho, March Downey, OFANNOUNCEMENT year just passed and the preparations stake annual Gold and Green ball, given

I. direction A. superof the the stake M.ENLARGED M MEN AND thefor verythe nextgreat season'skindness work.of a Mr.ThroughStreetintendency.at

GLEANER DEPARTMENTS man, who is not a member of the Hyde's Hall was beautifully decorated the translation of the Church, opera paper, punch crepe green and gold with and(Copy of Letter to Sent the of English Girls the from Martha was Swan served Hive Bee made was by SuperintendentsStake and gave 11 o'clock dancing into ward. At Lake the language. In to order DutchPresidents 22, 1939) on March queens. the of to the crowning way A translated Streetman do this, beMr.

the led attendants queens'grand march by at regular tween his hours working and for time another annual the JuneAs escorts heraldfestivities. and queens The free credit of charge."and all nights, Much approaches, Conference we are ballet dancer trumpeters and a ed by

its gratitude for to goes him much this in preparation for eventengaged seats their to where triumphantly marched and for the launching of a new season's success. they were crowned. A tribute was paid

program. Between now and the ConThe opera was produced four times, them by the stake Y. W. M. I. A. presiference, there are many important first in Amsterdam, second in Rotterdent, who presented each with a corsage

things to be done, one of which is to dam at the regular June Conference, of sweet peas and roses.

the and couples danced Gold Eighty thatsee the organization and memberthird in in fourth Groningen, Rotand sets five waltz, trot with and fox Green inin stakes keptship are wards and for spring again terdam conference the entertainment Caprice. Further the dancingtact. of reApril, are 1939. people Many floor the presented ward by Downey was

I. is proround a year A. M. The for sponsible the oustanding success show.

gram and its organization should be of the opera in Holland. Among those

entire year.continuous the throughout in the prominent were who work were DISTRICT ELDERS VERMONT that, far as asIt is therefore hoped Ijlst, Bakker, and Elder Kest, H. Hans SUCCESS SCORE BASKETBALLpossible, officers proved have who the Elder time present Panman. At

will capablethemselves devoted and of the Eng- L. plans translate to Park Herman been have New made The C

service. in therecontinue should But

through for land sends year's Mission next word Chimes Normandy of filled vacancies, they shouldbe be any director, L. publicity presentation. Elder radio and officers thatpromptly so have new may organrecently that April Hochstrasser, conference a included R. an The in participating the benefitthe of Conin opera, the ized Florinda, the basketball Primary, given team Vermont by instructions receivingference and and

I. infor A., District the responsible opera, the a been has Martha, by M.inspiration therefrom.

activities. interest in proselyting direction the of under the M. creased to andrama time are happy At this we

of I. A., part the of Elders Fulness Darl E. Andersen, Times, Composed of simplificaimportantnounce an to you

tion in the structure of our program staged by the M. I. A. and the PriestRonald J. Ball, Sherman L. Park, Edwhich, we believe, will be received hood. win H. Smart, Earl Williams, and Merwith favor throughout the stakes and rill B. Robinson, the group has been

wards of the Church. As a result of BEAR RIVER STAKE GOLD holding practice twice weekly at the

many contacts with the field and much AND GREEN BALL Burlington Y. M. C. A., where tracts

to pamphlets been distributed have deliberation seriousprayerful and officers River I. A. are and Stake M. on Bear interested Fast, clean people. young Boards, it has the Generalthe part of gratified success of over the the stakebeen decided to extend the M MenGold and Green ball held on February 25, victories at the city of Rochester won

Gleaner Department to include young when an enthusiastic crowd taxed the cafavorable publicity, as did the team's men and women up to around 30 years pacity of the high school gymnasium to performance in other parts of the state.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

OAKLAND NEW CHURCH TOURNAMENT CHAMPIONS AND RUNNERSUP

CAPITAL OF M MEN BASKETBALL By Les Goates, Sports Editor of the Deseret News

IIore than ever an enthusiastic ex-

M Menpressionbasketballof a loftyprogramidealism,of thethe

Mutual Improvement Association attained new standards of playing skill and another record for mass participation during the season of 193839.

A conservative estimate of the number of young men and boys who took part in this vast Church recreation program throughout the world places the number at 10,000. Almost every ward,

branch, and mission had a basketball team, although not all of them were so situated that they could engage in regular league competition. Moreover,

some of the larger wards sponsored not only the first team but a second and a junior squad as well.

The M. I. A. courtiers took a long

stride toward a more scientific brand of basketball this year. Coached by unpaid directors, many of them former

high school and college stars, the game as played by the M Men more nearly approached junior college and university standards than ever before. Indeed, 193839 in Mutual basketball

might well be termed the year the sport turned "orthodox."

Cutting a wide swath through representatives of Utah's metropolitan areas, the Oakland Ward team, champions of the San Francisco District, dominated the allChurch tournament, the bestattended championship meet in the history of this colorful event.

The Pacific coast entry, headed by four former Utahns, was awarded the

Deseret News trophy, giving the Sunshine State its second title. Glendale

of the Los Angeles District won the gonfalon in 1932 at Ogden.

With John Wilkins, guard; Jack

Shields, forward; and Earl Margetts,

center, as mainstays, the champions opened with a 3938 victory over

ever of strongest California's Champions, to out Region, Top: Oakland Bay comeWasatch M Men Lake, moved Ward of Salt

includes: championship trophy. theWard—AllChurch (left Deseret Front with row squad News The Oakland tointo the quarterfinals by whipping Ogphotographedright): Wilkins, Earl Shields, Larson. Margetts, Margetts, Dexter Jack Ted John McBride, Back row: Jim

den Fourth ward 3933, trimmed Hector Gardiner, Regis Hurley, Joe Hurley, Coach Garney Johnson.

Eighteenth bid Salt Lake Center: for a gallant made who Men Tournament, cham- M of 3927, and then took ProvoManavu

pionship Eastoti, the (left to right): honors. Ward—RunnersupFront Davis, squad are: row Ray Ler Guyman, On Abie Mackthe title over Eighteenth romping by Koller. Bill Stone, row: Vanderwerff, Voyce, Mangos, Dr. Stewart Swenson, Wright, Harry Back Waldo Don Kay

Ward of Salt Lake, 4128. Elton Larsen, Coach Ralph Tucker, Dick Boshard.

President Below: Heber J. Grant and Coach Garney Johnson, Oakland Coach, who received the Deseret News Oakland Garney by was coached

the titular following game. onetime SpringtrophyJohnson, star with the

ville High School team. Other stellar

performers on the squad included Ted games played by the two finalists were triumph over Lovell West Ward of

McBride and Jim Margetts, also former won with a total of 39 points. Wyoming.

Utahns, and Joe Hurley, guard, and Third place went to the clever, hustThe tournament presented the unprecRegis Hurley, forward. ling Manavu five which defeated Benedented case of two undefeated teams.

Eighteenth Ward, one of the surprise nion 38 to 24 on the final day's play. It happened this way: St. Johns was

clubs in the meet, reached the finals by Fourth position was attained by Springpushed into the consolation bracket turning back South Jordan, 3922, ville First, 6228 winner over Ogden after winning a firstround game from

Springville First, 3924, and Bennion Fourth. Consolation honors and fifth Elysian Park of Los Angeles because

Ward, 3926. It was somewhat of a place went to St. Johns, Arizona's perone of the Arizona players was found

"Miracle of Sport"that six of the eight ennial entry as a result of a 4337 to be ineligible. Led by Ross Overson,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

greatest scorer the tournament has ever also gave a large gold statuette to the dation for what is to come. Watch

known, the Saints went on to win three California team and a silver plaque for then for definite announcements and more contests and leave the meet with the best sportsmanship to the Lovell letters coming to you and if possible a clean slate. St. Johns also led all conWest Ward, "Wyoming Indians,"make a date on your private calendar

testants in scoring with 184 points, an both with the compliments of the Desto be a participant in the 1939 June average of 46 per game. Overson eret News. Conference.

scored 74 points and set an alltime single game record of 38 points. This

was the Arizonian's finale to M Men basketball and it gave him an alltimetotal of 418 points for the five tournas2(umou ments in which he has participated. GLEANER QUERIES TITay brings the end of our programquintet Lovell The was awardWest hope

the Sportsmanship Desereted News 1. We have had so much fun in our that themed"glowclassroomwithin"work.for JuniorWe leadTrophy, being chosen by a vote conGleaner class that we don't want to ers is commensurate with the enthusiducted among the teams by John D. stop during the summer. What can asm and industry which have gone into

Giles, C. Warner, and Reed H. you Homer year's suggest for us to do at our the had such have work. We

meetings? directors. tournamentRichards, this of reports Junior splendid work

Overson led the Deseret NewsIm Most Gleaner classes meet at least once year—of gains made in JuniorExplorer

provement Era AllChurch honor selec- a month during the summer and some have work, of delightful parties and happy tions for the fourth time, being picked a regular class every Tuesday, for there Junior festivals—that we have a fine,

as center with Jack Shields of Oakis no need of a vacation for lovely friendwarm feeling of coming into the home land, forward; Ray Guyman of Eightships. This is a fine opportunity to study stretch with all our Junior lights at

is particularly class that the things your Sayer,eenth, forward; their Manavu, Lamar brightest. It should be a gala

in, personality, speech, interested as suchguard; Wilkins, Oakland, month. and John vocations, reviews, hobbies. book Oneguard. group of girls meets once a week to sew Two events—ward theme festival

The second team included Abie and in the fall holds a "Trousseau Tea"and honor day and the stake counterDavis, Eighteenth, and Joe Hurley, to display the things made. Another works part—are before us. We hope to see

Oakland, forwards; John Fullmer, Ciron Treasures of Truth books and has a disJuniors represented 100 percent bright

cleville, center; Bert Cherrington, play of them at the announcement party at both gatherings and we hope, equalSpringville First, and Don Rogers, early in September. ly fervently, that Juniors make a very

Lovell West, guards. Delbert Lee, 2. When should Gleaner ward and active contribution to both.

St. Johns, and Ralph Hulse, Wasatch, stake officers take office? Let's not be lulled to sleep by the

best time season. is the Right cenforwards; Wasatch, now Ed Evans, May

theter; think through the year to St. Johns, Waite, whole and Edward and officersUsuallyuntilwardsSeptemberdo not orholdOctoberelectionso asof in

Earl Margetts, Oakland, guards, were to use any new girls moving into the ward. year's program. Underline your markchosen on the third team. The old officers often work with the new ed successes; spot your weaknesses;

The complete allChurch tournament ones on the first large event such as the analyze your problems; and consolidate

results follow: first comraderie night. The new officers your gains. What for? So that you can

varies on. plan then This take charge from for possible leader best the Junior be First 49, Lovell West different of in and needs wards because day—Beaver is that year. old axiom an next There Ida. Oakley, 43; 43, 21; is for desires. Manavu bestWest you. what Do are like to anything which do we we elected officers are stake Gleaner 38; 39, The Ogden WasatchOakland

If well. enjoyed able to have you do in early that the so they spring enough St. Ida. 35, 25;Fourth McCammon,

right this to your year's work down the get and attend Conference June may (overtime, Elysian 37, Park 35Johns congratuto are started ankle be during bones following the year for plans you ineligibility disforfeited,later to due office least at If take the there by summer. leader. a are They good

Circleville 38, 31;covery); Bennion lated—you 1st. June efforts your been moments have when 23; Spring39,Eighteenth South Jordan

forced, to try think through them were leader 3. like give to our would 24.ville First 40, Fourth Logan We find badly doing were you where and gift class. the small from some What 39, Second Ogden day—Oakland it it preparation? lack of Was a—was She's get been her? such could we 38, 33; BeaverFourth West Manavu

it healthof of lack lack prayer? Was all us. of to inspiration help and First Springville 39, 24; Eighteenth30;

failure living, ful friendly to gain or a 24; Lovell 26, Elysian ParkBennion is to the certainly of time year This girls? enjoy us of Let your knowledge

27; 36, 41, Fourth Oakley Logan helped loyal leaders the think of haveWest who full doing next to the our year by work to for them thank and so weeks 45, 21; you manySouth Wasatch Jordan Mcit superbly. gift if to in a other verbally way. As no Circleville St. 63, 32; JohnsCammon this the into with us Let go summer girls acceptable. is always a The book31.

it it play with found enthusiasm will their to and and sign be new names can 39, Third Manavu day—Oakland class, fine of is Gleaner a memento a lasting tremendous our Juniors. a Summer

26;27; 39, Bennion Eighteenth cherish. will leader always your Ogden one for opportunity understanddeveloping

42; Spring48, BeaverFourth West her. interests Surely that a book Choose attitudes, ing, the poise vigor, sane and

ville First 43, 31; Lovell can Elysian given, Park has after she lessons you the skills. physical that Brush with comes

tell like. she would St. what 41, 39, 33; Johns WasatchWest hiking, tennis, your swimming, on up

36. FourthLogan pitching, horseshoe sewwork, camera Suggestions Eighteenth Final 41, day—Oakland girls ing, the gardening, help imand

24; Spring38,28; Bennion Manavu for to If Congratulations Stake their aptitudes. Moroni help each prove weville First St. 62, 28; Fourth Ogden Sheaf! binding physical a of Stake other our some overcome

37. 43, LovellJohns West are for plans shall Conference long ineptness, a June The gone have we

At the conclusion of the tournament so thrilling to the committee that each way toward overcoming selfcon-

President Grant presented gold basketmember wishes she could shout them sciousness and establishing selfrespect ball fobs to the members of the chamfrom the housetops. She thinks that in our girls. Also we have strengthened

pionship Oakland team and silver fobs the coming year will be the best ever our own influence considerably. And

to the runnersup Eighteenth Ward and wants to share it with you. She with these fine tools any leader can do

players, these awards being the cusis hoping you can all be in Salt Lake an enormous amount of character tomary trophies from the General Board in June and join the various activities building. We can all make tremendous

of the Y. M. M. I. A. President Grant and meetings which will lay the founcontributions to the lifelong happiness

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

of our girls by using our "after lesson work"season—and using it wholeheartedly.

And there's another axiom that says, we cannot contribute even a small amount of happiness to another without gaining twice that amount ourselves.

Bring this new fervor to June Conference. Your committee is working

hard to meet your needs and to help as best it can in this lovely task which is mutually ours. You'll be helping us.

more than you know, if you'll come with enthusiasm, with practical aids for solving problems—with the desire

to contribute as well as to receive. We

are hoping for discussion this year as much of it as is possible. It will

help stimulate thought if, while the work is fresh before you, you make your year's analysis and write us of your problems and successes. Do it

right to promise we now—please—and

Conferdo our best for you at June ence. We're looking forward to seeing all of you.

UTAH AND SHARON STAKES REPORT DELIGHTFUL JUNIOR FESTIVALS 1. Tickets sold for 15c or Junior girl and

mother for 25c.

2. As each person entered she received

a slip saying: Please rotate in the following manner:

1. Fairy story 1. Pioneer story

2. Pioneer story 2. Humorous story

3. Humorous story 3. Romantic story

4. Romantic story 4. Adventure story

5. Adventure story 5. Dramatic story

6. Dramatic story 6. Refreshments

7. Refreshments 7. Fairy story

The entire group was divided into seven groups automatically. The third group started with the Humorous story, etc. The

fourth group with the Romantic story.

We started the evening in the chapel with community singing and prayer.

We then went into the amusement hall for fun, games, and dances. (Truthfully the mothers entered in as if they

had never had such a good time.

1. Pocatello Stake Festival I. A. Chorus. Music M. the at their peak games were When

at and held Stake Long Beach Ball 2. Center, Recreation California. Green Gold Belmont Long Beach,a bugle appages blown two and was of 3. of Council the Presidency Stake Members and Rigby, Idaho. High Rigby Stake,

peared announcing that the Story Fesfrom left to right, first row: Omer S. Cordon, First Counselor; Hyrum T. Moss, Pesident; ReadingP. W.

tival would now begin. They marched ofDabell,the SecondHigh Council;Counselor;A. T.0, Johnson;A. Snow, HyrumStake Severson;Clerk. SecondJohn Lee.row: ThirdJ. H. row:Holland,WalterSeniorClements;member

down the full length of the amusement Lyman J. Ball; John T. Poole; George W. Sumners; Fred L. Rogers.

hall and each person resorted to her 4. Moroni East Ward, Moroni Stake, Gleaner group.

events 5. that of the place took One the Ball, at the San Gold Stake and Green queen Juan in Whichslip received, which she had and which

led the Waltz. Gleam

outlined the above, and enjoyedI have

AllIndian of 6. First right: Bishopric Malad row, Washakie Stake: Perdash, left to Ward, Nephi

full round of stories and refreshments. first counselor; Moroni Timbimboo, present bishop; Jim John Neuman, second counselor. Second

(You will notice that in this manner row, left to right: George W. Ward, former bishop; and George Parry, retiring bishop.

the group was not too large to be accommodated for refreshments. We

might add that the table was lovely and was served as a tea.)

The entire group then proceeded to the amusement hall again where chairs had been arranged and a beautiful pageant depicting the life of a girl, was given.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

the lawn, in the park, at each other's Jubilee year. At 4 o'clock we plan to

homes, at the beach, or in any other hold a meeting with just the stake Bee place that lends itself to play and preKeepers with the hope that we may sents an opportunity to put over the give some help regarding their monthinteresting, attracin ly leadership meetings. honor an badges relight campfire the of glowingHpHE tive way. If are at with us you ConferJune circle as faces our of veals a happy plans perhaps a your Keeper Bee As plan to ence stay participate over andgirls recall tell stories the sing and and it is for that are impossible such you in the program. of This course Monday closing day. the of pleasuresmany girls to during the with your summeet is all for given the the departments of call will clear of taps the soundSoon mer; sure leave before then be you it is but particularly Mutual, of much fire will pines, exthe the bethrough that enthusiastic capable, other some useful the to department. Bee Hive will lookingtinguished be up eyes and is to help appointed your Bee Keeper

fiuntil has stars, There been at ainto change so the the heavens made girls vacation. during Your summer

far as five the presenting talking threenally laughter and the hushed and will happier vacation be much own pins. if year Keeper's Bee presentaThis sleepceases creeps over Bee and girls that well are being your you know tion will longer at the be no a made camp. happyHive Such day—theour your supervised during helped and

session of conference. eating of lake, meals to the Sunday the joyhike absence.

felt like that this the should fun of the done themselves,prepared by we morningWe in for help planning need you Do that in session. conference our hunt,treasure the knowledge own new The your hope summer work? Then we fiveyear pins will presented through outof-doors Saturof thehas be come effort will to us with an be you make

in afternoon flowers, trees, the the departday the Bee Hive theobserving at Conference. Saturday The June ment. will threeyear pins prebeginningrocks, clouds. the be The The will at session, starting 9:30, of morning

richer friendships because of this opbe built around summer activities and sented at the Sunday night convention meeting. better! toportunity each other know filling feel the of badges. honor We outstanding experience an can beThis quite that certain the suggestions given enjoyed hope have you your We of girlhood. thealong an What way as for the past obduring a Keepers threeday Bee work camp, a oneday

opportunity is yours! servation hike, paying particular attenyear; that you have found the new

We hope that plans are being made tion to the trees and flowers, activities book helpful in putting over this work.

for every Bee Hive Swarm to meet on home nursing and handicrafts for With the experience you have acquired during the summer months. This is the the lawn and home, as well as the dancthis year you can be even more suctime for you to promote interest in the ing. Games for summer work will be cessful in the work next year. You are

honor badges and to make it fun to helpful to you. The afternoon session needed as a Bee Keeper, and we hope

complete this work. It may not be will be given over to the three departto have you working with us not only

possible for you to go to the mountains ments. There will also be treated our during the summer but back again at

reading course, and the opening of Mutual in September.but you can meet with your girls on theme—project,

L. D. S. SILVER BEAVER AND 25YEAR VETERAN SCOUTERS

Top row, left to right: Roy Passey, Silver Beaver; B. Glen Smith, Silver Beaver and 25year veteran; A. J. Winters, Scoutmaster, District Commissioner;

L. Grant Fox, Silver Beaver; Henry W. Eddington; Charles De Graff, Silver Beaver and 25year veteran; Grant B. Snow, Silver Beaver; Harold Lundell, Silver

Beaver.

Second row, left to right: H. Eugene Hughes, Silver Beaver; W. C. Roberts, Silver Beaver; W. C. "Bill"Hart, Snake River Area Council; Harold R.

Papworth, Scout Commissioner, Silver Beaver; W. D. Cummings, Silver Beaver, Ogden Area; Albert Black, Silver Beaver; N. J. Alex Nielson, Silver Beaver;

Abner Baird, Siver Beaver.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

Melchizedek Priesthood HIDDEN MELODY (Concluded from page 297) [Concluded from page 273) shining walnut piano, waiting to be porting, wholly or in part, a member There'll be sorrow in the parting played.

of their quorum in the mission field. with grandparents, or father and Eileen was just a girl, nineteen,

The Elders and Seventies of the 5th mother. There'll be laughter and who liked to dance and laugh and

Ward have completed the beautifying tears, and pain and joy, and disputter among the window boxes of of the chapel grounds. appointment and ambition, but the botany lab. No, she couldn't

The 1 8th Ward Elders and Seventies through it all I shan't need to worry know anything about the future.

building of in a assisted Boy the have lilacs the whispered have But may I'll in or fret, because up be locked song obtaining some cabin and Scout her. a took something to deep She stout heart."great a for the ward. books like their pine fragrance of breath

Priests 233rd quorum and High The rain water boards and soap and and regular doing been have of Seventy

. it all in early the morning. couldn't JLldLEEN say was And project. as a They quorum temple work

feel that it has stimulated interest in that, because she had no way of then she said gently:

the quorum and brought about a much knowing it, for it was all in the fu- "No, Raymond; you go ahead and

better spirit of brotherhood in the ture; only not, of course, if she marbe somebody important. I guess I'll

quorum. ried Raymond Ellis. Her life lay teach kinda wait around and—just of quorums 1st, 3rd and 4th The like the hidden a melody among meet and fall somebody—I at to furnished work men Elders have

strings of years."of these a boards and sounding in love—onemight 198th the storehouse, bishop's and the

quorum of Seventy has been on two parties, the proceeds picking bean to the bishop's over of STRANGE FACTS ABOUT AUSTRALIA were turned which storehouse. [Continued from page 260) filled in the news session of the chilThe 250th quorum of Seventy has a tions in the different parts of the coundren's hour four or five times over one

male chorus of 25 members. They have try. Questions of doctrine and other of Sydney's finest stations. By being

made six public appearances and used matters directly concerning the Church announced as "Missionaries of the members of the quorum as speakers. are not allowed as yet but travel talks Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

inactive brethrenMany stories of the Saints Salt America, are becoming about Utah,"from Western Lake City, this project. interested through telling indirectly as history the Indians, along with their about and by

Curlew Stake given in the Book of Mormon, are told. Church, we are breaking down prejuOur travel talks very often are about dices and giving the people a better

The 165th quorum of Seventy have Utah, and it is impossible to tell about picture of Mormonism.

returns from part of their lamb project.

Ten members each raised a lamb. Seven of them were sold for $21.60, and

the others will be sold soon. They also

have a wheat project in which 35 acres of fall wheat is up in good shape. They

report that the father of one of their missionaries lost his crop by hail, and it to see the can is doing what quorum not does have that the missionary to JUDDPRESIDENTAND THEJAMESGROUP

MISOF AUSTRALIAN first of to the Novemhome. come Up

SIONARIES HAVE WHO about $100. donated ber they had ATHCONDUCTED THE

LETIC ACTIVITIES North Davis Stake DESCRIBED IN THIS

Three Melchizedek Priesthood quoARTICLE.

rums, the 55th quorum of Seventy, the 5th and 7th quorums of Elders, have turned over to the Church Welfare program 523/J tons of tomatoes. In

addition, the 5th quorum of Elders had

V/2 acres of potatoes to be harvested.

.The other quorums of the stake have

also contributed tomatoes as quorum projects.

Bannock Stake

Raising wheat for the Church WelUtah without telling about the Church. The Y. M. C. A. sponsors yearly

fare program has been the chief project The Welfare program, the missionary basketball tournaments. A team comof the quorums in Bannock stake. The system, and related subjects are used. prised of Mormon Elders entered the

High Priests quorum contributed 450 Because the people here are so interMelbourne tournament. They played

bushels, the 108th quorum of Seventy ested in the United States and because nineteen league games, winning all of furnished 150 bushels, and the 2nd quothose giving the talks speak with an them and the championship. Newsrum of Elders donated 200 bushels. American "twang"the programs are paper articles praised the Mormon team

very successful everywhere they are and the players individually. One paper

Pasadena Stake High Priests given. which less than a year before had pubarticle lished the about unfavorable an series, talk regular travel Besides the maintaining a stakewide are We

picfeatured Elders aron its sport page been programs have has incidental plant. repair shoe An apprentice

been trained and is now doing excelranged. Two half hour programs were tures and favorable comments on the

lent work. One of our brethren has given over a large Sydney station durMormon basketball players. Radio stavolunteered this training, as well as ing which the Elders could preach Mortions asked the players to tell their lisproffered the use of the plant and tools. mon doctrine. The Elders have even (Concluded on page 307)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

OUR OPPORTUNITIES IN THE LEADERSHIP OF YOUTH (Concluded from page 277) to find themselves, they have almost but when the home doesn't do it, is destructive, if our pleasures have become found their way. There is no other we have to help the school do it.

vices, if there is a burning up and a destabilizing influence comparable to HThe third opportunity is in the finer spirthestruction, an eating away of in of these three. It is sanctified by conChurch. When I speak of the theitual natures kind of mankind

pursuits that we take on for our recreasecration to God. Church, I am thinking primarily of

tion, then there is no possible hope of salAnd finally we must help youth the layman's responsibility, and I vation. find a post in community service, do not know of any church in the

responsihas world that developed to place some work in the communif is true, that so we leaders And bility than the Latterday more ity for betterment the of mankind, inof apprethe youth must Church

Saints This Church. whole Church humanity, place to work some that grave forciate the fact a we have organization, a lay that and means in the world; the is and sometimes recreresponsibility in directing the

ational life and in helping our youth world for most of us is the world that every man and every woman to find in their societies, in their about us in our nearest and most inhas some part, some responsibility, sports, in all that they do in their timate relationships. in the conduct of the Church. I do of any Church in know which are our opportunities not whatrecreational social programs Now, and

there for is a better opportunity the fields? these upliftingthings that are and that in

older groups with to work and helpleave a deposit of spiritual and sois First, opportunity the largest the groups. younger

cial gain. social in the home. The primary is not confined to Church The

in the are home. adjustments If we worship, nor to conferences conandHThen we have a further responsito are going youth as leaders of ventions, extends its but saving

is bility, to help that youth and are large in a way, help youth we in principles in store, the bank, the

I thatfind vocations. believe their its to help the with going home in school, the the farm, on wherever

instabilizing great threethere are are going for youth. program We there are employed. men Wherever

life in offluences the one and man relationparent-child the to help at are there you work, the Church is life his find to must work. One I only thinking ships. not now am is of at work. are worshipGod You

find to do, that things he wants the with side the of material of the home in in your daily conduct, ping God life his hethat give he can to, and ventilabetter better housing and daily in your assembly, your daily it. findwill a fine doing joy in What air, tion more and more sunlight and work.

if it is helpthing youth can we sanitation to refrigeration, and and us Let find help their youth way.

field of infind their vocations the diet. balanced care medical and help I Let us find in them God

if interests,their exin our keenest cultural of the only thinking not am world. His find us help Let them

arts, trades,planation of the various music the as side books such and within them. Let help us them God

sciences, and professions, we can and magazines and radio programs. find an adequate philosophy of life.

field ofhelp find the a young man spiritof thinking a social and I am Let us help understand them and ingifthis largest then and and interest of that thinking side. ual I am spirit terpret plan God's for humanity

help him to develop an ambition and in the home that makes it a democthe brotherhood of mankind. Letin

set his goal to go out and succeed racy, a sanctuary, that surrounds us help them see the larger visions in that field. What a stabilizing inyouth with that spiritual life, which of the world and our part in it influence! If we can do this, we need makes it possible to find spiritual stead of the narrow vision, the selhave no worry about letting a boy foundations. fish, the sectarian, the racial vision

orloose the sending him highway on is in the opportunity or the second economic philosophy of Our poIf college he or to anywhere.away If litical to society never school. were sets the economy which hand

in his fixed heart purpose ahas and level rise of the the of and against above home man and man manmakes life chosen ambition aan work and it all if could did that poskind the the of home enemy mankind.

is for himself success preparingand sibly great not there be all do, so would Let us this, triumph above and field,in that anchored. he is school, for the a but help this need to youth develop larger now we

Next to finding his life work is look to the school to supplement the vision, a larger concept of life.

finding his companion for life. deficiency of the home. We think {From a Tabernacle Address, June,

When a young man finds the young of the school as a place where chil1938.)

iwoman who will be the mother of dren acquire the fundamentals of * his children,his of the queen home learning, art and certain fireside, absohas heand in whom arts. creative tion and certain appreciaWe Strange Facts

lute trust, whom he loves with a have put great stress in recent years About Australia holy affection, whose life becomes upon student activities. We have (Concluded from page 306)

his counterpart and their lives fold made schools small cities. We have teners about themselves and why they

together in one, there is no other had them running as a communwere in Australia. Complementing the

influence quite comparable to that ity. They publish a paper. They basketball activities the team gave

influence. have a bank. They have a store. demonstrations on how the American

football is thrown. demonstrations The committees. third have have with They They The these two—and the rest were during period made beis like in either student government which cannotthey a be

halves of football here. tween games nation. municipality finding or state orimportance or They sequence—isseparated missionaries were The announced

God and religion. When a young go through all the activities that are from Salt Lake City and representaas

man and a young woman have laid gone through in the community. tives of the Mormon Church. A total

their foundation of life in a spiritual They have first aid and traffic police of more than 150,000 people witnessed experience, when religion and home and a great many other responsithese demonstrations of passing the life and life work have helped them bilities. The home should do more football.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

UTAH'S PIONEER "WOMEN DOCTORS {Continued from page 275) ward credit accounts through which nacle. There was delightful music

had been informed of the plan; local patients whose need was great from the children's chorus; Profesthrough circulars, people everybut whose purse was inadequate sor Beesley conducted the choir in a

where had been notified and invited might receive hospital care. selection from Handel's Messiah,

to medical board had sent The Tn the first medical report, seven of the full supply for a Yorkto be present at the opening meetNewing.

very best instruments obtainable. patients were noted as received.

The office of The Woman's ExThe new hospital was not to suffer The sisters were putting up fruits ponent had before been the scene of by comparison with those longer and jellies in their homes for themany remarkable occasions—it was established in the community. cause. Quarters of beef and veni-

a veritable clearinghouse for signiEverything was ready but the son, pigs, cows, calves, and chickens ficantwomen—butideas amongnone hadLatterdayever beenSaintof building.signed to Thetake openingplace inhadMay.been Butdewerein a livelycomingstatein aswhengifts.certainAffairsoccurwere

more importance than this womanthe house which had been chosen for rences proved threatening. Though

sponsored undertaking for the good occupation, the Livingston home on sacrifices had been made without a of the Mormon commonwealth. It Fifth East Street, between South murmur, though labors of love had

was the communal feeling itself, exTemple and First South Streets in been performed gladly and unceasistent among all the stakes of Zion, Salt Lake City, had not yet been ingly, there was yet another condiupon which the founders were deturned over to the hospital. A tion of altruism to be attained, a

pendent for their perceptible supscheduled school of anatomy was of state of untrammeled harmony port. But it was in the hands of the necessity postponed to a later date among the many workers and all of

Priesthood that the life of the Desthan that which had been announced the various board members themeret Hospital actually rested. Withfor the opening lesson, as, to be sure, selves. This was an ideal which

out their cooperation the women was the dedication of the project. they never ceased to cherish. The

could never have brought their ideal But this ceremony took place only words of the Lord, as pronounced into being. How suitable was the two months later than had been by St. John, "This is my commandpresence of two members of the First planned. On July 17, 1882, the servment, That ye love one another, as

Presidency and other men of high ices occurred. They were like a I have loved you,"lived ever in their

standing in the Church at this orcrown of benediction to the workers hearts. And yet this state could not

ganization meeting! after the toil, the expenditure of encome about until each woman con-

A long list of officers was anthusiasm, and the long and arduous cerned had passed through the fire nounced. Eliza R. Snow Smith was labor which had gone before. of selfsacrifice as far as personal

president; Emmeline B. Wells, secWilford Woodruff, President of feelings were concerned.

retary, and Mathilda M. Barratt, the Council of the Twelve Apostles, Reorganization took place from

treasurer. The executive board offered a devout supplication to the time to time. Eventually a member

consisted of M. Isabella Horne, at Lord that the blessings of God might of the Priesthood came to act in an

whose home many of the discussions rest upon this institution. His prayer executive capacity. Brother Hyrum

in behalf of the project had taken was eloquent. All heads were B. Clawson was appointed managplace; Phoebe Woodruff, Bathsheba bowed in the unity of feeling which ing director. The women had sin-

W. Smith, Jane S. Richards, and Dr. prevailed at this ceremony, the officerely appreciated the support of

Ellen B. Ferguson. The chairman cial opening of the hospital. the men who officiated in the regof the visiting committee was ElizWhen Joseph F. Smith, second ular capacity of the Priesthood—the

abeth Howard; the resident physicounselor to President Taylor, stood administering of the ordinances of

cian, Ellen B. Ferguson; matron, upon his feet, he invoked the existthe Church. They had woven the

Mary Ann McClean; clinical regisence of harmony and faith among fabric of their dreams about the

trar and dispensary clerk. Mary the workers: "Sisters..."he quality of blessing through such

E. Van Schoonhoven. The visiting said, "be diligent, exercise skill, pray administrations. But now it was

board was made up of two gentlefor wisdom, but, above all things, deemed that they needed another men, Drs. Seymour B. Young and remain sensitive to the whisperings kind of help from the brethren. So,

W. F. Anderson, and one woman, of the Spirit to secure the blessing of even as the men could never have

Dr. Romania B. Pratt, specialist in your Heavenly Father in this labor established the hospital without the

the eye and ear. There was also a finof love!"help of the women, but were numancial committee, composed of "Amen!"bered among the patients who partwelve prominent women with Sarah There was not a single heart took of its blessings, the women who

M. Kimball as chairman, and an honwhich did not echo the solemnly had forged ahead with the idea now

orary committee whose personnel spoken word as it was pronounced required their assistance in its manconsisted of all the Relief Society by the gathering. agement.

stake presidents in the Church, each After the officers were set apart With the announcement of the of whom was to represent the inthrough the layingon of hands, second annual meeting in The terests of the hospital in her locality. many donations of bedding, cutlery, Woman's Exponent, the hope was

In addition to the membership dolcrockery, kitchen utensils, and expressed that the organization lars, one dollar was expected once money were presented. Mayor would be better understood in the

a month from each Mutual ImproveJennings gave his check for five future than it had been in the past.

ment and Relief Society organizahundred dollars. Altogether the enStill, troubles were not entirely

tion in the Church. The dues from terprise did indeed seem to have absent. Public interest was waning,

these societies and other contribuopened auspiciously. A concert was but the number of patients received

tions from them were to establish given for its benefit in the Taberhad not diminished. It became evi308

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

UTAH'S PIONEER WOMEN DOCTORS dent that the hospital must reduce its nurses, doctors, officers, and as many to beg to meet the expenses of inexpenses while at the same time it patients as could, gathered for spirvalids."

must increase its capacity. What a itual communion. Many doctors were willing to doproblem! It was solved by the reFees were raised to six dollars a nate their services, but such kindmoval to cheaper but larger quarweek for room, board, and nursing nesses, though they were both freters in the original University of care; the charge had commenced at quent and generous, did not defray

Deseret building on the corner of three. Even so, it was extremely hospital expenses.

Second West and First North difficult to make both ends meet All of the men surgeons in the

Streets in Salt Lake City, when it came to providing the necesChurch were loyal in taking their

When Dr. Martha Hughes Cansary supplies for a large number of patients to this hospital, but sadly

non, who had become resident people, the hospital housed never enough and despite all of the heroic physician and surgeon shortly after fewer than fifty when both patients efforts that had gone into it, the inher graduation from Ann Arbor in and workers were included. It hardstitution eventually was compelled

1883, went to England, Dr. Romania ly seemed possible that so many to discontinue its remarkable ser-

B. Pratt gave up her office in the eggs could be consumed, that so vices. No hospital could continue

GodbePitts Building to take Dr. much butter and milk was necessary. to exist without greater financial inCannon's place in the hospital. Other But the hospital must go on. come than this one possessed. The

changes also took place from time Messages were sent throughout Mormons were then without an into time among both the doctors and the Church emphasizing the fact that stitution under their own auspices officers, but life became intensely inthe institution was a benevolent one. for nearly a decade when the Groves'

teresting as well as active in the new ity,not thata placethe brethrenof indiscriminateand sisters charmust andLatterdayopened SaintthroughHospitalthe endowmentwas builtbuilding.

exert themselves "to appreciate the of Dr. W. H. Groves, a Salt Lake

Drs. Ellis and Margaret Shipp, intensity of the arduous dentist. task, whose

and Dr. Cannon, after her return to sole purpose was to ameliorate suf- "God bless the memory of the

the city, invariably conducted certain fering."Members were urged to Deseret Hospital..."said Wilsessions of their obstetrical classes pay their present and their delinford Woodruff, president of the

at the hospital. quent dues. "For,"said the officers, Church when its final closing came.

Bishop Tingey of the Seventeenth "although much money is received, He had asked God's blessing upon

Ward left his cobbler's shop to hold and the wisest possible use made of its opening not many years before.

prayer services twice daily. At the it, there are not sufficient funds. We What full, beneficent years thesound of a little bell, blueuniformed need more, but—we do not propose Deseret Hospital had seen!

in branches 1,137 total of and wards or a IN CONFERENCE ASSEMBLED missions, 957 Zion; of also 35 the stakes

(Continued from page 271) Statistics and Other Data Compiled mission branches, and 243 districts.

from the Reports Annual for Church Membership 1.30 York New 632,994 the Year 1938 Stakes

1.24 South Davis 151,770 Missions were on December 31, 1938: 126 1.19 There Shelley

Curlew 1.18 Stakes of Zion, (at the present time 127); Total - 784,764

St. George 1.12 1,036 wards; 101 independent branches, {Continued on page 310)

Wells 1.12 Missions with highest per capita fast offerings under 1,500: Summer Seminar for Choral Conductors and OrganistsMembership

Japanese $2.06 June 19 to July 15

Czechoslovakia 1.19

PalestineSyrian 62 Argentine 46 An interesting and educational program for

Membership over 1,500: progressive musicians

Swiss 84 West German 60 The highlight of the Seminar will be one

East German 53 Eastern States 52 week (July 1015) with

Twentyone stakes and 239 wards paid $1.00 or more per capita.

Summary—Erection and Improvement yJtaf Lshnsttansen

of Church Buildings Appropriated for ward and Nationally famous conductor and teacher stake buildings, seminaries and institutes $1,238,972.99

Amount raised locally 790,422.60 Evening classes arranged this week as a special feature for conducAppropriated for hospital tors unable to attend the entire Seminar. (Fee $5.00)

buildings 56,549.00

Improvements in temples 197,908.54 Make early reservations at the

Expended for mission buildreal estate 217,486.43 ings and Art School of Music and McCune

.$2,501,339.56 Total Phone Was. 2116 200 North Main

included expenditures of above (Some in Church Welfare Program) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

families needing employ- 6,406 IN CONFERENCE ASSEMBLED Headsment of (Continued from page 309) Other donations to the Church Number employed during year 3,322

Church Growth Welfare Program $ 58,460.66 Number of persons used on Church

Children blessed and entered Assistance rendered by Relief Work Projects during year 4,340 assisted of persons Number by BishSociety: the of the records on

ops, Society, Relief and the GenIn actual disbursements to in the stakes Church and agencies 56,472 eral Committee 92,501.62 missions 22,122 needy

general carrying In on in stakes baptized theChildren IN OFFICERS, CHURCH this society 345,581.33 CHANGES of work missions 15,613 and STAKE, WARD, BRANCH AND

the assistance in Additional extended stakes baptizedConverts ORGANIZATIONS missions to ProBuilding 8,259 and Church Stakes Organized New stakes, mis- (wards, of longterm and gramNumber sionaries from Zion, Demissions) by increasing Nampa Stake was organized November cember 31, 1938 2,151 from 50% to 60% the 27, 1938, by a division of Boise Stake. It

Number of shortterm misChurch's contributions to consists of Caldwell and Homedale indesionaries from Zion, Dethe program 184,875.06 pendent branches and Kune, Melba, NamFirst, pa wards. and Second Nampa 31, 1938 cember 28 tithes, the from Expended

Stake organized Weiser was November officers local local missionarof 329,666.45 mostly byNumber

It 27, 1938, division Stake. of Boise a by ies 78 directly the Expended by consists of Letha, Emmett, Nyssa, OnTotal number of missionarChurch Welfare Committee 243,232.16 tario, and Weiser wards and Vale indeies in the missions of the Expended for the erection, expendent branch.

Church 2,257 tension, and improvement Boise First, Boise Second, Boise Third, hospitals of and caring for Glenns Ferry wards, Meridian Branch and in missionengagedNumber the sick therein 141,881.68 retained in the Stake. Boise in the stakes 2,067 ary work

created 19, Stake Provo February 1939, missionaries 4,324 Total Total $1,827,371 division the of a Stake..07 by This Utah new of missionariesNumber who Increase 324,916.90 over 1937 First, consists of Fifth, stake Provo Provo at training received the addition In to the foregoing, Bonneville wards. and Manavu,

1,152 Missionary Home the following supplies had Sixth, Fourth, Provo Third, Second, and to thePersons recommended assembled been on and were in retained Pioneer and the wards Utah the stakes temples from 85,313 hand 31, 1938, December Stake.

are available for the and Statistics Social

Presidents Stake Appointed New during needy 1939: the year

rate per 30.9Birth thousand.

Silas L. president of appointed Wright Bedding Clothing and rate 17.0 per thouMarriage the Montpelier Stake President to succeed Estimated sand.

Rich. C. Value Edward rate 6.8 per thousand.Death president Ezra Benson appointed of T. clothing, pieces Men's 5,884 2,331.65 $ theirFamilies owning own to the Boise Scott Stake President succeed clothing, Women's homes 59.9% B. Brown. pieces 6,057 1,526.57

( Peter E. appointed of president Johnson for Expended the Maintenance clothing, Children's

of Missionaries pieces 4,979 1,075.72 the newly organized Nampa Stake.

Collected by wards and paid Quilts and miscellanScott 6. Brown appointed president of

to missionaries '...".$ 94,001.27 eous items 4,464.56 the newly organized Weiser Stake.

Charles president appointed Dunn W. cost missionary,Average per of the to Stake President succeed Logan Total $ 1938, month, $31.00 per E. Anderson. 9,398.50 Anthon

total or a per of $372.00 Vegetables Canned Fruits and Charles E. presiJr., appointed Rowan,

missionary. per year AverFruits and vegetables, dent of the organized newly Stake. Provo

missionaries of age number cans 1,002,888 $ 96,583.58 president Royal appointed Murdock J.

total aver- 2,089, a making Fruits vegetables, and of the to Stake President succeed Utah for the age expense year of 777,108.00 bottles 2,393.77 21,445 Taylor. Thomas N.

Estimated possible earnings Dried fruits and vege- Z. Reed Millar appointed president of

per missionary $900.00 per tables, pounds 82,599 4,562.94 the Boise Stake to succeed President Ezra

year x 2,089, average num- T. Benson.

ber of missionaries, makes Total $103,540.29 Carl Daniel Greenhalgh appointed presitotal estimated of an what dent of Tintic the Santaquin Stake to sucOther Produce missionaries these might ceed Birch. President E. Frank

201,381 $ 3,084.80 if earned have of 1,880,100.00 Flour, pounds at home Potatoes, pounds 646,779 4,615.31 New Wards Organized

estimated contribuTotal Grain, 224,879 pounds 1,912.50 Fourth Phoenix Stake, Phoenix Ward, tion of missionaries and vegetables, Other created the First of a division Phoenix by families their for the preachpounds 77,317 579.87 Ward.

of ing the Gospel $2,751,209.27 Meat, pounds 4,446 533.52 Boise creFourth Boise Stake, Ward,

Church Welfare Program ated by a division of the Boise Second (Including All Church Welfare Work) Total $ 10,726.00 Ward.

Total Church membership in Fuel and Lumber Independent Branches Made Wards missions, stakes and men, Coal, 761,303 pounds 1,429.27 Boise Stake, formerly $ Meridian Ward,

children and women,. 784,764 cords independent 2,176.00 435 of the branch Wood, same stake.

Number of Church members Lumber 180.00 Vale Ward, Weiser Stake, formerly inwho paid voluntary fast dependent branch of the same stake.

offerings to help the needy: Total $ 3,785.27 Wards Transferred In wards 162,582 127,450.06 Total on hand Dec. 31, 1938-$

In missions 22,173 Santaquin First, Santaquin Second, and

Situation Church Unemployment The Genola wards of the Stake transferNebo Total.. 184,755 31, 1938, is as follows: December As of Tintic Stake. red to Santaquin

of voluntaryAmount needing fast ofEmployable employment, in ferings wards: 1938 January 1,. 7,760 Ward Names Changed

Cash $ 305,719.27 Employable needing employment, Hanna Ward, Duchesne Stake, was formerly Redcliff as Produce 89,481.32 known Ward. 31, 1938 December 6,817

In missions: Garden Bonneville Stake, Park Ward, Skilled workmen unemployed, Deformerly as GilmerCash 35,971.52 known Park Ward. 31, cember 1938 1,030 was

Total (all expended for Unskilled workmen unemployed, DeNew Independent Branches Organized relief) $ 431,172.11 cember 31, 1938 5,787 Coolidge Branch, Maricopa Stake, and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

Superior Branch, Maricopa Stake, were transferred from California Mission.

Redwood City Branch, San Francisco THE ADVERTISERSand Where You Will Find Thei Messages

Stake, created by making a division of Brigham Young University 260 Mountain Fuel Supply Company 317

Burlingame and Palo Alto Wards of that Bennett Glass and Paint Company....317 Ogden School of Beauty Culture 319

stake. Beneficial Life Insurance Co.- Provo School of Beauty Culture 313

Pershing Branch, Alberta Stake, was Back Cover Quish School of Beauty Culture 264 formerly dependent branch of Woolford Cloverleaf Milk Company 292 Rose Hills Memorial Park -319

Ward. Continental Oil Company 313 Royal Baking Company 311

CliftonMorenci Branch, Mount GraCruser Jewelry Company 260 Safeway Stores 261 ham Stake, created by a division of the Cutler Bros: 316 Salt Lake Milk Producers'Assn 312

Duncan Ward of that stake. Deseret News Press 318 Shell Oil Inside Front Cover

Warner Branch, Taylor Stake, organFord T. Rose Company 260 Standard Oil 262

ized from members of former Coutts Branch, Ford Motor Company 263 Sugar House Lumber and Hardware..257

Milk River District, and members living Globe Mills 293 Union Pacific Stages 311 west and south of Tyrells Lake. Ghirardelli Chocolate 293 Utah Engraving 319

Ward Made Independent Branch Greyhound Lines 260 Utah Home Fire Insurance 317

Lebanon Branch, Mount Graham Stake, Hotel Lankershim 315 Utah Poultry Producers'Associawas formerly ward of same stake. International Harvester Company 259 tion 315

Inside Back Cover KSL Tractor 264 Utah Power and Light Company 314 Wards Disorganized Landes

Blackpine Ward, Curlew Stake, and Ju- L. D. S. Business College 316 Utah State National Bank 257

niper Ward, Curlew Stake, discontinued. McCune School of Music 309 Woodbury College 264

Members moved away.

Independent Branch Disorganized

Mohrland Branch, Emery Stake, discontinued; members moved to other wards of

the Church.

Those Who Have Passed Away Julia Nibley, S. Budge widow of PresiBetter than Ever

dent Charles Nibley. W.

Dr. Frederick J. Pack, Deseret Professor That's what everyone is saying about Royal Bread. That's what

of Geology at the University of Utah and you'll say/ too, when you taste the Royal Bread your grocer of General member Board of Deseret Sunday School Union. now has for you. Recent

Alice Louise Reynolds, former member of the General Board of the Relief Society advancements in mixing and former editor of the Relief Society

Magazine; Professor of Literature at the processes have enabled

Brigham University. Young us to further improve this Dr. George Middleton, founder and W.

director of the Utah Pioneer Trails and popular bread.

Landmarks Association and a member of the executive committee of the Oregon

Trail and Landmarks Association; a memthe ber of executive committee chairand

of the historicalman committee the of Sons plSL&Jv m*u of Utah Pioneers; member of Church Old EVERY DAY AT YOUR GROCER'S FTN'E,- =

Folks Committee and Chairman of Finance

Committee. READ

Julia Murdock Farnsworth, former memROYAL BAKING CO., Salt Lake & Ogden

ber of Relief Society General Board, a 100% Home Owned George Mueller, President charter member and founder of Daughters of the American Revolution, Daughters of

Pioneers and Daughters of the Mormon

Battalion.

Adella Woolley Eardley, one of the first MAIL FOR FREE members of the Retrenchment Association FOLDERS on Paste this couponand former member of the Y. W. M. I. A. a penny postal card andGeneral Board. mail Dept., to Tour 77

Wilma Jeppson, member of Primary West South Temple St.,

for City, LakeGeneral associate Board and professor inforof Saltfree folders and physical for education at Brigham women mation (please check).

Young University. San Francisco Fair

Dr. Ellis Reynolds Shipp, one of the first

doctors in thewoman West and teacher New York World's in first nurses'in Utah. home Fair

Joseph Don Carlos Young, son of Brigham Young and Church Architect for fifty ExpensePaid Tours years. Other Points

George N. Finch, First Counselor in

Tintic Stake Presidency.

Adelbert Bigler, Second Counselor in Name

Sharon Stake Presidency.

Edward H. Holt, Stake Clerk of the Utah Address

Stake.

Bishop George Edwin Coxe, Bishop of CityMount Olympus Stake. Ward, Cottonwood

State IE59 Bishop Edward H. Chambers, Ogden By AirConditioned SUPERCOACH

Thirteenth Stake. Ward, Ogden

Buchanan of the Black- k The travel bargain of a generation! Go to New York and San Francisco and Bishop Osmond

luxurious for airconditioned only $69.95 total back home by SuperCoachfoot Second Stake. Blackfoot Ward,

cost! agent. For details, see your local Union Pacific bus Bishop P. Howells, Wilshire transportation David

Ward, Hollywood Stake.

Bishop Leonard C. Healy, PleasantGreen Ward, Oquirrh Stake. UBflON PACIFIC STAGES

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

THE HOMEFundamental to Our Civic and Religious Life

(Continued from page 269) that children should be allowed to ion or in a belief that all religion is

You have not taught your children light grow up to a maturity when they may for the immature and weakminded, and truth, according to the commandments; choose their religious beliefs for for the morons of society, or else that

and that wicked one hath power, as yet, themselves, before any attempt is all religions, pagan, Christian, idolthis is the cause of your you,over and to all lead principles equally are good, of atrous, the to teach them made affliction.

is to goal, Christ, and no choice the paths of the same the Gospel and unto I give a commandment And nowyou—if you will be delivered you shall set of righteousness. The Lord never be made amongst them—all of which

in order your own house, for there are intended that children should grow ideas are contrary to the revealed right in that things are house. not yourmany spiritually \up will of God, as His words all testify. neglected and cast

I Verily, servant unto Sidney say my for themselves to care adrift any that things hath kept he notRigdon, in some the commandments concerning his children; more than He intended that the new- | repeat again, the prime, indeed

therefore, first set in order thy house. born babe should be thrown out into the sole, responsibility for startlive street die to as or chance the the right child way, along ing the verily Smith, unto I say Joseph

until to maturdecree wait or might reparents. rests the This upon the not kept commandhave

should ity to determine he whether before result stand is needs rebukedments,Jun.—youAnd andnow,must inescapable sponsibility the

the Lord; seek learning or remain in ignorance. of bringing children into the world.

Your family must needs repent and forOn the contrary, the Lord has It cannot go unheeded, nor can it earnest things,sake more some and give clear in His revelations made another. to cast off, or shifted that, be out unto sayings, or beheed your removed infancy, children must from earliest that It is by comes a responsibility their place.of

be taught in the principles of the divine decree.

My servant Newel K. Whitney also, a Gospel and in the doctrines of the Parents may not assume that their

of church, to bishop the hath be need else "the sin be upon Church, my schools; the done by can be work his in family, chastened, set order and and child left parents."of the heads "A to usurp try shall not the schools and diligent that are contheysee more and his to bringeth to himself mother reat they always,cerned to or parents the nor pray home, and of the place

shall be removed out of their place. (D. shame"(Prov. 29:15), said the anlieve them of their obligations. Each

and C. 93:4150.) cient proverb. The Savior teaching has its own place in building the

His disciples, said: upright, patriot citizen and the Paul, speaking to the Ephesians,

said: If a son shall ask bread of any of you righteous man of God. So with the

that is a father, will he give him a stone? summer camps, with sports and

fish, if will for fish give a he a ask he rightly Or these, chilfathers, not other diversions provoke your ye And—

serpent? a the him to bring wrath;dren but them up in the to helps conducted, be may

if offer will shall egg, he ask he him an Ornurture Lord. of the (Eph. admonition and they character, but building of youth scorpion? a 11:11,12.) (Luke6:4.)

are not homes and cannot be. If

To the Colossians he said: Anyone who teaches, encourages, it be said that they are better

or spreads this doctrine of neglect, than some homes, it may be anFathers, not your children provoke such is upon then his swered, shame matter he or what to no who lest anger, discouraged. (Col. they be which are not guiltless will the homes homes; they position, held not be3:21.)

before the Lord. God has declared children should

Thus it is not now the doctrine of This monstrous doctrine is foundhave.

the Church, and it never has been, ed either in a disbelief in all religSo also of the mere amusements of the hour—the theater, the concert

hall, the movie, and even the radio in the home itself. Too often these

are too much guided by the mere greed for gain; all too frequently Golden

of to those low morals pander MILK IS YOUR BEST BUY they too mentality; of the weakest and to

often they lack in simple decency Modern scientists and physicians toGlory and deserved shame. But when not

day advocate greater consumption going to these extremes, when in of milk the world over because it morals and ethics their works are contributes more to good nutrition Milk not beyond the pale, yet in their orthan any other food and does it more pictdinarya standardofferings oftheylifetooandoftenconductdeeconomically. When you shop ask which is unChristian. A Christian

for Golden Glory Milk and Golden life is not built around cocktail

Glory Dairy Products. Produced by lounges, exotic night cabarets, lux-

a select group of finest dairymen urious hotel lobbies, princely dwellwhose aim is to make a better prodings of idleness, and an ease and luxury that the imperial palace has uct and sell it the cooperative way. rarely known. Yet the youth are

For home delivery call Hyland 15. Salt Lake Milk Producers'coming to think that these are the

Association norms of our life, and that if they

Telephone Hy. 15 do not get them, something is wrong

with parents or society. The world

has never had a people that were

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

THE HOME all millionaires; it never will have. has always been, and will be till

The sooner we know this, the better bound; and remember, the choicer

it will be for the world. the spirit, the more insistent are

evil's wiles and temptations to lead trust the may not We parents to destruction. all themtraining or of our children to any

of these. If we shall do so and our Again I say, not out of the school,

children sin, then so surely as the nor the concert hall, nor the theater;

Lord has said it, "the sin be upon not out of the stadium, nor the movie, the heads"of us, the parents. nor the radio; not even out of the

Children should be home at night, Church itself by itself, nor out of every night, and not away from all of them together, shall come the home; our youth should be home mutual respect for the rights of

most nights, too, and the occasional others, the restraining of will and night when they are away, they selfishness, the due obedience to should be carefully protected by us proper authority, the forbearance, parents, or someone for us, from the devotion to duty, the poorness evil in all its forms and guises. of spirit, the repentance for sin, the

We parents must never forget and righteousness,meekness, the hungerthe mercy,and thethirstpurefor must ever remember that whenever ness of heart, the peacemaking, the our children leave the home and its honesty, the sterling integrity, the purlieus, for whatever reason it may charity, the love, the reverence, that be, whether it be for amusement, for shall make the citizenry of free nalearning, for matters of livelihood, tions and the subjects of the kingor for the activities of religion and dom of heaven.

religious training, they have for the moment passed beyond our immeAll these must come mostly from gives your engine diate protection and control; they the home; they will fully come from

are away from our personal guidance nowhere else. To be certain and

effect, of their sure they must be restraint; with not thenand we may OILPLATING?

in the forefathers of engendered love care hands and andour own

Merchant Mileage Your but them. those enjoy would This who theirminister to need, however WHO refill OIL- "Drain, and can parents of to today our owe duty we be. thegrave need may may We PLATE!"posterity. must, the as Thus we prayers our them; withsend is may we of OILPLATING plus The pure

know that the righteousness we may Lord said through His prophet of yours as you change to his patented have instilled into their hearts will old, "turn the heart of the fathers Conoco Germ Processed oil. Platcar as your drain don't ings down the children, of the heart the and if to to shield; as abe them we may, OILPLATING? would stops, so how

lest I to their fathers, children come full duty, inour done have it knowwe never be missing an can Then that the spirit of God will be with and smite the earth with a curse."stant. Any time your engine starts,

it's it goes, always distance any grant 4:6.) (Malachi God we may tothem, protect them. guard and

its rich OILon slipping along coolly this nation, in rethe world, and also they in that as must knowBut we to get today plus Another PLATING.

move out there alone without us, build, fortify, and keep forever safe, from Your Mileage Merchant is the that evil will be there too, for so it the true Christian home. plus mileage of Germ Processed oil

for your harder driving these coming months. Continental Oil Company.

FROM THE OUTSIDE LOOKING IN CONOCO GERM ( Continued [com page 272 ) and hold the loyalty and enthusiasm PROCESSED OIL minutes than I could if I talked all of its young people to the point their will leave homes, theyday. So, tell them what you bewhere

far world, ATTEND the of corners go to thelieve."

and preach this Gospel as they beProvo School of Beauty Culture pOR fifteen or twenty minutes as lieve it, and pay their own exThe School Where the Promise is Kept we drove along he told them of penses?"11 East 1st No., Provo, Utah

his beliefs and the teachings and "Yes, as I told you awhile ago, A Life's income for a meager investment practices of his Church, From time that to me is the outstanding differFill in coupon for further to time they asked questions until ence between this Church and other informationPhone No.or2

they seemed to be satisfied, when organizations of its kind."

he changed the subject and the genAs we drove around the Point of eral conversation was resumed. the Mountain and turned up the cutFrom time to time Mrs. Kaltenborn off to American Fork Canyon, we

had been making notes and asking looked back and could not see any so we could enjoy the scenery. He

further questions and commenting to of the other cars of our party. We filled the radiator and checked his

me on various impressions she had were riding in what was called a tires while waiting for the others received. "touring"car, and when we arrived to come up.

"It is certainly a remarkable orat the entrance to the canyon, our As we sat there waiting, Mrs*ganization, isn't it—that will obtain driver stopped to turn the top back {Concluded on page 314)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

FROM THE OUTSIDE LOOKING IN (Concluded from page 313) "I know how you feel,"I said, Personally, I shall never forget the

Kaltenborn turned to me and said: "but remember what I told you as we events of that day. In after years

"I'd give anything for a smoke."left the hotel: they are just like other when I became fully acquainted with

"Go ahead and smoke if you want people—some of them smoke, some the Mormon people and their philto,"I encouraged. drink, like some of the members of osophy, I investigated their belief

"Oh, I wouldn't think of it with other churches. They look alike; and learned a great deal more about

a Mormon missionary driving our they act alike; so I have concluded the details which I did not know

car,"was her answer. the Mormons are just another dethen.

"I'm sure he wouldn't mind,"I nomination."At that time I was on the "outsaid. We went on up the Canyon, visside, looking in."Today I am on the

"No, I'll wait,"she replied. ited the Cave, went through a very "inside, looking out,"for about four

"Just as you like."interesting dedication ceremony conyears later, I applied for memberAnd as we sat talking, with Mrs. ducted by Mr. Kaltenborn. Then ship in the Church. I was baptized

Kaltenborn denying herself the up the Canyon over the New Dugand confirmed, and have had much pleasure of a smoke out of respect way and to a camp among the trees joy in my fellowship. I know now

for the beliefs and services of the where a delicious lunch was awaitthat most of our returned missionreturned Mormon Elder who was ing us. After a short rest we got aries as well as many hundreds of

our driver, the missionary, unaware into our cars, went around the mounour regular members are different of the honor being accorded him, tain and came down to Aspen and do not indulge in the habits of reached in his hip pocket, drew out Grove. At this point the ladies people who smoke and drink. I ap-

a package of cigarettes, took one, changed cars, as Mr. Kaltenborn preciate what this membership has

tapped it on the back of his hand, had to come back to Salt Lake City done for me and hope that every put it in his mouth, and struck a to broadcast from KSL while the rest returned missionary and every young match. of the party were to go to Provo person in the Church, as well as their

With a look of astonishment on and take the train there on their way elders, will appreciate the predicaher face and leaning forward in her towards home. ment of one of us who failed to live

seat, Mrs. Kaltenborn turned to me: To meet Mr. Kaltenborn's time up to his opportunity of confirming

"Why, Mr. Newmyer, they don't on the radio at Salt Lake we went his testimony by his actions.

smoke?"down the mountain at a speed that "Yes, some of them do—I am sure broke all records, but at

careful requiring they certainly don't drink, or "Well, place every turn bring driver they?"the Rich Eskimo driving our woulddo

"Some of them do that."car down to the proper speed and (Continued from page 279)

"Well! I can't believe it,"and we made it safely, on out of the

she dropped back in the seat with a canyon and back to Salt Lake just Niext day he set off with feeling of disappointment. "Think in the nick of time to make his ap- a young man to guide him the tenof mission for pointment. Kaltenborn threeand- store. on a to the white man's As Mr. day journey it—goyears,a-half preaching teaching and alighted he said: friend's "Young a man, I This Komat, was name

this wonderful message and then have had some fast rides with good confident young man who fancied he come home and use tobacco and drivers—but you are the best one I knew all there was to know. But

liquor; it just doesn't make sense."ever saw."when they chanced on a pair of

foxes, it was Palleck's swift arrows that brought down the two pelts.

Young Komat's rifle did nothing but make a great noise and kick up patches of snow.

"You use a bow well,"the other admitted, beginning to think more of his companion. He loaned Palleck his steel knife and sat idly by

while the northland Eskimo swiftly and cleanly stripped the skins.

After that Komat did not do so much boasting. He confessed that

his folks were not as rich as Palleck had supposed. The young visitor

learned that if the white police did

It Costs not give these Eskimos presents of

MUCH LESS blankets, of woolen underclothing, and bison pelts brought from govThan You ernment herds of these strange aniThink mals who lived in the far south, and foreign foods from bags and tins,

SEE YOUR DEALER or therepeople wouldwould bego timesscantilywhencladtheseand

UTAH POWER & LIGHT GO. have hunger in their stomachs.

"The game animals are scarce s

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

RICH ESKIMO whereson. thereBut hewashadno foodhis atoldthissleighseafor himself loaded with meat and his explained. of knives great here at the now,"he received, Komat "And a of big southernteam dogs, and flashing scarcer still. of fishhooks, needles, the fur are For animals heap

that sleigh pulled the bred dogs new iron the strong trapped both pots and and awls, and a summer while we the treasures he loaded with was traders the lamps. winter, blubber metal he bought and and And store. the trade brought from had

this get steelthem, to everything took a brand but managed new we suffering of pangs no were There pelt sled animals extra of to runnered land runners emptied the and and trip Palleck tophome, and on that poor, more. are always always two makenow we last hill a with the yell of triumph ped

fine pelts,"are pelt very the trying catch to or "Those two a mean final stretch the to the raced and rifles, told trader him, for cartridges he our us and handed to buy village. gift of oil a Palleck for matches, for cloth coal or good lamps, our many father, his the after said "Ho!"steel wire, novelties cheap police If the to on. and some the work women greetings over were marand all had of us, necklaces glass beads not help then and a and did know we would rich Palleck at the presents veled

ring. glittering finger all winter long."themisery

is this well, "All brought. very my

is Palleck, this?"asked "What his Palleck eyes to opened had is that son, wife but where went you ring. the fondling trip to that the conditions white on to marry?"away that wife's your put on "You store, man's heard more he and shyly. Palleck laughed

is finger, to married to she show tiny settlement. the reached hewhen me, stayed wise with words "Your policeman. the smiled you,"Palleck with white viewed menThe I Inni, farther the away and went Palleck serious a head. nodded eyes. friendly side, the Neenuk's from warmer

I "First, find however, must a far eh?"north Eskimo, They "A her!"heart for grew my to told them, marry,"he and woman skins warmly.shook hands "Good the fancy pulled out wedding He folk the laughed. white But Komat we'll bring, treat man; you youngyou it ring proffered smiling the to and

tell Palleck that hurried to heard andgood."girl.

They admired his warm skin his sisters would be glad to win his clothing, so neatly and so strongly favor.

before,"should have spoken "You sinew, with they admired andsewn are chided, a rich Patronize the Advertis- "You his able dexterity with his Komat still more of Palleck, any and our ers of they harpoon"bow and arrows and Eskimo, and the ERA—girls to glad to wife you."will be be knife. corporal the of Royal The merit confidence your this Palleck considered the on way in Police parCanadian Mounted

ticular was delighted with Palleck'back to Komat's people; then he

upstanding independence and his shook his head.very apparent ability to take care of "No—right now I do not think LANKERSHIM a wife,"he decided, he HOTEL and I wanthimself. 7th & BROADWAY friends farewell these and "You are like the oldtime Esbade

kimo,"this policeman said. "Let promised to come back again some

me give you some good advice, other winter.

young man: go back there to the far Then he drove his team north into LOS ANGELES north as fast as you can! It is better the barren country again—down the "TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE"

to be up there, somewhat apart from long, empty fields of the barrens, us whites, than here where the game is scarce, and the people are hungry in the winter. Look at your fine

clothing; look at your good muscles,

and these fine weapons you can use so well. Listen to me, young man;

don't bother with rifles or coal oil lamps or fancy woolen clothing there a.t the trade store. Your bows and

arrows don't need expensive cartridges to make them work, and you have blubber oil at home for your lamps, and good caribou skins for clothing and blankets. The things

you should buy are these steel knives, steel fishhooks, iron cook pots, steel traps, and the like."The Utah Poultry Producers'Cooperative Association's high

Palleck had already decided on standard grading requirements must be passed by every egg this course, for he was not at all imbearing the "Milk White"Brand before going to your grocer.

pressed by his new friends'belongThat's why, when you select "Milk White"Eggs, you know ings now that he had become more they're good! They cost no more. Buy "Milk White"Eggs!

familiar with them.

"You help me buy,"he requested the policeman, and the two visited Utah Poultry Producers'Coop Ass'n the store together. The boy's eyes

sparkled with pleasure at the number.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

The Editor's Page—

"L. D. S. Training Pays!"An Appreciation

{Continued from page 267) meetings. PeouP Summer School have attended these

ple have labored in some cases for will put you ten long years in raising their share of the money to build their meeting- A****

Ahead of the Crowd house. We are growing splendidly. There xQonhsmaL

is a feeling of absolute confidence;

there is no fear on our part of the final triumph of the work of God.

This is very gratifying indeed. I

can think of nothing more remarkable than that when the Prophet

Joseph and his brother Hyrum and others were sentenced to be shot by a court martial, a man was raised up of the Lord to defy the commanding officer and who said it was coldblooded murder. Then the Prophet

was imprisoned, with others, where he received what to my mind is one of the most remarkable and wonderful revelations, one of the greatest of all the revelations ever received by man.

I am going to read to you from that revelation received by the

Prophet Joseph Smith, while he was imprisoned in jail. I am reading

from the 121st section of the Doctrine and Covenants, starting with

Entrance to Main Building the thirtythird verse:

How long can rolling waters remain

High school graduates can impure? What power shall stay the

step ahead of the crowd by heavens? As well might man stretch forth

spending the summer months at hisin itspunydecreedarm tocourse,stop theor Missourito turn itRiverupthe L. D. S. Business College. stream, as to hinder the Almighty from

Courses in shorthand, typewritpouring down knowledge from heaven upon ing, business English, etc., will the heads of the Latterday Saints.

called, there are Behold, but few many valuable be toyou—whether chosen. are chosen? not they And why plan to attend you a fouryear are set their hearts are Because so upon much

college or to seek employment the things of this world, and aspire to the in the fields of industry and honors of men, that they do not learn this lesson commerce. one

the rights of the priesthood are inThere's youth in the cut.. That

For information, just fill out separably connected with the powers of long wear in the fabric...

that of the heaven and powers in the and mail the coupon below. heaven, great economy

controlled nor cannot handled be only of upon price a Hollywoodthe principles of righteousness.

L D. S. true;Thatbuttheywhenmaywebeundertakeconferred touponcoverus, itouris Suit,styled PricedDON $25RICHARD'Sto $35.

bition, control Business sins, or to gratify our pride, our vain amChoose your complete exercise or to College or dominion or outfit at the the children souls of compulsion upon Street 70 North Main of men, in any degree of unrighteousness,

Salt Lake City, Utah behold, the heavens withdraw themselves;

the Spirit of the Lord is grieved; and when

it is withdrawn, Amen to the priesthood or the authority of that man.

L. D. S. Business College Behold, ere he is aware, he is left unto Salt Lake City, Utah persecutehimself, tothekickSaints,againstand tothefightpricks,againstto (fa%*%FINE MENS WEAR

Please send me your God.We have learned by sad experience that 36 So. Main S&frd&Ak of Information. "Bulletin

it disposition is the nature of almost and all Salt Lake City authority, they as get a little men, soon as

Name: as they suppose, they will immediately beMaie CUTLER'S Your

gin to exercise unrighteous dominion. Conference Headquarters

Address: Hence many are called, but few are

chosen.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

Editor's Page—FOODS TASTE The An Appreciation IT'S EASY

lVAY God help you and me and BETTER every soul in this Church to be TO BUY chosen, and to stay chosen, in that when cooked with straight and narrow path that leads to life eternal! Bennett's No power or influence can or ought to

be maintained by virtue of the priesthood, only by persuasion, by longsuffering, by gentleness and meekness, and by love unPaint 'Boa. feigned;

By kindness, and pure knowledge, which shall greatly enlarge the soul without hypoc-—easy to select exactly the

risy, guile and without betimes Reproving with sharpness, when color you want from moved upon by the Holy Ghost; and then Bennett's

showing forth afterwards an increase of love toward him whom thou hast reproved, lest he esteem thee to be his enemy;

That he may know that thy faithfulness is stronger than the cords of death.

Let thy bowels also be full of charity towards all men, and to the household of faith, and let virtue garnish thy thoughts unceasingly; then shall thy confidence wax

strong in the presence of God; and the

doctrine of the priesthood shall distil upon soul as the thy from heaven. dews

shall constant beautiful thy Ghost be The Holy all surfaces—interiorshades and tintsandin exteriorpaints for thy scepter companion, unchanging an and

NEW GAS RANGES GIVE scepterdominionof shallrighteousnessbe an everlastingand truth;dominion,and thy BENNETT GLASS & PAINT CO.

BETTER COOKING RESULTS and without compulsory means it shall flow Bl65 W. First South Salt Lake City

unto thee forever and ever. Dealers throughout the Intermountain Country

Begin with the oven. The I repeat, this is one of the most

new gas ranges offer the admarvelous revelations that we have, vantage of low temperature a blessing from God given to the cooking. oven I a jail! while in Prophet Joseph nutritious juices Natural finer in the is nothing think there in the food. retained are No Can't Doctrine and Covenants. There can You shrinkage. Uniform excess

results are repeatedly obbe nothing of greater importance Alwavs Plan tained because of absolute than to exercise the Priesthood exoven temperature control. actly as it is explained here. the Future by

Consider broiling. Smoke I am very thankful indeed for the the Past success of our Welfare remarkable odors excessive broiling and

for the work thus far; I am thankful of eliminated. are No firing

fats or greases. Broiled devotion so many are giving to that Just because you haven't

meats are more palatable, work. I am grateful to realize and had a fire is no reason

more digestible, when preknow that our Heavenly Father is why you won't. Don't

is inspiring us; judge the future by the pared with a new gas range. directing us; that He

is leading us by His Spirit; past. Now go to the top of the that He

in people are that as growing a we boiling stove. Controlled

is menFire a constant pleasing that are and things those of small quanplus heat use any visit you and ace may Father. to acceptable Heavenly our tity of possible water make day. in times to able these hard To be vitaretention of valuable

imins and mineral salts. make such a report as we have lisInsure your property totened to here today, is certainly an day and be protected

PRICES—TERMS inspiration to every Latterday Saint. against loss. to meet any reasonable We are the architects—not only

requirement the architects but we are also the Better get your policy builders of our own lives. If a man while you can.

Come in and see the new knows the mind and will of the Lord fails is drifting to away modern Gas Ranges and do it, he Utah Home Fire straight path that narrow from and that leads to life eternal.... Insurance Co.

MOUNTAIN FUEL May the Lord bless you one and Heber J. Grant & Co.

all, is my prayer for you. I thank GENERAL AGENTS SUPPLY COMPANY

Salt Lake Ogden Provo God that I know we have the truth. Salt Lake City, Utah I thank God that I know that He

Serving Twentythree Utah Communities ( Concluded on page 319)

T- 317

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1939

SOLUTION OF APRIL PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—Bethlehem the Birthplace (Micah 5:2)

X H- s 6 %? 10

II 12 13 'Y

\s 16 17

'? zo

13 11

2f ZG 27 2S

2<? 30 31

33 3 35"37

3? 3? cdts I lew! V2 3 V

! vr % 7 te n yosk'*eonvement

tiexpensive 1 s\ sz. *

5T 5t 57 WHAT?

Our New, Convenient, InexACROSS pensive readymade Binder 1.. the mouth of the Lord hath 31 Boy's nickname

it"spoken 32 Blossom your Improvefor keeping ye... what the Lord Jewish 33 name of St. Paul Eras readily ment acces- 4 "Hearsaith"Rescues 34

sible with a minimum of 7 "And this man... be the peace"37 "we will walk... his paths"

trouble. 11 Old name of Bethlehem; Rachel 38 "and people shall flow... it"

died there Gen. 35: 19. Ruth 39 "word of... Lord that came to

These binders are durable, 4: 11 Micah"

14 Each.. the "unto 40. of the world"attractive, that and so made

Asiatic 15 42 measure Time issues whole year's can a be 16 "according to his promise raised Easter this 43 comes from conveniently kept, issue by unto Israel a..., Jesus"45 Country in Europe name

issue, ready for immediate 19 Empire State 47 Foot in poetry this fulfilled prophecy He 49 "the rock whence ye are..."reference. 20

... will 21 teach "and us of his 51 Moment

ways"healed 53 Paralytic Peter by Acts the price is only $1.25 And

shall 22 "Thine hand 9: 34 per binder! is "for 23... "in the strength the Holy... liftedOne up"of 55 the Lord"...

... hills"See them in our display win25 CalciumIsrael"5657 "exalted"unto the aboveLord of the dow. No. 8, South Main 26 "I will sing of mercy and judgwhole..."

Street, or call at 29 Richards ment"begins this Psalm Our Text from Micah is 1, 4, 7, 21,

Street, for full particulars. 27 Elevated platforms 22, 23, 38, 39, 40, 55, 56, and 57

29 Tapestry combined DOWN 1 "I will... no evil"25 One skilled in dealing with ques-

2 Italian goddess of the harvest tions of right and wrong 3 River of Europe Pertaining to heat 26

Girl'sTHE 4. name the. "gave 28., and caused them

5 Micah is in this part of the Bible to understand the reading"". 6DESERET 8 "and.....thineupheartthe frommainsail"wickedness"30 FamousChrist'smotherancestorsof Obed, one of

9 Coin of Roumania 34 "a rod out of the... of Jesse"

10 Bird 35 "... the son of Omri did evil in

12 Beam the sight of the Lord"NEW English discoverer of gold in Aus36 Feminine name 29 Richards Street 13 tralia Fresher 41 Salt Lake City, Utah 17 Forceful 44 "there the Lord shall redeem..."

18 District of New Zealand 46 For

Attention Prompt Given to 20 Religious organization 48 (L.) the age Of

Inquiries Mail Orders and had 21 Jacob his dream while on the 50 Burmese demon; boy's name

way to this place 52 "... thou seek him, he will be

22 Twice found of thee"24 Lukewarm 54 Hush.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, If 39

The Editor's PageAn Appreciation {Concluded from page 317) lives, that He hears and answers my prayers, that He guides me by His

Spirit, that He gives me the inspiration of His Spirit to know what to do and how to do it for the benefit of His people here on the earth. I

thank God for the remark made to me by President Joseph F. Smith

the last remark that he made before he passed on—"The Lord knows

whom He wants to stand at the head of His Church, and the Lord never makes any mistakes. The Lord bless

you; the Lord bless you."

God bless you one and all. May

we never lose the knowledge that tOSANCSLES-k SAMHERNAKMNQ He lives, that He hears and answers our prayers. May we grow in knowledge of Jesus Christ our Redeemer

and Savior. May we grow in a

knowledge that Joseph in WNT1NGT0H PARK* Smith was MArwoooiir ym very "deed a prophet; that the revelations in the Doctrine and CoveSOUTijGATE stew*/ / *wirrieR.

nants, given even before the Church was organized, have been fulfilled GOMPmNlt \ time and time again; that his name SMlfA ANA

should be known for good and evil all over the world, and that he "klONC BEACH should suffer persecutions. Finally

is nothe a small for martyred the cause. was CUMORAH JJOUNT May -/ri burial a separate unit comloyal plot—but be true that towe and Prophet

pletely set apart from other It lawns. was to theand of Gospel Christ Jesus selected a by committee of L. S. D. Church is prayer, humble it in I ask my and after members a thorough investigation

locations. the name of our Redeemer. Amen. many of Purposely secluded—yet easily accessible to all metropolitan Los

Angeles, Mount Cumorah offers particularly

MIZPAH ondesirableconvenientsites terms.at developmentDevelopment,pricesnowandin

By Anna H. Hayes progress will be completed by late spring.

More than 750 graves have already been

INstand,the desert twilight there, I saw you purchased.portunity to Investigateestablish a thisfamilyexceptionalmemorial opto-

Your hand upheld, as if in benediction lent day; call or write.

To grace the soul of me, before I went away.

And then I heard through slowly dimming night tJioAe JruM&A song which you had hummed that other % day, CEMETERY + MAUSOLEUM + COLUMBARIUM handWhen in hand, we sought the wonders Workman Mill Road, Whittier, Calif. Phone Whittier 42037 of a land

So strange, that I had let your presence comfort me A solace sweet, that I may never know again; For earth is wide, and travelers—who may

say? ENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOW

.. inYet, the blossoming of OffER the years that WE $25. Discount on a Complete to are be A COMPLETE COURSE CULTURE SERVICE ENGRAVING School A StateINAccreditedBEAUTY atI'll waver the lifting of a hand,

A hand upheld against a twilight sky, From MissionaryCataloguesPortraits to the Largest Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention Ogden School of Beauty Culture

And ponder on the fate that brought to me, Over Egyptian Theatre OGDEN, UTAH UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

St.On duty's caravan, a potent, fleeting glimpse H3 Regent Salt Lake City, Utah Name

Of life, that wagers with Eternity! Address City State

ipmtotubGiik

LETS SAY IT CORRECTLY An old gentleman and his wife lived in the Mormon colonies natives, interested in the old poor in Mexico. man, much The

is of the infer use the and concerning mistake common of several lending family them a neighbor by accommodated SO latest his in that book, Disputed C. Douglas Lloyd imply after several articles. unsuclady, his wife's household The

it furtherance. plot Infer as of small point a uses Passage, to soundly get back, her cessful scolded attempts husband them

all as, premises, to reasoning derive from "From means by permission. her for property without lending her

is guilty."the I infer that accused presented evidence the man seed the of are husband. her "They defended "Well, Ma,"

as, implies substance, to include means by "War Imply Israel."of

fighting."<$> "I don't care if they are,"she retorted and spoke her mind

Managing Editor, forcibly regarding such conduct.

the old gentleman well,""Well, remarked slyly, "Ma wishes Era, Improvement The

Israel hadn't gone heartfelt for the appreciation copy bound accept my PLEASE Irene Martineau, by to—Submittedseed."the of the the Era. of 1938 volume Improvement From

mission fields and in the stakes of Zion I listen to glowing Col. Pacheco, Chih., Mexico.

reports of the enduring good that the Era is doing in the family circle and on the firing line in the near and distant NOBODY'D SAW IT missions where the Elders are so faithfully and devotedly Lady, to hobo at door: "Did you notice that pile of wood

proclaiming the word of the Lord. in the yard?"

I wish you continued success, and this includes the editor "Yes'm, I seen it"and the workers who, by noble efforts of mental and physical "You should mind your grammar. You mean you saw it."

endeavor, are contributing in any way to sending forth into "No'm. You saw me see it, but you ain't seen me saw it."

the world, at home or abroad, this great Champion of Truth. &

I remain, With very kind regards, brother, WHAT A COMEBACK! Truly your

Chas. A. Callis.

Snowflake, Arizona, Dear Editor:

Below are my sentiments regarding your splendid paper.

Our home has never been without it since the first number was published, and I hope we may always have such help in our home.

Wishing you every success in your good work.

Nettie Hunt Rencher.

CORRECTIONS ON DR. WYLAND'S ARTICLE

(See pages 276, 277, and 307)

airmail connections proof a failure in from of making Because that's fashioned quite old are an Boss: "Brown, coat you

correc-, essential several indicating Dr. O. Wyland Ray office."in the wearing

in printing of the forms the which before us tions did reach not

I it with admit it's of out "Yes, a bit date. I bought Brown: third a 277 article on the page In appears. column his

I last raise got."the by Play read "Philosophy Ulrick"of should to "Dr. reference

from the quotation this work and Luther Dr. H. Gulick,"is not NOT A QUESTION OF SPEED Other Wyland. but quotation, a restatement by Dr. a direct

corrections appear on the proof which improve and shade Policeman: "As soon as I saw you come around the bend

the phrasing in places, but do not alter the essential meaning. I said to myself: 'Fortyfive at least'."

Woman Driver: "How dare you? It's this hat that makes

Rexburg, Idaho. me look so old."

of the Church, is the magazine and ONE MORE QUESTION list it first should Saint home THEI feelImprovementthat every EraLatterday among their reading material. The first page I turn to is the "Of course, I'll be liberal with my money after we're married,

poetry page. There I find a bit of every type of poetry. It is darling. I'll spend it on you as fast as I make it. Now, what

indeed a beautiful way of selfexpression. else do you want to know?"

Laura Atkinson, Rexburg Second Ward. "How fast do you make it?"

Dayton, Idaho, NO NIGHT MOURNING

Dear Editors: Junior: "Mom, when people are in mourning do they wear

ARE thankful we have The Improvement Era in our black pajamas and black nightgowns?"WEhome again this year. We feel sure it is the best magazine Mom: "Of course not. What made you think they do?"

we have on our reading table. Junior: "Well, don't they feel just as sad at night as they

We endorse all the good that we have heard or read about do in the daytime?"

the Era.

As far as we know, no one has mentioned the "Let's Say WHAT MORE?

the appreciate information it because corner. It Correctly"We Traffic "Didn't see Cop: you at you?"wave me

correctly. speaking in thinking and aids us given did. Driver: didn't Lady "Of course I wave back? And Sincerely, did to kiss?"a you expect me What Ido—throw Family. Earl and J. Atkinson

>—Glendale, California. AT WORK

that is a skyscraper,"the guide. announced splendid for "And publishing a truly I congratulate you

let's see it Well, work,"replied "Oh, yeah? the wise fellow. it three to gave a subscription Maymagazine. me A friend

further in causing years ago, it was instrumental and me to time BEST OF INTENTIONS that join it. Since investigate the Church, and later to

life has been vastly more interesting and filled with a greater Every year college deans pop the routine question to the meaning. undergraduates: "Why did you come to college?"

Sincerely your brother, Last fall one coed unexpectedly confided: "I came to be

(Signed) Edward L. Wheatfill. went with—but I ain't yet."

t '1 f I f

H.f I

*fsaa Sunday Evening mmmi:, ON Temple Square"Long a feature of one of radio's oldest sustaining programs is Frank W. Asper, above, seated at the console

of the great Tabernacle organ. The organ forms the

background. Rightt the L D. S. Male Chorus, George From within the friendly walls of the historic

H. Durham, director; one of the featured groups on

I I o'clock each Sundaythis Sunday evening program. Mormon Tabernacle,

evening brings time for "Sunday Evening on

Temple Square."For the final hour of each

Sabbath day, the majestic Tabernacle Organ forms theme and background for a program of beautiful music and the friendly spoken word.

Retaining the intimate flavor of radio from its younger days, "SunThis is one of radio's oldest and most lovedday Evening on Temple Square"welcomes your comment and your programs. It enters its ninth consecutive year

letters. From all portions of the with a greatly increased program scope. To

United States, from Alaska, Canthe music of Dr. Frank W. Asper and guest

ada, the Islands of the Pacific and soloists, KSL has invited outstanding singing the frozen North, letters constantgroups to appear. The enlarged program proly pour in to this station.

vides you with an hour not duplicated in radio

On this program, as with all its in this nation or elsewhere. KSL invites you to

other features, KSL invites and listen each Sunday night to "Sunday Evening appreciates your friendly interest on Temple Square"—broadcast from the naand appreciation. tion's most interesting building to an international audience.

THE VOICE OF THE WEST KSL A Lasting Memorial to any man's family whether he lives long or dies young is LIFE INSURANCE

iJF8

.tttM -.-.

r-tv

A

SaU Ufce Ci+V-

PreS - H eberJ.G""*'