IMPROVEMENT

:**m*

i

l&. \S

M|i

-'''''": J

rebruciru 1951

. cooks while the cook's away

With a hundred and one things to do, every day—busy

housewives take particular delight in the time saving features of a modern automatic Gas range. Each burner lights itself,

instantly, at the turn of a knob. Accurate oven heat is uni-

1 formly maintained at the exact temperature desired for baking or roasting. Even a complete meal can be cooked

perfectly from start to finish, while the cook's away—by

simply setting the automatic time clock controls

Visit your appliance dealer and let him show you all the marvelous features of a new modern automatic Gas range.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

tfare You TrieJ

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

7hese Oe/icmsnpHE amount which a program must * be amplified, that is, have its energy increased in going from a microphone in the radio broadcasting studio to the listener's loudspeaker is amazing. A

typical case would be the following:

amplification of one thousand in the electrical signal between the microCrackers?

phone and the telephone line; in

traveling miles a thousand by teleJUST KI<jT million be amplifiedphone it would a times to in losses the teleovercome FOR TWO wires;phone at the transmitter radio

the signal amplified be would about one times thousand sent BITES being before to the antenna; then to compensate

for the radio waves spreading out in space and to get the signal strong enough to run the loudspeaker would take additional amplification of about a million times. The total amplification

is then a billion, billion times.

2\ NEW type of container dispenses * four to fifteen percent more of its contents than a regular collapsible tube. Cosmetics and other types of

soft creams can be packaged in a tube of plastic polyethylene film which is fastened to the top and the bottom of a cardboard cylinder. By turning the

base of the cylinder the tube is twisted and the contents forced out.

The German lens VI 936 No. 18 has

* an aperture of f/6.8 and a focal

length of.7 inch. Its total angle of

view is 210 degrees. Humans can only

see about a 180degree angle.

TV rubbertired undercarriage for the streamliner train between Paris and Strasbourg, France, has been produced by the B. F. Goodrich Rubber

Co. A quieter, smoother ride with

less wear on trucks and cars is the result.

THerdinand Ossendowski reports having seen a migration of fish on fora TasteSurprise Island,Sakhalin north of Japan. He worth

saw a large pike wriggle through the grass from its own lake to a smaller ToodShilake filled with fish three hundred pu RiTY Tom House WaMs yards away, and in the evening the pike stuffed with fish returning to the PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Pocatello Phoenix big lake.

FEBRUARY 1951 65

A PROGRAM FOR PUBLIC AND

PRIVATE INVESTORS are r\H December 15, 1950 the President By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM you of the United States of America Head of Political Science Department,

went on the air to explain the necessity University of Utah for proclaiming a state of "national *)9ttene4ecl emergency."have producedWhatby thethetimesituationthese wordsmay Asia and Asiatic problems or dismissed

appear in print will constitute a test them—despite World War II.

of human faith, skill, courage—and use *****

is knowlthe U.S.A. armed Russia and China.... in oftheknowledge.conspicuousTheabsentee,conspicuous need, It's a topsyturvy world. In 1941

edge. The need for truth of every to defeat Germany and Japan. In

kind, description, and nature was never 1951 the U.S.A. attempts to rearm

more apparent to thinking men and Germany and Japan to defeat Russia getting women, If time and energies are and China.

spared for the task, the world may yet gain the knowledge required to avoid ***** stupid wars and disasters. We cannot The question may be academic. But

I am an academician and cannot elimibe saved in ignorance. W re need, in

this hour particularly, knowledge to nate the significance of asking any guide public opinion and policy as question where more adequate knowlfollows edge is needed. So the

1. About Formosa. Inquestion is asked, again

habited by aborigines Is it impossible for until about 1683; domiStalin-led Russians and

nated by Chinese until Americans, to inhabit defeated by the Japanese the same world in peace?

INTEREST infrom1895;1895 underuntil Japan1945; "(flM Theemergesrelatedfrom questionthe anunder Chiang Kaishek's swer: // not, what are

alternatives, Nationalists the and Chinese since. does such knowlon your SAVINGS where

its history, general, lead China Russia and edge Asia in us? Are 2. About compounded semiannually

If threats Rusthe Asiatic greater than in 1951 cultures, peoples. Germany

sians are included, an overwhelming and Japan were in 1941? If so, or //

majority of the human race inhabit not, what are the consequences?

Asia. Excluding Siberia, half of mankind dwell there. Concerning them,

most of the Occidental peoples, This observer has opinions on all especially Americans, are abysmally these questions. But opinions, as

uninformed. The basin of the PacificPlato pointed out in Meno two thouIndian Oceans is the center of the sand years ago, are worthless unless

world stage of our times. Europe is they "happen"to correspond with true

slowly receding to a place in the wings, knowledge. It is knowledge we lack.

although still on stage. We may have to face a decade or a

3. Why do men fight in Asia? For century of brutal, desolating strife.

what do they fight? Does the dynamic But in the long run we may place our

of the modern police state, with its faith in knowledge to help us in the propaganda and force, the silencing of future. We have large scale industrial

all voices but its own, alone explain research, agricultural research, and the phenomenon? medical research. We need worldsocial science research dimensional if relation precise beis the 4. What THE policies are ever opinions to be and Is it posPeiping? tween and Moscow

sible for the former to overshadow the based on knowledge. Such knowlis possible. and edge Given men of the latter, and aspirationsLDCKHART thinking for billion dollars or ten two If so, a deeper history? with its longer,

how? years, information can be turned up for CDMPANYUnder supervision of the educational system that will peaceState Bonking Department The answers to these questions are fully create a revolution in human relafound. are the single simply not Nor

Main at 21st South 2506 Washington Blvd. or tionships. It is now quite clear that in columnists opinions of newspaper

SALT LAKE CITY OGDEN radio commentators adequate. The the age of Big Business, Big AgriculPhone 6-8711 Phone 4691 sober truth is that too much of the ture, Big Labor, and Big Government,

Occident, especially (for present purall with Big Budgets and Big Expense poses ) the United States, has neglected (Concluded on page 69) 66 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A WELCOME FRIEND ON COLO MORNINGS:::::: W::!...:;. SffiSS;

IT'S a comfortable feeling to roll over in the mornings—take just a few more "winks"and

cuddle under those soft, warm blankets.

It's a comfortable feeling too, to know that your precious car is protected with Utoco Premium Motor Oil—finest we've ever made—

and backed by our experience of 41 years in the petroleum industry.

Utoco Premium Motor Oil is a premium oil in every way, and maintains its lubricating value even during extreme, cold weather. It

gives your car extra protection against wear and corrosion, against formation of sludge, carbon and varnish and it contains inhibitors and detergents which produce a lubricant of outstanding quality.

Use this freeflowing, engineprotecting motor oil in your car—and enjoy that Lubricate for safety

every 1000 miles comfortable feeling.

See/atrVTOCO Dealer for Superior ProMts ana'Service

UTAH OIL REFINING CO.

FEBRUARY 1951 67 O/facial LJrqan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"tpwi* OF

Jhe Church of

sfeiuS dtridt

of cJLatterdau Jalnti n-> nr-J rw jrebman. 1951 VOLUME 54 NUMBER 2

A. WIDTSOE - JOHN SMITH Editors: GEORGE ALBERT L. GREEN - RICHARD L. EVANS Editor: DOYLE Managing

C. JOSEPHSON Editor: MARBA Managing Associate

L. Editor: ALBERT - Research J. MOFFITT Editor: ELIZABETH Manuscript SHEPHERD Editor: BURL family""Today's JR ZOBELL DURHAM - HOMER G BENNETT Contriving - ARCHIBALD EdlL:

A. PALMER - LEE - NIBLEY JR. F.HUGH S. HARRIS, FRANKLIN

B. SPERRY - SIDNEY PETERSEN B CLAUDE BERTHA - Manager: Associate R. CURTIS ELBERT Manager: Genera/

F. S SCOTTEDER VERL Director: - Advertising GILES D. Manager: Business JOHN

SNARR A. Director: GLEN Subscription

The Editor's Page THE COVER

First Presiof the the approval With Lincoln and This Jand George Albert Smith 77 of meetings evening the Sunday dency, the Church on February 4 have been set of the ancommemoration for the Church Features aside the Throughout of scouting. niversary

month. is Scout Boy February nation, Advocate Reconciliations: CLI—Did John Taylor and Evidences was photograph Bergstrom's George 78 Widtsoe John A+ Lawbreaking? White. Nelson use by cover for adapted 83 Olsen.Eugene Help in Genealogy Records Government

Scouting and the Church OFFICES BUSINESS EDITORIAL AND 86 Petersen E. Mark

Street Main 50 North.., 86 Cowley Matthew St. Main North 50 Offices,

L. Wirthlin St. Joseph Main Offices, 40 North 87 Y.M.M.I.A.Y.W.M.I.A.

The Gospel in Iceland - Kate B, Carter 88 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

CorporaInc., a Funds, Mutual -106 Ap1951 Board by General Copyright Y.W.M.I.A. Priesthood Melchizedek

Improvement Mutual Men's Young of the tion - 70 pointee 107 of Column Christ Jesus of Church NoLiquorTobacco the of Association - 72 Church Moves OnSub- The reserved. rights All Saints. Latterday 108,. - s DPage Pressing.,? nBishopric. foreign 83 in advance; year, a $2.50 Genealogy price, -- scription

25c in advance; year, a $3.00 subscriptions,

single copy.

Utah, City, Lake Salt Office, Post the at Fntered Features Special mailing for Acceptance matter. secondclass as

section in for provided postage of rate special at

Z, July authorized 1917, of October L. -Ariel Crowley Act 80 - 1103, I Found—Chapter Laman

1918. Square Templefor unresponsible Word from The Spoken is not Era Improvement The

contributions. welcomes 104, 112, 124 but 78, manuscripts, solicited L. Evans Richard

B. Y. U. Fieldhouse 91 Allpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymust andbe accompaniedreturn. by sufficient

Dr, Louis L. Madsen, Eighth President of Utah State Agricultural

College Ira N* Hayward 94 Change of Address of adchange for required notice days'Fifteen include please Burl Shepherd change, Family a Today's ordering Franklin Universe, the When Exploring magazine. the of recent slip a from - Grains 116 dressaddress of Speaking 65 Whole S. Harris, old the unless issuemade be cannot changes Address Room, for Your Panel Wall for PubProgram A Times, is included. These JrA one new the well as as address -118 H. Addington Marion Investors, G. lic Private and

for Beauty, Wardrobe 66 Blueprint Durham Homer 120 National Advertising Representatives Personality Bookrack the—96 On

.121 Grains Cereal with Baking All That I Have—Alta Higbee

COMPANY TOWNSEND Building Johnson 101 Your Page and Ours—128 EDWARD S.Russ

San Francisco, California G. ESCHEN, COMPANY S. TOWNSEND Stories, Poetry EDWARDHENRY

Blvd. Wilshire 1324

Winter Passage. Bill Adams 84 Los Angeles 17, California

Mysterious Mountain Lions...-Claude T. Barnes 92 332 HARRYSouth MichiganV. LYTLE Ave.

Illinois 4, Chicago Julia Understanding, for Prayer A the of Frontispiece, ASSOCIATES Coming The SANGSTON SADLER AND 69 Wolfe Ave. W. Madison 342 Isolation, MerWhite Dale W. Y. N. 17, York Dreams, Catherine Be Must New There

,.......;.. 75 ritt,.?.'.'- - 82 Berry E.

Poetry Page 76 My Home, Isabelle Fleming 90 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

68 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA These Times

{Concluded from page 66)

Accounts for their hired experts, (it is also the age of Big Wars), we need to expand our sights in the field of social research.

A dream? Absolutely not. The day

dawned with the English, American, and French revolutions, in man's effort to shape and determine the nature of the state and of political order in the world. The preamble to the United

States Constitution is a declaration of faith in the ability of man to "establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity,... common defense, promote

the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty."This faith has

been backed by works. Such faith now

requires more adequate knowledge to ground the necessary works of our era. We shall need to have great Cultivating 20 acres per day with the No. 2 McCormick unit carcenters of social research, many inrier behind an International TD-9 crawler tractor.

stitutes of government and world affairs corresponding to the great centers of industrial, physical, and medicalresearch. Here ise a positive program YOU'LL SAVE these ways

for these times! The Ford Foundation,

the latest greatest of and one of the

is philanthropies, the leadingprivate all with away in this field, having announced its WcCn4Hic& first grants on September 27, 1950 in inlarge, unearmarked sums to such No. 2 Unit Carrier

stitutions of Calias the Universities fornia, Michigan, Harvard, Columbia, You'll save money, because this just four clamps attach the tool bar and the Public Administration Clearing equippedsturdy toolwith bargroundcarriertools canfor culbe tolowerthe orchassis.adjustIndepththe field,on theyougo raise,with

House of Chicago. The Ford example tivating, chiseling, furrowing, bedhydraulic control.

suggests that instead of appropriating ding, busting, subsoiling, ditching or You match wheel treads to row all the billions AFTER the horrible making borders. widths—38 to 60 inches with 90 inch

facts of strife, nations and states and You'll save time. Ground tools are tool bar; 38 to 80 inches with 135private organizations should invest, easily and quickly interchanged—inch tool bar.

not a little, but a great deal of earnest money for pure social research in adSee your IH Dealer for HeavyDuty Tillage Tools!... including

hardisk spring tooth squadron harrows, offset disk harrows,vance. practical This may be the most

carriers rows, farming. unit built for Western and cultivators forpolicy hardheaded in these men

times. We cannot be saved in ignorance—and guesswork is no good in

making plans on how to adjust to life on this earth with the majority of mankind, our brethren who inhabit

Asia.

A PRAYER FOR UNDERSTANDING

By Julia W. Wolfe McCormick squadron disk harrows HeavyDuty Cultivators. Sizes to

are built in widths to 24 feet. Straight match your tractor power, with rug-

T would be ready with that tactful word, rear gangs are hinged to follow ged construction to withstand the

And I would know when things are ground contour, leave soil level. strains of deep tillage in tough soils.

best not heard Or would be best forgotten—I

Sometimes sometimes quick INTERNATIONAL quite blind and to see.

Farmall gift andThe of understanding, Farm Equipment Builds InternationalARVESTER Harvester McCormick Lord,..... Units Tractors... and Power. Crawler Tractors Motor Trucks charity sweetOf thy Refrigerators and Freezers

Give thou to me.

FEBRUARY 1951 69 Clela Bailey Jorgensen

Svppointea

-SiSs ->- -cftwfi--, Jo Ljeneral 5oara

he appointment of Clela Bailey to the general of Jorgensen boardWESTERN flies where I! the climaxes a tire- Y.W.M.I.A.

the sun is shining lessM.I.A.recordworkof forservicethe inpastthe fifteenY.W.

years. At the time of her appointraining be It may or snowing here, down ment, Mrs. Jorgensen serving was

is shining the but sun up there the "above as activity counselor in the Sugarweather"where Western's Convairs fly.

And you'll enjoy groundlevel comfort all housedency. Stake Y.W.MJ.A. presithe way in the Convair's pressurized cabin.

Western's fast, deluxe Convairs link Los Angeles with San

Francisco, Oakland, Portland, CLELA and SeattleTacoma. Daily ConBAILEY

vair service from Salt Lake City JORGENSEN to Los Angeles and Las Vegas. MESS fast flights Other Salt from Lake J AlfcUNE AMERICA'S QWEST City to Falls, Idaho Pocatello,

j Great Falls, and Edmonton.

'.-SSISa Following her graduation from

the University of Utah, Mrs. Jorgensen was married to J. Norman

Jorgensen, and they moved to Piute

County where she taught school for two years. Following this they established residence successively in

Seattle, Washington; Reno, Nevada; and then returned to Salt

Lake City in 1935, where they opened a florist shop, following the profession they had engaged in during their residence in Washington and Nevada.

Mrs. Jorgensen has also been especially active as a PTA worker,

both in her local school and also on the State Congress of PTA.

Mrs. Jorgensen's Church activity

has included work as a ward Gleaner leader, teacher of Sea Gull Girls in the Primary, ward activity counselor, and ward president; she was

then called as a stake board leader of Junior Girls in two stakes, and on the stake board of the Sunday

School.

Elder and Mrs. Jorgensen are the

parents of four boys.

Mrs. Jorgensen has been assigned

to serve on the Gleaner committee of the general board.

SON OF A THE KINGS HUNDRED Costain WHY THE GREATESTEVER TOLDSTORY Thomas B. By

This famous author now Btf Fulton Oursler weaves a story of Canada A reverent, faithful tellat—ofthea turnsixyearof theoldcenturyboy, Jesus,ing of thebringingsublimeHimstoryandof

left relatives without lives were friends; he beand how or OFFERS TO HEW MEMBERS thoseentwinedwhosewith His excitimportant the most comes ingly close to you. A book

in town. person Publishyour family will cherish.

er's edition, $3.00. Publisher's edition, $2.95.

Funk & Wagnalls THE EDGE OF TIME

COLLEGE STANDARD By Loula Grace Erdman

DICTIONARY full story gentle and A first basically differThe of a "secwoman was who years! in guideent word

of bride a ondchoice"en145,000Contains over young handsome farmer—pages;tries, meas- 1,420

she faced a and marhow size in 6ures 1/4"x9%"in riage she could which printed beautifully isand not believe. completely By for fine mast paper.on A the author of Years "The lipermanentthe home

of the Locust."Pubedition, Publisher'sbrary!

lisher's edition, $3.00.

$5.50.

SWIFTWATER Funk & Wagnalls By Paul Annixter STANDARD BIBLE

DICTIONARY FINE captivating story of the OF THESE BOOKS A indispensable to An aid a north a father woods—of

full understanding of (Value up the his their son, and and to $1440)

Scriptures. Contains comto lonely struggle estabauthorita- and lish a for sanctuary wild guiffnlu prehensivetive information about peris geese. the Here wonder

sons, places things and and of the magic great in the Bible. outdoors, dramatically and mentioned

965 big pages. Publisher's beautifully told. Publisher's edition, $2.50. adition, $3.95.

THE FAMILY BOOK OF ByTHEDorothyCOUNTRYVan WIFEDoren FAVORITE HYMNS

PLUS FEW Austin Arthur By CENTS are the words andHere DELIVERY aHerechuckleis a ontrueeverystory page!with

music to more than 100 Imagine a family that of the Americans hymns in city the lives then—accept to IPlove short Includes most. invited it counthe loose in turn are you t7ES, historiescommentaries and wonderful year! try four for a months the of three anyof color Beautiful each. tales parttime a by These only for Y page this on shown booksillustrations George by will surely wife country the IPtr membership m with Publisher'sLouden, Jr. $1.89, ribs. tickle Publishyour to Founded Clubedition, $4.95. Reading $3.00. er's edition, Family the for books distribute *: illiyil and select us are which books - family whole

enterand interesting worthwhile, AMERICA COOKS objectionbeing STILLMEADOW without.:"taming

. Browns ReadThe By Family SEASONS the way, any in able been have you Taber Gladys By what just is Contains reci1600 over Club y me the how below,! finest the pes each Read, for—looking author the book by new A are states of the we 48 from why—of and operates of Father.""Especially Club mouthwatering oldfash- no Send offer. to invitation is unusual an Here this making *RICA favorites to upto- ioned friendcoupon and the mail nowjust money taste theminute sensato spend chance a the get companionshipship—and Club the join tions! direcCrystal-clear the entire with year an cOOKS want, you it books tions fine impossible make delightful toTHREE at her author

Publisher's to go wrong. delay! in Connecticut. old without home

edition, $2.49. edition, $3.00. Publisher's mm*

MAIL COUPON NOW!

FAMILY READING CLUB, Dept. 2ER

York Mineola, New OFFER! THIS SENSATIONAL MAKE WEWHY I as below checked Memhave books my three the send me Please

bill $1.89 only first selection, and me and Books Gift bership sefour for free each Club Book this "Bonus"unReading Club makes FamilyThe all three. for delivery) (plus take. lections you offer usual to membership demonstrate how Told Ever Story Greatest Kings The Hundred a of Son [] in the best brings you most and the Club the Club of books from purchase the Thus, Standard College New of Time The the Edge at less than enjoyable books much new publishthe of instead for $1.89 each—only Dictionary retail editions! publishers'Each month Bible Standard New to $4.00 of prices $2.50 ers'regular G Swiftwater will believe theypublishers submit books Dictionary dolto book of your saves you Favorite 35% of 25%retail—Book Family standards. themeet Club Reading Family Wife Country The the of Bonus value the lars. when And Hymns select can the then they Editors bookOur as in, save is actually figured you Cooks Books America Seasons Stillmeadow to enthusiasticallyrecommend most memas much 50%! send and Club Family Reading the of a bers. as are member enroll every books which These member me Also

I selection. forthcoming Club's the of to a review be—your can month, read books of family each me,

I to if wish not do in advance notifying you Join Send of in Money—privilege library pride. No retained your with Now the home have

the of I purchase to any wish or whether selection, any accept of will only price special club in which If at believe a book members'the you offered Save Members books alternate—How 50%

instincts of are membership every finest no to the appeal There handling). postage and (plus each $1.89

alterlet or selections introduce four family, us I is in your for of as as accept few charge no There membership member fees, and may or dues

I receive, willthe a Club member, months. to Reading Family cost the the Reading As Family you twelve the Club beyond coming during nates NOW

I alternates or selections of choice canof four the your get themselves. only while books Club you pay each with You free ANY Book Bonus a

$1.89 each (plus postage and handling) for THREE of the wonderful books described accept.

the books you purchase after reading the here—two as your FREE Membership Gift, Mr.

book review magazine which will come to and one as your first Club selection—a Mrs

your home each month. It is not necessary total value as high as $14.40—for only Miss I Please print)

just the mail to purchase a book no money, every Send you month may $1.89!—couAddress.

offeraccept this unusual as four as However, retain to each pon today. year as few

your withdrawn membership! be may

'to mail the coupon And you will receive a handsome new you at anyNOW!time, we urge CityAge, if Same price in Canada:.Zone 105State.Bond St., Toronto 2

FAMILY READING CLUB MINEOLA, NEW YORK Under 21 L Offer good only in the U.S.A. and Canada.

FEBRUARY 1951 71 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

November 1950 the Church and the federal governDr. G. Homer Durham delivered the

ment. The misunderstanding had reeighth annual Joseph Smith Memorial

sulted in Albert General S. Johnston's sermon at the S. Institute Logan L. D. of President A. Kirkham Oscar $ his bringing to Utah. army of Religion. subject His was the "J osePn of the First Council Seventy

Smith Political 1950."and the World, the Charlotte,dedicated the chapel of President Joseph Fielding ) /J. Acting States Atlantic CentralN. C, Branch, of the the of Council Smith

threestory of a fi Purchase brickMission. the touring TexasLouisiana Twelve,

the house corner on of Seventh

Mission, streets, Clarkson dedicated the Waco Branch and Denver, Coloof | Milton R. Hunter President chapel.

rado, announced. building will The of the the First Council Seventy

be used as the headquarters for thededicated the combination Moore David E. Heywood J {j President States Western Mission. River (Idaho)Ward chapelLost president of the sustained as

than More twelve thousand of hours house.Stake R. Stake, with (Arizona) Phoenix labor in have been the donated past President the A. of Kirkham Oscar Blaine Alex- H. and Melvin Johnson seven to the months Industries DeseretFirst the dediCouncil of Seventy counselors. Presidents as ander Heyproperties in Angeles. Los conThe of the thecated chapel Gilreath to counselors and were Johnson wood struction work, carried forward on Branch, C.) Wilksboro,(North N. retiring president, L. the Elder Delbert Saturdays three and or two evenings Atlantic States Mission.Central of the of the Twelve. Stapley Council week, a has included technical many

susPresident H. George Mortimer jobs, as such inelectrical plumbing, of of A. bust Oscar Kirkham A of [ the tained president as 5 York New stallations, steel and some conheavy the of First the Council Seventy Stake, Paine with G. and D. David struction.

lifetime will scouterand completed be counselors. as Stanley McAllister

the Divisions of nine fourteen and Fairbanks placed andby Avard in a President and Paine were Mortimer athletic fourChurch a began program national at placeprominent headretiring president, the to counselors is tournament, Pingpong day whichquarters, of Scouts America, Boy New of F. dean Edwards, William now

affair. to an expected be annual it City, is announced.York of the College Brigham Commerce,

teachers Four seminary have new

University. Young

in the S. stakes L. been added D. by

[ / President Oscar A. Kirkham of Elder Albert E. Bowen of the the Los Angeles, California, area, to

the First Council of the Seventy Council of the Twelve dedicated the work with the high school students in dedicated the chapel of the Ash, N. O, chapel of the Monrovia Ward, Pasathe Church's program which was inBranch, Central Atlantic States Misdena (California) Stake. augurated last fall.

sion. Acting President Joseph Fielding

of the Council Smith of the Twelve the dedicated Port Arthur [ 9 Presiding Bishop LeGrand RichBranch [ Q theElderCouncilEzraof Taftthe TwelveBensondediof ards dedicated the chapel of the chapel. cated the chapel of the Logan Eleventh

Monument Park Ward, Bonneville Ward, Mount Logan (Utah) Stake.

President Joseph Fielding (Salt Stake. Lake City) 2 7 Acting of the Elder Spencer W. Kimball Smith of the Council President Milton R. Hunter of the the dedicated of the Council of the Twelve

First Council of the Seventy dedicated Twelve dedicated the Baton Rouge, chapel of the Capitol Ward, Phoenix the Orland Branch chapel, Northern Louisiana, Branch chapel. (Arizona) Stake.

California Mission. Charles B. Richmond sustained as

2 8 Monna Hansen of Great Falls, president of Park (Salt Lake City) Montana, was named winner Nelson Warren R. with of Stake and C. Duncan John Captain University's left Brigham annual Young at for his headquarters as counselors. Fort Ord, George B. Glade They

California, as the first L. D. S. chapHeber J. Grant oratorical contest. succeed President J. Percy Goddard

lain ever to be set apart. his counselors, and Fred M. Michelin large Eightyseven Piute sen and Indians had a J A Book of Mormon Hendrik Poelman.

Thanksgiving Eve feast as guests of twelvepoint type was made The last regularly scheduled stake available Co. by Deseret Book Thethe stake. Cedar (Utah) of the calendar quarterly conferences

for is printed primarily persons book Frank Marble J. 1950 year succeeds Ben Hanwere held.

ley as superintendent of buildings and needing to conserve their eyesight. The

volume, printed the University bygrounds on Temple proSquare of of the and the sketches Q Architect's is Press, Mass., Cambridge, the workadjacent Church administrative buildhave temple Angeles Los posed

years. a half and of twoings, announced. it was Elder Hanley, the General Auby approved been

a veteran of thirtytwo years as superthorities, and construction is expected intendent, will return to an advisory December 1950 to begin as soon as working plans position after a vacation. are completed by Edward O, AnderFormal proposal to erect a monu- 3 Many of the Sunday evening son, Church architect.

ment to Colonel Thomas L. Kane, programs throughout the Church Tentative plans for a monument on

early friend of the Church, announced. were in charge of Sunday School offithe grave of Elder Parley P. Pratt,

Colonel Kane came to Utah in 1857 cers and teachers and featured Sunday early Church leader, near Van Buren, and mediated the difficulties between School work. Arkansas, announced.

72 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "(refDown fo Brass Tacks, Son, % AND YOU'LL CHOOSE A JOHN DEERE

LOOK FOR dcfapfaMifp Regardless of the size of your farm, the crops you grow or how you grow them, there's a John Deere GeneralPurpose Tractor in just the right size and type to meet your exact needs, with matched working equipment to handle your particular jobs.

LOOK FOR Economy You'll find the John Deere has it to anoutstanding degree. Exclusive twocylinder construction with halfas-many engine parts,

fewer gears and shafts throughout, insures lower maintenance costs. Highly efficient

CyclonicFuel-Intake engine cuts fuel bills.

LOOK FOR DepentfaM/fy You want a tractor that's always ready to go—a tractor you can depend upon to see you

seasons. through the unequalled The sim-

... plicity.. greater. the accessibility the

blueribbon quality of John Deere TwoCyl- inder Tractors insures steady, unfaltering power... fewer "time outs"for maintenance

and repair.

\look for long life Size for size, a John Deere Tractor is unequalled in strength to stand the punishment of grueling farm work for a longer time. Parts

larger, heavier, pistons are stronger—bigger... gears stronger crankshaft and

... shafts... heavier housing frame more rugged and

When you choose your next tractor, "get down to brass construction.

for really that features the count sure be and Modern Design tacks"—look FOR &* OOK you get all of them.

. transmission Multispeed automatic

. ventilation crankcase battery-.. distributor of Thousands today's Deere owners from John know fuel.. for. tapered ignition tank unexcelled

..... personal just tractors can't other experience with clutch view. fullyadjustable, that you..hand

these and many other features equal the exclusive John Deere "twocylinder idea"practicalswinging drawbar—allengineering John make

for.. dependable after season performance season. for Deeredesign. Tractors today's leaders in modern fewer repair bills and far lower through years the down

... for outstanding fuel economy. Equally important, these |\LOOK FOR Hydraulic Control

owners have found that John Deere's advanced engineerFirst in the field yesterday, John Deere

PowrTrol is foremost Hydraulic ing hyprovides among of combination a greater operating modern fieldtoday. draulic systems Thoroughly

features it better, to speed up every power job, do make it effortgives instant, proved, it accurate, you easier. andless drawncontroltools.of the widest variety of integral

The more you know about John Deere TwoCylinder

Tractors, the you'll convinced more be that a John is the tractor for Deere OOK FOR Base ofHandling you. Fill out the literature; for free coupon

easy, with shockproof In combination then see your John Deere dealer arrange and for a demonBteering quickacting, individual foot and stration of the that type offers and size needs. Rollexclusive brakes, fits your Deere you John

O-Matic "kneeaction"front wheels to give you the utmost in maneuverability and smooth riding.

LOOK FOR Comforf A Here again, you'll find a John Deere has everything you've been looking for in a tracwill tor that's that easier on fatigue reduce during the at the operator—onelong hours

wheel. The deepcushion seat is fully adjustable; you can stand at will on the roomy

John Deere, Moline, 111. Dept. GP 50 platform.

Send me free literature on following John Deere Tractors:

1-2-plow "M"Series Q 2- and 3-plow "B,""A,"and "G"Series.

Name.

RFD -Town- -StateJOHN QEj DEERE MOLINE, ILLINOIS

FEBRUARY 1951 73 STANDARD WORKS OF THE CHURCH in new editions BOOK OF MORMON Missionary edition $!. 00; by mail, $ 1.25

Library 10 pt. type $ 2.00

Large type 12 pt., 6x9 page $ 3.00

DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS Library $ 1.50

Large type in combination with Pearl of

Great Price, $ 3.00

PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

Library.$.85

IN TRIPLE COMBINATION

Regular edition, 10 pt. type, Bible paper,

gold edges, genuine leather $ 7.50

Large type, 12 pt. type, Bible paper, gold

edges, genuine leather (Page for page conformity with regular edition) $12.00

HOLY BIBLE: L. D. S. Missionary edition, with L. D. S. Ready Reference Cambridge University

Dictionary and Concordance; Bible paper; available in four styles; price ranges:

MB1 MB2 MB3 MB4 Simulated leather, Genuine Persian Genuine Persian Genuine Persian strong, durable Morocco, fabric lining, Morocco, fabric lining, Morocco, genuine reinforced binding straight edges $1.00 overlapping edges leather lining

$7.50 Indexed $12.00 $11.00 overlapping edges

Indexed $12.00 $13.00

NEW BOOKSNEW EHITIONS A MARVELOUS WORK AND WORD OF WISDOM

A WONDER by John A. Widtsoe and Leah D. Widtsoe

by LeGrand Richards, Presiding Bishop

Systematic, step by step, presentation of the restored Newer knowledge of nutrition confirms the Word of

Gospel, for investigators, teachers, missionaries at home and Wisdom and Safeguards Health.

abroad, by a veteran missionary, mission president, bishop, $2.75

stake president, now Presiding Bishop. Missionaries applaud

it fervently.

$1.75 GREATER DIVIDENDS FROM RELIGION

PROPHECY AND MODERN TIMES by Gerrit de Jong, Ph.D.

by W. Cleon Skousen

Prophecy through the ages and in our day; about America, ing Testimonyin obedienceof tospiritualthe principlespower earnedof the restoredby believingGospel.and livPalestine, millennium. the

$1.75 $1.75

Ask book dealers in your town.

All prices are subject to change without notice.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH

7:4: THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Jke Ccomma

or the

WHITE

ISOLflTIOR

2U W %rnlt

—Photograph by Theodora Kerr

HE black raider of the night roared past the edges of the world, hushing himself around jagged corners that he might bellow fullthroated again, shaking treeskeletons till their teeth rattled, pinning the ears of the earth back with his whiplash voice....

Then the snow came, sifting a spoondrift of silence over the crouching plains, stilling small movements of man and beast, tying its sounddeadening gag of stifling white over the mouth of the earth...

Terror crept into the hulking houses, chimneys bled forth agonies...

Who would dare venture out in this sinister whiteness?

Only small, featherpuffed, seedsearching birds mock the sunrise with the derisive phoneme of bird laughter.

FEBRUARY 1951 75 LINES FOR A VALENTINE POINT OF VIEW WISDOM IT WERE

By Elaine V. Emans By Eleanor Alletta Chaffee By Jon Beck Shank

wouldn't Tt be glamorous TWO * to Enough say you wear * he handsstared, against the dripping pane, AT Tave* Withwe forgotten,season's hasleavesour thatwisdomleaveflowna well, nor that So I love Small prisoner of weather, fair, Your always playing at the storm. Howbarrento smashtree, fear and how to mend the the world "Mummy, looks crooked!"

bone shared So we fear that peace Of I appreciate Nor smashed and compromised in that still Together safety, and warm, the free? quality Your of kindness, outlook The through glass. blurred For

it it that to use cheers were Wisdom our state Nor a stone me, hav'ng the him sun soon You feign deliberate blindness Would break through the clouds and AndSinfulhammerthat menills theirto betterlapsesshapeshouldthanatone,woe; all be fair;

faults. To my persisting The crystal gleaming and the tempest So slowly love expires under snow.

It would be out of place done,

To write among the flowers, The universe his once again to share. Go feel the wires where Buchenwald was

The cupids, and the lace, What of the "crooked world"for us who And fencedsmell the musk that holds its sin see your understanding What means Darkly

At any hour I need it through glass a world we never Standdefined,in the rubble of the Nippon breeds made* here, But hundred Where thousand love, it's written; souls quick my were Lashed the gale, by strange to all amnesty?

dispensed: So here, sweetheart, my read it! Shall turn from we our square

bribed of sky, Be by others'to anguish kind, be afraid,

Or. like the child whose hope, perennial To exercise the moral sense in deeds!

REASONABLE FACSIMILE Renewsbloom,itself, laugh in the face of doom?

By S. H. Dewhurst LINCOLN

(A Shakespearean Sonnet) Tt GIFT indeed was apparent MY he TO A GLEANER By Mabel Atkinson Law -1 figured he'd Had outwitted me, Elisabeth S. By I our Gunnell T Te gave nation of his For as giant strength. passed him slowly by,

* * it the out From corner was could When and not weak eye I special gift of my '"PHIS chose for you

I stand saw alone, him smile start to and throw A be Cannot seen by eye; human

its That held huge groping, ball and tottering hardpacked He form. At of snow. swiftly, But through the ether waves,

length, It its wings to high. way on God

I it Triumphant, just wonder emerged now he what from war's dark thought

To see his planning go for naught, It humbly prays for him to bless zone,

To see me duck then walk away, And guide your every step, Fulfilled the vision that this prophet saw

The victor in our little "fray."That all your actions, thoughts, desires Upon his knees with weary, massive head

He hadn't guessed I used to enjoy Leave you without regret. Bowed low. The ice of fearful hearts

The selfsame thing when I was a boy! would thawMay thoughtfulness, sincerity Before the sunshine of his love. Though

Clothe you from day to day; dead,

MEMO—FEBRUARY 14TH AndMay virtuelovelinesspaveenvelopthe way.you ForHe walksdeath thebutearthgaveto himtempereveryeverynation'shour,

lands of peace be mind May yours today; By Maryhale Woolsey to In which dwell with tender, deathless God May nod. down and power.

prayers it For well know boware—I f ove's not easy to present, of work The this loved withcommoner closest link Our with God. J-/ stands Save in murmurings and kisses.

For its paperlacy line Erosion of ill winds. He has his place

There's no better rule than this is: Within the universal heart's embrace.

Lest a maudlin sentiment Make romance's ending terse Never look a valentine THE PIRATE

Critically in the verse!

By Eleanor Nadeau Fowler 7\ PIRATE came pounding at my kitchen

THE GOLDEN TRUMPET ** door.

"Chocolate cookies!"he cried with a roar

By Margery S. Stewart That set me a-trembling. He brandished a

gun; 'YJJken is the moment His cutlass reflected the bright morning ""In the frozen ground sun;

The seed stirs and quickens? And daggers were stuck in his belt, fore

What signal, sound, and aft.

Breaks the brown prison? When I brought him the cookies, he

grabbed laughed! fingerWhat shakes them—and

Then I saw that I need not have been so sleepingThe cell?

What warmth awakes afraid, The fragile, flickering life, For the cutlass and daggers looked very

The green rush FRESHFROSTED homemade.

circlingOf tendrils in By Vesta Nickerson Lukei But henotseemedshoot, unaware that his gun wouldThe dark, the hush with sparkling As eyes, off he withBroken made by tremendous force is world winter a HPhe cake his loot.Of growing? chocolate * Of dough,

I will awake from granite silence icing, The whippedcream later I could help not this: noticing flake AndKnowing! flake of snow. On little kiss! a own choe'laty had boy My

&i'&VVK&*XJ2r,'h <&**&n&*jOr*-&*-Or*<&iLINCOLN

and Jkl6 aJand

&i

[resident Ljeorae Mlbert Smith

h IS RESIDENT ABRAHAM LINCOLN, in One of is emblazoned upon the pages of history as / his important messages, gave to us this a great and noble man who dared to do right, % remarkable advice: and his praises will be sung and his virtues

extolled throughout all time.

"Let every American, every lover of lib-

I am grateful that there is inherent in the erty, every wellwisher to his posterity, swear

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints by the blood of the revolution never to vio- a determination to sustain the laws of the late, in the least particular, the laws of the land. I am grateful for the government that

country, and never to tolerate their violation our Heavenly Father gave to us, for he has by others. As the patriots of '76 did to the

support of the Declaration of Independence, said that he raised up wise men to prepare for us the Constitution of this great nation, so to the support of the Constitution and laws, let every American pledge his life, his and I am thankful that he has given unto us the assurance that so long as the people of property, and his sacred honor. Let every

this land live in righteousness, he will be their man remember that to violate the laws is to

God and their King. I am grateful that this

trample on the blood of his fathers and to land has been consecrated to liberty and that tear the charter of his own and his children's the way was prepared for the coming forth liberty. Let reverence for the laws be breathed

of the gospel in this great and wonderful naby every American mother to the lisping babe tion. that prattles on her lap. Let it be taught in

Many parts of the world are closed to the schools, in seminaries, and in colleges. Let

teaching of this eternal truth because many of it be preached from the pulpit, proclaimed in the legislative halls, and enforced in courts of our Father's children have failed or refused the of God, and commandments keep the short, let it become the political to justice—in to hearts the put into their do has adversary

S religion of this nation."things that have brought war into the world

That was the voice of him now stilled in and even our own nation may not be free if death, who gave his life because of his desire we fail to fcfllow him who is the Lord of this our Father has said that it should S for the perpetuation of the liberty that was land—for

s guaranteed under the Constitution of the only be recognized as his favored land if the

United States. He was unafraid. When the people keep his commandments. The only

duty was placed upon him to battle for the hope for peace and prosperity in America liberties of mankind, he dedicated his life will be on these terms. God the Eternal

to that purpose, and in due time, our Father Father is our King; he is our Lawgiver. But

in heaven accepted his offering, and his name righteousness is the price of peace.

S

& Eclitot'si FEBRUARY 1951 assured, can afford to overlook the possibility \Jplviloviated feopie ofbeingbeingright.wrongTheas wellpersonas thewhoprobabilityapproachesof

RICHARD L. EVANS with an open attitude is usually accepted

with less restraint if he is right, and he can retreat with less embarrassment if he is \\7hen a man drives a stake down deep wrong. And even a man of success and

without being sure he is putting it in the assurance must learn to alter his views when right place, he may have to pull it up again he comes in conflict with a demonstrated fact with a good deal of difficulty. And when a or a proved principle. To give up a wrong

person proclaims a positive opinion without opinion is a wholesome kind of repentance.

being sure of his facts, he may have to Of course it is possible for a person to be modify it with much embarrassment. Some too agreeable. Opinions that waver with the

people with strong opinions can put them winds aren't worth anything. A man who

over without irritation, while others let their doesn't have convictions and who doesn't opinions protrude to the point where everydefend them isn't worth listening to. But

one stumbles over them. We have all known people who are too sure of what they don't

people who habitually oppose almost any know and who proclaim too positively their opinion other than their own. We have all poorly supported opinions offer an open inknown people who perversely take the opvitation to resistance and resentment. It is

posite side of almost any question. We have a great gift to be able to have definite opinall known people who seem to have become ions without appearing to be "opinionated."

so accustomed to thinking they are right that It is a great gift to be able to lead men to an it is difficult for them to suppose they could idea and make them want to drink without ever be wrong. But just as surely as people trying to pump it into them under pressure.

become overly "opinionated"other people are going to take pleasure in opposing their Uhe Spoken Word from temple square opinions and in exposing their errors. The PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADfact is that we all make many mistakes. And CASTING SYSTEM, NOVEMBER 26, 1950

no man, however selfconfident or selfCopyright, King Features

DID JOHN TAYLOR ADVOCATE LAWBREAKING?

i>yJoL-J. Wilt50e OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

TheChurch"Manifesto"conference presentedof October to1 890thesuspendedgeneral a hotlyNevertheless,debated subject,as wouldsomenaturallyoverzealoushappen peopleunder the practice of polygamy. Since that time paid no attention to the action of the conference.

it has been unlawful in the Church for a man to They continued, quietly, to take plural wives, and have at the same time more than one wife. Any urged others to do so. These were mostly devoted

violation of that rule has been and is punished by but misled members of the Church.

excommunication from the Church. There were others, however, who actually deThe people accepted the "Manifesto"because fied the authority of the Church. These apostates

it came to them in the established order of the from the Church, seeking to justify their unlawful

Church. President Wilford Woodruff said it behavior, have made two claims which involve the

was a revelation. It had the force of a revelation, character of John Taylor, third president of the

since it came from the lips of the sustained prophet Church.

of the day; it was in harmony with earlier revelaFirst, they claim that John Taylor as President

tions on similar subjects; and the Church had of the Church received revelations that would

battled for the practice, as a part of their constimake the later acceptance of the "Manifesto"tutional rights, until at last the Supreme Court of unlawful. But they forget that the revelation

the land had ruled against them. most frequently circulated urges complete and

They did not relinquish their faith in the princiconstant loyalty to the principle but also says ple but surrendered the right to practise it. They that its practice "must be obeyed by those calling

understood the distinction between a principle and the practice of it. themselves by my name, unless they are revoked

by me or by my authority."The authenticity of

1See The Improvement Era, November, 1940. "Evidences and this revelation is seriously in doubt. They also Reconciliations,"pp. 673, 693-4.

78 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA forget that no revelation even from the livfor us to have wives now. And when the Eding prophet becomes a Church doctrine unless it munds law was passed, I looked carefully over

ispresented to the proper quorums of the priestthe document, and saw that if I was to continue hood and to the people. to live in the same house with my wives that I

Secondly, they charge that John Taylor set should render myself liable to that law. I did

apart a small group of not wish—although I conmen to act in the matter of sidered the law infamous—plural marriage over any EVIDENCES P to be an obstructionist, or

action that might be taken act the part of a Fenian, or by the Church. This, of of a Nihilist, or of a Kucourse, is sheer nonsense. RECONCILIA TIONS Klux, or Communist, or a

President Taylor was well CLI Molly Maguire, or any of versed in the practices of these secret societies that the Church. He was taught and trained by the are set on foot to produce the disintegration of soProphet Joseph Smith himself. He knew any ciety and disturb the relations that ought to exist

such action, should he take it, would have to be between man and man, between man and woman, communicated at least to his Counselors. That or man and his God. I desired to place myself

is understood by all informed Latterday Saints. in obedience, or in as close conformity as practicaMoreover, there is evidence that the ringleader of ble to the law, and thought I would wait and see

this group confessed that in promulgating the what the result would be; and that if the nation

practice of plural marriage against the law he can stand these things, I can or we can. These

had acted contrary to President Taylor's comare my feelings. Men and nations and legislamission. There is a difference between defending tors often act foolishly and do things that are

a principle, and practising it. unwise, and it is not proper that a nation should

President Taylor was an honest man. He fought be condemned for the unwise actions of some few

to the end of his life for the divinity of the princimen. Therefore I have sought to place myself in

ple of plural marriage. But he accord with that law. I said to my wives: 'we are

also knew that under God's law, living in this building together.'We were quite

when the practice of a principle is comfortably situated, and we might so have conforbidden under the law of the tinued, but I said to them that, 'Under the cirland, the people are held guiltless cumstances, it will be better for me or for you to if the principle is not obeyed. leave this place; you can take your choice.'They

This is clearly stated by Presihad their homes, which were quite comfortable, dent Taylor himself in a sermon down here, which they now inhabit, so I said to them, 'you can go there, and I will stay here, or Mn Arndwer to the \ojuie6tiovis or Ulovith youHouse,canandstayI atwillthegoGardothere or somewhere else, for I wish to conform to this delivered Sunday afternoon, FebEdmunds Law as much as I can.'

ruary 1, 1885, in the Salt Lake "I am always desirous to let everything have

Tabernacle. This sermon was reits perfect working. We talked sometimes about

printed in pamphlet form and patience having its perfect work. If we have

widely distributed. In this sermon laws passed against us, I like to see them have a

he speaks of the congressional law fair opportunity to develop and see what the reagainst the practice of plural marsult will be. These were my feelings then, and

riage and states, as his opinion, they are my feelings today."

that it is "contrary to justice and This should be a sufficient answer to those the rights and the freedom of who attempt to misinterpret the acts of one of men."the latterday prophets of the Lord.

Having done this he continues, "But I said to myself, I will let that law take its course; I will

place myself in accord with it so far as I can. Did I do it? I did.

I remember talking to Mr. Pierrepont, who was

AttorneyGeneral under President [U. S.] Grant's

administration. He with his son called upon me. PRESIDENT

They dined with me, and perhaps I can explain JOHN TAYLOR my views on this subject by repeating the conversation as well as any other way. I have a

sister keeping my house for me—the Gardo House.

When Mr. Pierrepont came in, I said:

"Mr. Pierrepont, permit me to introduce to you

my sister, who is my housekeeper. It is not lawful

FEBRUARY 1951 79 B, JL C*JL* JJR jU FOUND LA MAN

Chapter I

having Father Rector Maria now Juan the northTheanyquestiontrace everis oftenbeenasked:foundHasof laborsJesuit ofmissionaryJacob Baegert,of thea CatholicGerman discovered I on side and on the

the name Laman used among the Church."The work remained in south and west a copious harvest, we

Indian tribes at or immediately obscurity, untranslated into English, divided into two missions, and soon we following the; time of the discovery until 1863, when it was translated noticedof nationsthatof theredifferentwaslanguages,mingling one,in themthe

of America? by Charles Rau and published in Monqui, which we already knew, and the

The Lamanite nation, according the 1863 and 1864 reports of the other the Laimon, which we did not know.

all diligence with Immediately set about we of Smithsonian of regents although board ofto the Mormon, Book it is latter, the learn the because to and title, Institution, under the "An Acof curse, 1 succeeded"a subjectthe to be appeared language, and dominating in the end of the fourth and in the count of the Aboriginal Inhabitants the general one in this extensive kingdom, beginning of the fifth centuries of the Californian Peninsula, as with continued study we learned it quickit in continually preach ly and and we given a German by viceJacob Baegert, the in overwhelmingA.D.

the to doctrine the teach Christian there Missionary Jesuit that who lived Nephite people. 3 Atweakened in to the the as MonLaimones Monqui

time the dominant Lamanite facseventeen years during the second quis.

tions were at war not only with half of the last century."

the early and destroyed, Dr. R. G. Latham, they Nephites,the whom 10 of his work, Jacob In Chapter

his in philologist, their English eminent also withinbut says: 9 own factions. 4 Baegert

All Book of Mormon evidence littleknown Comparative Philpoints to the survival, at the close Leaving aside a great many dialects and ology,turned his attention to the of Book of Mormon history (about offshoots,have thus sixfar entirelybeen discovereddifferent languagesin Calilanguages and people of Lower 421 A.D.) of a very numerous peofornia, namely, the Laymona, about the California and wrote:

ple identified by the names Laman mission of Loreto; the Cotshimi, in the

5 recent notices of the of languages any Of the others of Xavier, towards mission and Lamanite.and

none. California, eo nomine, Old I know in the of the Utchiti north; the Pericua and It probable, acseems reasonably is preIn the Mithridates information the still language spoken south, the unknown

cepting the truth of the Book of by the nations whom Father Linck visited eminently scanty.

Mormon narrative, that even in 1766 during his exploration of the though decimation of numbers southern part of the peninsula; and lastly

of language, which I Waicuri ammight be expected from continual the now \\fith no traditions explaining their as to treat, learned having much about internecine wars, and although of it as was necessary for conversing origin, or the splitting into inadoption of separate factional 6 with the natives. numerable tribes incessantly at war

names was the common practice, with one another, the Indians are at the of trace name Lamansome obvious (an name Laymon The events oc- a knowledge loss about of of the passage survivedcould have of equivalent phonetic ) was Laman birth. curring before their own beintervened centuriesten which the of the tongue not only name

fore the discovery of America. spoken but also of the people who

not be hand it would On the one Miguel spoke it. Venegas, Spanish

to the only According 10 if the beensurprising had name historian, wrote, I have which work wholly lost as the systems of writamined at first hand, exthe ing and entire civilizations found These native tribes belonged to three Nachrichten von det in recent archeological research in main groups or families. In the south from Americanischen Halbinsel

Mannheim, parallel the Kalifornien 24th lived to the Lucas San South CentralMexico, Amerand the (Mithridates, in 1772; tribe or Edues. belonged To this otherica the lost; 7 on were the anonymous 1773), hand thePericues troublesome inhabited Guaycuras who

identification of a people in America the coast between LaPaz and Mission author of which was a under the name Laman or any variaLoreto. The second group, in the imJesuit missionary in the

tion of it as of the time of founding mediate vicinity of this same mission, were middle parts of the peninof the Spanish missions, particumemberslargest clan,of knownthe Monquias the family.ChochimisTheor sula,Old Californiathe languageswere of

larly in records not accessible to Laymones, lived in the northern part of the 1. The Waikur, spoken

Joseph Smith in his lifetime, would peninsula. in several dialects

strongly corroborate the Book of 2. The Utshiti

Mormon and stand as direct eviSomewhat earlier, Eusebio Frans- 3. The Layamon

dence of its truth. cisco Kino (16441711 ) in his His- 4. The Cochimi, north

There is such evidence. torical Memoir of Pimeria Alta, and

In the year 1772 there was pubquoted the following from a letter 5. The Pericu, at the

lished in Mannheim, Germany, in which was written by the Catholic southern extremity the German language, a work enpriest Francisco Maria Picolo of of the peninsula titled Nachrichten von det Amerithe Company of Jesus prepared at 6. Aform probablyof speech usednew

canischen Halbinsel Kalifornien, Quadalajara in response to the royal by'some tribes viswhich is a record of the missionary cedulaof July 17, 1701: ited by Linck

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

fHE writings of Francisco Maria Picolo, Catholic priest of the Company of Jesus {in 1701), the written records of Father Taraval, another Catholic priest, and the voluminous scholarly report of Jacob Baegert, a German Jesuit missionary of the Catholic Church to Lower California nearly two hundred years ago, all give strong identification of a people in America under the name of Laman or variations of it, as they found these tribes at the founding of the

Spanish missions.

JsJot accessible to Joseph Smith during his lifetime nor long after tvards, these documents strongly corroborate the Book of Mormon and stand as direct evidence of its truth.

J\n Indian often does not knoiv the names of his own parents or who listed the tribes as "Die Pericu; die

they were if he should happen to have Waicura; die Laymon; die Cochimi,"

in the area under consideration, lost them during his infancy.

Muhlenfordt, in Mejico?* details

the linguistic families as "Pericues, and Laymon were dialects of it, how far Monquis, Cochimas, Laimones, they were separate substantive languages, Utchitas, and Incas."

is not very clearly expressed. In 1941 Gerard Decorme, a priest

of the Society of Jesus, published a

Elsewhere from the notes of the

Jesuitas Los work La Obra De he in which earliest authorities, the following Mexicanos comments may be cited: upon the studies of the Spaniard

1S The Jesuit Francisco Maria Pimental as follows

Picolo, in his Memoir, wrote of the

This is what we learn from what we may tribes in Lower California: "Some Pimentel simplifies too much when he

call the Mannheim account; the way in speak the language of Monqui, the reduces the languages of California to two

which the author expresses himself being others speak the Laimone lanfamilies, the Cochimi or Laimon in the not exactly in the form just exhibited, but "13 north and the Guaycura or Monqui in the to the effect that, besides the Waikur with guage. li south (Guaycura, Uchita, Cora,. Concho or

its dialects, there were five others. Ducrue, in Mutr, Nachrichten, Lauretario). P. Taraval recognizes three

The Waikur proper, the language which says: "Dreyerley Sprachen in Cali families from which, come', two others,

it is the to learn, necessary'he author although especialwhich notice under most was die fornien, Picos die de los f dann ly as indistinct. places on, Juan'that them engaged says and Luyando which: P. he he los die de unlich Waicuros, de und theLigui, sufficiently arefive: there that really for judges his knew purposes as a

. r. los Laymones."is is missionary the Santiago in Loreto spoken of the and language middle 13 which

part of the peninsula. How far the Utshiti Hassel, in Mexico Guatemala, ( Continued oVt }bnd(hihp tfaffe)'

FEBRUARY 1951 81 side of the Californian gulf, where the

LAMAN FOUND provinces of Cinaloa and Sonora are situated; but to my knowledge, naviga-

(Continued from preceding page) Between San Fernando and Molege tion never has been practiced by the InLigui; the Monchi or Monqui which they were the Limonies, divided, going from dians of that coast, nor is it in use among

speak in Dolores and La Paz; the Guaythe north, into the Cagnaguets, Adals and them at the present time. There is, furthercura and Uchiti in Todos Santos and KadaKamans. From Molege to Loreto more, within many leagues towards the

Santiago; the Pericu in San Jose del Cabo were the purer Cochimies or Guaicuris, or interior of country, no kind of wood to

and Cochimi in San Jose; San Miguel, La Vicuras, whom the Jesuits assert were of be had suitable for the construction of

Parisima. Santa Rosalia, Guadalupe, San the same language as the Limonies. even the smallest vessel. From the Pimeria,

Ignacio and all the northern discovered the northernmost country, opposite the territory. All these have their dialects In 1891 the name was rendered, peninsula, a transition which might have

almost on every ranch and varying as in the plural form of Lamans by been easier by land, after crossing the much as Spanish from Portuguese. Thus Elisee Reclus, in The Earth and Its Rio Colorado or by water, the sea being

in or Laimon: means Cochimi Tamaa

ple, peoInhabitants. 21 The passage is of inislands.this placeIn defaultvery ofnarrowboats andtheyfullcouldof they say in GuadaTamo, in St. Jose

lupe, Tama, in San Ignacio Tomo, in Santa significance: employ their balsas or little rafts made

also in other of are used weeds, which thus vowelRosalia many by and Tamoc, to to related the be appear The Chontals either the live sea, ee, near Californians others others aa, saysounds: who some is their language oof Lencas of Honduras;

first fish turtle, for crossing over catching or others. or withor some even confuse The distinct both Aztec from and and Maya,

to distant leagues certain island in doctrine aoutline of vocabulary two and still 30,000, they mostly about number shore. (cf. in is the opinion of however, from that I am, of Bolton P. KineCochimi inof the river the designated names by

if that, to life, ever these Pimerians best hadhis gone 227). work page The bear however, them. in habited Some, by

curiosity, itself California or induced to del P. had by MiguelCochimi owes of distinct as the Pantasmas names, such

Barco. In Ligui (Edit, Noe, Concho, upper Segovia, the Cucras following lower been driven to that coast by a storm, the

of the aspect country dreary soon the wouldLauretano) professors Goni and the (Uluas), Carcas, down, Wulwas first. to return delay caused without have themCopart were the Siquias, the Melchoras, Lamans, and Ramas

their country. doubtless It was own

all the to of rudest the of Rio Mico,

In a letter to the author dated aborigines. necessity that gave the impulse to the peoJuly 27, 1949, Sr. Gerard Decorme pling of the peninsula. Nearly all neightribes the of America, over whom significance of passage boring the Theclarified the matter somewhat are withEuropeans almost sway, have no

lies to in the a possible reference follows:further as other, at as out cessation with each war

tribe in origin of Honduras. The is of resistance; long as part one capable

in three tongues Father put Taraval is but the too exBaegert described weaker when much by Jacob Laman five:California, Father Luyando,

to feud, carry the the hausted on vanto certainly indigenous not was Ligui, Ligui, in Loreto spoken and leaves usually the quished country and in those California, lower which in Dolores, Paz; was or Monqui,Monchi La settles in sufficient at other part a some

in Santos UchitiGuarycura Los Todos and still is, in less times, measure, and I its foes. distance therefore, from am,

and Santiago; Pericu in S. Jose del Cabo; a place of great hardship and small clined to believe that the first inhabitantsinin S. Miguel, S. or 22Cochimi Jose, Laimon their enemies, pursued entered while by uses attractions. natural Baegert Rosalia, Purisima, Santa GuadalupeLa the the side, peninsula land from north by blunt language: all their dialects north. All of them hadand safe there retreat, having a found they and

viz., locality,in Cochimi: or each Laimon

If remained out. themselves spread and It state to opinion remains conmy now S. in they people; say Jose meansTamaa traditions, light they might any had some the Californians cerning the place where in in Guadalupe, SanTamo; Tama, this subject; Calibe thrown but on no affrom, in they manner what came and inIgnacio Rosalia Tamoc. Santa Tomo; is fornian that the acquainted with events their to they the fected migration country

is in Fr. best MiguelThe Laimon by work in prior birth, to the his occurred country from occupy. have come They may nowdel catechism Fr. Barco. a Helen wrote his nor does he parents even who know localities, voluntarily either different andin Cochimi.

if lost to he should were happen have them or accident or compelled some by by

It is a little singular that Sr. Denecessity; but that people should have during his infancy.*

corme should select as illustrative migratedwill, and withoutto Californiacompulsion,of theirI amownunablefree (To be concluded) of the language of Laman the word to believe. America is very large, and NOTES

its in its (people), fifty times could very close easily support numbertamaa soil better inhabitants of on muchessentials (peo- 'am than ]Aima2Mormon3:14.8:2-7. to the Hebrew

it 9:7-21. is 3Moroni that then, California. of How, diffitheple). from The progress 8:8. *Mormon that pitched, credible should have men 6:8. 5:6: sMormoncult, the of guttural rough, sound free tents choice, their the from amidst 21:3; 2:11; Alma 30:59; 43:6; 46:28; Jac. 1:13.

Civilizations, 'P. York., Ancient Means, A. New letter of ayin to ease the t inhospitable dreariness of barren theseHebrew

F. Ruins Prehistoric 4 Sands pp. "The ff.; W. the that impossible rocks? It is notin people in the in National tamaa, speech first of1942, of a Magazine, Guatemala"Geographic

Civilizations.?4. p. 325; A. H. Verrill. Old inhabitants accident found by may have sources, fromdescended Hebrew etc. 1929, York, Vol.New the the sea other from their way across in 8Published 1773. also Mithridates,retaining the meanand the am root 91864 Rep. 393; Smithsonian Inst., p. An Account

ing intact, is readily understandPeninsula,of the AboriginalTranslationInhabitantsof Jacob Baegert'sof the Nachrichten,Californian able. farther the north 4, to Parts Charles Smith1863 Rau. Report by A little

ff.; Institution, 10, Parts sonian to 5 1864 3521 p. in the same becameword Pama DREAMS THERE MUST BE ff. Institution, 378 Smithsonian Report p.

19 Salvatierra. 1757. English Madrid. Maria 10Juanway.

of Translation 1920, Cleveland, Wilbur, Margaret E. Berry By Catherine

37. is p. as assumed, The name Laman

II, Translation English Herbert p. 50, of "Vol.

live spellings, bread various not doesseen above, by California. Bolton, of University when alone; E. Man I, 423. p. "Vol. spirit fed, be His musttransliterated the from spoken au Voyages Recueil de Nord, Vol. III. p. 279. encouragementhope, should be There 392. "Ibid., p. into lannatives of the thetongue led footsteps be His must i*Ibid., 57. p.

I, 212. lbid., Vol. p. life, in faith the abiding of addiguages In Europeans. By some

1941. Libreria Mexico, Antiqua D.F. Robredo, himself, in In and Godtion cited, to those it sometimes took 1949. of Translation Barbara Crowley, 18English

all defeats, master he That may I. 362. p. "Bancroft Native Racesthe form so "Limon."used It was shelf. the failure Browne, the Pacific Put Slope, Resources Ross on of J.

1869, pp. 5354. heart, his to feedin dreams be in must plural There Tribes form Indian The

I, 1891. York, p. Vol. Appleton & Co., New 20 share, to for Beauty him 283. the Peninsula,and Languages of love, the delight of deep sweet 307The 36, Vol. Geographic National Magazine, pp.

it is said:where 330. in prayer. solace found True

82 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ljeneatoau /"e could see hundreds of unknown ancestors waiting for the gospel ordinances...

Government Records Help in Genealogy

inheritance. sacred the king Even

the Dm Cuaene 01sen and could take not government a tax deed on a man's inheritance

By 1 925, our family had exhaustfor twenty years. Now Amund had

ed the church records of Risor, Noran Odel or Adel right to half of

Moen (fourteen "markfields.") way. Our genealogist, who visited

Risor, saw that the old church recAdel is hard to translate. It means

ords began about 1700. But we "noble fight."The real noblemen of Norway were those with inhericould see hundreds of unknown ancestors waiting for the gospel orditances. Their children were eligible

nances. This caused an uneasy, to marry into the royal family.

is buying restless feeling that drove some to In this deed, Amund the other half of Moen. For the try again.

In 1930 we asked the Genealognext three hundred years, Moen father passed to from son or daughical Society of of the Church Jesus ter. still There might farmbe we Christ to of Latterday Saints aping if Olsen Thor not had proach the government archive in taken

sick died. and There mortwas a

office Oslo. That requested $50.00 the place gage for on ever the to you governasked money buy for research, which was sent.HAVE heirs. the The out other to of Thor's help a country ment young you results gratifying. were most Mrs. gather your genealogy records? widow could not meet the debt, and

in a the Ovena }. Ockey, worker rich the I factory foreclosed have, I received owner a and photographlibrary also relative a and ours, of the ic mortgage. tattered of a calfskin copy deed translated the information for us.

is another Here paragraph in the from archive from government Let quote a few interesting pasme the deed:Norway.

to sages in show life went on how

Furthermore I have received therefor of It runs our pedigree back to nearthose early times:

ly 1460. It tells how our people Aslak Guttormsen [my sixth greatgrand-

lived five hundred years ago. It To all men who see or hear this letter father] one barrel of corn (wheat)... Beshows how the lawyers used to cut read. I... send God's and my greetings. cause of the corn which they have thereafter freely willingly and given me, wheresince that I make saintly faknown myslots in the so they deed could no-

I fore this letter with affirm ther, connow and Nikulasson, Svend long to sold ago it.tarize six It required lawyers and firm the sale In confirmation hereof.... eighth Amund Ormsson greatgrand- [my

I barrels (grain, to permitted havetwo of corn us) to subscribed father] be mark my "saintly in the presence of 14 God"for an "open letter."Markebol "markfields"of land in Moen, and asked the sworn officers (lawyers) to

their seals. situated in the valley of Paraffix Brunkeberg In find that debts paid were it we

ish Kviteseid, the where was abovenamed butter, corn,with or have you. what Each lawyer wrote on a long strip inheritance. Amund's own

The land was divided into someof hide and tied this strip to the thing like our acres, called MarAreDoesn't this sound very legal and deed. Then each person gave his

bol or "markfields."These people formal? It was written in 1591, "yes"and his hand stroke, and the

laid out landmarks much like anthree hundred sixty years ago. transaction was over.

cient Israel, and these marks were I have underlined the word inher- I am sure you will never be satissacred. It was a sin to move one of itance because these people, like anfied with your record until you have

them. cient Israel, held their land as a tried the government archives.

FEBRUARY 1951 83;

WINTER

THEin theNESTsandywas soila slightbesidedepressiona clump down,As hisdaysoleby feelingday washis hunger.parents

of tussock grass. Behind it a crammed food into his bill, the

cliff rose steeply, cutting away the young albatross grew amazingly.

blast of the fierce west gales that Nowhere along the nestcrowded blew almost unceasingly throughforeshore did any nestling grow so out the year. To west and south fast as he. Of all the nests, his

rolled for thousands of miles the alone had been raided by the thievmountainous seas of the South Ating skua. For him, his parents'loss

lantic. A few miles to the south, was gain. Every day he gulped

Horn Island, too wild for even sea down food enough for two. And

birds to nest on, rose frowning and yet, with a seemingly insatiable apTill his mother returned to the stark from the waves. petite, he screeched for more. foreshore, the young bird remained

A week before the two eggs were There came: at last a morning between her wings. Then he fell

due to hatch, a skua gull that had when the young albatross fluttered clumsily back to the nest and watched its chance since the first onto his mother's back and nestled petulantly screeched for food. She

was laid, swooped down and bore there between her wide, white paid no heed, and presently he one off; while, a few feet away, the wings. In his bright, beady eyes fluttered onto her back again, and

mother bird savagely snapped her was a look of both desire and fear. she flew seaward once more. And

great yellow bill, powerless to He was still huddled on his mother's this time, while she hovered a hunwaddle back to the nest in time to broad back when she rose, slowly dred feet above the raging water, drive off the raider. unfolded her wings, spread them, he fell—shaken from his perch by

It was blowing a hurricane on the and sailed due southward on the a sudden, determined tilt of her day that the solitary egg hatched, gale. Floating without effort on the body. Next moment, with his

but though the wind roared with wind, she flew on and on till the hitherto untried wings outspread, he unremitting fury, the nestling knew Horn was almost out of sight bealso was floating on the gale. And

no fear. A soft gray ball of fluffiest hind her. so she forsook him, and, days before

'pHE thricecaught alba-..-'tross flew angrily screaming into the snow and was lost to sight.

Days passed to weeks, and weeks to months again, and if ever the am$ albatrossthe indignitysaw thata ship,had rememberingcome to himPASSAGE & M.JI

through ships, he gave her wide berth. Sometimes, seeing him far

any other young albatross left its its leg. On it were written the away, sailors pointed him out to

nest, he became a homeless wanship's name, her position, and the their fellows, remarking on his derer of the Cape Horn sea. date; and beneath, "Please report majestic size and spotless white

Days grew into weeks, weeks to us all well."beauty.

months. Sometimes, sated with food, The mate released the hook and The albatross was three years old

fullfeathered now and grown to his dropped the albatross over the when, on an almost windless midfull size, more than twelve feet ship's stern. Screaming with rage, night, he saw through thinly falling

from wing tip to wing tip, the albabut unaware of the scrap of canvas snow a wreck that rolled and tross rested on the crags of the he was carrying, he circled away tumbled to the Horn's long surges.

Horn. More often he circled the upon the rising gale. For a week Her masts were gone, her bulwarks

sea, out of sight of land, alone, he scouted the windwhipped sea, smashed, her boats swept away. For

apart from all other birds, his beady while spray, driving in clouds, hid a time the bird hovered above the eyes downturned to the dark, its surface from him. wreck, then, since no living thing

stormy water. Then, at dawn one At last, on a day when the wind was to be seen, settled, tucked his

day, the albatross saw approaching was lulling, when his hunger had head beneath a wing, and slept.

him a shape from which three tall become so great that he flew with In the gray dawn a deckhouse sticks rose; on each tall stick a less strength in his wings, he saw door opened, and a sailor with a

white, windbellied cloud. He fell far away a long streak of black stubbled face and tired, hopeless

behind the ship, following her; and, cloud low above the water. Hasteneyes peered about the deck. Seeing

the albatross, he turned and shook his sleeping fellows, saying, low-

P mouthful or two of food for a crew of shipwrecked sailors voiced, "Food!"

tcould do preciously little towards saving their lives, even Famished sailors crowded on siif this albatross seemed a direct answer sent in response to their lent feet to the deck, For three anguished prayers—There was a better ivay.... days no food had passed their lips.

Stealthily the first approached the seeing him, a sailor tossed into the ing toward it, he saw soon a dark sleeping bird, who, waking with two hands clasped round his neck, utsea a hook baited with salt pork. shape beneath the smoke; and then

Next moment he was struggling soon a hook, baited with pork again, tered a squawk of fear.

The sailor drew his knife, but furiously and in vain, the hook was thrown to the sea from the an old seaman cried, "Hold on! caught beneath his curved upper stern of the steamer. For a few

Hold on!"mandible. minutes he hovered warily above

"The biggest albatross as ever I it: then, unable to resist, dropped to "Hold on? For what hold on?"

see!"cried the sailor who hauled the water. And once more he was questioned the other. "We're

the bird to the ship's deck. struggling furiously and in vain. starvin', man!"

Another cried, "Ain't he a beauty, "Mister mate, look here, will ye?""We ain't dead yet,"retorted

eh? White as the bloomin'snow!"called the sailor who had thrown the old fellow. "If we kills yonder

"Watch out! He'll have ye by the bait into the sea; and while albatross, there'll be a mouthful or

the leg!"cried another, as the enanother man held the infuriated two for each of us. An'killin'a

raged albatross waddled toward his bird, he took from its leg the canvas. sea bird brings evil luck, as well ye

captor. Having read the message, the capknow. There's a better way than

With a belaying pin in his uptain said to his mate, "Her name killin''im. The wreck'll float till

lifted hand, a young firstvoyage was on the list of missing ships the next gale blows up, an'that apprentice made toward the capwhen we left Valparaiso ten days won't be for a few hours maybe.

tured bird; but, snatching the pin ago. We'll report her when we get Wot good's a few mouthfuls if

from him, an old seaman shouted, in to Punta Arenas tonight."And we're goin'to drown? Let's tie a

"Lay off o'that! Don't ye know 'tis he added, "See that no one harms message to 'is leg an'turn 'im

unlucky to kill a sea bird?"that albatross, mister. He's a sailor's loose. Kill 'im, an'ye're bound to

The captain entered the chartfriend. Good luck to him!"die."

room with a small square of canvas So the mate freed the albatross So they tied a message to the in his hand. "Here, mister mate! with his own hands. And that night bird and set him free. They wrote

Tie this to that bird's leg,"he or- a cable flashed from Punta Arenas the ship's name and position, the dered, and added; "it's two months in Magellan Strait to London seven date, and last, "Wrecked and

since we've been seen by any other thousand miles away, and the sailstarving. Help."

ship, and three since we left the ing ship's name was taken from the And so the thricecaught albaport. The owner will be worrying, list of missing vessels, and bells tross flew angrily screaming into the

thinking us lost."were rung, and women whose men snow and was lost to sight. Beating

While two sailors held the albawere aboard her went to sleep drythe windless air, his eyes searching tross, the mate tied the canvas to eyed and at peace. {Continued on page 114)

FEBRUARY 1951 85 Scouts marching to religious services at the Na-—Photograph by Vernon L. Strong

tional Jamboree, held June 30 to July 6, 7950, at

Valley Forge, Pennsylvania. SCOUTING and

FROM REMARKS MADE BY ELDER MARK E. PETERSEN AT FROM REMARKS MADE BY ELDER MATTHE UNIVERSITY OF SCOUTING, L D. S. BOY SCOUT RETHEW COWLEY AT THE ANNUAL L D. S.

LATIONSHIPS SESSION, SALT LAKE AREA COUNCIL. BOY SCOUT RELATIONSHIPS SESSION OF

THE CACHE VALLEY COUNCIL their hearts, helping them to love (L-tde God and to do the things that they should do in building spirituality. Colder

eterien We expect that Latterday Saint

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE scouters will use scouting as a tool attkevu Lowleu with which to build the Latterday OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE doing Scout work you are Saint type of faith in the hearts of

INdoing Church work. It is boys. We expect that you will use

just as important Church that tool to the fullest extent and thing we must not forget, work as if you were in some other that you will think of it entirely as ONEGod is behind this work, phase of the Church program, be- a means of making these boys real and we can accomplish it if cause the work you do in scouting Latterday Saint men. And that is we put our trust in him. I think that

is work done for the salvation of the what we expect of scouting, and is the attitude we should take in souls of boys in the kingdom of that is what we expect of you with God's kingdom here on earth. It

God. I have said many times that respect to scouting. is his work. We all feel inadequate,

this Church has only one objective One of the important parables but God magnifies us; I am positive

and that is to save souls. Each part the Lord has given us is found in about that. He magnifies missionof the program of the Church has Section 101 of the Doctrine and aries who go into the world, and so,

been instituted with that thought in Covenants: brethren, it doesn't matter what you

mind. We have not brought into A certain nobleman had a spot of land, are called to do, do not take the

the Church any phase of the provery choice; and he said unto his servants: attitude it is your work; that is

vineyard, even ye upon Go unto my feel that is you this what not makesgram intended to help object—you plant of land, piece choice very and if it inadequate, as were your busisouls.save Scout has program The

olivetrees; twelve

been brought into the Church as a And set watchmen round about them, ness rather than God's. You just

part of the official program of the and build a tower, that one may overlook get convinced that it is God's work,

Church as one means of more efthe land round about, to be a watchman and you can accomplish it!

don't know what the end offectively saving the souls of our uponnot bethe brokentower, thatdownminewhenolivetreesthe enemymay We boys, building faith and character in {Continued on page 98) present world conditions is going 86 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to be. But a good Scout makes a old wreck of a car, put it in a shed ment: "... wist ye not that I must

good soldier, if need be, and a good back of the home, and when the be about my Father's business?"

Scout goes to war with the spirit boy came, after showing the lad (Luke 2:49.)

of peace in his heart, not the spirit where he was to sleep, he was Aaronic Priesthood work, young of destruction, and that is the kind shown the car and a box of tools. scouters, every part of it, should be

of army which wins. We have The man said, "This is yours."in the heart of every twelveyear-

discovered that in our history. We (Continued on page 99) old boy: the feeling that he should

have never been prepared for a be about the business of his Father war and have never lost one. We in heaven, for the simple reason that

have always fought for the preserFROM A TALK GIVEN BY ELDER at the age of twelve he receives the

L. UNIfor JOSEPH WIRTHLIN AT THE vation of our homes and not direceives priesthood of God. He

L. D. SCOUTING, OF VERSITY territory or exacquisition of more gives authority S. vine which him the SESRELATIONSHIPS BOY SCOUT

pansion of empire, and so we must SION, SALT LAKE AREA COUNCIL. right to act as the Lord's agent in

be convinced that God is with us certain functions when called upon or we wouldn't enjoy the freedom by the proper presiding authority.

liberty which the and we have. in scouting brothers When the 5ldkop

is a of course, bishop, the Now to the understand honor entrusted the fact that men, they young /Joseph oL. l/l/idkllin these

given, actually divinely hold the law goodleader—heScouthasandto be.a goodHe isScoutthe

father of the ward; he presides over OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC I think they can impress upon the

the Aaronic Priesthood; he prepares boy that when he enters into the

into to the mission go young men service laid of are hands and God, the of twelveto think like field; in best missionaries the and is his head, ordained he upon and lived yearold boy who field the are have young men who is to receiving priesthood, the he I years nearly thousand two training. Scout had that authority. divine authority No to the Savior ago. become was He bishops, interview you you Now, receive thereof is greater he can that at time world. of the And missionaries, bishop any and who of it outside of the Church Jesus of the the custom peoJewish was

ple to take a boy at the age of Christ of Latterday Saints. And

when a boy is made to feel that he twelve and give him some instruction, particularly with reference to is a servant of God, his thinking is

thoughts, the he lives, and waythe the laws of the land. When he going to be influenced toward holy the priest, for a boy, sued he CHURCH was his particularly reto the emotion examination. given and he an was

If he passed this examination with stored Church of the Lord Jesus interviews and recommends misreference to the laws of the land, Christ.

sionaries should be aware of his he was given the title "Son of the Now, this matter of scouting is responsibility to train youngsters to Law."And I venture to say this a part of the Aaronic Priesthood become good missionaries. Thereboy, the Savior of the world, had program, a definite part. I know that

fore, you should have all the boys in that experience. At this age, the the Aaronic Priesthood program

the ward in scouting. After all, we boy was supposed to be able to cannot function as it should unless

are in the business of saving souls; select his life's vocation. As did the scouting program is functioning

scouting is an organization not exthe child, he had the privilege of right along with it. And that is

celled in any way in saving souls. turning the keys to the passover in the way the Presiding Bishopric

In some homes we don't underJerusalem. The Christ and Joseph feels about it. I would like to say

the stand, of often outside but home the find that best Aaronic where we the long journey and Mary made is will there undersomeone who find best the Priesthood work, we it in that a long journey day-—was will stand, sometimes boys and go scouting Scouting, done. being up to to the feast attend Jerusalem of

to leaders bishops rather Scout and is to the based now, on work good I the passover. imagine he a was their for to than parents conown principles. divine of the Every like deal most he boys good when

I fession counsel. had and have

is scouting principle of a principle the to trip city for the the made that experience.

of restored gospel the the of Lord first time; curious. he doubt was No I in friend a Washington, had

is Christ. question There no Jesus streets the walked crooked down in of D. charge a he who was C,

it. is something Scouting about city, the into ancient of the gazed for delinquent boys. home was He

It else, teaches too, to him boy. a this, shop desired windows, deand person. an understanding One

young fellow was sent to the home sired that. But finally he stood to do practical things. It teaches

because he was always stealing before a great building. He recoghim to observe the gospel of the

automobiles. He wanted to take nized it as the temple. He went in, Lord Jesus Christ. So I say to you,

them apart; he wanted to take them and there he entered into discussion if there was ever a time in the

down and put them together again. with the great men. At the same history of this nation when its peoHe was incorrigible. His parents time, Joseph and Mary missed Jesus. ple should be taught what they need

couldn't do anything with him, and After a long search, they saw him to learn and how wonderful it is, the school couldn't handle him, and in the temple. Like most mothers, that time is today.

he was sent to this school for deMary was somewhat upset and I read a story that all boys who linquent boys. This man bought an scolded him. Jesus made this state- (Continued on page 101)

FEBRUARY 1951 87 The Gospel in

Eu

Scandinavian Mission from 1851 to 1894, when it was transferred to the British Mission, but, according to statistics, very few elders were sent into Iceland; hence, few baptisms were performed. In 1873

Magnus Bjarnason and Loftur Jonsson labored as missionaries in

Iceland, having been appointed by the presidency of the Scandinavian

Mission to labor on Westmansen.

They organized a branch with Einar

the. Islands, Scene from Westman where a branch of the Church of Jesus Christ of Eriksson as presiding elder. In

in Saints Latterday organized 7853. was

1875 Thordur Didriksson and Samuel Bjarnason filled missions in their native land. They translated

the year 1851, two men from he hoped that God would soon some of the missionary tracts into

INthe island of Iceland, Thorarinn make Iceland a fruitful field for the Icelandic language.

Haflidason and Gudmundur the promulgation of the true work

In 1879 Eyvindson John andGudmundson, 'were studying a of Christ. As he did not expect to

B. published Jacob Johnson a book,trade in Copenhagen, Denmark. have another opportunity to speak

Here they met two Latterday Saint to the Saints in Copenhagen before insimilarthe Icelandicto The Voicelanguage.of Warning,In 1882,

missionaries from Utah. They betaking his departure for Iceland, he Gisli E. Bjarnason returned to hiscame interested in the new religion bade them all a hearty farewell.

and after careful investigation asked When the Authorities of the Church native land as a missionary and for baptism. Not long afterwards were sustained at this conference, succeeded Brother Eyvindson as president of the branch.

they returned to their homeland and Elder Lorentzen was sustained as spread ideals of the new faith. presiding elder in that district. When Elder Andrew Jenson was

These two brothers resided in the Soon after Elder Lorentzen's arpresiding over the DanishNor-

Westman Islands, a small group rival on Westman Islands, he wegian Mission in 1911, he visited of birdcovered islands off the baptized those who believed, orIceland and delivered illustrated southern shore of Iceland proper. dained Gudmund Gudmundson, lectures in Reykjavik. Then for

Brother Haflidason received the Loftur Johnson (Jonsson), and several years no missionaries were gospel and felt it his duty to tell Magnus Bjarnason to the office of sent to Iceland, but in 1930 two all the people in his native land elder, and organized the new memelders, James C. Ostegar and F.

the truths of his newfound religion, bers into a branch of the Church Lynn Michelsen, labored there a but his joy was shortlived: In 1852 on June 19, 1853, with Gudmundur few months.

he was drowned. Brother GudGudmundson as president. Soon

mundson remained to carry on the after the organization of the branch Migration to Utah proselyting activities with great a few others were baptized.

vigor. During the year 1855, the few Tn 1855, the first Icelanders miTwo years later at a general conSaints on Westman Islands congrated to Utah. The leader of the

ference of the Scandinavian Mistinued to hold their cottage meetings first group was Samuel Bjarnason, sion held in Copenhagen, April 10, and live their religion to the best who had lived at Kirkjubae, a town 1853, Elder Johan P. Lorentzen, an of their ability. At this time there in the Westman Islands. With him

active elder in the Copenhagen was no religious liberty in Iceland, came his wife, Margaret Gisladottir,

Branch, spoke of the mission to in consequence of which the Saints and a young convert whose name

Iceland, where Brother Gudmund were compelled to hold their meetwas Helga Jonsdottir. Upon their

Gudmundson had remained faithful ings behind closed doors, and only arrival in Salt Lake City they were and had encouraged the believers, a few attended these private gatherdirected to Spanish Fork where a even though he was alone in that ings. Twice they were called before group of Danish converts had esfar-off island and had suffered much the police officers and forbidden tablished homes. It was the opinion

persecution. If it was the will of to preach, but the officers could of President Young that inasmuch

God, the speaker desired, accordnot hinder them from speaking to as the Danish government was then ing to the call he had received, to people in their own homes. ruling over Iceland, these two

go there to preach the gospel, and Iceland remained a part of the groups would join and live peace88 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA wish I was answer is made me That gone"were three Here pioneer woman.

to have wouldn't so they of the way lanout a different speaking pioneers longer. nursing any me about bother

gauge, bearing a nationality that It took exactly ten weeks to make the few people had ever heard of, buildvoyage from England. We were kept

ing homes under adverse circumeight days at the emigrant station andCEIAND to then Louis, for St. left by train stances, yet success followed them then spent where Bluffs we by boat, Council

throughout their lives. In the letthree weeks preparing for the journey

in a handcart company.J\ate d5. Larter ters they sent to the homeland there across the prairie

was never a word of complaint but arrival Elder his after SoonPRESIDENT, DAUGHTERS OF UTAH PIONEERS for their praise of words always girl the Helga, married Didriksson Zion, in which their home new first with the to Utah came rewho immigration. in sulted continued

fully together. Margaret and Samuel was an earnest, true teacher Iceland company. He was the

Samuel immediately left for their of the gospel. possessor of a very keen intellect

future home, but Helga remained The pioneer history of the Iceand was a skilled workman in both in Salt Lake City until later in the land colony in Utah could not be wood and iron. He had written a

same year. Soon after arriving in told without a story of Vigdis fair amount of poetry and was acSpanish Fork, Samuel Bjarnason Bjarnsdottir, also a pioneer of 1857, cepted as one of the leaders of the

homesteaded one hundred sixty who after her arrival in Utah becolony of Icelanders. He was known

acres of land. He worked diligently came the wife of William Holt. She for his hospitality, and many of the

sheltered immigrants Icelandic were in holdings acquired land and itand greataunt, was and was my could they his roof until beneathcattle. of the mother Margaret, father influence her through my

Iceland immigration, worked with came to Utah. She was a physician, establish homes for themselves.

her husband, doing her part as a midwife, nurse. She was a small In that same year, the ardent

woman, gracious, kindly, and paworker for the newfound faith, tient, but in the sickroom she was a Gudmundur Gudmundson, migrated tower of strength, with her into Utah with the family of Niels domitable faith coupled with her Garff, whom he had converted in professional skill. No night was Denmark. This fulfilled his desire

too dark, no weather too cold, for to "come to Zion."Elder Garff

her to answer the call of a mother died somewhere between Missouri who needed her. She would often and the Rockies, and Brother Gudtie her satchel on the back of the mundson, keeping a deathbed promsaddle and ride miles on horseback ise he had made his friend, Garff,

to reach her case. To my mother, married his widow and reared his

the sound of her voice was music, family, Mr. Gudmundson later

and when she entered the home, moved to Lehi where he became a fears were gone. Among her own watchmaker and goldsmith.

nationality she was the only midIn 1857, Loftur Jonsson migrated wife and doctor, and other nationalto America from Landeyjum, a ities were also helped by this kindly southern district of Iceland. His

woman. She served without pay in wife, Gudrun Haldordottir, his two

many cases, but her many friends, stepchildren, Jon Jonsson and Gudthe tender expressions of the mothrun Jonsdottir, migrated to America ers that she helped, and the place from Landeyjum. With them came

she held in the community were Magnus Bjarnason and'his wife, compensation enough to her. Thuridur Magnusdottir. Loftur

Jonsson was a skilled wood and iron Late in July 1855, Thordur worker, and in those early pioneer Didriksson left his native land and days he built one of the. largest went to Copenhagen on a sailhomes in Spanish Fork. Jon Jonsship. About August 15 the ship

son followed farming for a livelireached Copenhagen, Denmark. hood, but was called to Sanpete Four months later, on December 15,

1855, he left with many other emiCounty as a guard during the Ingrants en route to Utah on a saildian wars. He took his family with

ship. It took two weeks to reach him. Here his wife Anna, who was

an expert with the needle, knitted Liverpool, England, from which port this company of emigrants stockings which she sold to help sailed for America. with family living expenses.

Another of those settlers, Gudny

Elder Didriksson was very ill Haflidason, urged the keeping of while on the ocean. In his own records in the newlyformed colony.

words he said: From her earliest childhood she had

This replica of lighthouse 20foot Icelandic an in Fork, Spanish Utah, erected in 1938 was as a I often heard the emigrants ask if the been taught that record keeping and permanent the to commemorate monument arrival Icelander was still alive, and the usual history writing were an essentialof Icelandic permaformed the first converts, who nent Icelandic settlement in America. answer was, "It won't be long until he (Continued on following page)

FEBRUARY 1951 89 THE GOSPEL IN ICELAND (Concluded from preceding page) Among these early settlers were Eastern hemisphere. Geographicalpart of one's life. Magnus Bjarnamany skilled workmen, carpenters, ly, it is closer to the American contison was a lover of books and plasterers, painters. They were nent than to Europe, but the culture

founded the Icelandic library, which known for their love of music and of the people of Iceland is, to a played an important part in the organized an Icelandic choir which, great extent, European.

education of the people. Books through the years, sang for imporThe Vikings came to the island

were collected from all parts of the tant gatherings. Each year, on the about 870 A.D. It seems that the

world and lent to the Icelandic second of August, Iceland Day, the southeast coast had already been settlers, who in turn bought more descendants meet in celebration at settled by Christian Irishmen from books and presented them to the which time all who have Icelandic the British Isles, but the people of library. Many of these books are origin return to the site of the first Iceland are, in a vast majority, dein the library of the Daughters of colony. Here they review in history, scended from the Norsemen. Sea

Utah Pioneers. Magnus kept a song, and story the founding of this wanderers by tradition, it was these

journal which is on file in the first Icelandic settlement in Utah. sturdy Norsemen who first struck

Church Historian's office. He went The descendants of the Latterout West, reached Greenland, and

among his people, encouraging them day Saints from Iceland have been then the American continent. Erik

to lives of industry, frugality, and loyal to the faith of their fathers. the Red, and his son Leif Eriksson,

above all pleaded with them to be Many of them have served in the who made their attempt to cologood citizens of their new land. mission fields, as bishops and nize the new world in the year 1000,

Benedit Hanson, and his wife Church workers in every organizahave given their name and deeds to

Ragnhilder, who was the first Icetion. They have remembered the history.

landic woman baptized into the sacrifices and hardships endured by Iceland has often been called the

Church, were also pioneers. They their forebears in order that they first American republic. The repubbrought with them one child, a boy. might enjoy religious freedom and lic of Iceland was established in the

They tarried in Omaha to earn association of the Saints in Zion. year 930 and ended in 1262 when

means with which to complete the the Althing, or its Parliament, journey. While there the husband, A Monument passed a treaty of union with the

Benedit, died. later few days A of crown British Norway. (The 1, Monday, the August On 1938, Ragnhilder birth gave to a baby delegate to for Iceland came who of Daughters Pioneers, Utah workgirl, their After Mary. arrival in the millennium celebration of the ing in connection the with Icelandic they lived inUtah the of home it in Althing graciously 1930 gave Association, dedicated a monument President for Young years. many title of the of Parlia- "Grandmother in Spanish Fork the commemorating

During the year 1874 a company first permanent Icelandic settlement ments.") During the first hundred

of Saints migrated to Utah, and in in the United States. The monuyears of this period, the sagaage

1880 two more companies left for ment is a replica of an Icelandic 9301030, it is believed that most of

Zion to be followed in 1882 by a lighthouse with a Viking ship on the events took place which are resmall group of thirteen. top. It is twenty feet tall and rests lated in the Icelandic sagas. Early

These Icelanders established on a sevenfoot base. Thousands in the twelfth century the Icelanders

themselves in Spanish Fork where of people throughout the United began to write their native language, they built the first permanent States participated in this event and since those first manuscripts, settlement of Icelanders in Amerwhich will long be remembered by including law, songs, poetry, and ica. Other groups followed to the citizens of Spanish Fork, Utah. saga, came into being, there has been

strengthen the colony until the Iceland is one of the islands bean unbroken tradition of literature.

east bench, where most of them had tween America and Europe. OftLater the island came under the

built their humble homes, became times there are disputes as to whethcrown of Denmark. It was not until the nineteenth century, and afterknown as "Little Iceland."They er it is a part of the Western or the

were a sturdy stock; they came with a long struggle, that Iceland became

empty hands but with courageous an independent state in the Union hearts. Their first homes were mere of Denmark. This was in 1918, and

dugouts, similar to the turf huts MY HOME twentyfive years later the treaty which were common in their own By Isabella Fleming with Denmark was abrogated, and native land. It was not long, howon June 17, 1944 a republic was

ever, before each family saw a betGive me wide walls to build my house of founded.

Its climate is neither very warmter dwelling as their home. AlThe life—north shall be of love, against the

though they were a race who adoptwinds of fate; nor very cold. Its principal trades

ed American customs very rapidly, The south shall be of tolerance, that I may are fisheries, agriculture, light inthey felt it their duty to impart the The outreacheast of faith,hate; that rises clear and new dustries, and commerce. In Iceland

language and literature of their each day; no one is very wealthy, and no one

The west of hope, that dies glorious aforefathers their to descendants. is very poor. cooperatives, The way.

is stillTheir language have proved successful in so threshold feet spoken, and The beneath shall be which my a thorough study of Icelandic folkhumility; other Scandinavian countries, have

very sky roof—the sagalore and is the proudest herThe itself—infinity. developed there with the same beneGive to build me wide walls my house ofitage of their descendants. ficial results. life.

90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TO THE UNITED EFFORT OF A MILLION PEOPLEB.Y.U. Fieldhouse.J onumen t

ON Universitythe campus ofin BrighamProvo, YoungUtah, dentdous bodygrowthhasinovertaxedthe size ofthe theuniverstu- concerts.ball game; Hundredssome, throughof committeesbenefit

hugging close to the bend of sity's facilities. After World War throughout the Church have assistuniversity hill, is being constructed II, when the nation's youth reed, and thousands of men and wom-

a massive new building, symbolizing turned to campus halls, B.Y.U. en have donated hours of service.

a growing university and the beenrolment doubled, and physical To Dr. Wesley P. Lloyd, dean of

ginning of a new era in the field of education facilities became totally students and chairman of the drive, athletics. It is the fulfilment of a inadequate. was given the gigantic task of codream of decades, and a monument All B.Y.U. intercollegiate teams ordinating all the efforts. With him

to the united effort of a million peolacked adequate facilities for trainuniversity faculty members on the ple, for the building is being made ing and care. As a result, the unicentral committee have made trips

possible by the individual donations versity's football, basketball, baseto outlying areas to organize comof Latterday Saints, matched by ball, and other teams suffered a mittees and keep in touch with funds from the Church. From coast major handicap in competition with workers. The drive is not yet finto coast, from border to border, in other schools. In addition seating ished, but the goal is in sight.

the lands to the north and south and for students and fans was inadeAll indications point to the comin the islands of the sea, the Saints quate. But most important of all, pletion of at least the seats and the

are answering the call. the university lacked facilities in basketball floor in time for some of

Brigham Young University, conwhich to provide good physical eduthe conference games during 1951, ceived and established by the prophcation through classwork and exwith B.Y.U. s conferencechampion

et Brigham Young as an institution tensive intramural programs for its "Cougars"hoping to finish their for the educating of L.D.S. youth, thousands of students. The need title defense on their own home

has long needed a fieldhouse. for a physical education plant was floor.

If the pioneering educator, Karl recognized. But the work will not be finished

G. Maeser, could walk on the camThe Church offered to pay oneon the fieldhouse building for

pus today and see the building gohalf the estimated cost of the buildmany months. The plans call for

ing on and that yet to be undering and backed the university's plea offices, handball and squash courts, taken, he would say once more: to alumni, friends, and Church classrooms, and detailed training fa-

"The old man taught in a cabin, but members all over the world to ascilities and indoor practice area.

his boys have built a palace."sist in the building of a fieldhouse These will be ready in time for the

During the first twentyfive years for the students of Brigham Young 195152 school year, if funds areof the school's history, from 1875 University. The results—a diamond available.

gift to first jubilee the duringto 1900, and even the university—have

stillthirty of are years century, continuing to be When completed, the fieldhouse such been and the new will be one more physical asset tobuildings as the men's gymnasium tremendous.

on the lower campus and the womSome of the financing has come help Brigham Young University achieve the goal for which it wasen's gymnasium across University through individual gifts—largeAvenue were adequate for the physsums from some, and a dollar or destined—the training of youth of

ical education training of the stutwo from others; some has come the Church in the skills of men, with

dents. through benefits including a basket- a full knowledge of the ways of

But in recent years the tremenball benefit tour and a special footGod.

FEBRUARY 1951 91 Uncanny is the word, for it deHollister, is only about seven feet notes that which is uncomforttwo and a half inches tip to tip and ably strange. If you have ever weighs one hundred twentysix

been followed by a mountain lion, pounds. This is much smaller than

you know what I mean. Having our mountain lion, yet it takes its

for years contacted hunters, trapplace among the African lion, the pers, sheepherders, and fellow mamelephant, the buffalo, and the rhinmalogists from Patagonia to Hudoceros, as one of the most dangerous son Bay in the preparation of a life beasts in the world, which list, by history of this mammal, I have conthe way, includes, the Indian tiger cluded that this great cat is the and the American grizzly. While

most incongruous of all carnivorous we are mentioning these matters, let animals. The adventures detailed us further digress to say that even

herein illustrate how an animal with the African lion avoids the little the intrepidity to come to blows with honey badger or ratel (Mellivora a grizzly bear over a carcass may, capenis), for, when attacked, that on occasion, either bound inglosmall carnivore manages somehow riously from man or startle him with to fasten its teeth upon the underactions akin to those of a kitchen side of its antagonist! Its relative,

tomcat. our own wolverine, and the snakeMountain lion pelts shown me like weasel both manifest fiendish

from South America have sometimes fury and courage in a fight.

been almost red—there are many This is all preliminary, for we

subspecies—nevertheless, aside from started to tell you of the incongruity

its cranial variations and differing of a powerful cat, a mountain lion.

intensities of pelagecolor, the We say "powerful,"for Phineas mountain lion is the same on both Bodily told us he saw one jump a continents, and the early designanine-foot fence and take a grown tion Felis concolor of Frederick sheep out with it.

William True (1885) meant "cat The first episode is an adventure

Mysterious Mountain Lions

Dm Liande J. (l->cume4

of one color."I have recorded

overfeline—everythinga hundred namesfromfor"painter"this big related to me by John M. Pulsipher death, or nearly so. It did not make

to "panther,""red tiger"to "Ameriof Enterprise, Utah, on December any sound whatever but just ran to can tiger"—though we mammal11, 1927, as follows: get away. Its eyes were almost out

ogists admit only two, "puma"or "I was riding after my cattle and of its head with fear, and there was "cougar."That, however, by itself ran across a cougar's tracks, which a strange thing: its eyes remained

would be a chapter aside. I followed to where it had killed a wide open and staring for an hour

All of the incidents herein decalf of mine. I did not see the and a half after it was dead."

tailed relate to Felis hippolestes, the cougar at the calf, as it ran off when The second incident was related largest of all the pumas, and the it heard me coming. I followed the to me by L. E. Facer concerning

one that inhabits Utah, Montana, cougar for about a mile at a good his father, George H. Facer, forIdaho, Colorado, Wyoming, and fast lope before I saw it; and, when merly of Brigham City, Utah. He

New Mexico. Specimens run as I did, I started after it just as hard said:

high as two hundred fifty pounds as my horse could go. It was now "George H. Facer was traveling

in weight and nine feet from tip to about two hundred yards ahead of alone on horseback many years ago, tip. One Salt Lake City hunter me, and I had a most excellent ridin fact in 1868, from Willard,

seriously assured me that he had ing horse. The faster it went the Utah, to Paradise, Utah, over a

shot and skinned a mountain lion harder I rode, yelling at it as loud low, somewhat barren mountain that measured eleven feet tip to tip! as I could. pass upon which stray bands of

That is incredible, even though "I chased it in this manner for horses were grazing, when, upon

Vernon Bailey (A/. A. Fauna about two and a half miles, and by casually turning his head to the

XXV: 1 63 ) gave weight to a similar that time it was exhausted. When rear, he was horrified to see a mounreport. I got near enough, I roped it, and tain lion trailing only fifteen yards

The African leopard (Felis parwhirled and went in the opposite behind him. Since he was a lad

dus suahelica), according to N. direction until I had dragged it to of but twelve years, he scarcely

92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA out the way I had come. Evidently

it was as frightened as I at the meeting and was quick to take advantage of the small space that appeared above me."

According to Edwin M. Cox of

Orangeville, Utah, who in conversation related the incident to the writer, a man named Joseph Tatton, a hunter of considerable experience and courage, having at one time shot a deer which ran away wounded, trailed the crippled animal until he came to a place where a mountain lion had pounced upon it and dragged it away. Following the now double trail, Tatton

very soon came upon the lion. It

immediately dropped the deer carWe shall take one more advencass, sprang to a rocky ledge nearture from our rich storehouse. It by, squatted on its haunches, faced

was related to the author by David the hunter, and slowly but omiHarris, a wellknown sheep owner, nously moved its tail from side to in 1927. side, as if prepared to resist further

"In 1905 Willow Creek in southintrusion. Tatton, who had but

ern Utah,"he said, "was so densely one cartridge in his gun, did not covered by willows, which in winaccept the challenge; on the conter were matted down with snow, trary, he slowly backed away and

knew what to do in such peril; that it was impossible to cross it left the puma to its meal.

moreover, when he galloped, the with a horse except over wellWe make the query: Did that

lion galloped; when he trotted his known trails. Having a sheepherd lion know that Tatton was a man?

horse, the lion trotted; and when he there at the time, and desiring one Could it scent him? Had it had

held his mount to a walk, the lion afternoon to cross it to fetch some any experience with human beings?

walked. For two or three miles strays back, I decided to make my Would it have attacked had he

this incongruous game of tag conway through the underbrush someremained? A mammalogist searches

tinued, much to the terror of the how on my hands and knees in orfor fact, not conjecture; so let us

frightened lad. When at last he der to avoid a rather long detour. go t another episode.

came to a place where the road diIt was about forDavid Harris vided to go around a patch of oak ty yards across never was atbrush, he thought the lion intended the dense mass, tacked by a mounto take the opposite road to that and I had mantain lion—mamwhich he was traveling and would aged to crawl malogists prefer

surely intercept him at the point of about half the the correct names meeting; consequently, he was most distance when puma or cougar,

terrified. At that instant, however, suddenly to my but he once exboth he and the lurking lion caught horror I came perienced a very

sight of some mares and colts grazupon a cougar close call, as he ing idly on the hillside. The horses right in the wiltold the author

evidently saw the yellow lion at the lows before me. personally:

time, forsame they immediately It could not "In 1906, betailturned to and began run away. escape; neither is in ing what to the relief, boy'sMuch lion the I; could as and as known Orleft him and after chased fleeing the it snarled and derville Gulch,horses. lad related The the details I sniffed at me,

I southern Utah,to his folks his return; upon and surely thought chanced one day times themany story has rebeen end had my to sitting idly bepeated those by it."heard who all come. Then watching herd a

this lion playing or threatWas it at once jumped of deer whenening? after a Once night of right at at or me suddenly someshowers a on mountain ridge I least, where thought thing frightened

[ slept had under a saddle blanket, so; but instead of them, they and

I trail the found of a lion mountain striking it me, strung single outsix feet from head. this my Does went a by me trail along a The young cougargreat cat a have strange affinity inches few over friendly as a house pet.is playful and file ( Continued onfor man? head ran and my 125) page

FEBRUARY 1951 93 '"Phe reluctance of some of us to live our religion"Dr.

Madsen says, is the biggest probMadsen,The MadsenPaul,family:Dr. Madsen,left to Roger,right: andMaryLouisEdith,L., Mrs.Jr.; Dr. LOUISlem facing Utah today. seated in the foreground, David, Patricia, and John.

Louis L. Madsen, eighth

Dr.president of the Utah State

Agricultural College, has lived a good share of his adult life away from his native state; but he has

never lost touch with the simple fundamentals of full, useful living that were instilled in him as he grew up on his father's farm in Salt

Lake County. Central among these

fundamentals has been the duty of rearing a large and Godfearing family together with his wife, the former Edith Louise Gunderson.

Their seven children are Mary Edith, 16; Louis L., Jr., 13; John, 11;

Patricia, 8; David, 6; Paul, 4; and

Roger, 2.

When I interviewed President Madsen, he sketched briefly the fifteen years between his graduation in 1930 as class valedictorian and his return to the A. C. in 1945

as head of the animal husbandry department. Made an assistant in

animal nutrition at the Cornell University Agricultural Experiment

Station, he worked there from the fall of 1930 until the fall of 1934 when he was awarded his doctorposition but left nothing to be desired, mal was days Industry. The

his nuate. major in animal With

scientist's experimental wasn't environment dream the weekday in antrition minors completed he also decided tobiochemistry and physiology. Upon with ample funds and virtually unwhat we wanted. We limited laboratory facilities. come back home."graduation he was awarded a Na- I asked, "did you decide My next question was, "Nowtional Research Council fellowship "Why,"

which placed him on the staff of t6 give up all that when the offer that you've had a chance to look the Columbia University College of came in 1945 to head the Animal at Utah with the perspective acPhysicians and Surgeons for one Husbandry Department at Utah quired during your fifteen years in year as assistant in pathology. At State?"the East, what seems to you to be

this institution he carried on reThe answer came unhesitatingly. the biggest problems facing Utah

search in the pathology and bio- "Because I thought that my family today?"

chemistry of nutritional diseases. would be better off if we could President Madsen's answer was

In 1936 he became research asbring them up in a Latterday Saint deeply earnest, "The reluctance of sistant in chemistry at the Michigan community."some of us to live our religion.

State College Experiment Station, Then he hastened to add, "Don't "Every now and then,"he added, where he was assigned to research misunderstand me. I was working "I meet professional men and eduwork in animal husbandry. The with some of the finest men procators who seem to think that livfollowing year came unusual recogfessionally that I have ever encouning their religion would be a pronition. A new position, that of tered, and I was perfectly satisfied fessional handicap to them. I have

associate in animal nutrition, was with a research career. I learned to found nothing to give me that idea.

established in the Bureau of Animal love the men I associated with in my I belong to various national organiIndustry of the United States Dework. And there was plenty of opzations, and I have never found my

partment of Agriculture, and Dr. portunity for Church work, too. I Church affiliations a handicap anyMadsen was offered the post. The was president of the Greenbelt where.

new job took him to Beltsville, Branch while Elder Ezra Taft Ben- "What we need to remember is

Maryland, near the national capital. son was president of Washington tliat in the three higher institutions

Recognition and advancement came Stake. Church activity in the of Utah, we are building a recograpidly, and in 1939 he became Washington area is on as high a nized standing. We have faculty

nutritionist for the Bureau of Anilevel as I have seen anywhere. Sunmembers second to none in the na94 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

1/ Lj Jj ll <Liyktk President ofL IIIA

tion, and people are looking to Utah UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE for leadership of a type formerly offered only by eastern and far western universities. We also have here a fertile field for certain types of Dm Jrra r leibaur Arauwafd

research. In my own field of nuASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH

trition, for example, I find it very helpful to conduct my research right in the area where the problems discovering new uses for old maclubs for boys and girls. This

arise. People are coming to us now terials, developing products, making brings under college guidance the

as never before for what we have to use of wastes, creating new jobs."work of nine thousand young prosoffer."He called attention to a statement pective farmers and homemakers

After calling President Madsen's by Dean Walker to the effect that and of two thousand volunteer club attention to recent newspaper remethods of controlling insect eneleaders. Thus, the state is our

ports of a survey conducted by the mies of alfalfa seed production are campus."

United States Chamber of Comestimated to have increased the President Madsen also expressed merce which places Utah first agricultural income of Utah by a serious concern for fear the people among the states of the Union both million dollars annually, and that of the state might think of the role in the proportion of state taxes the development of smutresistant Q f the college in too narrow terms, spent for education and in the restrains of wheat has probably added "There is always a danger that sults obtained, I asked him what another million annually to the ineducation may become too narrow seemed to him to be the biggest come of farmers in northern Utah and onesided. To overcome this

problem facing education in the and southern Idaho. "Dean Walker tendency, both the federal act crestate, and what he considered to be cites estimates to the effect that ating the landgrant colleges and

the role of Utah State in meeting benefits from cereal breeding work the Utah territorial act establishing the challenge of the future. alone have probably exceeded the the state college provide for a

"The big thing,"he answered, "is cost of the entire research program broad curriculum. We are trying

to point out to the people that eduof the Utah station for its sixtyone to live up to the obligation placed cation is not an expense but an years of activity. Behind this reupon us by the Morrill Act of 1862,

investment. This must be undersearch are the scientific skills of 'to promote the liberal and practistood not only in Utah but also men trained in our laboratories and cal education of the industrial

in farms, and several this way classes in the pursuits and the nation. throughout In Utah we experimental "than repaying the college is more of life.'professions are industrialized becoming very

rapidly. Our problem is to inthe state for its costs of operation. As the interview ended, I was

crease our efficiency in the use of "But in my estimation, one of reminded of the muchquoted tribour resources and thereby create a the biggest challenges confronting ute of President James A. Garfield

better standard of living. In this Utah State is in its offthe-campus to the former president of Williams

College: "Give me a log hut with

only a simple bench, Mark Hopkins jsJignally honored with many positions of trust at on one end and I on the other, and great universities, and lately with our national you may have all the buildings, apparatus, and libraries without him."

government, Dr. Louis L. Madsen freely bears his The core and lifecenter of educatestimony, that living one's religion is no professional tion will always be found in the

handicap anywhere. On the contrary, one gains men and women who make up the

universal respect for doing so. staff of teachers and administrators.

Their standards, in the long run, will determine the standards of program the part played by research program. We have county agents those they teach, and these in turn

is fundamental, and since industry and home demonstration agents in will determine the standards of the cannot survive without a prosperous every county of the state but one. civilization they maintain. The

agriculture, agricultural research is They are carrying to the farms and eighth president of Utah State especially vital."homes of the state the new skills Agricultural College seems likely

Dr. Madsen quoted with approval in homemaking, production, and to hold a worthy place in that suc-

a statement of Dean R. HL Walker, record keeping that go to the makcession which began with J. W.

director of the Utah Agricultural ing of prosperous farms and wellSanborn and which has included

Experiment Station, in a recent managed homes. J. H. Paul, J. M. Tanner, W. J.

collegepioneer—findingpublication:new"Researchways of islife,a sponsoring"Along withthe this,worktheof collegethe 4-His Kerr,son, andJohnFranklinA. Widtsoe,S. Harris.E. G. PeterFEBRUARY 1951 95

gN TIHI JL kS g*****'ANCIENT AMERICA AND to me as not only interesting but also THE PRINCIPLES AND

THE BOOK OF MORMON useful for anyone interested in the subPRACTICE OF GENEALOGY ( Milton R. Hunter and Thomas Stuart ject it treats. I recommend its careful (2nd Edition)

Ferguson. Kolob Book Company, study."(Joseph Sudweeks, Deseret Sunday

Oakland, California. 1950. 450 pages. Antoine jR. Ivins School Union Board, Salt Lake City,

$4.00.) Of the First Council of the Seventy 147 pages. 1950. 40 cents.)

this to to going pressT)rior issue with class for published TThis was book THROBS OF HEART THE WEST the is scanned in of have and Era the Schools use but Sunday we 11. VOL". this different interesting all inand interestsampled of are to general who

B. Carter. (Compiled by Kate Daughits graphs, with in maps, thatwork numerous terested genealogy, and means

ters of Pioneers. Salt Utah Lakeillustrations, parallel all and comparisons or of the should mean members

1950. City, Utah. $2.50.)

of Itof the with the in Book discusses explains Church. Mormon and

is this valuable and welcome \ lways lxtlilxochitl various chapters twentyeight and theWorks probof many other early American materials. Peryearly publication which preserves lems that the genealogist has to meet.

haps we could best indicate the scope invaluable material that otherwise Besides, it is good lost. Into this particular volbe this content of quotingand a might book by reading.—/. A. W. section exceptional deals with ume an offew sentences those from some who

have previewed the manuscripts or the Welsh in Utah. It is interesting to THE HINGE OF FATE

proofs find in the section "Latterday Saint (Winston S. Churchill. Houghton Mif-

';'... Striking similarities appear, Schools"reference made to Mary Jane flin Co., New York. 1950. 1000 pages.

which parallel to a remarkable degree Dilworth Hammond, teacher in La- $6.00.)

the story of The Book of Mormon.... haina. Hawaii. Her work as an early- "Deginning in 1942, this book carries

The authors have skilfully added much day teacher in Salt Lake City is wellforward the story of war from the historical and doctrinal information to known, and it is interesting to learn of source material available only to such clarify the comparisons and to help the part she played in education among a person as Winston Churchill, then the reader in his search for truth. This the islanders. Of tremendous value prime minister of England. While the

makes the volume doubly precious.... also is the "Journal of Rachel Emma first part of the book carries forward

"It is difficult to understand why Woolley Simmons"included in this the same heartbreak that persisted in we, a Book of Mormon people, have volume. Married at fifteen, widowed the other three, the door of success

allowed this ancient book (the Works with ten children to support when she began slowly to open to the allies for of lxtlilxochitl), a real opportunity for was thirtyfive, Mrs. Simmons became the eventual success of the democracies

us, to slumber so long. But now we a midwife at thirtyeight. One poignover the totalitarian states.

have it, and no doubt its testimony ant bit reads, following the marriage Writing with his usual good style, will be used by gospel students for of her daughter Mary, "I did the best Mr. Churchill makes a dramatic presyears to come."for her that I could, which was not entation of the behindthe-scenes ac-

]ohn A. Widtsoe much, but our means were limited."tivities of World War II from Jan.,

Of the Council of the Twelve Her description of a train trip to Mil1942 to June 3, 1943. To this reviewer

ford would do credit to a writer and it would seem essential, in order to un- "Ancient America and The Book of certainly indicates the hardships of derstand events of the immediate past

Mormon is a timely, instructive, and railroad travel in the 1880's. and the present, to read and ponder

stimulating addition to the everin- In addition there are other sections these books of Winston Churchill.

creasing volume ofliterature in this of more than passing value and inter-—M. C. /.

field. The authors present convincing est, such as the Silk Industry in Utah,

evidence that the Works of lxtlilxoEarly Historical Events including the THE LIFE OF MAHATMA chitl add further support to the divine latter years and death of Jacob HambGANDHI origin of this American volume of lin, Pioneer Recipes, Utah's First (Louis Fischer. Harper & Brothers,

pages. 1950. York. $5.00.) 558 New features. other and It Newspaper, Book of Mormon.scripture—The of biography Gandhi, 'T'he made who This series of Heart has beThrobsis particularly gratifying to note the

accumulation of evidence for and income of the greatest significance as a careful study of the New TestaChris- believed in the he becauseterest in this for witness new of presents nonviolence, Jesus source material.—M. C. J. menttian principle

ItChrist. valuable be a would... INDIAN AGENT a most interesting life story of a littleaddition to the family library and,

(A. Printers, Neale. H. CaldCaxton his idealism force the of by man whotherefore, find should a permanent

well, 1950. Idaho. pages. 429 $5.00.) of the of the great one became menplace in every home."

thirtysix years has "Dor Mr. in Neale his Italy of addresses In world. one Ezra Benson Taft

first life is lived thing the with the said: Indians a full "Truth Gandhi the the of Council Of Twelve of the West and knows many of the to be sought for, and beauty and good-

...""In this significant new book, the various tribes among whom he has ness will then be added unto you.

authors have presented a penetrating labored. This book compiles some of On another occasion he said, "There

study of the civilization of ancient his experiences and unrolls a panorama must be consistency between one's

America."fascinating and informative. No reader thoughts, words, and actions."

Levi Edgar Young can leave the book without feeling a His life really is an inspiration, for

Of the First Council of the Seventy deepened affection and understanding its consistent dynamic drive of peace.

for these Indians of the West. The author has captured the essence

"I have had the pleasure of looking It is unfortunate that so excellent of Gandhi's life and philosophy in this over the proofs of this book. It appeals a book should lack an index. M. C. J. valuable volume.—M. C. /.

96 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Every Thursday night at 8:00 p.m. during January, Utah to enjoy the beauty and brilliance of one of

February and March, Utah Copper proudly presents the nation's outstanding symphony orchestras.

the Utah Symphony Orchestra in an hour - long This noted orchestra has done much to bring to our program on Radio Station KSL. state a richly deserved cultural attainment. The

orchestra, of course, belongs to the people. And it

These programs, under leadership of Maurice is Utah Copper's hope that additional thousands of

Abravanel, the Orchestra's celebrated director and our neighbors will hear and enjoy this renowned conductor, are designed to enable our neighbors in orchestra and its world famed guest artists.

Utah Copper cordially invites you to listen to these programs every Thursday at 8:00 p. m. on KSL.

UTAH COPPER DIVISION

Kennecott Copper Corporation

A good neighbor helping to build a better Utah

FEBRUARY 1951 97.

SCOUTING AND THE CHURCH about,thereof—builtand set thewatchmentower also,upon andthe setwallsa

ELDER MARK E. PETERSEN exchangers? For there is no need of these watchman upon the tower, and watched

(Continued from page 86) things. for my vineyard, and not have fallen

shall come to spoil and take unto themAnd while they were at variance one asleep, lest the enemy should come upon selves the fruit of my vineyard. with another they became very slothful, you?

they hearkened of the servants went and nobleman the Now, not unto the comThere are so many of the Latterof their lord. them, mandments their lord commanded as didand

and planted the olivetrees, and built a And the enemy came by night, and day Saints today who say, "Well, hedge round about, and set watchmen, and broke down the hedge; and the servants what need hath my Lord of this

the affrighted, of build arose nobleman to a tower. were andbegan then like program?"the workAnd

fled; the yet laying the destroyed they and and while were enemy And

story, their ers in the in the vineyard olivetrees. thereof, they the to say works, began broke andfoundation down

among themselves: And what need hath Now, behold, the nobleman, the lord of they become slothful, and they do

my lord of this tower? the vineyard, called upon his servants, and not do the job, and they let the

for time, is the said them, cause of saying unto consulted a long what Why! And thing slide, first thing they and the

this evil? great themselves: hath needamong my What them and is upon the enemy I know is this seeing this tower, time not of as ye even to havelord done a Ought

of peace? commanded you, and—after ye had planted comes in and breaks down the work

Might not this money be given to the the vineyard, and built the hedge round that has been done.

What need hath my Lord of this

Scout program? My Lord hath need

of the Scout program because it

is one means can whereby make we not just a few. in this real the LatterChurch boys

day Saints. We can teach them the

meaning of the Scout oath, "On my honor I will do my best to do my duty to God."That is the challenge we hold out to Scout leaders.

Scouters, we ask you to teach those boys by all that is sacred that they do their best to do their duty to God. That is why this Church

wants scouting.

We hope that you will help to stave off that turnover and keep these trained men in their jobs so that they can use their experience

Associated Press year after year and so that they can apply that experience to more

International News Service productive work, and the more productive they are the more boys they will convert. The Lord expects us

Chicago Daily News Service to be profitable servants in the vineyard. He expects us to bring forth

Chicago Tribune Press Service fruits, and he has said that the tree that does not bring forth fruit shall

New York Times Staff The Salt Lake Tribune be hewn down. Let us do all we

can to keep trained people on the

N. Y. Daily News Service know they get ALL THE NEWS job. Another great obstacle is what

because ONLY The Tribune compiles I have already mentioned, a failure

United Press to recognize the fact that scouting news from EIGHT OF THE WORLD'S is part of the Church program.

Reuters News Agency If scouting would not make better Latterday Saints, we would not have scouting in the Church.

But because scouting does make boys better Latterday Saints, we take it into the Church, and it has

TOP FLIGHT REPORTERS OF ALL THESE been adopted by the Church, and

SERVICES PRODUCE COPY FOR there is no more enthusiastic scouter anywhere than the President of the

work from scouting. Church work ukt gbrtbtme Church. You cannot divorce Church M ANOTHER REASON WHY... asand thescoutingscoutingare programidentical isso confar

it's one of America's Great Newspapers. cerned. When you are building

98 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA scouting in your boys, you are buildit is to be a savior of some man's I regret that I have never had the ing the work of God and helping to son, and that is what you are supopportunity to be a Boy Scout. I

establish the kingdom here on the posed to be. You are a common have never been close to the moveearth. judge in Israel. You are the father ment, except in contact with indiWill you use your influence so of a ward. vidual Scouts and leaders. There

that we may have a successful proThe genius of this Church is in isn't anything I can teach you about gram, a wonderful organization? the sustaining influence which the the mechanics of scouting except

One of the ways you can help most Authorities get from members; that that it is a great developer of charis to give good Boy Scout men to is the genius of it, and the weakness acter. It is a wonderful thing to

this program and not take our is the failure of the people to susknow that there is an organization skilled men to place in other phases tain those who preside over them. where we can send our elevenyear-

where they may not be nearly so We would be the greatest people in old boys—the age doesn't make any

efficient. Training is so vitally the world, and have all the blessings difference. The younger they can

if we just followed our get into a good organization, thenecessary. I feel that a Scout we need,

leader's job is a technical job. It leadership. better it is. Remember, you older

is behind this work. {Concluded on following page)requires training, education, on the The Church

part of the leader himself. If he is

not well trained, he cannot be asefficient as a man who has the 1951 "knowhow."The elevenyear-old activity is BEST SELLERSalso part of the program. You may HERE IS LITERATURE AT ITS FINEST - BOOKS THAT SHOULD BE IN

have some reservations about it. EVERY HOME LIBRARY FOR THEIR WEALTH OF INSPIRATION AND

You do not have reservations about BEAUTY.

the Aaronic Priesthood. You need At your Book Dealers—or order direct from

not have reservations about scoutBOOKCRAFT, Salt Lake ing, and you need not have reservations about the elevenyear-old ANCIENT AMERICA PROGRESS OF MAN program. If you will work with it, AND THE BOOK OF MORMON Joseph Fielding Smith

important most book,it will beautifully. R. Milton work Hunter and Athe Relief Society 1951

S. Ferguson Thomas text. Reference Theology bless you to this end, I pray God

restoration The of the new material* civiliabout the latin Jesus'name. Amen. Wonderful in ancient $**50 true these Church

zation is in described the $/foo described, ter days

Book of Mormon—givwith a significant deing undeniable proof of scription of man's continour sacred volume of 4 uing struggle for prog- 2 scriptures.

Scouting and the Church ELDER MATTHEW COWLEY (Continued page 87) from BIBLE STORIES do you mean?"the boy "What

asked. FOR YOUNG LATTERDAY SAINTS

"Why, with this auto and these Emma Marr Petersen tools you can do anything you want, TheBible bestlovedthat every andchildenlighteningshould knowstories—andofwritthe $ oo

all day long."That was the turning ten especially for L.D.S. children. An inspiringpoint in a boy's life. He invented addition to your home library. 3

some kind of gadget for brakes and became one of the head engineers HIS MANY MANSIONS BRANCHES OVERfor General Motors Company, just because someone understood him. A wellplanned,Rulon S. Howellscompact THE WALL

| Ora Pate Stewart Another young fellow came to bookthat showsof amazingwith thescopeaid,the home for delinquent boys. In of easily understood ta- $25 The original stories of $100the schoolroom he was writing all blesture andand chartsbeliefsthe ofstrucall MormonOra Stewart'slectures Book—pubof

lished in principal form. book denominations. Aover else, the desks and everywhere faith inspiring of student of re- 2 wealth For EVERY 1

ligion. subjects. ideas and couldn'tand they the cure him of

habit. They thought he was deTHE GOSPEL THE THROUGH BEFORE GOSPEL INTERPRETATIONS AMERICASfacing property. the they At THE AGES home COLUMBUS Dr. $2.25 A. Widtsoe John

R. Hunter Milton $3.00 Farnsworth $5.00 Deweygave him crayons paper, and were THE STORY OF THE QUEST GOD'S RACE COVENANTsympathetic OF BOOK MORMON and understanding, and H. James $2.00 Anderson F. O. Ursenbach Pierce $3.00 Florencehe $2.25 a prominent became commercial THE OF THEMES SUGGESTIONS FOR L.D.S. TIMES OF THE SIGNS RESTORED GOSPEL MISSIONARIESartist. a wonderful What Fielding Smith B. Sperry $1.50 Joseph opporRobertson-Harmer $1.75 Dr. Sidneytunity you have to understand boys, $1.25

and you can learn a lot from them, too.

Now, bishops, don't ever complain about responsibilities Scout in 1186 SouthBOOKCRAFTMain Salt Lake City, Utaha a ward. wonderful thing What

FEBRUARY 1951 99 ELDER MATTHEW COWLEY YOU ARE IN DEMAND Scouting and the Church

IF you are well qualified (Concluded from preceding page) men, you are the history of the comToday, more than ever, you are needed in the munity, and these Scouts are the g"business field. Attractive pay schedules prefuture. Which is more important,

vail for welltrained typists, bookkeepers, ofthe history or the future? We wrap

fice machine operators, clerical and general the flag around us and make the

SC office workers. eagle scream talking about our glorious history. Our history is safe,

ENROLL TODAY at L.D.S. Business College for beginning ond refresher courses but there is a question about the

in either day or evening school. Excellent job placement opportunities! future, and the future of the country should revolve the around Scout MATURE WOMEN

in time of national... in emergency, are to fill the essential great demand like the planets around office positions. Supplement your income family budget. movement and the

Inquire for today further information. You're given personal attention the sun, because except we become

... at counsel and as little children—as little Scouts

we cannot preserve our great American heritage and liberties that have

ing fathers and by the prophets. BUSINESS COLLEGE been vouchsafed to us by the foundThe Prophet Joseph Smith was

70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY just the age of a young Scout when he witnessed the greatest manifestaKnrexxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxYxxxxxxxTxx:sninrxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxYX"XT tion ever given to man—he was just

a boy. are boys potenAll of your N

M tial of leaders prophets, men, and H w if they don't become that, some- M Dodge Plymouth Dodge Trucks M where the blame must be placed.

H of their youth M NEW ALL NEW FACILITIES Don't think because

M they are not so important. All the

great movements in the world have * Sjcwul WlanaqsLWUinL M youngsters. from come The Savior H

M M was just a boy. Joseph, the Proph-

X et, was just a youngster. George

X H Change In Name Only Washington had as a personal aide H

M an eighteenyear-old boy named

M H Alexander Hamilton. When the

N M We Are ]ustly Proud of Our President's cabinet was going to

H Long if With the vote, alone and stood Hamilton M Chrysler H AssociationCorporation—all side, rest the the other on were M Division Dodge M usually followed Washington Ham- M

M ilton. Sometimes we think we are

M M too young, if we are in our twenties,

X M J. C. BURGESS MOTOR CO. to be in positions of responsibility.

H (Formerly—Lyman Motor Co.) In politics, for instances, some of

M 1000 SOUTH MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY PHONE 9-7655 the greatest leaders England ever

in their twenties. Fawkes had were IlI I IIITXIIXXIIIIZ I I IIIIIIXIIIIIXTtlTI I IIIT I ITTIYT TTT nineteen of a member was when

Parliament; Pitt was twentyfive add variety and food value to every meal with a /—when he was a prime minister, just

past the Boy Scout age. Do you

know the average age of the first hollywoodo&2 Council of the Twelve of this

Church? Twentynine. The averin fresh Vitamins and Minerals Keep MORE by the age of 1900 all General down to with foods Liquefier! a HOLLYWOOD Medical ApApprovedAmerican

thirties. Authorities in the petizing diets for infants, was underweight, Association We

convalescents, reducing a aged! Makes In to the turning youth. to be want

junior's carrots pleasure and to reget so old want fact, we we... thrill taste milk with and color...newdisguises

ceive and not to give. Let's not

$39.95—subject to price increase. teach boys to grow up to be receivers instead of givers. I am

Order TODAY from: talking as though we had problems.

Hollywood Liquefier Co. God is behind this work. It can't

Box 165, So. Pasadena, Calif. fail.

100 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SCOUTING AND THE CHURCH BISHOP JOSEPH L. WIRTHLIN hands, teach them to be real boys, Wirthlin said, "Don't you think you

(Continued from page 87) it would be a great accomplishment. had better ask Ken if he doesn't

achieve a merit badge in some parIt would be worth every effort that want to go back to town with you?"

ticular field probably know more you and I could put forth. There So I said, "Ken, don't you want

about that particular field than their are those in youth leadership that to go in with me this morning?"

dads. I have had that experience. think young men have too much He said, "Why should I go in

I have three friends. Two of them leisure time, particularly young men with you? All I do when I get

are Eagle Scouts. The other one who live within the limits of big home is stand around and hold my

is on his way. A while ago, I sat cities. One of my sons had his hands."That's a tragedy: A boy

out in the barnyard trying to tie a friend call on him. It was just at has to stand around and hold his

knot, and the youngest of the three that time when they were cutting hands. If there was ever a time

came up and said, "That is not the the corn for stock, and I said to when we need secure and trained way to tie that kind of knot."him, "Now, Ken, Richard is busy. hands, it is today. If this great

I said, "Well, you show me."I do not know whether he has much nation is to continue to enjoy its

He showed me how to tie the right time to carry on."freedom and to manufacture those

kind of knot. The youngsters earn He said, "What is he doing?"things which it is necessary to have,

their merit badges in various fields, I said, "Well, he is hauling the if we are to achieve our victory at and as we discuss some of these corn in from the fields in the truck."the polls of liberty in our form of

activities, I find that they really He said, "I would be glad to do government, if it comes down to know more about the real facts that."war, if it comes down to brains, yes,

than I do. And I am going to say So he stayed more than three if it comes down to brawn, and if

that if scouting did not do anything days and helped him with the corn. it comes down to being real citizens,

else than teach boys to use their When the third day came, Sister (Continued on following page)

ALL THAT I HAVE

Om fltct J4iabee s7oh>tion

Marvin was happy. His storage the angel, "The earth holds no gift your reward for the parental care

bins were full, his debts more rare."you gave him? What can he bring

paid. For the rest of his life "It will not do,"the angel spake, to you of great value, since you

there would be no cause to fear "for even these the Father made. are comfortably situated in the

what the future might bring. He Can you return what is his own? world and desire nothing?"

had a choice wife whom he loved Now go again and don't despair; Marvin thought deeply. "I rejoice

more and more each day. Their the treasure valued, surely is there."when he hails me as 'Father'and

family of boys and girls had grown When he had secured the greatlooks up to me for leadership. Alup to be noble men and women who est masterpieces of art, Marvin reways he remembers my teachings

served in the church and governturned again to the gate, only to and is kind. Respectfully he honors

ment, respected and honored among have his gift rejected. me and speaks well of me to his

men. not does companions. use He my So, the over, hunting world he

his Marvin As surveyed good lips. his as curse a Reupon name finally thinking. sat despaired andfortunes, his filled heart gratiwith for gratitude he expresses peatedly I give?"can he himasked "Whattude. nothing There he was more I parental care. things These my self. is that there the Father "Whatdesired. in heart His swelled treasure; bring they joy. This me does not already have? can Whatthanksgiving, he and wondered gift gratitude, praise, of obedience, I to his stores?"as add he And he the couldwhat give in Father

it heart; honor and and warms my there pondered, Marvin knew wasreturn.

it. is for to give son This good my the nothing Father not did which The world held no pearl more already have. is ail that he could give me thatchoice the than he one sought and I add to have. already would what Finally to the gate Marvin went atpresented the "It gate. Father's

I though sons have and And many said to angel, holy the and "Whatis a gift of gratitude,"the said to he is gift daughters, just each such is this thing unprofitable the Father there.angel the angel But answered, precious."as

is to hath done There make man? use this? hath the of Father"What

Hath he not pearls surpassing any nothing for man to give in return."The light gleamed more brilliantthat you shall ever see? Go again "Ah,"said the angel, "you seek ly about the angel, and before he

and bring some other thing."as one seeking wisdom. Listen, and and the gate faded into the sky, he

Marvin found the largest and thou shalt hear. Why have you said softly, "Go thou and do likemost perfect diamond and said to labored for your son? What is wise.

FEBRUARY 1951 101 Scouting and the Church

BISHOP JOSEPH L. WIRTHLIN

(Continued from preceding page) ** *'- **** The dramatic story then it all lies in the training we give our boys because if scouting does not do anything more than teach of andthesegiveboysthemhow theto usedesiretheirto handslearn,

I want to tell you that it achieves greatly. >*#***** There is a time when boys must ** play and have recreation. And if

that recreation is supervised recreation, for I find that few of our boys connected with scouting have enjoyed the recreation that is wrong, they will not be out on the street corners at nights to have their cigarets or do something they should not do. So scouting is the play program of the Aaronic Priesthood. HUM

And I want to say that we need

For years United States Steel has been conductsupervised recreation, recreation ing the most exhaustive search in history for new that builds up instead of that type ". sources of iron ore to supplement the dwindling ore

that tears down. Scouting is that reserves of this country. U. S. Steel field forces have examined iron ore deposits in widely separated regions all over the world; they source, the proper kind of superhave cut trails through dense jungles, hiked through vast territories that were vised recreation. It is our responsipractically unexplored and sparsely settled. Millions of dollars have been bility to see that scouting becomes

invested in this exploration program. a part of the Aaronic Priesthood.

The climax of this far flung and expensive search of U. S. Steel was the disThe president of the Aaronic Priestcovery of a large mountain of iron ore in Venezuela called Cerro Bolivar. The hood, the bishop of the ward,

Cerro Bolivar ore is in greater quantity than all the ore which the famous Hullshould be just as interested and

Rust mine in the Mesabi Range has produced, or will produce in the future, and of concerned about his local Scout orhigher quality. ganization as he is about the ward

Cerro Bolivar will go down in history as one of the most important discoveries Aaronic Priesthood committee. We

of this century and will exert a profound influence on the American steel should teach that the scouting work industry. Its discovery is a dramatic and magnificent tribute to the resourcefuland the Aaronic Priesthood work

ness and responsibility of our American way of getting things done... and in are correlated. They go hand in

particular to the industrial family that serves the nation—United States Steel. hand. We find that these two fine

activities make truly a great project for the boys in the ward. There is

UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION no question that the project needs to be financed. A bishop of the SUBSIDIARIES ward who has worked out his

STATES STEEL budgetenough budgetof the asyearwellshouldas fine havefactors, a certain amount of money to help start a troop when he can.

An almost indispensable book Thattoo, asis wellpart asof thathis responsibility,of the Scout for every L. D- S. Home Library committee. And as I said a moment

ago, we should select the right kind of Scout leadership, Latterday

Saints. I hope there is not a bishop GOSPEL STANDARDS who has one of these boy specialists

By President Heber J. Grant who is making a success out of his

work that plans to take that man

Every Church home will find that this volume speaks with and make him a part of the Sunday inspired forcefulness and understandable wisdom. With full School superintendency or give him

4-page portrait. some other position and take him

At your bookstore—$2.25 away from the boys. His field is

(Concluded on page 104) 102 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Better buildings with Buehnercrete products..... through continuing Buehner research

X HERE'S a new trend in school and church construction these days: architects, faced with

the need for economizing, have turned to new building materials that not only save money, but do a better job and look more attractive than many traditional materials. BUEHNERCRETE HONETEX, shown as wainscot in the picture above, is a

good example. This new smoothsurface masonry unit was originally

designed to protect youngsters who might run against walls in rooms, hallways, and gymnasiums of churches and schools. It had to be

attractive, yet more economical than glazed surface materials conventionally used for these wainscot and wall surfaces. Buehnercrete Honetex blocks met all these requirements, and also absorbed

the sounds of exuberant young voices.

Honetex is just one example of the continuing research and"product improvement that have made Buehner preeminent in concrete products for the past halfcentury.

THE Ujuehner Companies OTTO BUEHNER CO. BUEHNER BLOCK CO.

Architectural Cast Stone for More Than 30 Styles in

Facings and Ornamental Details Concrete Masonry Units

B40 Wilmington Avenue 2800 South West Temple

FEBRUARY 1951 103 SCOUTING AND THE CHURCH

BISHOP JOSEPH L. WIRTHLIN and hearts of these boys as a

(Concluded from page 102) servant, as a motto, the motto of in the boy's field. And where you the twelveyear-old boy of Nazafind a man of that kind, you always reth when he said,... "wist ye not

find the boys. that I must be about my Father's

In the Aaronic Priesthood work business?"I humbly pray that this

and in the other part of the scouting will be the desire and the achieveprogram of the Church, let us see ment of these Latterday Saint boys, whether we can build in the minds in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

ANSCO'S HOME QC PHOTO *'JDEVELOPING OUTFIT NO. 2 <j7/,

Everything you need to print your pictures at home. Set own includes: LAnlnulted (Events

Printer Safelight * * 1 k Trays Film Clips * RICHARD L. EVANS

rf Stirring Rod Thermometer X Graduate [o man ever lived his life exactly as he planned it. There

Paper * * N< are things all of us want that we don't get. There are Fixer * * PrintingDeveloperMask

"A"Complete Instructions plans all of us make that never move beyond the hopes in

MAIL ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY our hearts. There are reverses which upset our fondest

Mailed anywhere in the dreams. Unforeseen events are always in the offing. CountWest postage free. less people who have had their careers carefully planned

PHOTO havestance.seenAccidents,them sweptsickness,aside misfortuneby a singlein suddenmoney matters,circum-

y MATERIALS CO. the loss of loved ones, the faithlessness of friends, the

17 West So Temple Ph.3-1404 tragedies of a troubled world, the missing of time and tide,

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. S and many other untoward events can, in a moment, take

:% from any of us the plans and pleasures and purposes we

have long pursued. And when events take a turn we

haven't anticipated, and upset our plans and purposes, we

Your Every Musical Need sometimes give way to hopelessness or to fatalistic fear or life, bitter give rebelagainst way to rebellion—rebellion Promptly and Courteously

lion inability to against to control it according our our own I

Filled at ideas. And often we rail against facts that cannot be refuted, and bruise our heads and our hearts in fighting irrealities. accident, unlookedfor some But when

enter event does in, there is no BEESIEY'S revocableor some uninvited peace %

MASON & HAMLIN or purpose in letting rebellion rankle within us. There are

The Stradivari of Pianos many things in life beyond the present power of anyone to alter or to answer or to understand. And what we

KNABE cannot understand we shall have to accept on faith—until

The Piano of the % we do understand. And in any case, rebellion isn't the

Metropolitan Opera % answer. But neither is hopeless resignation. Resignation

EVERETT may retreat too far. But somewhere between bitter reThe finest toned, medium bellion and beaten resignation there is an effective fightpriced spinet pianos built ing ground where a man can make the most of whatever is;

where he can still face each day and do with it whatever CABLE -NELSEN can be done And when life rides roughly over our bestBeautiful spinet pianos in laid plans, the way to personal peace, to faith and effectivethe low priced field ness, to accomplishment and reconciliation, is to change $- what should be changed, if we can, and to make the most

Band Instruments % of whatever is, when we can't for the moment change the

Sheet Music facts we face.

and Everything Musical I -a>- % % -Jhe Spokt>l?en WoJ"Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

BROADRSL AND THE COLUMBIA 3, I950 BEESLEY MUSIC CO. % PRESENTEDCASTINGOVERSYSTEM. DECEMBER

70 South Main Salt Lake City 1 % Copyright, King Features Phone 4-6518 %

UTAH'S PIONEER MUSIC HOUSE

104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA New "RPIVT developed by Atomic Research

DOUBLES THE LIFE OF AUTO ENGINES!

... in the toughest test a motor gets!

TIME BETWEEN OVERHAULS

\VITH NEW "RPM"5Li

4 Zj SmJ.-,7

\VITH CONVENTIONAL OIIS* T rW j/ z Atomic tool! Our scientists equipped A Geiger counter instantly detect- A New "RPM"was developed so

test cars with piston rings treated at ed the rate at which metal wore away superior that, compared with conthe Atomic Energy Commission's from these atomically treated rings ventional oils,* it doubles the life of

Oak Ridge Plant—for the first time,—under different circumstances, and average automobile engines between

they measured wear as it happened! with different oils! major overhauls due to lubrication.

Greatest protection you've ever had!

New"RPM"is sold with a moneyback guarantee of satisfaction.

Compared with conventional oils,* it doubles the life of average engines between major overhauls due to lubrication. In the

toughest test a motor gets—stopand-go driving—New "RPM"

cuts in half the wearrate of such critical engine parts as piston rings and cylinder walls... doubles protection against gummy

carbon, acid, corrosion, rust and varnish... maintains lowoil-consumption life of average engines twice as long. Try it

in your car today.

*"Premium Type"oils as designated by the American letroleum Institute.

CHEVRON

GAS STATION We take better care of your car

FEBRUARY 1951 105 W\ Meieaiz9(

each member of the presidency and

PURPOSES OF PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS his wife. You can visualize the

outcome of this meeting; leadership

is given oriented, an underwives Theprovidequorumsorganizationsof the priesthoodthrough trainingship. program for quorum leaderresponsibility, of family standing

which the purposes of the Lord, "Our training program is carried and a unity of purpose is estabwith respect to the priesthood, may on in two phases. The first phase lished.

be more completely accomplished. is related to the quorum presidency "The second phase of our trainObjectively, the quorum has two and their wives. Our stake ing is related to the priesthood conchief purposes: Melchizedek Priesthood committee ference held the night prior to the

1. To help every individual memmeets this group, preferably in ward conference. Following a genber of the quorum and his family someone's home, where all coneral opening exercise, all Melattain a condition of thorough wellcerned are briefed on the imchizedek officers and members go

being in body, mind, and spirit. portance, scope, and broad duties into a formal training session, while

Every need of a man holding the of the presidency. The importance at the same time the Aaronic Priestpriesthood should be the concern of the wives and of their supporting hood members and advisers go into

of the quorum to which he belongs influence is stressed. Statements a separate training session.

2. To help the Church itself in and questions are then invited from "The accompanying graphic outthe accomplishment of the divine

duties imposed upon it by training and developing quorum members to perform understand and the work JhsL QUORUMS PLACE Z CHURCH in which the is engaged Church

This means that in all quorum activities of the priesthood a quorum threefold STAKE PRESIDENCY the keep must in mind duty resting upon the Church, namely: ( a ) To keep the members of the

Church in the way of their full STAKE HIGH COUNCIL duty ( b ) To teach the gospel to those who have not heard it or accepted it STAKE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE (c) To provide for the dead, Chairman: Member of Stake Presidency

through the ordinances of the temMembers: Three or More Stake High Councilmen

ple, the means by which the dead, if obedient, may participate in the blessings that are enjoyed by those who have merited citizenship in the kingdom of God QUORUM PRESIDENCY

A priesthood quorum, to magnify its opportunities and to justify its existence, must develop its members QUORUMS OF QUORUM OF QUORUMS OF for greater fitness to aid in these ELDERS HIGH PRIESTS SEVENTY three great divisions of Church activity. EACH WARD

A QUORUM To magnify its work in the priestOR A GROUP GROUPS IN WARDS GROUPS IN WARDS hood and assist its members to carry on their responsibilities, the San Aim and Purpose:

Fernando (California) Stake is TO PREPARE MEN FOR CELESTIAL EXALTATION working out a program which is its Application of Gospel and Knowledge proving successful. very A

to the Service Church brief outline is their of program shown of Welfare Members Quorum in letter the following from them: Intellectual Temporal——Spiritual

"The stake Melchizedek PriestActivities to Meet Individual and Family Needs hood committee of the San Fernando Faith—Fun—Fellowship

Stake has developed an effective 106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lines are used as the basis for the period, during which the skills inMelchizedek training. The one volved in group handling and indichart, a copy of one portion of the vidual treatment are thoroughly

chart already in the priesthood mancovered, in response to actual case NOLIQUOR- ual, is combined with the aim and problems posed by members in the purpose as a means for providing a audience.

setting instructions for more specific charts of these are "Both drawn TOBACCOin leadership. This chart is exin large poster cardboard color on

plained and the message presented sheets so that the chart references in about eight minutes. Another and discussions are controlled from

the presents chartmember then front rather allowing than up them Louumnshowing at in their to buried books. Work.''The Quorum become

This is a new chart, developed by "The result of this training has our committee to demonstrate the been most satisfying. The quorum

inner workings of the quorum, presidencies show an intelligent Lsonducted bu showing complete organization and grasp of their assignment and are responsibility of the committee. This already beginning to demonstrate /joiepk *jr. em

the priestfrom inmaterial is drawn their handimprovement marked hood handbook and organized so ling of committees and individual that relationships and functions can quorum members. We have been

be seen at a glance. About fifteen able to achieve a better insight into

minutes is devoted to this presentathe relationships involved in quoBEER AND MEN IN UNIFORMtion. The next fifteen minutes is derum leadership since these visual

voted to a question and answer aids came into use."Tt was during the summer military

campaign that the news came from

Korea that canned beer was being served to our boys in uniform to reof the water. To THE QUORUM AT WORK placeinfectiousdrinkingdangerswater, because of the

those who believe that the use of

Purpose: Knowledge - Service alcoholic beverages is better avoided,

this news was disturbing. Why could

Welfare - Activities not fruit or vegetable juices, root beer, or other soft drinks be served to these boys instead of beer? Most of these

QUORUM PRESIDENCY cost less or no more than beer does.

1. Weekly Agenda Meetings WARD GROUP The answer is easy. The brewing

2. Quorum Standing Committees LEADERS AND industry and its friends are so power-

3. Quorum Meetings COMMITTEE REP. ful and rich that they dominated the

in the Clipsheet 4. Records and Reports situation. A writer

said if anyone thinks we take any pleasure in needling the armed forces

STANDING COMMITTEES moreof thewrong.United States, he cannot be

We honor them for what they have done and for what they are doing to protect this country and the cause of freedom for all mankind. We have

PERSONAL ACTIVITY AND FACT FINDING many personal friends among responWELFARE CHURCH SERVICE AND STATISTICAL sible men of the army, navy, marine corps, and air force, but "faithful are

Quorum President 1st Counselor 2nd Counselor the reproaches of a friend,"and we and Members and Members and Members feel that these men should face up squarely to the realism involved in the matter of alcoholic beverages and men 1. Missionary Work 1. Socials 1. Welfare Information

in uniform.

2. Visitations 2. Publicity 2. Statistical Surveys

Sick 3. Transportation 3. Greetings 1. The armed forces draw from the

Encouragement the country of a abstaining homes 4. 4. Cultural Opportunities Temple Work Welfare

offiof disproportionate both number 5. 5. Servicemen Teaching Ward Employment

Information enlisted for the volunteers cers and 6. Notices and Reception Housing

6. Miscellaneous material are superb ranks. These men 7. Church Ordinances Church Welfare Assignments fact that demonstrated on have and 8. Instruction

6. Rehabilitation

the fighting fronts in both world wars 7. Correspondence

and in Korea.

2. There is an unfortunate environCommittee Work Clears through Quorum Presidency

these to mental pressure upon men

Subject to the Approval of the Quorum drink intoxicants, of is a matter and it {Continued on page 110) FEBRUARY 1951 107 Youth Speaks

My Courtship Must Be Beautiful

Selection and Qualifications of Advisers to Adult Members,rpHE group adviser is the key man in the ward organization for adult members *"of the Aaronic Priesthood. Great care should be taken in his selection.

The success of the program in the ward depends largely upon this man. If

little thought is given in his selection and if he is improperly instructed and trained, there can be little hope for desired results.

The first qualification for an adviser is that he be a thorough Latterday

Saint. He must know and live the gospel. His greatest teaching will be by example. There is great power in the silent appeal, "Do as I do."

A group adviser cannot possibly succeed unless he has or develops a sincere love for people. He must like to be with them. He must suffer with

them in their sorrows and thrill with them when they succeed. He must place

the inner joy that comes in seeing those with whom he works made happy, above the satisfaction of outward praise and commendation for his work.

A group adviser must be able to radiate enthusiasm. He must bubble

over with it in all of his contacts. Enthusiasm is very contagious and is one

of the great forces of selling or conversion. A salesman without enthusiasm

PATSY POLLARD is likely to write few orders. An adviser who cannot develop enthusiasm for

his message in the presence of the adult member of the Aaronic Priesthood ( Excerpts from an address by Patsy cannot hope to touch his heart.

Pollard during a recent quarterly conEven with the abovementioned qualities a group adviser may fail if he ference of the South Ogden (Utah) lacks tact. He must be a master of diplomacy. He must say the right thing

Stake, Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richat the right time. He must refrain from saying the right thing at the wrong

ards represented the General Authoritime. Many adult members of the Aaronic Priesthood trace their inactivity

ties of the Church in the conference.) to the undiplomatic statement or action of some leader.

An adviser will be ineffective unless properly instructed and trained as

T hereperson'sare threelife—hismain birth,eventshisin everymartoits responsibilitiescontents thoroughly.and procedures.He should Hehaveshouldthe rollhavebooktheandHandbookuse it. Heand shouldknow

riage, and his death. Of these three, avail himself of and use the manuals in his work. He should seek and be

the only one he has direct control over given competent assistants. He should support enthusiastically and prayeris his marriage. fully the bishopric in every phase of this work.

Marriage as real Latterday Saints Bishops, choose your group adviser prayerfully and wisely. Consider the

know it is temple marriage, where a name of every man in your ward. "Just anyone"will not do. A group adviser

young man and a young woman are must be a man who really lives the gospel; who loves his fellow men sincerely;

time for wife and as husband sealed patient, and considerate; who understanding, enthusiastic, energetic, is the who of the all eternity power by and inconfidences; a man of and can keep instils confidence tactful; is very who

Holy Priesthood. itiative, but humble and teachable, willing to avail himself of and follow the proendures marriage temple Since forgram of the Church for the adult members of the Aaronic Priesthood. exercised care should be great ever,

during courtship in the choosing of a companion. What the future has in conduct on the part of an individual

store for us depends on what we have THINK IT OVER goalthat doesof eternalnot advancelife is nothimonlytowardwastedthe for the future. in store

Preparation for marriage is a lifelong Too often, there is one essenenergy but actually becomes the basis process. It must be planned for, lived tial difference betw een boys and of sin.

of our captains the for, indeed are and their leaders--boys grow. for, prayed for, sacrificed We

live is the "It—L. A. P. souls. world to easy in living cannot suffered for. Our even

be very purposeful if we just glide into after the world's opinions; it is easy in

marriage without thoughtful preparasolitude to live after our own; but the

tion. finding a companion. We should begreat person is he who in the midst of

The contemplation of celestial life cause we know that it is from among the crowd keeps with perfect sweetshould make us speak and think more our associates that we will choose our ness the independence of solitude."

sublimely and magnificently. companion. (Emerson.)

We cannot expect to pick luscious, The safest place for this companionEvery day is the road to perfecbeautiful fruit from a tree whose roots ship to be fostered is where parents tion. The most virtuous woman is she

were poorly developed. When young and the Church have a guiding hand. who has behind her present virtue the

people carelessly select their friends at We should choose the socials we strength of a whole life full of virtuous random, there may arise social conseparticipate in "with an eye single to thoughts and deeds. No force is so

quences which impair future happiness. the glory of God."great in any girl as the storedup power

Why should we go with anyone we A spiritual interpretation should be of what she has been doing every day.

would never marry? placed on all that we do. We should take time to be holy.

Most young people do not start by Courtship is a period when strength To have strength to overcome tempassociating with the opposite sex in the of character is proved. Let's be virtutation is godlike. The strong, the virtuearly stages with the definite idea of ous and clean in our courtship. Any ous, and the true of every generation

108 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA / repaired buni cU.ee -Xr. fair.mer

Aaronic Priesthood Leaders Aaronic Priesthood

An Address to Ward Teaching Supervisors General Secretary and Adult New Handbooks Not

Following is the complete address Adviser to Meet With Yet Available a delivered during Vaughn,by Mac Priesthood Aaronic a new While quarterly conferencerecent of the Ward Welfare Committee is being prepared, Handbook subject assigned Stake. TheKanab it is neither distribution, for ready not yet is approved and by recommended, Teaching Canwas: Ward "How IT it time. quite for will ready some be welfare commitgeneral Church the BishopTheir Assist BestSupervisors stake In the and meantime, ward the of secretary general tee, the that the to Qualityric Improve Ward of using should continue leaders handthe committee Priesthood Aaronic ward in bringpleasure takeTeaching?"We 1950."1, January "Reprinted book, the adviser senior on ward the and to your address this remarkableing will rethe major be change The the of adult for members committee its in sugrecommendingattention and formerly of designated the arranging the invited by Priesthood be Aaronic adoption.gestions your for to beleadership meeting youth ward of the the meetings to attend bishop

Brethren, I have but nine points to ward welfare committee when matcome the monthly meeting of the establish: ters relating to participation of the ward Aaronic Priesthood committee.

1. When you take over the job of Aaronic Priesthood and of the adult

ward teacher supervisor, take it over members of the Aaronic Priesthood in bishop indicates his desire to have so completely that only in the event of the welfare program are to be given them in attendance.

a special problem is it any worry to consideration. The purpose of this recommendation

the bishopric. These persons are not to be conis to provide the bishopric with a di-

2. WORK. sidered as members of the ward welrect contact with these leaders in car-

3. Have faith that the work you fare committee but are to hold rying out the welfare program as may

are doing is beneficial to the people of themselves in readiness to attend the call for the participation of the groups the ward. Have faith in your ward meetings of the committee when the they will represent.

teachers. Have faith in your own

ability to accomplish this work.

4. WORK. 5. Be converted. Do not attempt to Welfare Program Attracts Adult Members Aaronic Priesthood

supervise ward teaching unless you are fully converted to it and its benefits to The Church welfare program became ber, speaking of the project, said, "We you, to the bishopric, and to the ward an effective introduction to other did not know the job couldn't be done, it."members. Church work to the adult members of so we just went ahead and did

6. WORK. the Aaronic Priesthood in the Ogden Their success was celebrated in a

7. Organize, Organize your ward Twentyeighth Ward, South Ogden banquet attended by more than ninety

teachers so completely that the job Stake, during the past year or more. persons, including the bishopric, the

does not fall entirely on your shoulders A welfare assignment to produce two ward committee, adult members, and or on any other individual's shoulders. thousand pounds of squash resulted in their wives.

8. WORK. such cooperative effort on the part of But the most abundant harvest was

9. Follow the admonition of the the adult members as to produce 9300 not in squash. The real harvest came

Savior and pray unceasingly, for herepounds, with 3200 pounds turned over when several of the adult members in is our only communication with the to the welfare program and the prowere advanced in the priesthood and into going surplus the ceeds from direct canone Supreme Power who their several of took fam- a when them fund. group perfectly.this work ilies the to receive to blessthe temple remarkproject the more was The I if brethren, a to add Now, all ings their to such which and men past in the projects since able squash point,tenth be it would were—WORK. faiththeir entitled families are through unsuccessful bein the area been had

cause of pests. One committee memfulness.

have lived pure, clean lives, not because their emotions were less impelling nor because their temptations were fewer but because their will to so live was greater.

We should begin today to so order our lives that we will be found worthy at the proper time to go to the house WardOgdencommitteeTwentyeighthfor adult of the Lord and be uplifted by the members of the Aaronic temple ceremony which, as has been Priesthood,Stake. South Ogden

said, "contributes to covenants of Front row: Howard L.

morality, the consecration of ourselves Robinson,Harris andsecretary;Peter Grondell,Leo A.

to high ideals, devotion to truth, patriadvisers.

otism to nation, and allegiance to Lambert,Standing:chairman;JosephGeraldH.

God."H. Oliverson, assistant.

FEBRUARY 1951

F-. f-J <-,',%

NoLiquor-Tobacco

( Continued from page 1 07 MINER profound concern to their relatives and friends. The environmental pressure Am should be for abstinence, not for an

:s'. unfortunate custom which is contributMIKE sms. Ap* ing so heavily to the problems of

American economy and society.

3. It solely 3.2 is not of a question "Utah's mines and smelters pay their

is beer, mischievous bewhich enough just share of the tax load, making it cause it is the "beginner's drink,"much easier for the rest of us. Our present populaleading to a custom which may

tion, without a mining and smelting industry to help eventuate in alcoholism. A W.A.C.

with taxes, would have to provide an additional at Fort Meade has just been raped by $54.00 per family per year in order to maintain pres- a companion with whom she had been

drinking lives in an N.C.O. club. The

ent standards of government service."'perhaps endangered of fliers were and

in some cases lost, during the recent

UTAH MINING ASSOCIATION war,4. Theflyingbrewerswhiskeyhaveto boastedofficers'openlyclubs.

and repeatedly that the policy of the armed forces in permitting the use of greatly has in uniform beer by men IF HEARING AID increased drinkers. the number of beer

one advertising group Teachings of As man told a MAKES YOU The beer wholesalers: "Uncle of assembled

has been your salesman, and the Sam SELF CONSCIOUS a Great Man had."ever best you

5. At least ten percent, and possibly

more, of the admissions to veterans'administration facilities are made on a Gospel diagnosis of alchoholism.

6. When a man begins to drink

alcoholic beverages, an inexorable probability becomes an appalling fact; Standards that is, there is a onein-sixteen

probability (a most conservative estiBy Heber J. Grant mate) that the neophyte drinker will

become an addict; and there is a onein-flfty probability (again a conservative estimate) that he will become an

"I tell you it is the duty of the Presialcoholic. The United States governto people afford cooperate with to ask the of this Church dency cannot ment DO AS I DID! to that the in setting into do anything and everything the brewers motion these

inamazing ACOUSTICON'S TO tells new to inspiration of do."probabilities. them of God Thousands men whoThanks

I yet vention, abhear wear now into did drink not they went when ear! in tosolutely Yes, thanks myperfectly, NOTHING I all to mistakes want make "Now tiny receiver that hides disc skinAcousticon's the forces hospitalized are today armed

in side the of But mercy. once a on ear, socalled any not wear needbehind my or anxiety to their of constant source a earpieces,"invisible"heador no "phantom"I I just justice to get while see a want

I advertise don't kind! pressure of any they the habit no ofband, loved because ones

little bit the peoof chance a among deafness!my in service. while contracted

ple."SEND FREE INFORMATION FOR 7. The armed services have a "hardyourself, without cost or obligation, thatProve to

oldfashioned, can throw your awayyou reputation. is greatly drinking"is This persons, of Lord "The no respecter

alsoearpiece yet or tube, headband, your unsightlyHEAR. will give to all their disadvantage. success brilliance work to a clarity, comfort armed andwith who you.. The never and

again!expected to enjoy Send for FREE PROOF

feel selfconscious again needthat you never about for it. If I can only impress upon the forces could render a great service to

deafness. Write ACOUSTICON,

Street,6 West 49th New York 20,atN.RadioY. City, minds of the youth of Zion the elothe men by definitely aligning authority

quence, the inexpressible eloquence of with the practice of abstinence from

At ACOUSTICON, I shall feel fully repaid."alcoholic beverages, which are re- 6 West 49th St., NewRadioYorkCity,20,Dept.N. Y. M249 I work,

the for of sponsible misconduct most Please send illustrated complete'informame I typical excerpts are These from one tion about inyour marvelous new at servicemen and of home a few vention that requires in nothing ear and myhearing I reto significant the of most be books headband. no abroad.

I in fullpage years. leased With many

, Name great firmly that believe the We I in full colors cut photograph and Address, officers enlisted of of majority and men jacket. the I bust on City.State.. fiction feadeprecate of kind the and J ture writing which pictures them as

The Story of a Woman drunken, obscene, and debased. After

who was caught At Your the terrible incidents in San Francisco of navy men Day a group V-J protestingly to the papers: In the Gospel Net Book Dealers *275 wroteon "The

By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE navy is not like that!"Of course it is

At Book Stores—$1.75 ( Continued on page 112)

110 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the Deseret News now presents ALL THREE major wire services:

UNITED PRESS (world's largest news agency)

ASSOCIATED PRESS INTERNATIONAL NEWS SE

as well as two great world -wire photo sources:

ASSOCIATED PRESS WIREPHOTO ACME 1 11 I PHOTO (exclusive with the "News"in the Mountain area)

This means that the DESERET NEWS GIVES YOU MORE NEWS—BY WORD AND PICTURE—THAN ANY

NEWSPAPER IN THE MOUNTAIN WEST

.. and this means that

YOU, AS A DESERET NEWS READER, GET THE

TOP VALUE FOR YOUR NEWSPAPER DOLLAR

FEBRUARY 1951 NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO {Continued from page 1 10) They are such pitiful people. Anynot like that, and it is time to let the one with a heart in him couldn't supcountry know that it is not like that. port this beer racket if he once realized

and this goes for other branches of the consequences.

the service also. In military operations there must

Sometimes we wish that the people often be quick mathematical calculawho are cooperating with the beer tions, as in artillery fire. Alcohol

industry to make drinkers of abstainers slows the speed of such calculations.

in the armed forces could walk down Marching endurance is decreased;

the line in veterans'hospitals and see army discipline unfavorably affected;

the alcoholics who were made by this shooting capacity lowered (experisame folly during the recent war. ments of Bengt Boy, Kraepelin, and

-C'>(-'-<-'-''Jroblem5—ayid /KeptenLance

RICHARD L. EVANS

for popular repentance. been has seldom to appeal Tt

4 of the prophets persecuted been past have and The imprisoned, banished and burned for calling people to rebecause when a person proclaims the pentance—perhaps

principle of repentance, he is presumed to be passing judgment upon other people, and perhaps because people don't like to be reminded of what they have done that they shouldn't or of what they should have done that they haven't. (We don't like to be reminded of our failings and faults.) And so, historically, it has been com-:4

Bound Volumes of mon custom to resent pleas for repentance. But repentis a basic principle of existence, and always will be the ERA make valuance

so long as people are not perfect. Now this world has

able reference books. grave worries. We have grave worries. There is no

point in minimizing the seriousness of the situation. And

Preserve each issue for perprescribing repentance may seem to some to be an im- "manent binding. accusation,practical approach.let's look Butat a withoutlimited listanyofire,a fewand ofwithoutthe thingsany

that some of us as individuals, and that some of us as

A fine addition to any organized entities, might consider as possibilities for repentance: Could there be some need for repentance from

library, both for value i cynicism, deception, vanity, and insincerity? For repent-

i lax living? repentance For and from indulgence of contents and apance

;4 flagrant waste? repentance For from extravagance and

pearance. from profane, offensive, and irreverent utterance? For

repentance from false pride and brash boasting? For repentance from refusing to face facts? For repentance

Economical from idleness and indolence and withholding willing work?

For repentance from fostering false philosophies? These

$3.00 per volume are a few possibilities from a long list. And wherever it 4

may be needed, let there be repentance from whatever we.4

of. to repent problem There isn't any need may we face,

F.O.B. Salt Lake City isn't us, that prayerfulness over hanging there hazard any

(Postpaid, add 30c) and repentance and willing work and unity in righteous purpose won't improve or prevail over or prevent. But to,

accomplish our purpose, repentance must be sincere. There s4

is no efficacy in superficial repentance, but there is no;'il DESERET NEWS PRESS righteous result that is not within reach if we will live by '

the principles upon which repentance is predicated.

40 Richards St. Uhe. SpokenSpoken l/UordvopcI from temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADSalt Lake City CASTING SYSTEM. DECEMBER 10, 1950

112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA others ). Sickness sorts of many is.. i——increased intensified. and heart's The

functioning is weakened. Soldiers using alcohol expose themselves to AVtL infections such as pneumonia and influTR enza and especially to venereal disease. A great authority on this last

subject, Professor Ahnkvist, is quoted: on

"My experience during thirtyeight years of practice is that alcohol as a Every Trip!

WE HAVE THE partrule playsin venerealin oneinfection.way or anotherIt is un-a

WORLD usual to find a case of such infection

ON DISPLAY where it has not been in some way a

SHOP IN OUR factor."

Department Store of Travel The Swedish government issues to every private entering its army a

Among Our Services pamphlet warning against alcohol.

ACCOMMODATIONS Officers are told how to handle this

PASSPORTS AND VISAS information in instructing the troops.

AGENTS FOR WORLDWIDE TRAVEL—Some of the statements are:

STEAMSH'P LINESAIRLINES "Alcohol is before all a poison of

RAILROADS the nervous system. It resembles

Our Service Costs You closelystances, theetherchemicallyand chloroform.related subIt videLow faresyou withEVERYWHEREextra pocketproNothing paralyzes progressively the large thingsmoney youfor thoseneed. many extra

brain and the spinal column.

Write or Phone "As soon as it enters the body's difSee your Greyhound Agent NOW!

cells, in the goes to body work UNIVERSAL ferent it. free itself various to ways from

TRAVEL SERVICE "Alcohol cannot be used as food for

Mezzanine Hotel Tempie Square muscle work. Sugar or other subDial 3-3419 stances which can be turned into sugar

are alone suitable. Alcohol is not WIP ip I wmm m

burned in the muscles but in the liver.

"If a person feels himself stimulated after he has taken liquor, it is because his sensitiveness to weariness has been paralyzed. This constitutes a great

danger. "Any warmth from alcohol's burning in the body is lost because of its paralyzing action on the blood vessels of the skin."

The general director of the Swedish

Medical Service is quoted: "Alcohol is

not a medicine, but a poison. It should

be sold from apothecaries only for exHave you seen providedternal use withor as a a poisonsolvent,sign."and always

the newer NEWHOUSE ALCOHOL AND CRIME completed We recently the first Judge William M. Gemmill, presidphase of our redecoration program for the Newhouse Hotel. ing justice of the Chicago Municipal

One great hotels of the fifty tried Court, has who thousand west, are striving to ofwethe make it greater than ever. in Drop derelicts, is says: human the "Booze

let and us know are how we life of crime. It gives mother progressing. and

sustenance to slums, dives, brothels, gambling dens, and 'payoff'joints. It INSURANCE

to <l nerves the homicide, the his deed far the stickup the burglar, man, the thief, local agents 300 give WESTKOLOB an extra "hoteletype Y and the thug. It fires the brain of the "edge"plete INSURANCEin bringing SERVICEsound andto Utah,comreservations fr* prostitute and the panderer. It feeds Idaho, Montana and Nevada.

&KTERNWESTERN HOTELS. and inflames the passions of the weak- A GENERAL INSURANCE AGENCY

r sPAng>es, San mindedtried an andarmytheof fiftydegenerate.thousand Ihumanhave

Seattle. derelicts, most of whom were boozesoaked. With faces red and bloated,

FRANK SALISBURY, Mgr.

{Concluded on following page) 330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City

NoLiquor-Tobacco {Concluded irom preceding page) with eyes dull and languid, with bodies NEW weak and wasted, with clothing foul and ragged, this vast army is forever College Work LOW PRICED marching with unsteady step to the of the drunkard graves prison or to the and workhouse."and the pauper the Year Around CONNSONATA

electronic organs At Your Church University Winter Passage {Continued irom page 85) Spring Quarter begins the sea for food, he flapped heavily landward. The moon sank. Dark MARCH 19

hid the sea. A little air rose from

the west as dawn opened. Whitecaps rose. No longer beating tired

wings, he floated easily.

A little later the albatross picked Summer Quarter begins up another ship, heeled to the freshening wind. A harsh scream JUNE 11

came from the unwitting messenger.

Close in the snow, the ship was;

and at his sudden cry her helmsman

Magnificent pipe organ tone in the new turned.

Connsonata two manual and one elec- "Mister mate! Mister mate!"the Applications For Admission Should for suitable tronic church or home, organs

the cried, mate and when Priced as low as helmsman Be Made Early to the hoverpointed came running, $1300 ing bird. "A message on his leg,

Come in for a demonstration or sir. Maybe some ship's in trouble,

send this coupon. sir,"said he.

Called by the mate, the captain

DAYNES MUSIC COMPANY hurried up. "Get out a fishing line For further information, write

47 So. Main, Salt Lake City 1, Utah at once,"he ordered.

send illustrated Please catalog on the They fished in vain while the alTHE REGISTRAR organs. Connsonata new

batross, torn between fear and

Name hunger, hovered above the bait.

Address "Once caught, he's grown too

City & State wise,"the captain said. HSnahanam i/jowvia

They fished all through the foreFIRST OF ALLRELIABILITY noon. At last the captain said,

"Mister mate, have them pull in the UtnLverditu line. And tell the cook to throw

PROVO, UTAHD4547 over a few scraps on the port side, MAINaiines not much, a little now and then, to

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH keep that bird near the ship. We

mustn't scare him off before we get that message. Lose no time. We're

for mi lium n min i i iim i i i HMnMmB—in storm again."... OFFER WE

COMPLETE iiOJLV I QUICK EASY WAY TO They backed the yard, stopping A erect rode the ship. upon She SERVICE the ENGRAVING STOP falling thinly. sea, snow On Portraits to the Largest From Missionary SMOKINGsmoking with no effort, winter Now you can stop

comfortably, or your moneyeasily,refunded.the veryThe newfirst medicalday—the port side, a short distance away, Catalogues.

discovery you have read about—Nico the albatross floated, gulping scraps Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

Stop, guaranteed absolutely harmless, nonto the water. the toxic, cook tossed nonhabit forming. Upon Endorsed by CO. ENGRAVING UTAH physicians everywhere. successfully Used the the other lowered side they St. boat. 113 Regent Utah Salt Lake City, thousands. for free Mail today coupon by

MMiinformation.mm; mm MM mm mmNom.costwwm mmormmobligation.MM MM. mm mmi mm mm mm mWhR While no one spoke and no block

NICO STOP SALES CO., Dept. A creaked and no sail flapped, the

Saint Helena, California Send information about Nico mate and four sailors dropped into me free Stop. the boat to wait the captain's order. vm%

Name Solemnfaced, he stepped from the

Address chartroom, a rifle in his hand. FarOjcca&Coa

City sea, a echoing wintry the across CQ. COSTUME SALT LAKE

State 3-1031 St., Salt Lake City - Dial So. Main 248 shot out. crimson rang on With

,114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the white of his soft breast, the rw-o-mm(><—K.>-aaK newo iw o-a—KXMEBK)wm n-mao inn ()o<BBP-o-fr

albatross the water. lay limp upon I -

ship the bring "Pull around and onrnwp/]!QSinswcreci: sprinklertoughestirrigation'sproblem

that bird the aboard,"captain I orTHE NEWdered; the and order was when

obeyed, and he had read the mes- i I bird's leg, from thesage dead he MOVE cried, "Lively Pile everyone! now,

\ STOUT WHEELSPRINKLER IRRIGATIONall sail on her!"

to heeling the the While, wind, ship the sped south to seek! wreck, Iw H r $ys'e* o whe e\s

stiffeningthe albatross lay the upon

I hisquarterdeck, quiverwing tips Iw.ONE.. MANAFTERMOVESAUTOMATICVa'MILEDRAIN/NOSECTION

ing as though they asked, "Why revolutionary sprinkler This irrigation in development allows one to move man Ve mile of f in IX. time at one pipe of minutes a matter pipe drained fly?"through patentedmayn't we q valvesl costs hard labor Ends of pipe..moving. after your and high byis puttingautomatically wheels. system on An hour passed, and another.

Distributor I City, UtahAnd then the snow ceased, and the I J.120HENRYW. ApricotJONESAve.,COMPANY,Salt Lake

sea lay clear ahead. And there Please send me complete information concerning STOUT WHEEL MOVE IRRIGATION.

was the doomed ship, at her last I Name i gasp; the cold seas lapping level Address

with her deck; her crew all gathered City State

on the deckhouse top.

(ALSO DISTRIBUTORS FOR RAIN BIRD SPRINKLERS)

Just in the nick of time, the boat <()< o KWdrew in beside the sinking ship. IL IwJ

Her last man had barely jumped WHmmwmmviM'/ into the boat when down she went. In the West It's

Their faces gaunt from shadow of their fear, the exhausted seamen PACIFIC climbed aboard the rescuing ship.

As if not sure that they were really snatched from as if in doom, doubt PUMPSthat such a miracle be, could they gazed about them. for

Pointing to the dead bird, the IRRIGATION RAIN BIRD ship's mate said, "There's what you have to thank. He was too wary Sprinklers

to be caught again. had to We

of distribution Their evenkill him or you'd died."all have

operation faultless water and Eying his comrades, the old seaassure increased production man cried: "I told ye, didn't I? at lower costs on row crops, pasKillin'a sea bird brings evil luck. ture, orchard or garden.

If we'd killed 'im, we'd be drowned oversizeHeavy construction,shafts insure ballcarefreebearingsoperation.and

an'dead."There is a size and type of PACIFIC

"Well, now 'e's killed,"one of PUMP for every requirement. TREMENDOUS

information WATERthe on YOUR rescued answered, solemnly; and For complete

1 SAVINGS needs, write pumpingasked, lowvoiced, in his eyes awe and on his reverent tongue, "'Ow J. Henry Jones Co. For CompleteWrite TodayDetails.

does"Aye—'owwe put it square?"does we put it 120 W. Apricot DistributorAve. Salt Lake City, Utah

square?"another cried. rUWUHV RAIN BIRD Sprinkler Mfg. Co.

All gathered round the bird; they GLENDORA, CALIFORNIA

talked together, rescued and rescuHEADQUARTERS FOR L. D. S.

ers. I IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA I Can You as a Latterday Saint Explain and

evening, That while of Doctrines a Your Church west gale KING'S REST YE

Bible? MOTEL Defend TheFrom the Holy 526roared 5TH STREET by, flying SOUTH thick, snow the

B. Foutz, Dr. Harold airwinter a cloud of driven spray, H. Foutz, Edgar Manager BIBLE THEthe two crews gathered on the Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout Owner KNOW50 VITAL RELIGIOUS QUESTIONS

watery quarterdeck. Above their Answered by 700 BIBLICAL QUOTATIONS

bare bent heads, the flag whipped at Clearlyteable sacramentcrystal,glassesunbreakare Ansionaries,Ideal BookServicemen,for all Churchand NonMemberMembers, Mishalf-mast. moulded to look exactly like Relatives and Friends.

noiseLightweight and In teachings with of L.D.S. harmony Church in to economical Tightsewn are they free, folds of glass. many

134 height, Paper Standard Cloth use. Pages $1.00 216 $1.50strong todayin. better. Order storm canvas, well, New, weighted

dealer. your from B. BENJAMIN ALWARDsafe killers, from questing they gave for samples FREE Send

First Salt Lake City 148 Ave.the 3, Utah Quality of Horn's white harbinger a comManufacturers (Or Deseret Book Co.; Bookcraft) AIDS WORSHIP CHURCH burial.rade's Mass. 14, Boston 55 Sudbury St.,

FEBRUARY 1951 115 EDITOR t Dm S)hepherd, ODAY'S

Hometype flour mill now coming into a very deficient food, being largely use. popular

starch. 7. Whole rye bread is black

tein but only negligible amounts bread, called pumpernickel. Someof vitamins or minerals. times whole rye and whole wheat

(d) The germ, or embryo, is are mixed, making a more palatable the nucleus of new life and thereproduct. Whole rye is also popularfore the most important part of ly used in rye crackers. Bolted rye

the grain, and nutritionally conflour, which does not contain the tains all the biochemic elements germ or the bran, is often mistaken of life, especially protein, calcium, for a more wholesome product beiron, B vitamins. Wheat germ is cause of its dark color. Actually it

rich in vitamin E. is dark only because the starchy rye

4. Corn, the largest grain crop of endosperm is dark. Popular rye

the United States, is an excellent breads are usually a combination of food in the whole grain state, but bolted rye flour and white flour and only ten to fifteen percent of the are not particularly nutritious.

crop is used for human consumption, 8. Only about seventytwo perand much of this is made into corn cent of the wheat kernel is used for

syrup and cornstarch. Most corn food in the manufacture of white

meal and readyto-eat corn cereals flour. The byproducts, which conare highly refined, having the germ tain the most valuable protein, the

and bran removed to improve their iron, and ninetenths of the vitamin keeping qualities. Wholegrain corn Bi (thiamine) are used for animal

meal is available at health stores feed.

9. As people become nutritionconscious, whole wheat flour becomes more popular, but while

Jpeakr wheatit is groundin the kernelinto flourkeepsitwell,becomesafter subject to weevil infestation and molds. Agents which are used to

preserve it would seem to be destructive of nutritive value; also,

Did you know? and small mills; refined corn meal there is a gradual loss of food value

1. Cereal grains and their prodis being enriched by some manubecause of oxidation during storage.

ucts furnish from thirty to forty perfacturers. 'Yellow corn meal is su10. Many people are now using

cent of the calories and over thirty perior to white, having a rich vitahome-size flour mills and cereal percent of the protein in the average min A content found in no other grinders to grind their own flour

American diet. grain. fresh as needed. Some communities

2. The United States produces 5. Oats is a distinctive grain beor groups have purchased small

and consumes more wheat than any cause as a cereal it is always commercial mills, and they distribute other country in the world. used in the wholegrain form, refresh flour weekly to those who de-

3. The four important parts of a taining both the germ and the soft, sire it. Such activity is limited at

kernel of grain are listed below. thin bran. To make rolled oats, the present, but it is bound to grow in

(a) The husk or hull is not oat kernels are first steamed, then favor because it promises a fresh edible and is always removed. passed through heavy steel rolls. product of high nutritive value. It

( b ) The bran, or outer coat of 6. Although not used to any is reminiscent of the good old days

the grain itself, which is edible great extent in America, rice is the when a man threw a sack of wheat and is left on whole grain cereals chief food for about half of the huover his shoulder, went to the mill, and flour, provides bulk in the inman race, and in oriental countries and returned to his family with a testinal tract, as well as protein, forms a larger proportion of the diet sack of freshlyground flour.

calcium, iron, and B vitamins. than wheat, rye, barley, and potatoes 11. In 1940 the United States

(c) The endosperm, or starchy combined do in the western hemigovernment, in cooperation with portion, comprising about eightysphere. It is eaten in both the brown millers, started an "enrichment"or

five percent of the kernel, out of state, with only the outer husk re- "restoration"program, under which which white flour and some cemoved, and in the highly milled, iron and three B vitamins ( thiamine, reals are made, contains some prowhite form. In the white form it is riboflavin, niacin ) could be put back

116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA into impoverished white flour and:-:::-: -j:'::-:;::::":":::":"'':":;:::-:::::-':':':-:

cereals to give them higher nutritive value. 1 But there are thirteen

known B vitamins today, all contained in natural whole wheat, and "there is considerable evidence to prove that the relative proportions of nature's mixtures of B vitamins in foods are those best adapted for promoting health."2

12. Protein values of various

grains are fairly similar, but the better proteins are concentrated in the os snowtlakes outer layers of the grain and in and around the embryo or germ. Hence,

milling rejects much of these more valuable proteins, and "enrichment""Snowflake"Bentlcy, or "restoration"does not improve the homespun Yermonl scientist, protein quality. Neither does it reproved with thousands of picturesstore copper, manganese, or other

minerals and vitamins lost in millthat no two snowflakes are exactly alike.

ing, except those mentioned in paraMillions oi housev? < s.

graph eleven.

13. Modern cereals first appeared in more millions ol washings, have proved

late in the nineteenth century when (here's no soap exactly like FelsNaptha "rolled sold oats"was milled and nothing A*v that washes sheets, shirts, the as a... in drugstores ounceby

health food for babies and invalids. and all white goods literally "as while as snow,"

Later cracked and rolled wheat ceFor downright anility lo keep {follies clean there's reals became popular also. With the

.. a:x'no soap like I elsNaj th.turn of the century came packaged nothing like soap -

"readyto-eat"cereals, now a twoUse FelsNaptha Chips in your machine or tuh.

hundredmillion-dollar industry in

America. These cereals are made Keep FelsNaptha Bar handy for highspotting collars,

from high quality grain but go culls and oilier heavily soiled articles.

through many heating and steaming processes in manufacture which reRcmemher only FelsNaptha gives you duce nutritive quality; for instance:

( a ) Shredded wheat is made t. Mild, golden soap.

from soft wheat which is cleaned, 2. Gentle, active naptha.

washed, cooked, then partially dried 3. bixnshine ingredients lor

and shredded by passing it through grooved rolls. The shreds are moldwhiter whites'—hritjhter colors.

ed and cut into shapes which are then ovenbaked and toasted.

(b) Wheat flakes are made by cooking the wheat under steam pressure, drying it, and passing it through heavy rollers. The paperthin flakes are then toasted in heat- v J V

controlled ovens.

( c ) Puffed rice or wheat is made by cooking and steaming the grain in a closed vessel called a "gun."1

As the moisture turns to steam, the *""pressure increases, and when it is suddenly released, the starch gran- \"":;:!ules explode to form puffs.—u BANISHES (d) Corn flakes are made from

the starchy part of the kernel, with- "TATTLETALE out the germ or bran. The hominy GRAY"

{Continued on page 123)

1Sometimes calcium and vitamin D are added to cereals also.

-Bogert, L. Jean. Nutrition and Physical Fitness.

p. 257.

FEBRUARY 1951 117

A WAIL PANEL

toy U)oiAr> Kcoom By Marion H. Addington

scroll - shaped where the design is hanging for to go, then apply A your room is paste to the designs f&fU? is tastier simple to make, coland lay them very

orful, and very deccarefully in place orative. on the fabric. Do

Take a piece of not move them black or dark maafter the paste has terial, preferably touched the fabric one with a glistenor the paste may ing surface, such as smear.

cambric, sateen, or Run a ribbon or satin. Cut a strip cord through the

about eight and a hole in the top tube half inches wide and tie in a bow for and from sixteen to hanging on the wall.

twenty inches long, The ribbon might and hem it all mayThecreateingeniouswall panelsyoung of personmany match the principle around with a narvarieties to beautify a room. color in the design

row hem. or black may be

From a cardboard mailing tube used or two very narrow ribbons cut two tubes the same width as the might be used: one black and one

material after it is hemmed (about of the most prominent color in the eight inches ). The tubes should be design. The weight of the bottom

an inch or an inch and a half in tube will hold the panel in place diameter. Lacking a mailing tube, against the wall.

roll some stiff paper or a small magazine or newspaper to that size and

It! This column glue it together, or tie it with fine You Can Do thread so that the roll will be smooth for young people, and for any

on the outside. others who wish to take advanCover these two tubes with black tage of it, features articles of a

fabric similar to that which you have "howto-doit"nature. Contrialready hemmed. To get the exact butions will be considered for

size needed to cover the tube put picaHan at regular rates.

a piece or paper around the tube so that it just meets. Then measure it

IT'S GOOD and cut material accordingly. Allow If you prefer cloth rather than

about onehalf inch for turning in paper, cut designs from cretonne,

Now taste how cold cuts lengthwise, and an inch on each end but be careful not to fray the edges take on new flavor defor tucking in at the open ends of while arranging or pasting. A colorlight with Tang! For the tube. ful embroidered design of flowers

Tang, alone among Fit the fabric around the tubes or animals would also be attractive.

dressings, provides the quite snugly, so that it will be Instead of a pasted design, four special "flavor factor"smooth, turn in the raw edge, and strips of very narrow ribbon could that gives extra zest. sew or paste in place. Before sewbe tacked at intervals lengthwise

ing the end of the panel onto the down the panel and two rows of 7&4Uf is thrifty, too tube, baste or pin it to keep the line post cards slipped in. This "loosestraight. Be sure that the hem side leaf"arrangement would permit the

of the panel is on the same side as cards to be changed from time to the seam side of the tube, so that time.

both seams will fall to the back of A dark background is preferable the hanging. because it contrasts with the wall

Next assemble some brightly coland with the gay colors of the dethe perfect ored pictures: flowers, leaves, or sign. However, neutral tints could

salad dressing evenzines. smallLay thescenespicturescut onfromthe magamate- beandused,gray, suchprovidedas tan,the jadecolorsgreen,used

rial in the design you wish. Mark against them are vivid enough to

the fabric with chalk or pins to show stand out.

118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Yesterday's women had to use washtubs, washboards and Dry Your Clothes clothespins! But why should you, a modern woman, be

the Hamilton Way pinned to the clothespin, living. J: Ready to Iron withoutHamiltontheAutomaticconvenienceClothesof a

Dryer? or Put Away Today you can dry clothes the worhless way, ready to iron or put away! With a Hamilton

Automatic Clothes Dryer you avoid the backyard backache of heavy clothesbaskets and the worries of weather and airborne dirt. In minutes... inside... day or night... your

wash is fresh, clean and dry the Hamilton Way! Saves

hours... saves clothes...

saves you!

Come In Today and See It THE ORIGINAL MxLrnJJLtoTL

CLOTHES DRYER

with the exclusive:. SUN-E-DA Y ullraviolel lamp;

i**nnmn?

SEE ONE OF THESE HAMILTON DEALERS FOR A FREE DEMONSTRATION OF THIS AMAZING TIME AND LABOR SAVER.

UTAH DEALERS IDAHO DEALERS Co., Center St Pocatejlo 427 Equipment Laundry Furniture Clearfield and Home Barlow Company

Boise C. C. Anderson Salt Lake BradleyBadger, South 38 Main

Boise J. Foster's, St 24th Bannock OgdenCity and Bros. G. Read and Kiesel Company,

Boise 8th St So. City Liquefied St Salt Rocky Lake 703 Co., 1212 Beck Mountain Inc.,Gas 816Corporation, Gas

Schoss Furniture and Electric Co., 355 24th St Ogden Sam Jones Furniture and Appliance Co Blackfoot

Taylor Brothers, 250 West Center Provo Rocky Mountain Gas Co Pocatello and Idaho Falls

Utah Appliance Co., 32 East 1st North Provo Wilson Bates Appliance Co Twin Falls, Jerome and Burley

GORDON E. WILKINS, INC. Intermounfain Distributors 142 South Fifth West

Salt Lake City, Utah

FEBRUARY 1951 119 the line that counts most in For the tall, heavy girl—

It'schoosing clothes -—fashion line, 1. Vertical and diagonal lines; not horinot figure line. The girl who zontal lines

would dress smartly must develop a 2. Deep "V-necks and pointed collars;

strong feeling for line and shape not3. roundSquarednecksshouldersand collarsand setin sleeves;

and choose clothes in which she not kimono or dolman sleeves feels comfortable because they flat- 4. Long vertical stitching or tucks; not

ter her face and figure. Believe it yokes and shirring

or not, if Mary Ann is tall and thin, 5. Jackets not longer than two inches

she won't wear to advantage the belowjackets hip bone; not very long or short clothes that make Janie, the short, /I ty 6. Mediumgored or soft, straight skirts

plump girl, look taller and thinner with center stitching or one pleat; not allthey'll make Mary Ann look taller pleated or fullgored skirts

and thinner, too. Here, then, are on 7. diagonal);Diagonal trimmingsnot round (astrimmingspockets (asset

the basic rules of "line"in clothing l/l/ardroh scallops) selection. They are worth careful girl—consideration in building a wardFor the short, heavy

robe of personality. <t 1. Vertical and diagonal lines; not horizontal lines

For the tall, slim girl—2. Moderate "V"-necks and pointed col-

1. Horizontal lines; not vertical ones. For the short, thin girl—lars; not all round necklines

Stripes in the fabric, rows of buttons, 3. Moderately squared shoulders, setin

tucks should not be straight up and 1. Horizontal and modified vertical lines sleeves; not kimono or dolman sleeves

down. 2. Round, and short "V"-necklines; not 4. Very narrow self belts; not wide,

2. Round necks and collars; not deep deep "V"-necklines contrasting belts, or setin, princess waist-

"V"-necklines 3. Soft, rounded shoulders, kimono lines

3. Soft, rounded shoulders, kimono and sleeves, but not exaggerated 5. Soft dressmaker jackets, not longer

dolman sleeves 4. Self belts, princess waistlines; not than two inches below hip bone; not

4. Wide belts wide or contrasting belts boleros, overlong or short jackets, or

5. Short boleros, peplums, long jackets 5. Bolero, peplum, or short jackets; not peplums

6. Boxpleated, fullgored, or circular medium or long jackets 6. Easy, straight skirts with center

skirts; not narrow, tubular skirts 6. Draped, mediumfull, knifepleated, or stitching or one pleat; not draped, wide

7. Circular trimmings (as in scallops; not straight skirts gores, allaround pleats

angular trimming as in notched col- 7. Highplaced pockets; delicate trim- 7. Diagonal trimmings; not round trimlars) mings mings

To make lunch one of the high spots of the day, include sandwiches made with

Table Queen bread. Its smoother texture and finer

flavor assure delicious sandwiches every time.

Table Queen is extra nourishing and full of energy too—extra good for active, growing youngsters QI0f TABLE

because it's made with high protein flour and enriched with vitamins and iron.

So help your family to better health... better

flavor... better bread. Get Table Queen

the bread that's Queen of the table

ROYAL BAKING COMPANY - SALT LAKEOGDEN 120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

i5aklna With latch on.

CEREAL GRAINS

Corn Pudding

3 eggs 2 cups liquid (corn liquid and milk) 2 tablespoons cooking oil 2 cups cooked wholekernel corn 1 teaspoon salt

Beat the eggs and add liquid. Stir

in the oil, corn, and salt. Pour into

greased baking dish and bake in moderate oven (350 F.) about 50

minutes or until set. This product

can be made more nutritious by adding to it }/2 cup dried milk powder.

Corn Meal Gems 1 cup yellow corn meal (preferably whole grain 1 cup sifted flour 34 cup brown sugar 3 teaspoons baking powder Yl teaspoon salt 1J4 cups milk 1 egg, slightly beaten 4 tablespoons shortening, melted 4

Sift dry ingredients together. Com- "The Greatest Buy in Tractors

bine milk, egg, and shortening. Turn... says M. V. Harris. "My Model 'VAC has given perfect

milk mixture into dry ingredients all satisfaction in my belt work, power takeoff and drawbar work.

at once and stir quickly until the dry It requires very little service, and fuel costs are amazingly low and liquid ingredients are just mixed and have a lumpy appearance. Bake on all farming operations."

in greased gem pans or loaf pan in a See for yourself how easy the Eagle Hitch latches onto implehot oven (400 F.) about 20 or 25 ments... how it pulls plows at even depth in uneven ground

minutes. Finely chopped walnuts may... how its balanced downpull helps both steering and traction.

withbe added the dry ingredients to See how frontmounted Masterframe implements follow front product. a richermake

wheels instantly... how clean you can cultivate... how well

Corn Bread Poultry Dressing you can see what you are doing. Besides the great variety of

1 recipe for corn bread (as above) Case implements, there are loaders, scrapers, sprayers, post 2 to 3 cups whole wheat bread crumbs hole diggers, etc., built by other manufacturers for the "VAC."

broth in which giblets have been Plan now for the work ahead... see your Case dealer.

cooked

1 cup chopped onion WIDE CHOICE OF MOUNTED IMPLEMENTS butter 2 - plow Series for low - cost implements "VA"- On 1 cup diced celery Latch disk plows, regular 2-way moldboard and include tractors plows, tandem and offset disk harrows, 2-row lister, disk 1 tablespoon sage bedder and cultivator, many toolbar implements, 7-foot 2 teaspoons salt mower, narrowrow planters. Frontmounted Masterframe

1 teaspoon marjoram implementsnarrowrow includecultivators.runner and buster planters, standard and

Use dayold corn bread which has been crumbled and allowed to dry out. SEND FOR BIG CATALOG

Combine it with bread crumbs and PASTE ON PENNY POSTCARD AND MAIL folders. machines catalog, Mark tractor implement latest themoisten giblet broth; Get mixture with

need. you any others in margin interest that you—write if hot water, necessary.add more I. Racine, Wis. Co., Dept. B-44, Case J. Address

Saute onion in butter. Add onion, celLow-cost 2-plow "VAC"tractor 4-5 plow "LA"tractor

2-plow "SC"ery, and beaten mixture. Larger egg to bread

tractor tractor Automatic5 and 6-ft. combinesbaler "DC"Fast 3-plow

taste. toCombine well. Season

NAME Rice Cakes POSTOFFI CE A slices bacon, chopped 2 tablespoons chopped onion RFD STATE.

(Continued on [olloiving page)

FEBRUARY 1951 121.

MUSIC LOVERS Baking(ContinuedWithfromCerealprecedingGrainspage) 4 tablespoons chopped green pepper

3 rice cups cooked brownFind New Delight 1 teaspoon salt 1 cup sifted flour whole wheat

Estey Organs Charm With 1 teaspoon baking powder 1 cup tomato pulp Full Orchestral Effects Fry bacon crisp; drain off excess

Social groups and cultured homes the nation grease; and add onion, green pepper, I'M NOT WORRIED -

over have rediscovered the Estey Organ as rice, and tomato pulp. Sift dry ingrethe center of musical culture and wholesome dients together and mix thoroughly,-. entertainment. And no wonder! No other with first mixture. Drop by spoonfuls PANELYTE*

instrument is so flexible in its musical ininto skillet containing bacon grease and terpretations, so feeling in its harmony with brown on both sides. CL&M

vocal renditions; and yet so low in cost that

no home or group need be denied the finest Rice and Pineapple instrumental in music. 2

wipe with cups cooked brown rice One cloth, and a damp Estey, with a century of experience in butter Its again. sparkles PANELYTE

organcraft, offers the finest in design and 6 slices pineapple fresh, glowing color stays spotmechanical worth, in models to fit every need Yz cup brown sugar bing.less andThat'ssanitarybecausewithoutdecorativescrub-

... from the practical but very inexpensive % cup pineapple juice PANELYTE is highpressure lamifolding, through the nated plastic—impervious to

JUNIOR, the MINIATURE, Spread part of cooked rice in botchipping.stains, wear,Forburns,thesecrackingreasons.and

the spinet, the symtom of casserole, dot with butter, and PANELYTE is ideal for kitchens, arrange bars, bathrooms, pineapple pieces restaurants, on top. soda CHURCH the phonic, CATHEDRAL.

fountains, and anywhere a smooth, Sprinkle sugar. with brown unRepeat HOME is Estey headquarters, colorful, clean lasting and surface

til all ingredients used, are having top is desired. LODGE too, for tailoredto-need

of colors range A wide and deORCHESf PIPE ORGANS. layerjuice overof pineapple.top and bakePourin pineapplemoderate signs, in sheet STUDIO sizes many and

oven (350 F.) about 30 minutes. thicknesses from 1/16"make it

Serve hot or cold with cream. easy for you to put PANELYTE

surfaces in your home or busiSpiced Oat Cake samplesness. It'stoday.inexpensive! See our

Plus Tax & Freight 1 cup sifted flour 2 teaspoons baking powder Yi teaspoon salt PANELYTE 1 teaspoon cinnamon Yi cup shortening BIAttTT FIRST TO lA$r

Player Salesmen 1 cup brown sugar

Make Good 2 eggs AT RETAIL LUMBER DEALERS

Profits milk Ya cuP EVERYWHERE for details Write cup rolled oats 2/$ and

territory open 'MORRISONMERRILL & CO. \

Sift flour, baking powder, salt, and Building Material Distributors y cinnamon together. Cream shortening 205 North 3rd West - Salt Lake City, Utah |

Twin Falls, together; sugar eggs, Also at Boise, brown add dealer you. and There's near probably an Estey Reno, Nevada, Pocatello, Idaho, I beating one at a time, after each. Then direct will find to order it easy If not, you

from the maker... after a review of our add dry ingredients alternately with

fullyillustrated folders showing all models. milk. Stir in rolled oats last. Pour into cake greased and bake in pan modWrite today.

erate F.) (350 oven 45 minIN USE for OVER FIRY YErVRS about

utes. Cool and serve with flavored Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

and sweetened whipped cream. Garsore throat and other minor mouth

nish with dates. and throat irritations.

OrangeOatmeal I would FREE Illustrated like your Brochure. Cookies HALL'S REMEDY Please nearest Estey name dealer.

1 sifted flour cup City, Utah Salt Lake

Name baking teaspoons powder 1 Address teaspoon salt Investigators, Missionaries, for For shortening * h cup gifts to friends. reading, for home cup brown sugar forv——J

egg IN THE GOSPEL NET tablespoons orange juice By ELDER JOHN A. WIDTSOE

tityWm cups rolled oats your oo tablespoon grated orange rind At */5o and up to?9 Dealers $1.75 Book cup coconut

122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Sift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Add shortening, sugar, egg,

orange juice. Beat until smooth, about

2 minutes. Fold in rolled oats, orange

rind, and coconut. Drop from teaspoon

on greased baking sheet and bake in (350moderate F.) oven 12 to 15 minDELUXE SEWING MACHINE

utes. Yields dozen. about 2>Y2 DOES EVERYTHING!

Shredded Wheat Brown Betty 2 cups bitesize shredded wheat bisZIGZAGS cuits HEMSTITCHES 34 cup melted butter or margarine BUTTONHOLES 2 cups sliced apples AUTOMATICALLY cup brown sugar TUCKSY2 Y teaspoon cinnamon ALL 14 RUFFLES 1 teaspoon grated orange rind FEATURES PLEATS juice34 CUP orange SHIRRS

Mix shredded wheat biscuits with IN ONE QUILTS butter. Arrange onethird of mixture BINDS in bottom of baking dish. Cover with $180.90

LACE SEWS half the apples. Sprinkle with half (Zigzagger,

ELASTICof sugar, blended cinnamon, and orange and Buttonholer Hemstitcher, OTHER MODELS USES THREAD included) rind. layer Repeat of cereal, apples,

SEWS UNDER $69.95and sugar mixture. with remainTop BRAID and UPing cereal. juice Pour orange over top. Why Pay More?. EDGESTITCHES

Cover and bake in moderate oven DARNS (350 F.) for 30 minutes; remove cover and bake another 30 minutes. Serve HERE'S A MACHINE YOU CAN AFFORD

with milk or cream. Serves 6. UNDER PRESENT CREDIT RESTRICTIONS

GUARANTEED FOR 20 YEARS Speaking of Whole Grains MADE IN AMERICA (Continued from page 117) SINCE 1860

is cooked under steam pressure, Made to solve all your family sewing problems dried, then flaked, and toasted.

14. Milk, soybean flour, and peaExamination and trial by ward and stake Relief Societies

nut flour furnish proteins of about also invited.

equal value to supplement, in breadmaking, the protein of flour; they alSEE THE

so seem to have similar protein value to that of meat and eggs in DEALER IN YOUR COMMUNITY supplementing bread and cereals in OR WRITE the diet. 15. Dried yeast (brewer's yeast)added to bread has been found to JACKSON DISTRIBUTING CO.

increase the growth of weanling 115 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE PHONE 5-2906 SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH rats 120 percent over nonyeast bread, compared to a growth increase of only thirtyone percent when conventionally enriched bread was used. When both powdered

milk solids and dried yeast were PROFITABLE DAYS used in bread, the results were even qccagB AHEAD FORbetter. PIKES PEAR

16. "A mixture of onesixth dried 0UISHwhole milk and fivesixths ground FLOUR GRADUATESwhole has wheat supported normal Capitalize on QUISH With FOUR

training You'll now! a begrowth, health, reproduction, and competent beautician when Extra Bakinglactation through graduated. fifty promore than QUISH

vides with technical yousuccessive Advantages generations of rats, with skill and knowledge gained ENROLL in 25 SEND FORno diminution of size or vigor SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS NOW FREE TODAY! years.CATALOG

though the protein level was only 425 West 5th South

OF SCHOOLfourteen percent of the total food Salt Lake City, Utah BERUTV331 SOUTHCULTUREMAINcalories and more than twothirds of (Concluded on following page) FEBRUARY 1951 123 SPEAKING OF WHOLE GRAINS

(Concluded preceding page) from ical Fitness. W. B. Saunders Company,

this protein. was wheat 1949. the Philadelphia. 3 When

proportion of milk was increased, 3. "Better Buymanship, Use and Care,

results were even better, an indiGrain Products,"by Household Finance cation that any adequate diet may Corporation. 1947.

be improved to give better health. 4. "History and Manufacture of BreakReferences: fast Cereals,"bulletin edited by Prof I. J.

1. Sherman, Henry C. Chemistry of Johnson,1950. Iowa State College, Ames, Iowa.

Food and Nutrition. Macmillan Company,

New York. 1946. 5. "Improvement of Bread with Dried

2. Bogert, L. Jean. Nutrition and PhysYeast,"an article in Nutrition Reviews,

Nutrition Foundation, Inc., New York. ''!Sherman, Henry C. Chemistry of Food and NuThe

trition, 1950. p. 547. June

(\e6ewe f\eSource5 RICHARD L EVANS Tn days of deepening disappointment men react in many ways, depending upon their teaching and temperament, upon their outlook and understanding, and upon the faith and foundations on which their feet are fixed. To

sudden and shocking news, depression and deep discouragement are perhaps the immediate reaction of most of us.

The first impact almost always brings a heavy heart and a feeling that the future is futile. But what happens after

the first impact is exceedingly important. Some become

cynical. Some become desperately despondent. Some

MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS rush into fevered action without any real plan or purpose.

Some give up and lay aside all plans and purpose and live in listlessness. But some quietly think things through,

HlllimilE3lllllllltlllC3lllllllllllinilllllllllllC3IIIIIIMI consider the issues and the alternatives, and recover their courage and then set about to do as promptly as possible what should and can be done. In any circumstance or

"In the situation, despondent inaction, purposeless resignation is almost the worst thing in the world. And to you who

Gospel Net"aresee thedepressed,future beforeto you you,who toareyouyoungwho andhavearelivedtryingto seeto the future in your families, to you who have loved ones you by Dr. John A. Widtsoe have lost or fear to lose, to you who have oppressive problems and are heartsick and heavyladen, to all of you

A book for missiona ries, (and to all of us together)—take courage, have faith,

Church and home libraries. believe in the future; live and work and watch and wait

and pursue life prayerfully, repentantly, and purposefully. 4

At Your There are reserve resources within us that we seldom see

Bookstore $1.75 or suspect until we are pressed beyond the point of our

usual performance. But even when we come to what seems

to be the end of our own resources, there is another and

Prologue neverfailingin our Father whosourceis inof heaven,strengthandandin hispeaceSon,andour purposeSavior, the Prince of Peace. conviction courage and The of men Zhis is the story of a woman, a seeker

strength, in righteous is a surpassing source of a cause after truth, who, tossed by the waves of But even if we were to meet situations beyond the commysterious fate, was caught by the gospel bined wisdom and judgment and effort and ingenuity of net, and carried into a far country, where, all of us, we shall never meet a situation that is beyond the help of him in whose image men were made and who through the possession of eternal truth, would not withhold his helping hand from a sincerely rethough amidst much adversity, she and pentant person or people.

her familyfound unbounded happiness.

Jke Jpoken)ponen lA/ordword from temple square

Zhis is her saga. PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM, DECEMBER 17. 1950

miimiic3iimiNiiiiumiimmoimmmiC3iiiiiiiii 124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Mysterious Mountain lions (Continued from page 93) somewhat below me. As I sat

gazing at them, a cougar sprang from some low bushes beside the trail directly at the last deer, but, aiming too high, went clear over the top of the fleeing animals; and,

being disinclined to pursue further, lay down at the very spot where it had landed. I was unarmed and

somewhat apprehensive concerning the sheep that I was herding—and She's finding out, the hard way, that there's no halfway quality in tuna!

little I walked as well. curiousa She bought a substitute instead of insisting upon''/SIZE"TUNA toward the trail to and alongdown

the lion, not expecting that it would...and her favorite "party"tuna dish was a flat failure! Be sure that every

still be there. Suddenly, however, tuna dish is a success...by getting this famous "Bite Size"tuna every time!

I came right upon it, the cougar seeing me just as I saw it. It drew

back rigidly on its feet, crouching as if about to spring; and then allat once, apparently sensing that I THERE'S NO HALFWAY

was a man, it changed its expression and attitude instantly and QUALITY scampered away as if thoroughly frightened. Though I was scared,

so, that cougar more wasI am sure IN TUNA SALT a IN SOYBEANADDED that not it realized I waswhen deer."THIS FAMOUS TUNA ALSO AVAILABLE

Though in wild regions most aniIN SOLID PACK mals are startled by the scent of man, a mountain lion manifests litTrademark of Van Camp Sea Food Co. Inc.. Terminal Island, Calif. 1

tle fear when it comes upon the human trail. It may lurk silent

and motionless behind a bush withGood News for Good Cooks!

in ten feet of a walking hunter who is unaware of its presence; yet the

moment it is detected, it bounds laway with full speed. The Star of Everi) Party Meww

Most of us have heard of the "bloodcurdling"scream of the mountain lion, but not all of us have had occasion to weigh the evidence concerning the verity of those astonishing reports. Having myself

in the wildwoods heard only the catlike "Woow!"of this big feline,

I have been incredulous of the "insane woman's screamings"attributed to this lion, but disregarding my own experience, I have corresponded with scientists and outdoorsmen of two continents in a search for the truth. The adventures herein recorded are but part

Remember Fritos, for quick, delicious food of the resulting testimony.

rich in apFritos flavor—hearty

crisp, Many travelers { Fountain, Father peal.treatsFritos.. grand are always crunchyDe Smet, Farnham, and the like)

have written of "the screaming with meals or between. Today, get Fritos,

sound,""hideous noise,"or "shrill America's favorite corn chips!

cry"of this prowler, but their observations are not inconsistent with Look for my own "Wowow-r-r-r-r,"with Recipes on the Bag!

the latter part a growl and a {Continued on following page) THE FRITO CO., Los Angeles, Calif.

FEBRUARY 1951 125.

Mysterious Mountain Lions HERE'S SHAMPOO ALL-O-WHEAT {Continued from preceding page) wail; but a "bloodcurdling scream"CEREAL

The Best and Most Healthful is another thing. When a fellow /NEWS!

Cereal for Your Family to Eat! mammalogist, N. Hollister, in describing the Louisiana puma wrote EGG*/// a

Its DELICIOUS of "a shrill trill, weird and startlVelvety Cream That Makes nutlike flavor ing,"the contains ALL MyI friend,began tothewonder.late Dr. E. W. Hair Look Like Silk of the goodness

Entire Wheat Berry. Nelson, mentioned "a loud, weird

A Kansas cry, popularly supposed to resemble analysis Laboratory reveals that 1 pound the scream of a terrified woman."Buy a regular jar,

free. has of ALL-O-WHEAT late the William T. get a trialsize My friend, IT'S STEEL CUT

the Try preof Hornaday, wrote a "scream

Units 1900 ProVitamin A smallsman j*ii,jar. - like terrified cisely or boys"; true, (These are women vitamins) natural

1.76 Milligrams Thiamine in fact, he said, "It is loud, piercing, Your money back if not

26.50 Milligrams Niacin

4.93 Milligrams Pantothenic Acid prolonged, and has the agonized delighted with results!

.452 Milligrams Riboflavin voice qualities of a boy or a woman

rich in proteins, Also phosphorus, mineral iron. screaming from the pain of a surgicreamed matter and

ALL-O-WHEAT IS cal operation. It says 'Ow w-w-w,'shampoo

DELICIOUS to the Taste over and over."with *2% Powdered Egg M. A. Richards of Salt Lake City, NUTRITIOUS to the Body

EASY TO PREPARE Utah, told me that in the autumn of

VERY ECONOMICAL to use 1918 he heard a lion cry on Mt.

Ask your grocer or local health store Timpanogos, Utah; it "resembled use L* B#

today for the wail of a cross child resisting for the hair ALL-O-WHEAT correction—loud, shrill, extended.".... the dressing

Or Write to ALL-O-WHEAT CO. He and his father shot the cougar, a

hair that makes Utah Ogden, female, Harris next morning. David available All-O-Wheat now... keeps handsome Pacific stores health Coast Springs, in of Colorado, Glenwood

of Los Corp. Served Angeles by Halco well groomed! that emphatically the it assured me

scream of this animal "so resembles

ICKS COLLEGE tressthe crythatofonea humanwould bebeingimpelledin disto exburg, Idaho go to the aid of the supposed person."He told me that in June 1918

Kolob Mountain, on ALUMINUM AH Spring Registration.. TRACK the scream STORM WINDOWS of one—Utah,"It washe aheardcryTRIPLE

February 19 to March 12 ing, brokenhearted sound as if AND FINEST coming from some human being hurt STORM Classwork starts March 12 and held down, as with a broken leg."DOORS

Established in 1888 by Many years before that, Mr. Keep Out

KARL G. MAESER Harris with his father and two Cold Drafts

brothers heard a puma scream as they were going along Shingle Mill Save on

If Fuel Nowa4yr. College Canyon in Long Valley, Utah,

whereupon they imitated it, and Stop Sweaty

Founded by coaxed it nearer from a quartermile Windows distance. In this instance the cry LD5 Pioneers so resembled that of a human being EASY TERMS

that the boys were deceived until Call or Write

AMERICAS FAVORITE reassured by their father. The

ALWAYS sounds were made every few minSTOACO INTERM0UNTA1N, INC.

a1 lit BETTER utes. Mr. Harris, who herded sheep 4981 So. State, MurrayUtah

every summer for twentyfive years MURRAY 995 told prior to 1928, me that he heard SALT LAKE 9-4107 TIME season. scream every CORN the

Having killed many cougars in Please have one of your representatives

DRINK the Sawtooth Mountains of Colocall and give us c c free estimate.

rado, B. A. Hartman of Salt Lake Name

City, wellqualified Utah, was when Address

A delightful informed that he had "heard me for those he hot beverage Town who don't drink coffee. a dozen or more cougars scream, State

AT YOUR GROCERS usually late in the autumn. The

126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA first thing one thinks of when he hears it is a woman screaming; it is

very loud, not catlike, more like the scream of a person."

A very intelligent and trustold gentleman John namedworthy in the \Balfour, was employed who

Church offices in Salt Lake City, REDDt KILOWATT'

Utah, told me in December 1939 that in July 1891, he was working on the Fox ranch at the head of ELECTRIC WATER HEATING the Big Blackfoot River, Idaho, and sleeping at night either with half More Popular Than Ever!a dozen other men in the barn on

the hay or in a tent adjoining the Over 100,000 people enjoy it in ranch house. One day a girl named

Irene McGavin, who assisted with the territory we serve.

the housework and frequently gathered pie berries in the canyon, the screaming canyoncame down UTAH POWER & LIGHT CD. information theto the house with

that she had just heard an animal yelling. The men tried to convince her that she had heard only

an owl, but she knew better.

As Mr. Balfour lay in his tent

that night, he heard a "blood-..curdling scream"coming from the SKILLED HANDS.For over forty years the hands of

other side of the ranch house. our master craftsmen have been

Rushing to the door of the building, creating from finest woods andhe obtained a shotgun from Miss

McGavin, who stood there tremupholstery materials attractive, bling with fear; but the animal had comfortable seating for outdisappeared when he searched for standing LDS ward and stake

it. buildings... as well as

The next morning Mr. Balfour tastefully designed and

and his brother, both of whom had carefully crafted inseen mountain lion tracks at various terior woodwork for times about sheep herds, searched banks, stores, and resthe lawn for animal signs and at taurants throughout last found a mountain lion foot- t he Mountain West.

print in the mud of a ditch near the Offices at 136 South West Temple front yard. One of the men in the Factory at 1436 South West Temple

barn, who had often heard and Salt Lake City, Utah killed lions in Mexico, had, upon hearing the cry, immediately identified it as that of a cougar, and being and Fixture Co* much frightened, he and the other men had all climbed into the loft with their bedding. Mr. Balfour

impressed me as a man of great sincerity. familiar he was He said IT COST HOW MUCH WOULDwith of the the hoot big hornedowl and that the scream could not TO REPLACE YOUR HOME?

possibly have come from that bird.

The cry was so loud, so like that The average homeowner today carof a screaming woman that it echoed ries only 40% enough fire insurance. Let us check your

across the canyon, which at that He's thinking backward to what his replacement valof ost, instead property forward to ues for you.point was approximately half a mile

it. cost to REPLACE it would what

wide. All of the negative evidence

one might assemble is overcome by positive testimony of that character, so we are forced to the conclusion UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

that the scream of the mountain lion Heber J. Grant & Co., General Agent Salt Lake City

is rare but frightfully real.

FEBRUARY 1951 127 -w

I

THE LIGHT TOUCH BIND YOUR ERAS FOR 1950

to or to otherwise bind wish Subscribers who preSigned and Sealed of the 1950 volume serve THE ERA IMPROVEMENT is prethat being the index annual informed now are business important suddenly, an and died very Branson Mr. your index receive your sending by pared. You may left unmailed. letter was 50 to ERA, address and IMPROVEMENT THE name for it off, secretary, a passion his had who sending Before

1, enclose St.. Salt Please Utah. City Lake North Main Branson's Mr. postscript detail, below a added explanatory of to cost request cover with threecent your stamp a

signature: postage.

I the above, have died."writing "Since

\S Logan, Utah Best in Class HPhe Improvement Era has become our (one) indispensable magazine with close seconds Relief Society Magazine A little boy, not particularly brilliant or beautiful, came and Children's Friend. Even the ads do not necessarily dehome one day delighted to tell his parents that the teacher

class. his in best the said he was had its tract features. from good

in their basked impressed, he and proud were and They tree fruitful this continue to grow and yield its good May that class doing the been until had they praise asked what fruits.

J. S. Stanford afternoon. Said the lad, somewhat reluctantly: "We were practising

opening our mouths wide."

Wonsan, Korea? Dear Editors:

T have always enjoyed reading the ERA, but since I've been By the Smile out here where I couldn't attend any church services, I have enjoyed it much more. It is a constant source of inspira- A woman got on a streetcar.

tion, and I anxiously await each issue. "Does this car go to Grand Boulevard?"she asked of

The magazine is read by all the members of my division, Clancy the conductor: &

and I have to read it as soon as I get it or by the time I see "Yes,"replied Clancy.?

it again it is all worn out. A few minutes passed. y

upThethe articlesgood work.and stories are getting better all the time. Keep "Are"Yes,"yourepliedsure Clancy.it goes to Grand Boulevard?"&?

Sincerely, "There's no danger we'll go past Grand Boulevard?'

Stan H. Sabin "No,"said Clancy. &

Every five minutes she asked about Grand Boulevard.

"Will you tell me when we're near it?"

November 2, 1950;;Yes."

Dear Editors: "Just how will I know when we get there?"tt f

T feel honored to receive such a wonderful magazine. I am "By the smile on me face, lady."J

* a soldier serving in Korea. It is a wonderful book and

helps me to know what is going on in our wonderful Church.

I look forward to receiving the magazine each month. I hope Taste Tells y

you will continue to put out such a wonderful publication.

Sincerely, Mr. and Mrs. Sam Bottomley had one of those knockPfc. Kenneth Peterson down, dragout arguments.?

she yelled. in the world,""The husband the worst "You're

think I here, they'd was came me, if anybody you treat way

Campinas, Brazil the cook."?

Dear Editors: "Oh, yeah,"growled the husband. "Well, they wouldn't if

'HP for dinner."* hisMENTwillEraacknowledgefor July, August,receipt withand Septemberthanks of The1950 Improveissues. they stayed

I am a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints since July 24, 1947, and so I appreciate very much Proof reading the many good things through this wonderful magazine, and the most important articles I have translated to A couple of newlyweds were returning from their honey- y here. for moon. Portuguese magazine our Church down

off the train, they stepped the bride as said "Darling,"for sending your attention and Thanking you you my best

V that believe been here we've "let's around people wishes, make the I am time."a long Sincerely yours, married

said the groom, "you carry the suitcase.""Okay,"Godoy Noemy

I;

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.!

Tee! the Lift

dur ear

interBlended

STOP AT STATIONS

WHERE YOU SEE THESE SIGNS Winterblended Phillips 66 Gasoline is right for the season..

right for fast starting, smooth acceleration, and thrifty mileage on winter days. Right now it contains extra amounts of quick-?hanP

firing, high test (high volatility) elements—the elements your

engine needs for fullpowered performance in cold weather. So

get a lift... get WinterBlended Phillips 66 Gasoline.

**BICBTM*MMP*& LUBRICATE FOR SAFETY EVERY 1,000 MILES

II Hear Rex Allen and the Sons of the Pioneers every Friday night over C.B.S.

The Far Vision of Youth

Pew experiences can compare with the joys of Scouting in the outof-doors: camping overnight... or climbing to the crest of a high

peak to watch the infinite pattern of mountains and valleys stretch out to the hazy horizon.

There's a comparable satisfaction that we can enjoy in maturity: the mental farsightedness

through which we make our vision of the future secure and complete with a wellplanned Beneficial Life Insurance program.

.'... v.;.

*M

'/'.'v-:'V:';-;;. '

BENEFICIAL L

Insurance f Company George Albert Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah