IMPROVMNT

< Efl, ORGAN OF TH SetfNTY AND YOUKQ MGM5 MUTUAL IMPROI/MRT fl50CIflTI0R3 PUBLISHED BY THE GENERAL BOARD

Joseph F. Smith HeberJ.Grant

Edward H. Anderson busjnessManagei

Editors Alpha J. Higgs

ASSISTANT

"The Glory of God is Intelligence."

1 VOL. XL NOVEMBER, 1907. NO.

"Serve the Lord with gladness: come

before his presence with singing. Know

ye that the Lord he is God: it is he that

hath made ns. and not we ourselves; we

are his people? and the sheep of his pasture. Enter into his gates with thanksgiving, and unto his courts with praise:

he thankful unto him and bless his name.

For the Lord is good: his mercy is everlasting: and his truth endureth to all

generations."—Psalms 100.

ENTERED AT THE POST OFFICE', SALT LAKE CITY, AS 5EC0NDCLASS MAT1ER.

PUBLISHED MONTHLY PHONES 919 *.00 PER ANNUM.

FURNISHINGS GOODS, CLOTHES,KNIT C* A Ipf RrfKLll U3. CoVAJ. VslIUCI VALUES. MODERATE GREATEST

PRICES. Order by Mail. 36 MAIN STREET

Save Money on Clothing It will pay you well to buy your clothes by mail. Send for

our price list of Fall and Winter Clothing for Men and

Boys. Don't waitdo it today.

By ordering Clothing from us by mail you not only make a substantial saving, but you are always certain to secure the latest styles.

It Is dangerous to create public apathy and everything should be done to avoid esBoys'Suits from $2 tablishing such a condition of affairs. The to $13.50.

grasping corporations feel Indifferent to the Men's Suits from wants of the masses, and this has caused $7.50 to $40.them to be denounced most vehemently bythe public, and the recent Insurance exposWe pay postage or

ures have caused a feeling bordering close express charges on onto resentfulness. You will not have occaorders $15 or more.sion to feel that way If we handle your Insurance. We will place your policies with Send us your namecompanies whose business methods are on a postal before

above reproach and which have not been you forget it.

mentioned in the recent revelations that have startled the public. Let us take care

of your Are Insurance, and we will assure you that you will feel satisfied and safe In every respect.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO.

GENERAL INSURANCE 2026 South Main Salt Lake City Y.M.M.I.A. READING COURSE

FOR YOUNG MEN under 18 Both Phones 351. Years of Age.

Tom Browns School Days $.25 Jos* Wm. Taylor Wild Animals I Have Known 2.00

Utah's Leading Undertaker FOR OLDER READERS.

and Licensed Embalmer. The Secret of Achievement 1.50

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, Great Truths - -.25

Show Rooms and Morgue. Silas Marner - -.35

OrncE Open Day and Night. The Strength of Being Clean.50

21, 23, 25 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE ST. Send direct to ERA Office for these SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. books. Money must accompany order.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, Salt Lake City, Utah ESTABLISHED 1889 UTAH COMMERCIAL & SAYINGS BANK CAPITAL $800,000 The STATE BANK

FT. EstablishediaU Lake.1890uu*...i P*r Cent—Interest,on computedSavings Deposits.semiannually KJOFr TTTAHU lA

Commercial Banking in all its HIS bank solicits the accounts of branches. Accounts of Banks and In- i\ banks.firms and individuals, and

dividuals solicited. Customers assured \m extends to such customers every

the best accommodations consistent reasonable courtesy and facility.

with conservative and safe banking.

WM. F. ARMSTRONG. BYRON GROO AnthonJos. F. H.Lund.V.Smith, Prest.Pres. Chas.H.T.McEwan,S Burton,Asst.Cash.Cashier President. Cashier.

*ooooooo-o'noaoaoooc0o: ': '-, "- -.:'-'-::co:oooo"c:".:'j ooooooo*o*ooo*oooaooooaoaooooooooooouocc:. o "#,ooo

Da 8 2* 82 28 82 82 82 23 882 Save82 m-i-ji 1 money |o 28G. 25ao o 28 By buying your Groceries in quantities.

We make special induce- % PRICE ments to families buying

New Witness;i.59 in large quantities.

Life of Joseph Smith 82 Come figure with us toCloth..... $i,

Morocco 2.50 day.

Y. M. M. I. A. Min82

ute Book....25 United Grocery

Y. M. M. I. A. Roll 82

82 82 Book 75 Company Manuals 25 2 Wholesale and Retail 82 ERA, per year. 2.00 '. oa 82 o GROCERS

82 Office, Send to ERA 214 28 Salt23 Building, Templeton Salt Lake City 8282o 82 for books. these City Lake oa

o 8282 28 oe8*2 o: loaoaoaoaoaeaoaoaoaoaoaoaoaoaaaoaoao ''e:: * reoacaoaoaoaoao aoaoaoao*'oooooooooooooooooooooooooo S.:':::::":...: t oaoaoaoaoaoeoaoaoaoaoaoeoaoaoaoaoaq o e - - voooooc

.oaoaoaoaoaoaoaoaoaoaoaoas*om oooooooooo c:;;:; oaoaoaoaoaoaoaoaoa;*D00 31 4 oooo caaaaoaoaoaoacac oaoaoi

28 2882 I "EestUleTorget"821 fialiiday Drug I 1...Company... 1 Who ever heard of the

present courteous, effi82 - President 82 cient telephone service in o;2 James Jack,82 T.S.Hallidat, V.P.&Mgr. 82 i

8282 Jos. 0. Jack, Sec. & Treas. 28 Utah before o

28 8 82 822 Our Stock is New. 82* "The Phone that Talks"BO ooa

23 Prescription depart- 8 introduced it? 82o

| ment is exclusive 8 Are you benefitted? oa82

82 en32 has been and #8 doing your 82* Are you 28 dorsed, byJ*. the med28 to it a greater make 28 share8 in ical. association

2 the highest terms. 2 82 success.''

I Drink floltliz at |28 our elegant fountain 8 I Utah independent 28 ioa telephone Bom pany LOCATION:

2 Between Salt Cake $ | 82 Call 51 and learn all 82 about it...OrpDcum Cfteatro.. || 28 82

o 2882 82 28 - oc joooo oaoaoaoioarSoaoaoaoaoaoaoaoaoaoaoao... aoacaoaoaoaoaoacaoaoaoaoaoaoaoagaoaoaoaoaoaoaoaoaoaaoaooooooooooooooooooo.-oecooooooooocoaocc C9:e:::s:-

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

ARTIFICIAL REFRIGERATION Af MARKET AND SLAUGHTER HOUSE

Palace Meat Market THOS. J. NIPPER, Proprietor

Wholesale and Retail FRESH AND CURED MEATS, FISH, POULTRY AND GAME IN SEASON We carry the largest supply of any market in the west, and everything is properly chilled before serving the customer.

BOTH PHONES

263265 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah

Globe Wernicke Filing Cabinets and Book Cases

Are recognized everywhere as the best. They

are made of the very best wood, and by skilled v orkmen. Convenience and

beauty are their chief characteristics.

H. DinWoGdeij Furniture Go,

SALT LAKE CITY

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

Vol. XI. NOVEMBER. 1907. No. 1

LOST SCRIPTURES.

BY FREDERIC CLIFT, A. B., M. D.

In a previous article* we considered more particularly the history and value of certain historical and alleged scripture writings, which, because of their uncertain origin and authority, have been excluded from the several canons of Sacred Writ. Many of

these writings, however, were read in the public services of the early Church, and in addition were largely quoted from by the ancient Fathers in their theological discussions and treatises. They

became, however, early corrupted by both intentional and unintentional omissions and interpolations; and to such an extent was

this carried, that they are called the Apocryphal, or doubtful,

Scriptures. Many authorities consider them to be absolutely spurious. Modern revelation reveals to the Latterday Saints the fact

that whilst "there are many things contained therein [the Apocrypha] that are true, and it is mostly translated correctly; there

are many things contained therein that are not true, which are interpolations by the hands of men."f In addition to these, however, we have traces of certain "Lost Scriptures"of, as yet, unascertained value, which are liable to be found at any time. Some

* Improvement Era, Vol. X, p. 849, "Apocryphal and Lost Scriptures."

f Doc. and Cov., sec. 91: 1-2.

2 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of them are mentioned or referred to in the commonly accepted books of our Bible, but no recognized or authentic copies are known to exist. Alleged copies of some are claimed by a few

critics to be authentic, but they are not accepted as such by Biblical authorities, even to the extent of being classed as Apocryphal.

Among such "Lost Scriptures"we find the following:

1. Book of the Wars of Jehovah. Nu. 21: 14.

2. Book of Jasher. Jos. 10:13.

3. Book of the Statutes of the Kingdom of Israel. I Sam. 10: 25.

4. Book of Acts of Solomon. I Ki. 11: 41.

5. Book of Chronicles of the Kings of Israel. I Ki. 14: 19.

6. Book of Nathan the Prophet. I Ch. 29: 29.

7. Book of Gad the Seer. I Ch. 29: 29.

8. Book of Ahijah the Prophet. II Ch. 9: 29.

9. Book of Iddo the Seer. II Ch. 9: 29.

10. Book of Shemaiah the Prophet. II Ch. 12: 15.

11. Book of the Story of the Prophet Iddo. II Ch. 13: 22.

12. Book of Jehu. II Ch. 20: 34.

13. Book of the Sayings of the Seers. II Ch. 33: 19.

14. Book of the Story of the Kings. II Ch. 24: 29.

15. A third Epistle of Paul to Corinthians. Not found in N. T. I Cor. 5: 9.

16. A fourth Epistle of Paul to Corinthians. Not found in N. T. II Cor.

2: 3 and 7: 8.

17. A previous Epistle of Paul to Ephesians. Not found in N. T. Eph. 3: 3.

18. A previous Epistle of Paul to Colossians, from Laodicea. Col. 4: 16.

19. A previous Epistle of Jude. Jude. 3.

20. The Prophecy of Enoch. Jude. 14.

21. The many different Writers before Luke. Luke 1: 1-3.

Recalling the history of the Bible, we find that it is composed of a collection of sixtysix books or volumes of scripture. At the

Council of Carthage, 397 A. D., these sixtysix books were held to

be sacred, and inspired by God himself, whilst many others were held to be Apocryphal, doubtful or spurious, and were in consequence rejected by the bishops at that council. All the original

manuscripts of both the accepted and rejected books are lost or destroyed. We are therefore compelled to rely upon copies made

by scribes from the original manuscripts prior to their loss or destruction. This work being done by hand, prior to the discovery

of the art of printing, the mistakes of the transcriber—oftentimes

merely a copyist and not a linguist—whether intentional or otherwise, were perpetuated and added to in the subsequent copies. By

LOST SCRIPTURES. 3

comparing the copies one with another it has been possible to build up certain texts, which have been accepted by Bible students as fairly accurate transcripts of that which the original manuscripts must have contained. All critical translators accept the following

as being the most ancient and reliable copies yet discovered:

1. The Vatican, or Codex "B."This copy is now at Rome,

in the custody of the Western or LatinRoman Church.

2. The Sinaitic, or Codex "Alept."This copy is now at St.

Petersburg, in the custody of the Eastern or GreekRus- sian Church.

3. The Alexandrian, or Codex "A."This copy is now at the

British Museum, London. It is a treasure of the English

or Anglican and Protestant Churches.

The Alexandrian copy was formerly in the possession of Cyrillus, Patriarch of Constantinople. It was by him presented to King

Charles I, of England, in the year 1628, A. D., seventeen years

after the publication of the King James, or Authorized Version of the English Bible, and therefore too late to be of service in the preparation of that translation.

In addition to these standard copies, made in the language in which they were originally written, there are innumerable translations or so called versions, which have been made into the more modern languages of Christendom from the original Hebrew, Syriac, Chaldaic, Greek and other languages. Many of these, as well

as perhaps original manuscripts, were purposely hidden, and being still undiscovered, are classed as "lost scriptures."The reasons

for such concealment are found in the fact that during the several periods of persecution, it was often necessary to hide the Christian

Scriptures, not only for their preservation, but also to conceal evidence which would have been sufficient to send those in possession of them to a martyr's death. Death, however, came to many

who had no opportunity after their arrest to disclose to their associates the hiding places of these sacred treasures. Scientific

research in Egypt and Asia has, however, already led to the recovery of many valuable record?; and, as the hiding place of the

plates of the Book of Mormon was revealed to Joseph Smith by direct revelation, it is reasonable to suppose that God may in his own due time—in like manner—reveal other records, as our necessities may require. The spirit of investigation is abroad among

4 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the peoples of the earth. English, German, French, Americans,

and others, have investigators in the various fields in which Archeological records may be found, and are vieing with one another in their efforts to unfold and obtain a correct estimate of their value.

Some are anxious to establish the tiuth of the sacred historical record, as given to us in the Bible, by accurate and reverent investigation; whilst ethers seek to negative and minimize the confirmatory evidence arising from the cumulative effects of such discoveries, by destructive criticisms. The sustained efforts to recover

the records of the past, from the tombs of Egypt and the libraries of the old eastern monasteries, have resulted in many important discoveries, which tend to establish our belief in the "God of to discredit the theosophical worHeaven"—the "Living God"and

ship of science. Among the records already discovered are fragments of gospels and epistles, which, with more or less evidence

of truth, are alleged to have been written by the associates of our blessed Lord: as also some of more recent date. Further discoveries of inscribed tablets in the ruins of Babylonia, Assyria, etc.,

largely confirm the truth of the history as given to us in the Old

Testament. The Book of Mormon establishes the origin and identity of the American Indian, and in due time, other scriptures may

be brought forth from their hiding places for the encouragement and enlightenment of the children of men. Possibly we, as Latterday Saints, may be negligent along these lines of investigation, and

are not making diligent and prayerful efforts to obtain the further records, which we know to exist, of the Jaredites, the Nephites, old time inhabitants of this continent.and the Lamanites—the

Following, however, in the footsteps of those who have already done so much for the recovery of the records of the ar cient people of Asia, the way is being opened for scientific exploration of the buried cities and prehistoric ruins of America. The University of

Chicago has had an exploring party in the Asiatic field of archeology for several years. The University of Utah, as also the

Brigham Young University, have seemingly adopted the idea of, "explore Asia if you will, but explore America first, "by sending exploring parties to the southeastern portions of Utah, and through

Mexico and Central America, to the northern portion of South

America, with the most promising results.

LOST SCRIPTURES. 5

In Palenque, Chiapas, Copan, Quiragna, Izamal, Uxmal,

ChichenItza, and other ancient cities of the Mayas, Toltecs, and

Aztecs in Central America and Mexico, are to be found temples, palaces, statues and basreliefs, strikingly similar to, and rivalling in beauty and splendor, those of Egypt, Babylon, Assyria, Media and Palestine. Where are the "Lost Records or Scriptures"of the

people who built these cities?

Le Plongeon, a noted explorer and author tells us:

The country known today as Yucatan, one of the states of the Mexican confederacy, may indeed be justly regarded by the ethnologist, the geologist, the naturalist, the philologist, the archeologist, and the historian, as a most interesting field of study. Its area of 73,000 square miles, covered with dense forests, is

literally strewn with the ruins of numerous antique cities, majestic temples, stately palaces, the work of learned architects, now heaps of debris, crumbling under the inexorable tooth of time, and the impious hand of iconoclastic collectors of relics for museums. Among these the statutes of priests and kings, mutilated and defaced by the action of the elements, the hand of time and that of man, lie prostrate in the dust. Walls covered with basreliefs, inscriptions and sculptures

carved in marble, containing the panegyrics of rulers, the history of the nation, its cosmogonical traditions, the ancient religious rites and observances of its people, inviting decipherment, attract the attention of the traveler. * * * *

Now mark Le Plongeon's statement as to the whereabouts of their "Lost Records:"

At the time of the invasion of the country by the turbulent and barbaric

Nahutals, the books containing the record of the ancient traditions of the history of past ages, from the settlement of the Peninsula by its primitive inhabitants, had been carefully hidden {and have so remained to this day) by the learned philosophers and the wise priests who had charge of the libraries, in the temples and colleges, in order to save the precious volumes from the hands of the barbarous tribes from the west. These, entering the country from the south, came spreading

ruin and destruction. They destroyed the principal cities: the images of the

heroes, of the great men, of the celebrated women that adorned the public squares and edifices. This invasion took place in the year 522 or thereabout of the Chris,

tian era—according to the opinion of modern computators. *

Joseph Smith, the inspired Prophet of God, fixes this date in the following statement-:

More than four hundred and twenty years have passed away since the sign was given of the coming [birth] of Christ, t

* Queen Moo and The Egyptian Sphinx, by Augustus Le Plongeon, Intro, p. 27. t Book of Mormon. Moroni 10: 1. Helaman 14: 4.

Dr. Le Plongeon is not a follower of Joseph Smith, and does

not believe in his divine mission, or in the inspiration of the Book of Mormon. He refuses to recognize Joseph Smith as a competent

"modern computator."He, however, spent many years in excavating and uncovering the secret chambers, and the many

mysteries of these cities. He, today, asserts and believes that the

records and history of these prehistoric peoples were "hidden by their philosophers and priests,"but he fails to recognize the hand of God, and although a forerunner in the work of archeological research, it was not given to him to bring these records forth.

The Lord's work, however, is not to be hindered by the unwillingness of men to recognize his divine power. Where, then, are we

to look for these hidden records? Our Father will indicate the

place, for when—the ''times and seasons"according to his "determinate counsel and foreknowledge"shall have been fulfiled

he will sweep aside the barriers, which now prevent a thorough examination of the tombs and monuments of departed races; and

the very stores will cry out and declare the power of the Most

High. He who runs may read the history of the primitive races

of this country, not only as found in the buried cities of Yucatan, but also in the hieroglyphics blazened on the rocks of Utah and the other pristine abodes of a yet almost unknown people. As the

miner has faith, and in consequence of that faith seeks for the gold and precious metals of the earth, so let us have the necessary faith to seek for knowledge, in the historic relics of the past—the

buried cities of this continent—knowing well that archeological

and scientific investigation will confirm the truth in part disclosed to us in the Book of Mormon. Geology forces the scientist to recognize conditions which can be readily accounted for by the happening of the event known to Biblical readers as the flood. Ethnological facts compel these same men to acknowledge a scattering of the people and a confounding of their language; as also

that where these scattered families have further separated themselves and filled up the vacant places of the earth, they have carried with them in their several languages a common stock or root.

A comparison of the Maya letters or symbols with those of the

Chaldaic, Arabic, Hebrew and Egyptian languages, indicates to Le

Plongeon's satisfaction that the Maya race possesses this root of a

LOST SCRIPTURES. 7

common language. Today, archeology compels the scientist to

acknowledge that the already discovered relics of the Mayas of

Yucatan, indicate their Asiatic origin, whilst Le Plongeon suggests and seeks to prove,—from the fact that the civilization of Egypt

colonized fromsprung up suddenly, as in a night,—that Egypt was

America by these same Mayas under the leadership of Queen Moo of Yucatan, and that the Maya race were already in possession of the highest arts of civilization. These facts, and the inferences to

be derived therefrom, show that during the past fifty years the belief has taken root, and that there is now a general concensus of opinion in favor of the theory, that the American Indian is of

Asiatic origin. On the other hand, what has Theology to say in

regard to the Ethnological origin of these, our "Native Races?"

The Bible tells us that after the flood—"in his [Peleg's] days was

the earth divided"*—"and the whole earth was of one language

and of one speech and it came to pass as they journeyed in the east, * * Jehovah said * * come, let us go down and there confound their language, that they may not understand one another's speech.

So Jehovah scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of all the earth."f We also read, in certain miraculously recovered

Scriptures which, had been hidden or lost, that at the time this that one of them namedtook place there were two brothers—and

highly favored of theJared requested the other—a man Lord—to

1 'cry unto the Lord that he will not confound us that we may not understand our words."$ The Lord granted their request and

allowed them and their families to keep together, and promised to bless them and their seed. It is stated that they traveled northward, and "that the Lord did go before them and did talk with

them,"and that they "did build barges in which they did cross many waters, being directed continually by the hand of the Lord;"

and that they came "forth even unto the land of promise which was choice above ail other lands. "This "Lost Record"of Jared,

who lived about 2,200 B.C., also relates the history of certain other

* Gen. 10: 25, Amer. Rev., 1901.

t Gen. 11: 1-8, Amer. Rev., 1901.

X Book of Mormon. Ether, Chap. 1: 34.

\ Book of Mormon. Ether 2: 5-7.

8 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

families, who left Jerusalem in Asia, and came to this continent of America some 600 years before the birth of Christ. It describes

their cities, habits of life, and their wars. It also gives the name

of the founder and the origin of the beautiful buildings, palaces and temples, described by Le Plongeon, as follows:

And it came to pass that King Noah built many elegant and spacious buildings; and he ornamented them with fine work of wood, and of all manner of precious things, of gold, and of silver, and of iron, and of brass, and of ziff, and of

copper; and he also built him a spacious palace, and a throne in the midst thereof, all of which was of fine wood, and was ornamented with gold and silver, and

with precious things. And he also caused that his workmen should work all manner of fine work within the walls of the temple, of fine wood, and of copper, and

of brass. * * * And it came to pass that he caused many buildings to be built

in the land Shilom; and he caused a great tower to be built on the hill north of

the land Shilom, which had been a resort for the children of Nephi, at the time they fled out of the land.*

These recent explorers repudiate the idea that they consulted this ''Lost Record,"when they prepared their account of these cities and dwelling places of the Mayas, Toltecs and Aztecs.

Nevertheless, the chief facts of the "record"are found to accord with the conditions found to exist today: and although these records confirm their scientific discoveries, they are declared by the

wise and learned to have been a pure invention and fraudulent, chiefiy on the ground that Joseph Smith claimed to have received them in a miraculous manner, as also, mirabile dictu, to have translated them under Divine inspiration. But whether miraculous

or not, many of the most important facts of this record were unknown to the scientific men of 18281830, although known to

Joseph Smith and by him published in 1830.

"Hath not God made foolish the wisdom of this world?"f

"Therefore, behold, I will again do a marvelous work among this people, even a marvelous work and a wonder, and the wisdom of their wise men shall perish, and the understanding of their prudent men shall be hid. "$ Can it be urged with any degree of

reason, that this ignorant boy could have invented and published

* Book of Mormon. Mosiah 11: 8-13.

t I Cor. 1:20.

% Isa. 29: 14; Amer. Kev., 1901.

LOST SCRIPTURES. 9

not merely -one, but a number or series of historical facts which archeological and otherfifty years or more after his death,—by

scientific research,—are found to be absolutely true and correct?

It is incredible, and those who are willing to probe into all the circumstances are driven to accept the fact that the records are true, and that Joseph Smith the uneducated youth must have been inspired when he made the translation of the recovered records. Consider, the Maya letters and symbols were at the time,—1830,—unknown, but a transcript of

a portion of the Book of Mormon records having been submitted to Professor Anthon, a philologist of repute, he reported that the letters or symbols of that record resembled Chaldaic, Assyriac,

Egyptian and Arabic characters. What a coincidence that these

selfsame letters and symbols of the record should be similar to those since found by Le Plongeon to have been used by the of the reMayas. What does the record itself say?—Nephi, one

corders writes: "I make a reord in the language of my father,

which consists of the learning of the Jews and the language of the

Egyptians."* Another of the writers, Mormon, after whom the

record is named, says, "And now behold, we have written this record according to our knowledge in the characters, which are called among us the reformed Egyptian, being handed do vn and altered by us, according to our manner of speech. And if our

plates had been sufficiently large,we should have written in Hebrew;

but the Hetrew hath been altered by us also, "f This interesting question in philology is only one of many others which has to be explained by the scientist, if Joseph Smith was a fraud, and not an inspired translator of the record. The recovery of the ''Lost

Records"is in accord with our Father's providential dealings with his children. He has been a revealer of secrets by the mouth of

his holy prophets since the world began: and in the recovery of a

of Mormon,portion of those relating to this continent—the Book

we see only the fulfilment of the promises relating to these latter days. He has declared that this American continent was the home

of our first parents. Is it impossible or incredible? Wherein lay

* Book of Mormon. I Nephi 1: 1-2. Mosiah 1: 2-6.

t Book of Mormon. Mormon 9: 3233 and notes.

10 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the superiority of the Eastern hemisphere, that we should doubt the word of God? The Bible nowhere indicates the location of

Paradise, except by general reference to geographical names such as Euphrates, etc.; these names being used since the Noachian

dispensation to indicate certain places in Asia, which might just as readily refer to the Missouri and other known American locations. Seme of the early Church Fathers expressed the belief

that their ancestors came from a far off country in the West; but

the idea was lost sight of, and was not clothed with any kind of reality until after Joseph Smith had declared such to be the case.

If Joseph was the clever fraud that some would have us believe, he surely missed the mark, it seems to me, when he asserted himself to be a Prophet of God, and the recipient of angelic visitations, and thus placed himself in the one position of all others in which he would be hated of all men. He should have posed as a

scientist, an ethnologist, or archeologist—an Agnostic or Unitarian, and, as such, been acclaimed a wise man instead of a fraud.

If Tyndale, Huxley, Ingersoll, Payne, Darwin and others had advanced their theories in the name or under a religious sanction, some of them would probably have been hounded to death. On the

other hand, the flag of infidelity, coupled with his admittedly wonderful gifts, would have carried Joseph Smith to the highest pinnacle of fame, if he had been other than a believer in the power and desire of God to reveal himself to his children. Science has

no doubt led to the discovery of many of the secrets of the past history of the nations; if, however, it be coupled with the Divine

blessings, there is no reason to doubt but that men will be led to discoveries which will far exceed any yet made. One of the most

recent and notable is that of Brugech Bey, the great Egyptologist, who has found an inscription, telling how the Nile failed to rise for seven years in succession about 1700 years before the

Christian Era, and how that a long and terrible famine was the consequence. Now, B. C. 1700 is the date recognized as the

beginning of the "seven lean years,"suffered by the land of

Pharaoh after the king had dreamt of them, and Joseph had expounded his dream. Nothing is so astonishing and so calculated

to establish our faith, as the confirmation, bit by bit, of the Sacred

LOST SCRIPTURES. 11

Scriptures through the enterprise of explorers and excavators, and the perseverance of our scholars.

It is part of the belief of the Latterday Saints, as I view it, that it is necessary for God's children to put forth every effort to help themselves before they return to him emptyhanded. We know

that, as fathers and mothers, we sometimes place slight obstacles in the way of our children, or give them somewhat difficult lessons in order to draw out their capabilities, and thus give opportunities for instruction. When the lesson has been learnt, the burden is

removed, and a free gift of that which has been earnestly sought for, often follows. As the heavenly is a pattern of the earthly, we

may draw the conclusion that when our Father in heaven finds us willing to follow his lead, he gives us all that we ask for, and frequently something more.

May it not be our duty to seek for the "Lost Records, or

Scriptures"of the forefathers of the native races of this country, the Jaredites, the Nephites, and the Lamanites? Dr. Le Plongeon

tells us they will be found "carefully hidden by the learned philosophers and the wise priests,"and that they will be recovered from the "ruins of numerous antique cities, majestic temples, stately palaces, now heaps of debris, crumbling under the inexorable tooth of time."This offers a tempting field to the believer in the

Book of Mormon. Further investigation will, in the good time of

the Father, disclose the dwelling place of the Ten Tribes in Arsareth and put us in possession of the additional scriptures which have been given to them, during their sojourn there, apart and separated from thmr brethren. The vision showing the conditions

connected with their future return should be of interest to the

Saints: "Then dwelt they there until the latter time; and now

when they shall begin to come, the Highest shall stay the springs of the stream again, that they may go through; therefore sawest

thou the multitude with peace. But those that be left behind of

thy people are they that are found within my borders. Now when

he destroyeth the multitude of the nations that are gathered together, he shall defend his people that remain. And then shall he

show them great wonders."*

* IIEsdras 13:4650.

12 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The records of the past, I believe, are within our grasp, perhaps within our very view, if we had but the eye of faith. When

we have diligently done all that we can, and lived in full practice ''times and seasons"of of the scriptures we already have, and the the Father are fulfilled, then further records will doubtless be in the case of the Book of forthcoming—miraculously, perhaps, as

of his enemies and the advancement Mormon—for the confounding

of his work. Until the Father directs our course of action, let us

all strive to so educate our minds and bodies that we may fit ourselves for the toil and labor incident to the great work connected with the opening up of these treasures when God shall "show great wonders."A concluding paper on this subject will be entitled "A Third

Epistle of St. Paul to the Corinthians,"as found in the Armenian

Bible.

Provo, Utah.

THE STORM GOD-

(For the Improvement Era.)

There cometh with lowering brow,

Out from the gates of the west,

The awful god of storms Filled with a great unrest.

When he roars his stern commands,

The echo shakes the hills;

When he hurls his javelins of fire,

Man's heart with terror thrills.

Beneath his ''Juggernaut car, '

The forest kings bow down, He lays in waste the fields, He leaves in ruin the town.

He laughs at the might of men,

And scorns their puny power, And the patient work of years,

He levels in an hour.

He driveth his steeds—the winds,

O'er mountain, valley and sea,

Then turns to his home in the skies,

And earth from his reign is free.

Salt Lake City, Utah. Maud Baggarley.

THE THOUGHTS OF A FARMER.

BY DR. JOSEPH M. TANNER.

I—FARM LIFE.

Being a farmer, I would like to tell your readers something about a farmer's life and a farmer's philosophy. Farmers are

really philosophers, and have theories about life which perhaps most of them are too timid to express. You know, the classification of society changes. In ancient Rome the merchant belonged

to the inferior type. Today, in America, he is at the top, especially if he makes money. In Russia, a man who tills the soil is a

mujik, an object of pity; in France he is a peasant, a man with a

hoe, a degenerated specimen of a higher type that once existed; in

America he, is a farmer, and he really prefers to be called a farmer, though there are many who are trying with commendable zeal to uplift his profession and call him an agriculturist.

Now the business of farming, however scientific it becomes, should really make a man a farmer. But someone will ask me,

What is the real difference between a farmer and an agriculturist?

Sometime ago I read a joke, which like many jokes tell the truth in a fascinating way, and that, too, without offense. Someone was

asked what the difference was between an agriculturist and a farmer. The reply which contained both wit and philosophy was that

an agriculturist is a man who makes his money in the city and goes on a farm to spend it, while a farmer is a man who makes his money on the farm and goes into the city to spend it. The gist

of the answer really was that the farmer is the man who does things, while the agriculturist talks and experiments. It took us

farmers a long time to pronounce correctly the word, agriculturist, and when we became slightly familiar with such exalted language, 14 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

arethe modern agriculturist created for* us a new difficulty. We

now, if you please, agronomists.

My neighbor is a farmer. He was once a school teacher. He

uses good English, reads the newspapers, and is abreast current events. What makes him an interesting man is the fact that he

can do things. He says that his father was a farmer, a successful

farmer, that his father really enjoyed farm life, and that he himself really likes work on the farm, because he inherited a desire to do things, and that after all there is more pleasure in doing than most people imagine. He says he likes to talk, but finds there is

more real joy in what he does than in what he says, when he is doing and saying things that are proper and good.

I am told that some boys stick up their noses at the idea of farming. Now I suspect that such boys are guilty of a folly of

that kind, not because they really know what farming means, but there is nothing above their noses to keep them down, and that they would rise anyhow. You know there are some people who can

stick up their noses without much effort.

The life of the farmer is changing, When modern methods and the improvements that come along with civilized life made themselves felt on the farm, and especially when they made moneymaking on the farm easy, people began to have more respect for the occupation. Today the farmer is sometimes greatly in need

coupled with the willingness and theof intelligence—intelligence

ability to do things, and to do things at the right time. The man

who is successful on the farm is the man who is full of plans, who thinks, and then works to his plans and materializes his thoughts.

When our young men really learn to appreciate the reward which the farming of the future will bestow upon its devotees, they will take more kindly to the work. Old fashioned farming will then

be a thjng of the past, just as old fashioned school teaching, old fashioned mechanics, and old fashioned merchants, are passing away.

I wonder how many of our boys have heard of what certain men are doing on the farm in the southern part of Cache valley, what some ambitious beet growers are yearly adding to their stock of wealth. It would pay a young man to visit Bishop Farrell of

Smithfield and accept his hospitality for a week. A pilgrimage to

THE THOUGHTS OF A FARMER. 15

Juab bench to see the Grace Brothers and the Paxmans would be remunerative. A winter in the school room with Dr. Widtsoe to

the young man who possesses energy and intelligence would be the guarantee of a good future income. There are, today, perhaps,

more openings on the farm, in stockraising, fruitraising, as well as in the cultivation of grain, than in any other occupation open to the youth of our country.

Then, the farm is a source of real pleasure that no other occupation in life gives. It is peculiarly the occupation of pleasure

FARM FAVORITES.

in that it guards young men against so many ailments that tell against their happiness in other work. The man on the farm has

rareV any quarrel with his stomach. His sleep is never disturbed

except when he finds it necessary to get up unusually early. The

farm offers no temptation to exaggerate, and it teaches dailv the virtue of telling the truth. It is quite impossible on the farm to

make things appear other than what they really are!

16 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Besides the good health which the farm gives, it is ODe of the best expounders of true religion, and it promotes faith in the heart of the conscientious man who tills the soil. There is ever

present the thought that whatever he may do, God must give the increase. Sometimes a man becomes indifferent, sometimes uninterrupted, harvests diminish the trustful and hopeful reliance in

a Providential care. Then a drought ccmes; a hail storm pays

him a visit; then he sits down amidst the ruins of his disappointments to reflect upon the uncertainties of life and the necessity of

a heartfelt preparation to meet them.

But the farm also makes a man a philosopher, provided, of course, he ever reflects. In the articles to follow, I would

like to tell my young readers about the philosophy of the farm.

They may think a farmer is not much of a philosopher because he does not read all the time. But reading all the time is one of the

things which keeps many of our young people from thinking part of the time. If many read less and thought more, they would

build up about their lives a philosophical aspect to things. A farmer's philosophy may not always meet the requirements of a

logician; it does something better than that, however, it meets the

requirements of his own individual life. The farmer may get a

philosophy that is practically good, even if it be not always theoretically correct. The philosophy that goes beyond the comprehension

of the ordinary man may be the delight of the scholar, but it does not afford any real guide for the working principles of life. Farm

life encourages serious and helpful reflections. How I think, and

what I think, while at work on the farm, will be, if the editor finds no objection, the subjects of a number of articles entitled, The

Thoughts of a Farmer.

(to be continued.)

Alberta, Canada.

REWARDS.

I say to you that there are rewards which are unknown to him who seeks only what he regards as the substantial ones. The best of all is the pure joy of service. To do things that are worth doing, to be in the thick of it, ah! that is to

live.—Secretary Wm. H. Taft.

,ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY.

BY NEPHI ANDERSON, AUTHOR OF "ADDED UPON,""THE CASTLE

BUILDER,"ETC.

I.

GETTING "WET OVER."

It looked as if it might rain any minute. One of the elders was

fearful that it would, the other that it would not. If the v, ater

from the black overhanging clouds come down in actual drops instead of in a fine misty drizzle, why, of course, the street meeting would have to be abandoned,—and this is what Elder

Willard Dean half prayed in his heart would happen.

I said "half prayed"because there was a struggle in the mind of the young man. He was a newly arrived elder, having been in

England only a few weeks. He had accompanied Elder Walter

Donaldson, his companion, to a number of street meetings, but as yet, he had not been required to take part in them to any great extent. This evening his companion had intimated that it was time

he was testing his voice in the open, and this is the reason why the young man walked with fear and trembling throughout the crowded street.

The streets of an English manufacturing city are usually crowded on Saturday evening. The mills have closed early; the

young men and women have been home, have had their "tea,"have changed their work garments to cleaner ones, and are now promenading the streets, enjoying the freedom of the open. They

are a happy, merry crowd, exchanging greetings and banterings as they pass and repass, the girls ahead linked arm in arm, the young men following.

18 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

This Saturday evening, in this particular English city of Bradford, there appeared to be an unusually large crowd. The weather

had been wet all week, but now the clouds had lifted for a few hours, the sun had shone for a few minutes through the murky, yellow mist, and these favorable tokens had, no doubt, brought out the people. However, the clouds had again lowered, and the rain

was once more threatening.

The young "Mormon"elders pushed themselves carefully through the crowd, looking for a good corner on which to hold a meeting. Here, certainly, were people enough, to form an audience

but these were not the kind that stopped and listened to a street preacher; besides, the police would not allow a blockade in the principal thoroughfares; they, therefore, went on to a part of the city

less densely packed.

Elder Dean slipped his hand into his campanion's arm as they walked along. He looked up to the sky, then at the mass of the

humanity around him, and then into the face of Elder Donaldson;

but in none of these did he find any hope of relief for the task that was before him. How could he stand out there on the pavement and raise his voice so that people would stop and listen to

him! If they would only not stop nor listen, it might not be so bad,

but likely, some at least would. They would look closely into his

face, and listen carefully to every stammering word that he would utter. They would see his nervous, awkward manner, they would

mark well his faltering speech. Oh, if it would only rain!

Willard Dean clasped his friend's arm tighter, and drew up closer. "Brother,"said he, "don't call on me tonight. I feel as

though I can't do it."

''But you must begin sometime, you know, and this evening is as good a time as any. Brace up, my boy, and trust in the

Lord.""Yes, I know, but you can't conceive how I feel—

"Can't I? I haven't forgotten my first experience in London.

But, Brother, let me assure you, it is not so bad as it appears.

There is really nothing to fear. An English crowd will hurt no

one.""It isn't that, at all. I'm afraid of myself more than the

people."Drawn by Denzil Long for the Era.

'Yes, I am a 'Mormon,'"shouted Willard Dean, "and I am not ashamed of it."

20 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"Listen,"said Elder Donaldson, ''do you remember when as boys we went swimming?"

"Yes.""Well, you remember what a time it was to wet over. We

would stand on the bank shivering and hesitating, afraid of the cold water. A shower of water from someone splashing in the

creek was not very pleasant; but once we plunged bravely in and

got well wet over, everything was all right and swimming was great fun. Well, this missionary work is very much like that.

An eMer must get 'wet over'and keep 'wet over'or he is in misery all the time. Here is a good ccrner for a meeting."

Elder Donaldson stepped out from the pavement a short distance into a bystreet where he would not be interfering with the traffic. He took his hymn book from his pocket and began looking for something to sing. While he was thus occupied, Elder

Dean came and stood by him. The crowd became merely a blur to

him. He thought that as a boy and even as a young man he had

been called upon to do some unpleasant duties, but none could equal this one. What was praying in Sunday School, lecturing in

Mutual, ward teaching, or chopping wood for the ward widows, compared with this! The young man fairly trembled as his companion raised his voice in a song, in which he was expected to

join.

The men were fairly good singers, but this evening they seemed to be out of both tune and time. People were attracted

more by the disharmony than by the music. The street was well

lighted by the lamps in the shop windows, and the missionaries could plainly see the grin on many of the faces of their listeners.

Just before the close of the second stanza, something went wrong.

The tune come to its natural and proper end, but there were more words to come in the song, and so there was a very bad mix up. However, Elder Donaldson announced the purpose of

their visit on the streets of the city, and then he offered a short prayer.

By this time quite a number of people had gathered. Elder

Donaldson spoke on the first principles of the gospel, and he was listened to quite attentively. When he closed, he took his hat

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. 21

from his companion and said to him, "All right, bear your testimony."

The young man bared his head and stepped out into the circle.

At that moment a number of men stopped, and then pushed their way to the inner circle where they stood listening. The young

missionary had not spoken many words before one of these men shouted directly at him:

"You are a liar!"

Willard Dean was born and reared in Western. America, where

no man calls another a liar unless he stands ready to back it up by the power of his fists, or at times with weapons more deadly. Willard Dean suddenly awoke from his frightened stupor. The words

stung him. They cleared his brain, and the muscles of his limbs

became tense.

Elder Donaldson gripped his arm tightly and said, "Go on, pay no attention to that fellow.

The young man tried to continue his speaking, but the man in the crowd shouted again, "You are lying! You are 'Mormons'

from Utah, coming here to steal away our women. These men

are 'Mormons,'"he said turning and addressing himself to the crowd. "Yes, I am a 'Mormon,'"shouted Willard Dean, "and I am not ashamed of it."

"You ought to be,"came from a woman in another part of the crowd. "Let the young man talk,"spoke up a third person.

"He lies, he lies,"shouted the first interrupter. "I know

these 'Mormons'and their devilish ways. Beware of them, people."

Willard Dean was about to step across the short space which separated him from his accuser, but his companion stopped him.

"Let me hit him,"he pleaded, "let me hit him just once!"

"Hush, you musn't. Let me talk to the people."

But they had heard the young preacher's remark, and some of them shouted:

"'E want's to fight. 'E's a fine preacher, e is."

Then there came a rush which nearly carried the elders off their feet. A party of anti-"Mormons"had planned to break up

the meeting, and they were succeeding. Elder Donaldson had all

22 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

he could do to prevent his companion from entering into the thick of the melee and "laying out"a few of them.

"Come,"said the wiser one, "we must get out of this crowd."

"What! run away from these cowards? Not at all."

"'E want's to fight,"someone again shouted, "poke his bloody

'ed."There was another rush and the elders were in danger of being roughly handled. Willard Dean had thought it hard to face

a strange crowd as a preacher, but he found it still harder to remain cool and nonresistive when a lot of cowardly men and boys were insulting him by both words and blows.

The elders got away and walked along the street. The

crowd had now become a mob, and spurred on by the anti- ''Mormons,"they followed the men, hooting and jeering at them and pelting them with what street refuse they could gather.

"Do we have to stand all this?"asked Wilbrd.

"Yes; they'll not hurt us; a rotten egg makes no bruises,

and we can wash off the mud. Come on."

, "But it huts terribly—inside!"

Elder Donaldson only laughed.

"Shall we go to our lodging?"asked Willard.

"No; we will board the first car which comes. That is the

best thing to do to get away from a mob like this."

In a few minutes they jumped on a passing car. The mob did

not care to pay a penny for the pleasure of tormenting them further, so they were safe. When they surveyed one another

they found that they had escaped easily. The few sticks and

stones had done no damage, and the mud was soon removed.

At the end of a ten minutes'ride they alighted from the car.

They stood looking at each other, and Elder Donaldson laughed heartily. "Is this a laughing matter?"asked Dean.

"Well, isn't it?"

'1 guess it is,"replied his companion after a pause. Then

he continued:

"You usually hold two meetings each evening, don't you?"

"Yes, usually. Do you want another tonight?"

"Most certainly. I'm getting wet over. Do you think that

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. 23

because those sneaking fellows back there have thrown water on me that I shall back out and not complete the operation? Not at all.

Let's go and hold another meeting. We are at least a mile from

the mob, and they'll not disturb us, do you believe?"

"No; they will not, but others may."

"Let's try it, then. I believe I'm wet over, already."

"Well, I believe you are, too,"

They chose a corner where not so many people were passing, and there they began another meeting. The rain cloud still hung

threateningly over the city, and now Elder Dean's wish that it would not rain was not divided. The time was nearing nine o'clock, but

there were a good many people out, and there would be, until midnight.

They sang a hymn, with better success this time. Elder Donaldson prayed. Then Brother Dean stepped out into the small

circle that had gathered. He began quietly, as if he were explaining some gospel principle to a Sunday school class in a small room.

He did not need to speak loudly to be heard. People stopped and

listened to the earnest young man, and soon there was a goodsized company. The speaker raised his voice as the audience increased.

Such freeiom of speech had never come to Willard Dean before.

Thoughts came freely, and they were uttered in apt and easy words. The truth of the message which he was bearing to his

fellow men came forcibly to him, and his testimony grew strong.

All fear left him now, and he felt as if he was not only master of himself but of any situation that might arise.

Presently someone on the outskirts of the crowd made an interruption.

Elder Dean paused. "Friend, do not disturb the meeting,

he said. ''If you have any questions to ask, we shall be pleased

to answer them when we are through."

But this did not satisfy one man in the crowd. There came

to be considerable confusion, and Elder Donaldson suggested to his companions that they would better close the meeting.

"No,"said Elder Dean, "not yet;"and then he stepped out

into the open and nearer to the people. The young man drew

himself to his full height and stood silently looking at the crowd.

Tall he was, with broad, straight shoulders. His bushy, brown

24 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

hair showed signs of the recent scramble. His face, though

smooth and round and boyish, no# beamed with light, and a determined purpose shone from it.

The confusion continued, but there was no effort to push the elders off. Those nearest to Willard Dean, and who stood as silent as he, bad no desire to get closer.

Willard now began to feel that if he was to win, he would have to receive strength from a higher Power than his own; and

only a few moments, but it seemed aas he stood there—it was

for power to subdue, and to conquer.long time to him—he prayed

A feeling came to him that there were some in that assembly who were seeking after the truth. In all fairness, such ought to have

the opportunity to hear it.

Standing at one side of the crowd, and looking intently at the young missionary, was a little elderly woman dressed in black.

She carried a basket on her arm, in which were her Saturday evening purchases. Willard, in turning, caught sight of this

woman, and something in her face attracted him. There was a

striking resemblance in the woman's features to those of his mothin faroff Utah, who had sent him out with herer,—his mother

love and blessing. Then it came to him as a flash: his mother was

an Englishwoman, and she had come, when a young woman, from this very city. The thought inspired him. He stepped up to the

little woman that had attracted him and began to speak to her.

As he did not speak loudly, those near them who were eager to hear were compelled to listen attentively. In this way the circle of

quietness grew, until in a few minutes practically all the people were listening to the conversation which was taking place.

"Good woman,"said Willard to the figure in black, with pale

I left sixface, "you remind me of my mother—the mother that

thousand miles from here to bring a glad message to you."

"Be you from 'Moimonia?'"asked she with an inquiring tone.

"I am from Utah, in America,"he replied.

"You are a 'Mormon?'"

"Yes.""Well, where the 'Mormons'live is 'Mormonia/ isn't it?"

"I never heard it called that before,"said he.

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. 25

Then he turned again to the listening people, and raising his voice so that all could hear distinctly, he said:

''Friends, this good woman reminds me of my mother. My

mother is an Englishwoman, and came from this very town. Sonn

of the older people may know her and her parents. In her girlhood she worked in your mills,—very likely one of these near at

hand. Shc went to Utah many years ago, but she remembers her

native country yet, and loves it and its people. Said she to me

before I left her: 'My boy, when you get to the old country you

true,will find many things that are strange to you'—that's

friends. 'You will find that very many will not listen to you or

your message, but this you will find among all Englishmen—a love

of fair play. They may not always treat you kindly, but they will

usually treat you fairly.'Friends, I want my mother's words to

come true. My brother and I have been chased by a mob in the

streets of this city this very evening. There is no fair play about

that. I want to think that that experience is only an exception

to the general rule, and that you, gentlemen, are the Englishmen of whom my mother spoke, whom she knew in her younger days love fair play."—Englishmen who

By this time a good many people had stopped and were listento the young man. A murmur of applause greeted his appeal to

them. As it was becoming late, the traffic of the city grew smaller,

and therefore the distracting noises fewer. The rain clouds hung

low, and already a little fine rain began to fall. However, neither

preacher nor audience seemed to pay heed to it.

Elder Dean, referring again to his mother, told them of her experiences in emigrating to America, and of the hardships endured in settling its wild western country. "What was all this

for?"he asked. "I will tell you. It was for the love of the gospel of Jesus Christ, and that she might be with the people of her

own faith. Her own kindred had cast her out, because she had

followed the convictions of her heart; and so she said to her fellow believers, with Ruth of old: 'Intreat me not to leave thee, or

to return from following after thee: for whither thou goest I will

go; and where thou lodgest I will lodge: thy people shall be my

people, and thy God my God.'So she went with them to America,

and to Utah. And she has prospered over there. She loves her

26 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

native land yet, and I, her son, feel as if you, my friends, were part of my kin. My heart goes out towards this great

nation,where the gospel has found so many noble men and women, and where I feel there are many yet who are looking for more of the truth than they can find in the conflicting creeds of the day."He spoke to them briefly of the restoration of the gospel

by angel visits to the Prophet Joseph Smith, and then closed by bearing his testimony. The rain was falling faster now, and at

the close of Elder Donaldson's brief prayer of dismissal the people hurriedly dispersed.

There was no chance to give out any literature in such weather, so the men walked homeward in the rain, which now came pelting down. For a while Elder Dean was so unconscious of it

that he failed to raise his umbrella.

"Elder Dean,"said his companion, "it seems to me that you are not only wet over, but wet through. Put up your umbrella."

"It was glorious,"replied the other, as he did what he was told. "And. dear brother, I (vant to keep not only wet overall

the time, but wet through and through."

(to be continued.)

Salt Lake City, Utah.

AUTUMN.

{For the Improvement Era.)

Vibrates the air with a singular thrill

Fairies and brownies ar roaming at will

Purling and winding, the rills run below;

Above, the sun sheds an ambient glow

O'er mountain and valley, cascade and stream;

Dallies sweet nature as if in a dream.

'Twixt summer and winter, she scarcely knows how

To adorn her proud form or garland her brow.

Lo! she has chosen; her robe is of brown,

With festoons of crimson and thistledown.

Golden her crown, while emeralds are seen

Peeping forth from her tresses—beautiful queen

Breathless we gaze; e'en the trees at her call

Tremble and flutter, and let their leaves fall

To weave her a rug of exquisite design,

To spread from the sea to the odorous pine,

Where sometimes she sits overlooking the land,

And beats back the storms with her magical wand.

Salt Lake City, Utah. Ruth M. Fox.

PREEXISTENCE.

BY CHARLES H. WHITE.

The world today is in darkness concerning this great principle of divine truth. Even among those of Christian belief there is but

little known where we, as human beings, originated. The quesprior to coming totion is often asked—Did we have an existence

this earth? and if so, what was the nature of the existence?

Today there is a philosophy among the religious sects which teaches that there is within each being a substance that is immortal. This substance is designated by many writers of goo'd authority as spirit, and is described as the thinking, feeling, intelligent

part of man.

Most people of our day admit the fact that there is within each being a spark that never dies, but that at the separation of the body and the spirit, which takes place at death, the body goes back to the dust as it was, and the spirit returns to God who gave it (Ecc. 12: 7). The passage here quoted implies that the spirit

of man had at some time previous to death (which is the result of the separation of body and spirit) been in the presence and association of God. Were it not so, the spirit at death could not

make its return trip to the courts of heaven, but would naturally make his first and only voyage from the earth to the realms of glory.

After organizing the earth upon which we live, the statement is made by the Creator, that he had made man in his own image (Gen. 1: 26, 27). ''And God said, Let us make man in our image,

after our likeness; and let them have dominion over the fish

of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth 28 IMPR0VEMEN7 ERA.

upon the earth. So God created man in his own image, in the image

of God created he him; male and female created he them."

Thus we have in the words of God, through Moses, an account of the creation of man, who we are told was to have dominion over all other things that God had created. At the completion of

the earth and all things that were to be therein, the Creator rested from his work, and, it being the seventh day, he blessed it and sanctified it, because in it he had finished all his work. We

read that every plant of the field and every herb of the field before it grew, and the fish of the, sea, the cattle, and every living thing, had been created before they were placed on the earth, because at this time there was not a man on the earth to care for the creations of God, neither had the Creator caused it to rain, that moisture might be provided for the life and growth of the plants (Gen. 2: 1-5).

In the creations of God, as far as we have followed them, we find the spiritual and not the temporal creation. It is plain that

all things were created spiritually before they were created temporally (Moses 3: 5). At this time God caused a mist to go up from

the earth, and the whole face of the ground was watered; and the

Lord God formed man of the dust of the earth, and breathed into in other words, the spirit whichhis nostrils the breath of life—or,

had been previously created enterc d the body made from the living soul.dust of the earth—and man became a

A garden was planted in Eden, in which God caused to grow the tree, and all that was pleasant in the sight of man (Gen. 2:

6-9).

It is plain from the above quotations that all things had a spiritual creation, and dwelt with God even before he brought this earth into existence.

During our associations with God in the spirit world, and at a time when the creation of this earth was under contemplation, we gave our sanction, and, as the sons and daughters of God, shouted for joy at the thought of coming to the earth to tabernacle in the flesh (Job 38: 4-7).

Jesus, our Lord, in speaking to his apostles, upon one occasion, taught them the philosophy of this great truth. "I came

forth from the Father into the world, again I leave the world and

PREEXISTENCE. 29

go back to my Father"(John 1: 28). We would infer from this

scripture that our Savior had, at some time previous to his earthly career, been with the Father. It might be thought bj some that it

was the body of Jesus as he appeared on the earth, that had an existence with the Father before the world was, but let us see. Jesus,

we are told, was born of the Virgin Mary, being brought into the world of woman, as all other children are; then, it is plain that

the flesh had not been with the Father, but, on the other hand it was the spirit which was chosen before the foundation of the world, to come and take possession of that body which should be born of Mary; and, as the angel said to the mother of Jesus, he

shall be called the Son of God, and it will be he who will offer his life for the sins of the world.

Again, in the prayer to his Father, he asks that he might be glorified with his Father, even with the glory I had with thee before the world was (John 17: 5).

The spirit of Jesus existed and had glory with his Father before, the foundations of the earth were laid; in fact, he took part

in the great work of creation.

We will here introduce one or two witnesses from the Book of Mormon as touching the preexistence of Jesus Christ. Nephi,

a prophet of the western hemisphere, who lived about five hundred years B. C, testified that he had beheld the Redeemer (II

Nephi 2: 2, 3). He also makes the statement that his brother

Jacob had also seen him, and that he was the one of whom Isaiah prophesied hundreds of years before his birth.

While the brother of Jared was on the mount receiving instructions concerning their journey to the promised land, the Redeemer appeared to him and conversed at some length upon his earthly mission, and, owing to the greatness of his faith, the Savior appeared to him in the same likeness as he would appear on the earth (Ether 3: 6-20).

It will be seen from the above that Jesus had an existence prior to his advent into this world, and that after his mission on earth was finished, he ascended into heaven, in the presence of his disciples, and resumed the enjoyment of that glory which he possessed before the worlds were created.

The Lord in speaking with Jeremiah makes him acquainted 30 IMPRO VEMEN T ERA.

with the fact that he was ordained to be a prophet unto the nations befor his birth into the world (Jer. i: 5). The possibility

of such a thing is more or less troubling the minds of a great many people. By way of explanation, I could do no better than to

refer the reader to the Pearl of Great Price (Abraham 3: 2228),

where the Lord, in speaking with Abraham, makes mention of the spirits that stood before him, and expressed the fact that there were some among them that were noble and great, and of these he would make his prophets and rulers among his children during their probation on the earth. At this time Jeremiah, no doubt,

received his ordination to be a prophet to the nations of the earth.

In the spirit world, the same as on this earth, men are governed by law, and as a result there were some among them who advanced to higher stations than did those of their fellow spirits. Some, by applying themselves to conditions and making use

of the opportunities as they presented themselves, reached a higher mark of perfection than those who were less ambitious.

We may, by way of illustration, take the earth upon which we live. All men are born into the world equal as far as wealth

is concerned. Some men apply themselves to the conditions that

surround them, and by close attention to business succeed in amassing great fortunes. On the other hand, there are those

who do not apply themselves, and fail to take advantage of opportunities. These are the men who make no progress, and consequently die poor. The same may be said of a people in a religious

way. Many persons there are who apply"the gospel of Christ

to their lives, and by close observance of the commandments of

God they gain as a reward a crown of glory in the kingdom of heaven. Again, we have a class of people who care nothing for the

laws of God, neither do they feel the need of obeying his gospel, and as a result of this kind of life they can expect to be rewarded only for the work done, and can never obtain the degree of glory that he who is faithful has received.

Free agency was enjoyed in the spirit world, and there, the same as here, men could choose good or evil. This is made plain in

the Revelations of John while on the isle of Patmos. The visions of

the past were opened to his view, and he was privileged to behold

PREEXISTENCE. 31

the great war that was fought between Michael and his angels, and the dragon and his angels. Satan, through his great ability

as a leader, was successful in obtaining a third part of the spirits of men as his followers (Rev. 12: 7-9). This war, we believe, took

place at a time when the great plan of redemption was being discussed, and as a result of disobedience, and not wishing to extend to man the great principle of free agency, Lucifer and his angels were cast out of heaven, and were deprived of coming to earth and taking a body of flesh and bones.

Sin was within the reach of all, and consequently spirits had power to commit sin, even as men do today, In proof of this, let me refer you to the writings of John (chapter 9: 1-3). While in

course of their travels in the land of Judea, they met a man who was blind. The apostles, understanding our preexistent stte

asked Jesus this question: Who did sin, this man or his parents,

that he was born blind?"Now bear in mind this fact, that the

man came into the world blind, and consequently it could not have been a punishment for sin committed in this life. Had the wrong

which brought blindness to him been the result of his disobedience, it would have been perpetrated in the spirit world during the association with his fellow spirits, as they dwelt with God during a probation in which they existed before the worlds were created.

As a reward for our faithfulness in our preexistent home, we have the privilege of coming to earth and possessing a body of flesh and bone; or, it may be expressed in the following terms:

having kept our first estate, we are now upon the earth to see whether or not we will keep our second estate. Through proper

care and preparation of our bodies, which comes by obedience to the laws of heaven, we fit ourselves for a crown of celestial glory, and we shall dwell with God and his Son, Jesus Christ, throughout the vast eternities.

Kansas City, Mo.

A LINK OF LIFE.

BY PROF. WILLARD DONE.

[In the year 1870, a mound in a field, near Payson, Utah, was excavated by

Amasa Potter, an intelligent farmer residing then and now in that town. He

found two skeletons, some implements and pottery, and a stone box. In the box

were a few grains of wheat. Those that were bright he planted, and raised a few

heads of the wheat. He planted this seed the following season, and raised about

a bushel and a half. This was distributed among a few of the farmers, some of it

beiDg sent to the Department of Agriculture at Washington, together with the relics which were purchased for the Bureau of Ethnology. The wheat was found

to be far superior as dryland wheat to other varieties, producing, according to the statements of those who experimented with it, about eight bushels to the acre more than any other.

In August of this year, grain raised from this seed in a large field of dry land, near Nephi, was cut and threshed with the first combined harvester and thresher ever used in Utah. These facts led the author, who was a boy in Payson

at the time the mound was opened, to write the following prosepoem. Editors.]

Once in the dim, longdistant past, there lived among the aborigines, among the Rocky Mountains, a man farseeing, wiser than his fellows. A prophet of the future was he, and best of all, a

provider for it. At his hands there were no better means than at

his neighbor's. With the same rude plow they cultivated their

fields; in the same way sowed them; with the same brushes they

harrowed in the seed; the same rain from heaven nourished all

their crops; the same sun ripened them. With the same primitive

sickles they garnered their harvest; with the same flails beat the

grain from the chaff; with the same stone mills turned it into

meal.

But this man had that power within him which made him a leader of men. If his lines were cast in the primitive age, his

mind was fitted for an era more advanced. Like a Burbank he

A LINK OF LIFE. 33

tested, selected, experimented, cultivated, crossfertilised, and proved the plants, until he found produced—call it what you will

—the seed best suited to the arid soil and the waterless waste.

The prophet of the future was building for the future.

At length his work was done. There had come from his hand,

in this respect typical of the creative power of Omnipotence, a seed the perfection of its kind; adapted to the drouth; resistant to

the parching sun and the baked earth; vital with the few light

showers of spring; and bounteous beyond the dreams of fertility.

And the fields waved with the grain; the harvest moon shone

brighter; the songs of harvesthome were gladder; their autumn

thanksgiving was more fervent, for the prophetic, philanthropic work of this their brother.

Where heretofore but dusty deserts stretched, lay fields of golden grain. Where wild beasts and savage men had roamed,

sleek cattle browsed on the rich stubble. Where God's great gift

to man, the widestretched field, had lain in sullen barrenness, seedtime and harvest filled the ear of God with their rejoicing.

This the prophetcreator lived to see accomplished. But who will

say that he did not look far into the future and see still greater things rise from his handiwork? At *******length the people's benefactor died. With mingled laudations and lamentings, sorrow and praise, they prepared him for

his long home. They anointed the dead limbs with choicest ointments, and wrapped him in a costly shroud. They prepared for

him the richest sepulture, and chose for his last restingplace the choicest spot in the fields he had made more fertile. Here they

heaped for him a mound, and placed within its bosom the mortal coil of their great benefactor. In harmony with their burial

customs, they placed at his side the loved companion of his youth, and the implements of labor he had known and used. The stone

mill, the earthen vessels, the stone ax, the rude weapons, and the other insignia of the time and place were laid to rest with him.

But even this was not sufficient remembrance for him they so much honored. What could they make his monument? A stone

might be raised to him, but that would crumble into formless dust.

A parchment might by written, but that would fade away. What34 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ever lifeless thing they might erect to his memory would pass into nothingness. They must give him a remembrance as immortal as

the fame it should perpetuate. Like that fame, it must be living

and everlasting.

In the midst of their counsels there arose a patriarch of their people, and they listened to his words with the respect due to age and wisdom: "You seek a memento of him who has done so much.

What better can you do than to make his own work his monument?

What we could build for him would not perpetuate his fame. He

has made his own memento. It bears within itself the germ of

immortal life. It will live and flourish long after lifeless memorials have passed away. Let the monument he himself has built be

our memorial to him."

With a great shout of approbation they heard his words. A

stone was brought, and from it a box was fashioned. Within this

box was placed a handful of the grain his genius had evolved. The

cover was fitted and sealed. And this, the everliving memento of

his greatness and his worth, was placed in the sepulchre beside him, and the last sad rites were finished. liong*******ages passed away. For centuries of years, seedtime

and harvest, toil and rejoicing, joy and sorrow, had passed in alternation. Generation succeeded generation; and the land was

populous, the fields were rich, the harvests bounteous.

Then came internecine strife and civil wars. The land, erstwhile rich with man and his handiwork, and teeming with waving

fields, was drenched with blood. And because man's precious life

was spilled upon it, the curse of God was there. No longer did

it respond to the plowman and the sower; and the reaper went unrewarded. From industry to idleness; from idleness to poverty;

from poverty to wretchedness; from wretchedness to savagery, the

once happy people descended.

At length the land was desolate; the people scattered; the

fields deserted. Back to its primitive barrenness the widestretched

plain reverted; and the sentinel mountains kept weary watch over

desolate valleys. The savage, the wild beast, and the gray, lifeless shrub possessed the scene alone.

A LINK OF LIFE. 35

Then came another prophetbuilder. Wearied with his epochmaking march, he gazed from the mountainside upon the valley,

despised for ages by the seemingwise, and said, "It is enough;

this is the place!"With patient toil and broad foresightedness

this leader poured water on the lifeless soil, and brought back the old fertility; and the land was rich with harvests. The curse of

God was expiated by the diligence of man.

A happy people spread over the land. Valleys long abandoned

to the wasting drouth were conquered and subduedSmiling villages gladdened the land, made rich with harvest. Back to their

lair slunk wild beast and savage man. The smile of God brightened

plain and mountain, he saw the land; "and it was good."

One day a mound, rising majestic in the open plain, was leveled. Within a chamber were found two skeletons, rude implements, stone weapons, crude relics of a time long past, a stone box

cemented. Carefully the box was opened. Amid grains long

since crumbled into dust, a few shone bright and fresh as when garnered in that distant harvest. They were planted and tenderly

nurtured. With jealous eye the first green shoots were watched.

They grew and ripened. And now there came to the hand of the

thoughtful husbandman, the product of the hand and brain of the prophetprovider, long since turned to dust. His living monument

eternal. The fruithad been erected—a monument destined to be

of a time long past was to be the seed of the future.

Science now came to the aid of genius, and both worked side by side. Where the rude plow had skimmed the surface of narrow

roods, the mighty engine born of man's brain turned the deep loam of broad acres. Where the sower had plodded with his pouch of

seed, followed by the obliterating brush, the seeder placed its myriad grains in the mellow soil. Where sickle and flail by slow and weary

effort took stalk from stubble, and grain from chaff, great engines swept the field, the wavug grain before, the bursting bags behind, ready for the whirring rollers. Where heretofore the harvest had

meant the compass of an arrow's flight, it now was boundless as the sea. In his brightest vision the prophetbuilder could not have

foreseen transition so wonderful.

And thus the past joins with the future. The seed planted

by the aboriginal genius decks with multiplied fertility the modern

36 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

field. From seedtime to the milling of the harvest, the grain of

the past is touched with instruments produced by man's present genius. And where past races of men reaped with infinite toil the

meagre harvest of a narrow field, present generations gather, as by the touch of magic, the bounteous product of the limitless plain. prophetbuilder of the distant past, your voice of prophecy, sounding through the ages, has found its echo; and your ecstatic vision is our reality!

Salt Lake City, Utah.

WATCH O'ER ME.

(Written to the music of Sing Me to Sleep, for Prof. Charles Kent, and sung

hy the author at the M. I. A. convention of Fremont stake, September 29, 1907).

God, in mercy hear my prayer;

Give me tonight thy wondrous care;

Wrap me around with thy dear love,

And send me solace from above;

Scatter the clouds that make me fear,

Lest I forget that thou art near,

And in my weakness go astray From thine allwi?e and holy way.

Refrain.

Holy Father, hear thou my prayer, 1 need thy comfort, thy love and care

All life is danger without thee

God in heaven, watch o'er me.

All through the day my steps have failed,

And I was weak when sin assailed

Forgive the follv and the pride,

Teach me to cling to virtue's side;

Grant me thy peace that I may know

Thou still art near, the way to show,

And in the end, ah let me be Encrowned for all eternity.

Harold Goff.

Rexburg, Idaho.

THE WITHDRAWAL.

BY KATE THOMAS.

She came from the land where the pine abounds, and the winter clouds hang purple over the misty fjords. And she was

named Christine, perhaps to always remind her of her own Christiania. Her face was refined; her hands tapering and filbertnailed. In the old country she had been my lady's maid. In the

new, she was the "girl"'of general housework. In a year she

could write English a little, could read better than she could speak, and she spoke remarkably well.

"I had a hard time to get here,"she confided to us. "My

lady, she felt most badly. She cried. I did not want to be a

'Mormon,'but I could not help it. I knew another girl in Christiania. She said, I will go to a 'Mormon'meeting. I laughed

and said, 'I will go, too. I may get a husband. 'She said, 'you

do not know what you talk about, 'Mormons'do not look for women. They have plenty at home.'I am here, now I know. I

laughed and said, 'I will go, too, and get a husband.'I think I

will make a noise and break up such a bad meeting. But

I went many times, and I did not laugh. I took the Book of Mormon home. I did not let my lady know. One night she came to

my room. She seldom came to my room. I was scared. I put

the Book of Mormon behind my back. She said, 'What are you

reading, Christine?'I showed her. She said, 'I am told you go

to 'Mormon'meetings, Christine.'I said, 'yes.'She said, 'You

will not be a 'Mormon, 'Christine?'I did not think to be 'Mormon,'

until then. I surprised myself. I said, yes.'She cried, and said,

'Do not be a 'Mormon.'I will pay you more money.'I said, 'But

I will join the 'Mormons.''She said, 'If so, you cannot work for

38 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

me. 'I said, 'I cannot work for you, because I am going to Utah.

My mother said, 'You shall not go.'They watched me, and would

not let me go to meeting. I took my clothes and ran away. My

mother, nor any one would speak to me after."

Six months later, beamingeyed, she made the startling announcement:

"This foolish fellow will come sure with the next company."

Enquiry drew out the fact that the plainly acceptable foolish fellow was a Norwegian sweetheart whom she was emigrating.

We looked forward to his coming with almost as great an excitement as the girl herself had. The rather prepossessing

Scandinavian lass had in eighteen months of American ways and style of dress become a decidedly attractive young creature, with ideas far beyond her station. And we wondered.

On the great day, five of her friends, three serving maids and two men, all in varying styles of anxiety, called to accompany

Christine to the train. They escorted her home again, and although it was then near midnight, sat in the kitchen for a full

half hour. "Well, Christine,"we asked when they had gone, "did he come?""Yes,"she answered. "Haven't you gone to bed yet,

ma'am?"It was late to Christine, in spite of love's young dream.

She turned the tap in the sink and watched the water run down the hole. Then she said, "He is funny."

Christine's "funny"meant an extreme type. We felt sorry

for her.

Sundays and Wednesdays she met him somewhere. She would

not allow him to come to the house. After the fifth visit she was

wholly disillusioned.

"He will never be anything,"she said disconsolately. "He

should have stayed in Norway.

A week later she said, "I don't know what to do. I do not

like this fellow."

"It is a pity you imported him,"we said facetiously.

"What's this—import?"

"Sent for him."

THE WITHDRAWAL. 39

"Yes,"she assented, the humor lost upon her. "I'd rather

have the money."

She worried for two weeks longer. Then she reached the

decisive point.

"I will write dis fellow that it is all wrong. He is a good

'Mormon.'He will find another girl."

Christine's faith that a good 'Mormon'could always find consolation in any woman was somewhat comical, but it was nevertheless deep and abiding. If he were married he was eventually saved.

And with Betsey in his crown of glory, what did he need of Christine? She frankly preferred to adorn some other man's circlet.

So she wrote the letter telling him so, and posted it the same afternoon.

The next morning brought a letter from him. Christine's

eyes grew round as she took it. On reading it, she broke into

tears. "It is so funny,"she sobbed. "I do not understand."

The letter, she explained, was about word for word the same as she had written to him. It must have been written at the same

time, and he was no doubt reading hers now. The somewhat startling coincidence proved beyond a doubt that these two young people were not specially designed for each other.

Shocked at her red eyes, "You are not sorry, Christine,"was asked. "No, no!"she protested vehemently. "I am glad. It is so

funny, that's all. I am so glad I sent this letter yesterday. He

knows now that I wrote first."

She saw him once more and brought us the following news:

"He says he loves me but will marry this rich widow. She

has four grown up girls. She is older than he, and not nice. She

call common? She is from the old counis ugly and—what you

try, too. She can have him. He is not worth anything, this fel.

low, nothing at all!"

"Will he pay back the money he borrowed from yon, now,

Christine?"

"No. He is not that kind, this fellow. He will keep the

money. I don't care. I am glad to be rid of him. He is not a

good 'Mormon.'I will not marry one who is not a good 'Mormon.'

40 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Christine had been with us two years when a Gentile lady offered her a position as a cook at a larger wage than we were paying her. Christine was honorable.

"You took me when I could not speak English,"she said.

u'You have learned me—

"Taught, Christine,"I corrected.

"Taught me many things. I am more of a lady now. I shall

stay with you, if you say so."

We disliked to lose her, for good housemaids are scarce. But

we could not accept her offer.

She came on her first evening off to tell us how she liked her new place. The work was continuous, and she did not get out

much. The dinner hour prevented her from going to meeting.

As time went on, she became more friendly with the other servants. She wore finer clothes. Her old associates gradually

dropped her.

She came down one evening, looking pale and rather unhappy.

"I wish you did not have a good girl,"she said wistfully. "I

should like to come back again. I never see a 'Mormon'any more.

Nobody comes to see me. The girls I work with are not what I

like to be with. I am lonely in that house up there."

For a time she spent her free evenings in our kitchen with her successor. But daily association was toe strong. She became

more and more friendly with her fellow maids. Several times we

met her walking with a tall man of more than ordinary appearance. We teased her about him when we saw her next She told

us that he was her countryman, an architect, wellto-do, and that his attentions were serious.

"A 'Mormon,'of course?"

"No, he is not a 'Mormon.'He is nothing at all. He believes not even God."

"Yet you are going to marry him, Christine?"

"I don't know."Then she added, flushing slowly, 'Tm not a

good 'Mormon'like I used to be.

"After all you went through in the beginning?"

"Yes. Is this not strange? In Norway I would die for that

religion. Here it is not so good. People are not so good. Nothing so good. I think this queer."

THE WITHDRAWAL. 41

"You had bettergo to meeting sometimes, Christine.

"I don't like meetings any more. I think I will not marry

this man."However, the next time she came it was to tell of her engagement.

"He makes good money,"she said. "We will go back to the

old country after a while. This little American money he has

saved will make him more a somebody. I will be more a somebody."

And so she went back to the country she had fled from under so devout a religious love, the wife of an inf del.

A missionary brought us news of her. She was in a cozy

home on the finest street of one of the smaller towns. She was

mistress herself, now, and the little blo-.de maid who did her bidding thought her a fine lady. But in spite of all, she was not

happy. "I thought,"she told him, "that when I was married 1 would be lonely no more. But I am worse and worse lonely. Myhusband

laughs, if I pray. He will not speak to a 'Mormon.'You must

go before he comes. No 'Mormon'must come again. And all the

time I want to be a 'Mormon!'I think how I left this country

fine Utah mounso hard to leave—for that religion. Oh, those

tains! And those good people! I will never see the Utah mountains again! I'm not strong enough, brother, that's all. I think

everybody leaves me, and do not care for me. And I love this

man for that. I was more weak there than I am here for that religion. I'm sorry now. But I brought this on myself. I'll do my

best by this man.

And so, far away. Christine looks out from the little home,

where she is "more somebody,"over the wide Norwegian hills, and longs for her own people, and the unwavering majesty of the heavybrowed mountains of Utah.

New York, N. Y.

THE TRAINING OF CHILDREN IN THE HOME.

BY ALICE PEET BISHOP.

TIRED MOTHERS.

A little elbow leans upon your knee,

Your tired knee that has so much to bear

A child's dear eyes are looking lovingly

From underneath a thatch of tangled hair.

Perhaps you do not heed the velvet touch,

Or warm, moist fingers, folding yours so tight;

You do not prize this blessing overmuch

You almost are too tired to pray tonight.

But it is blessedness! A year ago

I did not see it as I do today

We are so dull and thankless; and too slow

To catch the sunshine till it slips away.

And now it seems surpassing strange to me,

That while I wore the badge of motherhood,

I did not kiss more oft and tenderly

The little child that brought me only good.

And if, some night when you sit down to rest,

You miss this elbow from your tired knee

This restless, curling head from off your breast—

This lisping tongue that chatters constantly;

If from your own the dimpled hands had slipped,

And ne'er would nestle in your palm again;

If the white feet into their grave had tripped,

I could not blame you for your heartache then.

I wonder so that mothers ever fret

At little children clinging to their gown;

THE TRAINING OF CHILDREN IN THE HOME. 43

Or that their footprints, when the days are wet,

Are ever black enough to make them frown.

If I could find a little muddy boot,

Or cap, or jacket, on my chamber floor

If I could kiss a rosy, restless foot,

And hear it patter in my house once more

If I could mend a broken cart today,

Tomorrow make a kite to reach the sky,

There is no woman in God's world could say

She was more blissfully content than I.

But ah! the dainty pillow next my own

Is never rumpled by a shining head;

My singing birdling from its nest is flown

The little boy I used to kiss is dead!

Mary Louise Riley Smith.

The loneliness of this mother touches every maternal heart;

and yet, not long ago, I stood with a mother, widowed at the birth of her second child and son, by the grave of one God had taken in childhood, and heard her say, "It seemed so hard to part with him when we laid him here, but I rejoice now, for I know where this one is. God knew my weakness, and took him away

from my misguided training, and I am thankful."

The living son, now twentyfive years of age, is a very handsome man in face, figure and carriage, but the beauty stops there;

drinking, gambling, carousing with his own kind, sporting and eating, are the only things worth living for, judging from his

life. "What was the matter with his training?"you ask.

"Want of study on the subject, 'The training of children in the home,'"is my answer.

In the whole round of good women that I know, there is not life of sacrifice forone who is kinder, or leads a nobler life,—a

others; and in this spirit of making others happy, indulged in the

wrong way, without studying her child as she did her cookbook, lay the mischief which made her beloved son a leprous blotch to his family and community.

"I felt, "she said, "when my boy was growing up that I wanted him to know that I loved him, and I gave him everything that I possibly could for his pleasure."

44 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Right there was the trouble. She served him, instead of

training him to serve her. When he took his bath, she brought

finthe tub, and the water, and the clean clothes—when he had

ished, he left all for her to remove. Breakfast was kept waiting

until he wasfor him, till he chose to arise—dinner and supper

ready to come; and there was never a reprimand, so that he might

know his mother loved him.

The mother or wife has no right, human or divine, to wear herself out. True, her life must be one of sacrifice, but she should

aim to be looked up to as a queen in "the realm called home,''and not down upon by the husband and children: as a "household

drudge and slave."

How many, many times has my heart been saddened by hearing misguided mothers say, ''Oh, my daughter cannot help at all;

she is going to school."

Mothers, if you have to work either constantly or temporarily, your child should give you substantial aid. With like ability, the

pupil who works faithfully three hours each day at home, gets along faster, digests acquired knowledge better, is healthier and much better developed all around than the one whose mother unwisely excuses him or her, from all duties.

I have in mind the history of a boy whom I saw several times a day during his college preparatory life. This boy was kept so

busy with horse and cow and lawn and housework, and keeping up the furnace fires at home, and in school and college work, that his mother remarked, "it is not miraculous that Will is not wild.

We kept him so busy he never found time to learn to be bad."

Will's parents, though wealthy, were far beyond average men and women in boy training wisdom. This, their only child, was

the dearest object on earth to them, and they reasoned that if he did his part of the world's work when he reached manhood, he muse do what his years and strength would allow as he went along, and be taught to feel that "Labor, all labor is noble and holy."At the age of fifteen he had finished the high school course.

At nineteen he graduated with honor from his home college, which matriculates with Harvard University. He entered Harvaid in

1898, with A. B. to his name, and at the end of two years that

great school added A.M. to his titles. His record for perseverance,

THE TRAINING OF CHILDREN IN THE HOME. 45

scholarship and honor, easily won for him the position of teacher of Latin and Greek in the St. Paul and Minneapolis public schools,

where he taught very acceptably for two years, and then secured one of the best situations in.the Kansas City, Mo., schools. Mind

and body always kept pace, for while he was working the one, the other was resting, and at the age of twentyseven, his healthy mind in his healthy body gave him a relish for life and its duties, which made living and service joyous.

The mother of President Roosevelt saw to it that every day her boys should complete some piece of work, and the life of our chief executive and the marvelous amount and diversity of work he is able to accomplish, shows that the time devoted to her heart's dearest treasures, paid that mother well.

Mothers, be wise and consider that all a boy or girl learns from his or her books, while you are overworking to give your child that time, is more than lost in the selfishness that they learn in feeling that anything can justify them in letting you thus overwork.

She could swing a sixpound dumbbell,

She could fence, and she could box;

She could row upon the river, She could clamber 'mong the rocks;

She could do some heavy golfing,

And play tennis all day long;

But she couldn't help her mother, 'Cause she wasn't very strong.

"Satan finds some mischief still for idle hands to do,"and again, "An idle brain is the devil's workshop,"are as true today as they ever were, and the reverse is also true, "Jesus finds some service still for busy hands do do;"and again, "A brain busy under a

Christian mother's training, is Christ's workshop."

There is another error into which manv good mothers drift, that of nagging. Watch that. Set aside your children's part of

the work, and see that it is done properly, if it has to be done several times, but all with a kind patience through which they can see it is for their good.

Honesty in the home is of the greatest importance. "Buy

the truth and sell it not,"said Holy Writ; and if we, as teachers,

46 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

mothers and members of society, could estimate the change for the better in strictly following the teachings of these seven words, we would be amazed.

A child's eyes are quick to understand the subterfuge you think is all a mystery to him. "It's good medicine, "It won't hurt

to have your tooth pulled,""The bad man will catch you,"are no less falsehoods for a mother than the wrong stories for which she punishes her child. Then the social quibbles. I do not me'ar that

we should be painfully plain in speech, but one can cultivate a habit of not speaking at all, when the truth would be unkind.

An old Quaker reproved his hired man exaggerating, telling him it was a sin. "And do you never sin in the same way?"asked

the man. "Thee must watch me, and if I do, thee must tell me."

"I lived in that family seven years,"said the man, and learned to know that dependence could be placed upon every statement the old Quaker made—and I loved him as a father."

Be sure your child is human, just as much as your neighbor's child, therefore watch him closely, ''for you know not the day nor the hour when he may enter into and yield to temptation."

One of the saddest things a teacher must contend with, is when she knows a pupil is doing wrong, and the mother believes the child's skilfully constructed story, and thinks the teacher is guided by prejudice, or that some guilty member of the school is trying to shirk his sins upon other shoulders. If the teacher is conscientious, she sifts the matter to the bottom before approaching

the mother.

One mother whom I knew always took time to read some tender, suggestive story to her four children just at their bed time, and it became in that home, an hour for selfexamination.

The little ones were eager to tell mama of any good or helpful act, and very often she would hear contrite confessions of their yielding to the temptation to do wrong. When they were ten and

twelve years old they would cry as if their hearts would break over some selfish, mean or cowardly act of the day. They could

not sleep until they had made a clean breast of it to mama. I do

not need to tell you that this was never a scolding time—nor that

these talks urged the mother to live a perfectly consistent life a life so few, so very few of us, live.

THE TRAINING OF CHILDREN IN THE HOME. 47

This subject is inexhaustible, but I cannot leave it without urging mothers to read books on the training of children. I believe most firmly that if women would study the books on child

culture as assiduously as they do cook books or the Delineator—

their eyes would be opened to the many errors in training children, and the results would be marvelous. A child is God's best gift to

man, and you love it more than your own self—and yet that child

goes to bed hungry for the companionship that you are lavishing on the company in the parlor.

Your library? On the shelves do we see well read books on

child training? Do you read Abbott, or Pestalozzi, or Froebel,

because you love your child and want to learn how to train it?

A beekeeper reads books on bees, a swine breeder on swine, a horseman on horses, a butter maker on dairying, but how many parents have invested ten dollars in books on child culture?

A few Sundays ago I saw an elevenyear-old boy, an only child, on the public streets in bad company.

The mother is a good woman, and, no doubt, thinks the welfare of her boy is enhanced by her labors for society, and her hold on the social life of her town; but I would take chances on

the four boys of the woman, who, while burdened with all her housework, set aside every evening and every Sunday afternoon for her children.

In Frances Willard and her brother and sister, we have examples of what parental training in the woods of Wisconsin could

do.

I do not cry down society; the mingling of ourselves together

is an express command of scripture, and our children must have companionship when they live within reach of it, and wise is that mother who gives her first and best companionship to these children whom God has called upon her to train.

Let the children come first. "Better a dinner of herbs where

love is than a stalled ox and contention therewith."

In conclusion, I feel compelled to say to mothers that, like the good woman mentioned in the beginning of this paper, you can, by indulgence, become the worst enemy your child can have.

This statement is proved by the fact that nearly all the boys and girls who go widely astray were brought up by their own mothers;

43 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and that a very large proportion of our criminals have living mothers, who, in their great love for their children, weakly indulged them in all they demanded, until the tyrant of selfish appetites held them so strongly in its grasp that they were unable to resist evil promptings.

The mother of the great Spurgeon said, "If Charles goes astray it will have to be over his mother's prayers,"and from the results, we may know that the prayers, accompanied by works, were constant.

In an exchange the other day, something like this appeared:

She was not an educated woman. She was not in society. She did not wear

fashionable clothes, but she brought up three daughters to tell the truth. When

she died she was not laid out in purple and fine linen. There were no hired carriages, and the flowers were all from the gardens of her friends. There was no

long funeral procession, and the writeup of her life in the home papers was not extensive, but in heaven, One whose face shone with the brightness of the

Father's glory said, "A queen is coming. Get her throne ready."

Salt Lake City, Utah.

THE COURTSHIP OF AUTUMN.

(For the Improvement Era.)

Flowerlike, over the golden sheen,

Like an Indian girl, came the Autumn queen.

The fiery trail of her flaming hair

Went streaming away through the hazy air.

And the skies took fire, and the sunburnt land:

And the oak tree blushed as he kissed her hand.

Her flushed cheek shone like a red sunbeam

In the crystal depths of the gilded stream.

The lake o'erspread with a crimson grace,

As her footstep fell on his dimp'ling face.

On the western wall of the sky outspread,

She painted a sunset scene bloodred.

THE COURTSHIP OF AUTUMN. 49

Then over the ocean world she came,

And her feet of fire left a trail of flame.

And the snowcapped peaks and the sunlit bower

All burst into bloom like a springkissed flower.

With the rushing sound of a thousand rills,

A footstep fell on the northern hills.

And a misty form with a countenance weird,

On the cloudy edge of the world appeared.

His cane was an icicle stout and sleek,

His coat was a snow cloud long and thick.

That hung from his chin to his snowdrift feet,

And he buttoned it tight to exclude the heat.

His frosty hair and his beard of snow

Streamed over the hills when the wind would blow.

His breath was the wind, and his voice was storm;

But his heart of ice, in a world so warm,

Seemed melting away to the blushing dame

Who lighted his path with a world of flame.

He called to her from the wildest peak

Of the Wasatch Range, aloft and bleak.

She answered back from the canyon stream,

And sent him a kiss on a ruddy beam.

The blush of love on her face upturned,

She beckoned to him, and his great heart yearned.

He'rose to go; at his icy look,

The streams retired and the forest shook.

The white frost clung to his wrinkled brow,

The red leaf dropt from the shiv'ring bough.

And he fixed his glance on her dainty form,

And circled her round with an icy arm.

She gave him her world like a gem aglow,

And faded away on his breast of snow.

THE COURTSHIP OF AUTUMN. 51

Then over the bleak and leafhid trail,

With many a sigh, and many a wail,

He carried her into the forest drear,

All wrapped in her glory, withered and sere.

With the dirge of the wind in the bending bough,

He piessed a kiss on her pale, cold brow.

And he took her close to his heart of woe,

Then buried her under a drift of snow.

Theo. E. Curtis.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

ECHO OF THE AGES.

An echo rolls down through the ages,

In cadence divinely sweet, And unto the soul that shall hearken, 'Twill be as a light to the feet.

For heartstrings that vibrate with anguish.

It bringeth a healing balm;

With power rebuketh life's tempest,

And giveth a heavenly calm.

Oh! blest be the echo of ages,

That leadeth mankind above, Purging his thought of worldgrossness,

Ever inspiring with love!

But ah! of earth's millions how many

Are striving this echo to hear?

Their ears have grown deaf to its pleadings,

They hold it no longer dear.

They hear but one dissonant clamor,

The shout of the world's great fold;

The echo which blesses the ages,

Is drowned in the cry for gold.

Grace Ingles Frost.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

"MOTHER AND SISTER MIGHT HEAR."

BY PROF. ALBERT M. MERRILL, OF THE CASSIA STAKE ACADEMY.

The Junior boys will, doubtlessly, draw many profitable lessons this year from the reading of Tom Brown's School Days.

Tom is not represented as an ideal boy, nor as one of the ''goodygoody"kind. He is just an ordinary boy, full of life and

energy; he has plenty of faults, but these are fairly offset by good

strong points. He is so perfectly natural, so resourceful, so vivacious, and yet so kindhearted, so generous, and true, that all -boys

must, perforce, admire him.

One of the satisfying things about his biography is that the training and circumstances of his early years bear fruit throughout his life. Like most boys, he could not forget the tender religious

training of a loving mother, nor yet the occasional but pointed instructions of the father. We feel sure that his father's last words

of admonition when he left London, at the tender age of nine years, to enter Rugby, not only rang in his ears in the stage coach that morning, but that they recurred to him on many trying occasions afterward. They are words that can well afford to be

printed in gold and held before the eyes of Latterday Saint boys, or better still, engraved in their hearts where they may act as silent monitors in hours of need.

After considering well and long what he could best say in parting, Mr. Brown gave utterance to the following:

Tom, my boy, remember you are going at your own earnest request, to be chucked into this great school, like a young bear with all your troubles before you—earlier than we should have sent you, perhaps. If schools are what they were

in my time, you'll see a great many cruel blackguard things done, and hear a deal of foul, bad talk. But never fear. You tell the truth, keep a brave and kind

"MOTHER AND SISTER MIGHT HEAR."53

heart, and never listen to or say anything you wouldn't have your mother and sister hear, and you'll never feel ashamed to come home, or we to see you.

What splendid counsel this, for every boy to receive and live by. It constitutes a little religion all by itself, "pure and undented:"Tell the truth, keep a brave and kind heart, and never

hsten to or say anything you wouldn't have your mother and sister hear, and you'll never jeel ashamed to come home, or we to see you.

A boy that will do those things will find that he is in the way of becoming a good, clean, honorable faithful Latterday man—a

Saint. A boy that will keep his ears closed to filthy and obscene

stories, and will guard his tongue from uttering an unclean word,

find—a word that his m >ther and his sister might not hear—will

that he has conceived within him a power for righteousness.

It is clean boys that make clean men. We have often been

led to admire the clean strain that ran through the character of

President Ulysses S. Grant. A number of incidents are related

of him. in his attitude toward purity of thought. On one occasion,

he was seated in the Senate clumber, surrounded by a number of prominent men. It was a recess period, and they were conversing and

telling stories. A Senator thought to tell a story, which a mother

or a sister might not hear, and casting his eyes about the gallery began, "As there are. no ladies present,"when he was suddenly

interrupted by the President with, "But there are gentlemen present, and you'll please not tell that story here."

George W. Childs wrote of Grant, "A great trait of Grant's

character was his purity. I never heard him express an impure

thought, or make an indelicate allusion in any way or shape. There

is nothing I ever heard him say that could not be repeated in the presence of women."

The boys of the Latterday Saints should live so that such a remark might be truthfully made of every one of them.

Oakley, Idaho.

ANTHONY W. IVINS.

Chosen, sustained and ordained, October 6, 1907, a member of the

Quorum of Twelve Apostles.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

THANKSGIVING DAY.

As far back as history is recorded, men have given thanks for the blessings they have enjoyed. Thanksgiving day seems to

be the only holiday which the Americans celebrate right. It is a

home day. A day of association and love in the home. The day

in New England history dates from November, 1621, when, the year following the landing, the little Plymouth colony numbered scarcely a hundred people. In Governor William Bradford's History of the Plymouth Plantation (160247), it is said: "Our harvest

being gotten in, our governor sent four men on fowling, so that we might, after a special manner, rejoice together, after we had gathered the fruit of our labors."And so the custom grew and

was observed year after year, until now Thanksgiving is the national anniversary.

The Pilgrims landed on the shortest day of the year, in 1620;

but the Massachusetts Bay Colony, of two thousand people, on the longest day, in 1630. The latter were well equipped, and had

every sign of prosperity about them. But their first Thanksgiving

was more dramatic. The sea food in the new country was unfamiliar to them, and the following fall and winter many died. Governor John Winthrop, however, with rare foresight, had sent Captain Pierce with a ship to England, soon after they landed, with

nstructions to hastily return loaded with wheat, barley, oats, rye, cheese and butter. When, in February of 1631, Pierce's returning ship hove in sight, the colony were tired and discouraged.

The governor had his "last batch of bread in the oven,"and there 56 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

were sickness, sorrow, death and apprehension. In January solemn

fasts had been observed, and the grumbling and discontented were reminded by the General Court that "man does not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God."They were told that it will not do to sit sighing here for

the flesh pots of Egypt. So a solemn fast was appointed that the

people might learn how to use their flesh and fish, and remember that they came there for "the greater glory of God and to enjoy him forever."

But when the ship hove in sight, the General Court's order for fasting was changed to one for thanksgiving. Thus came the

first Thanksgiving Day for the Massachusetts Bay colony. It was

the first and last Thanksgiving in February, for which there was then a very good reason. The old New England Thanksgiving, in

November, was afterwards adopted, and from such beginnings as these it has grown to be a holiday in all the states and dominions of our great country.

It is a day for thanks to God for his bountiful gifts to us.

As a nation we are at peace; we are prosperous beyond prophecy.

There is plenty of wheat, and corn, and rye, and oats, and flesh and fowl for all, and enough to send a daily surplus to our brothers in every part of the world. And let us hope there is love for our

fellows and for each other, and a genuine spirit of thanks and devotion in our hearts to the Giver of all good.

No people on the earth have greater occasion to be thankful to the Lord this Thanksgiving Day than the Latterday Saints.

They enjoy all these blessings, and in addition the custody of the gospel of our Lord, with its accompanying spiritual gifts. They

should not be forgetful of these things, nor of their duties and responsibilities because of them. On this day there should be no

poor or unfortunate one forgotten, no homeless one or stranger in our midst uncomforted; for be it remembered there is scarcely a

land or an ocean where some of our wanderers are not passing lonely in the cities, traversing the valleys, or counting the waves.

Let us serve the Lord with gladness, and come before his presence with singing. ''Know ye not,"says the Psalmist, that the

Lord he is God: it is he that hath made us, and not we ourselves;

we are his people, and the sheep of his pasture. Enter into his

EDITOR'S TABLE. 57

gates with thanksgiving, and unto his courts with praise: be

thankful unto him and bless his name. For the Lord is good; his

mercy is everlasting; and his truth endureth to all generations."

CHURCH LITERATURE IN JAPAN.

The Era has received a copy of A Brief History of the Church, translated into Japanese by Elder John W. Stoker, illustrated with

many Utah scenes, and persons, and a map of the United States, and published by the Japan Mission of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. In an interesting letter to the editors, Elder

Alma 0. Taylor, president of the mission, says:

We have no apologies to make, for the general appearance of the book inside or out, nor for the slight mistakes that appear, for considering that this is the first attempt made by us to publish a book of such size and kind, we are proud of the success of this our maiden effort. There are many books in circulation which

bear the name of experienced publishers, but they are no better than "our history."* * * * Elder Stoker, whose faithful, diligent labor

made the translation a success, is a recipient of the praise and gratitude of the mission president, missionaries, and Saints, all of whom have anxiously and prayerfully awaited the coming forth of this book in the native language. And

while we give to Elder Stoker and those who rendered valuable assistance to the work, due praise and honor, we recognize that without the blessing of God our success would not have been as satisfactory as it is.

The first edition consists of 1,000 copies, 500 copies bound in cloth and 500 in paper. We sell the cloth binding for 55 sen (27 1-2 cents) each, and the

paper bound copies for 40 sen (20 cents each).

One of Elder Stoker's relatives suggested that there doesn't seem to be anything "brief"about this history, judging by the time it has taken to translate and publish it into Japanese. But the translation was particularly difficult, for it

required the deepest thought and study to make suitable and true translations of the words and expressions peculiar to our Church. In fact, words like '"high

council,""primary,""revelation,""priesthood,""Godhead,"etc., have each

taken hours and hours of thought and discussion, for these words have their peculiar significance in our Church, and the current words for even a common English word like "revelation,"are too sectarian in meaning to be of any use to us. This

translation presents many entirely new words to the Japanese vocabulary, and it has been an arduous labor indeed to get words which convey the true meaning of 58 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

our English, and at the same time that would be within the range of the reader's understanding, for be it kept in mind that new words in Japanese are made by making new combinations of old words. By this book, then,wehopeto successfully and enduringly establish, among our members at least, definite Japanese words conveying the meaning of our strictly "Mormon"terms.

The English preface was not translated, but instead the following introduction appears, the English of which is here printed.

President Taylor and his associates certainly deserve high commendation and praise for their persistent, literary labors, under very trying conditions, not only with this work, but with the very great task of translating and printing the Book of Mormon which they are now completing:

PREFACE.

Believing that the history of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, when read without prejudice and with a desire to know facts, is one of the strongest evidences of the divinity of its claims, and intensely interesting even to the casual reader; and recognizing the need of such a history for the benefit of the

Saints and investigators in Japan, the translation of A BriefHistory of the Church was undertaken.

Elder John W. Stoker was selected by the officers of the Japan mission to

make the translation. He labored faithfully and well to accomplish his task, but

having very many other duties to perform in connection with the mission, he was unable to devote his entire time to the work. Finally, through the blessings of

God, his translation was completed, and the criticisms and suggestions of several capable Japanese were solicited and kindly given.

This baok, being simply a brief history of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, does not attempt to detail events, but to mention, in a general and accurate way, the important incidents connected with the rise and progress of the Church from the early part of the 19th century to the present time. The

author of the original, Elder Edward F. Anderson, compiled this brief history

from, and after a careful research of, the full and reliable histories of the Church and its leaders.

Several minor and unimportant items, together with many proper names, have been omitted in the translation. At the same time, additional historical facts

have been inserted where, in the judgment of the translator and his counselors, such additions were necessary and of interest. So far as possible the history has

been illustrated, and two maps showing the migrations of the Church, have been carefully prepared. A rather lengthy appendix, not in the original, discusses the

relationship of the "Mormon"Church to polygamy, both as a practice aud principle, and gives a brief story of the Japan mission.

A perusal of the pages of this book will give a fair idea of the great faith of the Latterday Saints, and the unparalleled hardships through which they passed for

EDITOR'S TABLE. 59

the sake of their religious convictions. The reader will also note, perhaps with

more or less wonderment, the marvelous advancement and growth of this remarkable Church, in spite of the slander heaped upon it, the persecution waged against it, and the continual opposition it has received. And, too, reference to the principles and ordinances of the gospel of Jesus Christ, which gospel is nothing more

nor less than the plan which Cod, the Eternal Father of man, and Creator of heaven and earth, has established for the salvation of the human race, will be found herein by the careful reader.

While the true name of the Church is: "The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints"(the words "Latterday Saints"are used to show the relation of

tha Saints today to those who lived in the days of Christ and the Apstles), it is often referred to as "the 'Mormon'Church;"its members as "Mormons,"and

the system as "Mormonism."The reason is this: As this history shows, a sacred

book known as the Book of Mormon, was revealed to the world through the agency of Joseph Smith. The Latterday Saints look upon this book as the word

of God. It is one of the standard books of the Church. Therefore, the enemies

of the Church, desiring to avoid the true name, nicknamed it the "Mormon"

Church in derision. By this nickname it has become known throughout the

world. There is no particular objection to the name "Mormon"itself, for Mormon was a man of God, who lived in America anciently. He is the prophet who

compiled the Book of Mormon. The meaning of the word, "Mormon"is "more

good."The "'Mormon'Church"certainly stands for all that is good.

In presenting this book to the public, we pray that the Spirit of God may accompany the same, and that those who read or study its contents may be convinced of the divine origin of the Church of Jesus Christ of latterday Saints, and receive a testimony of the truthfulness of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

Japan Mission of the Church op Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Tokyo, Japan, Aug. 12, 1907.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS.

Elder Sylvester Q. Cannon, President of the NetherlandsBelgium mission,

writing from Rotterdam, September 19, to Elder Heber J. Grant, says: "It is

common among the elders when writing to you to tell you they appreciate the Era, but it is none the less meant. It certainly is a very valuable magazine, and those

who publish it are very magnanimous in sending it free of charge to all the missionaries in the field. Our work here is growing steadily, and developing in all

directions. The outlook is prosperous. We have about sixty elders in Holland

and Belgium, nearly one half of whom have come into the field within the past four months. Of course, as yet these brethren are not very free in the use of the

language, but as soon as they get a little farther along, together with the rest of the missionaries in this field, they will be able to accomplish a great work.

60 IMPROVEMENT. ERA.

There is plenty to do. The field is indeed ready for the harvest. A great deal of

inquiry is manifest. There is naturally some opposition, and some incorrect articles written in the papers. At the same time the papers are generally fair to us,

and set forth our views also. Good results are being obtained in the way of baptisms. During the month of August, fortyfive people were baptized, and the prospects are favorable for the future. We expect to be in another home by

October 13."

Mr. John Cottam, of No. 31 North Road, St. Helens, near Liverpool, England,

writing to Elder I. L. Robson, of Ogden, Utah, among other things concerning the

Latterday Saints, acknowledges that he and his family are the gainers by coming in contact with such men as Brother Robson and the elders. He says of the

pioneers: "Those Utah pioneers who are still living must be delighted with the

sixty years of great progress; and with such men as they are still educating for

the work, must achieve even greater success. If the converts you make in England are composed of the same material as the ear'.y pioneers, they should be persuaded to stay here and build up another Utah in this country. I am aware that

'Mormon'missionaries are only flesh and blood, like one's self, but I can truthfully say that I have never met such good, upright, straightforward men before, and anyone coming in contact with them will be benefitted by their presence."

Elder J. W. Linford, president of the Manawatu branch, Auckland,

New Zealand, writes, August 31, 1907: "In an carticle in the July

number of the Era, under 'Messages from the Missions,'giving an account of conditions in Porirua, the erroneous statement is made that most of the saints had fallen away, and would not invite the traveling elders to stav with them. While it is true that most of the Saints had grown indifferent, very

few had fallen away, and none have ever been known to deny the truth. In Porirua, as elsewhere in New Zealand, there are always some of the natives who stand

as pillars of light to their people. At no time in the history of the Porirua

branch have people refused entertainment to the elders. On the contrary, they

have always had kind treatment, and have had a comfortable, clean room at their disposal. They did tear the old chapel down, but it was done because it had been

condemned, and they took immediate steps to collect funds to rebuild."

Elder Jos. Woodbury writing the Era from Fairmont, West Va., September

23, states that he is encouraged at the prospects of the work in that part of the country, and that the outlook for the future is good. The greatest drawback is a

shortage of laborers. ''We are trying to impress upon our converts the fact that

the best way to learn more of the gospel is to teach it to others."He states that

they are about to organize a Mutual Improvement Association among the young people. The elders are all well and working hard, though through the past summer they have had considerable sickness.

Writing from Tuasivi, Savaii, Samoa, August 20, 1907, Elder Wilford A.

Porter says: "The Era is an ever welcome visitor to us who are laboring here on

the islands of the sunny South. Its pages are filled with inspiring and uplifting

EDITOR'S TABLE. 61

thoughts, which we take great delight in reading. The work is progressing nicely

here. There are three elders laboring on this island, and we are united in our labors.

Myself and Elder Chas. Lallathine recently returned from a two months'proselyting tour around the island. We were successful in holding several excellent

meetings and many good gospel conversations with the natives. While there are

many who are prejudiced, and refuse to listen to the gospel, there are those who are congenial and apparently anxious to listen to our teachings. Were it not for

the thoughts of being mocked and ridiculed by their own people, there would no dDubt be many who would gladly accept of the gospel. However, we do not feel

discouraged, but put our trust in the Lord. And we are thankful that we have

the privilege of publishing glad tidings of great joy to this people, who are indeed a branch of the house of Israel. '

Elder G, N. Curtis, secretary of the Northern States mission, writes from

Chicago, September 21: The Lord is blessing us in this part of his vineyard and

we have great cause to rejoice. Success is attending the efforts of the elders.

The conference presidents met in Chicago the 30th and 31st of August for the purpose of devising ways and means of reaching the people of the Northern States mission. Several plans were talked over, and as a result our different conferences

are following out several new plans. The one that is most in order is to divide

the company in two sections, and aim to spend one night during the week in several towns that have been previously marked out by the conference president, and then at the end of the week, hold several meetings at some chosen point. All the

elders are encouraged in this line of work, and are loud in praise of the same.

The improved condition cf our work speaks highly of this new methodWish you joy and success.

NOTES.

To live our religion is just as hard as to die for it. He that endures to the

end shall be saved. President Anthon H. Lund.

"In all your troubles, go to the Lord for help; in all your joys, go to the

Lord in praise and thanksgiving."—Dr. George H. Brimhall in White and

Blue.

One branch of the Transvaal legislature, at the urging of the ministry, has voted to present to King Edward the Cullinan diamond, found in the Premier mine in 1905. The stone uncut was four and one half inches long, two and threequarters

inches deep, and two and onehalf inches broad. It is valued at seven hundred

and fifty thousand dollars. It has been impossible until the present to find a purchaser, as there are few persons able to spend three quarters of a million dollars

on a single stone. If it had been sold to outsiders, the Transvaal government

would have received four hundred and fifty thousand dollars as its share, under the law which makes it the owner of threefifths oOuch stones. The mine owners will receive three hundred thousand dollars for their interest in the diamond.

IN LIGHTER MOOD.

A southern negro was brought into the courtroom accused of stealing a neighbor's chickens.

"Mister George Washington Shinetop, did you steal those chickens?"asked

the Judge pointedly.

"No, sah, jedge; Ah is to 'spectable fo'dat."

''But it is stated on good authority that a bundle of feathers was found in your back yard the day before Christmas."

''That 'sinneration, jedge, des proves mah innocence, co'z'how could de fedders be found in mah back yard de day befo'Chris'mus, when mah wife didn't pluck dose chickens until de day after Chri.'mus?"

What Harper's Weekly pronounces the meanest man in the world is described in the following story:

A Southerner went into the store of one of his neighbors, and asked him if he didn't want to trade.

"Whatchergot?"asked the storekeeper.

The man ran his hand down into his coat pocket and pulled out an egg.

"This,"said he.

"One aig!"said the storekeeper. "And what you want for that?"

"Waall, "drawled the man, "you can gimme a couple knittin'-needles for it, can't ye?""Ef that's all,"said the storekeeper, "I reckon I kin."

The man received the knittingneedles, and looking up at the storekeeper, he said: "Aren't you goin'to treat?"(The custom South demands a treat whenever a swap of any kind is made.

"Well,"said the storekeeper, "what you want?"

"Oh! I'm not perticilar,"said tin man. "Gi'me a drink o'sherry."

So the storekeeper handed out a bottle of sherry and a glass.

"Help yourself."

The man thought a moment, and then said, solemnly: "I never drink sherry

without breakin'an aig in it. '

"Well, upon mah soul,"thought the storekeeper. But he handed him the egg

he had just received and said: "Here's yoh aig; you kin have it."

The man broke t'ae egg into the glass of sherry, and in doing so discovered that the egg had two yolks. He drained the glass, smacked his lips, and pro.

nounced it a fine drink, and then said to the storekeeper: "You know you ought

to give me two more knittin'-needles, don't you?"

'asked the storekeeper, perplexed. "Why?

"Because,"said the man, "that aig o'mine had two yolks!"

SEVENTY'S COUNCIL TABLE.

BY B. H. ROBERTS, MEMBER OF THE FIRST COUNCIL.

To become a Seventy means mental activity, intellectual development, and the attainment of spiritual power.

Congratulations.—We congratulate the Seventies, first, upon their now

having an Organ; by which we mean, of course, a publication devoted to their interest; to the development of their views; and the principles for which they stand;

also a medium of announcement and publication of official acts. By means of the

Era the First Council will be in constant communication with all the quorums of the Seventy in the Church. They will be able to suggest, advise, counsel, and

direct the Seventies'work, both in administrative matters and in theological studies. This new adjunct to our work will be especially useful in aiding the class

work our quorums are about to undertake, since suggestions in relation to class methods and amplification of lesson topics can be made as occasions arise for such help to class teachers. Secondly, we congratulate the Seventies that the Era has

been chosen as the "Organ of the Seventies."Its literature, even in the past,

has been more generally adapted to our Seventies than to any other class of its readers; and the fact that it now becomes the Organ of the Seventies quorums as

well as of the Young Men's Improvement Associations, is a guarantee that it will continue to possess that quality. Let us be understood here: It is the intention

of the publishers, of course, to make the magazine appropriate to both organizations to which it stands in the relationship of organ; but what we mean to convey

in the above remark is, that the Era has been the medium, of late years, through which nearly all important doctrinal and theological articles both of an official and semiofficial character have been published, and it is these doctrinal papers that are of especial interest to the Seventies, since they deal with questions in which

Seventies are, or should be, intensely interested; and are published in such form

that they can be easily preserved and readily consulted. In this connection we

may say that the term magazine implies variety, a receptacle in which anything is stored, and hence a magazine gives wide latitude for a variety of literature;

stories, sketches, essays, poetry, drama, and the like. It is not expected, of

course, that its readers will be equally interested in all its parts. What may be

precious to one will be of no interest to another. One number may be issued in

which a subscriber will find many things that suit his tastes, or that are helpful in the special lines of work he is following. The next number may contain less

64 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

that appeals to him, and more that will appeal to another reader; all in all, however, each subscriber will doubtless find articles whose value to him will be worth

many times the price of the subscription; and so we say to our Seventies, now that

we have an organ, let us make use of it, both because it will give helpful suggestions in relation to conducting the special work of the quorums, and also because it will contain literature of the general character that will be helpful in preparing the members thereof for their labors in the ministry.

Official Recognition.—That the Seventy may see in what spirit the Young

Men's General Board met the proposition of the First Council to make the

Improvement Era the organ of the Seventies, we publish the official recognition of said proposition:

Sept. 24, 1907.

First Seven Presidents of Seventy,

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Dear Brethren:

The General Board direct me to write your honorable body saying that they deem it an honor to have you select the Organ of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations, the Improvement Era, as the Official Organ for the

Seventy, and to thank you for the honor so conferred. At a meeting of the Board

held September 11, it was unanimously and with pleasure carried that the Improvement Era also become the "Organ of the Seventy."

Very sincerely, your friend and brother,

Alpha J. Higgs, General Secretary.

The proposition has been equally welcomed by the Seventies wherever it has been presented to them, and is regarded as a most fortunate thing, both for the

Era and the quorums of Seventy.

Seventies Era Agents.—The presidents of the respective quorums should at

once take under advisement the appointment of an Era agent for the quorum, whose business it shall be to solicit subscriptions within the quorum for the magazine, giving every member the opportunity of subscribing, and it should be made clear to the brethren of our quorums what an advantage it would be for them to be subscribers to the Era, if they would keep abreast of their work and become acquainted with the literature that will help to prepare them for their special calling in the priesthood. It is the desire of the First Council that this work

shall be promptly and effiiciently performed, and let it be done at once, and if done thoroughly, it may then be dismissed for the year. The terms are two dollars

per year, paid in advance; and the agents should promptly send both names and

money to Alpha J. Higgs, Nos. 214215, Templeton Building, Salt Lake City. It

should be understood that the agents will render their services gratuitously; the

work is a labor of love and interest to the cause for which the Era stands, the

Seventies'work and the work of Mutual Improvement. The Era sends copies of

each issue free to some two thousand missionaries in all parts of the world; it

could not do this only that its agents who solicit and collect its subscriptions give

SEVENTY'S COUNCIL TABLE. 65

their service gratuitously in the interest of missionary work; and it is on this

basis that the First Council ask their brethren who shall be called to act as agents to accept the appointment cheerfully, and perform the work promptly and well.

The First Lesson.—We call especial attention of the quorums to the Introduction to the Seventy's Course in Theology for this year, and as there is no such

suggestion in the Introduction itself, we make it here. The Introduction should

be taken up as tne first lesson of the course, as an understanding of what is there set forth is necessary to a clear comprehension of what is sought to be achieved in the lessons following it. We advise, therefore, that on the first meeting of the

quorums, on the first Sunday in November, that the Introduction first be read through, and afterwards that it be read and discussed topic by topic until a thorough understanding shall be had of each division of it. Then at the second

meeting, the first lesson in Part I may be taken up.

Each member of the quorum should have The Seventies'Year Book, since he will not be able to fully participate in the lessons without he is so furnished. The

price of the Year Book is but 25 cents, and no Seventy can afford to be without it.

Quorums sending in their orders for the Year Book, should order as many as there are members in the quorum. A workman could just as consistently undertake a

job of work without tools, as a Seventy can undertake his class work without this book outlining the year's work; and the Presidents should put the matter forcibly

before the brethren, and take steps to have each member supplied with means of studying the class lessons.

The New Movement—The inauguration of the new working conditions

under which the quorums will hereafter do their work is quite frequently referred to as the "New Movement among the Seventies,"or more briefly ''The New Movement."The phrases are certainly not inappropriate; but have you stopped to

think what the "New Movement"will mean to Seventies work? In the first place

it gives us a daytime appointment for our quorum meetings, on a day regularly set apart for worship and thought and reading concerning the things of God; our

members are released from other Church duties during that forenoon, that they may devote themselves to this quorum appointment and its work; the arrangement

gives a uniform time of meeting for all the quorums in the Church; it will enable

all the quorums to pursue the same general line of study, and at the same time the meetings will be so frequent and regular that interest in the Seventies'course of study can be sustained throughout the year; the new arrangement practically

insures us a very much larger attendance upon quorum meetings; it sweeps away

all excuses for protracted absence from quorum appointments; it gives recognition

to the importance of the Seventies'work, and emphasizes the dignity of the foreign ministry of the Church; to use the phraseology of the Fist Presidency in their

circular letter to the Presidency of the Stakes—it will enable us "to make the

quorums the schools of instruction they ought to be, and which it was intended of the Lord from the beginning that they should become."

first General The General Conference of the Seventies, 1907.—The

Conference held by the Seventies in sixty three years convened at the Assembly 66 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Hall, Salt Lake City, on Friday evening, October 4, 1907, Elder Seymour B.

Young presiding. The number of quorums represented were 132 out of 151

quorums in the Church, so that all but 19 quorums were represented; and when it

is remembered that these quorums are scattered in three countries, Mexico, the

United States and Canada, in five of the intermountain states and two of the territories, the representation was remarkable. There were 239 Presidents of

quorums in attendance, and 277 members. The opening prayer was offered by

Elder Francis M. Lyman, President of the Council of the Twelve Apostles, and in

itself grandlv foreshadowed the purpose and spirit of the "New Movement among the Seventies."Words of greeting were given by the Senior President of the

First Council, Elder Seymour B. Young; after which the purpose of the "New

Movement"and the first year's course in theology, were outlined by Elder B; H.

Eoberts of the First Council. The singing led by Brother Evan Stephens was

spirited throughout, and contributed much to the enjoyment of those present. The

closing prayer was offered by Elder John Henry Smith. It was an occasion long

to be remembered, and the hope was very generally expressed that such a conference would be held every year, at the time of the General Conference of the Church, in

October.

Seventies'Conference in 1844.—The last General Conference of the

Seventies was held in the city of Nauvoo, beginning on the 26th of December, 1844, and continuing through one week. At that time there were fourteen

quorums of Seventy in the Church. These quorums that year had erected a

Seventies'Hall, and on the 26th of December, 1844, the dedicatory services began.

It was arranged that two quorums with their wives and children should meet each day throughout the week, with the first council always present. A number of the

Twelve Apostles were present at each of the services and addressed the Seventies and their families. President Brigham Young offered the dedicatory prayer at the

first session of the conference, and W. W. Phelps'hymn, "A voice from the

Prophet,"written for these services, was sung; it's opening line is

''Come to me, will ye come to the Saints that have died, ''etc.

It was for these services also that the late President John Taylor wrote his heroic hymn, ''The Seer, the Seer, Joseph the Seer!'

though he dedicated the hymn to President Brigham Young.

All these are pleasant memories, even if they are tinged with sadness, and we gladly refer to them for the instruction of our Seventies in relation to the history of our organizations. Now that we have resumed the holding of our

general Seventies conferences, and with them have now gathered up the scattered threads of our history, let us hope that never again will sixtythree years be allowed to pass without a general Seventies conference b eing held.

MUTUAL WORK.

HELPING TO GET FIFTEEN THOUSAND.

We are pleased to note that a number of the association officers have already secured five per cent of their Church poputation, and over, as subscribers for

Vol. XI of the Improvement Era. The Heber City Second ward, Wasatch stake,

President RoyalJ. Murdock, and Counselor Leo N. Richards, had already secured a

list of 51 subscriptions on September 27, which is nearly eleven per cent of the

Church population, and by Octob15 they had 72, or 15 per cent.

In connection with this work theyer were doing effective missionary labor, before the opening of the season. They had visited nearly

every man who is of Mutual Improvement age in their ward, and their efforts in this direction are certainly commendable, and a good example to other Mutual

Improvement officers in the Church. Superintendent John

royal j. murdock. T. Roberts "writes that | the leo N. Richards.

satisfaction they received from their labors is worth all the effort they put forth, and they rejoice in the work accomplished,not so much from the goodly number of subscribers they obtained, as in the fact that the Lord blessed them in meeting with the young men of their ward, and in feeling that the spirit of the gospel is still with the young men of Zion, and that they are willing to assist with their means the institutions of the Church.

"President Murdock and Counselor Richards,"says Superintendent Roberts, "have been connected with the Second ward Y. M. M. I. A. for two years past, and have

been able to get five per cent of the ward population for the past two volumes but this did not satisfy them, and, as President Murdock expresses himself, 'Most people will not follow you up asking that they may subscribe; but if you will go

after them and take their names, it is an easy matter to get subscribers.'I am

68 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

not informed just what other wards of the stake are doing along this line, but feel confident that our share of the 15,000 will be forthcoming."

Superintendent Preston D. Richards, of the Granite stake, reports that on

Monday, October 14, all the wards in that stake had secured five per cent, as subscribers, and many of the wards more.

In this connection, the second ward of Rexburg should also be named, as its officers had secured nearly five per cent as early as the 1st of October.

What one ward and stake can do, all the others may. It is a matter of getting

at it in the right way. From the encouraging reports received, we are confident

volume XI will reach the 15,000 mark. Have you done your part?

PLANNED WORK;

At the stake convention held in Pocatello, September 8, Elder Noah S. Pond,

of the Stake presidency, read the following paper. It is full of good counsel, is

an inspiration to systematic effort, and its advice applies not only to M. I. A.

work and workers, but also to other affairs of life, and to laborers in other directions. The person who would succeed may gather this motto from its teachings:

"Plan your work, then work your plan:"

Planned work implies system. System does not mean an endless amount of

red tape, but rather the attainment of a desired aim, the accomplishment of proper result by the shortest possible route. Discreet and wise adjustment of

means to ends will bring success. All work, reforms or revolutions must be

wisely planned and carefully executed, if they are to be effectual. History shows

very generously that no great epoch in thought or morals has shown signal success which has not been minutely marked out, and which was not duly adjusted to antecedents and consequents. The records of the past abound with premature and

belated efforts to accomplish a great good, all of which came to naught because the details were not properly planned.

We must not want the end without the means. We must not expect the

harvest before the planting of the seed and the growth thereof. We must not

expect victory before the battle. The laws of nature and of Providence, too, are

true to the logic of events. Antecedents always precede consequents: premises

must go before conclusion; causes before results.

(a) Value and Necessity of Regular Officers'Meetings and Persistent

Missionary Work.

Were I honored with the call as president of a Mutual Improvement Association, I would labor earnestly for the establishment of regular and systematic officers'meetings. By being prompt and regular myself, I could reasonably well

urge similar fidelity on the part of every other officer. Adopt an order of business

MUTUAL WORK. 69

for the purpose of methodically disposing of each necessary feature of your work:

(1) Opening exercises in which each officer should participate in singing. And

sing with the desire for improvement, development, and the good that comes from the power of example. (2) Prayer in which the aid of our Heavenly Father

would be invoked in our work. (3) Reading of minutes. (4) Correspondence.

Read all letters from stake or general boards. Discuss their contents and properly

dispose of all important features. (5) Reports, (a) Membership, (b) Missionary

work, (c) Era subscriptions, Manuals, funds, (d) Amusements. (6) Miscellaneous. (7) Dismissal.

(b) Preliminary Programs and'Manual Work.

Appoint a live and capable program committee. Choice recreative, intellectual programs will be found first class inducements for prompt attendance and

increased enrollment. I suggest close adherence to outlines in our last year's Manual, as follows, with one addition:

1. Devotional Exercises—Singing and prayer.

2. Literary Exercises—Story, recitation, essay, extemporaneous speaking or

reading. 3. Musical Exercises—Vocal solos, duets, quartettes, instrumental, congre.

gational singing of hymns.

4. Current Events—Political, social, scientific progress.

5. Parliamentary Practice—Successfully resolving entire audience into a parliamentary body with capable chairman and leaders on the floor, will be found

highly interesting and instructive practice for thirty minutes.

Invite assistance of class leaders in mapping out manual work.

(c) Adopt Systematic Methods for Obtaining and Distributing Manuals.

Ascertain as near as possible the number that may be in attendance at opening of the season's work and have sufficient Manuals on hand at that meeting.

Endeavor to have each young man purchase a Manual. This will not only add

interest and numbers to the enrollment, but will also prove an opening wedge in many instances in securing subscribers for the Era, when the young men are informed that they receive this valuable treatise free by subscribing for the Era.

(d) Give a Synopsis of Contents of Senior and Junior Manuals.

We are requested to give a synopsis of that which we have not yet reviewed or seen. But from the report of Elder E. H. Anderson, before the young men's

recent annual conference, we learn that the Senior Manual is entitled "Spiritual

Growth,"and "will consist of about twenty lessons on spiritual topics, showing that 'Mormonism'is a reasonable and natural religion. Prayer, its meaning and

what it has accomplished in the history of the world, will be presented in two lessons."Definition: "Prayer is spiritual communion in which the children of

our Father may with hearts, heads, and destinies united, go up into the mountain of Transfiguration, and bring to earth the Kingdom of Heaven."

70 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Were I to venture mention of some examples which may be presented in the

Manual, or used in connection with it, I would name such illustrious characters as Adam, Moses, Joshua, David, Solomon, Daniel, Peter and John, Paul and Silas, our beloved Savior, all of Biblical fame. In secular history no more beautiful picture of supplication can be presented than that of the ''Father of our Country,"

Washington, in solitude upon bended knees, in the forests of Fort Putnam and Valley Forge, in 1777-8, a period which "sorely tried men's souls,"imploring

Divine aid for preservation and freedom of our country and cause. In Ecclesiastical history, the life -long prayer of the priest and patriot, Savonarola, "Lord,

teach me the way thou wouldst have my soul to walk,"is another beautiful example.

In our own day the prayers of the Prophet Joseph Smith stand preeminent, the fervor and sincerity of which drew from the heavens the Father and Son, and these, with angelic personages, became the prophet's tutors.

Succeeding lessons will present reasons for Church organizations and their effect on spiritual growth. Ordinances in the Church, and loyalty to the priesthood will be shown to be growth in the right direction One lesson will present the

advantage, wisdom and practicability of counsel. Personal experiences and testimonies from Church works will be considered. The history and value of tithing

will be the topic of two lessons. A third lesson will adduce testimony from

mediaeval and modern history. What chastity is and its effects will be interestingly

presented in two lessons. Another lesson will deal with fasting and show how

this principle promotes spiritual communion. Offerings to the poor and general

love for humanity, chastity and the strength that is derived therefrom will be subjects for concluding discussions.

From this brief and imperfect synopsis it will be readily seen and freely conceded that this year's manual, with its wealth of inspiring suggestions, will outclass its predecessors, and through the net results of its mental and spiritual feastings, may be declared "the best one of them all."

May we welcome its advent and be blessed in the perusal of its contentsThe Junior Manual is a reproduction of 19021903, containing eighteen lessons on '"The Acts of the Apostles,"their endowment, hbors in and beyond

Jerusalem; persecutions through which they passed; conversion of Saul; why they

were taken to the Gentiles; missionary journeys and imprisonments; Saul's defense

before the Jewish council; Felix and Festus.

(e) Select Proficient Class Leaders and Urge them to Develop Interest in the Classes.

Were I selected as a class leader in a Mutual Improvement Association, I would accept the honor as a compliment to my ability, not in the egotism of my soul, but in the gratitude of my heart, and God being my helper, would lend every effort to the successful discharge of this educational responsibility. Interest is

most quickly developed where the best and most earnest thought is gathered, concentrated, and focused upon the subject matter before a class. It is said that

MUTUAL WORK. 71

we may scatter the contents of a powder keg upon an area of twelve or fifteen square feet, and when exploded it will be nothing more than a harmless flare, but imprison the same amount of powder in a rock, and when it explodes the concussion will be great enough to blow to atoms forty tons of granite.

(f) Create Enthusiasm among the Officers and Inspire Them with the

Spirit of the Work.

Enthusiasm is a prime quality needed in men of activity. It is born of

energy and the consciousness of power. Enthusiasm is one of the characteristics

in the accomplishment of great things, and has always manifested itself wherever great work was done; whether in silent, studious research, or in the pressure of

the thunders of war; whether in the workshop, in the field, at the desk, on the

platform or the battlefield, it is the same enthusiasm which conquers all. No

man is so poor as he who has lost or expended all his enthusiasm. Luther's

enthusiasm won for him his high place in history. Agassiz was led by enthusiasm

to the trackless forests of the Amazon and the towering rocks of the Alps. The

deep meditation of Newton, the gigantic calculations of Keppler, the valuable discoveries of Faraday, the heroic inventions of Galileo andHerschel were all aided by this wonderful element of enthusiasm. What would have been the result had

Washington, Longfellow, or Gladstone been devoid of enthusiasm in their work?

What of Hannibal, the Carthagenian, or Julius Caesar, the Roman? Not even

sickness, poverty or disaster, could cool or kill the enthusiasm of Palissy, the potter. Enthusiasm was one of the elements which led Elihu Burritfc from the

forge and anvil to the mastery of forty languages. It sustained John Bunyan,

while he wrote the Pilgrim's Progress within prison walls.

Csesar's enthusiasm created bravery in the face of peril. Through it he

smote the Helvetians and subdued Gaul, suppressed insurrections as they arose;

forced his way into all the strongholds of his enemies; crossed the Rhine upon a

bridge of his own building; passed into Britain and penetrated the Thames.

After eight years of continuous war, in which he never lost a battle, he returned to his own beloved Italy to fight with equal enthusiasm one of the bloodiest of civil wars. His enthusiasm glorified all his accomplishments, and his

career closed at last with the high honor of martyrdom for the liberty of Rome's downtrodden people. May the fire of enthusiasm be kindled in the hearts of all

mutual workers, to our ultimate success and our Father's glory. Amen.

Pocatello, Idaho.

CHANGES IN STAKE SUPERINTENDENTS.

George A.Taggarthas been appointed superintendent of Morgan stake, Utah,

Y. M. M. I. A., to succed C. M. Croft; George T. Crosby, Jr. of the St. Joseph

72 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

stake, Arizona, to succeed W. T. Webb, who was released July 27; Charles A.

Hardy, of Vernal, Uintah stake, to succeed Elder David Bennion; H. E. Maxfield,

of Fremont, Wayne stake, to succeed M. W. Maxfield of Teasdale, Utah; Edward

M. Ashton, 984 Lincoln Avenue, Salt Lake City, of Liberty stake, to succeed

Louis Iverson; Walter Hogan, of Thatcher, Idaho, of Bannock stake, to succeed

Harry Horsley, of Soda Springs; Rodney Hillam,Jr., 129 C street, Salt Lake City,

of Ensign stake, to succeed Mathoninah Thomas; Wm. H. Lovesey, of Pocatello

stake. Idaho, to succeed Elvin J. Norton; Preston D. Richards, of Granite stake, to

succeed W. C. Winder. The superintendents and their addresses are as follows:

Alberta—William 0. Lee, Cardston, Alberta, Canada

Alpine—George N. Child, Lehi, Utah

Bannock—Walter Hogan, Thatcher, Idaho

Bear Lake—Edward Saxton, Paris, Idaho.

Beaver—Hyrum M. White, Beaver, Utah

Benson—Parley N. Nelson, Richmond, Utah

Big Horn—John H. Hinckley, Cowley, Wyoming

Bingham—Robert Andrus, Ako, Idaho, Idaho Falls R. D., No. 2

Blackfoot—T. J. Bennett, Shelley, Idaho

Box Elder—Ernest P. Horsley, Brigham City, Utah

Cache—A. E. Cranney, Logan. Utah

Cassia—Albert M. Merrill. Oakley, Idaho

Davis, North—Hubert C. Burton, Kaysville, Utah

Davis, South—Jos. F. Tingey, Centerville, Utah

p. Oveson, Cleveland, Utah Emery—Louis

Ensign—Rodney Hillam, Jr., 129 C Street, Salt Lake City

Fremont—George E. Hyde, Rexburg, Idaho

Granite—Preston D. Richards, 1935 9th East Street, Salt Lake Citv

Hyrum—D. M. Bickmore, Paradise, Utah

Jordan—Joshua P. Terry, Draper, Utah

Juarez—George S. Romney, Colonia Juarez, Chihuahua, Mexico

Kanab—Heber J. Meeks, Orderville, Utah

Liberty—Edward M. Ashton, 984 Lincoln Avenue, Salt Lake City

Malad—Richard Hill, Malad, Idaho

Maricopa—Mahonri A.Stewart, Mesa, Arizona

Millard—John A. Beckstrand, Meadow, Utah

Morgan—George A. Taggart, Morgan, Utah

Nebo—Samuel E. Taylor, Payson, Utah

North Sanpete—Hans P. Hansen, Fairview, Utah

Oneida—Arthur W. Hart, Preston, Idaho

Panguitch—John E. Steele, Panguitch, Utah

Parowan—Samuel E. Jones, Cedar City, Utah

Pioneer—Edward H. Eardley, 412 So, First West Street, Salt Lake City

Pocatello—William H. Lovesey, Pocatello, Idaho

Salt Lake—George Q. Morris, 2123 W. South Temple Street, Salt Lake City

MUTUAL WORK. 73

St. George—David H. Morris, St. George, Utah

St. Johns—C. S. Love, Eagar, Arizona

St. Joseph—George T. Crosby, Safford, Arizona

San Juan—Albert R. Lyman, Grayson, Utah

San Luis—Erastus A. Neilson, Sanford, Colorado

Sevier—Christian Peterson, Glenwood, Utah

Snowflake—Joseph W. Smith, Snowflake, Arizona

South Sanpete—Lewis R. Anderson, Manti, Utah

Star Valley—Brigham D. Gardner, Thayne, Utah

Summit—George E. Wilkins Peoa, Utah

Taylor—Mark H. Brimhall, Raymond, Alberta, Canada

Teton—Walter H. Durrant, Briggs, Idaho

Tooele- -John A. Lindberg, Toeole, Utah

Uintah—Charles A. Hardy, Vernal, Utah

Union—E. Z. Carbine, La Grande, Oregon

Utah—E. S. Hinckley, Trovo, Utah

Wasatch—John T. Roberts, Heber City, Utah

Wayne—H. E. Maxfield, Fremont, Utah

Weber—John L. Herrick, Ogden, Utah

Woodruff—T. J. Brough, Lyman, Wyoming.

RECORDS AND ROLL BOOKS.

Elder Rudger Clawson said in a recent M. I. A. general conference

"Anything that is worth doing is worth doing well, and anything that is worth doing well is worthy of being reported, and if it is worthy of being reported, it is worthy of preservation. I wish to emphasize that point. In some associations,

pains are taken to get a record, but after it is completed it is laid aside and lost.

I would like to say a word in relation to the roll book. In many instances, the

roll book is kept without dates of the meetings or even the year—that is a bad

oversight, and should be corrected. I would like to emphasize the statement that

in all cases,"record books should be kept, and that they should be well bound so they can be preserved. The time may come when the historian will want to write

up a general history of the Mutual Improvement organization, and will come to these records in the various stakes of Zion and in the various wards; and if the

records are lost, or if the information is incomplete in the records, they will not be of much service."

The General Board have prepared a minute book, on sale at the Era office, which is of great assistance to the secretaries in their work. Has your association

one? It is well for the stake officers to look into the matter of rolls and records,

and see that they are kept so that reports can be made on a moment's call.

EVENTS AND COMMENTS.

BY EDWARD H. ANDERSON.

New Member of the Quorum of the Twelve.—Elder Anthony W. Ivins,

president of Juarez stake, Mexico, has been nominated, sustained and ordained one of the Twelve Apostles of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, to fill the vacancy in the Quorum of Twelve, caused by the death of Elder George

Teasdale. His name was accepted by the quorum of Twelve Apostles, then

presented to and sustained by the Church at the seventyeighth semiannual conference, Sunday, October 6, 1907. Anthony Woodward Ivins, son

of Israel Ivins and Anna Lowrie, was born at Toms River, Ocean county, New

Jersey, September 16, 1852, and a year later came to Utah with his parents, who remained in Salt Lake City until 1861, when the family removed to St.

George. His education was obtained in the public schools. From an early age he

has been accustomed to practical labor; and he has been a Church worker from

the first. As early as 1875, he performed a mission to Mexico, exploring, with

his companions, the Salt River Valley, the Little Colorado River country, and northern Chihuahua and all the section of country where the Latterday Saints are now settled, in Mexico.

His second mission was to the Navajo and Pueblo Indians, in Arizona and

New Mexico, in 1878. The year following, he became an active officer in the Y.

M. M. I. A. of St. George, presiding first over the fourth ward, and later over the

consolidated associations. He became a High Councilor in St. George stake in

1881, and in 1888, the first counselor in the stake presidency. In 1895, he was

chosen president of the Juarez stake, Mexico, which was organized on the 9th of

December. From that time on he has resided in Colonia Juarez, conducting the

affairs of his stake with marked ability.

In political matters, he has been no less active. He served in St. George as

constable, city councilor, attorney and mavor; in the county, as deputy sheriff and

prosecuting attorney; and in the state, as representative to the legislature in 1894,

as a member of the state constitutional convention of 1895; and as government Indian agent for the Shebit Indians for two years. He gave satisfaction in

every position. As in Church and political affairs, he has had wide and successEVENTS AND COMMENTS. 75

ful experience in business. As manager of the Mojave Land and Cattle company,

and the Kiabah Cattle company of Utah and Arizona, and at present vicepresident and general manager of the Mexican Colonization and Agricultural company, he has shown persistent push, wise judgment, careful management and many other preeminent business qualifications that stamp him a successful man of affairs.

His practical, wide and varied business, ecclesiastical, and colonizing experiences fit him specially for the exalted calling which he now occupies as one of the

Twelve. Besides these qualifications, he is an energetic student, and a fluent and

effective public speaker, and he is not unknown to readers of the Era as a writer.

He is a practical, influential man of the people, in possession of deep sympathy for the masses, and in full enjoyment of the spirit and power of the gospel of Jesus

Christ as a redeeming and uplifting force in the world. He can lasso and brand a

steer with the roughest cowboy; or hold his own side by side with the hardiest sons

of toil; yet, as a father under the refining influences of home, as a member of

society, an able minister in the house of worship, or a counselor and leader among the people, he commands the attention and admiration of all classes.

Oklahoma.- By a vote of about three to one, the constitution of the state

of Oklahoma was adopted at an election held September 17. The clause which extends over the entire state the prohibition of the sale of intoxicating liquors, already provided for in Indian Territory, was adopted by a majority of ab,out 30,000;

and the whole Democratic state ticket, with Charles N. Haskell for governor, was

elected by a plurality of about 20,000. Four out of five congressmen were

elected by the Democrats, who have also a large majority in the legislature which will choose two United States senators. The action of the legislature is foreshadowei by the primaries held last June, at which Robert L. Owen, who is oneeighth Cherokee, a graduate of Washington and Lee University, a teacher, an

editor, a banker, lawyer, and an Indian agent to the Five Tribes; and Thomas P.

Gore, a brilliant young blind man, were elected for senators. Charles Carter, who

is onefourth Chickasaw Indian, and also has some Cherokee Indian blood, a Democrat, farmer and stockman, is Congressmanelect from the 4th Oklahoma District.

But this man Thomas P. Gore will interest young men, for according to biographies printed of him he has probably overcome a greater physical handicap to

achieve success than any other national figure in the history of our country. He

is 37 years of age, and totally blind. When eight years of age he was struck in

the eye by a playmate, and at eleven years of age, while serving as a page in the

Mississippi state senate, he was struck in his remaining eye with the arrow of a crossbow. But undaunted, he went on with his studies, entering college at sixteen, where he asked no favors, and graduated with distinction. In June, 1892,

he graduated from the law school of Cumberland University, Tenn. In 1902, he

was elected to the territorial senate, and in the campaign last summer stumped the state and convinced the people, by his ready wit, his iron memory, and his remarkable eloquence, that he would be of more use to the people in the national senate than the millionaire banker, or the wealthy attorney, who were his opponents in what is pronounced "a heated and acrimonious campaign.*'If the legislature shall follow instructions, his election to the senate is practically assured

76 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Mr. Gore owes much of his educational success to a fellow classand roommate,

Charles H. Pittman, who, during the long college years, studied aloud at all times

so that his blind companion could follow the daily tasks.

Why does Oklahoma have five Congressmen? you ask. Because it is shown,

by the recently completed census, that the state has a population of 1,408,732. It

has grown to this number since 1900. when Indian Territory and Oklahoma, which

two former territories now compose the new state, had.a population of 790,391.

The enabling act gives the state five, but the population really entitles it to seven representatives, on the basis of the present apportionment. The state is big in

area, also: for it is estimated that the whole of New England could be set down in

Oklahoma, and yet leave a fringe of territory amounting to nearly 4,000 square miles.

President Roosevelt's Trip Through the Middle West.—On Sunday

evening, September 29, President Roosevelt left Washington for an extended trip through the Middle West. He stopped first at Canton where he delivered an address at the dedication of the McKinley monument. He sailed down the Mississippi

river from Keokuk, where he met many governors and addressed the people, to

Memphis, on the typical, oldfashioned sternwheel steamer Mississippi as a guest of the Inland Waterways Commission. This journey was made to accentuate the

government's increasing interest in the preparing and maintenance of a deep water highway from the Lakes to the Gulf. It is pointed out that the opening of the

Panama canal will give to the Mississippi the opportunity of transporting perhaps onefifth of our nation's commerce. At St. Louis the governors of eighteen states

greeted and, with the people, eagerly welcomed the President. Here, on October 2,

he made an address in favor of deepwater transportation, and justified the Pacific cruise of our battleships. Arriving at Memphis at noon, October, 4, he delivered

an address to a large crowd, and then took train for Lake Providence, Louisiana, in the canebrake region, where his hunting camp was pitched, and where he spent a brief season of seclusion and sport.

The President's addresses on this journey are masterful expositions of the attitude of the government on wrongdoers of great wealth, on the control of corporations, the Pacific fleet, the value of a Mississippi deepwater way, the

Panama Canal, business and justice, and his own estimation of the character of

President McKinley.

Of the PanamaCanal, he said that in August, 1,200,000 cubic yards were excavated, and at this rate, the actual digging could be finished in five or six years.

On wrongdoers of wealth he said:

At intervals during the last few months the appeal has been made to me not to enforce the law against certain wrongdoers of greath wealth, because to do so would interfere with the business prosperity of the country.

Whenever a serious effort is made to cut out what is evil in our political life, whether the effort takes the shape of warring against the gross and sordid forms of evil in some municipality, or whether it takes the shape of trying to secure the honest enforcement of the law as against very powerful and wealthy people, there are sure to be certain individuals who demand that the movement stop, because it may hurt business. In each case the answer must be that we

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. 77

earnestly hope and believe that there will be no permanent damage to business from the movement, but that if righteousness conflicts with the fancied needs of business, then the latter must go to the wall.

I am as certain as I can be of anything that the course we are pursuing will ultimately help business; for the corrupt man of business is as great a foe to this

country as the corrupt politician. Both stand on the same evil eminence of infamy.

Against both it is necessary to war; and if, unfortunately, in either type of warfare, a few innocent people are hurt, the responsibility lies not with us, but with

those who have misled them to their hurt.

McKinley Mausoleum Dedicated.—On September 30, at Canton, Ohio,

the monument to William McKinley was dedicated, President Roosevelt attending.

The cost of the monument was $578,000 received in loving contributions from the people of the United States and many other countries. The bronze statue of

President McKinley, which stands in front of the entrance to the great tomb, was unveiled by Miss Helen McKinley, the only sister of the late President. The

pedestal supporting this statue bears the following inscription, the words of President Wheeler of the University of California, used in 1901, when the degree of

LL. D. was conferred on President McKinley, at the time of his western journey:

William McKinley, President of the United States; a statesman singularly

gifted to unite the discordant forces of the government and mould the diverse purposes of men toward progressive and salutary action; a magistrate whose poise of

judgment was tested and vindicated in a succession of national emergencies; good

citizen, brave soldier, wise executive, helper and leader of men, exemplar to his people of the virtues that build and conserve the State, society and the home.

Mrs. McKinley, the heroine of a great national love story, the sweetheart

wife of the late president, was buried last May. It was her wish that she might

live to see the monument completed, but this consolation was denied her. The

site selected for the memorial is a half mile west of the receiving vault where the bodies of the President and his wife now lie, and not far from the original

McKinley lot in West Lawn Cemetery.

''Not far away"says Joe Mitchell Chappie, "from the resting place of William

McKinley and his wife lie their children. At the head of the two little graves is

a bronze cherub upholding a basket of flowers; the figure seems the very emblem

of immortality, and almost speaks aloud of victory over death and the grave. Just

over the brook, its waters running 'smooth music from the roughest stone,'on the crest of the ridge, is the memorial. It is approached by circular terraces with

spacious flights of steps, recalling a picture of some old Grecian temple. Before

it is a lagoon whose tranquil waters lend the charm of a magical restfulness to the landscape. The memorial may be reached from the rear by two other stairways, and from the height one looks over the beautiful green hills and valleys,

forests and lakes of Stark County. '

this Nebo Stake Tabernacle.—A new style of church architecture for

region, excepting, perhaps, Ogden, is the Nebo Stake tabernacle, recently completed at Payson, Utah, and to be dedicated at the stake conference this November. Its dimensions are 60x125 feet, not including towers and portico. The tow-

78 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

era are 54 feet high. The auditorium is 58x123 feet, with a 28foot ceiling.

The exterior is of white pressed brick, and the wood is all of Oregon fir, except the flooring, which is of white maple. The pressed steel ceiling is colored white

and gold, and the walls are a light green, making the color scheme white.and

gold and green. The building is seated with best grade pews, and furnished with

electric lights, steam heating plant; and matting for the aisles. The acoustic

properties, tested by Elders George Albert Smith, Reed Smoot and the stake presidency, John S. Page, Jr, Hermon Lemon and Henry Gardner, are pronounced

very good. The conveniences and comforts of the building are said to be much

better than some tabernacles costing two or three times as much as this one.

The cost of the completed building is $22,000.

The Awakening.—Since the Japanese proved their ability to defeat the

soldiers of a great European power on the battlefields, the more highly civilized peoples of Asia have had a great awakening, and as an outcome the agitation for selfrule is fast gaining momentum among them. In Bengal and Hindustan, there

appears to be a spirit of inquiry as to why the triumph of Japan cannot be repeated elsewhere—and as a result there are omens of a desire for selfrule,

accompanied by great unrest throughout India. It is called to mind that the

seemingly fundamental step towards reclothing Japan with dignity and authority after the extinction of the old rule, was the establishment of a constitution, and the introduction of a parliament. Persia seems to have been the first Asiatic nation to profit by the example, and that country's national assembly is now engaged

in legislation. The Dowager Empress of China, said to be the most powerful

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. 79

woman ruler in the world, now in her 73rd year, has announced her approval of many reforms in the administration of the Chinese Empire. She recently ordered

the council of state to prepare plans for the admission of her subjects to a share in the national government, at no distant date. Hence, it is not surprising that the

more advanced natives of India should begin to enquire of Britain why they also may not take part in legislation relating to their own affairs. To this end the

Hindus have clled an "Indian National Congress, "and the Mohammedans of India> who constitute the largest Islamic community on the face of the earth, have organized an "All Indian Moslem League"with the avowed purpose of preparing a constitution providing for a national parliament to be finally presented for ap.

provalto the British government. The problem, in case their request is denied

which there is good reason to believe it will be as long as the House of Lords has a voice in the matter, is one of dreadful gravity. Why? Because, in the Indian

empire there is perhaps less than three million Christians, including soldiers and civilians, against a mixed mass of 207,000,000 Hindus, 62,000,000 Mohammedans, and 22,000,000 Buddhists, Jains, Sikhs, Animists, etc. These three

hundred millions have been resigned and quiescent since the insurrection of 1857, but now there are signs of upheaval among them which may well excite the profound misgivings of the rulers; this, notwithstanding that the classes or kinds of

people may not be united, for each agitation is on so huge a scale that it may prove formidable in itself. Owing first to the new AngloRussian treaty, and second to

the fact that the artillery is exclusively in British hands, there is little hope that an uprising could hope for success, but strikes and boycotts of English goods might be inaugurated, which would mean destruction to many British manufactures, and this alone is causing many English residents much anxiety.

The Bear and the Lion Lie Down Together.—A new treaty, recently

published, between Russia and Great Britain clearly defines the interests of the two countries in Central Asia, and if carried out sincerely by both parties will put a stop to the struggle over Central Asia which has been going on between the two powers for a large part of the last half century. It is reported that the hope of

Russia to gain the head of the Persian Gulf by rail, and so obtain an ice free sea port, is now, on account of the treaty, definitely abandoned. India is thus completely fended by buffer states which Russia for the first time explicitly agrees not to

invade. On the other hand, Great Britain acknowledges the importance of Russia's commercial interests in Northern Persia, and practically sacrifices all that

was supposed to have been gained by Col. Younghusband's invasion of Tibet. The

action practically allies France with the two great powers, and closes Germany out from another concert of the Powers, and she will probably on that account be checked in her commercial advance into Persia. Another result is the practical

ending of the Japanese alliance with Britain which country, being freed from fear of Russian invasion of India, against which the Japs had promised to assist, finds the Japanese alliance no longer so necessary. A neutral strip in Persia is provided,

into which the Russian sphere from the north and the British sphere from the south are not to be extended. The predominent British interests in the Gulf of

Persia are not explicitly recognized in the convention, but as nothing appears to be 80 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

said against them, the English will doubtless continue to enjoy the present privileges. Afghanistan is practically placed under British tutelage. Both countries

agree to treat with Tibit only through the Chinese government.

Utah State Fair.—One of the best, it is safe to say the best—state fairs

ever held in Utah closed a sixdays'run on October 5. Better, more important and

more numerous manufacturing exhibits were never before witnessed in the history of the fair association. The stock and other animal exhibits were very interesting

and satisfactory. The fruit and farm industries, showed market strides of progress

since the fair of two years ago. The exhibits and promises of dry farming were grand

revelations. There were more buildings, more room, better preparation, than

ever before. The amusements were not overlooked, and the horseracing drew

bigger crowds and got more praise than usual. The mining industry, strange to

say, was nearly lacking, and the art exhibit, though good could be largely improved.

The attendance broke all previous records. On Friday 40,000 people attended,

and on the last day 25,000, while the total attendance was 137,000 against 51,- 500 in 1905. All told, there are $20,000 to the good from gate recipts. The

directors decided to hold a fair next year, to make the mining exhibit a feature, to improve the entrance acccmmodations, and to add attractive features to every division and amusement for 1908. President J. G. McDonald and Secretary H. S.

Ensign were delighted with the fair's success, and promise greater things for the future.

The First Aerogram.—There were failures in Wall Street, political troubles, personal and domestic tragedies.strikes, and other important items that filled the

news columns of the daily papers on Thursday, October 17; but no event approached

in importance the fact that on this day the Marconi Wireless Telegraphy Company began sending transAtlantic wireless messages between Canada and Great Britain.

The first message was sent by Sir Wilfred Laurier, Premier of Canada, congratulating the British people on the new means of communication between Great Britain and Canada. The message was received without a flaw in the office at Clifden, Ireland, and flashed from there to every newspaper in the kingdom. The

rate per word for Atlantic messages is ten cents. Think of sending accurately

twenty words a minute, three thousand miles, through the air, without a wire to guide them! It is not only a stupendous scientific feat, but an epochmaking

marvel, one of the most wonderful achievements of man recorded in history 22i2S0,n,0,o0ooc.-->.iooj';, ",,0,ri *':,#0..; *,",*ooooooocoo J. B. Robbins, A. C. Keeley, R. Dumbcck

S. L. Bird, Manager. S. B. Robbins

ALBERT S. REISER 1Cream Shipped everywhere 2

S2 I JEWELER 1 Salt Lake City, Utah. % KEELEY

Choice line ofICE CREAM COMPANY

Wholesale and Retail Maken of WATCHES,

Pure Ice Cream, DIAMONDS, Sherbets, JEWELRY, Water Ices, COT GLASS.

Fancy Bricks, SS Frozen Puddings, SILYERWARE, Punches, Etc. OPTICAL GOODS.

SS HIGH GRADE CANDIES | Fine Watch and Jewelry Repairing

Delivered to Any Part of the City

Mail order* solicited Factory and Office, 260 State St. Bell Telephone 2640 k.

Both Phones 3223 Prompt Service, SK

OOO0tQfOf0Q0fQC00On-.. P > * *..

Salt Like City, Utah.

The REMINGTON AUTOLOADING SHOTGON "Browning's Patent'

It was the Remington Autoloading Shotgun, in ihe hands of an amateur, that won the recent Grand American Handicap against 495 contestants. It is

the PERFECT gun for trap and field.

Send fur our 150 page catalog; it is free. We have "Ever ything for

Every Sport in Every Season."

BROWNING BROS. CO., Ogden, Utah.

The Ensign Knitting Co.

Positively make* the best SWEATERS and KNITTED UNDERWEAR in the West of the wellknown original Nauvoo Brand always on hand. APPROVED GARMENTS

Their Mountain Lion Brand HOSIERY is as nearly holeproof as can be, and U strictly

guaranteed.

If your dealers do not carry their goods, call or write to the factory direct, 1 30 and 22 Richards Street, Salt Lake City, Utah,

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

SCENIC LINE OF THE WORLD

f\ pai}ora(i)a Canyon of the Grande Canyon of the Gunnison

Of ffatural Eagle River Canyon Garden of the Gods

Beauty all Wagon Wheel Gap Manitou Springs fl?e U/ay. Glenwood Springs The Royal Gorge

PULLMAN AND TOURIST SLEEPERS

TO DENVER, ST. LOUIS AND CHICAGO

For Folders, Booklets, etc., address I. A. BENTON, Gi A. P. D., Salt Lake City, Utah

It Dosen't Matter Where You Co

YOU WANT TO GET THERE QUICKLY.

YOU WANT TO TRAVEL WITH THE GREATEST COMFORT.

the GOING EAST

SOLVES THE

THE ROUTE IS PROBLEM SHORT

THE TRAINS ARE OF THE BEST.

CITY TICKET OFFICE, 201 MAIN STREET

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

The SALT LAKE ROUTE

Saves a whole day's travel between Salt Lake City and Arizona,

New Mexico and Southern California points.

The route of the famous "LOS ANGELES LIMITED."A

solid Pullman train, both Standard and Tourist Sleepers, Dining and Observation Cars between Chicago and Los Angeles

Direct connections at Colton and Daggett, California, to and from Arizona and New Mexico Points.

The principal towns of central and southern Utah are on this line.

For further information, ask your nearest ticket agent, or address

T. C. PECK, J. H. BURTNER,

General Passenger Agent District Passenger Agent,

Los Angeles. Salt Lake City

IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1907.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Lost Scriptures. Frederic Clift, A.B., M.D. 1

The Storm God..A Poem Maud Baggarley 12

The Thoughts of a Farmer Dr. Joseph M. Tanner 13

Romance*of a Missionary—I. A Story Nephi Anderson 17

Autumn. A Poem Ruth M. Fox 26

PreExistence Charles H. White 27

A Link of Life Prof. Willard Done 32

Watch O'er Me. A Poem Harold Goff 36

The Withdrawal. A Story Kate Thomas 37

The Training of Children in the Home Alice Peet Bishop 42

The Courtship of Autumn. A Poem Theo. E. Curtis 48

Echo of the Ages. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 51

"Mother and Sister Might Hear."Prof. Albert M. Merrill 52

54Portrait of Anthony W. Ivins

Editor's Table—Thanksgiving Day—Church Literature in Japan 55

Messages from the Missions 59 Notes 61 In Lighter Mood 62 Seventy's Council Table 63 Mutual Work—Helping to Get Fifteen Thousand 67

Planned Work Noah S. Pond 68

Changes in Stake Superintendents 71

Records and Roll Books 73 Events and Comments Edward H. Anderson 74

- l 1 1-H I III 1 I M-Mt fiuninniin im-m-m-m-k-h M-M

Gents'fall ana Winter Suits

have just received a very attractive and stylish line of big and little men's suits; WE

exclusive and becoming styles in men's, boys'and youths'fall clothing in the very latest fabrics. You will be pleased and attracted with the

style and cut, and for good wear you cannot be to visit our clothing better served. We invite you

will be well repaid. Department—you

Strong and Serviceable School Suits.

Where you Our Drug get Store is at 112 the Best I. 114 Main St. M. Z.C

..||..i.. i 1!!:..|..|.. | |m|..|..|.. |.. |. i.. |..|u..mI"1- 1"I"I..h..m ih..hl umilUlllll

'- I - I'-I-I-I-l-I - l-l - I - I - l-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I - I-I-l-I-l- I-l*!! M-M-!"! 'H-I l M-M-H"!!! I I I

fcdvaoTtHE most wonderful inven-!!

tion of the present age. '.'. PHONOGRAPH T '.

The Acme of Realism. Prices now within the reach of!

all. Machines from $10.00 to;

$50.00. Records 35c. each. \\

Every home should have a.! \

Phonograph. You can always ]

entertain your company with '.'.

an Edison. Write or call for ', ',

particulars.

Eve*ythinjr known in Music.

.. c CO., CLAYTON MUSIC

Leading Music Dealers. J 09- U- J 3 So. Main.;

'- 1 ''fr 'H-! I I 1 1 'M M I 'l M H"M"H"H +: H"H-rH"l"H"H"H HlKi I I I I M

(Wkes writing to Advwtieert. plea** mention the Eia.)