w >r &E *w S-JT /fjk:-. /

t 'I

*j0jjkjj

77ie Improvement Era June 1961

IN THIS ISSUE

TALKS BY GENERAL AUTHORITIES w* AT THE 131st GENERAL CONFERENCE k Get Your Education the Y's Way

Brigham Young University is one of the world's great universities. It

provides top training in 57 departments of 1 1 colleges, staffed by an outstanding faculty trained in a hundred universities and colleges, and using finest facilities on a beautiful, modern campus. BYU students are in

demand because of this superior training. But there is a bonus at the

Church university. Its students receive balanced academic, physical, and

spiritual education in an ideal social climate, with all the advantages of a big university yet all the friendliness and attention of a small college.

Plan NOW to register for: Leadership Week—June 12

Summer School—June 19

Autumn Semester—Sept. 18

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY Purity is now..

SUPREME

Illili: 11F iililisilll BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Squirrel's Heartthrob

A ground squirrel's heart normally beats six times a second, but during hibernation it slows down to a beat every 20 seconds so that it uses only about one hundredth of its normal food to survive. Dr. Albert R. Dawe

points out that hibernation can occur at any time of year. When a

hibernator has settled down, it is very little influenced by light, sound, temperature, or radiation, but it is highly sensitive to touch.

Ocean Cores

Next time you shop, watch for your

Director Professor H. Pettersson,

favorite Purity Supreme Saltines... preInstitute, of the Oceanographic

Goeteborg, Sweden, has called atsented in a sparkling new package feattention in Endeavour to the results of long deepsea cores and air samples uring the red Supreme diamond.

which show that the earth receives annually about a million tons of You'll find one Purity panel from the cosmic dust. package you've bought for years... to

remind you that Purity Supreme Saltines

Twenty Miles Up are the same "supremely"thin, crisp, ovenfresh saltines you've always preThe twenty miles above the earth's surface contain 99 percent of the ferred.

atmosphere's gas and virtually all of the water vapor.

Fish Voltage

There are about 500 species of fish which have electric organs for use in either hunting or direction finding.

The giant electric ray puts out pulses at 50 to 60 volts. Some of 50 amperes

that The Supreme diamond denotes the fish current alternating produce is stable to within about a half perdifference—Supreme quality.

cent. The electric eel can produce SUPREME 500 volts which is sufficient to stun SUPREME BAKERS

a horse. Purity Biscuit Company, Salt Lake City

Bowman Biscuit Company, Denver, Colorado

JUNE 1961 361 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for June 1961 Volume 64, Number 6

Church Features

The Editor's Page: You Tell What You Are, President David O. McKay 374

Your Question: Is the Use of Ouija or Planchet Boards an Evil?

President Joseph Fielding Smith r 376

General Conference: The Destiny of Youth, President David O. McKay 388

The Testimony We Give of Him, President Henry D. Moyle 390

The Eternity of Temple Marriage, President Joseph Fielding Smith 392

General Conference Index 364 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

The Church Moves On, 366; Melchizedek Priesthood, "Let Every Man Learn His Duty,"458; Church Information Service, 374

Presiding Bishopric's Page, 460. Jeanne Lindorff, art, 382

Virginia Sargent, art, 384 Lorry Rytting, 386 and all conference photos Special Features Warren Luch, art, 455, 472

Jon Anderson, art, 462 The Unknown Paul Revere, Walter E. Klein 379 J. Rulon Hales, art, 468

God in History, George T. Boyd 380

The Neighbor I Resented, Evelyn Witter. 382

I Remember Brigham Young, Leah D. Widtsoe 384

Truth is stranger than Fiction 448

THE ERA OF YOUTH 1 between pages 416417

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 446, 452, 454, 456

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 361; These Times: The Gabon Republic,

G. Homer Durham, 364; Letters and Reports, 372.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Father's Favorite.. 462

A Long Ago Wedding, Clarissa Young Spencer...468

The Last Word 472

Poetry 371, 378, 407, 425, 440, 448, 450, 470

THE COVER: As President David O. McKay

Tabernacle presiding andThe Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah stoodLakeconductingat the pulpit of the Salt the sessions of the April general conference, photographers Lorry

Rytting, Lorin Editor; Editor; Associate Wiggins, C. Ernst Josephson, Editors; L. Zobell, Green, and Managing Albert L. L. Evans, Managing Marba Doyle Richard and O. David

Editorial Stepiian, Patricia Today's Pinnock, McKayEditor; E. FamilyJr., Middleton, Grant, Florence Judith Carter Kinnear, G. Research Wittke for John the Information Church

Editor; Associate Era Editor; Youth Reynolds Art Directors. Era RalphAssociates; Youth Elaine of The and Maryon,B. Cannon, Ed Editor; Hanks, Marion The D. Service facets of caught the many

Contributing S. Nirley, Editors. Sperry, Harris, Sidney Franklin Jr., Archibald G. ofDurham, Hugh Homed F Bennett, venerable leader film. color on Church

Director; Subscription Snarr, General Manager; Manager; Scott, Business Associate S. Rf.eder, General Manager; T. A. Verl Bentley, FB. Glen Bertha tell all story photographs These a

Representative. Advertising Evans, Regional JosephThayer as they form the Era their own

Inc., published Funds, Copyright Associations and 1961 by Mutual Mutual Improvement by the

year, subscriptions, foreign price $3.00 a reserved. Subscription in advance;of the50c Churchsingle copy,of JesusexceptChristfor ofspecialLatterdayissues.Saints. All rights cover this month. $3.50 a year, in advance;

Entered at the Post Office. Salt Lake Citv, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Era Improvement The and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbut return.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of lc a word

Thirty changesdays'cannotnoticebe madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

362 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ing Course

Reading Course book for the entire Mutual: 27. True Book of Honeybees John Lewellen 2.00

Book of Abraham from The Pearl of Great Price 28. Teacher: Ann Sullivan Macy Helen Keller 3.95

29. Lees of Arlington Marguerite Vance 2.95

FOR MUTUAL STUDY SCOUT* 1. The Candle of the Lord Adam S. Bennion 3.75

2. Book of Mormon Treasury 30. Pioneer Stories Preston Nibley 2.50

Compiled by The Improvement Era 3.50 31. FaithPromoting Stories Preston Nibley 2.00

3. Voice of Warning (Paper) Parley P. Pratt.40 32. Sequoia Catherine Cate Coblentz 3.00

4. Conquest of Space Willy Ley 5.75 33. Waterless Mountain Laura Armer 4.50

5. Pathway to Happiness 34. KonTiki (Cloth) Thor Heyerdahl 5.95

Discourses of President David O. McKay 3.95 (Pocket Paper Edition).35

6. Giant of the Lord James S. Brown 3.95 35. Arabian Cow Horse John Richard Young Out of Print

.98 36. Youngest The Soldier Mabel Harmer 7. Man—God's Greatest Miracle (Paper)

37. Olive Young Burt 2.95 Brigham J. Reuben Clark, Jr..35

8. One Fold and One Shepherd 38. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn Mark Twain 1.95

Thomas Stuart Ferguson 4.95 39. The Adventures of Tom Sawyer Mark Twain 1.95

9. The Naked Communist W. Cleon Skousen 4.95 40. Kim Rudyard Kipling 2.95

10. Triumph and Tragedy Winston S. Churchill 6.50 41. A Boy Scout with Byrd Paul Siple Out of Print

11. Lincoln Edition) (Paper Pocket Reader The 42. Buffalo Bill's Life 3.00 F. Story William Cody

.50 Paul Angle

Grizzly 43. of a The Biography

12. Southward, 6.00 Uncle Look Tomlinson Edward 1.50 Seton Ernest Thompson

13. The Admiral's Log Ben E. Marwell Out of Print 44. Johnny Tremain Ester Forbes 3.50

M MEN -GLEANER 45. Daniel Boone, Wilderness ScoutSteward Edward White 2.50

No reading suggestions this year 46.47. TheThe RoyalPony ExpressRoad to RomanceGoes ThroughRichard Halliburton 2.49

EXPLORER *This is only a partial listing of the Scout SuggestedHoward ReadingR. DriggsList. Should3.95

14. Our Prophets and Principles (Paper Edition) 1.50 you desire the complete listing, please write directly to the MIA Office for it.

(Cloth Edition) 2.00

15. Eternal Quest Hugh B. Brown 3.50 iniiiiTTi

16. If I Were In My Teens 2.00 'IMlllljll!

17. Personal Problems John Geisel 3.96

18. I Saw Another Angel Fly Carter E. Grant 3.50 DcserGtfesBooh Coi

-- Sail Lake City. Utah.,dLAUREL 44 East South Temple

19. Portrait of a Prophet Norma J. Fischer 3.00 Deseret Book Company

44 East South Temple MIA MAID SaltGentlemen:Lake City,EnclosedUtah you will find ( ) check ( ) money order

20. How to Pray and Stay Awake Max Skousen 1.75 for( ) encircledI have an(numbered)account. Pleasebooks:charge. 1Amount enclosed $21. Branches Over the Wall Ora Pate Stewart 1.00 9 10 11 12 13 14 15234567816 17 18 19 20 21

22. Fifteen Beverly Cleary 2.95 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34

35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47

BEEHIVE Postage: Add 12c for first book; 4c for each additional book.

Name 23. Invincible Louisa Cornelius Meigs 3.75 Address

24. Plain Girl Virginia Sorensen 2.75 City Zone State

25. Blue Willow Doris Gates 3.00 Residents of Utah include 2V2% sales tax.

26. Little Women Louisa May Alcott 1.95

JUNE 1961 363

THESE TIMES 5m April f A****,9a*i*i Conference 3*Srfir)J s KOI N -'.A.at-o,-.-: 'V&JA.. il*wv9X!>**? -.;

h - * Index Bight i$ BLttjfa *>- I /! o #:''- "y% -* "K. rV I 1 I G < \ -'!.,at n#Ort.)e a; Tarn* SUBJECTS t>i.\$S<t Mt.- '* iwr.oquilMWiB

W?**aWa Ancient America 408 Apostasy, Intellectual 438 Book of Mormon 402, 408, 432 {Spaia?

taUChurch Growth 436Church Welfare 388... 0>F THE! L*

Communism 394, 400, 414 Converts 390, 404 Education 438 P'?i.4 No iSls

Eternal Life 416 Eternal Marriage 392 Eternal Values 394, 422 Europe 428 Faith 398 Forgiveness 418 400 luand*Free Agency Freedom 414 Gratitude 430 Holy Land 422 Joseph Smith 410Jesus Christ 390, 408, 422, 432 The Gabon Republic

Love 444 Loyalty 414 BY DR. G. HOMER DURHAM.390, 396, 398, 412, 428, 430, 434MissionaryWork

Moral Integrity 420 PRESIDENT, ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY, TEMPE

New Testament 422 Responsibility 404 Restoration 396 Service 444 South Pacific 434 Tithing 406 Word of Wisdom 406, 420 Work 436 Youth 388, 414, 422, 426 African affairs have suddenly come petroleum, manganese, iron, and to the forefront. Of the many new - uranium. Mahogany, ebony, and

SPEAKERS countries established, the Gabon materials for plywood constitute the

Benson, Ezra Taft 430 Republic is among the latest. Loprinciple exports. Cacao, coffee, peaBuehner, Carl W 400 cated on the south Atlantic coast, nuts, rice, bananas, yams, and sweet

438Burton, Theodore M 420 it lies immediately north of the potatoes are also grown.Christiansen, EIRay L

Critchlow, William J., Jr 410 Republic of the Congo. Gabon was The following statement by GaRichardEvans, L 422 426 formerly a French territory whose bon's Prime Minister, Leon M'Ba, Marion D.Hanks,

Hunter, Howard W 398 independence became effective Auindicates appreciation for past assoHunter, Milton R 408 gust 17, 1960. Admission to the ciation with France:

Isaacson, Thorpe B 414 404 United Nations with French spon- "In 1839 an alliance was signedIvins, Antone R

Kimball, Spencer W 422 sorship followed on September 20, between France under LouisLee, Harold B 398 434 1960. Philippe and King Denis. A hunLongden, John

McConkie, Bruce R 402 Formerly part of the French dred and twentyone years have 388, 444 DavidMcKay, it time. since that organized as passed Congo, the French Today we

390Moyle, Henry D will are negotiating in 1910. a transfer the which In 1946, under 406 "Gabon"Richards, LeGrand

432Romney, G it constitution, State an independent French an make became Gabon

Sill, Sterling 394 MarionW overseas territory of within the I can assure the Community. French HldredSmith, 418 G

Smith, Joseph Fielding 392 Union. you that in Gabon nothing will be

412Sonne, Alma Stapley, 416 It is about the size of Colorado, done against France, there will be Delbert L

Tanner, Nathan Eldon 428 with a hot, equatorial climate. The no racial bitterness, and we will reTaylor, 436 Henry D friends faithful of state the staunch people and main number this new

396Wirthlin, Joseph L is since 1839. than those have of Colorado, been Gabon much less we S. Dilworth 418Young,

NOTE: President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., Elder some 410,000. The largest city, a hospitable land. Those who have

George Q. Morris, and President Levi Edgar Libreville, has about 20,000 people. trod our soil have taken away with

were excused because from speakingYoung of French and other Europeans numthem only happy and favorable ill health. and A. B. Brown Elders Hugh

fields. TuttleTheodore touring mission were Afrithat for 8,500. ber Approximately memories. 40 you know We presiding AlvinElder in the Euro- R. Dyer was

is the constitute struggle for a can ethnic groups rethe man's freedom Elderpean Mission. E. Petersen spoke Mark

to of the the Church early Air radio program conference Elders Sunday morning. E. mainder of the population. mission. You proclaimed it in 1789; Mark

Petersen, Gordon B. Hinckley, and Franklin D. Compulsory school attendance was you abolished slavery in 1848. In

Richards, President D. Moyle, President Henry

at the spoke evening required in 1959 and is based on 1946 you stated, in your ConstituSaturdayDavid O. McKay

(priesthood) session. Their addresses will appear the French system. About 50,000 tion, your intention to lead the peoin the July issue Era. of The Improvement Sir Thomas Bennett, who assisted in the depupils are enrolled. There are no ples whom you had been guiding

signing of the other London Temple and Church institutions of higher education. toward the democratic administrainbuildings England, addressed the Thursday

morning session. The country produces timber, ( Continued on page 457

364 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wellknown construction superintendent Frank Lemperle with volunteer workers at site of new church building.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

, Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many "PostjTmi

leading citizens do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome. POSTUM

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

JUNE 1961 365 "THE"PAINT COLORS OF THE SEASON The Church Moves On

March 1961

ltj Leeds Stake, 327th now functioning in the Church, and the fourth to be created in England during the past year, was formed through a division of the Manchester Stake and two new wards formed from the Sheffield District of the North British

Mission. Elder Dennis Livesey, formerly first counselor in the

Manchester Stake, was sustained as president of the Leeds Stake, with Elders Raymond C. Bustin and Alvin I. Holton as his counselors. The organization was under the direction of Elder Hugh B.

Brown of the Council of the Twelve and Elder Nathan Eldon

Tanner, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve. -

Elder William Bates, formerly second counselor to President "PREDICTOR RobertsucceedingG. LarsenElder ofDennisManchesterLivesey.Stake,EldersustainedJames asR. firstCaddickcounselor,sustained as second counselor. At this conference an area from the

COLORS"PrestonManchesterDistrictStakeof andthe Northwas dividedBritish Missioninto threewasnewaddedwardsto theof the Church.

Here are the new colors in home furnishings Elder Milton G. Thackeray sustained as second counselor to

—easily yours in Bennett's Colorizer Paints! President Lemonte Peterson of the University West (Salt Lake

City) Stake, succeeding Elder Boyd C. Bronson.

Jay Bird Blue... Swedish Red... Goldenrod... Wintergreen... Moonglow... Huge cranes removed the thirteenfoot high pillars which

once supported the Eagle Gate. That section of State Street

Nile Blue and two dozen others! They're is being widened making the removal of the seven and a half

new as this morning, fresh as the dawn. All ton columns necessary.

36 are displayed in this handsome decoraOgden Twelfth Ward defeated Pioneer First of Provo, 5450, to senior basketall-Church the in an win overtime game ting guide, together with 12 complete color ball at Fieldthe Albert tournament Smith played George schemes prepared by a noted interior dechouse at Brigham Young University. Las Vegas Eighth of Nevada

won over Laramie Second of Wyoming, 6152, to place third and orator. See "Predictor Colors"at Bennett's, fifth place. Snowflake Second of Arizona won the consolation

or at your nearest Bennett's paint dealer. (fourth place) by winning their game with Fielding (sixth place),

8455. Fielding was awarded the sportsmanship trophy. Those

selected on the allstar team included: Harold Gardner, Laramie

Second; Terry Tebbs, Las Vegas Eighth; Lynn Gleave, Pioneer

First; Bob Ipsen, Orem Twentieth; Gerry Garn, Fielding; Ted Smith,BENNETT'S Ogden Twelfth; Gary Barclay, Ogden Twelfth; Gary Crandall,

Pioneer First; John Nicoll, Snowflake Second; and Jim Spencer,

Escalante South. Robert W. Lees, Whittier Fourth Ward, Whittier Cofouzem (California) Stake, received the Improvement Era award for the

prizewinning essay on "What the Church Athletic Program Means PAI NTS to Me."This was the thirtyninth annual allChurch basketball

65 W. 1st South 21st So. & 2nd West tournament.

BENNETT'S BRANCHES AND DEALERS in the Intermountain Area and So. California

366 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AntiMormon literature, derogatory

claims against the Prophet Joseph

Smith, and damning stories circulated

by "Mormon Haters"are investigated and analyzed in this intriguing

and scholarly work. Years of

research and preparation have resulted in a very frank, fast moving

historical volume that pulls no

punches. Explodes as myths the

most frequently heard charges.

A must for missionaries and all who would be well informed. by Hugh Nibley

$3.50

MIGHTY MISSIONARY

OF THE PACIFIC By David W. Cummings

Here is a vivid, rythmic, easy flowing account of the intensely interesting Labor Missionary program in Polynesia. Warm, humorous, inspiring

experiences. A spiritual

phenomenon. $4.50

WHAT SHALL CHOSEN MISSOURI

the of Zion Question Mfc'H'n and LOVE? DO WITH WE

By W. Porter Kenneth

Jr. Eberhard, By Ernest

Parents and young people alike hail this and Herman D. Ruf

eyeopener as a remarkable guide to help Missouri's past, present and future as sacred New Jerusalem——who pitfalls skirt the marGod's them of unhappy

will inspired prophecies live there Zion—written, Frankly riage. direct

and to the point. relating to our present time—all

$3.25 presented in this unique

book. $3.50

Order any of these books from your nearest Bookcraft dealer or write to Bookcraft, 1186 South Main,

Salt Lake City, Utah.

KNOW THE MORMON STORY

YOUR RELIGION By Rulon S. Howells

By Glenn L. Pearson This unique pictorial account of

Especially written to help all members Mormonism should be a part of every of the Church to achieve spiritual advancelibrary, ideal for investigators. Children are

ment, this vital volume presents a keen fascinated by rare photos and paintinsight into the first principles ings... adults are thrilled

of the Gospei. and inspired.

$3.00 fe. $3.95

JUNE 1961 367 Utah State University Fifth Ward won the allChurch college basketball tournament at the George Albert Smith FieldBUITONI house, Brigham Young University, by defeating BYU Eighth

Ward, 5544; Dixie College placed third by defeating Ricks College OFFERS YOU

THE deciding(sixth), 7258;third andUniversityfifth places.of Utah won over Arizona State, 4744,

The box placed in one of the pillars of the Eagle Gate as it was rebuilt seventy years ago was opened in the presence of the

First Presidency and others. Water, believed to have come from 4 the top of the pillars, had seeped into the box over the years. MOST UNUSUAL What had once been business cards and other papers were, for the

part, an unintelligible mass. The newspaper copies of the MACARONI most

SHAPES fromday seemedage, wasto farefoundbest.in Athesmallbox.copperTwoplaque,photographsturned indarkthegreenbox

still construction recognizable of the faint but were roof of the original Gate. IN THE WORLD whichof the wereTabernacle Eagle and Many of

the pictures, damaged beyond recognition, were by the Utah pioneer photographer, C. R. Savage, fatherin-law of President J.

Reuben Clark, Jr. "This is a great shock to me,"President Clark

commented, and urged that in the future hermetically sealed copper boxes be used to withstand weathering and aging.

Roy Stake was formed from parts of Lake View (Utah)

Stake, with Elder Henry A. Matis sustained as president,

and Elders Newell R. Budge and George C. Reimschussel as

counselors. The stake has a membership of approximately 5,450.

Elder Floyd D. Fowers, who served as second counselor to President Matis in the Lake View Stake, succeeds him as stake president. Counselors to President Fowers are Elders Harold R. Johnson

and F. James Schoenfeld. Elder Budge had been serving as first

counselor to President Matis in the Lake View Stake. Lake View

Stake now has a membership of approximately 3,225. The division and reorganization were under the direction of Elders Spencer

W. Kimball and LeGrand Richards of the Council of the Twelve.

Roy is the 328th stake.

Elder Carl A. Mortensen sustained as president of Oneida

(Idaho) Stake succeeding President Shirley M. Palmer. Elders

Willis R. Burton and Reed R. Hawkes sustained as counselors.

President Mortensen and Elder Burton were counselors to President Palmer.

WAGON WHEELS SPACE MEN CARS & BIKES April 1961 POPEYE with The appointments of Elders Edwin C. Winder, Joseph A.

Spinach added Kjar, Rulon H. Bradshaw, and David Jay Wilson to the general board of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

All contain defatted wheat Association was announced.

germ, food yeast and precious vitamins, too! The 55th annual conference of the Primary Association

opened today on Temple Square. Departmental sessions

ALL 20% PROTEIN ENRICHED! were held in appropriate stake buildings throughout Salt

LOW IN STARCH! Lake City. It is a twoday meeting.

FREE TOY INSERTS AND CUTOUTS The 131st annual general conference of the Church opened in the Salt Lake Tabernacle under the direction of President

David O. McKay. A new rostrum was used for the first

time. Old handturned railings had been removed, except for the

bottom row, and had been replaced by vaneer paneling trimmedBUITONI with hardwood. Six of the seven sessions of the conference were

Originators and makers of broadcast and televised. Twentyseven television stations and eighMacaroni for children! teen radio stations participated in broadcasting some parts of the

conference. At today's afternoon session it was announced that the

Church membership on (Continued on page 370) BUITONI FOODS CORP.

So. Hackensack, New Jersey

368 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA They supercharge your car with TCP plus

Fulltime power plus protection! That's what you get in every supercharged drop of Conoco Royal

Gasoline with TCP* plus. TCP boosts engine power and increases mileage...oilplating action

cuts friction wear. Supercharge your car with Conoco Royal Gasoline and—after two tankfuls

you'll feel that powerful difference! Today—put your car—and your cares—in Conoco's hands!

Hottest Brand Going 1961, Continental Oil Company.

JJS3&-...CONOCO!

Conoco and Carte Blanche Credit Cards are accepted at Conoco stations.Trademark and patent owned by Shell Oil Company.

JUNE 196] 369.

Church Moves On and still enjoy at least (Continued from page 368) 1 regular meal a day.. December 31, 1960, totaled 1,693,180.

The membership was six on the day use safe, delicious, economical the Church was organized, April 6, 1830, although additional members were baptized that day.

An evening meeting for bishoprics, stake presidencies, and others was held in the Salt Lake Tabernacle under the direction

A trim, slim figure easily can be Then stay slim with 1 Sure Meal of the Presiding Bishopric.

yours! Just mix tastetempting, serving daily! Once having achie\ ed

general sessions of the nutritious, the healthful,completely powdered figure youthful you OThe131st conference of the ChurchSure Meal with you will orwhole desire, want to hold your 2% milk milk for two lowcalorie (210weight at that point by continuing convened again in the Taber241) meals a day. Then go ahead with one Sure Meal serving daily nacle. An early morning Church

in welfare meeting held the was to 500enjoy plus a satisfyingand 400 caloriecontrolled regular two sesHall. priesthood Assembly Thecaloric regular day. meal each OR, meals. Then, on occasion, should sion broadcast, not but gatherwas

have two equally nutritious but vervyou gain a few pounds, you simply ings of the priesthood in 288 places in lowcalorie (169) Sure Meal servings, return lo two Sure Meal servings a the United States, Canada, and New mixed with powdered milk and day for a few days... for easy, Zealand heard this session through

water, plus a substantial 550 to pleasant weight control. directwire facilities. The evening

600calorie Thus, meal each day! their closed with many attending Quick nutritional pickup on fixed allliquid 900calorieunlike traditional reunions. missionary

dietaries, Sure Meal makes it "skiplunch"days. Try Sure Meal

possible for you to fit your daily on those busy "skiplunch"days at This was the tenth anniversary calorie intake to your individual the office or home. It's available in of President David O. McKay's

weightreduction needs... and still your favorite flavor and provides becoming President of the

allows one good regular meal daily you with all the necessary nutrition Church. It has truly been a decade

to provide the bulk and natural to keep going at peak efficiency! of progress in many fields for the

food your body requires. Sure Meal costs up to 40% less!! Church.Speaking to the nationwide audiMeal of one was Sure the very first of the ence Broadcasting Columbia is safe notSure food a Meal—a dietaries of the so type popular radio System's the network on is scientificallyfad. Sure Meal today. It has the been on market of Air,"the Elder E. "Church Mark in accredited anformulated West

... for years an established 4 proof of Petersen the the Council aplaboratoryCoast medically and used real with duct success the subject spoke on by Twelve "Need

It is careproved. a food, complete

a of thousands with persons weightfor Parents."Better

ful lv balanced to provide every control problem. Yet. bought in a President David O. McKay anessential nutritional element the caselot of 240, Sure Meal costs less nounced that Elder N. Eldon Tanner,

human system needs in a lowthan 19$ per serving! Just compare Assistant to the Council of the

calorie diet. Two Sure Meal servings this low. low cost with any other Twelve, had been called as president

daily help you trim down lo the product of its kind! of the West European Mission. This

healthful, attractive figure you desire is a new administrative assignment... and let you retain the buoyant embracing the British, Central

vigor and happy feeling that comes IMPORTANT:from any seriousShouldhealth problem,you be sufferingit is parBritish, Northern British, Scottishonly through proper nutrition, good ticularly wise to consult vour physician Irish, Netherlands, French, and

food and regularity. before going on a weightreduction diet. French East missions. Elder Alvin

R. Dyer, also an Assistant to the

Not yet available in food or drug stores. Just phone or mail rour presidentCouncil of ofthetheTwelve,Europeanhas beenMissionthe

order for immediate delivery. Use handy SURE MEAL coupon below: for two years. His duties will now

be with the Central German, West

Don Lyman & Associates For free delivery telephone EM 3-9674 German, North German, South 1087 East 9th South Check desired flavor: German, Swiss, Austrian, Danish,

Salt Lake City 5, Utah Vanilla fj Defatted Chocolate Swedish, Norwegian, and Finnish

F Maple T iPlease I,,the rush missions. Elder Tanner and his.in selling. - SURE followingr,1 quantBlandI may f—'be interestedButterscotch MEAL ities of MEAL: SURE will headquarters F family have their

20Meal Size $4.75 My name at Leatherhead, near London. Before

40Meal Size $9.00 My address his call as an Assistant to the Council

240Meal Size (case)....45.00 fj City Zone. State.

370 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the Twelve Elder Tanner was serving as president of the Calgary (Alberta) Stake.

"The Spirit of Worship"was the theme of the conference of the

Deseret Sunday School Union held in the Tabernacle this evening.

Elder Thulburn R. Holt, second counselor to President

Clarence Neeley, deceased, sustained as president of Benson (Utah) Stake. Elder Cliff Wiser,

first counselor to President Neeley was also released. President Holt's

counselors are Elders Syhner G.

Jessop and Wayne P. Traveller.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of

Elder Carroll W. Smith as

president of the Western Canadian

Mission succeeding President Parley

A. Arave. President Smith, whose

home is Ashland, Oregon, is president of the Klamath Stake. He is a

of Idaho, Usick,native and once of NEW as president yearsserved for two the Boise Stake mission. He has long HOT CEREAL DISCOVERY

been active in Church affairs in FROM CARNATION!

western Oregon. Mrs. Smith and

!two daughters will accompany him 100% nourishing golden wheat New deeprich

on this mission assignment. Thecouple have a married daughter, also. flavor! Wonderful new smoothness

Now-a different kind of hot cereal! Brings welcome

variety, new flavor enjoyment, and finest natural breakfasts! Carnato family nourishment It is new

golden wheat -with Instant Wheat. won- (arnatio 100% SUMMER DAY tion

derful new smoothness, plus deeprich flavor. And

with all the natural active protein, B-vitamins and

BY JEAN MERGARD minerals of true whole wheat assured by Carnation's exclusive lowheat process. Surprise and please theAs I walked out to meet the day, family with this new cereal. At your store right now! SESS

It danced toward me in bright array: DISCOVER NEW CARNATION INSTANT WHEAT TODAY!

The columbine and mignonette -*-""** *-.-...

a quality product from fHrilfltlOfl

Bent gracefully in minuet;

The trees waltzed in their dappled shade As pavements called to promenade;

Black quarter notes with feathered

tails Sat perched on wires, warbling

scales.

As children blossomed from each It looks like cream door -pours like cream And hopped to hidden tunes, the -tastes even better!

more I could not tell if summer's spree EVAPORATED

Burst more outside than inside me. MILK

JX'NE 1961 371

Letters and quality Reports copper printing plates I CHOSE A MISSION PRESIDENT

McKAY QUOTED color process Pictured here is or black Elder Richard H. Ray Elder Court D.

of the Mesa Eighth Anderson of the & white Ward, Mesa ( Arizona Great Lakes Mission

Stake. He has earned forwarded to the Imseven individual provement Era the

awards—all with 100 above picture taken

percent seals. while laboring in the

He was a treasurer mission field last of the local chapter of year. He writes, "My

the Future Farmers of America in his companion and I junior year and was president in his passed by this Pressenior year. Last summer at the Arizona byterian Church and

State FFA Convention he declined an noticed their signoffer to fill a state office in this organization board. We thought

so that he could go into the mission field. it very interesting, so I snapped this picHe is presently serving the Church in the ture. If they only knew, they quoted

Northwestern States Mission. the greatest man in the world."

RICHMOND 92396 IVS'V-H—CALL COLLECT R<>SEIENGRAVING COMPANY

or write 1242 Santee St., Los Angeles 15, Calif.

ADDICT ERA

Graz, Austria BEEHIVE HONOR Editors, Dear BADGESFILMS NINETYSEVEN great pleasure With is Pictured BelvaDEVELOPED tell which me that IthereceivedEra is beingyour of letters Smith, 14, dean of sent to the missionary mother me. The per roll the Spanish Fork PRINTEDAND of Irene baptized Mrs. me, Johnson, who Seventh (Utah) Ward.

Roll Robert Elder Logan, and Daynes who For or 1 2 Exposure B & 6, 8 W. any W has earned She two

in gosinstrumental the my accepting Roll per only 35c PRINTS JUMBO individual is a was awards, friend since pel, a close has and become has Maid, and Mia to present kind enough of mine, both were while ninetyseven earned honor badges a of subscription admirable your with me is class. presin her Beehive Belvadean COLOR FILM

... magazine. as ently leader serving a junior genealogy

for your begin to I cannot thank you DEVELOPING in her ward.

I think which wonderful magazine

KODACOLOR most effective means of applying the idealsis a 8-Exposure Roll per as given to us by the Lord, to our every

Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll day life. From the very moment I recog-

1 2-Exposure Roll per nized this Church as the true one, I have

Dev. and Printing $3.00 roll (and so have my wife and four children)

Color Reprints 20c each SPRINGVILLE perused every single page of every single

COLOR SLIDES TEEN Afternumberhavingof the becomeEra I couldan Eraget holdaddictof. and...

135 mm Color Slides per Pictured left is as I know an incurable one, I am just 20 exp., Dev. and Mount $1.35 roll Blaine Livingston, an wondering how on earth we were able to

135 mm Color Slides per "A"student at Springmanage without it for such a long time.

36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll ville ( Utah ) High It was your publication in addition to the

Color Movie per School and holder of missionaries,—and what fine young men

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll individual awards for they are, really to be proud of—, way of

GENEALOGY PHOTOS Churchtendance formeetingfive years.atlivingthe fundamentalthis life, whichimportancemadeandme truthrealizeof

of the represents "seek first the and God, Blaine kingdom ye of OLD NEGATIVES MADE all his things these righteousness; Springville and body as a member High student each. PRINTS 60c PHOTOS, is shall you."an unto Council, added Safety of be the Springville

of NEGATIVE, 4c each officer in the a capella choir, and takes

Send coin only - no C.O.D.'s an active part in all ward athletics and Yours sincerely,

was recently awarded his He MoneyBack Guarantee activities. Immo Luschin Ebengreuth award. Duty to God

SAM'SP. O. Box 1115 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah

372 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Docrmxte JOIN NOW!

Choose any of

On page 206 of the April Era, "Church these top

Moves On"reporting on February 5, theories ofstated: are "There two how

in of Presihonor named;St. George was books! 4

to Smith, a Counselordent George A.

President Brigham Young, and grandfather of President George Albert Smith; or for

P. St. George Cooke, beloved gentile leader

of the Mormon Battalion."

Since that publication, the family of

President George A. Smith has graciously

shared with vis evidence that they have gathered over the years to prove that the southern Utah city carries the name of

President Smith. Some of the references Save up to 20%. With every four

cited are the original manuscripts in the

Church Historian's Office; the Contributor books you buy, you receive a fifth

History 310; Neff's page 1883,May of book of your choice FREE! Thus Historical Record,Utah, page 906; volume

5, page 103; and many letters written by you get five books for the price of

President George Albert Smith, who was extremely active in preserving the real four.

story of the history of the Church, especiallyWe ofapologizethe pioneerfor printingtimes. a theory instead of a fact. LDS Books Club, Inc.

P. O. BOX 400 SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH

LDS BOOKS CLUB, Inc.

Gentlemen: Please enroll me as new member and send me the book checked below as my

JYMME SCHOUBUP WRITES firststandselectionthat forthcomingfor which Iselectionsagree to andpay alternatesthe regularwillretailbe pricedescribedshown.to meI underin a

monthly advance bulletin and I may decline any book simply by returning the

Dear Editors of the Era of Youth: printed form always provided. I will receive a BONUS book for every four

books I accept. I agree to buy as few as four books a year to keep my

I would like to take this opportunity to membership active. Check or money order for $

thank you and your associates for the nice enclosed.

story you did on me which appeared in "The Era of Youth"section of the FebruWhat Shall We Do With Doctrines of Salvation—

ary Improvement Era. It had created Love $3.00 Vol. I $3.25

quite a stir in as much as I have been L.D.S. Reference EncycloVol. II 3.25

asked to speak to the young people in pedia 5.00 Vol. Ill 3.50

nine different stakes. Religious Truths Defined 3.95 LeadershipVol. I 3.50

thrillthe Last night in San Diego I had toing over experience of speaking 700 Jesus The Christ 3.50 Vol. II 3.50

young people at a special fireside for the I I A Basic Course In GeneBook of Mormon Stories for

East San Diego Stake, San Diego, and alogyVol. I 3.95 Young Latterday Saints.... 3.25

Palomar stakes. It was a humbling expeVol. II 3.95 Toward a Better Life 3.50

rience. mayI loveGod thebless"Erayouofin Youth"this work.section and| NAME

ADDRESS Sincerely, Jymme Schourup CITY STATE (Roberta Shore) (Utah residents add 2Vi% sales tax.)

JUNE 1961 373 EDITOR'S PAGE BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

YOU

T TFT WHAT YOU ARE

The sailing vessel Amazon lay in an

English port, about a century ago, chartered by the Church to take emigrants from that land to the

States. A young writer who read

that the vessel was about to sail took his pad and pencil and went down to the docks. He received permission

from the Church authorities to go abroad, and he recorded what he saw and heard. The emigrants

knew nothing about His presence, and this is what pp. 290291; 304305.)

he published: That writer was Charles Dickens, and his account

"... nobody is in an illtemper, nobody is the worse in its entirety appears in the book The Uncommercial

for drink, nobody swears an oath or uses a coarse Traveller.

word, nobody appears depressed, nobody is weeping, What a different testimony that writer would have and down upon the deck, in every corner where it given if those new converts to the Church had not is possible to find a few feet to kneel, crouch, or lie shown by their actions and by their words that some in, people, in every unsuitable attitude, are writpower had transformed them. Suppose they had

ing letters. been drinking, suppose they had been quarreling,

"Now, I have seen emigrant ships before this day suppose he had heard oaths and vulgar stories? What

in June. And these people are so strikingly different a story he would have written for the millions to read

from all other people in like circumstances whom I during the past century. Yes, it is truly as the

have ever seen, that I wonder aloud, What would Savior said:

a stranger suppose these emigrants to be?'"Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather

"The vigilant bright face of the weatherbrowned grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?

captain of the Amazon is at my shoulder, and he says, "Even so every good tree bringeth forth good fruit;

'What indeed? The most of these came aboard but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit.

yesterday evening. They came from various parts of "A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither

England, in small parties that had never seen one can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit."(Matt.

another before. Yet they had not been a couple of 7:1618.)

hours on board when they established their own We preach the gospel by action. What we are in

police, made their own regulations, and set their own our homes will influence our neighbors. How we deal

watches at all the hatchways.. in business will cause our business associates to

"What is in store for the poor people on the shores change, too.

of the Great Salt Lake, what happy delusions they We shall be judged by our actions wherever we are laboring under now, on what miserable blindness are, not only in church, but also on the golf course, their eyes may be opened then, I do not pretend to on the ball field, in a boat, or out for a summer vacasay. But I went on board their ship to bear testimony tion. Everywhere we are the representatives of

against them if they deserved it, as I fully believed the Church.

they would; to my great astonishment, they did not Every member is a missionary. We cannot escape

deserve it; and my predispositions and tendencies any more than Paul or Silas or Peter escaped. They,

must not affect me as an honest witness. I went over too, were transformed and became immortal because

the Amazons side, feeling it impossible to deny that, they obeyed the first principles of the gospel and so far, some remarkable influence had produced a bore the witness that Jesus the Christ lived, was cruciremarkable result, which better known influences have fied for the sins of the world, and rose again on the often missed."(The Uncommercial Traveller and third day, and were willing to give all they possessed

Pictures from Italy, Dana Estes & Company edition, for that testimony.

JUNE 1961 375 your question Answered by joseph fielding smith President of the Quorum of the Twelve

IS THE USE OF OUUA OR PLANCHET BOARDS AN EVIL?

question: "\f fo come f our attention that some "And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you

young people are amusing themselves with ouija and another Comforter, that he may abide with you planchet boards. Our question is, Is the practice for ever;

approved by the Authorities of the Church? It has "Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot

always been our opinion that this was something of receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth an evil nature in which the Spirit of the Lord had no him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and

part."shall be in you."(John 14:1617.)

This great gift is promised to each member of the answer: Tne dictionary describes these boards as Church who will be faithful and true, so there is

being for the purpose of "receiving answers to medino need for any member seeking inspiration or knowlumistic communications or questions."This being the edge through any unsavory or evil source which is

case, the answer is clear to your question. There can coming from Satan or one of his emissaries. Those

be no good or wholesome purpose accomplished in who have the light of the Spirit, or Holy Ghost, will this kind of entertainment, therefore it should not be avoid any contacts from any evil source. No doubt

indulged in by members of the Church. The Lord it is true that the use of these instruments is in the

has pointed out very clearly the course that we should spirit of fun and for amusement. Let it be rememtake in obtaining inspiration for our guidance. When bered that the Spirit of the Lord does not and will

a person is baptized and receives the laying on of not dwell in unclean or disobedient tabernacles.

hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost, he is promised When a person is enlightened by the teachings of the that he will receive the necessary guidance for his Spirit of the Lord, his whole soul is filled with peace, spiritual and temporal good, provided he is true to and an unmistakable joy beyond the power of dehis covenants. The Lord will not dwell in unclean scription by mortal man. Moreover this great gift is

tabernacles. Therefore in order that we may keep offered to all members of the Church who consistently

ourselves in harmony with the Spirit of the Lord, we place their lives in harmony with the Holy Spirit.

must be mentally, spiritually, and bodily clean from There are some members of the Church who unevery contaminating influence. In a revelation given fortunately refuse to comply with the commandments

to the Church in October 1830, the Lord said: of the Lord, and this attitude deprives them of the

"Behold, verily, verily, I say unto you, this is my guidance coming from the Holy Ghost. Therefore

gospel; and remember that they shall have faith in me they are deprived of the great joy and peace of mind

or they can in nowise be saved; which a faithful life will bring. These souls are liable

"And upon this rock I will build my church; yea, to deception. They fail to have the true discernment

upon this rock ye are built, and if ye continue, the and are thereby deceived when some cunning person gates of hell shall not prevail against you. or spirit filled with the influence of the adversary of

"And ye shall remember the church articles and righteousness beguiles them into a false security.

covenants to keep them. They become confused and many fall away from the

"And whoso having faith you shall confirm in my Church into the depths of spiritual darkness. The

church, by the laying on of the hands, and I will disobedient and wayward become the prey of debestow the gift of the Holy Ghost upon them."(D&C ception; and as darkness enters their souls, the true

33:1215.) light is driven out.

Shortly before Jesus departed from his apostles Our Father in heaven has from the beginning dehe gave them these instructions: manded of his children that they love and obey him.

376 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA They are to worship him and unto him they are to pray "For verily I say unto you, they are given for the and give their devotion. "He that seeketh me early benefit of those who love me and keep my commandshall find me, and shall not be forsaken,"said the ments, and him that seeketh so to do; that all may

Lord. ( D&C 88: 83. ) To seek for information through be benefited that seek or that ask of me, that ask and

ouija boards or any way contrary to the instruction not for a sign that they may consume it upon their the Lord has given is a sin. The Lord gave positive lusts."(D&C 46:7-9.)

instruction to Israel when they were in the land of At the April conference, 1901, President Joseph F.

their inheritance that they were to go to him for Smith gave the following counsel to the members of revelation and to avoid the devices prevalent among the Church:

the heathen nations who occupied their lands. The "Men and women may be deceived by the craftiness

law of the Lord to Israel is drastic because the Lord of the adversary and by the spirit of darkness that is considered it vital to their salvation. In the book of in the world; they may be deceived... with hypnoExodus, this is written: tism, with animal magnetism, with mesmerism, with

"Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live."(Exodus spiritualism and with all the other manmade and

22:18.) demonstimulated isms which exist in the world; but

"And when they shall say unto you, Seek unto them the elect of God shall see and know the truth. They

that have familiar spirits, and unto wizards that peep, will not be blind, because they will see; they will not

and that mutter: should not a people seek unto their be deaf, because they will hear; and they will walk

God? for the living to the dead?"(Isaiah 8:19.) in the light, as God is in the light, that they may have

"There shall not be found among you any one that fellowship with Jesus Christ, and that his blood may maketh his son or his daughter to pass through the cleanse them from alltheir sins. May God help us to

fire, or that useth divination, or an observer of times, do this. May he deliver us from secret combinations,

or an enchanter, or a witch. and from the snares that are set to entrap our feet

"Or a charmer, or a consulter with familiar spirits, and to win our affections from the kingdom of God.

or a wizard, or a necromancer."(Deut. 18:1011.) I repeat what I have said scores of times, the KingAll through the Bible, the New Testament as well dom of God is good enough for me. This organization

as the Old, the Lord and his prophets have expressed of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints their displeasure when the people turned from the meets all my wants, and I have no need to fly to orLord to "familiar spirits."Even in our own day we ganizations that are gotten up by men for the purpose

have been given definite counsel in the following words: of making money. I pray God that his kingdom may

"But ye are commanded in all things to ask of God, be sufficient for you, that you may abide in the truth, who giveth liberally, and that which the Spirit testifies and not be led away by these deceptive spirits that unto you even so I would that you should do in all have gone forth in the world to lead men astray.

holiness of heart, walking uprightly before me, considSpiritualism started in the United States about the ering the end of your salvation, doing all things with time that Joseph Smith received his visions from the prayer and thanksgiving, that ye may not be seduced heavens. What is more natural than that Lucifer

by evil spirits, or doctrine of devils, or the commandshould begin revealing himself to men in his cunning ments of men: for some are of men, and other of devils. way, in order to deceive them and to distract their

"Wherefore, beware lest ye are deceived: and that minds from the truth that God was revealing? and he

ye may not be deceived seek ye earnestly the best gifts, has kept up pretty well ever since. May God bless

always remembering for what they are given; Israel, and preserve us in the truth...."

JUNE 1961 377 FREEDOM IS NOT FREE

BY PAMELA DAWN REBER

A YOUNG WRITER

Freedom is the poppy that wavers in the breeze.

Freedom is the sunshine that filters through the trees.

Freedom is the water that ripples o'er the sands,

Freedom is the platform on which our nation stands.

We are the lucky ones; we are the free

And happy and honored; and proud we should be

To know that our forefathers came from their land

To nurture their children on this foreign strand.

Long were the trials, and rough was the sea,

And wild was the country that conquered must be.

Still upward and onward with vigor they came,

Without thought of comfort or fortune or fame,

Deriving from trials a pride never shaken,

For theirs was the nation of hatred forsaken.

Theirs was the kingdom with blessings that doubled

By working and praying with hearts never troubled.

The price of our freedom was paid by their dead,

Their heartaches, their sorrows, their hands stained in red.

But remembering our justice, our freedom for all,

The price that was paid for our freedom is small.

Now we have power, and now we have peace,

For we have acquired the kind of lease

That time cannot alter; so death cannot see

The home of the brave and the land of the free.

On April 18, 1775, Paul Revere made his famous ride to warn the countryside in Massachusetts of the advancing British Army. This ride marked the beginning of the Revolution and made the name of

Paul Revere immortal.

However, he has a solid claim to fame based on other accomplishments not so wellknown. Revere

was one of those versatile geniuses with which revolutionary America seemed to be so well blessed.

He was an excellent silversmith, and his surviving pieces today are collectors'items. He was also a

designer and printer and printed many cartoons in the cause of liberty. One of his most famous is a

print of the Boston Massacre.

He made a set of false teeth for George Washington.

They were probably hard to manage and uncomfortable, but, judging from Revere's other work, they were also probably the best of their time.

After the Revolution he did many notable things.

In 1788 he opened an iron foundry in the shipyards of North Boston. Here he manufactured many items

for the home, for smiths, and for the shipyards.

The bell of the Old North Church became cracked and had to be recast. Few bells had been cast in

America, for it was extremelv heavv and exacting work. Revere was chosen for the job. Thereafter

he made many other bells, and his masterpiece still hangs in the tower of King's Chapel in Boston.

However, Revere still had greater ambitions. CopThe per sheathing for the ships of the new country was

a necessity. At this time all of it was imported from

England.

Revere decided to do something about it. He

ordered rollers from England and by 1801 was proUnknown ducing what was reported to be the best cold rolled copper in America.

The naval frigate, Constitution, later famous as Old

Ironsides, had been built at the wharf beside his foundry in North Boston. Revere had supplied most Paul of her hardware. In 1803, after seeing action against

the Barbary pirates, she returned to Boston to have the copper sheathing on her hull renewed. Revere

got the commission, thus fulfilling an old ambition.

Old Ironsides won a famous victory in the War of Revere

BY WALTER E. KLEIN 1812 against the British ship, Guerriere.

Later Paul Revere worked with Robert Fulton on copper boilers to power steamboats.

Paul Revere not only helped lay the foundations for the American Revolution, he also helped lay the foundations for the industrial power which was so vital for the development and growth of the new nation. Although not so wellknown, his contribuLeft: section of engraving tions to its peaceful development were greater and

cut by Paul Revere shows Christ's Church, Charleston. more important than his part in wartime.

JUNE 1961 579 Developments during recent years, including the release of atomic energy, the production of intercontinental missiles, space ships, and the experimentation in germ and chemical warfare have brought increased sensitivity to the tragedy of human suffering and the precariousness of man's life on earth. Those

who know agree that the diffusion of radioactive material from the explosion of a few hydrogen bombs would destroy much of the life on earth, and that any extensive use of such weapons would make our world uninhabitable.

Theoretical and technological developments in the physical sciences have given a new emphasis to the old problem of the extent and effect of man's freedom. On the one hand, by the proper use of newly

discovered powers man can achieve benefits in the natural world previously unimagined. On the other

hand, by the misuse of those new forces he can bring a sudden and premature end to human history. The

effect of man's freedom is more decisive and dangerous than has been imagined.

In the light of these developments and the possible use to which they may be put, the optimistic world view of the first quarter of our century which dominated much of the religious thought of the time has been thrown into sharp contrast with a growing pessimism. This resurgent pessimism has been indifferent to denominational boundaries with the result

that its impact on the religious world has been almost universal. Latterday Saints, who for the most part

have been characteristically optimistic about the future, have come under its influence.

The conditions of our times, which have brought about a rather startling disclosure of the extent of man's freedom and its possible effects, raise again, for religious philosophy, the old question of a satisfactory theodicy—a vindication of the goodness and

justice of God in a world of moral and natural evil.

The inclusiveness and conclusiveness of a possible global annihilation brings to religious thought, with a new urgency, the question of God's relationship to man and his participation in human history.

We may well ask, in view of man's evil tendencies and the tremendous power at his command, is there any hope for a better world? Is there any justification for looking forward to a time when men, motivated

Michelangelo portrays Jehovah bequeathing life to Adam by the touch of his finger.

by a spirit of good will, can develop institutions under which they can live in peace? Will the time

ever come when religious and moral idealism will not find resistance in established institutions? Will

the time ever come when the methods by which men earn their daily bread cease to thwart their desire to treat their neighbors as themselves?

In seeking answers to such questions there seems to be little ground for optimism from the present outlook. Yet, in spite of the evidence which has led

many to despair, Latterday Saints have generally looked forward with assurance in the efficacy of constructive human effort in carrying out what they believe to be the will of God, and thev continue to build, projecting their ideals and efforts into an uncertain future with confidence.

The logic of events, doctrines of human nature, the fact of sin, and geography are given frequently as explanations of the divergence of opinion between those who have faith in the effectiveness of man's efforts to improve the world and those who hold that such a faith is futile. One of the most significant

reasons why some are optimistic while others are pessimistic is the fact that they hold different views as to God's participation in the historical process.

While it may be true that there are other theological considerations, e.g., the doctrines of God, man, and

salvation, which are logically prior to a doctrine of

God's activity in history, this does not in any way minimize its importance. The very close relationship

between concepts of God and man and their accompanying theories of history suggests the high place that these theories hold in any religious interpretation of man in the world. And, regardless of the theoretical

or logical relationship of these doctrines, the plain fact is that one of the most persistent questions that the believer in God has to face in his practical dayto-day living is the question of God's role in the drama of history. Living in a world which coddles

some in the lap of wealth while thrusting others upon the rocks of poverty, a world which today offers joy and hope—tomorrow sorrow and despair, today meaning and happiness—tomorrow futility and tragedy,

men, caught in the sequence of successes and failures, develop different ideas relative to God's interest and activity in the external (Continued on page 448)

w

.-*:

m

THE NEIGH RESENTED

It was the spring when I turned eighteen about one size larger than I. The thoughts flashed

through my mind too, that though Mrs. Moore'swhen the Moores bought the house next to clothes were extremely plain, they were always of

ours. good line and quality which could be youthified with

I suppose I resented them unconsciously even before colorful belts and scarves. Anyway, I thought rue-

I met them because they had bought the house of fully, my toolimited wardrobe made any wearable my closest friend, thereby becoming responsible for handme-downs acceptable.

her moving away. "Thank you!"I said as sincerely as I could, and

My resentment became an active thing after they allowed her to fold the clothes into the suitcase.

moved in. Neighborhood talk helped slant my reIt wasn't until the next day, when I was getting

sentfulness. Several people remarked that the Moores settled at the dormitory, that I realized what a conmust be "awfully tight... a miserly pair of Silas fusing mistake I had made. Why, the clothes from

Marners."People said they couldn't understand why Mrs. Moore were new, with the cleaning instructions

the Moores bought a simple little WorldWar I-vintage tags still dangling from them! They were not handhouse when they could easily afford a luxurious home medowns, they were indisputably "what the college

in a good neighborhood, considering the big job Mr. girl was wearing this season."

Moore held with a utilities company. I couldn't comprehend the "why's or how come's"

Besides, there was nothing especially appealing of Mrs. Moore's gift but I sat right down and wrote a

about the Moores that I could see. Unsmiling, ungrateful "Thank you!"just the same. In the same mail

bending people they both were. Quiet and self- I sent a letter to my mother telling her the startling

sufficient, spending their free time reading or in news about the clothes.

doit-yourself activities in their garage. Neighbors In a few days I got the neverto-beforgotten-lesson

said that wasn't natural either for young people in letter from Mom. She wrote:

their early thirties. It was the unanimous opinion

around the neighborhood that the Moores were too "Dear One, tightfisted to seek moneytaking recreation or to "Not too long ago I too would have been surprised entertain at home. about the new clothes from Mrs. Moore even though

But my lovefor-allpeople, widowed mother sought in our visits together she was awfully interested in out Mrs. Moore just the same, asking her in or you, your plans, and your efforts to get a college

trudging to the Moores'back door with some special education. She even said once that she would like

delicacy she had baked. to help such a worthy girl.

After my first impressions of the Moores were estab- "Last night I learned something about the Moores lished in my mind, I chose to think of them as little that will be interesting to you. Their bishop told me

as possible. Anyway, my thoughts that summer were that eight months ago they lost their only child in an

mostly concerned with the two jobs I was holding in unfortunate accident. They are saddened. That's

order to accumulate enough money to cover my probably why they seemed so stern to us.

college entrance that fall. "Also, he told me that the Moores have never lived

So it was a surprise to see the last person I was up to their income because they use so much of thinking of on the day when I was gathering up odds their money to help other people.

and ends and packing my suitcase just before train "If you will please read Matthew 6, 1 through 3, time on the day before registration. Mrs. Moore you will at long last understand these Christian neighwalked into my bedroom. She was carrying a bunch bors of ours.

of clothes over her arm. "Love,

She said simply: "These are for you.""Mom."

I calculated quickly that these were clothes that

Mrs. Moore had outgrown because she was now I read. I learned. I have never forgotten.

BY EVELYN WITTER

JUNE 1961 383 and loved by the people, next to their homes and churches, or meetinghouses, as they were called. The pioneers were

fond of the drama, and it became one of the favorite amusements of the people of that day.

Soon after the settlement of the pioneers in these valleys, gold was discovered in California and by that time San Francisco had become a growing city on the West Coast. The "gold rush"

was on, and great numbers of companies passed through Salt Lake City on their way to the BY LEAH D. WIDTSOE Golden Gate and the fortunes which they dreamed

were awaiting them at their journey's end. Among

these traveling groups, occasional troupes of dramatic performers from the East would break the long journey by staying over a few nights and playing in the great Salt Lake Theatre.

Brigham Young was especially fond of the drama and was indeed a patron of the art. He encouraged

the people also in home performances, because he felt that many valuable life lessons may be learned thereby as well as from sermons and exhortations.

The "My Fair Lady"of that day, a play which was known from coast to coast and about which everybody was talking and wishing to see was a play called "Leah, the Forsaken."It was the story of a Jewish

girl and her great trials and final triumphs.

Soon after the Mormon pioneers settled in the barren I was named Leah in honor of my paternal grandwastes which were then called the "Great American mother. One day when I was a little girl about

Desert,"they built what to them was a large comthree and one half years old, and shortly before the fortable building to be used for local dramatics and death of my grandfather, Brigham Young, my mother socials of all sorts. It was known as the Social Hall. said to me:

Among the belongings of the first companies as they "How would you like to go and see your grandcame in their covered wagons with oxteams across father? Would you like to go with mother today

the plains was a goodsized bust of William Shaketo see him?"

speare. This was placed in the center of the Naturally little girls like to go anywhere! So

proscenium arch which separated the stage from mother "dolled me up"in a sparkling white "Swiss"the auditorium. dress with a pale blue sash and blue ribbons in my

Later the Saints built a larger and most creditable very blond hair and took me by the hand up to the building—the Salt Lake Theatre—which was known Lion House, where my grandfather lived.

384 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA As we entered the door of his room, Grandfather "My mommie,"I answered.

was sitting by a table working over some papers. He "And that lovely blue sash?"and I patted it as my

looked up and noticed his daughter and the little eyes beamed.

yellowhaired girl with the very rosy cheeks and the Then he asked about my golden curls and the ribbig blue eyes, and greeted us with these words: bons in my hair and other things that I could under-

"Ah, Susie, and here is my little 'Leah, the Forstand. We were becoming friends. We visited, and

saken,'only she is not forsaken, for she comes with I discovered that he was a kind grandpa who gave her mother who I am sure loves her and whom she candy to little girls and who also took time to chat loves."And with that he rose and came to where with them about things they could understand. When

we were standing and picked me up to give me a my mother's errand was completed and we started kiss of welcome. I looked at him—an old man unto go, Grandfather rose and this time took me in his

known to me—and I drew back and refused to arms without my objection, and I willingly kissed

kiss him. him, because I knew him.

"Kiss your grandfather!"said my mother; but no That is the only memory of a little girl of her

response came from the little girl. illustrious grandfather; but it is a choice memoryAgain came the command more sharply: one that has been a lesson to me all my life and has

"Kiss your grandfather, I tell you!"but I refused helped me in the guidance of my own children, my

flatly. With that my grandfather put me down, grandchildren, and now of my greatgrandchildren.

and Mother, who was a bit nonplussed, took me by It shows one of the traits of character which made the hand rather harshly and started out of the room Brigham Young a successful leader of men from where she was going to give me a lesson, as she many nations and conditions and backgrounds into thought, in good behavior. She said: builders of the socalled "Empire in the West."He

"I'll teach you to kiss your grandfather when he was truly a great* leader of men as well as a great asks you!"As she started to take me out of the room pioneer. It was his gift to understand people.

to give me "what for,"my grandfather said to her: As the years went by and I grew to young woman-

"Just a minute, Susie, just a minute! I learned a long hood, my mother and I became friends and coworkers,

time ago never to try to make a child do something as well as loved companions. She possessed, to a great

that I know it won't do."With that remark he again degree, many of the gifts of her father, one of which

rose from his chair. was the gift of expression both of the spoken and the

Now, all that I have related above I do not rewritten word. Many of the memories she had of her

member. My mother has told me about it. But, this father she would write down and in time decided

I do remember! to write a book about his life and accomplishments

I can still see him as he rose from his chair going in building a civilization in the West.

to a front window in the room, pulling back the red Her busy pen was used in the founding of a magavelvet drapery and the white Nottingham lace curzine for young women called the Young Woman's tains which hung there and taking from a little tin Journal, which she afterward presented to the YLMIA.

box on the window sill a piece of candy—a brown In time I noticed that she was no longer writing about

square which was called "horehound candy"at that her father. One day I said to her:

time. Candy was not as plentiful in those days as "Mother, what about the book about your father?

it is now, and I suppose my eyes began to twinkle Aren't you writing it anymore?"She replied, "No, he

as I saw the piece of candy in Grandfather's hand. is too big for me. In other words, I'm not big enough

He held it up temptingly, put it on the table, and to grasp his greatness and portray it as I should."

with his cane, which stood by his chair, pushed it She said further, "If you are standing beside a mounslowly over to where I was standing. I took the tain, you can't really describe the mountain for you're

candy as it drew near and, childlike, began to eat it. too near to see it."

With that he asked me: "Do you like candy?"and "Nevertheless,"said I, "you have it to do. Some-

I nodded my head. Then a little conversation began. day you must write that book about your father, and

He was down to my level, and we were getting I'll be glad to help you with it."

acquainted. The time came, when in working over her manu-

"Who made your pretty dress?"he asked. script, I came across (Continued on page 44)

JUNE 1961 385.

v V *:- nl

V, *

v fV \

#* w-p***>

.

iWsil. snEs '

jfiKr. n - r".

$&, JJM.! * *

* *-"**"r mm i* 5*

; n,j k r * j& **gl "Jb, 'jM

K\j*

Sit iggm'

On /ie following pages:

Talks delivered at the 131ST GENERAL CONFERENCE 0/ /ie Church of Jesus Christ

of Latterday Saints Salt Lake City, Utah

April 6, 8, 9, 1961 in the last thirteen months the growth corresponding age, literally carve the of the Church in numbers in the stakes moral atmosphere of the community.

and in the missions has been most Much of this activity of the young is encouraging. There has been an indue to the Mutual Improvement AssoTHE crease100,000 ofmark.a figureThis afternoonapproachingwe shallthe ciations,emphasis uponwho thehaveattendanceplaced of specialmemDESTINY findstatistics.*the total membership given in the Thebers ofPrimarythe MIAgeneralat Sacramentpresidencymeetings.and

OF I would not answer that the most board and stake and ward workers merit also. credit YOUTH commendableunderstanding progressamong hasthebeenleadersin betterof greatBut I know and you know that mere

municipalities, newspaper editors, and attendance at Church and other acts of wellinformed people generally regardpiety signify little if the person does not

President David O. McKay ing the purposes, organization, and conconform his acts and his speech to the

tributions of the Church toward peace principles of the gospel. Into three

and the ultimate destiny of the world. principal environments the child is daily

I inspire encourthat actions, his direct answer the most thrown, would which "Rejoice, in young thy man, youth; O the all his the progress during his aging contacts in Church behavior his with of

letand thy heart cheer thee in the days is in last increased seen control to the year number beings, enable fellow him of thy youth, in and the walk of ways in participating his people to slave Church to apor a young himself become of thine heart, and sight in the of thine desires. activity. dethe about petites, hear his passions, and much Weeyes: all but thou, for that know these of incorrigibility youth. are: the environments three and linquency These

things will into bring thee God judg- I about church. school, the the a desire to say this morning word home,

ment."(Eccl. 11:9.) their corrigibility, as we have seen it Beaconsfield wisely wrote: "I have alThese words were written by The and noticed it in visiting in different ways felt that the best security for

Preacher, son of David of old, approxiparts of the Church. civilization is the dwelling, and that

mately nine hundred and seventyseven For example, on Sunday, March 26, upon properly appointed and becomingyears before Christ—admonitions to 1961, I attended the dedicatory services dwellings depends more than anything

youth as applicable in this year 1961 of the Bountiful South Stake Center else the improvement of mankind. Such

asafter Christ they nearly were three all of are Eighth the nursery dwellings domesand Bountiful Ward Church ". yearsthousand ago!.. but know thou, virtues, over tic edifice. a in attendance without becoming There were and

allthat for these things will bring God is virtues of of those exercise the majority people, the 1,700 home, whom intothee judgment."impossible."as being impressed young members me

sixth of Every April, day General AuIt is teenAssociation generally not conceded of by eduPrimary and the officers,thorities, of and the members I real that cators attended the evening agers. nor by parents same That

Church meet in general conference to the Sacrament meeting of the Garden education of a child begins early in reports ofhear the progress best Stake. of our modern Here of the Heights Ward, Canyon Rim home life. One

officers, sustainChurch, consider matters of to the congrereferring philosophers, value of the large proportion again a to gospel,pertaining restored the and people. this: of says in gation young childhood, education up was made

officialtake as repreaction the such in regular value our today the does have ago not weeks same "Time Two sentatives of the Church deem may of later years. year of brethren the in as one meeting, childhood in weekly A

necessary helpful. and it I is physiologically Authorities, think longer, was and the General much

this question If the asked mornwere a for for that reported Petersen, E. a child psychologically, than Brother Mark

lasting, respect the during "In what the attending of for recently child ten while a year learned he man. One

theyear the most has made Church of four for that conference a years Stake to corresponds Bear River two man

I progress?"wouldcommendable is younger, child stake Sacrament that the in a had twenty. not wards When

matters,"althoughanswer: financial "In is still of for greater. one attendance month the discrepancy The meeting

it is fact before that never perhaps a entire of fifty third the the percent and elapsed between time memabove have the financial interests of the bership of the ward, and two of these seventh year probably represents a duraChurch been more prosperous. four wards were in the sixty percent tion equivalent to fifteen or twenty years

I would not say: "In the increase of bracket. The Oneida Stake had a yearfor a grown man.

the number of new houses of worship,"long average high in the forties, and "Now, it is precisely at this age that although members of the Church have some wards had sixty percent, and even a child builds up the framework into put forth more effort and built and paid seventy percent in attendance. In each which all the events of his future life

for more chapels than in any other case the young people were a conspicuous will fit, and in particular his moral similar period of the past; for example, part of the audience. code. This explains the considerable

I find that during the year 1960 there For this increased attendance of young amount of knowledge a child can acdedicated; buildings 111 Churchwere It his first years. Preduring the to cumulate people is due much credit are ready buildingsfifty other for parents forth highly desirable be to be siding put Bishopric, would have who

dedicated. There are completed, but special effort to have the deacons, and educators to take this fact into

not dedicated because they are not enteachers, and priests attend Sacrament consideration.

tirely paid for, 233 buildings, or a total meetings. And right here I would like "The moral education of a child is

of Church buildings constructed and to say to this vast congregation that it different from that given to a man. Inof 394. have indedicated 1960 no We it is in fact organizafor deed, is a significant the very important young Church

first for three the compiledinformation is to of of fault gravity the the tion judge a not not that the bishop ward by its it that is estimated 1961, butmonths of his parconsequences. fault to preside over a For ordained a child only

stage andbuildings is in the planning also ecclesiastical in ticular but is not group and itself—absolutely the constructionunder would exceed it has set divine decreed appointment apart been by as relatively—becauseserious900 mark. priests'grave. the of that it is the charabsolute president quorum, Only made

If to ask for the most comwere we of acter fault 20year-old child 19, 18, a of to the young can impart and up progress, answer: not I wouldmendable of discipline a true young without with moral which who, women men although increased"In membership,"the is impossible. progress

as of 31, 1960, was *Church membership December

Address delivered Thursday morning, April 6, 1961. 1,693,180. "It is impossible to model a child

388 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA morally if this principle is not followed, with our California friends when the moral teaching given to youth in the for the faults are almost always venial chosen music students of the Salt Lake course of ten or fifteen years of educaby their consequences. It is only during area junior and senior high schools so tion and instruction certainly does not

the most tender age that the character becomingly upheld the loftly idealism represent more than a few hours, in can be formed."(From Human Destiny of their schools, their homes, and their certain cases a few days. The young

by Lecomte du Nouy, pp. 208209.) city when they participated recently in are stuffed with many useless details

Parents dress their children in the the Musical Educators National Convenand the essential is passed over in sibest clothes when children go out in tion at Santa Monica, California. Choral lence."(The "essential"meaning moral

"company."They cannot so change and orchestral groups made up the Salt training, teaching them the dignity of

their characters. What traits of charLake entourage to the conclave. true manhood.)

acter the child develops in the home, "Typical of the impression our young- "Farmers might as well be taught he takes with him into society. The sters left with their hosts is this tribute to grow flowers in borders without

selfish, morose nature, or his cheerful, by the associate manager of the hotel learning how to cultivate a field; or

kind, radiant soul developing in home where the students of the Granite Disyoung girls be taught the art of makeup environment goes with him when he trict were housed: 'It is seldom that a without learning how to wash. Examjoins the social group. If you want your hotel has an opportunity to have its inations deal with a quantity of facts

child to be courteous in society, teach house occupied with such delightful, destined to be forgotten in three months, him to be courteous in the home. "If wellmannered, cleancut children as or which are purely technical; children

you please,""thank you,""pardon the MENC group that Mr. Moroni L. are trained to behave decently in public,

me,"are terms of culture more apJensen brought to Santa Monica.... but nobody dreams of making them

plicable and more educative in the We are writing this letter to let you repeat daily, as a prayer: 'Every promise

home than in social circles. Into our know what a wonderful impression the is sacred. No one is obliged to give a

churches too childrenschools and of Salt come many pledge, but his given he who breaks "Lake City and Mr.children from the fundahomes where made.'Jensen is word dishonored. an He commits

mental virtues of true manhood and If they had been delinquents, boisterunpardonable crime against his dignity;

beautiful womanhood are seldom taught ous, unladylike, ungentlemanlike, the he betrays; he covers himself with

and more infrequently practised. papers would have told us about it. We shame; he excludes himself from human

In schools, in this Christian land, the thank these hotel people for paying this society.'

teaching of Church dogma is forbidden, tribute to our boys and girls, who are "If this is not in reality a prayer it but the teaching of true citizenship truly representative children of good is a creed which, by expressing faith honesty, loyalty, the keeping of a promhomes. in the dignity of Man addresses itself,

ise, and other virtues that contribute to Man should so conduct himself as to beyond him, to God from whom wethe dignity of man—is not banned. merit the trust of his fellows. "There have received it."

Students reflecting these high ideals, is a unanimity of thought in this,"writes He who is purported to have been the recently made a trip to California. The a wise philosopher, "which is to be wisest American wrote years ago: "CharDeseret News made the following comfound nowhere else except on the subject acter is higher than intellect. A great

ments about them: "Vigorous, ambitious, of the ten commandments, but the effort soul will be fit to live as well as to

carefree youth bears slightly more than made to impress this idea indelibly on think."(Emerson.)

its share of the criticism folks pass on the minds of children in the shape of In the Church, increased participation to each other in these critical times, automatic conditioned reflexes is so in church activity indicates a desire to but when youth acquits itself in such a slight that one is aghast. The equilibbe a partaker of spirituality, the highest

way as to win the admiration and praise rium of the whole world, not only peace, acquisition of the soul, and young people of many observers, the occasion should but justice, commerce, industry, science, desire it. I know there are many who

not be permitted to pass unnoticed. rests on the confidence in the integrity haven't that feeling, many who do not

"Such a favorable impression was left and in the word of men, and all the come, but you know, fellow workers,

JUNE 1961 389 that the young people like that which ings which will come to them here and I think that a young girl will not go is good and true. now. far wrong who will kneel down in the

I am grateful for the sweet assurance The first is Gratitude. Their souls morning and pray that she might be

that God is my Father, and I should like will be filled with thanksgiving for what kept pure and spotless during the comto have the youth of Israel feel so close God has done for them. They will find ing day. I cannot think that a Latterto him that they will approach him themselves rich in favors bestowed. The day Saint will hold enmity in his heart

daily in secret prayer. I would have young man who closes the door behind if he will sincerely, in secret, pray God

them have the trust in him which the him, who draws the curtains, and there to remove from his heart all feelings of little blind girl had in her father. One in silence pleads with God for help, envy and malice toward any of his

day she was sitting on his lap in the should first pour out his soul in gratifellow men. Guidance? Yes, God will

train, and a friend sitting by said, "Let tude for health, for friends, for loved be there to guide and direct him who me rest you,"and he reached over and ones, for the gospel, for the manifestawill seek him in faith with all his might took the little child on his lap. The tions of God's existence. He should and with all his soul.

father said to her, "Do you know who first count his many blessings and name The third blessing is Confidence. All

is holding you?""No,"she replied, them one by one. over this land there are thousands and

"but you do."The second blessing of prayer is tens of thousands of students who are

Just so real should be the trust which Guidance. I cannot conceive of a young struggling to get an education. In the

our boys and girls have in their Father man's going astray who will kneel down Church, let us teach these students that in heaven. If our young people will by his bedside in the morning and pray if they want to succeed in their lessons,

have this faith, and so approach the to God to help him keep himself unthey should seek their God; that the

Lord, there are at least four great blessspotted from the sins of the world. greatest Teacher known to the world

THE theabroad.restorationHavingofreceivedthe gospel,a knowledgewe are imof thedoubtclosingshouldsentencesbe removedof thewhenGospelwe readacto cording far greater pelled Matthew. a power than any by TESTIMONY

therefore, earthly to or earthly influence power "Go ye WE GIVE teach the gospel to others that they tions, baptizing themandin teachthe nameall naof of life in full the Father, and of the Son, and of the

Ghost: Holy OF HIM mightfellowshipenjoywiththe ourfulnessFather in heaven

and in communion with us. "Teaching them to observe all things

..."President Henry D. Moyle laborsThe isimportanceemphasizedof inourthe missionarygospel as whatsoever(Matt. 28:1920.)I have commanded you:

of the First Presidency written by John: "And this is life With the passing of time our relaeternal, that they might know thee the tionship to one another and to God has

only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom not changed. We are now no less con-

"The earth is the Lord's, and the fulthou hast sent."(John 17:3.) strained to teach others the ways of God

ness thereof; the world, and they that We have often been asked why we do than were his disciples of old. We are,

dwell therein."(Psalm 24:1.) not limit our missionary labors to the in fact, under greater stress so to do

As Latterday Saints we believe literheathens, why do we bother Christian because God has given us sufficient ally these words of the Psalmist. We nations. The answer to this important temporal resources and also unlimited

are the Lord's as are all our fellow men. question is best found in the fact that means of transmitting to all mankind

This makes us all brothers and sisters, the missionary work which we perform the eternal truths of the gospel of Jesus sons and daughters of God, with his is the same all over the world, whether Christ which have once again been only Begotten Son Jesus Christ, our elder it be here at home in the United States given to man through his prophets in brother. This is a much closer relationor in some remote nation of the earth. these latter days to the convincing of

ship than most of us realize. It gives Our responsibility is to take the restored the souls of men that God lives, that

ample justification for "The Golden gospel of Jesus Christ to all our fellow Jesus is the Christ, that a plan for the

Rule"and all that Christ taught the men. Following Christ's ministry, his salvation and exaltation of man was

world in his Sermon on the Mount. In gospel was carried to the great centers given by God himself before the foundafact, this relationship forms the basis for of culture by his apostles and their astions of the earth were laid, which, if

all of Christ's teachings. all his children bring will Ephesus, Corinth, followed,

the Whatever presence, there to to his divine mention back into Lord has for his chilsociates—Jerusalem,Athens, Rome, Carthage,

dren here on earth, he has for all of us. only a few. dwell eternally in a state of eternal

is persons. of Underlyno respecter that progression;He we and as to happiness in are what not left doubt We

all dealings withing of God's the Holy power of the of the Gospel, gift and through do. should end At the his we

children in all generations of time is according to John, we read: Ghost can know and understand and

the responsibility which attaches to any "... Peter was grieved because he follow this way of life which was also

gift which we receive from God. said unto him the third time, Lovest laid down for us by our Lord and

In the lives of those of us who are the thou me? And he said unto him, Lord, Savior Jesus Christ, while he walked

recipients of his great blessings, our thou knowest all things; thou knowest here among men upon the earth in the

duty is well understood, and we do not that I love thee. Jesus saith unto him, Meridian of Time.

shirk it. Herein lies the reason for and [for the third time] Feed my sheep."Indeed, this course which God inthe foundation of all of our great (Ibid., 21:17.) tends his children to follow in mortality

missionary work, both at home and Were there any doubt in our minds was given to Adam and has been

Address delivered Sunday morning, April 9, 1961. as to the meaning of this parable, the revealed to all the prophets of God in

390 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA stands near to guide them. Once the ever you are. As long as you will keep To grasp upon the further cliff, and draw

student feels that he can approach the yourselves pure and spotless and prayer- A greater cord, and a greater yet;

Lord through prayer, he will receive fully and earnestly keep close to your 'Til at the last across the chasm swung confidence that he can get his lessons, Father in heaven, his Spirit will guide The cable—then a mighty bridge in air!

that he can write his speech, that he you, magnify you in your youth, and So we may send our little timid thought can stand up before his fellow students make you a power on the earth for Across the void, out to God's reaching and deliver his message without fear of good. Your Father in heaven is ever hands

failure. Confidence comes through sinready to give you help in time of need Send out our love and faith to thread

cere prayer. and give you comfort and strength if the deep,

Finally, he will get Inspiration. It is you will approach him in purity, Thought after thought until the little

not imagination, if we approach God simplicity, and faith. cord

sincerely seeking light and guidance In his poem, "Anchored to the InfiHas greatened to a chain no chance can from him, our minds will be enlightened nite,"Edwin Markham says: break,

and our souls thrilled by his Spirit. And—we are anchored to the Infinite!"

Washington sought it; Lincoln received "The builder who first bridged Niagara's I repeat, God bless you, our Youth,

it; Joseph Smith knew it; and the testigorge, that you may send out your thoughts

mony, the evidence of the Prophet Before he swung his cable, shore to in prayer and faith and receive the asJoseph's inspiration is manifest to all shore, surance that you are anchored to the who will but open their eyes to see and Sent out across the gulf his venturing Infinite, in God our Father and his Holy their hearts to understand. kite Son, the Redeemer of the world, I pray

Heaven guide you, our Youth, wherBearing a slender cord for unseen hands in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

every gospel dispensation for the enand Jesus Christ his Son to those who witness of the truthfulness of our meslightenment of mankind down to the will read with a will to understand. sage to the world. No one need fear

present time. God's laws are eternal. Our relationto hear our message. If we speak

Paul said, "That in the dispensation ship to God is both unchanging and of ourselves, our work will come of the fulness of times he might gather everlasting. to naught. Paul declared to the

together in one all things in Christ, Parenthetically, let me say that new Corinthians:

both which are in heaven, and which editions of the Bible, no matter how "And I, brethren, when I came to you, are on earth;..."(Eph. 1:10.) modern, cannot help us any unless they came not with excellency of speech or

This is the Dispensation of the Fulpresent to us a more accurate interpretaof wisdom, declaring unto you the testiness of Times of which Paul spoke to the tion of the original source material still mony of God.

Ephesians. available. Our attention is particularly "For I determined not to know any

Inasmuch as the Fulness of Times has called in this respect to the importance thing among you, save Jesus Christ, now been revealed to man, we have of the translation of the Bible. Our and him crucified.

all that has gone before in all former Eighth Article of Faith reads: "We be- "And I was with you in weakness,

dispensations of time, to now present lieve the Bible to be the word of God and in fear, and in much trembling.

and teach to men. as far as it is translated correctly; we "And my speech and my preaching

It is of course with the present time also believe the Book of Mormon to be was not with enticing words of man's that we are immediately concerned. the word of God."wisdom, but in demonstration of the

This again demonstrates how great is Paul gave the Corinthians the spiritSpirit and power:

our responsibility and how wonderful ual attainment necessary to our under- "That your faith should not stand our opportunity for service. It is the standing of God, for he said: "... no in the wisdom of men, but in the power

purpose of the Almighty that all manman can say [know] that Jesus is the of God."(1 Cor. 2:1-5.)

kind shall sooner or later receive the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost."(1 Cor. Paul wrote to the Ephesians: "For

message of the restoration of the gospel 12:3.) through him we both have access by one

in its fulness. Our understanding of the scriptures Spirit unto the Father."(Eph. 2:18.)

In a general conference of the Church and our conversion to the truth today "There is one body, and one Spirit, held in Nauvoo in October 1840, Joseph must follow the same pattern as was set even as ye are called in one hope of

Smith said: "Now the purpose in Himfor Paul's conversion and followed by your calling;

self in the winding up scene of the last Paul in his ministry in the conversion "One Lord, one faith, one baptism, dispensation is that all things pertaining of others. Paul once said: "I have "One God and Father of all, who is

to that dispensation shall be conducted planted, Apollos watered; but God gave above all, and through all, and in you

precisely in accordance with the prethe increase."(Ibid., 3:6.) Where there all."(Ibid., 4:4-6.)

ceding dispensations."(DHC, Vol. IV, is no increase given, of such as Paul We bear solemn witness to the world

p. 208.) spoke, there is no conversion. that God has revealed himself and his

We see that the gospel today is the Job's declaration is allenlightening. Son Jesus Christ to the world through

gospel of yesterday. Therefore the "But there is a spirit in man: and the his Prophet Joseph Smith; that he has

revelations of God to man through his inspiration of the Almighty giveth them restored his priesthood, his prophets, and prophets in the past, as found in the understanding."(Job 32:8.) his apostles as of old upon this earth.

Holy Bible, are of immediate importance Therefore, when we come to fulfil all They are with his people here and now.

and application in our lives today. To righteousness by delivering the message We as recipients of the Holy Priesthood

us they are in no wise antiquated or of the gospel as it has been revealed to are empowered and authorized to preach outmoded. The revelations of the past us, to our fellow men, we must teach the gospel of Jesus Christ to mankind

and the present reveal God the Father by the Spirit. The Spirit must bear today, and to administer in all the

JUNE 1961 391 ordinances of the gospel given to man your hands by the power of my Spirit; to the gospel plan. He seeks baptism

from the time of Adam to the present "And ye are to be taught from on by immersion for the remission of his day. All our elders called on missions high. Sanctify yourselves and ye shall sins.

at home, and those who are in the be endowed with power, that ye may Christ sought John the Baptist in the various nations of the earth, have been give even as I have spoken."(D&C wilderness to be baptized of him in the

ordained to the priesthood of God and 43:1516.) River Jordan. Christ at once recogset apart to teach the world the saving "And again, the elders, priests and nized the authority to baptize held by

principles of the gospel, to call the world teachers of this church shall teach the John. Christ declared that he was

to repentance, to warn the world of principles of my gospel, which are in baptized to "fulfil all righteousness."

impending dangers which can be met the Bible and the Book of Mormon, in Following his baptism, and as he came successfully only by living lives of the which is the fulness of the gospel."straightway out of the water, having

righteousness, adhering to the principles (Ibid., 42:12.) been immersed therein, the heavens

cf truth which emanate from the throne Now to those who hear will be given opened and God the Father declared:

of God, obedience to which results in to know and to understand the teachings "This is my beloved Son, in whom I am peace on earth and in exaltation eternalof our elders, if their hearts and minds well pleased."The Holy Ghost, the

ly in the kingdom of our Heavenly are open, and they have a sincere desire other member of the Godhead, deFather. to know the truth. The Lord will anscended from heaven and rested upon

The Lord once said, "For behold, this swer the prayers of those who seek to the Savior. Thus the Savior was bapis my work and my glory—to bring to know the truth. Did not the Master tized both by water and by the Spirit.

pass the immortality and eternal life of admonish us all to "Ask, and it shall be In all generations of time those who man."(Moses 1:39.) given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, have been baptized according to the

Every elder of the Church of Jesus and it shall be opened unto you:"plan laid down by the Father, justified

Christ of Latterday Saints called into (Matt. 7:7.) by the Son and recognized and approved

the service of the Master as a missionary People by the thousands can be heard by both the Father and the Holy Ghost, goes forth to proclaim these duties, with all over the earth to testify that the have, after baptism, received the Holy this admonition from the Lord—to do message of the missionaries of the Ghost through the laying on of handshis work, to establish his glory, to turn Church is true. They do not rely upon by those who are in authority—the Holy

the hearts and spirits of men to their the word of the elders of the Church Ghost, the Comforter, which Christ

Maker. We have received a very posialone. They receive a testimony of their promised his disciples would be sent to

tive and definite commission from on own which is born of the Spirit. This them by the Father upon his ascension

high. The Lord has spoken, and these is the greatest gift which comes to man on high. Those who seek after the

are his words: from on high. He immediately sees Comforter can be assured, through

"... Ye are not sent forth to be himself in true perspective with his felobedience to the laws and ordinances of

taught, but to teach the children of low men and with his God. He knows the gospel, never to be left alone, but

men the things which I have put into what he should know. He is responsive always to have the influence, power,

leave father and mother, and shall will be true and faithful in that union.

THE cleavebe one toflesh?his wife: and they twain shall Thoseence ofcovenantsGod and areangelsmadeat inthethealtarpresin

ETERNITY but"Whereforeone flesh.theyWhatare nothereforemore twain,God thea mantempleandofa thewomanLord. withHow,thethen,lovecanof

OF TEMPLE hath joined together, let not man put God in their hearts ever turn away from

MARRIAGE asunder."In the (Matt.Church19:3-6.)of Jesus Christ of thethat solemnthey willcovenantsbe true thatand faithfulthey makeall

Latterday Saints, marriage is performed the days of their lives in mortality and for those who love the truth and desire that their faithfulness will continue

President Joseph Fielding Smith to belong to the family of God, as after death? That is the covenant that

of the Council of the Twelve spoken of by Paul in the third chapter they make.

of Ephesians, wherein he says: Now, the Lord says further in an-

"For this cause I bow my knees unto swer to the Pharisees query:

did him, say unto Christ, Moses of our "They the Father Lord Jesus Why

I trust the of that guidance have I may of give to a writing in then the family whole "Of command whom in Spirit ofthe the Lord what I may is to put her divorcement, and earth away? (Eph. named."and heaven

say. 3:1415.) "He saith unto them, Moses because

I will commence by quoting from the Is there a family in heaven and in of the hardness of your hearts suffered nineteenth chapter of Matthew: earth? Yes. That family is composed you to put away your wives: but from

"The Pharisees also came unto him, of those who go to the temple of the the beginning it was not so.

tempting him, and saying unto him, Is Lord and there are sealed or married "And I say unto you, Whosoever shall it lawful for a man to put away his for time and for all eternity according put away his wife, except it be for wife for every cause? to the law of the Lord. Marriage is to fornication, and shall marry another,

"And he answered and said unto be eternal, just as the Lord declares committeth adultery: and whoso marthem, Have ye not read, that he which here in the words that I have read, rieth her which is put away doth commade them at the beginning made them and when a man and a woman go to mit adultery.

male and female, the house of the Lord and are married "His disciples say unto him, If the "And said, For this cause shall a man for time and for all eternity, they take case of the man be so with his wife, it

Address delivered Saturday morning, April 8, 1961. upon them certain covenants that they is not good to marry."(Matt. 19:7-10.)

392 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and inspiration of a member of the "And there were dwelling at Jerusalem Some may ask the question as to how

Godhead ever present. Jews, devout men, out of every nation we convert others to the truth. The

Christ says, as recorded in John: under heaven."(Acts 2:2-5.) answer is, we do not. Conversion comes

"But when the Comforter is come, whom Finally Peter testified unto them in from above. Our part in this work is

I will send unto you from the Father, the power and majesty of his priesthood: to plant the seeds of truth. These seeds

even the Spirit of truth, which pro- "Therefore let all the house of Israel are born of our conviction when we ceeded from the Father, he shall testify know assuredly, that God hath made testify of the divine mission of Jesus of me: that same Jesus, whom ye have cruciChrist, the Son of the Living God, who

"And ye also shall bear witness, befied, both Lord and Christ. offered himself as a sacrifice for the

cause ye have been with me from the "Now when they heard this, they were sins of the world. We rely upon the

beginning."(John 15:2627.) pricked in their heart, and said unto gift and power of the Holy Ghost to

For you it is left to decide whether Peter and to the rest of the apostles, carry our message into the hearts of our our message is like the seed in the Men and brethren, what shall we do? listeners and witness unto them the

parable of the sower, some falling. by the "Then Peter said unto them, Repent, truthfulness of our stated conviction.

into places,wayside stony the after testimonies or among now, "And the many baptized and be every one of you thorns, or into the good ground, this is and given been of him, in the which have of Jesus Christ for the remission is name heard and understood and beareth of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the testimony, last of all, which we fruit and bringeth forth "some an hunthe Holy Ghost."(Ibid., 2:3638.) give of him: That he lives!"declared

dredfold, sixtyfold, thirtysome some in Sidney Smith Rigdon and Joseph direct President to us With McKayfold."(See 13:3-8.) Matt. 1832.

effort in to in our our duty promuldo is of preaching the gospel today Our right "For the him, even saw on we at gating the gospel abroad, and home different the of from Pentecostno days of the voice heard God; and hand we to course always proper the we knowin Peter is to Jerusalem preached the record when that the Bebearing he Only pursue. raised has Lord The him up read:multitude. gotten of Father the We seer, his to prophet, revelator be and and there a suddenly "And sound him, came through him, "That and by and his to to give a perrevelation Church

as offrom a rushing heaven created, are mighty of the worlds him, were and to taining duties our as of the members it filled allwind, the and house inhabitants are thereof where the begotten and in the today. are world Church We sitting.they were sons daughters unto and God."(D&C all of becoming aware and more more there unto appeared 76:2224.) "And them

responsibility, privilege, our our our it fire, like as ofcloven tongues all his us that and as children help God sat upon each of them. power, and our opportunity. On every we may wend our way back to him by

"And they were all filled with the hand we are beckoned by the world to obedience to the laws and commandFloly Ghost, and began to speak with divulge, as it were, the secret of our ments set forth in his gospel, I humbly other tongues, as the Spirit gave them unity and success and happiness. No pray in the name of the Lord Jesus

utterance. one lacks opportunity. Christ. Amen.

Now, evidently they did not get the tween a man and a woman married in one of the greatest sins that can be full significance of the Savior's words. the temple for time and all eternity, it committed is for a man and a woman

In the temple of the Lord, a couple is because they, one or the other or to separate after they have been sealed goes to be sealed or married for time both, have violated the covenants that in the house of the Lord to become and all eternity. Children born in that they made at the altar of the Lord, sons and daughters of God and memunion will be the children of that otherwise they could not separate, and bers of his household, and to have

father and mother not only in mortal the Lord never intended that a man and children come to them, sent by divine life but in all eternity, and they be- a woman be separated in death, but approval to be in that household not come members of the family of God that this marriage was one for eternity. only for time but for all eternity.

in heaven and on earth, as spoken of There was no separation in death, and Now how in the world a man and a by Paul, and that family order should never be broken. The Lord tried to

impress this upon his disciples that it was only because of the hardness of the hearts of the people, because they failed to keep the commandments that the Lord had given them that Moses granted the putting away of the wife. Today the laws are different, and

sometimes men put away their wives, and sometimes wives put away their husbands, but a marriage in the temple of the Lord should be one that should be considered sacred and holy, never to be violated in any way whatsoever, because it means that those who enter into such a covenant shall continue after death and have eternal increase and build a kingdom.

Now, if there is ever a divorce beJUNE 1961 393 woman can go to the temple and there the great family of God, as spoken of answer to these Pharisees. If the law

be sealed and make their solemn coveby Paul. was true in the days of the Savior and

nants that they will be true and faithful, It is only because of transgression on his words are according to the law, then before the Lord, and then the time the part of the wife or of the husband, it seems to me that that law has not comes when one of them is dissatisfied, or perhaps on the part of both, when a changed in the Dispensation of the Fulmaybe both, and they want to separate! couple has been married in the temple ness of Times. It is only through sin

They are committing one of the great of the Lord, and then separate. If they and the transgression of the law that a

divide their to true to the covenants, that separation were can would comecrimes that could if they be committed, chilobligations that leave the to they father each have mother and and madehave children. to Those children born

altar in to other of the perhaps stranded at the the house dren and them have a right to the companionship Lord, they could not separate, and if received into some other family by adopbe of father and mother, and father and they have children, they are not only tion, because parents have lost their mother are under obligations before committing a crime against themselves, faith and have turned away from the their Eternal Father to be true to each but they are harming those children and covenants they solemnly made before other and raise those children in light robbing them of blessings that they God and angels.

and truth, that they may in the eterniwere born entitled to receive. How members of the Church can

ties to come, be one—a family within The Savior is very emphatic in his do such a thing appears to me as a

Thursday Morning Session, the personal preparation we make for force in our lives. We should lift up

April 6, 1961 eternal life? To help us to get the our eyes to worship God and to serve

motivation and inspiration for this acour fellow men as the Lord has complishment is one of the purposes commanded.

of these great semiannual meetings. We are, of course, all aware that LIFT As a part of each conference, the there are other powerful influences in

UP Presidency and other General Authorithe world inviting us to look down to

YOUR tiesmeetingof thein Churchthe upperhave rooman inspiringof the thetemple,earth.SatanFromsaid theto Jesus,pinnacle"Castof thythe

temple. self as I sat that in that This conference, giving has Satan been down."EYES

historic place, piosince direction our I thought about ever with the most same neer ancestors, who out of their poverty terrifying success. And the first step

Sterling W. Sill erectedstands onthethis magnificentblock, whereintemplethe sacredthat towardlook down,any tofailurelet earthlyis alwaysthingsmerelyabsorbto

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve ordinances so necessary to our salvation our interests. It is pretty difficult to

can be performed. But the temple itself look down and to look up at the same

I am very grateful, my brothers and is a constant reminder to us to do our time.

sisters, for this semiannual opportunity duty. It is a kind of symbol of our It has been said that one may not alof attending with you the general conmission. ways look where he is going, but he

ference of the Church. What a great All of you, I am sure, have had the will always go where he is looking. If

privilege it is to come here and be thrilling experience at night of looking we merely look down long enough, strengthened in our faith and have up to the lighted spires of the temple many will be sure to fall.

our thoughts redirected toward the puras they point us up to God, as if to Back in the days of the old sailing pose for which the Church was organremind us of the purpose of our lives. ships, a young, inexperienced seaman

ized in this greatest and last of all the To me, one of the most inspirational was sent aloft in a storm to disentangle dispensations. parts of any church edifice is its spire. a broken rigging from the mainmast.

The Lord's reason for bringing us to The word, "spire"and "inspire"have Despite the raging winds he climbed up these valleys in the first place was not a close origin and a near common quickly, and soon his mission was acprimarily to establish us in a condition meaning. And as God's thoughts are complished. But as he started to deof wealth and ease, he probably did higher than our thoughts, so we need scend, he looked down, and as he looked

not intend that we should ever excel his inspiration for our accomplishment. down, he became dizzy and frightened.

as a financial community or as a seat Jesus once explained one source of He saw the angry, rolling sea. He felt

of political influence. We were brought his strength when he said, "My meat is the quiver of the trembling ship as it

here to build up the kingdom, to send to do the will of him that sent me, and was tossed about by the waves. Then

out the message of the restoration to the to finish his work."(John 4:34.) Dohe became aware that his grip was

nations, and to prepare the world for ing God's will is also our greatest weakening, and he cried to those on the glorious second coming of Christ. possible source of strength. To encourthe deck below that he was about to

In these fields we must excel. age his disciples to follow him in doing fall. The captain shouted to him to

What a sobering responsibility it is the Father's will, Jesus spoke some lines stop looking down, and heeding his to be entrusted with the message of that I would like to use as a text. He superior's command, he turned his eyes

universal salvation. But with the adsaid, "Lift up your eyes, and look on upward and soon regained his balance

vantage in knowledge that we have rethe fields; for they are white already to and selfconfidence. Then he was able

ceived from our three great volumes of harvest."(Ibid., 4:35.) to make his way safely back to the deck.

new scripture, supported by our own Certainly our day is a most urgent The moral dizziness that always comes personal testimonies of the truth, what time to reecho that theme. We should from looking down is one of our biggest

reason can we possibly give if we do lift up our eyes to see our duty and to personal problems. It is one of the signot excel in faith and in education understand our opportunities; to accept nificant characteristics of our day that

and in Godliness and in honor and in our responsibilities and to put truth in as a people we are too much occupied

394 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mystery. It can be explained, of course. sealings, and when the man and his

They do it because they have lost the wife lose their faith and go to the spirit of the gospel. That divorce comes courts and get a separation, and then

to them because they are not keeping go out and marry according to the laws the commandments that the Lord gave of the land, they are not culpable beto them, because they have permitted fore the law of the land, but they are darkness to enter into their souls. before the kingdom of God and what the

I think I can say here safely and Savior says here in this revelation is truthfully that no judge in this world absolutely true:

in any court of the land can annul a "... Whosoever shall put away his

marriage for time and all eternity. He wife, except it be for fornication, and

may separate the husband and wife by shall marry another, committeth adullegal enactments so far as this world is tery: and whoso marrieth her which is

concerned, but he cannot separate that put away doth commit adultery."(Matt.

husband and wife so far as the next 19:9.) May the Lord bless you all,

world is concerned. Only the President I ask in the name of Jesus Christ.

of the Church has authority to cancel Amen.

with the things down. The newspapers, the main purpose of our lives. It doesn't Who made him dead to rapture and

magazines, and our own inclinations take very long looking down before we despair, center our attention on sin, crime, war, are incapable of doing anything else. A thing that grieves not and that never

and material advantage. Then we get In his Inferno Dante gave an account hopes,

dizzy and confused, and our lives tend of an imaginary trip through hell. And Stolid and stunned, a brother to the ox?

to lose their balance. one group of hell's inmates said to him, Who loosened and let down his brutal

Here we have the communist example "As our eyes intent on earthly things jaw?

of where leaders of great nations have were never lifted up to heaven, so now Whose was the hand that slanted back stopped looking up, and soon they have doth justice fix them down upon the this brow?

cast themselves down by centering their ground. And even as greed destroyed Whose breath blew out the light within

life's purposes in evil, including one of our love for good whereby the labors of this brain?

the greatest sins which is their attempted our lives were lost, so now doth justice enslavement of other nations. When hold us captive here, fettered in close "Is this the Thing the Lord God made

nations or individuals look down and restraint."and gave

recognize no higher authority than their We might see a reflection of our situaTo have dominion over sea and land;

own, they soon lose their sense of right tion in John Buhyon's Pilgrim's Progress To trace the stars and search the heavens and wrong. The communist leaders story of the mjan with the muckrake. for power;

have deliberately destroyed many of Because this m|n spent his life raking To feel the passion of Eternity?

their own people, and they would, if unto himself the chaff and dust of the Is this the dream He dreamed who they thought they could, deprive every earth, he had trained himself to look shaped the suns human being in the world of his Godin no direction but down. There was And marked their ways upon the ancient

given free agency without a moment's an angel standing over his head with deep?

hesitation. They have closed up their a celestial crown in his hand, offering Down all the caverns of Hell to their

churches by governmental decree and to exchange the crown for the muckrake. last gulf

now make no pretense of lifting up their But because this man could look in no There is no shape more terrible than eyes, their thoughts, or their activities direction but down, he disregarded the this to God. offer of the angel as he continued to More tongued with censure of the

At Fulton, Missouri, on March 5, rake unto himself the chaff and muck world's blind greed 1946, Winston Churchill said, "A of the earth. More filled with signs and portents for

shadow has fallen across the scene so With a similar situation in mind, the soul recently lighted by Allied victory. From Edwin Markham entitled his poetic More packt with danger to the universe."

Stettin in the Baltic to Trieste in the masterpiece, "The Man with the Hoe."

Adriatic, an iron curtain has descended It might have been entitled, "The Man And then Mr. Markham asks:

across the continent."The communists with the Muckrake."It was written

have erected a vertical curtain, separatunder the inspiration of Millet's world- "O masters, lords and rulers in all lands, ing themselves from their fellow men famous painting of a brutalized toiler, How will the future reckon with this and are thereby violating the second representing one who had fallen from man?

great commandment. But they have the high position in which he had been How answer his brute question in that

also erected a horizontal curtain over placed by the Creator. And about this hour

their heads, separating themselves from man with an iron curtain over his When whirlwinds of rebellion shake

God, and are thereby violating the first head, Mr. Markham said: all shores?

and greatest commandment. How will it be with kingdoms and with

But we sometimes accomplish about "Bowed by the weight of centuries he kings the same thing individually by allowleans With those who shaped him to the ing the iron curtains of our material Upon his hoe and gazes on the ground, thing he is interests, our social affairs, and our The emptiness of ages in his face, When this dumb Terror shall rise to spiritual indifference to separate us from And on his back the burden of the judge the world,

God and draw our attention away from world. After the silence of the centuries?"

JUNE 1961 395 We always begin this downward protruth, honor, and fairness lose their through the storms of our troubled lives cess as soon as we separate ourselves meaning. The angel's song of "Peace saying that if we would avoid falling,

from God in any degree. The first and on earth, good will toward men"is an we must look up to God.

greatest commandment has to do with unintelligible concept to communist We sing a song in which we say:

our first and greatest need, which is for philosophy. Their wisest strategy and

God. That is, God created us, he gives the point of their greatest excellence is "Look up, my soul, be not cast down,

us life and breath, he enlightens our to cause confusion, hatred, and strife Cast not thine eyes upon the ground.

minds and quickens our understandings. among their fellow men. Mr. Mao, the Break off the shackles of the earth,

At this very moment God is sending us communist dictator in China, recently Receive, my soul, a spirit's birth."

energy, food, and vitality from the sun. said that he would welcome an atomic

We do not live on an independent war, and we have every reason to beWe are not likely to receive the spirit's earth. If the sun's rays were turned off lieve that he was being entirely truthful birth while we are competing with each

for just a few hours, there would be no in his declaration. other in evil. We are born again only

life left upon this earth. And when But as the captain in the storm called when we follow the direction given to

men turn their backs on God and obey to the inexperienced seaman to look up, our lives by the temple spires and look no higher law than their own, then so the captain of our salvation is calling up to our Heavenly Father. We need

dom may come in contact with people to the young missionary, Timothy; purity

who say, "Well, after all, young man, of mind and body and soul.

"BE THOU what do you know about the gospel?"The Apostle Matthew recorded these

AN EXAMPLE Then,what Paulthey cansaid, remember,"Let no manif theydespisewill, wordsthe kingdomof the Christ:shall be"Andpreachedthis gospelin allof

..."the world for a witness unto all naOF THE thy youth.

BELIEVERS"is Paulmost important,also said towhenTimothy,he mentionedwhich tions;(Matt. and24:14.)then shall the end come."

"the believers."That would indicate President McKay said in the meeting

that all these young men should of the General Authorities in the temple

Joseph L. Wirthlin understand the gospel and believe it two weeks ago that Satan has more

Presiding Bishop and teach it to the extent that they power over the world than ever before can bear testimony that they are repin history. I accept this without a

resenting the true Church. question. Therefore, it is very important

My beloved brethren and sisters, it is a Paul said to Timothy, "in word,"by for all of us to give thought that sooner great source of inspiration to be present which he should learn the gospel and or later the end is going to come—the

this morning. Week after week as I visit all the information that was essential end of all of this difficulty that we have

the stakes in the Church, I always feel to teach it to those not of the true at the present time and that we will

I am with my brethren and sisters. That faith. Paul not only declared to Timothy, prepare the world for the second comis the way I feel this morning. I know "in word,"but also, "in conversation,"ing of Christ.

you as my brethren and sisters, but I which means to preach and teach the The Apostle John said in Revelation also know of our older brother, Jesus gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ to those 14:6-7:

Christ, the Son of God. In all of our who came in contact with him. He "And I saw another angel fly in the

endeavors, we must give consideration also said, "in charity,"which would be midst of heaven, having the everlasting to him. kindness and helpfulness in all of his gospel to preach unto them that dwell

This morning, as President McKay teachings. He then said, "in spirit."on the earth, and to every nation, and

was giving us information about the The spirit comes through prayer, being kindred, and tongue, and people,

Aaronic Priesthood and its achievements, close to the Lord where individual prob- "Saying with a loud voice, Fear God,

I thought of another young man. His lems can be solved—the spirit of loyalty and give glory to him; for the hour of

name was Timothy. Timothy became and devotion to the Lord and his Son his judgment is come: and worship him

a wonderful missionary in his work with Jesus Christ, and also with this comes the that made heaven, and earth, and the the Apostle Paul. Paul said to him, gift of the Holy Ghost. I am sure, my sea, and the fountains of waters."

"Let no man despise thy youth; but brethren and sisters, that no individual When the Church was upon the earth

be thou an example of the believers, in can render the right service in preaching two thousand years ago, and thereafter word, in conversation, in charity, in the gospel to those not of our faith was disorganized, the apostles and all spirit, in faith, in purity."(1 Timothy unless he has the Holy Ghost. It is so who had labored in building up the

4:12.) important in our homes that we instruct kingdom at that time were gone. There

Paul's words, "Let no man despise our sons and daughters about the Holy were individuals who desired to organize thy youth..."can be directed to the Ghost. Paul also said to Timothy, "in churches of their own. During that

thousands of our young missionaries who faith."Faith indicates activity. The period of time of darkness in the world

are out in the world preaching the youth of the Church and these young when the sons and daughters of our gospel to those not of our faith. Any missionaries who go out into the world Heavenly Father were not receiving the

young man who holds the Melchizedek have faith so strong in their souls that divine guidance they had received durPriesthood of the Lord Jesus Christ and they will be successful in their assigning the time of the apostles and those is endeavoring to build up the kingments. He also mentioned "in purity"who followed them, the power of Satan

396 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to trade in our muckrakes. There is an

angel over our heads offering us the celestial kingdom if we will lift up our eyes and our hearts and our voices and our souls unto God. We need to take

down our iron curtains and do away with our idleness and indifference. We

need to remember the purpose of our lives and give a more enthusiastic response to the Master's invitation so appropriate to our day, wherein he had said, "Lift up your eyes, and look on the fields; for they are white already to

harvest."(John 4:35.)

That God will help us so to do, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

was dominant. There were wars, wars

that came about because of the differences in religion and the true gospel itself which was lost. The priesthood

was gone. The people were in darkness.

Proverbs 6:1619 states:

"These six things doth the Lord hate:

yea, seven are an abomination unto him:

"A proud look, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood, "An heart that deviseth wicked imaginations, feet that be swift in running to mischief,""A false witness that speaketh lies, and he that soweth discord among brethren."This statement applies to us today as well as it did to the people almost three thousand years ago.

A great event was to take place, as I have already indicated to you, when that marvelous apostle made it very clear that in the last days as he said, "And I saw another angel fly in the be organized again. On April 6, 1830, made a statement in the thirteenth Artimidst of heaven, having the everlasting the Church was organized. Since that cle of Faith quite comparable to what

gospel to preach unto them that dwell time, many other important events have Paul said to Timothy:

on the earth...."(Rev. 14:6.) taken place. There was the erection of "We believe in being honest, true,

A young man who was desirous to the temple in Kirtland, Ohio, and many chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and in dofind the true Church made it a matter other temples since then. With these ing good to all men; indeed, we may

of prayer, and there appeared to him wonderful events, you can come to but say that we follow the admonition of the Father and the Son. The Father one conclusion, the Church of Jesus Paul—We believe all things, we hope

said to Joseph, "This is My Beloved Son. Christ of Latterday Saints was again all things, we have endured many

Hear Him!"Thereafter, the Prophet made available for all of the sons and things, and hope to be able to endure

Joseph received the direction and the daughters of our Heavenly Father who all things. If there is anything virtuous,

authority to organize the Church. Yes, now live upon the earth and those who lovely, or of good report or praisehe received the priesthood when John come after us. worthy, we seek after these things."

the Baptist appeared to him. He also There are now eight thousand young And as the Apostle Paul said to

received the Melchizedek Priesthood men preaching the gospel as Timothy Timothy, "Let no man despise thy from Peter, James, and John, the apostaught it, that those who are seeking the youth; but be thou an example of the

tles at the time of Christ. The golden truth can find it through these young believers, in word, in conversation, in

plates were given to him, which gave missionaries who give them the inspiracharity, in spirit, in faith, in purity,"the history of America, and most imtion and the knowledge that the Church (1 Tim. 4:12) which I pray will be a

portant, they contained the gospel of of the Lord Jesus Christ is again on guide to all the sons and daughters of the Lord Jesus Christ in its fulness. the earth. our Heavenly Father. This I ask in

The Lord intended his Church should Our American Prophet Joseph Smith the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1961 397 Jesus had no definite place of resito our minds we think of a happy time

PUT YOUR dence. He went from place to place and a time of rejoicing. The Lord said:

HAND TO teachingnecessary thatand thedoingmen whogood.wereIt calledwas "Liftfields; upfor yourthey eyes,are andwhitelookalreadyon theto

harvest. apart for the and set devote work should THE PLOW their "And he that reapeth receiveth wages, time attention forego and and

worldly affairs. The work of the Master and gathereth fruit unto life eternal:

set the great example. The second man that both he that soweth and he that

was also willing to follow. "But he said, reapeth may rejoice together."(John

Howard W. Hunter Lord, suffer me first to go and bury my 4:3536.)

of the Council of the Twelve father. Before there can be a reaping of the

"Jesus said unto him, Let the dead harvest, there must have been a sowing bury their dead: but go thou and preach of the seed. When we think of sowing,

Not long ago we were traveling through the kingdom of God."(Ibid., 9:5960.) our minds turn to the parable spoken

the air so high above the white clouds Does this statement sound severe? by the Savior:

that they looked like a blanket of snow The Master made it clear that the work "Behold, a sower went forth to sow;

beneath us. The sky was blue, and the of the kingdom was to take precedence "And when he sowed, some seeds fell

sun was shining, and then we comover all other things. Then the third by the way side, and the fowls came and

menced our descent for landing. As we man stepped forward and said: "Lord, I devoured them up:

came down through the clouds, a new will follow thee; but let me first go bid "Some fell upon stony places, where

scene came into view. The earth had them farewell, which are at home at they had not much earth: and forthwith

been plowed for planting, and the sun my house."(Ibid., 9:61.) they sprung up, because they had no

was shining on the fields, some plowed Not one of the three was willing to deepness of earth:

in one direction and some in another. follow him without first returning to "And when the sun was up, they were

It made the earth appear as a great giant their worldly affairs. The answer of scorched; and because they had no root,

checkerboard. We came down and Jesus is one of the great aphorisms of they withered away.

down and then, when within a few biblical literature. "No man, having "And some fell among thorns; and

hundred feet of the ground, I saw a man put his hand to the plough, and looking the thorns sprung up, and choked them:

laboring in the field, his hands fixed to back, is fit for the kingdom of God.""But others fell into good ground, and

a plow drawn by a horse. My thoughts (Ibid., 9:62.) brought forth fruit, some an hundredturned to that closing verse in the ninth In his teachings the Master used fold, some sixtyfold, some thirtyfold."

chapter of Luke in which the Master homely figures of speech, those having (Matthew 13:3-8.)

said: familiar, everyday character. The words, Sowing of seed is important; other-

"No man, having put his hand to "his hand to the plough,"unfolds a wise, there would be no harvest, and as the plough, and looking back, is fit for picture before us with which we are all stated in the parable, there must be good the kingdom of God."(Luke 9:62.) familiar—a strong man with sinewy ground to bring forth a good harvest.

Christ made this statement as he arms and a firm step, guiding the blade Plowing must have been done before traveled to Jerusalem. Three men had stra'ght and true, his eyes intent upon the sowing or there would have been

expressed their willingness to follow the plough, looking ahead to the furrow no seedbed.

him and become his disciples. The first to be cut. Hour after hour he toils, Of all the work of the field, plowof these said to him: "Lord, I will folnever looking backward except to see work is the heaviest labor. It is primary

low thee whithersoever thou goest. that the furrow is straight. and fundamental—it is pioneer toil. A

"And Jesus said unto him, Foxes have In addition to "ploughing"the Lord seed may be dropped anywhere, and holes, and birds of the air have nests; often mentioned the words, "sowing"and there is no resistance, but put the blade

but the Son of man hath not where to "reaping."He made mention of "reapof the plow into the ground and a

lay his head."(Ibid., 9:5758.) ing the harvest,"and when that comes thousand forces join to oppose the

Thursday Afternoon Session, prayers during these next few minutes. "He that believeth and is baptized

April 6, 1961 Several weeks ago I had a telephone shall be saved; but he that believeth

call from an anxious father about his not shall be damned."(Mark 16:1516.)

THAT THE nineteenyear-oldcertain scriptures, son,was who,resistinghavingthe readidea similar:And then"Behold,in our I daysentoneyousomewhatout to

it people, the of mission and and going lest he warn do testify on a would WORLD reject every hath to injustice been becometh would who an man those who

THROUGH his message, thus placing them under warned to warn his neighbor.

left are "Therefore, without they as cerconstrued condemnation he had HIM MIGHT sins are upon and their scriptures, to excuse, tain which he had read, BE SAVED"mean. own heads."(D&C 88:8182.) their

asked, this send So young man "Why this I sat at the with As man, young B. LeeHarold gospel, to missionaries the preach out

of I found the father, that he theif to people under put do so wouldof the Council of the Twelve request in scriptures particular two mind. had accept? not condemnation would who

The first was the injunction of the Would it not be better for people to be

My soul is subdued as I face this vast Master to his disciples when he said, kept in ignorance than to be taught conference audience, and I seek, there- "Go ye into all the world, and preach and then not to accept?"

fore, for an interest in your faith and the gospel to every creature. Of course, these questions opened up

398 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA change. To disturb the conventional, Church schools. In all, about 90,000 his hand to the plough, and looking

to overturn the traditional, or to attempt young people are being given direction back, is fit for the kingdom of God."

to make changes in the deeprooted way in life by those who have put their There is danger in looking backward.

of doing things in the lives of indihands to the plow. One must keep his eyes ahead in order

viduals, requires toil and sweat. The Not many years ago we entered into to cut a straight furrow. When the

heaviest work in the kingdom of God is the field of assisting those in need by plowman commences to look backward, to turn the hard surface of the earth the great welfare program. The plowhe cuts a crooked furrow, and his work is

which has been baked in the sun or shares were driven in and the soil spoiled. We cannot continue to walk

covered by the growth of nature. What turned over, disclosing the hidden possiforward when at the same time we

a great change comes over land which bilities of our arising to full stature in are looking backward. It makes no

has been cleared and plowed,—row after being our brothers'keeper. Men and difference what object or occasion

row of evenly spaced furrows, the subwomen have joined in the labor of the causes us to look backward, the backsurface loosened and exposed to the field, and thousands have been helped ward glance commences the backward sun and air and the rains from heaven, and aided in the Lord's way, when in turning, and may be the beginning of ready to be broken up and planted to need. our disendowment in the kingdom of

seed. The wilderness is conquered and We have in Church leadership great God.

subdued. plowmen with firm hands and stout As plowing requires an eye intent on

Those who become disciples of the hearts—stake presidents and mission the furrow to be made and is marred

Master and put their hands to the plow presidents—determined men who work when one looks backward, so will they

without turning back prove themselves in the fields. Bishops, branch presicome short of exaltation who prosecute

to be worthy plowmen. By turning over dents, heads of priesthood quorums and the work of God with a distracted atthe old surfaces of tradition, they preauxiliary organizations are toiling in tention or a divided heart. We may not

pared the fields for the introduction and their assigned fields. Close at home and see clearly the end of the furrow, but

the spread of Christianity into the in distant countries new lands are being we dare not look back. Eternity

world. broken up by these plowmen, and the stretches on ahead, challenging us to be

We do not need to go back to the subsurface exposed to the light of the faithful.

time of Christ, however, to find fields gospel of Jesus Christ. "And thus, if ye are faithful ye shall

to plow. F.'elds exist today all over Is it hard work? Of course, but that be laden with many sheaves, and

the world, and missionaries have been which is worthwhile is seldom easy. As crowned with honor, and glory, and

called and have put their hands to the individuals we have a responsibility to immortality, and eternal life."(D&C

plow. Nearly 15,000 stake and fulltime plow. Some accept the opportunity, but 75:5.)

missionaries are now in the fields. some shrink from the responsibility. God lives. I witness that Jesus is the

Furrows are being cut and seeds planted, Some of those who commence cut only Christ; that the gospel has been reand every day we see the results of the a short furrow and then leave the field turned to the earth; that Joseph Smith

harvest. for what appears to be escape from the was the servant and prophet raised up

And there is the field of education. toil to follow the false illusion of the for the purpose of the restoration; that

Hundreds of plowmen are preparing the ease which they had left behind. Their there lives today a prophet to reveal

field for the harvest. They are teaching plowshares are left to rust in the furrow. to us God's will in all things, and with

the principles of truth to our young Whatever the past may have been in all my heart I sustain President David men and young women in the Church our individual lives, it is gone. The O. McKay as that prophet, seer, and

educational system. About 63,000 high future lies ahead, and we must face it revel ator.

school students are presently enrolled in with resolution. There is always a point May we put our hands to the plow

sem'nary classes, 9,500 college students from which we can begin. Even though and not look backward, that we may be

are participating in the institute program we may have been faithful in the past, fit for a place in the kingdom of God, I of religious education, and approxiif we turn away, that faithfulness will humbly pray in the name of Jesus mately 17,000 students are enrolled in profit us nothing. "No man, having put Christ. Amen.

a subject which would require far more And so the scriptures record, the disbaptism by immersion and by the laying time than is at my disposal this afterciples preached, "Repent, and be bapon of hands for the conferring of the noon, but with the thought that these tized... for the remission of sins, and Holy Ghost, as the disciples, thereafter

same questions may be in the minds of ye shall receive the Holy Ghost."(Acts as they went out among the people,

others, particularly our young men who 2:38.) administered these sacred ordinances.

do not understand, I shall this afterThe Master's admonition to NicoThen Nicodemus asked: "How can

noon make a few observations relative demus, who came confessing Jesus as these things be?"And in answer, the

to the point raised by this young man. a teacher come of God, and undoubtedly Master declared the profound truth reSome of these thoughts were expressed seeking to know, like so many others garding the atonement, which explains

in my interview with him. who are true seekers after truth, just to all who would understand the reason

saved. disciples: his do to was be he must what Master He commanded The preached the gospel be by must why

if again all told that nations, therefore, be born he he must ye and teach"Go to all servants people. Said authorized

see the of in of God. Thisbaptizing kingdom the the would them name

clarified, statement, the he he: Master Son, of the of the when HolyFather, and and

Ghost": (Matthew 28:19.) explained, "Except a man be born of "For God so loved the world, that he

"Whose soever sins ye remit, they are water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter gave his only begotten Son, that whoremitted unto them; and whose soever into the kingdom of God."(John 3:5.) soever believeth in him should not

sins ye retain, they are retained."This new birth, then, was to be perish, but have everlasting life."

(John 20:23.) accomplished through the medium of (Ibid., 3:16.)

JUNE 1961 399 And then he emphasized, "For God and of the Spirit is redeemed from this many of you as have been baptized into sent not his Son into the world to conspiritual death and by the power of the Christ have put on Christ."(Gal. 3:27.)

demn the world; but that the world Holy Ghost, brought back into direct Involved in this question of the unithrough him might be saved."(Ibid., communion with God, and these are versal proclamation of the gospel is an-

3:17.) "born again."To those who keep the other principle implied in the Master's

I then paraphrased to my young miscommandments "... he may pour out instruction to Peter. The Master, havsionary friend: "So our missionaries go his Spirit more abundantly upon you."ing declared the fundamental principle

not out into the world to condemn the (Mosiah 18:10.) upon which his kingdom would be built,

world, but that the world, through their Those who suffered this first "spiritual conferred upon Peter the "keys of the teachings, might be saved."death"were cast out from the presence kingdom,"which have been conferred

Being saved from everlasting condemof God from the Garden of Eden, as the upon all prophetleaders in every disnation through the atonement of the Lord had said to the spirits in the prepensation and held today by our own only Begotten Son becomes a new birth, mortal world, that they might "prove President David O. McKay in our time.

or a redemption from spiritual death, themselves to see if they would do all He said the purpose of so establishing the meaning of which is explained by things whatsoever the Lord their God his kingdom with that authority was revelation as the Lord has revealed it. should command them,"and there was that the "gates of hell"should not

From the fall of Adam and Eve in the granted unto all men, therefore a "proprevail against it.

Garden of Eden, they and their posterity bationary"period as the Prophet Amulek The broad implication of that statesuffered a spiritual death, or a separation explained: "For behold, this life is the ment, having in mind the periods of

from direct communication with Deity. time for men to prepare to meet God,"apostasy which have followed each disThis is what the revelations have taught (Alma 34:32) or in other words, a time pensation, is that even during such

us: for all men to work out their salvation periods of apostasy when there was no

"And it must needs be that the devil and to prepare to come back into the one on earth to administer these saving should tempt the children of men, or presence of God. ordinances, the devil would not prevail

they could not be agents unto themIt was this plan of salvation to which against the plan of salvation of all of selves; for if they never should have the Resurrected Lord made reference our Father's children.

bitter they could not know the sweet when he said to the Nephites: "And This further provision in his plan con-

"Wherefore, it came to pass that the no unclean thing can enter into his templated the preaching of the gospel devil tempted Adam, and he partook of kingdom; therefore nothing entereth into then, not only to his children who were

the forbidden fruit and transgressed the his rest save it be those who have upon the earth, but also to the spirits commandment, wherein he became subwashed their garments in my blood, of mortals who had lived upon the ject to the will of the devil, because he because of their faith, and the repentearth. The Master prophesied of the

yielded unto temptation. ance of all their sins, and their faithtime when that would take place when

"Wherefore, I, the Lord God, caused fulness unto the end."(3 Nephi 27:19.) he said: "Verily, verily, I say unto you,

that he should be cast out from the Baptism of water and of the Spirit by The hour is coming, and now is, when

Garden of Eden, from my presence, those having authority are the necesthe dead shall hear the voice of the Son because of his transgression, wherein he sary ordinances for this cleansing, for as of God: and they that hear shall live."

became spiritually dead, which is the the Lord told Adam, "... by the water (John 5:25.)

first death, even that same death which ye keep the commandment, by the Spirit Not long after this prophecy was utis the last death, which is spiritual, are ye justified, and by the blood are tered, it was fulfilled when the Cruciwhich shall be pronounced upon the ye sanctified."(Moses 6:60.) fied Lord, as Peter tells us, "... quickwicked when I shall say: "Depart, ye It was undoubtedly this same prinened by the Spirit, went and preached

cursed."(D&C 29:3941.) ciple that the apostle Paul had in mind unto the spirits in prison."(1 Peter

Man through the baptism of the water when he taught the Galatians: "For as 3:1821.) And thus, although temporarNow is the time to show; forth with another plan described by

We ask it fearlessly; the Father as follows:

Who's on the Lord's side? Who?""But, behold, my Beloved Son, which

WHO'S was my Beloved and Chosen from the Ever since the great council was conbeginning, said unto me—Father, thy ON THE ducted in heaven for the purpose of prowill be done, and the glory be thine

LORD'S viding a plan of salvation, the right of forever."(Ibid., 4:2.)

choice has become most important. The Satan's proposal was rejected. He reSIDE? Lord revealed to the Prophet Joseph belled, and as a result of this rebellion,

Smith, through the writings of Moses he and his followers were cast out of in the Pearl of Great Price, some of the heaven. Since that day, he has been

Carl W. Buehner things which took place on this occatrying to destroy man.

in of our Father purpose The primary sion. how Satan went before He told of the Presiding Bishopric

Son is only Begotten and his heaven saying: Father the

is to take "—Behold, here am I, send me, I will exalt mankind. Satan's desire to

The message contained in the words of be thy son, and I will redeem all manaway our free agency and reduce everyan old song suggest a few thoughts kind, that one soul shall not be lost, one to his level.

worthy of consideration: and surely I will do it; wherefore give We are here today because of the

me thine honor."(Moses 4:1.) choices we have made.

"Who's on the Lord's side? Who? Then the Father's Beloved Son came One verse of another song we

400 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ily, the powers of the devil drove the There is no more welcome voice to "My grace shall attend you."I believe

Church into the wilderness of apostasy the honest in heart than the voice of the definition of "grace"is implied in after the apostolic period, the gates of the true messenger preaching the gospel the fourth section of the Doctrine and hell did not prevail against the plan of of Jesus Christ. We have a classic Covenants where the Lord promised to

salvation, either for the dead, who did example of inspired teachings and how those who would engage vigorously in not have ample opportunity to receive they come. The sons of Mosiah were missionary work: "... and lo, he that

the gospel on earth, as well as for with Alma at the time the angel first thrusteth in his sickle with his might, those then living when authorized servappeared unto him, and when he saw the same layeth up in store that he ants were on the earth to perform the them returning from their missionary perisheth not, but bringeth salvation to essential saving ordinances. journeys, the record says, he rejoiced his soul."(Ibid., 4:4.) The saving

The missionary work in the spirit exceedingly "to see his brethren; and "grace"of the Lord's atoning power

world was thus introduced by the Master what added more to his joy they were would extend to the giver as well as to and has continued from that time down still his brethren in the Lord; yea, and those who would receive the saving

to the present "... that they might be they had waxed strong in the knowledge ordinances of the gospel.

judged according to men in the flesh, of the truth; for they were men of a Surely, therefore, no one with that

and yet live according to God in the sound understanding, and they had understanding of these fundamental

Spirit,"to attain which, is to gain eternal searched the scriptures diligently, that principles would think he were doing life. (1 Peter 4:6.) they might know the word of God. our Heavenly Father's mortal children

So, surely with the preaching of the "But this is not all; they had given a disservice by giving them these pricegospel made thus vital to the eternal themselves to much prayer, and fasting; less gifts.

blessing of all who will hear and actherefore they had the spirit of prophecy, May God bless us all and all our cept, no one should hesitate when called and the spirit of revelation, and when Father's children, that they may be by proper authority to go into all the they taught, they taught with power responsive to the call of the missionworld and preach the gospel to every and authority of God."(Alma 17:2-3.) aries. May this young man and all

nation, kindred, tongue, and people. When I read that word "diligently"others like him, may they realize that

Among the Nephites there was an examwhich the Lord has repeated again and this is a responsibility which the Lord ple of how men of this kind of devotion again, as when he said: "And I give unto has given to his Church in every disand dedication applied themselves to you as commandment that you shall pensation, and to his authorized servants

their teaching. Jacob writes: teach one another the doctrine of the in the world of spirits, to teach the

"For I, Jacob, and my brother Joseph kingdom,"and then added, "Teach ye gospel to every creature in order that had been consecrated priests and diligently and my grace shall attend each be left without excuse in the day of teachers of this people, by the hand of you"(D&C 88:7778), I have tried to judgment, and that all might be reNephi. define those words "diligently"and deemed from the Fall and brought back

"And we did magnify our office unto "grace."Diligently, the dictionary into the presence of the Lord. We who

the Lord, taking upon us the responsisays, is "perseveringly attentive, prosehave the command to preach and teach bility, answering the sins of the people cuted with careful attention,"which is must, like the Apostle Paul declared, if teach not heads of did our gospel the of Jesusupon be ashamed own we in- "not or laziness, or carelessness, opposite it all diligence; for of Christ, the with is the unto wordthem power God of God

I for difference. the looked when And..."to believeth. that salvation laboringwherefore, our everyone with might by

I of definition "grace,"it defined foundtheir our 1:16.) not might blood upon (Rom. come

garments; otherwise their blood would as a "state of being pleasing to God I pray humbly we may all understand

come upon our garments, and we would because of responsiveness."and so teach with the power and aunot be found spotless at the last day."But I do not think that is what the thority of God, in the name of the Lord

(Jacob 1:1819.) Lord meant by "grace"when he said, Jesus Christ. Amen.

frequently sing expresses a thought along his exhortation by challenging Israel as evilspeaking, and the destruction of the this line: follows: home and all that pertains thereto.

". this Contrast.. choose day you ye whom the right! there is peace in"Choose

... will serve; the as for choose but me and my theseright—happythings withpeople,thosehappywho doing; righteous

Choose the right! there's safety for the house, we will serve the Lord."(Joshua homes, those filled with faith and hope

soul; 24:15.) for the future. These families make for

Israel failed give to to repeated themselves heed a heaven on earth. the right in all labors you'reChoose

warnings, fate. her Is there anything and beautiful than you more know She pursuing;

Let God and heaven be your goal."chose We evilare presentlyrather thanfeelinggood.the pressure templea youngto couplebe marriedon theirfor timewayandto eterthe

History is replete with examples of of another great nation whose desire it nity? This means preparation and

blessings and adversity that came to is to rob man of his free agency and to choosing the Lord's way of marriage.

nations and individuals as a result of force all mankind to accept the plan We will probably never be closer to choice. Israel, as a nation, was set free proposed by Lucifer in the beginning. heaven while we live in this life than

from oppressive bondage by the Lord. Look about you and observe those when we are in the temple of the Lord.

Time after time, her enemies were subwho have made the wrong choice. Evil It is the desire of the Lord to lift us

dued, yet she persisted in idolatry. seems to be prevalent everywhere. The up, to be prepared one day to live again

In speaking to Israel, Joshua reviewed influence of the destroyer has lured men with him. It is Satan's desire to reduce

the many blessings he had received at to become thieves, liars, gamblers, us to his level, to live with him in his the hand of the Lord. He concluded adulterers, addicts, and into backbiting, kingdom.

JUNE 1961 401 Our whole life involves the principle 4. The Lord says, "Honour thy father 7. The Lord says, "Thou shalt not

of choice. The Lord commands us to and thy mother."(Exodus 20:12.) steal."(Exodus 20:15.)

live close to him and to keep his comSatan craftily puts into our minds the Satan might say, "Why not steal and mandments, and Satan seems to offer idea of disobeying our parents; your life be dishonest? Give short measure and

a counter proposal. Let us analyze a is your own to choose as you wish. Take short weight. Do not give an honest

few of the things which bring a conflict all your parents will give you. They day's work for an honest day's pay."

between the forces of good and evil: will soon be old, and someone else can 8. The Lord says, "Thou shalt not

1. The Lord says, "Thou shalt love take care of them. bear false witness."(Exodus 20:16.)

the Lord thy God with all thy might, 5. The Lord says, "Sustain and upSatan would say, "Dig a pit for your

mind and strength."(See Mark 12:30.) hold the Lord's anointed."neighbors; lie about them; cause them

Satan, in substance, suggests, "Why Satan would say, "Find fault with and personal injury; subject them to emlove God? Why not disregard him?"weaken the position of the general and barrassment."

Or he might even indicate there is no local authorities of the Church."9. The Lord says, "Pay one tenth of

god at all but himself. 6. The Lord says, "In the sweat of thy your interest annually as tithing. For

2. The Lord says, "Love thy neighface shalt thou eat bread,"(Gen. 3:19.) this, I shall give you a great reward."

bour as thyself."(Mark 12:31.) and he also said, "Cease to be idle."(D&C 119:4.)

your say, Lucifer pay would say, your Satan neighbor might "Hate "Why 88:124.) (D&C the tithing? more treat need money You contempt."withand him

as might Satan say, "Get much as you it. great- 3. needs says, than The the the Church Lord Sabbath "Keep The

It is to for nothing. undignified can is to est your blessing spend holy."own (See 20:8.) Exodusday

Satan would say, "Use the Sabbath work for what you receive."He would money."

day as a recreation day. What value is encourage indolence, laziness, and even 10. The Lord says, "Observe the Word

there in attending Church and in rethe thought that the government owes of Wisdom, my law of health."(D&C

fraining from your labors on this day?"you a living. 89.)

the greatest to the least. (See Jer. to come to the truth, join the kingdom of

31:3134.) God on earth, and have performed for

Now, since we are engaged in the them the ordinances of salvation and greatest missionary undertaking that has exaltation under the hands of those ever been planned as part of Deity's legal administrators whom the Lord has program, he has also placed in our appointed in this day and generation.

:$!liyilik THE hands the most effective, compelling, Shortly before the Church was organspirit ized, April 6, writing 1830, by the

revelation, Smith prophecy and Joseph BOOK OF andgiven persuasiveto any peoplemissionaryin any age.tool Theever of

MORMON name of this tool is the Book of said that the Book of Mormon, which

Mormon. he had translated by the gift and power

It goes without saying that conversion of God, was "... a record of a fallen

in all ages, for all peoples, is dependent people,..."; that it contained "... the

upon their receipt of the Spirit. No one fulness of the gospel of Jesus Christ

Bruce R. McConkie gets a testimony of the divinity of the to the Gentiles and to the Jews...";

of the First Council of the Seventy Lord's work unless he gains it from that it was "... given by inspira-

"... conthe Spirit—that is, unless it comes by tion,..."; that it had been

the power of the Holy Ghost. But the firmed to others by the ministering of

We are laying the foundation for, and Book of Mormon is the means, the tool, angels,..."; that it had been "... dehave already actually commenced, the the way which has been ordained and clared unto the world by them—"all for

greatest missionary undertaking ever given so that men can get their hearts this purpose—and note the purpose: To

destined to occur in any age of the and souls in a frame of mind, in a conprove "... to the world that the holy

earth's history. We are going forth dition where they can hearken to the scriptures are true, and that God does

by command of Deity to carry the testimony of the Spirit. inspire men and call them to his holy

knowledge of God and of his saving It was of this book that the Prophet work in this age and generation, as well truths to all nations, to preach the gossaid: "I told the Brethren [meaning as in generations of old;

pel to every creature, and to give in the Twelve, with whom he had that "Thereby showing that he is the same due course, in this life or in the next, day met] that the Book of Mormon was God yesterday, today, and forever...."

every living soul the opportunity to the most correct of any book on earth, (D&C 20:6-12.)

hear and obey these saving principles. and the keystone of our religion, and a In other words, the Lord has given

The ultimate end of this missionary man would get nearer to God by abidthe Book of Mormon in this day as the work will be to see the knowledge of ing its precepts, than by any other absolute, sure, positive witness of the

God and his saving truths cover the book."(History of the Church, vol. 4, divinity of his work. We go out in the

earth "... as the waters cover the sea."p. 461.) missionary cause, and we bear testimony

(Isa. 11:9.) The ultimate end of this This is precisely what we want people in soberness and in truth, knowing the

missionary work will be reached when to do. We want them to get so near verity of what we say, that the heavens

the day arrives in which it will no to the Lord that they will come down have been opened and that God has longer be necessary for every man to in the depths of humility, repent of spoken again; that angels have minsay to his brother or neighbor, "Know their sins, and accept Christ for what istered to men; that the gifts, powers,

the Lord,"for all shall know him from he is, the Son of God. We want them and graces had anciently have been

402 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Lucifer contends that no harm will faith and the desire of doing the Lord's moral decisions and obedience to the come from indulging in tobacco, liquor, work. He would enslave us and perprinciples of truth. Our most important

tea, coffee, and other harmful abuses to suade us to join his forces. decision and obligation is to live the

the body such as overeating and overWe cannot cover up evil. Our sins gospel of Jesus Christ.

indulgences. He would say, "Go along are known to God. Neither can we This period is characterized by trial,

with the crowd and be a good sport. To serve two masters. The Lord has said, suffering, sacrifice, and disappointment,

acquire these contrary habits will make "He that is not with me is against as well as joy. All these experiences

one popular."me;..."(Matt. 12:30.) It is imperaare dedicated to our progress and growth.

11. The Lord says, "Parents, teach tive that we choose the right. During this life, we are our own judges.

your children to pray and walk uprightly John Oxenham wrote these few lines, We judge ourselves continuously. We

before the Lord."(See D&C 68:28.) entitled "A High Way and A Low": sentence ourselves to happiness through

Satan would say, "Why teach your service or misery through sin.

children to pray? There is no value in "To every man there openeth In conclusion, I should like to repeat

prayer. It is not necessary to discipline A way, and ways, and a way, again:

them."And the high soul climbs the high way,

12. The Lord says, "Seek the genealogy And the low soul gropes the low; "Who's on the Lord's side? Who?

of your ancestors and complete the And in between on the misty flats, Now is the time to show;

temple work for them."The rest drift to and fro; We ask it fearlessly;

Satan would say, "Postpone doing this But to every man there openeth Who's on the Lord's side? Who?"

work or, better still, don't do it at all."A high way and a low,

In many other things the Lord has And every man dccideth May our decisions lift us to celestial counseled us to prepare ourselves to live The way his soul shall go."glory and eternal life, I humbly pray,

with him. In each instance, Satan's and leave my test'mony, in the name of

influence would attempt to destroy this Happiness here is dependent upon Jesus Christ. Amen.

restored anew; that the gospel and the crumbles, which, in effect, means that that if anyone will read it "... with

..."intent, of faith real in Christ, are salvation again actuallyplan having on earth Mormonism socalled—which

".. all in glory. theirin will ask is the gospel of the Eternal ancient beauty. God, and and Christ, restored anew

."But this witness which we bear is not this day—stands or falls with the truth Father, in the name of Christ,..

left to stand alone. The Lord sends or the falsity of the Book of Mormon. whether it is true, he shall get a knowlwith us a written record, a means, a Thus our program and our purpose, as edge of its truth and divinity by personal

missionary tool, which can be used by witnesses of the Lord in this day, ought revelation. (See Moroni 10:3-4.) This

any person to gain a knowledge of the to be to devise ways and means and to promise is true. It has been tested by

divinity of the work. The Prophet's create inducements that will persuade thousands and tens of thousands of

expression that "the Book of Mormon is those who are not of us to read the people in the world, and they have rethe keystone of our religion"means preBook of Mormon and to read it accordceived this personal revelation. Further,

cisely what it says. The keystone is the ing to the revealed pattern. by his own voice, the Lord himself

central stone in the top of the arch. If Moroni has left us in the Book of testifies of the truth of the Book of

that stone is removed, then the arch Mormon itself the recorded promise Mormon in these words: "... as your

JUNE 1961 403 Lord and your God liveth it is true. 5 'believe and obey his laws gain the addithe priesthood and keys are here; that

(D&C 17:6.) tional reward of eternal life; and that those who now officer it are legal adNow, our message to the world centers he has ordained and revealed a plan ministrators sent of God to preach the

around three great truths. The first, of salvation which enables men so to gospel and administer in the ordinances

the divine Sonship of Christ; the second, live as to gain peace here and the thereof.

that in this day the knowledge of fulness of salvation hereafter. The Book of Mormon—which has

Christ and his saving truths have been Before joining the Church a person come forth to prove that God inspires restored through the instrumentality of must believe that Joseph Smith was men and calls them to his holy work

Joseph Smith; and the third, that the called of God to open this gospel disin this age and generation—establishes

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday pensation; that he was indeed a prophet the verity of these great truths which

Saints is the kingdom of God on earth, who received keys, powers, authority, comprise the message of the restoration.

the organization through which salvaand revelation from heaven; that he was If the Book of Mormon is true, our

tion, hope, and peace are offered to the revealer of the gospel and the message to the world is truth; the truth

all men. knowledge of God, of Christ, and of of this message is established in and

Before any person is prepared to join salvation for this age; and that he was through this book.

the Church, he must believe that Jesus commanded by Deity to set up his The Book of Mormon is a new, living,

Christ is literally the Son of God; that Church and kingdom again on earth. modern witness of the divine Sonship

as such he worked out the infinite and Before baptism a person must believe of Christ. It testifies of him and of the

eternal atonement whereby all men are that this Church is true; that it is in doctrines of his gospel. It teaches of

raised in immortality, and those who fact the Lord's earthly kingdom; that his atoning sacrifice; it proclaims that

When I began this service, if a missionSixty years or more ago, a young man ary performed a baptism a year in a walking down a street, I believe, in

THE foreigncessful. missionThe harvesthe was isconsideredtremendouslysucMemphis,sionaries speakingTennessee,in hearda streetsomemeeting.misis It very, interesting very very unfriendly to that been had up He

it, REDEEMING greaterto contemplatenow. time, and one wonders why, something impelled but him

POWER and I cannot quite figure it out except it stop and listen. He listened throughoutto

fit to After pour that meeting. the meeting he

elders OF GOD'S beout thathis theSpiritLorduponhasa seengreater walked number asked to and up to the

SPIRIT of people than formerly was the case. I baptized. He got a testimony from beit,

cannot believe that anybody has a not, I think, from what the elders said,

Antoine R. Ivins stronger testimony of the gospel than my but because some way or another he

of the First Council of the Seventy grandfather and my father had. I canwas ready for the Spirit of God, and God

not believe that anybody is more did bear that testimony to him. He

susceptible, as a missionary for the asked for baptism. In due course he

My brethren and sisters, I am happy Church, to the inspiration and the Spirit was baptized, and when he became a again to have the privilege of bearing of God than the missionaries who went member of the Church he was an outmy testimony to you in the general out in the very early days of the Church. cast from his family. So he looked

conference of the Church. I realize I But we see the fact that many people, around, and one day he appeared in

will be able to say nothing that will more people perhaps than ever before, Colonia Juarez, a new member, inexpehelp you or me unless you give me your are coming into the Church. It means rienced in Church operations and all

faith and prayers that I may enjoy the to us, or it means to me, an additional that, and of course he got into the right

Spirit of the Lord. responsibility when that happens. kind of an environment because the

Much has been said during the conNot very long ago, a few large trees people in Colonia Juarez were friendly ference thus far of the missionary rethat stood on the corner of South Temple people; they were interested people, and

sponsibility under which we as members and State Street were picked up and they gave him every aid possible.

of the Church rest. I stand before you, transplanted. In the transplanting of But only this week I had the privilege

as many of you know, as the grandson them it was necessary to give them of reading two letters that told of the of a member of the Twelve who went to auxiliary support with guy wires from interest they had in that man, one was introduce the gospel to Europe, starting several sides to hold them until they a letter from his bishop and the other in Denmark. I am the son of one of could become established in their new was a letter from his stake president,

eight men who carried the work to the environment. In a sense, every new conand in both we discovered that there was

Mexican people, traveling on horseback, vert to the Church is a transplanted not only interest in the man's spiritual carrying their beds on pack horses. being in that he needs the support of wellbeing, but in his physical well-

I have lived practically all of my life, the established members of the Church. being, also, and both his bishop and his

all my life in fact, in an atmosphere of If that support is given, he becomes a stake president stood ready to assist to

Church service, and I trust that to the fullfledged, faithful member of the any possible extent in that. Well, do

end of my days, I may be able to acquit Church. If that support is not given, he you want to know the result? All right.

myself in some reasonable way of the may do, as far as his faith is concerned, He married for time and eternity one responsibility under which I labor. as a transplanted tree that is not properly of the finest young women we had in the

We are getting reports from many nourished. colony. He had three sons and three

sections and many missions of the great I would like to tell you a story, if you daughters. One of those sons was a

influx of new members into the Church. will let me, to illustrate what I mean. missionary in the area that is now the

404 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA through him men are redeemed from and power of God. And since the Book Jesus Christ is the Son of God. No

the spiritual and temporal death hrought of Mormon came by revelation, which person can read this book and learn of into the world by the fall of Adam. It included the ministering of angels, then its divinity "... by the power of the

outlines the course men must follow to obviously Joseph Smith also received Holy Ghost..."(Moroni 10:5), withgain eternal life. other revelations and was ministered to out knowing that Joseph Smith is a

The Book of Mormon stands as a witby other heavenly beings. Among those Prophet of God and that this Church,

ness of the divine Sonship of Christ; it revelations was the command to organas now constituted, organized, and set

has come forth for "... the convincing ize the Church. The Church is thus up is God's kingdom on earth.

of the Jew and Gentile that Jesus is the the one true Church because it was set As one voice among thousands of

Christ, the Eternal God, manifesting up by a prophet acting under command others, I certify that I know by the."(Preface of God. Thus the truth of the message promptings of the Spirit that the Bookhimself unto all nations—..

to the Book of Mormon.) of the restoration is established in and of Mormon is true. As a consequence I

This book also is a witness of the through and by means of the Book of have in addition a personal knowledge, divine mission of the Prophet Joseph Mormon. also born of the Spirit, of the divinity

Smith and of the divinity of the No person can read this book, accordof Christ, of the divine mission of the

Church set up under his instrumentality. ing to the prescribed pattern, and not Prophet Joseph Smith, and of all things

It establishes and proves to the world know that it is true. No person can incident to this great latterday work

that Joseph Smith is a prophet, for he read this book, in the way Moroni diwhich are essential for the salvation and received the book from a resurrected rected, without getting in his heart the exaltation of men.

personage and translated it by the gift absolute, certain, sure knowledge that In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Central Atlantic States Mission. A sisters. I wish that all of you could President called me to bear my testidaughter became the wife of a missionhave been with Sister Ivins and me last mony to you.

ary who served in France. He went Sunday and heard a talk by a teenage I testify that the gospel is true. I

there before he was married, I believe, young woman setting forth her plan for know it. A man came to me the other

but later was the president of the Central qualifying for celestial marriage. I day and he said, "How do you know

American Mission, faithful and true. think I have never heard a better stateit?"I sa'd, "I have just as great an

And their mother, to this day, while ment from a young person than that assurance that the gospel is true as of not being strong, in health, is a firm, young woman made, and when she anything else I experience."I do not

faithful member of the Church. He talked, I formed a picture of the family know, I never have claimed that I know

died in full fellowship, of course, with from which she likely came; of the everything that could be known about

the love and with the esteem and confihousehold where she had been reared; of the gospel, but I have lived among

dence of the people of that area. Why? the life of her father and mother and the enough people of varying nationalities

Well, he had the qualities in the first example that they had set for her to to know that it is a regenerating force place for inspiration, but he had the stimulate her in this great endeavor. And which tends to exaltation in the kingsupport and the aid of the officers of if she carries through the program that dom of God when it is accepted by

Colonia Juarez. she set forth, the man who happens to baptism and when one makes a reaNow, you will pardon me if I have a marry her will be a wonderfully fortusonable effort to live the teachings of

little extra enthusiasm for Juarez, benate man. God our Heavenly Father.

cause that is where I grew up and got Now, we bring these people into the I hope that I may be able to do it. I

my foundation. But in every mission in Church through birth, but that does not am a little like my wife's grandfather

the Church these new converts come in any sense relieve us of as great or I sat up with him when he was in his into branches. In some places, of course, greater responsibility for them as we nineties and on his deathbed, and he

they come into stakes, as we have here have for these newlybaptized and transsaid, "Antoine, I hope I can endure to in the United States, and what happens? planted members of the Church. So, the end."So I hope that I may enjoy

Whose responsibility is it to nurse after'all, there resides in the body of the Spirit of the Lord, the spirit of servthem? I think it is the responsibility the Church the greatest imaginable reice, for my life is dedicated to the service

of the bishops, stake presidents even and other. to each and the Church to the young of sponsibility—responsibility

the ignore influx the recannot I pray, you, and in the God bless May the lives whom we bring into Church, sponsibility of giving aid and support. responsibility to the more mature people name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Now, I wonder whether we do it, whom we bring in through the ministry brethren. Our campaign throughout of the missionary service, and it is very

the stakes is to impress the local ward unfortunate when either of these is lost and stake authorities with the responsibecause of the neglect of the people who bility of assimilating all these new form the body of the Church of Jesus members who come in by baptism or Christ of Latterday Saints.

who come in on recommend from other Brethren and sisters, if we can just areas of the Church, to stimulate them get out of my testimony a feeling that in their faith and in their endeavor to we do have a responsibility to these live the way they should after acceptpeople and that the fathers and mothers ing the responsibilities of membership have a real responsibility to love each in the Church. other and love their children into corThere is another phase of responsirect and proper living and service in

bility, too, that we have, brethren and the Church, I will be happy that the

JUNE 1961 405

So, when he says it is apparent from... Abraham, thou art one of them;

these and a host of other examples that thou wast chosen before thou wast "PROVE therelife onisournotplanetone chanceis an accident,in billionsI couldthat Thenborn."he(Abrahamsaid: 3:23.)

ME NOW just as well believe that my watch made "And there stood one among them

HEREWITH selvesitself asor tothatbelievethis universethat we mademade itself.ourthatunto wasthoselikewhountowereGod,withandhim:he saidWe

There is a master intelligence back of it. will go down, for there is space there,

Then the question is, if the scientists and we will take of these materials, cannot tell us why this organization, and we will make an earth whereon

LeGrand Richards where do we go to get this information? these may dwell;

to herewith, will prove them "And words of the the we I remind you ofof the Council of the Twelve Then all will things whatsoever see if they said: do Prophet he Amos when

"Surely the Lord God will do nothing, the Lord their God shall command

My brothers and sisters, in occupying but he revealeth his secret unto his them;"(Ibid., 3:2425.)

this position today for a few moments, servants the prophets."(Amos 3:7.) As Brother Car} W. Buehner pointed

I have no greater desire and prayer in So we have to turn to the prophets out, we have a lot of people who will my heart than that I might say someto find the secret of why the Lord do some of the things, but the purpose thing that will help to increase our love created this earth, why we are here, of creating this earth upon which we for the truth and our desire to serve the and all the marvelous things that evimight dwell was that the Lord would

Lord, to be an example to the world dence the fact that he does exist. prove us to see whether we were willing

and to our families, and to all men, I like the statement in the first chapto do all things whatsoever the Lord that we may show forth the gifts and ter of John: hath commanded. And in a revelation

graces of the gospel through the lives we "In the beginning was the Word, and to the Prophet Joseph we are told that live. the Word was with God, and the Word the Lord has given us "commandments

In thinking of what I might say today, was God.... not a few."(D&C 59:4.)

I want to make reference to a statement "All things were made by him; and There are some who would object to

I read in an article in the Reader's without him was not any thing made that. They would rather have one or

Digest about six months ago that gave that was made."(John 1:1, 3.) two commandments, but the Lord never

seven reasons why a scientist believed in Then it goes on to say that the Word gave a commandment unto his children

God. This was by A. Cressy Morrison, "... was the true light, which lighteth without a promised blessing. You just

the Beatitudes, and them. Read every that cometh into the world."read man of president theformer AcadYork New

there is a promised every one with (Ibid., 1:9.) Sciences. take to going notemy of I am

time to read the article, but I want to And then it adds that blessing.

". of tithing. the law one on the Take.. the was flesh, and made Word statements. theseread

"... saith herewith, prove now his us, me (and dwelt we beheld among the first For reason, he said: "By unwavering mathematical law, we can glory, the glory as of the only begotten the Lord of hosts, if I will not open you

prove that our universe was designed of the Father,) full of grace and truth."the windows of heaven, and pour you

and executed by a great engineering (Ibid., 1:14.) out a blessing, that there shall not be

intelligence."And then after he had No wonder we love to testify of the room enough to receive it.

given the seven reasons why he believed divinity of the Son of God when we "And I will rebuke the devourer for there was a God, he made this staterealize that he was the instrument in your sakes, and he shall not destroy the ment: "It is apparent from these and the hands of the Lord in bringing about fruits of your ground; neither shall your

a host of other examples that there is all this marvelous creation, and this vine cast her fruit before the time in not one chance in billions that life on scientist said, "there is not one chance in the field, saith the Lord of hosts.

shall all call you nations is "And life billions our planet that an on then andour planet is an accident,"

..."3:1012.) blessed: (Malachi Pearl in the accident."you know And is "It these words: withhe concluded

scientifically, as well as imaginatively of Great Price, we read where the Lord We usually stop there, but you just true, as the Psalmist said, 'The heavens said to Moses that he had created worlds read the rest of that chapter, the third declare the glory of God; and the firwithout number, chapter of Malachi.

mament sheweth his handwork.'"... but all things are numbered unto They began reasoning among them-

(Psalm 19:1.) me, for they are mine... (Moses 1:35.) selves and showing how some of the

This is the thought I had as I read "And by the word of my power, have I wicked were more blessed financially that article, which I appreciated so created them, which is mine Only Bethan some of the righteous, and what much, as I did a talk that Brother Clark gotten Son "(Ibid., 1:32.) did the Lord do about it? He required

gave to seminary and institute teachers Just think of who it is we serve, and that a book of remembrance should be called, "Man, God's Greatest Miracle."the power that God gave to him. No written before him, and in that book

The scientists and this scientist give wonder when he was upon the earth should be recorded the names of those wonderful reasons why there was an he said to Peter that he could call down who feared the Lord, and then he adds:

saith the mine, they shall be "And to protect him, of angels legions when major intelligence—thatintelligence—a

of hosts, day in that I make when off the Lord his sword and smote drew this universe, but the Peterbrought forth scientists cannot go beyond that. They ear of the guard. No wonder he said, up my jewels;...

cannot tell us why it was brought forth, "No man taketh my life from me. The "Then shall ye return, and discern

and wherever you see an intelligent orFather hath given me power to lay it between the righteous and the wicked, ganization, you know that there was a down and take it up again."(See John between him that serveth God and him

reason for it. This building did not 10:18.) that serveth him not."(Ibid., 3:1718.)

just happen here. You do not go into We have had reference made here I have always said that when I was

the wilderness and find a fortystory today to the council in heaven, and the Presiding Bishop, we did not place office building. Everything in this after the Lord had stood in the midst of the paying of tithing in the youth proworld that shows intelligence back of it the spirits, and many of them the noble gram to obtain an individual award to

had a reason for its coming into existand great ones, he said: get more money. We wanted every boy

ence. "... These I will make my rulers; and girl in Israel to have their names

406 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA recorded in the Lord's book of rememWell, nobody said anything, and so I to get hidden treasures of knowledge?

brance and to be numbered among his asked if I might say a few words, and President McKay talked about that this jewels. I asked if they thought it was "harping"morning.

Speaking of doing all things whatto remind the people of the mind and A short time ago I attended a youth soever the Lord hath commanded, you the will of the Lord. conference in Carthage, Illinois, where

will remember that the Lord said: Let me read you what the Lord has the Prophet and his brother Hyrum

"I, the Lord, am bound when ye do to say about the Word of Wisdom with were martyred, and we had over five what I say; but when ye do not what his promises, because every commandhundred young people there in the

I say, ye have no promise."(D&C ment the Lord gives has a promised auditorium of the college. They had

8210.) blessing if we will just keep the comcome, some of them, a thousand miles,

So all we need to do is to know what mandments. The Word of Wisdom is: and we held a fourhour testimony

the Lord says and then do it, and then "Given for a principle with promise, meeting. We never lost one minute

we have the Lord's promise that he will adapted to the capacity of the weak and between one speaker and the next for make good. the weakest of all saints, who are or those four hours, and those young people

I could tell you many stories about can be called saints. (Ibid., 89:3.) stood there, many of them overcome

tithing to let you know that the Lord I labored, as you know, much in the with the Spirit of the Lord, until they doesn't fail. I have the faith that a mission field. I presided over two miscould hardly bear their testimonies, but

man can keep out of debt longer, get sions. We had many Saints who had their hearts were full, and they wanted

out of debt easier, live more comfortably used tobacco and tea and coffee, and to testify, and I said to myself, "Where on the ninety cents on the dollar, with some of them liquor, all of their lives, could you find anything like this in all the blessing of the Lord, than on the the world other than among our young dollar when he "paddles his own people?"Surely the Lord had blessed

canoe,"if you will let me put it into them with "great treasures of knowledge, those words, because I have watched it, even hidden treasures."

and I know that it works in the lives of THE GRAND CANYON I want to leave another thought with people. BY THELMA IRELAND you before I close. I interviewed a

Sister Richards and I toured the Scanyoung man for his mission some time dinavian missions a year ago last sumOut of the tortuous expression of ago here in the state of Utah. He had

in eighteen an spent months army their ofmer, leading and some men ages this related in and he Germany, camp joined said that the the Churchwho perfection. come Has said: experience. Mormon He "We that thing held the backone was them ravages of time have but enThe to chief see chaplain to the boys went tithing. said, of theypayment "Now,"

its beauty. hanced to get permission hold our could if we to have spend than more"we money

we have ever had in our lives. Now The mingling of past and present meetings in the government chapel, and

we can go to the temple and do other exposed to eternity. the chaplain said, Well, we would like

things that we never thought we could The mingling of mysterious colors to accommodate you, but it is in such do before."and causes. constant use we just can't do it. There is

You remember what President Grant The mingling of mysterious responses a classroom down in the basement. You

for that.'a rehe asked use can Then toused the tell about School Sunday in me

meetings. of the port big tenteacher red apples took who and humility. Of awe first report the was handed "When class,to her she School and Sunday

in, said, 'My, you chaplain must the class that to everything herexplained This much I know at of this base,'boys a lot have Mormon this in got the have world from wewe of beauty The progress thirtyfive. told there were he was and I said, "If toLord, were she then and

give all these apples to any one of you, Is sometimes slow. He said, 'I can't believe it. How do you

you would be glad to give one of them do it? Why, you have more boys atback to me, wouldn't you?"And of tending your meetings than I have

course, they all agreed that they would. attending mine, and I have 5,000 ProtBut President Grant said, "We have estant boys under my supervision. I'll

a lot of Latterday Saints who wouldn't and it was hard for some of them to tell you what we'll do. We'll take the

give one back until they had taken a quit. I remember being in one meeting classroom in the basement, and you can

few big bites out of it."I wonder if with a stalwart man sitting right down have the chapel.'

that isn't what the Lord meant when in front of me, and as I read these The Lord said, "And they shall find he told us the purpose of the creation words, "Adapted to the capacity of the wisdom and great treasures of knowlof this earth was to see if we would do weak and the weakest of all saints, edge."Is there any treasure of knowlall things, not a few things. who are or can be called saints,"I edge in this world to be sought after,

You bishops, when you have your said: "If there are any Latterday Saints more desirable than to know that God

tithing settlement, don't your hearts rein this mission weaker than that we will lives, that Jesus is the Christ, to know joice when the widow and the orphan not ask them to keep the Word of that his kingdom has been established and the old man and the young man Wisdom."At the close of the meeting, again in the earth, to know that God

come in and settle their tithing, and that big fellow came up and said, "Presihas promised a reward for every comthey say, "Bishop, it's a full tithing."dent Richards, I am not that weak."mandment that he has given, to know

God bless them for it. I wish we all I said, "I didn't think you were. I just that he has created this earth that we

had that courage, because the Lord is wanted to let you know what the Lord might prove unto him that we would bound, he said, when we do what he had to say about this principle."do all things, not just a few of them,

says. I have to close in a minute, but 1 all things whatsoever the Lord our

I was in a Sunday School class some want to read you one more promise: God hath commanded?

time ago, and the matter of the Word "And shall find wisdom and great God help us as a people to do that of Wisdom came up, and one sister, the treasures of knowledge, even hidden that we may be a light unto the world, wife of one of our prominent brethren, treasures;"(Ibid., 89:19.) I pray, and leave you my blessing, in

said, "I wish the brethren would quit Is there any Latterday Saint in this the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

harping on the Word of Wisdom."world who wouldn't want his children Amen.

JUNE 1961 407 Saturday Morning Session, great convulsions of nature that took As they continued to gaze heavenApril 8, 1961 place at the time of Christ's death. For ward, they saw a radiant, beautiful

example, I would like to quote from a Man, dressed in a white robe, descendLamanite, an Indian prince named ing out of the heavens to the earth.

THE Ixtlilxochitl,Mexico and wrotewho hislivedbooknearin the1600cityA.D.:of StretchingHe came downforth andhis stoodhand, inhetheirsaid:midst.

Christ, the eclipsed, "Behold,.. the sun I am Jesus and the moon whom

testified shall into the rocks prophets earth trembled, come GREATEST and". the and the

EVENT IN broke, and many other things and signs world.... and I have drunk out of that

at bitter given the Father hath which cup This happened...

glorified Father the Christ our Lord me, and ANCIENT tookthe sameplace, time have... when

AMERICA suffered, and they say it happened durtaking upon me the sins of the world."in

ing the first days of the year."(Works of (Ibid., 11:1011.)

Milton R. Hunter Ixtlilxochitl, cited in Milton R. Hunter The people fell upon their knees and

of the First Council of the Seventy and Thomas Stuart Ferguson, Ancient worshipped the Savior. He commanded

America and the Book of Mormon. them to arise and come forward and

p. 190.) for each of them to thrust his hand

My dear brethren and sisters, I desire Ixtlilxochitl could not have received into the spear wound in his side and today to speak briefly upon what I his information from Catholic Fathers, feel the prints of the nails in his hands consider to be the greatest event that because they did not know anything and feet, "... that ye may know that

ever occured in ancient America about the great convulsions of nature at I am the God of Israel, and the God of namely, the visitation to the Nephites the time of Christ's crucifixion. Neither the whole earth, and have been slain

of Jesus Christ after his resurrection and could he have received it from the Book for the sins of the world."(Ibid., 11:14.)

the great work that he did among them. of Mormon, since this book had not yet After they had all complied with this

Five years before the birth of Christ, been published. He claimed to have request, again the Nephites dropped on

Samuel the Lamanite stood upon the received his information from a Lamantheir knees and worshipped him, shoutwalls of the city of Zarahemla and itish source, records handed down from ing: "Hosanna! Blessed be the name of

predicted the signs of the birth and of his ancestors. I think Ixtlilxochitl's the Most High God!"(Ibid., 11:17.)

the death of Jesus. He asserted that, testimony, coming as it did from the Jesus selected twelve men and orat his birth, there should be a day and American Indians, is a marvelous evidained them to the priesthood. He

a night and a day of continuous light dence of the divinity and truthfulness commanded them that after his deas if it were one day, and a new star of the Book of Mormon. parture they should organize his Church.

should appear. Since Jesus Christ is the The Nephites readjusted their measDay after day, for some time, Jesus

light and the life of the world, no more urement of time at the time of the appeared to the Nephites. He taught

appropriate sign or symbol of his birth signs of Christ's birth. According to them the same gospel that he had taught

into mortality could have been given. the Book of Mormon, Christ lived to the Jews in Palestine before his

Neither could a more appropriate sign thirtythree years and four days, being crucifixion. Also, he performed many

of his death have been given than three crucified on the fourth day of the first wonderful miracles among the people days of darkness, the light and the life month of their year. Remember, in ancient America. He healed the

going out of the world. Ixtlilxochitl gave this significant statesick, raised the dead, gave sight to the

We read in the Book of Mormon, ment, "... they say it happened during blind, made the lame to walk, and the

"And it came to pass in the thirty and the first days of the year."To me it is deaf to hear. Finally Jesus ascended

fourth year, in the first month, on the remarkable how accurate the Lamanite into heaven promising the people that fourth day of the month, there arose a record was and how aptly it sustains he would return again.

great storm, such an one as never had the Book of Mormon. So tremendous was the effect of the

been known in all the land. The Nephite historian continued his visitation of the Resurrected Lord to the

"And there was also a great and account of the terrible destruction that Nephites that for two hundred years terrible tempest; and there was terrible took place, of cities and people during they lived in perfect righteousness, no

thunder, insomuch that it did shake the three hours of storm, and the dissin being among them. Finally aposthe whole earth as if it was about to tressing condition during the three days tasy crept in, which resulted in a terrible

divide asunder.... of darkness. war between the Nephites and the

"And behold, the rocks were rent in Finally, the sun arose. The earth was Lamanites. Eventually the Nephite

twain; they were broken up upon the again filled with bright, radiant light. nation was exterminated. Yet this did

face of the whole earth,... The Nephites in the city of Bountiful not exterminate the knowledge that

"And it came to pass that there* was assembled in front of the temple to Christ had visited ancient America and thick darkness upon all the face of the discuss the great events which had octhat he had given the ancestors of the land,... curred during the past few days, espeAmerican Indians the gospel. For

"And there was not any light seen, cially the signs of Christ's crucifixion. fifteen hundred years, down to the time

neither fire, nor glimmer, neither the As they conversed one with another, of the Spanish conquest, the Lamanites, sun, nor the moon, nor the stars, for they heard a voice coming as it were or the American Indians, retained that so great were the mists of darkness which out of heaven. They did not underknowledge. When the Catholic Fathers

were upon the face of the land...."stand what the voice said. It was not first came to the New World, they found

(3 Nephi 8:5 ff.) a shrill, loud voice, yet it pierced them among the various Indian tribes the traThese tremendous convulsions of nato the very heart. They gazed upward dition and practices of many of the

ture not only impressed the Nephites into the heavens. They heard the gospel teachings. The religious beliefs

greatly so that they recorded them in voice the second time and the third and practices, as well as their traditions, their history, but the memory of them time, and then they recognized it to be were so near like Christianity that many also stayed in the minds of the the voice of God the Eternal Father of the Catholic Fathers claimed that the

Lamanites, or the American Indians, for introducing his Son, saying: Indians had Christianity before the

fifteen hundred years. Shortly after the "Behold my Beloved Son, in whom I coming of the Europeans.

discovery of America, the Catholic misam well pleased, in whom I have gloriFrom Alaska in the north to the south sionaries and explorers learned that the fied my name—hear ye him."(3 Nephi end of South America, paramount among

American Indians had a tradition of the 11:7.) all the traditions held by the Indians

408 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA was that of a "Fair God."In the distant "At the same time they carried their Indians. He gave them their religion,

past that God helped create the world dead to him and he brought them back portions of which lasted for 1,500 years, and had played a prominent part in orto life, and the sick got well, and for down to the time of the Spanish conganizing man. He had loved the people this he was greatly venerated and with quest. I shall quote from Laurette

so much that he had come down to reason, for if it were true that he was Sejourne.

earth and dwelt among the ancestors a Son of God, who only can give life "His [QuetzalcoatPs] essential role as of the American Indians. He had given to the dead, and health to the sick, since founder of ancient American culture

them their government, their writing, it is impossible for an ordinary man, nor was never questioned by any of the and their culture. Above all he had the demons, but only the same God historians of the sixteenth and sevengiven them their religious beliefs and [whom the Christians worship], who is teenth centuries, who always state that,

practices, being their great high priest. the Lord of life and death. just as our era began with Christ, so

In these Indian traditions the various "The people... said he resurrected that of the Aztecs and their predecessors

aboriginal tribes gave different names and cured them."(Ibid., pp. 151152.) began—approximately at the same time

to this white and bearded God; for In speaking of the death of Itzamna,—with Quetzalcoatl.

example, in Mexico Valley he was called Father Lizana wrote: "Who, then was this primordial fig-

"Quetzalcoatl."In Yucatan he was "Thus passed Itzamna, this reputed ure, and why was his memory so

later that of ardently Christian worshipped? our as "Itzamna"and know, he was Sonknown As we God God—perhaps

resocial reign... thecalled "Kukulcan."during his another prominent theTtzas and under bemost The name, and

name by which he was known in Peru lieved that his soul went to dwell with ligious views that dominated Mesowas "Viracocha."Also, he was called his Heavenly Father."(Ibid., pp. 148America for over 1,500 years were crys-

"Tonapa."149.) talized. We must think of him first as

Regardless of the name by which the Ixtlilxochitl, the Lamanite Mexican an organizer without equal.

white and bearded God was known, all prince, wrote about the coming of "But whence did this statesman derive of the Indian traditions were similar. Quetzalcoatl or Jesus Christ to the valley the power which enabled him to

This fact indicates that they came from of Mexico. He put the date, interestingamalgamate and transfigure the cultural

a common source. All of the principal ly enough, at about the time the Savior elements he had inherited... into so

events of Christ's life—namely, his lived in Palestine. Ixtlilxochitl wrote: dynamically homogeneous a system? He

virgin birth, the marvelous missionary "And when they"[the Toltecs, we must evidently have been possessed of work that he did, the numerous miracles would call them the Nephites], "were in some quite exceptional interior strength, that he performed, his death, his internthe height of their power, there arrived and all that is known about him corment for three days, his resurrection, his in this land a man whom they called robates this view."(Laurette Sejourne,ascension into heaven, his final promise Quetzalcoatl... on account of his great Burning Water—Thought and Religion

that he would come again—were found virtues, considering him as just, saintly in Ancient Mexico, pp. 2526.)

among the American Indians by the [holy], and good; teaching them by Certainly the only person who has

Catholic Fathers when they first visited deeds and words the path of virtue, and ever lived in this world who could have various parts of the New World. forbidding them their vices and sins, crystalized the social and religious views

Father Bernardo de Lizana, "one of giving laws and good doctrine. And in which dominated ancient America for

the most devout Catholic priests of his order to refrain them from their pleasures over fifteen hundred years prior to the time,"did missionary work among the and dishonesties, he instituted (estabSpanish conquest, that primordial figure

ItzaMaya Indians of Yucatan during lished) fasting for them, and [he was] who lived and did his unique work in the the first century of the Spanish Conquest. the first who worshipped and placed the New World about the time that Christ

In his History of Yucatan and Spiritual cross...."(Ixtlilxochitl, op. cit., p. 203.) established the Christian era in the

Conquest, written in 1633, Lizana mainDr. Herbert Joseph Spinden, one of Old World, that religious genius who is

tained that "Chief of the beneficient the world's greatest scholars on the supreme over all other religious teachers gods [of the ItzaMayas] was Itzamna."American Indians, stated that Quetzalknown, could have been none other than

(Bernardo de Lizana, cited in T. A. Wilcoatl is, Jesus the Christ, the resurrected Savior

lard, Kukulcan the Bearded Conqueror "... the greatest figure in the ancient who did such a phenomenal work among

p. 127.) history of the New World, with a code the Nephites. Thus the resurrected

Itzamna was a God, according to the of ethics and love for the sciences and Savior and Quetzalcoatl and the other

Maya sacred books, who was held in the arts."(H. J. Spinden, New Light on "Fair Gods"of ancient America are

the highest veneration, being regarded Quetzalcoatl, Congreso Internacional de identical.

as a universal deity. Father Lizana inAmericanistas, Paris, 1947.) As all Latterday Saints know, the

forms us that the Indians claimed that Hubert Howe Bancroft wrote: story of Christ's work in ancient Amerthis person was the Son of the Most "... Quetzalcoatl was a white, ica is beautifully told in the Book of

High God. Itzamna had come to earth bearded man, venerable, just and holy, Mormon, and so that record proclaims

and had lived among the ancestors of who taught by precept and example the the greatest event that ever occurred the ItzaMayas. He, according to Lizana, paths of virtue.... His teachings, acanciently on the Western Hemisphere.

had taught the ancient inhabitants of cording to traditions, had much in com- I bear testimony that through the

Yucatan to read and write. He had mon with those of Christ in the Old power of the Holy Ghost I know that

given them their government and was World."(Hubert Howe Bancroft, The Jesus is the Christ, the Savior of the

the founder of their religion. To quote Native Races, vol. 5, p. 201.) world, your Savior, and my Savior, and

the words of the Catholic Padre Lizana: Recently Laurette Sejourne, a famous as he claimed, the God of the entire

"Itzamna was called Kabul, the SkillMexican archaeologist, wrote an excelworld. I know that he died for your

sins. sins that I witness he beliefs religious of lent and the book on my ful performed he which with Hand,

of brought death and the bands broke plays the Quetzalcoatl Mexico. his ancient sickmiracles, placing curing the by

I testify resurrection. universal role writer in a leading about that book. The

king, a priest, a them. onhands was He dishis restored in this gospel that at states that the he time approximately

a legislator, a ruler of benevolent charthat Jesus Christ founded the Christian pensation, and if you and I will keep acter, like Christ.... religion and culture in Palestine, which his commandments, someday we shall

"The people consulted him [Itzamna] has continued to the present time, a manreturn into his presence and receive a about things that happened in some God—a superreligious genius named blessed exaltation.remote parts and he told them of present Quetzalcoatl—lived in ancient America May God bless us to this end, I humbly

and future things. and established the culture of the pray, in Jesus'name. Amen.

JUNE 1961 409 From a distance, I observed the temfuneral, held a few days before, he did ple. Its walls were up; windows and not attend because of illness. For a few

roof were lacking. I wanted to make a moments I missed his words, I was too

PORTRAIT closer inspection, but I was startled engrossed in the process of appraising his admiring in and OF THE suddenlysong and inby sucha burstvolumeof sound—voicesas I have never was a He commanding personality.figure—tall PROPHET heard coming from any meetinghouse. and wellproportioned.

I thought, the walls of the buildstrong. He looked guide said he My JOSEPH ingSurely,just at the vibration. won't stand In weighed the time. 212 pounds

SMITH my excitement I completely forgot the His shoulders were broad.

William J. Critchlow, Jr. temple.to see. ItThatcouldmeetinghousenot be farI justaway,hada longHisoval.head, one might call, a very obAssistant to the Council of the Twelve block or so, I guessed, as I hurried in His brow was high, white, and smooth.

the direction of the sound. The distance His cheeks were full, free from hair,

lengthened into two, three, possibly four a bit pale, I thought, but clear.

blocks, and then around a corner I came His blue eyes were his most remarkTo many of my stake conference assignto a grove of trees, and there in a clearable feature, not very large nor very ments I am airborne. Such transportaing I beheld a vast multitude of people. deeply set, but at times almost veiled

tion I call air flights. 1 stood amazed and out of breath. Now by the longest, thickest, light lashes you

Yesterday, while this conference was it was I, not the walls that vibrated. ever saw belonging to a man.

in recess, I employed a flight of imaginaThere were no walls. There never His nose was prominent—straight and

tion to take me hack through years of were any walls. The great canopy of thin.

time and miles of space to attend, in heaven was the roof; the floor, like the His lips were thin, too.

fancy, a session of a general conference foundation, was the damp terra firma His wavy, fine, long, lightbrown hair of the Church held in Nauvoo, on April it had rained the afternoon before. The was parted faintly on the left and was

7, 1844, exactly 117 years ago yesterday. place had good ventilation—the air was combed back on top in a high roll which

The proceedings of that conference made fresh, clean, and warm. The bright made it full in back, and it protruded in

noteworthy history. This conference is sun was an excellent heating unit. full waves above, behind, and in front

history in the making. My guide advised me that this was of his ears, almost obscuring them.

I made this fanciful flight to see the the largest assembly of people in the His hands were small.*

Prophet Joseph Smith whose life and brief history of Nauvoo. Twenty thouHe spoke powerfully. He spoke like

personality excite my deepest veneration. sand, sitting and standing, faced an a Prophet. He looked like a Prophet.

I wanted, too, to see the temple and to elevated stand upon which the leaders He was a Prophet.

locate the store which my greatgrand- were seated. From my position in the He said—and these are mere excerpts

mother helped her first husband estabfringes of the crowd, I could neither from his sermon:

lish in that city. My traveling see nor hear well. Sidney Rigdon was "God himself was once as we are now,

companions were books which revealed the morning speaker. He reviewed the and is an exalted man, and sits enthe life of the Prophet. They made history of the Church. throned in yonder heavens!... If

excellent guides as well as delightful At noon the conference recessed until the veil were rent today, and the great companions. 2 pm. When some of those down front God who holds this world in its orbit,

I knew in 1844 that horses, even left for lunch, I quickly moved into a and who upholds all worlds and all oxen and wagons, were de luxe means place where I could see and hear the things by His power, was to make himof transportation, but I chose for my afternoon speakers. self visible,—I say, if you were to see

vehicle of transportation on this imagiMy guide identified the first speaker him today, you would see him like a nary flight a large overstuffed armchair. of the afternoon as the Patriarch. "You man in form—like yourselves in all the

It was comfortable and roomy enough must be mistaken,"I thought. "The person, image, and very form as a man;

to allow me to curl up in it, so I took patriarch is the Prophet's father and is for Adam was created in the very fash- a refreshing thirty winks or more a much older man."My face must have ion, image and likeness of God, and reen route. turned red when I was informed that the ceived instruction from, and walked,

My fanciful flight deposited me, purProphet's father was dead and that talked and conversed with Him, as one posefully, in the business district of Hyrum the Prophet's brother was the man talks and communes with anNauvoo shortly before 10:00 am. Busisucceeding Patriarch and the speaker. other....

ness places were closed: April 7 was For nearly an hour he pleaded with the "... it is the first principle of the

Sunday. My guides could not find the congregation to bring "... provisions, Gospel to know for a certainty the

store I sought. I paused to read an money, boards, planks, and anything character of God, and to know that we

editorial in the Times and Seasons paper that is good; we don't want any more may converse with Him as one man

which I found posted in the area. It old guns or watches"he said. "I give converses with another, and that He was

reported in part: "... commercial busi- a privilege to anyone to pay a cent a once a man like us; yea, that God himness has been somewhat dull;... week... I want it by next fall to buy self, the Father of us all, dwelt on an

preparations are being made by the nails and glass. earth, the same as Jesus Christ Himself

farmers in the vicinity for the culti- "... I want to get the roof on this did....

vation of land;... season... the windows in,... so that "... Here, then, is eternal life—to

"And a word we would say to the we may dedicate the House of the Lord know the only wise and true God; and

Saints abroad, which is, that the temple by this time next year, if nothing more you have got to learn how to be gods is being built in compliance with a than one room."(Joseph Smith, History yourselves, and to be kings and priests

special commandment of God not to a of the Church, Vol. 6, p. 298.) to God, the same as all gods have done

few individuals, but to all. Therefore At about 3 pm the Prophet came before you, namely, by going from one

we sincerely hope you will contribute upon the stand. I recognized him imsmall degree to another, and from a

of your means as liberally as your cirmediately. A great hush came over the small capacity to a great one; from grace

cumstances will allow...,"etc. multitude when he arose to speak. He to grace, from exaltation to exaltation,

(Joseph Smith, History of the Church, began by saying he would preach a until you attain to the resurrection of

410 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"... What did Jesus do? Why, I do An individual must be born of water some future textbook, for the use of

the things I saw my Father do when and the Spirit in order to get into the generations yet unborn, will contain a worlds came rolling into existence. My kingdom of God.... question something like this: What

Father worked out His kingdom with "Hear it, all ye ends of the earth historical American of the nineteenth fear and trembling, and I must do the all ye priests, all ye sinners, and all century has exerted the most powerful same; and when I get my kingdom, I men. Repent! repent! Obey the gospel. influence upon the destinies of his counshall present it to my Father, so that He Turn to God.... trymen? And it is by no means immay obtain kingdom upon kingdom, "I have intended my remarks for all, possible that the answer to that interand it will exalt Him in glory. He both rich and poor, bond and free, great rogatory may be thus written: Joseph

will then take a higher exaltation, and and small. I have no enmity against Smith, the Mormon Prophet. And the

I will take his place, and thereby become any man. I love you all; but I hate reply, absurd as it doubtless seems to

exalted myself,... some of your deeds.... most men now living, may be an obvious

"When you climb up a ladder, you "... You don't know me; you never commonplace to their descendants...

must begin at the bottom, and ascend knew my heart. No man knows my The man who established a religion in

step by step, until you arrive at the history. I cannot tell it: I shall never this age of free debate, who was and

top; and so it is with the principles of undertake it.... is today accepted by hundreds of thou-

".the begin must with the called by the trump I am.. When gospel—you

first, all and go on until learn you the of the archangel in and weighed the High,—suchsands as a directa rareemissaryhumanfrombeingthe isMostnot

principles of exaltation. But it will be balance, you will all know me then.... to be disposed of by pelting his memory

a great while after you have passed God bless you all. Amen."(History of with unsavory epithets."

through the veil before you will have the Church 6:302317; also Teachings of "This Joe Smith,"another contemporlearned them. It is not all to be comthe Prophet Joseph Smith, compiled by ary writer on the New York Sun said,

prehended in this world.... Joseph Fielding Smith, pp. 342362.) "must be set down as an extraordinary

"... learned say character, men a for prophethero Prophet as Carlyle spoke that God The 3 l/2 hours.created the heavens and... the earth call him. said it guides longest, of the the might He is one was the out My

of nothing.... most powerful, and the most eloquent greatest men of the age and in the future

"And they infer, from the word create, address he ever gave, and he gave it will rank with those who in one way that it must have been made out of without notes before the largest crowd or another, have stamped their impresnothing. Now, the word create... ever assembled in Nauvoo. They also sion strongly on society."(Stories about

does not mean to create out of nothing; said that he depended upon the Holy Joseph Smith the Prophet by Edwin F.

it means to organize; the same as a man Ghost rather than upon notes to guide Parry, pp. 1314.)

would organize materials and build a him. "I do not have time to prepare The poet, John Greenleaf Whittier

ship. Hence we infer that God had my sermons,"he said. wrote

materials to organize the world out of My visit to Nauvoo, April 7, 1844, "Once in the world's history we were chaos-—chaotic matter, which is elewas as I said, fanciful. The conference to. have a Yankee prophet, and we have

ment.... Element had an existence and the Prophet's sermon were factual. had him in Joe Smith. For good or evil,

from the time He had... they may be Factual too was the visit one month he has left his track on the great pathorganized and reorganized, but not later of one Joseph Quincy son of the way of life; or, to use the words of

destroyed. They had no beginning, and president of Harvard and himself later Home, 'knocked out for himself a wincan have no end.... mayor of Boston who in his appraisal of dow in the wall of the nineteenth

"... The intelligence of spirits had the Prophet wrote: century, whence his rude, bold, goodno beginning, neither will it have an "It is by no means improbable that humored face will peer out upon the

end.... There never was a time when

there were not spirits; for they are coequal [coeternal] with our Father in

heaven....

"The greatest responsibility in this world that God has laid upon us is to seek after our dead....

"The contention in heaven was Jesus said there would be certain souls that would not be saved; and the devil

said he would save them all, and laid his plans before the grand council, who gave their vote in favor of Jesus Christ.

So the devil rose up in rebellion against

God, and was cast down, with all who put up their heads for him....

"I have a father, brothers, children, and friends who have gone to a world of spirits. They are only absent for a

moment. They are in the spirit, and

we shall soon meet again. The time

will soon arrive when the trumpet shall sound. When we depart, we shall hail

our mothers, fathers, friends, and all whom we love, who have fallen asleep in Jesus....

"... The baptism of water, without

the baptism of fire and the Holy Ghost attending it, is of no use; they are

necessarily and inseparably connected.

JUNE 1961 411 generations to come.'"(Howitts Journal "Here is a man who was born in the York to Ohio, from Ohio to Missouri,

as quoted in Millennial Star, October 1, stark hills of Vermont; who was reared and from Missouri to Illinois; and who,

1848, p. 303.) in the backwoods of New York; who at the unripe age of thirtyeight, was

His associates in the Church said: never looked inside a college or high shot to death by a mob with painted

"Joseph Smith, the Prophet and Seer school; who lived in six states, no one faces.

of the Lord, has done more, save Jesus of which would own him during his "Yet this man became mayor of the only, for the salvation of men in this lifetime; who spent months in the vile biggest town in Illinois and the state's

world, than any other man that ever prisons of the period; who, even when most prominent citizen, the commander

lived in it.... He lived great, and he he had his freedom, was hounded like of the largest body of trained soldiers

died great... and... has sealed his a fugitive; who was covered once with in the nation outside the Federal army,

mission and his works with his own a coat of tar and feathers, and left for the founder of cities and of a university, blood;..."(D&C 135:3.) dead; who, with his following, was and aspired to become President of the

My guide bore this fervent testimony: driven by irate neighbors from New United States.

chosen apostles prior to his ascension after the Church was organized, Hcber is similar in all respects to what I have C. Kimball, a member of the Twelve,

read. Said he: "Go ye into all the was set apart by the First Presidency of

"AND NONE world,creature.and preach the gospel to every thebe establishedChurch to presidein England.over a Sixmissionothers,to

SHALL STAY shall"Hebe thatsaved;believethbut he thatand believethis baptizednot similarlypanied him.called and set apart, accomshall be damned."(Mark 16:1516.) They were poor, these men, in the

THEM..."Under those solemn injunctions God's things of the world. They had attended

work has gone forward in the earth. no theological seminary in preparation

Alma Sonne Neitherhave beenpersecution,able to ridicule,stop it norfrombigotryproprominentfor their ministry,in the affairsand theyof men.were Thenot

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve gressing. following words from President Heber

When I visited the Canadian Mission C. Kimball illustrate the spirit under

a few months ago, I was told that Elder which they did their work.

My brethren and sisters, there were Orson Hyde opened the mission in 1833. Humbly President Kimball said: "The

power and inspiration in the song which The Church was then three years old, idea of such a mission was almost more we have just sung. I appreciate the good after having been organized by six humthan I could bear up under. I was

singing by the various choirs who have ble men. In the same year Joseph almost ready to sink under the burden

appeared during this conference. I am Smith the Prophet and Sidney Rigdon which was placed upon me. However,

especially grateful for the singing of the strengthened the mission by their perall these considerations did not deter choir this morning, coming as it did sonal ministry. Their first meeting was me from the path of duty. The mofrom the Logan Institute and from the held in a store building in the province ment I understood the will of my HeavUtah State University. I am very happy of Ontario. The location was pointed enly Father I felt a determination to go

that the program of this great Church out to us as we visited the place. It is a at all hazards, believing that he would

provides for the development of choirs historical landmark. support me by his almighty power,

and choral groups. The result of that effort was fourteen and endow me with every qualification

For a few minutes I would like to say baptisms. Three years later in 1836 that I needed, and although my family

something about our missionary effort Apostle Parley P. Pratt went to Toronto. was dear to me, and I should have to

in the world. This is a missionary He had with him a letter of introduction leave them almost destitute, I felt that

Church, and when one becomes a memto John Taylor from a man named the cause of truth, the gospel of Jesus ber of it, he is also a missionary. As Moses Nickerson. Taylor was a minister Christ, outweighed every other conan introduction I want to read from the in the Methodist Church. Such letters sideraion."(See Heber C. Kimball's

first section of the Doctrine and Coveare now called referrals and are very efJournal, Vol. 7, pp. 1011.)

nants, which is also a preface, or an fective in reaching the people. John There, my brethren and sisters, is an

introduction, to the revelations which Taylor and a group of businessmen were example of magnificent faith. President

follow. holding weekly meetings to study and Kimball was a strong man, full of faith

Said the Lord: "For verily the voice search for the truth, using the Bible and testimony. He was not easily disof the Lord is unto all men, and there as a guide. mayed. Many of you people who are

is none to escape; and there is no eye Parley P. Pratt explained the gospel now listening to me have visited the

that shall not see, neither ear that shall to those men, and all but one was concity of Preston in Lancashire, England.

not hear, neither heart that shall not verted and baptized. In the same year Some of you have seen the River Ribble,

be penetrated. John E. Page and Orson Hyde returned which flows through the city. It was in

"And the voice of warning shall be and converted and baptized six hundred. that river that nine baptisms were perunto all people, by the mouths of my Thus the work was begun in the great formed, the first in Europe in this disdisciples, whom I have chosen in these country of Canada. pensation. The baptismal ceremony was

last days. I need not tell you what has happened witnessed by a crowd of between seven

"And they shall go forth and none since those early days. Similar results and nine thousand people. Great

shall stay them, for I the Lord have were obtained in Great Britain, in Britain was being proselyted by great commanded them."(D&C 1:2, 4-5.) Scandinavia, in the United States, and and good men who were humble and

The Savior's great commission to his elsewhere. In the year 1837, seven years Godfearing, but very effective.

412 TIIE IMPROVEMENT ERA "He wrote a book which has baffled the fear of want through sickness, old John; Moses, Elias, Elijah; and one

the literary critics for a hundred years age unemployment, and poverty. Moroni who led him to some hidden

and which is today more widely read "In thirty nations are men and women golden plates, the characters on which than any other volume save the Bible. who look upon him as a greater leader he translated and thus produced the

I I also of Book of the threshold prophet age than Mormon. than Moses and a greater an organizingOn believe—yes,

that Isaiah. know, the by the Father nearly perfect he was visitedhe established..."(Joseph American most Smith An

social mechanism in the modern world, Prophet by John Henry Evans, foreand by the Son and was instructed by and developed a religious philosophy word.) the Son. This testimony I bear humbly

that challenges anything of the kind in To these may I add my testimony; in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

history, for completeness and cohesion. I believe—I know Joseph Smith was a

And he set up the machinery for an Prophet of God; that he was visited by *For description details see:

L.economic system that would take the heavenly messengers. Among them JosephAndrus,SmithChaptersthe Man1 & and2. the Seer—Hyrum

brood of fears out of the heart of man were John the Baptist, Peter, James, and Life of Joseph Smith—George Q. Cannon, p. 321.

In 1840 eight members of the Quorum W. Nibley, and many others. From ported by two or more witnesses is worth

of the Twelve were in England laying Scotland came the McKay family, whose a thousand arguments."I know that is

the foundation of the work to be done faith and devotion have touched the true. Converts are a source of strength to

in that prolific field. Among them were hearts of thousands in Zion and on the Church. On June 6, 1840 the first

Brigham Young, Hcber C. Kimball, Wilforeign shores. The missionary system company of English converts left their

ford Woodruff, and others. Their of the Church has not failed, nor will native country for Nauvoo, Illinois.

success was phenomenal. Nothing like it fail. There is no commercial or proOther companies followed in rapid sucit had occurred since Peter, the apostle fessional aspect connected with it. It is cession. They arrived in Nauvoo at a

of the Lord Jesus Christ, delivered his a plan of proselyting adopted by the crucial moment when the forces of evil marvelous sermon on the day of PenteSavior when he sent his disciples out were asserting themselves with persistent cost. Congregations of religious worinto the world to teach the nations. and relentless fury. God is blessing

shipers joined the Church and accepted Jesus chose humble men to represent the missionary endeavors of 15,000 misthe restored gospel. Many of them imhim before the world. The same caliber sionaries laboring at home and abroad.

migrated to America, to return as misof men has been chosen in this dispenHe will continue to do so.

sionaries to their native lands and to sation. Humility is a godly virtue. The God's work will triumph in the earth,

make contact with their former neighmissionary realizes that he is engaged and the warning is going forth to the bors and friends. in God's work. It is not man's work. nations. May the Lord inspire us to

Out of their numbers came great His best qualifications are his worthiness support the missionary program of this leaders like John Taylor, George Q. and a firm and unshakable testimony. great Church, I humbly pray in the

Cannon, Charles W. Penrose, Charles Someone has said, "A testimony supname of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1961 413 but an instrument in the Divine Hand it is feared that apathy toward our it about."blessings is creeping into our society as TO THE to bring

YOUNG bothYes,believersWashingtonin God,andhumbleLincolnservantswere a malignantLet all whomonster."enjoy freedom in America,

MEN OF who prayed constantly and received and everywhere else on earth, remember

AMERICA answersI quotetoagaintheir fromprayers.the editorial in the thatFreedomthe haspriceneverof freedombeen freecomesto anyone.high.

Church News: If there are those who believe and live

"No man who has been an instrument as though freedom were free, we pray

Thorpe B. Isaacson in the hands of God, has any doubt they may wake up, or be awakened, beof the Presiding Bishopric about it. He knows it and feels it unfore it is too late.

erringly. He recognizes the divine Spirit To be specific: in America we have

upon him, he is conscious of its strength been warned that there is a movement

President McKay, President Moyle, and of its direction. attempting to set up new national orPresident Smith, my beloved brethren "Lincoln wrote about this power and ganizations, masterminded by those

and sisters: I am very grateful for the said: 'I have had so many evidences who are the enemies of our form of

prayer offered by Brother Trauffer* at of God's direction, so many instances government.

the beginning of this session: He is a when I have been controlled by some Conferences are being held, meetings

great man in his own right, deeply other power than my own will, that I are scheduled in an attempt to plan for loved by the people in faroff Switzercannot doubt that this power comes youth organizations in America; youth

land and by everyone. from above.'organizations which will be secretly

When one faces this responsibility, I "Washington experienced this same directed by men trained to deceive.

assure you that much fasting and prayer power and controlling force. He adYoung men of America, youth of Amerprecedes this assignment. mitted it. He prayed about it. He ica—the future of our freedom, the

I address my remarks today to the gave thanks for it... future of democracy will soon be in your

young men of America upon whom so "But Washington having had the exhands. With these responsibilities commuch responsibility rests for all that perience of being an instrument of ing to you, we pray that you may never

we are to become in this land of heaven, also gave us warning: 'We be victimized by the propaganda being

freedom. ought to be persuaded that the propitious masterminded by men who would deNot anything of value is without price, smiles of heaven can never be expected stroy you, your country, and all freedomneither honor nor freedom, neither life on a nation that disregards the eternal loving nations everywhere.

nor living, neither health nor wealth, rules of order and right which heaven There will be great emphasis upon nor anything which is counted for the itself has ordained.'American youth and an endeavor made

blessing of man. The greater the worth, "That is for now and for the future. to indoctrinate you with those ideologies

the greater the price. Will God's hand continue to be over that would enslave and destroy you.

I cannot talk of all our great blessAmerica"? Publications will be printed, aimed diings within the limitation of my allotted During the Civil War, it is reported rectly at America's young people. Young

time. Therefore, in considered judgthat President Abraham Lincoln, when men of America, we pray for your

ment, I desire to speak of that great anxious over the battle of Gettysburg, strength to shun these secret organizablessing of freedom which is so often stated: tions. Have nothing to do with them.

talked about, so seldom appraised, and "I went to my room one day and They are designed and organized for less frequently appreciated. locked the door and got down on my the purpose of weakening America from

George Washington knew full well knees before Almighty God and prayed within. Leaders in these plans spearthe price of freedom and felt it was to Him mightily for victory at Gettyshead mob demonstrations by college

his duty and a privilege to pay that burg. I told Him that this war was His students and others against honest inprice. and our cause His cause, but we could vestigations designed to expose their

Abraham Lincoln was well acquainted not stand another Fredericksburg or treachery.

with the price of freedom. In an Chancellorsville. Then and there I Whenever there is frustration or tureditorial in the Church News, February made a solemn vow to Almighty God moil within any segment of our gov18, 1961, it was said of him, and I quote, that if He would stand by our boys ernment or within any freedomloving

"He realized that Washington's success at Gettysburg, I would stand by Him, nation, that is the time these secret lay largely in the divine help which and He did stand by our boys and I organizations come forward in full force, came to him. Lincoln fully believed will stand by Him. And after that, inject their propaganda most successfully

that God guided and prospered Wash- I don't know how it was and I cannot into the hearts and minds of youth in ington in winning freedom for the explain it but soon a sweet comfort particular. J. Edgar Hoover, Director of

United States."With this feeling, he crept into my soul."(Ibid., pp. 339the Federal Bureau of Investigation, has spoke to his friends in Springfield before 340.) warned us, saying,—"during a period

leaving for the nation's capitol, and said: What would our lives be without the of international tension, America cannot

"I now leave, not knowing when or freedoms we enjoy in America and elseafford to relax her internal defense whether I may ever return, with a task where? But who can make reply except even momentarily."

before me greater than that which rested he who has been denied his freedom! Information has already been pubupon Washington. Without the assistHow can free men who have always lished to the effect that an alarming

ance of that Divine Being who ever been free, know anything about the number of scheming diplomatic personattended him [Washington] I cannot hopelessness of life unacquainted with nel have received intelligence assignsucceed. But with that assistance, I freedom? Someone has said: ments in the United States. Young men

cannot fail."(John Wesley Hill, Abra- "Will a free man sell his liberty? Will of America, stand up strongly against

ham Lincoln Man of God, p. 206.) he trifle with the freedom of his loved anything and everything that would tend

Lincoln was convinced that "indeones, his friends, his neighbors?—Will to destroy your faith in, and your love

pendence came to America as a gift of he barter the privileges and opportunifor, God and America. Do not be deGod, and that George Washington was ties of free men for that which enslaves, ceived. Your first impression of these

'Walter E. Trauffer, president of the Swiss Temple, downgrades initiative, destroys incenunsuspected enemies may be favorable.

offered the invocation at this session. tive? No! A thousand times, No! Yet That is their hope and their ambition.

414 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Refuse to listen to them; refuse to atEvery institution of higher learning, only behind a gun to defend your pricetend their meetings which are not open including our high schools, should make less heritage? Be not deceived! We arc

to the public. Secret meetings under sure there are no youth organizations at war right now—not a shooting war,

the direction of these trained experts in or activities within their schools not apbut a contention as real and deadly as propaganda may well be the beginning proved by those in authority, regardless any shooting war ever fought in the of trouble for you and for America unof the attractive name, regardless of their history of man. Think of the uncounted

less you refuse to take part in such caresurroundings, regardless of their first apmillions already enslaved by the enemy fully veiled subversive activities. proach. Each new national youth without the horrors of a shooting war.

During recent years, we have learned organization should be thoroughly inEach one of us should resolve to do that some few young men have left our vestigated and fearlessly exposed when everything he can for his country, which country and deflected to the enemies any subversiveness is in evidence. has done so much for him; assist in

of our way of life. Some have taken Colleges should be encouraged to turn helping the rest of the world realize

valuable and confidential information to out vigorous men. We cannot afford to what freedom is and to keep aglow the

the enemy. Others, victimized by the turn out college men who shrink from fire which can truly light the world.

cunning of these propaganda experts, physical effort or from a little physical You share in the noblest privilege of have awakened too late. The future pain. In any republic, courage is a man, which is to make God's work your

is dark for those who have failed their prime necessity, and moral courage is own. "Men must choose to be governed

country, regardless of their motives or needed.—The courage that dares, as well by God or they condemn themselves to

reasons for deflection or of giving aid as the courage which endures, the courbe ruled by tyrants,"was the way Wilto the enemy. Remember that deflection age that will fight valiantly alike, liam Penn pronounced our death

first takes place in the mind before it is against the foes of the soul and the foes sentence as a nation or expressed our expressed in actions. This is the real of the spirit. hope for survival.

danger. It was never intended that our life on Someone has said there is enough

We have been told that the greatest earth would be one of ease, since this wrong now among our citizens to indieffort will be concentrated among some life is but an interlude between two cate the need of a real moral and of our institutions of learning. Thereeternities. spiritual reawakening if America's greatfore, young men of America, teachers, Is there a need in American schools to ness is to do the efficient job which it is

leaders, be on the alert for these new teach our young men what America capable of doing and which must be national youth organizations. Some of should really mean to them? And what done!

them will, according to the plan, be about the young men of America who Indeed, the ultimate failure or glory, established under a deceitful guise only are not in our schools? Who will alert happiness or misery, of the people of

to entice your membership and attendthem? Because these secret youth orAmerica is dependent upon their active

ance. Friendliness will be extended to ganizations will be aimed directly at support of its freedoms and the homage

you, favors, amusement, all with the America's young people, leaders of state they pay to the God of this land.

hope, the desire to deceive, until you and city governments should investigate Young men of America, God is your may become slightly indoctrinated, and every new youth organization seeking to Father. Jesus Christ is your beloved

then their cunning ways wall become become established within their respecSavior, the Son of God. God lives.

more and more severe until you have tive jurisdictions. Our danger is greatest Jesus Christ is your elder Brother. The

become their puppet. from within. If America is to be deChurch of Jesus Christ is on the earth.

College students and other young stroyed, the enemy knows full well it You need not look very far to find it.

people should be strongly advised will have to be weakened from within. The gospel is here. The truth is here.

against joining any of these unAmerican Young men of America, stand by the Today there is a living prophet, a organizations. In American history, we traditions of your founding fathers. prophet who lives so close to God our

have known of leaders who gave their Make no compromise with the enemies Father that he constantly receives inlives for their country, patriots who of your freedom. Stand for your rights. spiration and revelation. Inspiration

would die rather than betray their great Be true to your government. Be known and revelation has never ceased and

land of liberty and freedom. But those and remembered for your patriotism, will never cease in this Church.

great blessings for which our leaders for your contribution to the freedom Young men of America, I bear testiand patriots have died shall not long with which you would bless your posmony to you that President David O.

continue with us unless we recognize terity as you have been blessed by those McKay is the Prophet of God, repreour responsibility to preserve our heritage who have paid the price and gone before. senting Jesus Christ here in the earth. I

and pay whatever price such preservaYoung men of America! Do you labor bear you this testimony in the name of

tion entails. under the illusion that you can fight Jesus Christ. Amen.

]UNJE 1961 415 soever shall keep the whole law, and The Apostle Paul expressed to the

Saturday Afternoon Session, yet offend in one point, he is guilty of Roman saints this knowledge and hope:

April 8, 1961 all."(James 2:10.) This statement ap- "For as many as are led by the Spirit

pears harsh and uncompromising, but of God, they are the sons of God....

it takes full obedience to the whole "The Spirit itself beareth witness with

JOINT gospellives andplanglory;to obtaintherefore,a fulnessto breakof eternalone God;our spirit, that we are the children of

HEIRSHIP law is to violate the whole law and "And if children, then heirs; heirs of

WITH makesoften wetheareviolatordeceivedguiltyby thinkingof all. thatSo God,be thatandwe jointheirssuffer with withhim, Christ;that we ifmai'so

significant are too divine not laws glorified together."(Romans be also CHRIST some

is deterrent break 1618.) no them to a 8:14, and to

fulness of eternal joy. However, the If we are led by the Spirit of God in

declared: heirship himself with has are promised our lives, weDelbert L. Stapley Lord

is Christ our jointheirship with "But and no man possessor of all things him of the Council of the Twelve except he be purified and cleansed from Lord in the great estate of God's kingall sin. dom and glory. We "suffer with. Christ"

if purfied are cleansed of the ye world sacrifice and the things "And as we

I sisters, brothers as contemplate andMy all sin, shall ask to whatsoever every you ye from obedience yield complete and gospel ofthe plan our Father Heavenly it shall of the of in will Jesus principle, the and ordinance truth, name and asfor his in children revelathe given (Ibid., 50:2829.) contribute done."plan. be gospel we Whatever

Itions, sacrifice that convinced no am is of possessor contributions tithes other Omnipotent God Our in honest and is in for great to too mortalityhere us its heights all universe things: with the participation and unselfish with along

glories riches to attain of the andmake creaof his all the to works build depths fellow to and service and our men life. I alsoeternal that convinced am power, all truth, knowledge, increases tion; earth, the of on kingdom God

service living righteous devoted andby heirquality of goodness, every in joy happiness and wisdom, personal and our this of happiness measure and gooda inherited Christ charity. love, the Lord. Christ and ship with

here experiencedjoy and can be now his Father gifts attributes that scripture from these in and learn modern We life. thisin mortal

if, are teach, scriptures as abided by the Isaac, we Jacob and and Abraham, his Father, our Beloved through God are Christ, then did jointheirs with completely of we and the law God

Christ,Son, admonished: has Jesus "... to with share eligible him potentially that things which other than none

all blessing at will a "For have who creations, of these full they glory joy because and and the they were commanded;

shall the abide law which handsmy blessings. gifts, that which things powers, other and than did none

for blessing, the that and appointedwas entered faithfulness they obedience have Complete and commanded, they were instituted as thereof,conditions were the full in to household fellowship the according exaltation, obtain their into of the before foundation thefrom sit merit and thrones, importantly, of faith and, more upon promises, and 132:5.)world."(D&C in Christ (D8lC jointheirship our Gods."are Lord with angels but are not

is reimportant This admonition jointas all inherited, unto has Father committed that the have 132:37.) They

is in revelationaffirmed another which that of stated fulness God's Christ, Apostle Paul a God him. heirs with The

to allclear of the understanding manheir glory. his Begotten Son power, appointed Only and kingdom,

kind. Lord: Said the it expressed the apostle Father all pleased of things beloved the and John

is irrevocably law, a decreed "There indwell. fulness a his in teaching should and that this Son meaningful

of this before the foundationsin heaven taught, the Beloved struction:

all blessingsworld, are John which upon loveth Father the Son, and hath "Behold, what manner of love the "The predicated us, that all his into things given bestowed hand,"upon Father hath (John blessing obtain any "And we when of called sons the 3:35.) God: be should we

is it to that obedience law God,from by not, heir us Christ the and knoweth the therefore world makes—which it is (Ibid., predicated."whichupon

it of not. of fulness the jointpossessor God's because knew him

130:2021.) of sons glory. the are works, "Beloved, kingdoms, and we now

of These principle pronouncements it for appear yet his what to Father the not Christ doth prayed and God, of the areand admonition Lord fundathat disciples to as shall be: when but even the he know and one we be we

formental requirements each individual like shall him; sharing, of be appear, shall are one. quality Father This he we

life as are firm eternalseeking and and is. life, as offers see he shall of characteristic Savior's for the so him we

of pillars assure the heaven. Every law this if hope that hath us, faithful every to every worthy, and man "And

is of to gospel the ordinance beand as himself, even he purifieth received in blessing has he from him which to of attain fulness a withcomplied 3:1-3.) is pure."his Father. (1 John

glory. to safely us guide keyGod's The discourse doctrinal of important the sons In daughters and As God, we

is celestial in to the found kingdom Follett the to as the perfect are ourpurify required Sermon""King and known instruction:this

to referring those Smith, in selves righteousness; otherwise, Prophet Joseph we

I give a unto you com- "And now jointof heirs "shall eternal enjoy be and nor cannot with be God him who to yourconcerning bewaremandment jointChrist,"described lives in heirs his glory with kingdom. Jesus and To

to diligent selves, to give the heed words as like the power, inheriting heirship possess the same must become we God life. eternal of exaltation, glory, the of preparaFor and the powers same such Godhood. same

live shall every "For by word you stato the individual are until ascends covenants, tion there important an the forth proceedeth that from mouth rises the to throne of for obligations, ordinances tion and and manGodhood (Ibid., 84:4344.) of God."

requireto the receive kind beyond the sharing rewards eternal power, of are points here important Three of the of laying baptism and ment on all faithful preceded the have with who 1. to concerning bewareenumerated:

for of reception the the Holy hands inherits jointheir legally him. and A 2. diligent to give the to heed ourselves;

is to his receive person Every Ghost. gifts in all equal equities shares and 3. life; live to of eternal and bywords in of the the house or her endowments heirs. all interest other Nothing with forth that proceeds from every word

if faithful permit them, which Lord is in adjusted value beexcluded nor of the God. mouth

The Apostle James warned, "For whotween the participating jointheirs. (Continued on page 417)

416 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA UrvrLi Many young members of the Church who are looking forward to mis- I. DO YOU REALLY

sionary service have WANT TO GO

ON A MISSION? heard that they will be

asked certain questions when they are interviewed as prospective II. ARE YOU

missionaries by their PREPARED TO

SERVE AS A bishop, stake president, MISSIONARY?

and one of the General Authorities. Some have

ARE YOU wondered and asked III. TO WORTHY

what these questions are REPRESENT THE

LORD AS HIS that the candidate must MINISTER?

satisfactorily answer if he is to be recommended to the President of the IV. ARE YOU WELL

PHYSICALLY AND Church by interviewers EMOTIONALLY?

as worthy and ready to receive a missionary call.—I ID V. WHAT IS YOUR

While the form of the EDUCATIONAL

BACKGROUND?

inquiries will vary with the interviewer, here is HOW WILL YOU the substance of at least VI.WILL BE SUSTAINED

some of the questions FINANCIALLY?

that will be asked. Any

young Latterday Saint VII. ARE YOU IN FULL HEY HARMONY WITH

could well use them as a THE DOCTRINES

AND LEADERS OF checklist of present prepTHE CHURCH?

arations for a mission.

Do you have a testimony that this is the Lord's work, that it is vital for all men, and that it is your personal responsibility to see that others have a chance to hear the message?

Are you ready and willing to "seek first the kingdom of God?"... to be set apart

for a time from the normal pursuits and ambitions and associations of your life?... to

give your whole heart, mind, strength, and loyalty to this sacred cause?... to commit

yourself all your life to the high standards of responsibility and devotion expected of one who has been a missionary? Do you have the deep desire to serve that will motivate

you to do the demanding work required of a missionary, to meet discouragements and disappointments courageously and maturely?

Have you earnestly studied the gospel and prayed for a personal witness? Have you read

the standard works? Which books have you read that explain the basic principles of

the gospel? How much have you read about the history of the Church? Did you

attend seminary? Institute? Have you been active in your quorums and the auxiliary

organizations?

Do you understand what it means to be you ever been guilty of conduct which you understand to be immoral or improper or questionable? Are you thoroughly converted to the Word of Wisdom? Do you live

it? Have you been honest and honorable in your relationships with others? Have

you been in serious difficulty with the law? Do you understand the principle of repentance? Are you dependable? Do you know how to work? Will you follow counsel,

accept instruction, obey established rules?

Do you have any serious problems with your health? Do you understand and follow

sound basic principles of nutrition, hygiene, sleep, and exercise? Is your weight about

what it should be? Have you ever had a severe nervous or emotional disturbance or

disorder? Do you like people and enjoy being with them?

How much formal schooling have you had? Did you do well in your studies?

you read well? Memorize? Do you read much? Have you had any training or experience in a foreign language?

Do you and your parents know how much a mission will cost? Have you earned and

saved all or part of the money needed to sustain you? Are your parents able to supply all or part of your needs? Will you have other sources of income?

Have you ever had any association with groups or individuals who are apostate or who run counter to the established order of the Church? Do you have any reservations about

the doctrines of the gospel? Are you in harmony with and do you sustain fully the

leaders of the Church?

BY MARION D. HANKS

McCONKlE STEPHEN 2ND WARD BY PRESIDENT AND MRS. BRUCE R. McCONKlE KENWOOD

WILFORD STAKE

Our dear son Stephen,

Todayon your eighth birthdayyou were baptized.

Soon you will receive the priesthood, and in only a few years you will be ready to go on a mission.

As part of your baptismal covenant you agreed to be a missionary, to preach the gospel, to be devoted and true all your life in telling others about the marvelous truths we have.

In our family we talk a good deal about missions. We

read Joseph's missionary letters at the dinner table and talk about his experiences and those of others who are in the mission field.

In our family prayers we always pray for the missionaries and often ask our Father in heaven to guide and help us so that all our sons may go on missions. We know

you pray in your secret prayers for these things too.

When you were born, we started a Mission Savings

Account for you so the money would be available to support you in the mission field. We have been depositing

$4.40 a month to this account ever since. By the time

you are nineteen years of age we will have put in over $1,000 and then, too, this money will have earned considerable interest.

Now, Stephen, we would like you to contribute to this fund. We would like you to put half of your allowance

each week in your savings bank. When you get a few years

older and begin to earn money during the summers and at other times, we would like you to continue this practice and save half of all you earn for your mission. In

this way we are sure there will be well over $2,000 saved to send you on a mission.

Every time you put a dime in your bank or make a deposit to your account, we would like you to say, or at least to think:

"I will prepare myself for a mission and will be ready when the call comes. "

We want you to have a happy, joyous childhood and youth, to be strong spiritually and physically, to go to college, to marry in the temple, and always to keep all the commandments. There is nothing that will doWHAT more to help you gain all these choice blessings than

to prepare for and then to serve on a mission. We are

sure you will join with us in our family program of missionary preparation, and know you will be as clean and pure when the call comes as you are today. about

With love as always,

Mom and DadM0NThe above letter was written by Elder and Mrs. Bruce R. McConkie.

Elder McConkie, a member of the First Council of the Seventy since

October 1946, is the LDS Servicemen's Coordinator for the Church and the newly appointed President of the So. Australian Mission.

NORMA COLLEEN STEEN, 10 DATA BY JOHN G. KINNEAR

31ST WARD PARK STAKE EDITORIAL ASSOCIATE

Dear Mom and Dad:

When Bishop Gregson called me into his office (1) and spoke to me about going on a mission... little did I realize

that it would lead to an interview with our stake president, and later with

President S. Dilworth Young (2)

of the First Council of the Seventy. Remember how thrilled I was when my mission

call came? (3) The letter, signed by President David 0.

McKay himself, said, "You are hereby called to be a missionary of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints to labor in the Norwegian Mission...."I thrilled at

big My brother, Norman wrote this to

the thought of serving in the land from which I had come with my parents thirteen years ago. I'll never forget, Mom, how you fussed to

get my clothes, luggage, andMOM passport ready. And how and excited Dad was as he got out

the atlas (4) and pointed out all the places he could remember in the "old country. "My farewell testimonial

meeting was perfect. (5) I

felt humble as I thanked allDAD those kind friends, ward members, and leaders for their influence in my life.... The welcome I received from President and

Sister Lorin L. Richards at the Mission Home was such

a warm and memorable one. (6) They made us missionaries

feel at home the moment we stepped in the front door....Going through the Mission Home was a marvelous

experience. Much of our spare time was spent in

studying the scriptures (7) as we prepared to go on missions throughout the United States and to the four corners of the earth.... They certainly prepared

us in the home for the Lord's work, and I am grateful for all the things I learned there. The classes (8) on

teaching, speech, doctrine, and missionary conduct were invaluable. Even the talks we received on nutrition,

laundering, (9) and personal health come in useful for missionaries who have to do most of their own housekeeping.... I remember the thrill of going to the

temple for the first time. (10) It was one of the

most beautiful experiences of my life to be able to enter that sacred edifice to receive my endowments. Another

high light of my Mission Home stay was the testimony meeting for all the missionaries held in the Assembly Hall on Temple Square. Those missionaries

who wanted to bear their testimonies had to be there early, and we took turns (11) in order to provide as many as possible with the opportunity....

Being set apart as a missionary by a General Authority is a thrill for any elder embarking on a mission. (12)

Elder Mark E. Petersen, of the

Council of the Twelve Apostles, gave me a wonderful blessing.... Not all

the happenings in the home involved work and study. As comic relief,

President and Sister Richards planned a party (13) at which the elders performed while we munched on popsicles.... Hardest of all were

the "goodbyes"at the airport. (14) I

was glad that Connie could come.

Seeing her and my family all standing there in a little group brought quite a lump to my throat. As the plane soared

over Salt Lake City, I caught a glimpse of the floodlighted spires of the temple. (15) As the plane left

the glittering lights of the city behind, I settled down to contemplate the future. I knew then that I had

already begun to be "about my Father's business."Gud velsigne dig. Til

vi motes igjen (God bless you, till we meet again.)

Love,

NORMAN STEEN

31ST WARD, PARK STAKE, SALT LAKE CITY Attention, little sisters and brothers!

Here's something you can do for the love of it.

Here's something you can do for the fun of it.

Here's something you can do for somebody else, expecting exactly nothing in return.

MISSILES FOR

A LONG LETTER...

Tote a roll of cash register tape with you to various gatherings until it is filled with messages written by friends of the missionary.

THOUGHTS FOR EACH DAY...

Do some thumbing through publications for happy, inspiring thoughts and poetry. Perhaps include clever cartoons.

Record these in a dayby-day type notebook.

Jtifc)W ICAN

GOOD GOODIES...

Stir up some cookies that won't crumHELP ble and candy that will keep (till he gets it!) and package in gaily

decorated gift boxes.

SHAUNA BATEMAN, 12 OAKHILLS 1ST WARD E. SHARON STAKE{

Launch missiles to the missionaries in your life, in your family, in your ward. Appropriate reminders of home let him know that

though he's gone, he's not, by any means, forgotten.

BY ELAINE CANNONMISSIONARIES

POCKET BOOK EDITIONS...

Let imagination take over while you create a digest of local happenings mounted on colored paper squares and bound together with yarn or ribbon.

Scribble descriptive notes along side programs, bits of decor, meeting details.

PHOTO ALBUM...

You and your Christmas camera might not come but time, forth photos each with awardwinning

STRIKE favorite people the missionary's the are models when rVftt.9 33AM cl I b-y—AMERIMHeAW"he'll greatest. the they're think at home,

CLIPPING SERVICE...

Train your eye (and your heart) to follow the news with a twofold purposeonce for you and once for clippings the missionary will enjoy.

PROXY PARTY...

When it's birthday time or congratulations are in order for something else, round up his friends or AAIA class and stage a party in his honor. Could be a sock or hankie shower. Have everyone make

a card, help decorate, and fill the box.

BY FLORENCE S. JACOBSEN

Just before YWMIA GEN. BOARD, MISSION COMMITTEE

bedtime prayers, WIFE OF THEODORE JACOBSEN, FORMER evaluate each day. Make PRESIDENT OF EASTERN STATES MISSION

plans for tomorrow that will move you toward your long range goal. Strive

for a close partnership are with God in making nYouwhat you eat your dreams come—balanced meals

true. develop a.balanced body and mind. Knov, U

what a balanced meal *J is and how to \,-n /oneprepare />y Gear your life now to a Be appreciative—to

missionary God, your parents, your future Learnfriends.now Beto helpfulaccept todirectionsthem.

graciously from those in authority over you. Begin being

kindly leader now, Develop the kind of peramong the young ones sonality you like to around your be around. A friendly home.

smile, a firm handshake, and a happy manner are always appealing.

Cleanliness is next to Godliness.

The Spirit of God will notplace—anddwell in anthatuncleangoes

for your room as well as your body!

Politeness The race is to the one who is in all things is the '\S PREmark of a gentleman poised to take off.

(or a lady) and a misStand erect; look alert

sionary. It has nothing be direct; be wellto do with one's age groomed. Practise

positive attitudes—everything to do

> with one's suceliminate thePARE cess. negative.

MYRON TINGEY. 15 MANAVU WARD

PROVO STAKE GETTING TO KNOW YOU

Here are four who participate and grow

To some teens "missionary work"is a way of living all the time, not just if and when a formal "call"comes. It's being an example; it's taking a friend to Church; it's serving

and perfecting a talent; it's being orderly about self, studies, finances; it's gaining

a testimony and sharing it; it's participating and planning for the future; it's growing through preparation. Just such teens are these:

SUSANNE MARGARET ROYLANCE: holds four posiCHARLES TAYLOR WHITTAKER... of Circleville,

tions in her Anchorage, Alaska, branch... organist Utah, works at perfecting his talent for public

and teacher in Primary, attendance secretary of speaking... is student body officer at high

YWMIA, Sunday School librarian... class officer, school and president of Future Farmers of America

pep club member, officer of Western Alaska Assochapter... president of his teachers'quorum and

ciation of Student Counassistant superintendent in cils, Senior Ball and Girls'YMMIA... plays on ward

League Ball Princess and and school teams...

top scholar at school... manages his time to inholds her Life Guard cerclude studies of the scriptificate and works part tures as well as homework

time at a local swimming assignments... has an

pool. 'A"average at school.

M ->*'jp'"lP

PAULA JEAN BUTLER: DEANN MORRIS... wins

fourteen and friendly... friends and inspires tourholder of a record number ists with her organ reof Beehive honor badges citals during the summer

... ward organist since months at the historic

she was twelve, devoting Brigham City Tabernacle hours to ward choir... composes music and

practices... genealogy fan with an impressive plays the piano, guitar, and uke as well as the

number of group sheets already filled... writes organ... works in her father's grocery store...

for the school paper, heads the science club, gives music lessons to pay her way... school ofand marches with the school pep club... lives ficer, year book editor, honor roll, choir and prom

in Dragerton, Utah. committee... organist for a Corinne (Utah) ward.

I'D CONVERLIKE TO SATION PIECE KNOW

Q: How is a missionary assigned to a speDOMESTICATED... They 're learning to make

cific mission? a bed, cook a meal, fix a faucet. Part of

A: Through the inspiration of the Lord. After youth's campaign of "readiness for the

careful and prayerful consideration of the availfuture."

able information about the missionary, and of... starched and crisp over the circumstances and needs, the First PresiAND EYE FOR EYELET

dency makes the assignment. Long experience parfait cottons and fashioned into tapers and tunics,

has demonstrated that the Spirit attends this pouf skirts, overblouses, underskirts, shortsleeved work. coats and, of course, party frocks.

Q: How long does a missionary serve? THE THING'S THE "THING"... among the

A: For elders, two and a half years where the soda set. It's first cousin to an artist's smock,

missionary must use a foreign language; ttvo near relative of the 1920 flapper's chemise. It's

years in all other missions. For a lady missionhlousey and baggy, colorful and crazy. It's worn

ary, ttvo years in a foreignlanguage mission; over swim suits or with tapers or narrow skirts or

eighteen months in all others. simplyit—wearas onea dress.to fullyYouappreciatehave to seeit. one to believe Q: How many missions are there?

A: Sixtytwo fulltime missions. Also, each

stake has a stake mission. MALE VERSION... of the "THING"is collarless, shorter, straighter, and tailored. But it is

Q: How old does one have to be to go on a no less casual or eyecatching than the girls'

mission? version. A fad, to be sure, but one with its own

A: Male missionaries must be at least nineteen special advantages.

years old. Lady missionaries must be twenty

three, except in some cases involving special skills. ART COLLECTORS, J. G.... youth has its own

taste in art and is busily expressing it in personal

How much does it cost a month to keep a Q:

collections of prints. It's this generation's newmissionary?

est hobby.

A: Costs differ in various parts of the ivorld.

The average cost through all of the missions is FOLKSINGING FUN... looking ahead to

about $75.00 a month. summer nights around the campf ire and back

Q,: Can young married couples go on a misto musical moments beside the hearth,

sion? Can a newly married young man you'll agree that group singing is the

serve a mission? greatest. Spark up your sessions with

A: Present instruction is that young married new old songs. Investigate the excellent

couples are not to be called to missionary service collections of group music now flooding in a fulltime mission. This is true also of newly the market. You'll have fun looking at

married young men. They may serve in stake these books but more fun singing from

missions. them. This is a "must do."

(Continued from page 416) jointheirs with Jesus Christ. This question, Do we comprehend these

and true, to pass by the angels who promise—and the Lord will not fail things? Do we comprehend that if we

stand as sentinels guarding the way to is a challenging encouragement for all abide the laws of the priesthood we eternal glory in the mansions of God. to do his will. It is natural for a father shall become heirs of God and jointThe everlasting covenant of marriage, to share his estate with his children. heirs with Jesus Christ? I realize that

ordained of God for man and woman, Our Heavenly Father is no exception. our eyes have not seen, our ears have

also is to be entered into and the marHe does so with a binding covenant not heard, neither hath it entered into riage contract sealed eternally by the with his faithful sons. Listen to the our hearts to conceive the glory that

authority of the Holy Priesthood of words of this promise: is in store for the faithful."(Discourses

God. Otherwise, the highest degree of "Therefore, all those who receive the of Wilford Woodruff, p. 80.)

the celestial kingdom cannot be attained priesthood, receive this oath and coveIn the vision given to Joseph Smith nor Godhood acquired, which exalted nant of my Father, which he cannot and Sidney Rigdon concerning the decondition assures continuation of the break, neither can it be moved."(Ibid., grees of glory, the Lord specified the

lives forever. 84:40.) qualifications of those who belong to

President Joseph Fielding Smith has The number sharing these great and the Church of the Firstborn and then said, choice blessings will be limited. It is said:

"He who obtains eternal life will unfortunate that so few will worthily "They are they into whose hands the become a son of God, a jointheir with prepare themselves and enter the strait Father has given all thingsJesus Christ, and the Father promises gate and faithfully follow the narrow "They are they who are priests and him the fullness of the blessings of his way to the end to earn the promising kings, who have received of his fulness, kingdom. Eternal life has a deeper reward of eternal life and its jointheir- and of his glory;...

meaning than immortality, and all ship with Christ of all that God the "Wherefore, as it is written, they are those who receive it become like God. Father possesses. gods, even the sons of God

They will inherit the fulness of the It seems strange, but people generally "Wherefore, all things are theirs,

Father's kingdom, all things will be fail to understand these gospel teachwhether life or death, or things present, given to them and they become sons ings and, living as they do in this mortal or things to come, all are theirs and and daughters of God."(Man, His world, are prone to think and act in they are Christ's, and Christ is God's."

Origin and Destiny, pp. 530, 540.) terms of mortal existence, which they (DSC 76:5556, 5859.)

God has said of his sons, "For the only partially understand. As a result, Personally, my brothers and sisters,

power is in them wherein they are they fail to project themselves into that I am humbly grateful for the privilege agents unto themselves."(D&C 58:28.) eternal state of life after the death of and blessing of being a candidate for

Man, as a child of God, partakes of the the mortal body and to envision their jointheirship with Christ, my Lord, divine nature of his Father and has true place in it according to their present in all that the Father has promised.

within him the power to upgrade himmanner of living here in mortality. If My heart is full of love and gratitude

self and by perfecting his own native somehow we could view with clarity for the Savior and for the sacrifice of endowments become like his eternal the impressive picture of the life herehis life on the cross to redeem mankind parent, possessing the same attributes after resulting from obeying every gosfrom the fall and the offer he has given and qualities in their perfection as the pel principle and ordinance while here, all mankind for salvation and exaltation

Father and the Son. perhaps we would plan our lives in moras jointheirs with him in the kingdom

The Father has promised his sons -who tality differently and see to it that all of our God.

receive the Holy Priesthood and faithour daily actions are motivated by truth I pray that God will bless us all, my fully abide by the conditions of its oath and righteousness and good works. Life brothers and sisters, with the courage

and covenant that they are to share in then would have sincere purpose and and the faith to live every standard and all that which the Father hath. The would earn rewarding values for the obey every law and every ordinance of

Father possesses kingdoms, thrones, soul. the gospel to merit jointheirship with

principalities, powers, dominions, and President Wilford Woodruff made Christ our Lord in all things. This I

exaltations. These the faithful will this significant observation: humbly pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

receive of him as heirs of God and "Now I sometimes ask myself the Amen.

JUNE 1961 417 "Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love "But if ye forgive not men their tresthe Lord thy God with all thy heart, passes, neither will your Father forgive

WHAT thyand mind.with all thy soul, and with all yourAgaintrespasses."the Lord{Ibid.,said, 6:12,"Judge1415.)not that

judged. be not is the first and great commandye

"For MAKES A ment."This with

LATTERDAY "And the second is like unto it, Thou shall be judged.what. judgment.."{Ibid.,ye7:1-2.)judge, ye

SAINT? shalt"Onlovethesethy twoneighbourcommandmentsas thyself. hang another?How canWewedo asnotmortalsknow fullyhow muchjudge

all the law and the prophets."(Matt. knowledge another has received, for he

Eldred G. Smith 22:3640.) receives knowledge through the Spirit.

are that These two commandments cannot which another measure inWePatriarch to the Church

It is the Spirit. impossible to fulfil separable. receives the through

first without fulfilling the second. We Elder Matthew Cowley once said:

cannot love our Father in heaven with- "We ought to say in our hearts let

I pray that I will have the guidance of out loving our fellow men and loving God judge between me and thee, but as the Lord while I fulfil this assignment. our neighbor. for me I will forgive."That means to

We have heard considerable in these Latterday Saints should be known by say in our hearts, not just lip service.

sessions things do,conference usually do in the they (as we forforgive to willing be must and the first of which We the is to meetings throughoutall of our two keep these commandments. get. of ability natural a us have Most

acts important quality the principles in love about andChurch) A most forget, is to especially things are the we

Latteras label forgiveness. love truly teachings us neighour whichand If we to supposed remember. of us work Most

requirewill to us willing bor, the note Saints always be and andday we diligently to reincrease to our power Saint. forgive. to Christ to Latterday placed a ready be Jesus Havements

you ever thought to ask yourself, "Are great importance on forgiveness. Teachmember. However, in forgiving, we

you a Latterday Saint because of the ing the multitude, he gave what is should increase or attempt to increase things you do not do or because of the known as the Lord's prayer in which and work diligently to increase our things you do?"What makes a Latterhe said: "... forgive us our debts, as power to forget.

day Saint? we forgive our debtors."Then he added: Peter asked Jesus: "Lord, how oft

Jesus was asked on one occasion, "For if ye forgive men their trespasses, shall my brother sin against me, and I "Master, which is the great commandyour Heavenly Father will also forgive forgive him? till seven times?

ment in the law? you: "Jesus saith unto him, I say not unto

remarks concerning the Father and the which I was working.

YOUNG Soning one'sand derogatoryown personalremarksancestryconcernand theBut,bishopon seekthe otherme out.hand,Nobodyneithersoughtdid

I if they doubt knew I was they because must have done PEOPLE thethey illegitimacygot drunk. Theyof it. didn'tOn justweekendsdrink, methere,out.yet

I worked was quite AWAY they got drunk. If one didn't get drunk the man for whom

FROM withSaturdayhim, nightand theysomethingpointedwasit outwrongto bodyprominent,in theandtownhe thatmust hehavehadtolda youngsomeSalt were squirt from morning. Lake City buildingWhile they

at his expense. orgy HOME himin theMondayprocess they muscle of this weekend

S. Diltcorth Young sought out, of course, the young ladies I have often thought of what would

of the First Council of the Seventy of like bent and then spent the rest of have happened to me during the month the week bragging about their conquests. or two that I was out that first summer

I did not find, nor did I look for, as if some good man had come over and

My heart rejoiced yesterday morning far as that goes, any young man in said, "Look, Dil, next Sunday morning when the President of the Church talked that community who had the same feelwe are having a meeting. Why don't

about the response of youth to the ings as I did. I could not bring myself you come over to it?"I likely would

various programs which we provide for to associate with the situation, and I have gone, but I confess to you that I them. I should like to refer to one of spent my free time on the weekends in didn't quite have the nerve to overcome

these programs, make a practical referreading. I have always been grateful my fears and do it voluntarily.

ence to it, and illustrate its application that my family, who believe that readAdolescent youths are shy—most of

to what Brother Smith just referred to ing is a great gift to cultivate, taught me them. Adolescent youths are frightened

the matter of the second commandment, early to read and kept me encouraged of other people—most of them. To

loving thy neighbor. in its practice. overcome that shyness and fear, and

I remember the first time I ever went I was shy. That may sound peculiar not mistake it for stubbornness, is the

away from home—I mean to work. I to some of you folk who know me, but genius of men who work with boys.

was thrown into the company of a crowd I really was; and I was frightened of Now it is different. We have a difof men and boys my own age. If one people. I was scared of the boys and ferent program, and it is about that

didn't smoke with this particular crowd men with whom I worked, and I was program I wish to speak. You know wc

one was considered to be a sissy. During more frightened to go into crowds where have a system whereby if you notify a

the daytime hours while we worked, I was not known. Consequently I did committee of the twelve composed of

the air was filled with blasphemous not seek out the ward in the town in Brother Spencer W. Kimball and Brother

418 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA thee, Until seven times: but, until ness, who have not sinned unto bring out the best in people and illumiseventy times seven."(Matt. 18:2122.) death.... nate every moment of living. It is one

The Lord also said: "Wherefore, I say unto you, that ye of the happy paradoxes of human be-

"But I say unto you, Love your eneought to forgive one another; for he havior that the readier we are to forgive

mies, bless them that curse you, do good that forgiveth not his brother his tresthe less we are called on to forgive.

to them that hate you, and pray for them passes standeth condemned before the Forgiveness does not undo what has alwhich despitefully use you, and perseLord; for there remaineth in him the ready been done. It enables us to accept

cute you."(Ibid., 5:44.) greater sin. what has been done and go on from

When the adulteress was brought be- "I, the Lord, will forgive whom I will there.

fore Christ to be stoned, according to the forgive, but of you it is required to forIt is only through forgiveness of our law, he said: give all men. mistakes that we gain the freedom to

"He that is without sin among you, let "And ye ought to say in your hearts learn from experience, but forgiving our him first cast a stone at her."let God judge between me and thee, shortcomings does not mean denying

They all then slipped away, leaving and reward thee according to thy deeds."that they exist. On the contrary, it

the woman alone with Jesus. No ac- (D&C 64:7, 9-11.) means facing them honestly, realisticalcusers left, Jesus said, "Neither do I When you have ill feelings toward ly. Forgiving brings a peace of mind, a

condemn tbee: go, and sin no more."anyone, you have an uneasiness in his pleasant assuredness, and freedom.

Thus giving the woman the opportunity presence. You will go out of your way One who hates is his own tormentor.

to repent and be forgiven. (John 8:6-11.) to avoid him. You become to a degree, Unless you forgive, you cannot love.

finally, his in ill. the spirit Then, on agony mentally contentious pre- A life little love, or has Without no meancross, of vails it the showing example supreme within this you. stated John ing. thyself, foras neighbor Love thy

hisforgiveness, cried to out he Father way:

ill let forget, exist feelings give and noin is forgive "Father, heaven: that them; his in he "But hateth brother

for they know not what they do."darkness, and walketh in darkness, and between you and any member of your

(Luke 23:34.) knoweth not whither he goeth, because family or a neighbor or friend or anyCould you be as forgiving? that darkness hath blinded his eyes."one, for we are all God's children—sons

Again in our day the Lord reminds (1 John 2:11.) and daughters of our Father in heaven

us that we are required to forgive one Often we think of forgiveness as a and brothers and sisters in the spirit of another. form of charity. We forget that the our Savior Jesus Christ. That we may

"... verily I say unto you, I, the benefits extend both ways. It is as beneenjoy that sweet spirit of peace which

Lord, forgive sins unto those who conficial to forgive as to be forgiven. This the Lord giveth, I pray, in the name of

fess their sins before me and ask forgiveis not a formula but a spirit which can Jesus Christ. Amen.

Mark E. Petersen, machinery is set in attending regularly. We haven't yet to enter our activities. We'll keep trymotion to see that things I have just given her a position. We shall very ing."That's it—"we'll keep trying."

described don't happen. May I read soon. We shall keep our eye on her Here's one from our own school. "Ann

from some of the reports which have and check with her regularly."This has gone to BYU, and has taught in

come into the office of these two good word was conveyed to the girl's mother. Primary."And the bishop of a ward

brethren on matters concerning children. She sleeps well at night, also. at BYU writes: "As always, a fine and

This is about Mary. The names, of Here is another one about Don, "a rewarding member of our ward,"and

course, are fictitious. "After several atstudent who has been active here in our a fine rewarding feeling comes to father

tempts to make contact with Mary by ward. He is attending his freshman and mother when they hear that all

my counselors, my wife and I visited her year at Freshwater. We hope he will is well.

Friday. Then we brought her to MIA keep his values."And the second counAnother one. "Kenneth Woods."No

writes,last a selor at assigned Freshwater adTuesday. have "I have perand his name We him—just

visit visited to to take Girl to sonally sent at Freshwater, then this report and her andGleaner was Don notedress—andabout

her to stake M Man and Gleaner funcinvited him to our meetings. I will the home ward bishop. "We have tried

tions, and we have assigned the ward make it a point to see that he is visited to reach him but without success. We

teachers to call. We will keep our eye by the campus ward teachers, and is know where he lives; we have talked

on her."invited to the Deseret Club functions. to his roommates; but either he hides

Now if you had a daughter away We shall follow through."And it gives himself when we call or he is too busy

from home, wouldn't you feel relieved one a comfortable feeling inside, as to be rarely home. We have called

if you knew that the bishop and his wife doesn't it? and asked for him over the phone withsaw to it that that girl had a chance Another one. "Henry is the only out success. We have left word for him

to get into the ward? You would sleep member of his family who has joined to call, but he never does. The elders'

at night, wouldn't you? the Church. He was active for a time, president has gone there several times

Here is another one. "Beth is a good but has not done much in the past two and told his roommates his purpose, but

girl and has been active in the ward in years."He went to a certain city for the boy has not yet responded. We do

our town. She has never been away employment. And the second counknow that he has been out of work

from home, nor ever lived in a large selor in that city writes: "I have been several weeks and that he is going to

city. We hope she can be given a trying to reach this young man. Condischool, and that he seems to spend his

welcome in her ward in that city."And tions are not of the best at his boardingweekends skiing. We shall continue

the bishop writes—that is, the bishop of house. We have ward teachers and the to try."

the ward to which she went: "We have senior Aaronic Priesthood committee Once in a while a stake president

called on Beth several times. She is calling at his house to influence him knows a situation, and he reports for

JUNE 1961 419 the bishop. "The bishop reported,"said found her she was very low. The bishop's attend at all. Said he would be at

he, "that she is living with three other personal interview gave her an opporpriesthood meeting next Sunday morngirls, and the environment is not the tunity to clear her feelings, and opened ing, and is anxious to become an elder."

best. Apparently she fell in love with the way for further activity. The bishop A recent convert—a young woman

a young man who was active but does will also do what he can with other left home and crossed three states to not now live our standards. This is girls in this group."attend school. Unable to find any of

also quite a problem for her. She is A boy, secretary to a priests'quorum, our people, she attended the local Comdefinite in her desire to be married in is going to school. Notice of his move munity Church. And then the nearest

the temple. The bishop reports that was sent in with a note that he is a good branch president received a card from

Ann shows a desire to be active in the boy and no one needs to worry about the committee. He had to drive forty

Church, and the YWMIA officers have him. The first reply which came in miles to meet her, and he reported:

been alerted to follow through. Because from the bishop: "Have been unsuccess- "She is in good spirits. She has a

of our interest I am sure the bishop ful in contacting this young man at the testimony. The nearest chapel is nearly

will take a personal interest in Ann and college dorm. Will write him and try forty miles, and she has no transportaher progress, and I am sure,"he writes to make an appointment."A second tion. I have made arrangements for

to Brother Petersen, "that the action on reply came later. "John was happy for her to have transportation. She will be

your part may have been the means of my visit. Said he didn't know which an asset to our branch."Suppose he

preventing a tragedy, because when we ward he should attend, so he didn't had never learned that that girl was

asked of him, "How is it that thou also impair the health and undermine canst weep, seeing thou art holy, and the moral and spiritual qualities of from all eternity to all eternity?"those who are misled.

said to Enoch: Behold As expressed in the second epistle of

are the they "... WALK these"ThethyLordbrethren; workPeter:

IN MY manship of mine own hands, and I "And through covetousness shall they

STATUTES gaveday I untocreatedthemthem;theirandknowledge,in the Gardenin the withyou."feigned(2 Peterwords2:3.)make merchandise of

of Eden, gave I unto man his agency."An example of how certain individuals

(Moses 7:29, 32.) intend to make merchandise out of us,

EIRay L. Christiansen The Lord went on to explain to if they can, is seen in the following

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve Enoch by saying that he and the hosts statement taken from the Brewers of heaven wept because of the rebellion Journal. I quote:

of mankind, nevertheless, Enoch was "Now I am going to talk about how

In the song just concluded, were the assured that the Lord would come again to sell more beer and I mean a lot more.

words, "Why should we seek to earn a in the last days, and that before his It is easy if you go about it in the right great reward, if we now shun the coming he would cause righteousness way. The place to sell more beer and

fight?"and truth to sweep the earth as ale is in the home. Home consumption,

I believe, my brothers and sisters, that with a flood, to gather out his elect that is what I mean. That means sell

is the feeling I have had as I have from the four corners of the earth. the women. Women do 90% of the

thought of what I might say. What I Surely that has been going on ever since shopping. Work with the grocery store

shall say is given in the spirit of enthe Church came into being. and the supermarket. The possibilicouragement and commendation for the "And the Lord showed Enoch all ties stagger the imagination. Why, you

young, for the rest of us, and for all things, even unto the end of the world; do not even have any competition. Promankind. and he saw the day of the righteous, mote beer as a beverage at mealtime.

According to the writings of Moses, the hour of their redemption; and reBeer is a food. Have the grocer give

the history of the world from the beceived a fulness of joy."{Ibid., 7:67.) the woman a little booklet showing

ginning to the end was revealed'to By his supreme knowledge of the typical family meal combinations with

Enoch when Enoch was permitted to nature of man, both individually and beer, delicious, mouthwatering comlook upon the world and see it as it was collectively, the Lord sees the future of binations and how to serve."End of

in the days of Noah, as it was in the men and of nations, but even so the the quotation. "Beer is a food."How

Meridian of Time, and as it would be agency of man is not nullified. Indiridiculous!

in the last days, or the days in which viduals and free nations may choose I hope that we will be aware of we now live. Enoch beheld all of the wickedness and bring upon themselves these scheming ways of some. I hope

inhabitants of the earth. He saw that sorrow and ultimate destruction, or they that we will not be gullible to this or

after the flood had depopulated the may choose righteousness and be preto any other means of enticing us and earth, because of wickedness, it was after served in peace. pressuring us that they might make

a time inhabited again. But then he In the Doctrine and Covenants we are merchandise out of us.

saw that after a time, men were again told that in our day there are many The words of Nephi should put us on forgetting God and were rebelling who are "blinded by the craftiness of guard against such things:

against the truth. He saw the Savior in men who lie in wait to deceive."(D&C "Cursed is he that putteth his trust

the Meridian of Time lifted up on the 123:12.) An example of this is seen in in man, or maketh flesh his arm, or

cross as a sacrifice for mankind and as the relentless efforts that are made to shall hearken unto the precepts of men, the Redeemer of the world. When have as many as possible become adsave their precepts shall be given by

all this, dicted to wept. ofEnoch he saw the use products he And which the power of the Holy Ghost."(2 Nephi;

thatbeheld also wept. Jesus only Enoch degrade not 28:31.) and And weaken but which

420 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA anywhere near, and she was left to card, discovers to what ward and stake children. No greater work could be

herself and on her own? the young person has moved, and notidone to safeguard them. You would be

Now this program is quite simple to fies the bishop of the ward or the presisurprised at the great number who are apply. I shall repeat briefly the rules. dent of the branch that that young immediately brought into activity in the

If a daughter or a son is going away person is there, and asks him to see that wards to which they go.

for a period, either to work or to school, proper integration takes place. After Now, I pray the Lord will bless us

all the parents need do is to notify the that, contacts are made, the youth is in our effort to do this work. My testiward bishop of the fact. It is also inintegrated, and the report is made back mony is that the President of the

cumbent upon the priesthood leaders, the before the file is closed. And if the Church—President McKay—is a prophet.

young women officers, as well as the youth is not integrated, the file is kept I support him as such with all my heart, ward teachers, to be alert, to notify open until he either is reached or reand of course, with that goes the fact the bishop when such a person leaves. turns home. long since attested, that Joseph Smith

Promptly the bishop will send to the It seems to me that we can do no was likewise a prophet, saw the Father committee a card upon which he states better work for those of our young folk and the Son, who commissioned him to the essential facts and gives the new who are away from home, than to take bring forth the work of this last address. It is quite essential that the this simple expedient of picking up a dispensation.

new address be on the card. telephone and calling the bishop, and I ask blessings upon us all in the

The committee then processes the asking him to watch out for our name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

What applies to us individually, apforce. A government of a country never someday), these words:

plies to the nation as a whole. gets ahead of the religion of a country.""Believe in God; believe that he is,

At least two civilizations have previThis very moment finds our beloved and that he created all things, both in ously occupied the land of America. nation tense and wondering. We are heaven and in earth; believe that he has

They became a great people, a truly concerned about the increasing power all wisdom, and all power, both in great people, who, like the people of and the intentions of rulers of other heaven and in earth; believe that man

today, found favor with God, but it is nations, and well we should be condoth not comprehend all the things sad to read that both of these civicerned, because Godless, ruthless men which the Lord can comprehend.

lizations brought destruction upon are determined by their satanic plan to "And again, believe that ye must rethemselvesiniquity—actuallythroughbecausedisobediencethey rebelledand subjectadmittedly,all thetheyworldare tomakingtheir will,amazingand penthumbleof youryourselvessins andbeforeforsakeGod;them,and andask

against God. The Prophet Mormon tells progress. in sincerity of heart that he would forus that the cause of this iniquity and But the Lord has made a promise to give you; and now, if you believe all

their ultimate downfall came because the inhabitants of America which should these things see that ye do them."

as he said: "Satan had great power, unto give us hope and direction. It is re- (Mosiah 4:9-10.)

the stirring up of the people to do all corded in the book of Ether, the second "And moreover, I would desire that manner of iniquity, and to the puffing chapter, wherein the promise is made ye should consider on the blessed and them up with pride, tempting them to that this, being a choice land, no happy state of those that keep the comseek for power, and authority, and riches, nation or combination of nations should mandments of God. For behold, they

and the vain things of the world. take its people into bondage or captivity are blessed in all things, both temporal

"And thus Satan did lead away the "... if they will but serve the God of and spiritual; and if they hold out faithhearts of the people to do all manner the land, who is Jesus Christ."(Ether ful to the end they are received into

of iniquity; therefore they had enjoyed 2:12.) What a simple way to preserve heaven, that thereby they may dwell

peace but a few years. our liberty and our freedom! with God in a state of neverending

"Now, they did not sin ignorantly, for In a revelation in our day, through happiness. O remember, remember,"he

they knew the will of God concerning the Prophet Joseph Smith, the Lord has said, "that these things are true; for

them, for it had been taught unto them, declared: the Lord hath spoken it."(Ibid., 2:41.)

therefore they did wilfully rebel against "I, the Lord God, make you free, > I have no doubt, my brothers and

God."(3 Nephi 6:1516, 18.) So it is therefore ye are free indeed; and the law sisters, that the course of this nation will

with us today. We, too, are welltaught, also maketh you free. be directed by the hand of God if we

but many, too many of us, in the Church "Nevertheless, when the wicked rule believe in him to the degree that we and out of the Church, are led away by the people mourn.... serve him and keep his commandments

crafty men whom the Adversary uses as "And I give unto you a commandment, as a people and as a nation, for he has tools, from the standards and the ideals that ye shall forsake all evil and cleave said, "If ye walk in my statutes and the Lord has set for our happiness and unto all good, that ye shall live by every keep my commandments, and do our security. word which proceedeth forth out of the them,... (Lev. 26:3.)... I will give

Will history repeat itself? Shall we mouth of God."(D&C 98:8-9, 11.) peace in the land,... (Ibid., 26:6) and

in this beloved land again lose our This is indeed a day of testing, not will be your God, and ye shall be my freedom because of disobedience? No only the testing of rockets and missiles, people."(Ibid., 26:12.) This I believe

its of testing also allegiance the our but religion. Presination rises above to and I testify to the reality of God and of of beliefs testing the our in God. these God, wrote Coolidge oncedent Calvin

lines: It is a day of sifting, a day when Jesus Christ and of those who represent

"Our government rests upon religion. each of us must determine where we him here at the head of his Church and

There are only two main theories of stand. To each member of the Church kingdom today, and I sustain them with

government in the world, the one rests and to all people, i say, with King all my heart.

on righteousness and the other upon Benjamin (I hope I shall meet him In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1961 421 Because it is a story without end, the principles and commandments and in book of beginnings is exceedingly imthe things of honor and justice and portant, and I should like to suggest to eternal truth and right that God has these young people here and you out given; living in truth and decency; never

there, wherever you are, to the farthest giving way to sin or to cynicism; keeping

TOWARD A reachesyou seekof counsel.time andDodistance,not try firstto gothatit controlactions, ofourourselves,utterances.our thoughts, our

that plead the alone in life. with you, also, keep a guidance Seek May I

life. of, of prayer, in BALANCED President spoke balance McKay

LIFE the guidance of parents, of those who I am proud of what the seminary syswould lead you well in all decisions. tem of the Church is doing and the in-

I should like to plead with you to stitutes from which these young people have faith. The Lord will not leave have come, and other organizations of

you alone. Have faith in freedom, in the Church that help to balance the

Richard L. Evans the future, in God, in yourselves, in material considerations of life with the

of the Council of the Twelve things to come, and in the wisdom of things of the Spirit.

preparing well. (It has been well said Never become narrowly educated, but

that "Yesterday is a cancelled check; broadly so, feeding all sides of yourThe presence of this choice group of tomorrow is a promissory note; but today selves, reading and becoming acquainted

young people from the LDS Institute at is cash.") Have faith in tomorrow, but with good books, with great minds and

Utah State University in Logan, and the use well today. great men of the past; becoming acremembrance of President McKay's May I suggest that you keep flexiquainted with scripture and reading

meaningful address which devoted itself bility in life, along with a steadfast firmscripture itself. Do not be satisfied to

in part to youth at the opening session ness. Life does change. Many things read books about scripture or books

Thursday—in which he spoke of gratichange. We have to learn to change about books, but go to the prime and

tudeinspiration—suggestand guidancethatandI pursuefaith someand toin distinguishsome things,betweenand wewhathavewetoshouldlearn themuchprimaryof the spiritsources.of ShakespeareYou do notmerelycatch

thoughts along these lines, if I may, on change and what we should not by reading commentaries on Shakespeare.

perhaps eight or ten topics each one of change—for the basic fundamentals are You capture it by reading Shakespeare,

which could well be the subject of a still irrevocably there. We cannot and so it is in large measure with scripsermon. change principles or conduct without ture. Keep balanced in your lives and

I should like to introduce what follows the consequences that come from constarve no side of yourselves.

with some of Longfellow's eloquent duct, no matter what changes there are Now, as to a willingness to work:

lines, as he addressed himself to a group on the face of things. Keep flexibility Nothing ever does itself. Nothing ever

of young people upon returning, after with firmness: watching the spirit as memorizes itself. Nothing ever accomfifty years, for a reunion of his college well as the letter of the law, not plishes itself—without the requisite

class: quibbling, not relying on technicalities; effort. Carlyle said, "Men do less than

pursuing those things which lead to they ought, unless they do all that they "How beautiful is youth! how bright health and happiness, peace and a quiet can."It is not enough just to try;

it gleams conscience; learning to live with the we have to succeed. The Lord expects

With its illusions, aspirations, dreams! light which the Lord has placed within us to see things through.

Book of Beginnings, Story without End, us; and in all things moving as we May I plead with you one other

Each maid a heroine, and each man a need to, to adjust to surface considerathing? That you share the gospel and

friend!"tions, yet standing firmly fixed in the these great gifts that God has given.

"O Galilee! sweet Galilee! Where Jesus top coats are little enough. Our guide

loved so much to be; points out locations, at least some of

Oh Galilee! blue Galilee! Come, sing which are authentic. Here, he says,

I HE UNFORGETTABLE thy songs again to me. sat the multitude while the Master exnever-dying the on "Sermon pounded HOLY LAND the sea us lies he Below the Mount.""And when I read the thrilling lore

Of him who walked upon the sea loved. It is smaller than we expected.

I long, oh, how I long once more We can see the whole of it in one

To follow him in Galilee."glance. It is not unlike a great heart

in shape or function for its fluid has

And at last after many years, that been the life blood of millions of peolonging was fulfilled, and I saw his ple through many ages.

Spencer W. Kimball beloved Galilee. Would you like to This is the sea of miracles. We see it

of the Council of the Twelve make a little hurried trip with us to calm and placid, and again, rough and the land of milk and honey, the land boisterous. Countless fish from it have

our fathers loved? fed countless peoples. It was crossed

When I was a little boy in Primary We stand on the steepened hill rising numerous times by the Savior in little and Sunday School there was one song north from the blue, blue sea of Galilee. boats, in larger ships; and in its cool

we sang almost more than any other. We are hundreds of feet below sea level. waters, tired feet were cooled. Its wild

One verse and chorus go like this: It is winter, and the air is crisp, and our waves were calmed by his single com422 THE IMPROVEMENT EKA

Call it referral, call it sharing the gospel, not worry about them. Eternity is a Now, it will not be long, in reality,

or whatever you will—that which we long time. I have a great respect for in these quickly moving days when

have, which others have helped to give learning, for academic endeavor and the you, my beloved young friends, will be us, we have an earnest obligation to university atmosphere. I have spent taking over from us. I started with

share. Will you young men, wherever many years of my life in one way or ansome lines from Longfellow. I should

you are, point your lives towards misother going to or in being associated like to offer some others at this point sions, and you parents help them so with some great institutions of learning. from the same meaningful poem that

to point? There is an old proverb which I have a great respect for science and he wrote on the fiftieth anniversary of

says, "When you drink of the water, scientists and for the search for truth. But his college class:

don't forget the spring from which it remember this: science after all (even

flows."when it is true and final and factual) "And ye who fill the places we once

Our lives are not our own. So much is simply man's discovering of a few filled

of others has gone into the making of things that God already knows and conAnd follow in the furrows that we tilled, all of us, into teaching, into training, trols in his ordering of the universe. We Young men whose generous hearts are

into all that we have inherited, into all are, after all, a bit like Newton who beating high, that God has given, and especially said of himself that he was like a child We who are old, and are about to die, above all, the gospel. Earnestly we handling a few pebbles on the shore Salute you; hail you; take your hands

have an obligation to share it with while the great, limitless, eternal sea in ours, others. was before him. God has not told us And crown you with our welcome as

Would you look wisely toward your all he knows. We believe in continuous with flowers!"

choices in marriage and remember that revelation. Be patient. Keep humble

there is nothing that a good marriage and balanced in all things. When we sing, "We Thank Thee, O

so much needs as it needs character and Keep courage. Do not feel sorry for God, for a Prophet,"my beloved friends,

common convictions? Respect and yourselves. Whatever you do, do not it is not just for a prophet of the past,

character and common convictions will feel sorry for yourselves. You live in a but with a great gratitude in our hearts

compensate for many other things; great age of great opportunity. I refor the prophet of God that he has

nothing else will compensate for these. member the words of one very sharp given us in this day, for whose leaderLove will not last long without respect and shrewd observer who said, 'Whenship I acknowledge with you my gratiand character and common convictions. ever I hear someone sigh and say that tude to God, and also the literal divinity

Remember this, and make no hasty life is hard, I am tempted to ask 'comof the Lord Jesus Christ and the or shortsighted decisions. pared to what'?"What are the alternaappearance of him and his Father to a

May I suggest that you go all the way tives? No one ever promised us it Prophet of the last dispensation, even

with the gospel, keeping all the comwould be easy. It is a schooling; it is Joseph Smith.

mandments, for they all came from the an opportunity; it is a learning period, I have a great respect for all men

same source. I do not know who in morand a wonderful one. Despite all the and their beliefs, but think it not a

tality, among men, would have the disappointments and difficulties, the strange thing that in a kingdom, the wisdom to choose one commandment, great and ultimate rewards are beyond kingdom of God, there should be speor several, and set aside some others. price. cific requirements and commandments,

This would be presuming to set our Keep faith. "And, if you keep my and a way that God has given for our

wisdom against that which God has commandments,"the Lord God has realizing the highest happiness and given. Go with his way all the way. said to us, "and endure to the end you peace and progress.

May I suggest humility and never the shall have eternal life, which gift is May we follow that way, may we pride of learning. Be patient. There the greatest of all the gifts of God."share it, may we keep faith, I pray, in

may be some seeming discrepancies. Do (D&C 14:7.) Jesus'name. Amen.

mand: "Peace, be still!"He walked on in this area of but a few miles much Bethsaida, the house of fishers, the

its surface; he preached from its shores. of his work was done, much of his place of miracles, the seat of gospel

Not far to our left gathered the thouministry was accomplished. We would teachings, where fishermen became

sands whose hunger was satisfied on the like to walk through the triplet cities apostles?"In these very few miles much

miracled increase of loaves and fishes. so often visited: Bethsaida, Chorazin, of interest happened. "Where is

And we can almost see the disciples and Capernaum. We see no spires nor Bethsaida?"Our guide shakes his head

gathering up twelve baskets of residue towers, nor walls. We ask our guide: again. There is no Bethsaida. "Caperafter 5,000 had fed on five loaves and "Where is Chorazin?"He shakes his naum, then?"we ask, "Where is that

two fishes. We seem to see the four head. There is no Chorazin. We conimportant place, the port where fish

special fishermen with their nets and clude it must have been on those hills were loaded, traded, marketed?"He

boats. Here Peter grappled with a fish above where now are sprouting grain shakes his head again, then smiles as

which had in its mouth a coin for and vegetables and dry weeds. he thinks it through and changes the

taxes. Down there he walked on the "Then where is Bethsaida?"we ask. accent, and "Oh, you mean Caperwater; and when his faith waned, it "Where is that noted city where so NAUM."He shows us the ruins of a

was supplemented by that of the Lord. many sick were healed and the lame large synagogue.

With our Testament open we read of were made to walk; where deaf could If this was of the Messianic period,

the ministry of Christ, for this was the hear and lepers lost their curse? Where it is the sole survivor. A back wall,

scene of much of it. We ask for the is his favorite place he often lodged, great stones tumbled in disarray, some

cities in which he lived and performed the home of Andrew, Peter, and Philip, olive presses are mute reminders of long so many miracles, for we remember that his dearest friends? Where is old ago. But that can't be Capernaum, his

JUNE 1961 423 own city, the great Capernaum, the water stream but in places pushing, Joshua and Israel crossed it; its fords

haughty, wicked, rebellious, Capernaum! hurrying swiftly down its circuitous were fought over; it was a barrier

Now we realize that we should not way. It loops in quarter, half, and three against enemies and a hiding place for

have expected to see these cities, for were quarter turns and travels two hundred fugitives; in it the Syrian captain left

they not doomed 1,900 years ago? Have miles of river in a sixty mile distance, his leprosy; here Elijah crossed dry shod,

we forgotten the prophetic curse of the covered three to ten feet deep and ninety and here Elisha received Elijah's mantle.

Master? In their unrepentant attitudes to one hundred feet wide. It flows Here John preached, and here was the

toward the Savior of the world and his swiftly, some of the way through its Lord baptized to fulfil all righteousness.

exalting message, Christ warned: "Woe whirlpools, cascades, and winding We tread lightly, for this is sacred

unto thee, Chorazin! Woe unto thee, through the jungle growth. And we are ground. We reabsorb the story as we

Bethsaida! for if the mighty works, on its banks not many miles from where read. We fancy we see in the muddy

which were done in you, had been in it spreads gently into the sea, where it water two people and one is immersed.

Tyre and Sidon, they would have realso dies. A holy voice speaks, and we hear impresin long sackclothpented ashes. ago and sive words, famous The "This Jordan! (We is my Beloved Son in Jordan—the

you, I say It shall "But unto be our more open read.) well pleased."Bibles and Across I am and whom

tolerable for Tyre and Sidon at the day beyond, not many miles is Mt. Pisgah. We climb the sharp hills to the west,

of judgment, than for you."We found We fancy we see an old bearded man reluctantly leaving the sacred spots

that Tyre and Sidon still exist on the whose "eye was not dim nor his natural made holy by the presence and works

Mediterranean coast. force abated."He climbs the heights as of the Master. Perhaps these very hills

"And thou, Capernaum, which art commanded: may be the ones in which he sought

exalted unto heaven, shalt be brought "Get thee up into the top of Pisgah,"solitude so often as he climbed the down to hell: for if the mighty works, said the Lord, "and lift up thine eyes mount apart.

which have been done in thee, had been westward, and northward, and southThrough grain fields, over hilly areas, done in Sodom, it would have remained ward, and eastward, and behold it with and through the great valley of Jezreel, until this day. But I say unto you, That thine eyes: for thou shalt not go over with a distance less than from Salt Lake

it shall be more tolerable for the land this Jordan."(Deut. 3:27.) It is a little City to Ogden, we come to Megiddo.

of Sodom in the day of judgment, than land. Moses could see Mt. Hermon to Let us stand on this abrupt eminence,

for thee."(Matt. 11:2124.) the far north, the Mediterranean to the for from here we can see much of

And then we remember that only west, south and east to the deserts and Galilee. This steep hill goes back near

prophets and angels had visited Sodom the country in between. Miles are short the beginning. History grew up here.

to call that people to repentance, but unless one travels on foot or by donkey Many civilizations have come and gone, for these tricities the Creator, the Lord, as did the Savior. From Dan to Beersheba and the debris tells scientists that the

the Christ had come in person and for he can see almost the whole of Palestine ruins of the 20th civilization is the one nearly three years had dwelt among spread out before him like a huge eleon which we tread. This is Megiddo or

the miracles performed andthem in hills valleys and phant hide, wrinkled and the ancient Armageddon—Megiddo,

thetaught had ignored gospel. They and thicker top conflicts and heavier on and Megiddo, the scene of mighty

and rejected him. (We cannot rememthinning at the edges where are the "Battle Mountain,"it could be called.

ber ever reading about any Church Jordan and the Mediterranean. This hill has witnessed the caravans of

cities.) and in thesebranches Sodom for see of traders the hordes we can We fancy many centuries—caravans

"as in smoke up wentGomorrah the Israelites treasures the coming south, from for trade around laden with four smoke of a furnace."If these cities decades earlier released from Egypt's the fertile crescent and the East. This

were more rebellious than Tyre and thralldom. They come with their hill has seen armies of great nations,

Sidon, more corrupt than Sodom, and families and burdens to this river, too training, camping, fighting, bleeding more wicked than Gomorrah, we think deep to ford. Moses has been left beEgyptians, Assyrians, Canaanites, Israelwe understand. hind, but Joshua commands, and the ites, Persians, Greeks, Romans, Saracens,

We bathe our tired feet in the rippling Jordan dries as did the Red Sea before Crusaders, the Turks, and the British.

waters of the shoreline. We look for them. And Israel with their bundles, Soil here was fertilized with human

remains of former cities. A few stones animals, burdens, flocks, and families bodies—soil here was drenched with

lapped by the water are rounded or crossed this winding muddy river to the human blood.

squared. Could they have been a part promised land on which we stand. We We climb the ramp walk on the

of a synagogue, the home of Peter, the turn westward. About three miles are farther side and pick gorgeous scarlet

remains of a stone harbor, the walls of Gilgal ruins, the first camp of Israel on poppies as we climb. Did not the

the centurian's place? the west. And a little farther is Jericho, Savior say something about Solomon in

We move to the Jordan, the deepest the old and the new. The ancient one all his glory not being arrayed like one

ditch in the world, the liquid backbone is in ruins and its tumbling walls, buried of these?

of Palestine. "The river that goes for ages, are now excavated. These Here Solomon stabled his horses and

down"is an appropriate name, for it crumbling walls fell when the ram stored his chariots. Here are the excadescends in many streams from snowhorns of the people of Joshua rent the vated silo pits in which their barley and

covered Mt. Hermon in thousands of air and when the tramping of hordes other feed was stored; here certainly

leaps and falls and gurgles to saunter of feet seemed to shake them. Beyond were some of Solomon's "forty thousand

through the valley of Hula and take a is the precipitous mountain between stalls for horses for his chariots, and kind hospitable rest in the blue of here and Jerusalem where, tradition twelve thousand horsemen."(1 Kings

Galilee. It tears and twists ever more claims, is the Mount of Temptation, 4:26.) Below us is the fertile, watered

swiftly downward in an almost inwhere the divine voice commanded, valley of Esdraelon, where grew the credibly sinuous manner from the sweet "Get thee behind me, Satan."barley and the straw stored in the silos

waters of the fountains and melting We are back on the banks of the for the king's horses and dromedaries.

snow to the bitter dead waters of the Jordan where it is narrower and swifter. His horses were prized ones, costing in

salt sea, 2,500 feet lower. We fancy we see Elijah and Elisha Egypt 150 shekels of silver, and a

This Jordan is not so unlike our own cross the miraculously drained river bed. chariot, four times the amount. They

Jordan in this Salt Lake Valley. SquirmFrom here we see the towers of Jerumust have the best food and lodging.

ing, twisting, burrowing madly, reverssalem on the crest of the high western Below in the checkered valley grew the ing, side to side, turning, writhing like hills. The river still intrigues us. barley, the vegetables, the fruits, the

a serpent, meandering like a lazy tideAbraham, Lot, and Jacob waded it; grapes.

424 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Beneath us is the brook Kishon. To the people, for distances were not great tomb thought to be the sacred one

our left is the Carmel range, and here and people not too numerous. Here and where the lifeless body of the Redeemer

was Elijah in his memorable contest in the plains below he must have lay, and immediately outside of it the with the priests of Baal. Mt. Carmel learned the many lessons of his parables. garden into which he emerged from the

stones made the altar, Mt. Carmel wood Birds of the air, the foxes in their holes, tomb where he said to Mary, "Touch

was the fuel. Mt. Carmel saw the dethe lilies of the valley, the olive press, me not; for I am not yet ascended to my

feat and route of 400 idolatrous priests the plow, the waving grain, the wine father."(John 20:17.)

of Baal and the great triumph of the press, the watchmen towers. It would At the foot of this mount is Gethprophet of the God of Israel. be from one of these sharp hills that semane where his sufferings were beyond

Across the little valley in a clump of his townspeople would have thrown him all mortal comprehension. We climb

isgreen lofty those this miles of Olives few Endor. Just to to its rounded only inhabitant the Mount death—perhaps Disguisedaway. Saul the King sacred ground. stand and prominent enough Here top and which on would ever be

witch of Endor were here. What conto be remembered by history. Perhaps Christ's earthly ministry was completed;

sternation must have enveloped the perin those very caves or tombs was he here the apostles gathered about him, turbed Saul as he was told his army able to escape from their fury to leave saw the overshadowing cloud receive would be captured; he and his sons forever the city of his growing up. him out of their sight, and breathless,

would be killed. The Lord could have We stand upon Mt. Olivet, the milestood in awe and wonder as the angels

walked here many times. It is near long mountain above Jerusalem. It is said, "Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye

Nazareth. a long, rugged way to its top, but the gazing up into heaven? this same Jesus,

A little to the right is Nain. We which is taken up from you into heaven,

fancy we see the large crowd of people shall so come in like manner as ye have with the Master at the head walking seen him go into heaven."(Acts 1:11.)

into the little village. A funeral proTo visit the places where such mocession is en route to the cemetery, and EARTHLY PRAYERS mentous happenings affected the eternithey meet at the city's gate. A few BY MARJORIE LYON HAFEN ties of us all was most interesting and

minutes pass, and the mourners turn intriguing and added color to our around and return to their homes. A Lord, bless not only stalwart Saints, picture, but we did not need to walk

miracle has happened—a dead man is Though they deserve the best. through the Holy Land to know eternal

now a living soul. The widow is overExtend your loving arm to hold truth.

joyed. The restored lad is speaking. The fallen, wrong, depressed. We realized it is not so important to

The Nazarene may have been acUplift from mires of hate and greed know whether Mt. Hermon or Mt. Tabor

quainted with sympathetic with and the transfiguration place to but was those wrong, turned have And who isthis miles a but widow, few for Nain that of a high on the summit know thee. from Let them Away know is to left Across Nazareth. thefrom a great held conference mountain was

the rounded Mt. Tabor. It looks like peaceful of mortal and immortal beings where

a gigantic basketball with its lower Joy in merit earned unspeakable things were said and auseventy percent buried. It is wooded. Forgive the wrong, uphold the weak, thoritative keys were delivered and apWe read our New Testament again. Here Erase all thought of shame. proval was given of the life and works

is reputed to be the Mount of Transfigof his only Begotten Son when the uration. If that be true then up these And, Lord, above all, help us here voice of the Father in the overshadowing

steepening slopes walked the Lord with Humbly to do the same. cloud said: "This is my Beloved Son,

Peter, James, and John. There they in whom I am well pleased."(Matt.

would meet in conference with Moses 17:5.)

and Elias, and three humble fisherNot so important to know upon which men apostles would hear from the overgreat stone the Master leaned in agonizshadowing cloud the voice of the Eternal Lord must have climbed it numerous ing decisionprayers in the Garden of

Father in heaven introducing his Son times. Behind the mount but a few Gethsemane, as to know that he did in

Jesus Christ as his Beloved Son in whom short miles is Bethany where he visited that area conclude to accept voluntarily he was well pleased; and here would his loved friends Mary and Martha and crucifixion for our sakes. Not so needPeter say: "... let us make here three Lazarus whom he brought out of the ful to know on which hill his cross was

tabernacles; one for thee, and one for tomb when four days dead by the single planted nor in what tomb his body lay

Moses, and one for Elias,"and here authoritative command, "Lazarus, come nor in which garden he met Mary, but would unspeakable things be told and forth."that he did hang in voluntary physical

authority be given. Below us is the Kidron Valley, deepand mental agony; that his lifeless,

Beyond Tabor, not very far is Cana, ening sharply down to the Pool of bloodless body did lie in the tomb into the place of the miracle of the wedding Si loam where the fountain water comes the third day as prophesied, and above feast. Jesus and his family might have forth from the mountain on which the all that he did emerge a resurrected

been well acquainted in nearby Cana. city stands. Here the blind man came perfected one—the first fruits of all men

To the left of Tabor and across the to see, when he washed the clay and in resurrection and the author of the valley of Jezreel, in the cup in the spittle from his eyelids in response to gospel which could give eternal life to cluster of hills, is the boyhood home of the command, "Go, wash in the pool obedient man.

the Savior. That is Nazareth toward of Siloam."Not so important to know where he

the top of the long canyon draw, the Above arc the high up, irregular city was born and died and resurrected but city of gnarled olive trees and threshing walls and with'n them the narrow to know for a certainty that the Eternal, floors. There are the old stone houses streets, the cavelike shops, the dark Living Father came to approve his Son

of the ages past. There are the caves passages, the wailing wall. Nearest us in his baptism and later in his ministry,

in which he played, the hills he climbed, are the temple precincts, where the that the Son of God broke the bands the places where he worked. courts and towers were so important in of death and established the exaltation,

And this is Galilee, and in a glance those centuries when history was being the way of life, and that we may grow we can see the haunts of Jesus'growingmade. Beyond is Golgotha, the place like him in knowledge and perfected

up years and his ministry. He likely of the skull, the hill of crucifixion. eternal life. And this I know, and give

knew every hill and vale, every creek There he suffered and bled and died. my solemn witness, in the name of Jesus

and valley. He surely knew many of Not far from the mount is the garden Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1961 425 Sunday Morning Session, lems involving many of the youth of We do not minimize the work of the

April 9, 1961 the land. I confess that I still wonder experts and trained workers. While the

at the propriety of quoting statistics that Church is primarily interested in preare unpleasant on the face of them and vention, the message of the gospel is one in their implications, without time to of restoration and rehabilitation also.

properly consider backgrounds and cirThe first principles of the gospel are cumstances, but I believe that we have faith and repentance, based in the love no time to lose, and that sometime, of God and fellow man.

NECESSITY somewhere, parents and other adults The answer to the problem of AmeriOF mustme givebe anconfrontedexample withof whatthe Ifacts.mean.Let canthe expertyouth, andhowever,the specialist.cannot be Itleftlieswithin

States hearts, a time ago the in Navy hands, in the the willing of moralebuildingUNDERSTANDING institutedThe Uniteda program spirits of the parents other and

YOUTH among its personnel—a wonderful proested adults who can bless theminterand

principles based fundamental on gram their of help them meet problems—this D.Marion Hanks

responsibility patriotmorality and and solid great of majority wonderful young

Councilof the First of the Seventy always ism with has which the Church people to are do want who well, who been concerned and which are in operanot now in trouble and do not want to

I need and earnestly pray for the Spirit tion among us. The results of the Navy be, but who need help if they are to

of the Lord in this important opporprogram are reported to be excellent, but become the constructive, contributing, tunity. With the guidance of that Spirit let me report a few of the sobering statiswholesome human beings they would

I would hope to do three things this tics that motivated the institution of the like to be.

morning: to add my testimony to what program and which still reflect, at least My third theme, then, is to consider

has been said here, to confront and in some measure, existing circumstances. some of the needs of youth.

acknowledge a serious problem, and then During one sixmonth period, it was re- I mention first (and no one will be to offer some suggestions relating to the ported in public print, the Navy brig surprised by it) that young people need wellbeing of youth and their relationpopulation totaled enough men to man the love and approval of their parents ships with their parents and other the entire submarine fleet of the nation. and of others whose lives influence them

adults. The Navy was starting a new courtmarand who are important to them. They

Perhaps many of you did not hear tial every two and a half minutes of need to be accepted as they are and in

President McKay's stirring declaration of every single working day. Enough men light of what they can become, and they

faith and confidence in youth at the were deserting each year to man twelve need to be motivated through love to beginning of this conference. To no guidedmissile cruisers, enough being want to be the very best they are capmessage could I have more sincerely dishonorably discharged to man twenty able of being. They need a feeling of

thrilled and responded. I add my testidestroyers, and enough being hospitalbelonging, of solid attachment to somemony of joy and confidence in them. ized for neuropsychiatric reasons alone thing stable. They need the confidence

I am one who earnestly believes that to man five Forrestaltype carriers. and the respect, the faith and the high

teaching them and seeking to help The American Social Health Associaexpectations of their elders. Let me

them and bearing witness to them is tion estimates an annual venereal quote again the marvelous words of as important as any missionary work diseaseinfected population in the United Goethe: "If you treat an individual as

being done in the world today. States of 200,000 under twenty years of he is, he will remain as he is, but if you

This morning Brother [Mark E.] age. In any one year, fewer than 50,000 treat him as ff he were what he could

Petersen delivered to the nation a movof these arc reported. Most of the rebe and ought to be, he will become what

ing expression of his conviction that mainder are undiscovered, many until he could be and ought to be."

with parents and in the homes of Amerthey make their mark in tragedy in the I have in my possession a copy of a ica lies the basis of much of the problem lives of unsuspecting families or others. letter written from the plains by a pioof our youth. To this I add my testiIt is also noted that there were 207,000 neer mother who had just buried her

mony. I believe that there is no force illegitimate births recorded in this nahusband. Brokenhearted, she took her

so vital in helping to shape the lives of tion last year. children and continued the journey with

the young, for good or ill, as the influThese statistics are startling enough, the great faith that had moved her from ence of parents and home. but they are indicative of another probEurope across an ocean and now moved

I would testify of another truth: In lem which especially alarms some her to cross a continent. She wrote a

my judgment there has never been so knowledgeable observers. Listen to this letter to her husband's parents, notifying

great an opportunity or so urgent a need recently published statement: them of the death of their son. Her

as there is today for this Church, its "As we fail to reverse the rising trend words moved me so much at the first members, families, and homes, to share in juvenile delinquency, we approach a reading that I could not forget them.

great and vital principles, programs, and critical situation. Our national resources She said:

inspiration with the youth of the Church for detention, treatment, or rehabilita- "Dear Father and Mother: Out of

and the nation. I believe we have an tion of the predelinquent or the demy broken heart I have to tell you of

unparalleled opportunity for leadership linquent child are already inadequate, the death on the plains of your dearly and contribution. I would like to witunevenly distributed, and severely beloved son and my best friend."And

ness to you that our muchdiscussed, terstrained. They will be unable to cope then she went on to tell them the story

ribly tempted, often troubled, frequently with further increases in our youth of his passing.

undervalued, but wonderful, solid, prompopulation and with the rise in deIs it not certainly true that the best ising youthful generation has knowledge linquency."friends we have in this world ought to

of its needs and says to us, sometimes in In plain words, this notes the apprebe those of our own household? What

the very words we have said to them, hension in the hearts of many who kind of atmosphere would youth grow (when they have a chance to say it and believe that we cannot possibly produce up in if that feeling were in the homes be listened to), that they know their specialists, experts, guidance counselors, of the Latterday Saints and perhaps needs and would like us to help them psychologists, social workers fast enough through us in the homes of a great many meet them. to meet the increasing need for them. good, faithful, loyal people in this nation

The second theme I should like to Obviously, then, the solution lies elseand the world? How would it be for

note is that there are very tragic probwhere. There has to be another answer. the spiritual prosperity of the young if

426 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA they were assured of a love that endures what sobering picture of what our young bulbs or planning. Why not see if they

and inspires and allows for imperfections people need to learn, in the words of a will not just grow up and decide to be and failings and mistakes and for reRed Chinese intelligence officer describwhat you hope they will be?"

pentance? ing captured American soldiers: Young people need to be taught.

I do not think I will hear anything in "He has weak loyalties to his family, In addition to these fundamentals, this world more sweet and moving, and his community, his country, his religion, youth need discipline, guidance. They

to me as a parent, more satisfying, than and his fellow soldiers. His concept of need to be made accountable for their

some words I heard from the tongue of a right and wrong is hazy. He is basically actions. They deserve to have fair rules

fouryear-old in the middle of the night materialistic and he is an opportunist. established which are understood and

some years ago. There had been a He is ignorant of social values.... There then to have the rules consistently,

childish infraction which was somewhat is little or no understanding, even among fairly, and firmly administered.

serious since it involved the use of a university graduates, of United States'Youth need high ideals and to be butcher knife between two little chilpolitical history and philosophy or of somehow moved to want to have the dren, and since I have normal love for their own freedom's safeguards and how will power and the resoluteness to them and some normal anxieties for their future, I had interfered. There

was a period of instruction, some punishment to emphasize it, a few tears, some explanations, and a time of selfexamination. We were awakened very

early the next morning to hear the two little girls talking. The threeyear-old

was in bed with the fouryear-old, being comforted from some nocturnal fright.

We heard the fouryear-old say to her, "Don't be frightened, Nancy. You will

be all right."And then, "Do you know

something, Nancy? Do you know that

Daddy and Mommy love us even when we are naughty. They're 'dis trying to

teach us."O the Lord help us to have wisdom enough and faith enough always to help them believe it and to make them know that their Father in heaven feels this way, also, that it is to us and to him they must turn in repentance, in faith, and in humility.

With this love and affection and confidence, young people need to be instructed. Someone once said that we

habitually underestimate their intelligence and overestimate their experience.

We expect them to act like miniature adults and yet often we do not teach them.

What is it that we need to teach them? We can be sure of their perthese allegedly operate within their own identify with them and to serve them.

ceptiveness. We can be sure that they decadent system."We talk here of character, of the conwill see and hear and absorb and imiOur young people need to be taught victions and courage and conscience

tate, and therefore it is vital that what many basic things which we cannot aswhich combine to produce and preserve they see and hear and absorb is worthy sume they will acquire outside the home. much that is good about mankind.

of imitation. We need to teach them, We need to teach them there, and then A conference or two ago President

as the Lord has taught us to teach them, to seek to spread our influence and efMcKay made a statement which has been the first principles of the gospel. We fectiveness into the schools, the neighechoed all over the nation, and I susneed to teach them prayer. We need borhood, the community, and the nation. pect beyond its borders, when he said

to help them get a sense of their rela- I love some words attributed to Samuel that flabbiness of character and not tionship with their Heavenly Father Taylor Coleridge concerning what we flabbiness of muscle lies at the root of that will make them want to walk upshould teach our children. It is said many of the problems of American

rightly before him, that will help them that a man widely known for his proyouth.

to seek objectives and goals that go beductive acres, sculptured gardens, and Young people need to know that selfyond the material. We should endeavor bright children, announced in the presesteem is a prized possession and that

to teach them to want to educate and ence of Mr. Coleridge that he would not selfesteem comes only when we live a

discipline their minds and to keep their prejudice his children toward religion life consistent with honor and with high bodies clean and healthy. In their but would leave them to decide when principles which we know to be good.

youth they need to be taught that there they grew up. Coleridge is reported to As a boy I had the blessing of a wonare things worth sacrificing for, they have said to him, derful mother who moved me to read

need to 'learn good citizenship, patriot- "Bravo, this is a very progressive idea. and to memorize. One of the most

ism, respect for others, honor and honWhy do you not apply it to your fields fruitful sources of wisdom that I found esty, courage. They need to be taught and orchards and gardens in the future. were the writings of Seneca, a Roman

to love good literature and beauty and Do not prejudice the soil to seed or senator. Then one day I read the life

God's world. weeding or cultivation, the trees to of Seneca. Until then I had thought

There is an enlightening, if somepruning or thinning, the gardens to him to be one of the strongest and finest

JUNE 1961 427 and most admirable men with whom I of youth everywhere. They need to be Well, someone has to be the scouthad become acquainted through literapermitted to express themselves freely, master; someone must be the quorum

ture. But I read in that book how creatively, responsibly, in wholesome adviser; someone needs to lead the

Seneca, lacking the courage of his conaction, under good leadership, in favorchorus and to be the coach. Someone

victions, had stood on the floor of the able circumstances, with worthwhile has to be interested enough if our youth

Roman Senate and justified Nero's companions. I listened to a discussion are going to get what they need to mamurder of his own mother. I fell out of between two wardens in our city at a ture happily. There has to be someone

love with Seneca at that moment. I convention. They agreed that there to lead them. Perhaps it is not inapadmired him no longer. My experience were two things almost invariably true propriate to quote some words already

and witness is that youth generally have about the inmates under their charge: alluded to in this conference,

little admiration and confidence for 1. They had never had a chance to "If not by me, by whom?"

adults who say one thing and do antake part in organized activity under Young people need to be blessed with other, however superior their intellect good leadership. the opportunity to work. They must

may be. 2. They had never learned responsible learn that there is no excellence without

Activity is one of the pressing needs attitudes toward others. labor.

"And are built upon the foundation of As most of you know, Elders Brown, the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ Dyer, and I were given the very pleasant himself being the chief corner stone."assignment and privilege of organizing

(Eph. 2:1920.) four new stakes, three in England and

I am very happy to have this opporone in Holland. What a privilege and

THE tunityassembledthis heremorningand oftobringingthose parentsto you Britishhonor itMission,is to befromcalledwhichto laboreightyin perthe

GREAT whoand lovedare listeningones whereverin, greetingsthey andmaygladbe, centtodayofcanthe tracemembershiptheir ancestry.of this ChurchEvery

MISSIONARY tidings from Elder and Sister Hugh B. President of the Church, except Joseph

SERVICE Brown,those dedicatedElder andmissionSister AlvinpresidentsR. Dyer,and thesion.Prophet, has presided over that mistheir wives, who are doing such a During the 124 years since Brother

wonderful job with the missionaries; Heber C. Kimball was called to preside

Nathan Eldon Tanner that wonderful corps of faithful, enerover the British Mission, thousands and

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve getic missionaries, and all of those fine thousands of British people have been people whom we saw in those delightful brought into the Church. Approximately

countries of Great Britain, France, and 60,000 of these devoted members have

President McKay, President Moyle, the Netherlands. emigrated to make their homes in

brethren and sisters: I am truly thankful We have here attending these conAmerica, thousands of whom crossed

for the opportunity of being here with ference meetings at this time President the plains to be with the Saints, and you and attending this wonderful conSelvoy J. Boyer of the London Temple, many of whom willingly gave their

ference where one feels so keenly the representatives of the five stake presilives in the struggle. Thousands of

Spirit of the Lord and the spirit of dencies and two bishops from each stake. others in the Church are proud to trace

brotherhood and can enjoy this lovely I appreciate more than I can possibly their ancestry to other countries in Eumusic by the choirs which we have with say the signal honor and privilege rope from which many of our leaders us in our conference. afforded Sister Tanner and myself of have come, while thousands of loyal,

I feel very humble this morning and being able to accompany President and faithful members who remained in their earnestly request an interest in your Sister McKay and their fine son and native lands have carried on under many faith and prayers and pray that the daughter and their party to London, trials and tribulations, contributing

Spirit of the Lord will attend me as I England, where we were privileged to much to the building up of the kingstand here before you this beautiful participate in the dedication of the dom of God at home.

Sabbath morning. What a wonderful magnificent Hyde Park chapel with its Brother Sonne gave you a very fine

experience it is to listen to our great loyely organ, which Sir Thomas Bennett review of the missionary work in the

Prophet, David O. McKay—truly a so ably described to you yesterday. land. You will be interested also inprophet of God—and President Moyle, There we listened to that stirring knowing the tremendous growth that

and the other leaders of the Church and testimony and message of the Prophet to has taken place in the Church in those kingdom of God here upon this earth. the world and to that inspiring dedicaareas since President McKay pronounced

I am sure that we all have missed tory prayer. It was a rare experience. a new era and since the dedication of

President Clark and his testimony and We also felt the influence of the interthe temple in 1958, most of which has counsel, and pray for his wellbeing. national Singing Mothers under the able taken place within the last year and a

Where else in all the world, my leadership of Sister Florence J. Madsen, half.

brothers and sisters, are people privileged accompanied by Brother Frank W. AsAlthough I haven't a complete picture,

to listen to apostles and prophets? per, all of whom were so well received I should like to give you some inforWhat a privilege we have of being and throughout the British Isles. mation which I found most interesting.

using our best efforts to help others be, I feel that President McKay would During that short period, the Church "... no more strangers and foreigners, wish me to give you a brief report of population in Great Britain has inbut fellow citizens with the saints, and my assignment and conditions as I found creased from approximately 10,000 to

of the household of God. them among the Saints where we went. approximately 20,000, or nearly double.

428 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Young people need to find faith in not passed out in college, weapons do. Youth, after all, is responsive

God and immortality, in the purposewhich are not to be discovered in any to the values which the adult genfulness of life and the perpetuation of military arsenal. erations in fact—not in theory—exalt.

human personality heyond the grave. Finally, I mention that in all of these Said Plato, "What is honored in

They need to know that families can be things and in every other worthwhile a country will be cultivated there."

eternal. They need to know for themobjective for them, youth need the examAnd, we might add, in a home and famselves the sacredness of service and the ple of adults whom they can honor ily, in a neighborhood, a community,

holiness of prayer. People who really and revere. In listening to young people a church.

know youth and who have had reason all over the land I have heard very few God bless us that we may recognize to assess some of their problems are references to the missile gap. It is not their great value and potential, that we

saying wherever I go that what the this gap that worries youth, but the gap may understand their problems, and that young lack most importantly is faith between precept and performance, bewe may offer to them, out of the sinand courage; faith and courage—intween knowledge and conduct, between cerity of our love for them, what they

gredients with which they may best be ritual and righteousness, between what need. In the name of Jesus Christ.

endowed in the home, tools which are the adults say and what the adults Amen.

The number of missionaries has inelsewhere in the Church, to cope with when she was that age. But she said as

creased from 150 to 500. There was the situation. In spite of the treshe left that meeting, after listening to

only one mission in the British Isles mendous growth that is taking place in them bear their testimonies and expound known as the British Mission. Today these areas, I should like to point out the principles of the gospel, she had

there are four—namely, the British, the the great need for more and more watched those boys grow into mature

Central British, the North British, and missionaries. In the Central British men, able and prepared to take the gospel

the ScottishIrish. There were no stakes Mission there are eighty important message of salvation into the world. It is

then, while today there are four stakes. cities or boroughs, with populations rangthrilling indeed to listen to this great

In order of organization they are, the ing from 25,000 to over 250,000, in which army of missionaries—both elders andManchester, London, Leicester, and we have no missionaries whatever. sisters—hear their testimonies and to see

Leeds stakes. In the British Mission there are 136 their enthusiasm and devotion as they go

The European Mission, including the such cities with no missionaries, while forward unselfishly with only one thing

British Isles, was composed of eleven in the French East Mission we have in mind, and that is to bear testimony missions when President Dyer was fiftyfive cities and in the French Misto the world that the gospel has been called to preside over it a year and a sion 147 cities without missionaries. restored through a prophet in these the

half ago. Today this same area is This means that in these four missions latter days; that God is a personal God

composed of eighteen missions and five alone we have over 400 important cities of body, parts, and passions; and that

stakes. The European Mission has been and boroughs with populations of apwe accept Jesus Christ as the Living

divided, as President McKay told you proximately 25,000 and over without any Son of the Living God and the Savior this morning, leaving President Dyer missionaries whatever. of the world.

still with eleven missions, though seven While in the West European Mission, As they teach repentance and the have been placed in the new West EuroSister Tanner and I had the rare truths of the restored gospel, they enpean Mission. privilege of traveling with Elder and courage the people to follow the adThe West European Mission consists Sister Hugh B. Brown, who have spent monition of Moroni when he said, "And

of the four missions on the British Isles so many years in missionary work over when ye shall receive these things, I which I have named, the French, the there, and with President and Sister would exhort you that ye would ask

French East, and the Netherlands misDyer, and of meeting and associating God, the Eternal Father, in the name sions, over which I have the honor of with the mission presidents and many of Christ, if these things are not true;

being called to preside. of the missionaries, and aiding in the and if ye shall ask with a sincere heart,

I should tell you that the Holland organization of new stakes. with real intent, having faith in Christ,

Stake was organized March 12—the During our travels we met with he will manifest the truth of it unto

first stake to be organized on the conthousands of the Saints. In fact, at you, by the power of the Holy Ghost.

tinent of Europe. This makes a total the organization of the Leeds Stake we "And by the power of the Holy Ghost

of five stakes and seven missions in had in attendance 2,080 people. It ye may know the truth of all things."

this area. was a great inspiration to me to meet (Moroni 10:4-5.)

While this tremendous growth is takwith the missionaries in their conferIn no other Church will you find an ing place, it is impossible to keep up ences and to hear them bear their ferarmy of young men prepared to go into with the building program. In fact, vent testimonies to the truthfulness of the world to carry the gospel plan of

the lack of buildings is very serious. the gospel and to have the privilege of life and salvation. There are approxiWe cannot begin to accommodate the interviewing them and feeling their fine mately eight thousand missionaries in

new converts as they are being brought spirit. the field today who are working night

into the Church. In some branches After attending one of these meetings, and day, and who often fast and pray

there is only standing room for some Sister Tanner said that when she went to their Heavenly Father that they will of the people as they attend the Sacrainto that meeting and saw all those do their work and carry forth the gospel ment services, and they stand during young missionaries—most of them from message in a way that will be acceptthe whole of the service. nineteen to twentytwo years of ageable to him and bring the people to a

I am pleased to report, however, that she thought, "What can these youngknowledge and acceptance of the truth.

the Church, through the building comsters do in this great work?"You know, I call upon the world to hearken to

mittee, is doing all possible there, as they are much younger than they were their message, and without prejudice

JUNE 1961 429 put it to the test by praying earnestly fill offices in these stakes and wards, keenly their lack of experience, but feel, to God the Eternal Father. Many of both in England and in Holland, every as Nephi expressed himself as he prethese young men have asked their misman without exception expressed his pared to go back and get the plates:

sions to be extended beyond the normal gratitude for his membership in the "I will go and do the things which the time so that they might continue in the Church and his appreciation to those Lord hath commanded, for I know that service of their Heavenly Father and of who had brought the gospel to him and the Lord giveth no commandments unto their fellow men. It is their hope that his family. They also expressed their the children of men, save he shall prethose who are seeking for the truth willingness and desire to accept office pare a way for them that they may

might hear and accept it. and to labor in the Church and devote accomplish the thing which he comYou parents of these missionaries have whatever time was necessary to carry out mandeth them."(1 Nephi 3:7.) And

every reason to be humbly proud, and the assignments. they have the knowledge and belief

I appeal to those parents whose chilAmong those selected as members of that they in and of themselves can dren are not yet old enough to fill stake presidencies and bishoprics, we accomplish nothing, but with the help missions to set about now to teach and found industrialists, contractors, teachof the Lord they will succeed.

train and to prepare them in mind and ers, accountants, merchants, men in the One of the finest meetings Sister in attitude to accept a call so that they Air Force and in the Navy, builders, Tanner and I attended was a meeting might go forward as ambassadors of and even the humblest of laborers. of the stake missionaries in Leicester

the Lord. This is a special call to the Though the majority of these men had Stake, where the stake mission president

members of the restored Church. As been in the Church less than ten years, had been in the Church only three

the Lord said, "Go ye into all the world, and many of them from one to five years. The way he conducted, the

preach the gospel to every creature, years, they are men with testimonies lovely testimonies that were borne, and acting in the authority which I have of the truthfulness of the work and of the devotion of those missionaries—allgiven you, baptizing in the name of the the joy of service. All were so thankful young in the Church—were most inFather, and of the Son, and of the Holy for what the Church meant to them in spiring. They all stood ready, and exGhost."(D&C 68:8.) their lives and in their homes. pressed their desire to spend hours every

As we interviewed dozens of men to They expressed their humility and feel week teaching and sharing the gospel

A realizethe bosomthat I ofcan theprobablyChurch,remainand hereto sweeteramong menassociationthan thein allassociationthis worldwe

Authorities as General a body of the end of this conference session enjoy

I say of the Church. WORLD thisbeyondafternoon. And

MESSAGE As I droVe west a few days ago from having traveled six million thismilesafterin my home of eight years in Washington fortytwo nations during the last eight to these valleys of the mountains, I years. And I am grateful to be a part

caught myself singing many of the old of this brotherhood, this fellowship, this familiar Mormon hymns: "O Ye Mounspirit, which is part of the Church and

Ezra Taft Benson tains High,""Beautiful Zion for Me."kingdom of God.

of the Council of the Twelve I had a great joy in my heart, and I had I express my gratitude this morning a great surge of freedom, I think augfor the interest that has been shown in mented somewhat by the fact that I my activities during recent years, for the

Someone has said there is a new Beatwas behind the wheel of my own car support that has been given to my itude which reads: "Blessed is he who after riding behind government chaufhumble efforts. These have been eight

expects nothing, for he shall not be feurs for eight years. rather difficult, eventful, and I must

disappointed."It is good to be home. There is one say, rewarding years. I have had a

I stand before you this morning in expression that has become very dear prayer in my heart constantly that I deep humility and gratitude, my brothto me. It has been repeated over and would never do anything that would

ers and sisters, rejoicing in the opportunover again, I guess, hundreds of times hurt the Church, or my great country ities and blessings which have been by many people during the last few your country.

mine to be in attendance at this days: "Brother Benson, it is good to I have missed the association of the

conference. With all my heart I endorse have you home again."It isn't half as brethren of the General Authorities. I

the counsel that has been given and add good to have me home as it is for me to think the happiest hour each week has my witness to those testimonies already be home. It is a joy, my brethren and been on Sunday when I had the pleasborne. sisters, to be here to enjoy the warm ure of reading the minutes of the weekly

I think it was Edgar A. Guest who welcome and the sweet spirit of brothermeeting of the First Presidency and the

said: hood and fellowship that we have in Council of the Twelve, held in the

"Some folks leave home for money the Church. I know it is very real. upper room of the Salt Lake Temple. I

And some leave home for fame, Of course, it isn't what it should be. am grateful to President McKay for

Some seek skies always sunny, It isn't what it could be. It isn't what kindly granting me this privilege.

And some depart in shame. it will be, as we continue to increase I have missed the weekly travels to

I care not what the reason our faith and live more fully the gospel the stakes and missions of the Church,

Men travel east or west, of Jesus Christ. But it is truly a sweet and yet I have had the glorious privilege

Or what the time or season spirit. of meeting the Saints in many parts of

The hometown is the best."I am grateful for the privilege of being the world. I have had a conviction,

I am so happy, my brethren and sisback again associating with my brethren through all this period, my brethren and ters, to be with you today back here in of the General Authorities. There is no sisters, that I was where the Lord wanted

430 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA with the people in their communities. in the grove by himself, hesaw a pillar ministers and men of high standing,

In conclusion I should like to join with of light exactly over his head, which who told him that there were no such those who have spoken in this conferwas above the brightness of the sun, and things as visions or revelations in these ence and with those devoted missionhe saw two Personages whose brightdays; that all these things had ceased

aries, both fulltime, stake, and district ness and glory defied all description, with the apostles, and that there would missionaries, in bearing my testimony standing above him in the air. never be any more of them.

to all who are listening. I should like One of them said to Joseph, "This is However, though only a boy, he

to do this by telling an experience of my Beloved Son. Hear Him!"As soon maintained that he had beheld a vision,

Joseph Smith right here on the American as Joseph could speak he asked which and all the persecution under heaven continent in the year 1820, which to church he should join, and he was told could not make it otherwise. It was

me is one of the most important and to "join none of them, for... they draw through him that the gospel was rethrilling happenings since the resurrecnear to me with their lips, but their stored, and the Church and kingdom of

tion of our Sav'or Jesus Christ, and one hearts are far from me, they teach for God, known as the Church of Jesus with which all members of the Church doctrines the commandments of men, Christ of Latterday Saints, was estabare very familiar, and which is being having a form of godliness, but they lished in which we have apostles and told by the missionaries throughout the deny the power thereof."(Joseph Smith prophets and the priesthood of God

world. 2:17, 19.) with our beloved Prophet David O.

It is the story of a young boy, not yet As he left this grove, though he had McKay at the head of Christ's Church fifteen years of age, who desired to know been taught that God was just a spirit, here upon the earth.

which of all the churches was true. He he knew as he knew that he lived that This is my witness to you this day,

knew that God could not be the author God the Father and his Son Jesus Christ and I do hope and pray that we will all of all the confusion where each church were personal beings, and he bore testigo forth, keeping all of the commandwas zealously trying to establish its mony that they had appeared to him ments of God, bearing this testimony to own tenets and disprove others. In and had instructed him. Though only the world, as our missionaries are doing

order to get the answer direct, he went an obscure boy, not yet fifteen years of so effectively, in the name of Jesus alone to ask God in prayer. As he knelt age, he was ridiculed and persecuted by Christ. Amen.

me to be. I hope and pray that I will other messages have given ample evi- I have had no feeling of bitterness or

always be where he wants me to be. I dence of the great amount of faith and hatred in my heart, for which I am

have had no doubt of that since Presiprayer that has been exercised in my deeply grateful because I have prayed dent McKay in November 1952, realizbehalf. Without this faith and without we have prayed as a family—that we

ing that there might be a request for me this help I am sure I could not possibly could avoid any spirit of hatred or to occupy an important government have accomplished even the small bitterness. I love our Father's children.

position, said to me: "Brother Benson, amount that I have been able to do. I think the great rank and file of them

my mind is clear, and if the opportunity Yes, it has been a politically sensitive are good. Oh, they have weaknesses

comes in the proper spirit, I think you position. There have been honest difall of us do—but as I have visited them

should accept."ferences. Thank God we live in a land in fortytwo nations, I found that they

The opportunity came in the proper where men and women can differ are very much the same. True, some

spirit on a high spiritual plane, and I honestly without fear. I have been in of them have bad leaders. Some of them

accepted. Wc have a responsibility as countries where that is not possible. I have lost that which is priceless, yea,

American citizens to respond to the calls know that some of the differences have even more priceless than life itself of Presidents of the United States. As probably been inspired by political extheir freedom, their right to choose, their

a humble stake president I had repediency, but on the whole I think they right to make their own decisions. But

sponded to such a call from President have been honest differences. on the whole they are good people.

Franklin Delano Roosevelt and served There has been criticism too, but I I like to think they have five things for some time on a fourman national am frank and honest in saying that it in common—five aspirations, five hopes.

agricultural advisory committee during has never bothered me very much, be- I have found that universally they long the 1940's. cause in my heart I have been convinced for peace, and I am confident that if

But the thing I am most grateful for I was doing the thing that seemed to me, the leaders of this world or of the this morning is the faith and prayers at least, to be right, and the thing nations of the earth respond to the will that have been exercised in my behalf which our mail and other evidence also of the people, they will work and labor during the last eight years—first of all indicated represented the views of the and pray for peace.

by my brethren of the General Authoroverwhelming majority of the American Secondly, they want to live as brothers, ities, by the members of my own quorpeople. And I have nothing in my as neighbors, and friends. Third, they

um, by the First Presidency and others, heart, nor have I had, except a love for love their homes and families, and on by my devoted family, and my comthe people. I have had no bitterness. I the whole they want to be good parents.

panion who always has come to the have no bitterness today. At times when Fourth, they want to raise their stand-

—andrescue weespeciallyhave hadduringa few.crucialI shallperiodsever thepress,wonderfulwho have beenrepresentativessuch a help,of havethe someards ofof theliving.comfortsTheyof life,wantsometo ofenjoythe

be grateful for the faith and prayers of said, "Surely, you must hate these people opportunities for development and the Latterday Saints throughout the who criticize you,"I have usually regrowth and culture. And fifth, they deChurch and for the faith and prayers of plied, "I do not hate any living soul. sire to do good.

the people of all faiths from all over I love all of our Father's children. True, Now, most of these people have been

the free world. Hundreds, yes, thousands I love some more than others."from the rural areas, but keep in mind

of letters, telegrams, telephone calls, and But honestly, my brethren and sisters, that the rural people of this world repJUNE 1961 431 resent more than half of the total popugospel"program and the referral proservices with our neighbors.

lation. They are people who have had gram. I have the names of some 9,000 Yes, I love this great land. It has

their feet in the soil, who have been men, approximately, with whom I have been an honor to serve. I know that

close to the land, who live and work in had personal contact in an official this nation has a prophetic history. I

the country, and they are solid, subcapacity. I hope to give referral cards would to God that every citizen of this

stantial people, not easily stampeded, for them. I would like to have every land might read the Book of Mormon

who probably know about as well as one of them hear the gospel. I wish prayerfully and learn something of the

any other segment of our population that all of our Father's children might prophecies made regarding this land that "as ye sow, so shall ye reap."enjoy the blessings that come through the promises made and the conditions

I am grateful for the people I have an acceptance and living of the gospel upon which they are made-—that we

worked with. I am grateful that my lot of Jesus Christ. might as an American people so live

has been cast in large measure with the Yes, even when I was in Russia, I that these great promises could be fully rural people of the world. I am grateexpressed the hope to the Russian leadrealized; that we might come to know

ful for the support I have had from ers, our hosts, that after my tour of that the Constitution of this land has many of these wonderful people, from duty was over for the government that been established by men whom the God the wonderful group of men who have I might have the opportunity of returnof heaven raised up unto that very purbeen associated with me in the Departing to Russia and being privileged to pose.

ment of Agriculture, for their spirit of hold meetings to discuss my philosophy This nation has a great mission to loyalty and unity and devoted service. of life and to talk about things spiritual perform. Here was prepared the place

I am very grateful for the support I with the wonderful Russian people. Of where the gospel could be restored as

have had from the Chief Executive course, I was not given a promise. The has been told so beautifully by Brother

during these eight years, for his loyalty, leaders of communism are afraid of the Tanner. It is my conviction that the

for his deep spirituality, for his deterlight of truth. But it is my hope and world needs, as it needs no other thing,

mination to do that which he believed prayer, my brethren and sisters, that the gospel of Jesus Christ, and the ot be right, and to approve my doing some time in some way the door may be people of the world want what the so as well. Also I am grateful that he reopened in all the nations of the earth, gospel will give, but they do not realize

mained true to his promise that I would that they might receive the message of it. They want the anchor which the

never be asked to support any program the restored gospel; that they might gospel provides, which gives them the

or policy which I did not believe in, enjoy the blessings of freedom under a answers to the problems that face them;

and I am sure he knew in his own system similar to what we enjoy here in that brings them a feeling of security heart that I would not do it anyway. this great land—a system that has and a feeling of inner peace. The

I say I love our Father's children. brought us so much joy and happiness gospel is the only answer to the probHundreds and thousands of them I have and so many of the good things of life lems of the world, my brethren and

contacted during the last eight years.—a system based on freedom of choice, sisters. We may cry peace. We may

Last night in the priesthood meeting on the private ownership of property, hold peace conferences. And I have

we heard about the great "share the on the right to exchange our goods and nothing but commendation for those

Sunday Afternoon Session, speaketh by the power of the Holy things about the Book of Mormon beApril 9, 1961 Ghost the power of the Holy Ghost fore I get to the point that I have in carrieth it unto the hearts of the chilmind to comment on.

dren of men."(2 Nephi 33:1.) As you know, the Book of Mormon is

"MY whichI havetooka preparedme five monthstalk in myto prepare,pocket, thedek currentPriesthoodstudyquorums.course forI urgeMelchizeevery-

it during 1961, particularly CHURCH titled "The Book of Mormon—The Keyone to read

SHALL BE stoneknow ofwhatOur BrotherReligion."McConkieYou, of course,did to MelchizedekI do because PriesthoodI think we bearers.need—asThiswe

feel increase under it. (laughter) membership in Church made He has me CALLED IN

great missionary player it as the a boys'the of our impetus on towards

MY NAME"baseball team felt towards left field. This program—to keep pace in the perfecting

lives. give of to This taken do by out of was a game our own we canMarion G. Romney player

of string a putting God,""whole the second on the armour chance from Jimmy of the Council of the Twelve to play. As luck would have it, Jimmy as Paul says, (Eph. 6:11) or, as Peter

dropped the first two balls hit into left puts it, by more rapidly becoming "parMy beloved brothers and sisters, and I field. He was therefore taken out, and takers of the divine nature."(2 Pet.

include all of you, both you in this the left fielder put back in. The next 1:4.) I do not know any more effective

building and you who are listening in two balls hit also went to left field, way to do this than to know and live on radio and television. I consider you and the regular player dropped them. the teachings of the Book of Mormon.

all my brothers and sisters, for I know, When he came off the field at the end The Prophet knew what he was talking as you do, that we are all the sons and of the inning, the coach said, "I wasn't about when he said that "... a man

daughters of our Father in heaven. I surprised when Jimmy fumbled the ball, would get nearer to God by abiding by

sincerely trust that you will join with but I was surprised at you.""Well, its precepts, than by any other book."

me in a prayer that while I speak I Coach,"said the player, "I'll tell you, (DHC. 4:461.)

may enjoy the Spirit and that you may Jimmy messed up left field so badly The Prophet also knew what he was enjoy the Spirit, for I am convinced that no one can play it."talking about when he said "the Book

with Nephi that "... when a man However, I do want to say one or two of Mormon"is "the keystone of our

432 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA who work for peace. But it is my conworld organization. I testify to you today, my brethren

viction that peace must come from with- A hundred and thirty years ago, when and sisters, that the gospel is true; that

in. It cannot be imposed by state manthe elders were assembled in conference it has been restored to the earth in its

date. It can come only by following to determine whether the revelations purity, in its fulness. Mormonism is

the teachings and the example of the should be published to the world, the the gospel of Jesus Christ in its fulness,

Prince of Peace. Lord saw fit to give a revelation to his and therefore Mormonism is true. God

Yes, I am happy to be back home. Church, which was also directed to the help us to live the gospel. I testify to

It is my hope and prayer that I may world. He referred to it as his "Prefyou that God has again spoken from

be able to help in some small way to ace,"or his "Introduction to his Book the heavens. The heavens are not

carry this glorious message to our of Commandments,"and it is the first sealed. The vision of God the Father

Father's children. I have hoped and section of the Doctrine and Covenants, and the Son to the boy prophet did in

prayed that my services in the last from which I quote these words: (Note very deed occur. God lives. Jesus is

eight years may have contributed somethem carefully.) the Christ, the Redeemer of the world,

what to the great missionary effort of "Hearken, O ye people of my church, not just a great moral teacher, as much the Church. I wish that we might go saith the voice of him who dwells on of the Christian world is claiming, but

to all the world—to Israel, where I high, and whose eyes are upon all men; the Savior of mankind, the very Son of

have had the opportunity of two extenyea, verily I say: Hearken ye people from God.

sive visits recently, where miracles are afar; and ye that are upon the islands Joseph Smith was a prophet of the

being performed, where prophecies are of the sea, listen together. Living God, one of the greatest prophets

being fulfilled. I wish we could go to "For verily the voice of the Lord is that has ever lived upon the earth. He

the wonderful Arab countries. I shall unto all men, and there is none to was the instrument in God's hand in

never forget how I was received with escape;... ushering in a great gospel dispensation,

open arms, how the hand of friendship "And the voice of warning shall be the greatest ever, and the last of all in and fellowship was extended to me unto all people, by the mouths of my preparation for the second coming of there. disciples, whom I have chosen in these the Master.

I shall never forget my visit to Egypt, last days. I bear witness that these things are

and as a tangible evidence further of "And they shall go forth and none true, and that we have standing at the their love and friendship, they offered shall stay them, for I the Lord have head of the Church today a prophet of to me one of their choicest prized gifts commanded them."(D&C 1:1-2, 4-5.) the Living God, who holds all the keys

a wonderful Arabian stallion. I would So our message is a world message. and authority necessary to carry forward

like to see us carry the gospel to India, It is intended for all of our Father's our Father's program for the blessto the humble people of that land; to children. When God the Father and ing of his children. As God lives, I

Pakistan, to China, to Yugoslavia, to his Son Jesus Christ saw fit to come here know these things to be true and bear

Poland, to Russia, everywhere, because, to earth and appear to a boy prophet, this witness to you, my brethren and my brethren and sisters, our message surely such a visitation was intended to sisters, in the name of the Lord Jesus is a world message. This Church is a bless all of our Father's children. Christ. Amen.

religion."We may not know all he ence. I have been thinking about this has and does now reveal it through

had in mind when he said this, but we as I have sat here on this stand during his appointed servants, and to take it do know the statement was amply these conference sessions and considered back and teach it to our people. We

justified because the authenticity of what was going on. I do not think I know that the gospel of Jesus Christ,

the Book of Mormon rests upon two have the language to convey to you its of which this Church is the repository, facts, acceptance of which is tantamount full significance, but I can say that it is the one and only way of peace. We

to acceptance of the whole of the rerepresents the most effective force in the know that to everyone who accepts and stored gospel, namely: the fact of world for the good of humanity. lives it there comes peace—peace in his

modern revelation, by which I mean We have great gatherings, of course, heart—even in the midst of turmoil in

direct communication from God to in the United Nations. Representatives the world. We know that if the peomen, and the fact that Joseph Smith from the governments of the world ple of the world would accept it and

was a prophet of God. convene to deliberate, to reason, to live it, we would have peace in all the

. Acceptance of the Book of Mormon argue, to compromise, to try in every world. We are in very deed representarequires acceptance of these two facts, way devisable by the human mind to tives of Jesus Christ our Redeemer and

because they are inseparably connected resolve differences. I suppose most of his Father, God our Eternal Father.

with its coming forth. If one accepts of them come with honest hearts to try Our authority comes from them.

them and the Book of Mormon, he to bring peace to the world. This is the Church of Jesus Christ.

cannot deny the restored gospel, for it We have come to this conference It is the Church of Christ by his own rests upon the same two facts. The from many nations of the world—not, statement as to what his Church had

person who knows the Book of Mormon however, as representatives of the govto be. I am going to take the time to

is true has passed the point of no reernments of these nations. We are here read to you what he said his Church

turn, so far as conversion is concerned. representing the leadership of the had to be. Brother [Milton R.] Hunter

He has come out of darkness into the kingdom of God. This Church is the told about the visit of Jesus to the

glorious light of truth. He has, in literal kingdom of God in the earth. Nephites after he had completed his

effect, accepted the gospel of Jesus We did not come to argue, to jockey for postresurrection ministry among the

Christ. position, to compromise differences and Saints at Jerusalem. When he appeared

I would now like to say a few words establish policies. We came here to to the Nephites, they saw him as he

about the significance of this conferhear and learn the word of God as he was—a glorified man of flesh and bone

JUNE 1961 433

and spirit. He walked with them, and shall call the church in my name; and gospel [he said], and this is the gospel

he talked with them. He organized his ye shall call upon the Father in my which I have given unto you—that I

Church among them. He clearly pointed name that he will bless the church came into the world to do the will of

out to them two distinguishing charfor my sake. my Father, because my Father sent me.

acteristics of his Church. He chose, as "And how be it my church save it "And my Father sent me that I might

you remember, twelve disciples who be called in my name? For if a church be lifted up upon the cross; and after

were to serve among the Nephites as be called in Moses'name then it be that I had been lifted up upon the the Twelve Apostles served the people Moses'church; or if it be called in the cross, that I might draw all men unto

in the land of Jerusalem. name of a man then it be the church me, that as I have been lifted up by

"And it came to pass that as the of a man; but if it he called in my men even so should men be lifted up

disciples of Jesus were journeying and name then it is my church, if it so be by the Father, to stand before me, to were preaching the things which they that they are built upon my gospel."be judged of their works, whether they

had both heard and seen, and were (3 Nephi 27:1-8.) be good or whether they be evil

baptizing in the name of Jesus, it came How about the name of this Church? "And for this cause have I been

to pass that the disciples were gathered What is it? It is "The Church of Jesus lifted up; therefore, according to the

together and were united in mighty Christ of Latterday Saints."How did power of the Father I will draw all

prayer and fasting. it get the name? Did Joseph Smith men unto me, [in the universal resur-

"And Jesus again showed himself unto select it? No. The Lord Jesus Christ rection], that they may be judged acthem, for they were praying unto the himself told Joseph Smith to name this cording to their works.

Father in his name; and Jesus came and Church "The Church of Jesus Christ "And it shall come to pass, that

stood in the midst of them, and said of Latterday Saints."I will not take whoso repenteth and is baptized in my

unto them: What will ye that I shall time to read the instruction. You will name shall be filled; and if he endureth

give unto you? find it in the 115th section of the to the end, behold, him will I hold

"And they said unto him: Lord, we Doctrine and Covenants. In that guiltless before my Father at that day

will that thou wouldst tell us the revelation Jesus refers to "all the elders when I shall stand to judge the world.

name whereby we shall call this church; and people of my Church of Jesus Christ "And he that endureth not unto the

for there are disputations among the of Latterday Saints scattered abroad in end [this is the Redeemer speaking], people concerning this matter. all the world; For thus shall my church the same is he that is also hewn down

"And the Lord said unto them: be called in the last days, even the and cast into the fire, from whence

Verily, verily, I say unto you, why is Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday they can no more return, because of the it that the people should murmur and Saints."(See D&C 115:3-4.) justice of the Father.

dispute because of this thing? Now what about the other point? "And this is the word which he hath

"Have they not read the scriptures, It is my church "if it be called in my given unto the children of men. And

which say ye must take upon you the name... if it so be that they are built for this cause he fulfil leth the words

name of Christ, which is my name? upon my gospel."Now what is the which he hath given, and he lieth not,

For by this name shall ye be called at gospel of Jesus Christ? I would like to but fulfilleth all his words.

great day when read to you out of this same chapter, "And no unclean thing can enter intothe last day—[That

we shall be called to stand before him the 27th chapter of 3rd Nephi, the gospel his kingdom; therefore nothing entereth

to be judged] of Jesus Christ, as defined by the Master into his rest save it be those who have "And whoso taketh upon him my himself—not by Joseph Smith, not by washed their garments in my blood, bename, and endureth to the end, the men, but by Christ himself as he stood cause of their faith, and the repentance

same shall be saved at the last day. among the Nephites, as a resurrected of all their sins, and their faithfulness

"Therefore, whatsoever ye shall do, being. To me it is marvelous: unto the end.

ye shall do it in my name; therefore ye "Behold I have given unto you my "Now this is the commandment [said

and we have been fed those things peryouth, commending them for their courtaining to eternal life which will help age and fortitude in seeking to know the us in our daily lives here in mortality. truth and to follow it, were most inSHARING wouldI believesumthereup areverya fewbeautifullylines whichthe spirational,brethren, to asBrotherhas beenRomneyeachwhoof hasthe

truths that have been spoken from this just preceded me with his beautiful THE

GOSPEL pulpit.It is a simple prayer, and as far as testimonyThere isofone,the divinityI should oflikeJesusto Christ.say at

I am concerned, the author is anonythis point, whom I have missed, and mous. "O God, our Father, always keep I am sure I voice the thoughts of thouus thankful, and never let us forget sands who have been and are here; the

J.John Longden greatthe sourceprivilegeof all toour shareblessingsthemand withour voiceReubenandClark,the Jr.wordsGod blessof Presidentyou, PresiAssistant to the Council of the Twelve others."dent Clark.

I am so grateful for those words beBecause of this sharing, there was an cause I feel they sum up beautifully assignment that came to Sister Longden

From this conference, these excellent the things which have been given in and me last November—it came earlier

sessions which have been held, with these marvelous sessions from those who than that but because of conditions and the Spirit of the Lord in attendance, have preceded me. The opening recircumstances over which we had no

we have been fed the bread of life, marks of President McKay, saluting control, we were not able to start our

434 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the Redeemer]: Repent, all ye ends of realize the greatness of Jesus. Enoch to Joseph Smith: "... Which suffering

the earth, and come unto me and be was amazed when the Lord showed caused myself, even God, the greatest baptized in my name, that ye may be him his creations. He referred to of all, to tremble because of pain, and

sanctified by the reception of the Holy the number of them in this lanto bleed at every pore, and to suffer

Ghost, that ye may stand spotless before guage: "... were it possible that man both body and spirit—and would that

me at the last day. could number the particles of the earth, I might not drink the bitter cup, and

"Verily, verily, I say unto you, this is yea, millions of earths like this, shrink my gospel;..."(3 Nephi 27:1321.) it would not be a beginning to the num- "Nevertheless, glory be to the Father,

Then he adds that "if ye do these ber of thy creations;..."(Moses 7:30.) and I partook and finished my preparathings blessed are ye, for ye shall be I think of this man—this Son of tions unto the children of men."(D&Clifted up at the last day."(Ibid., 27:22.) God, Jesus—as he stood on Mount 19:1819.)

Now this Church is the Church of Shelem before the brother of Jared By his suffering he put into effect

Jesus Christ. Of course, no one can in his fulllength spirit body and said: the plan of mercy, the merciful gospel

know this fact with certainty unless he "Behold, I am he who was prepared plan of redemption by which all men has received a witness from the Holy from the foundation of the world to may be cleansed of their sins.

Ghost. Everyone who will look can redeem my people. Behold, I am Jesus And then I think of him on the cross.

see, however, that the Church meets Christ.... I think of him in the garden, when

the requirement laid down by the Re- "... Seest thou that ye are created he spoke to Mary, following which the

deemer. It was named by him, it is after mine own image? Yea, even all light and knowledge broke through

called after him, and it is built upon men were created in the beginning after upon his disciples that he in reality had the gospel as he defined it. mine own image. won the victory over death, bringing

This Church is the standard which "Behold, this body, which ye now beabout not only his own, but the resurIsaiah said the Lord would set up for hold, is the body of my spirit; and man rection of all people.

the people in the latter days. This have I created after the body of my I think of him with the Father in the

Church was given to be a light to the spirit; and even as I appear unto thee grove with the Prophet Joseph. I know

world and to be a standard for God's to be in the spirit will I appear unto he lives.

people and for the Gentiles to seek to. my people in the flesh."(Ether 3:1416.) I know my Redeemer lives. "Hear, O

This Church is the ensign on the mounThat was 2,200 years before he apye heavens, and give ear, O earth, and tain spoken of by the Old Testament peared on earth as the infant son of rejoice ye inhabitants thereof, for the prophets. It is the way, the truth, and Mary. I think of his coming into this Lord is God, and beside him there is no

the life. world, the Son of Mary and God the Savior."(D&C 76:1.)

I know these things are true. I know Eternal Father. I bear you my testimony that this

them by the witness of the Spirit to my I think of him as he went through statement is true, and this witness which soul, and I bear you that witness. I his life, teaching and blessing the I bear will be binding upon you; for I,

know Jesus Christ lives. When I think people. like my brethren of the presiding counof him, my Redeemer, I am always And, oh, I think of him in Gethcils of the Church, am a called and

moved. In my mind's eye, I see him semane, when he suffered the pain of ordained personal witness of the Lord

in that great council before the world all men, that we m'ght be forgiven of Jesus Christ.

was, when he said in effect to his our sins on conditions of repentance. I This Church is the Church of God.

Father, "I will go. Mine be the willing think of Luke's statement describing We do have the gospel of Jesus Christ.

sacrifice, the endless glory thine."Christ's suffering in Gethsemane: "... If we will live it, we will gain the

I view him as the Creator of this his sweat was as it were great drops of promised blessings. That this may so

world and of the starry heavens. In blood falling down to the ground."be, I humbly pray in the name of Jesus

this respect it is difficult for us to (Luke 22:44.) And of Christ's statement Christ. Amen.

journey until the fourth of November morning. On Sunday, the next day, percent attendance in our meeting that

1960. President Young was installed as the day. That is something for you stake

We left Salt Lake City with Presinew mission president. President presidents here in the States to shoot

dent and Sister Kendall W. Young, who Joseph R. Reeder was released as presiat—eightyone percent of the total

were to be installed in the French dent of the French Polynesian Mission. membership of the Church on the Island

Polynesian (or Tahiti an) Mission, and In a few days President and Sister of Rarotonga—as we created a new miswith us were their four little children Reeder, their son and daughter and a sion in the Cook Islands with headthefaith—hereoldest notit yetis exemplified—theseseven. You talk aboutpeoyoungBrighamelder,City, RalphUtah, whoAndersonwas in fromthe quartersThe missionariesin Rarotonga.in Rarotonga as well

ple willing to leave the comforts of Tahitian Mission presidency, started for as those in Tahiti, Tonga, Samoa, Aushome and the pursuits here of their Rarotonga on the Church ship, Paraita, tralia, and New Zealand, are dedicated daily labors to go out and serve the so named after Addison Pratt, one of the young men, giving their all in sharing

Lord in those beautiful but faraway first missionaries to labor in the South the gospel.

islands of the South Pacific. Pacific isles as early as 1844. That will I shall always remember one missionWe arrived in Papeete, Tahiti, after give you an idea of how our "sharing"ary who wished to stay several months

twentyseven hours. The final journey was taking place even in those early longer after completing his full term

from Honolulu to Papeete took ten hours days. in the mission field, but he sensed that

and fifteen minutes which is quite a President Reeder was installed the finances might be running short at home long time to be in the air. But we were following Sunday as President of the so he wrote to his mother, who is a

blessed. We arrived there Saturday Rarotonga Mission. We had eightyone widow, asking her advice. While we

JUNE 1961 435 were in Tahiti he received a letter from Thank Thee O God For a Prophet."They sang with so much meaning, and

her stating, "If necessary, I'll scrub Right then I had the privilege of telling they sang not only in Samoan, but they floors in order to keep you in the misthem I knew they were singing their had learned also the English interpretasion field your full time and longer."thanks for our prophet, David O. McKay, tion. The building program is going

Faith, sharing with others! and I would convey their love and forward in Samoa, as will the proselytThe missionary activity in these. two greeting to him. ing and school programs.

missions, the increasing baptisms, the I shall never forget the 1,400 Saints Last year in Samoa there were 2,393 steppedup interest of investigators is assembled at a music and dance festival baptisms. That is about an average of

most heartwarming. I believe our mempresented by several branches of the forty for every missionary. I am sure

bers there are fully converted to the Tongan Mission. This time we saw that will make President Moyle happy.

truth and know why they are being the great MIA program in action. I We talk about "sharing the gospel."

baptized. There is a lovely missionam ready for any stake president now, They have been doing that down

ary endeavor which takes place every or anyone in the Mutual organization there. Three years ago there was one

three weeks as each Matson liner comes who says, "It won't work in our stake."entire village of fortyfive converted beinto Papeete. The French and the We saw it work. We saw this marvelcause of the activity of our missionaries.

Tahitian branches, combined, furnish ous program in action—dancirtg, singing, When we held a service there, three

a fortyfive-minute program for all the the drama, speech. Also we met with years later, there were 150 in attendance

tourists on board ship, and there is Tongan Master MMen and Golden in that little village.

usually a full complement of passengers. Gleaners. They have many ideas that they are

The program consists of classical as Yes, sharing the gospel is a happy putting into effect in order to bring to well as native music sung by a chorus experience—more so when we see the these wonderful people of the South

of beautiful young Tahitian members gospel principles applied in the daily Pacific the Pearl of Great Price. I

led by one of the missionaries. There lives of others. I am grateful for the cannot say too much for the work that

are also some impressive native dances faith of the missionaries in the South has and is being done by President by young and old, and you would thrill Pacific and, though we are limited in Charles I. Sampson and his most dediat the music—the choruses, the indinumber in some of these missions, the cated counselors, President Rivers and

vidual numbers. We were told by the mission presidents are meeting this President Harrington. President Harcaptains of both ships on which we witchallenge through the development of rington, a stalwart young man graduated

nessed the show that this was always young Tahiti ans, Tongans, and Samoans from Stanford University, a Samoan, his the favorite entertainment of their who are qualified and worthy, who alparents living in Honolulu, will soon passengers. ready know the language. These young be winding up his two and a half years

Our journey then took us to Suva, people are called as missionaries to in the mission field—a tower of spiritual

Fiji, and to Nukualofa, Tonga, where serve with the missionaries from the strength to his people.

we met with President M. Vernon States. That is doubling our number We were so pleased to see the schools

Coombs and Sister Coombs. They have of missionaries, and great good is being as well as the churches teaching people

been in the mission field in Tonga on accomplished. to develop and utilize the talents with

and off since 1911. The people love From Tonga we moved on to Samoa, which God has blessed them! Yes, we

them, and they love the Tongan Saints. where a fine work is being accomare truly sharing the gospel of Jesus

President Coombs had arranged an inplished. Here we saw much of another Christ with these wonderful people of

terview with Crown Prince Tungi, who phase of activity in the Church—the the South Pacific.

was very grateful for the courtesy and labor missionary program. It was my Our journey was extended to include

hospitality extended to him by Presiprivilege to hold a special meeting with those great countries of Australia and dent McKay on a visit here a few years seventyseven of them, and then as the New Zealand. We had the opporago. Perhaps one of the most thrilling, Apia Chapel was dedicated with 526 tunity of touring the Southern Aushumbling moments of our lives was as in attendance, to see and hear a chorus tralian Mission and the Australian

we arrived at the Church college in of fifty young labor missionaries dressed Mission. When you travel from MelNukualofa. The Saints were all dressed in white shirts and trousers with black bourne, which is the headquarters of

in pure white, mostly sitting on the bow ties, singing under the direction of the Southern Australian Mission, and floor to make more room. As we arrived Sister Barker, whose husband is the go around to Perth, it is like traveling

they stood and sang like angels, "We principal of the Church school at Pesega. from Salt Lake City to New York. And

"In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat We should understand, however, that bread."(Gen. 3:19.) In these words the Adam and Eve were put under no curse,

"IN THE Lord gave to Adam and Eve, as they but rather the ground was cursed for benefit, sake or for his of Eden, Adam's good and "... further stated: for the Lord and SWEAT OF werethe economicdriven fromlaw theby Gardenwhich they

THY FACE.. / their posterity should live out their lives is the ground for thy sake."cursed(Ibid.,

here upon the earth. All laws given 3:17.)

to Adam, we are advised, were spiritual It was just twentyfive years ago at laws. Inasmuch as he was given the the April 1936 general conference that

edict that in the sweat of his brow he the divinely inspired welfare plan was

Henry D. Taylor should eat bread, and this to be proannounced, giving renewed emphasis to

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve duced from the earth, which had been principles as old as the Church itself.

condemned to bring forth thorns and At the following conference in October, thistles, we can logically conclude that the First Presidency explained the priwork is a spiritual law. mary purposes for the establishment of

436 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in the other direction, when you leave reap the blessings. I am so thankful he built his house upon the rock, and

Sydney, of the Australian Mission, going that our journey was extended to Austhe one who was foolish, because he north to Cairns, it is a similar distance. tralia and New Zealand, that we came had built his house upon the sand. I

At the time we left, a new area was to know these wonderful people. I held am interested in the closing words of

being opened, as Brother [Spencer W.] three stake conferences in Australia, in that chapter, "And it came to pass when

Kimball had encouraged them to do, in Melbourne, in Sydney, and Brisbane, Jesus had ended these sayings, the

Darwin and Port Moresby and Thursand was privileged to see the faith of people were astonished at his doctrine.

day Island in New Guinea. This was the people there and the attendance "For he taught them as one having

after a survey had been made at the at our meetings and to hear some faithauthority, and not as the scribes."

time of the visit of Brother Kimball. promoting stories and witness them. (Matt. 7:2829.)

Christmas Eve we were in the rail- I could mention other similar experiMay we then be wise and follow the road yards at Perth—106 degrees, and ences. Sixtynine Tongan Saints, when teachings of our great prophet andwe saw a little train—not the luxury we were in Suva, were just returning mouthpiece of the Lord today, as well

and the comforts and conveniences to from the temple, happy and at peace as of those who have been called to which we are accustomed in this nabecause they had realized lifelong labor and serve with him, and the tion. Twentyfive of our members, indreams. Another thirtyeight disemleaders in the missions and in the

cluding one little family of seven, barked from a huge plane in Auckland stakes and wards and branches, and mother and father and five children three days before we left for home. all the auxiliary organizations, for we

were leaving for New Zealand to go to We met them in Auckland at the airare being taught and led by authority the temple to be sealed to one another. port. Nine couples, nine fathers and and not by the teachings of the scribes.

I called Sister Longden's attention to mothers and twenty children were going We then will be true Latterday Saints.

the little canvas bag on the back of to the temple to have that eternal I am deeply thankful for my memthe railroad car, and in that bag was union. God bless them. bership in this, the Church of Jesus

the culinary water which was to sustain After spending ten days each in the Christ of Latterday Saints. May I give

them until they were able to refill it. New Zealand South and New Zealand you in conclusion the words of Karl

Faith! Because they had received that missions, we held three stake confer- G. Maeser. The gospel has been

witness Brother has just spoken Romney ences Zealand: Bay, Hawkes kingdom. up in New Those summed for us—the

in their that evidence hadof! They I Hamilton, inherit in Auckland. and will the kingdom be must am who

souls. The light of the gospel of Jesus grateful for the memories I have of these true Latterday Saints. This is Brother

Christ had penetrated the darkness, and experiences. The attendance was exMaeser's definition of a true Latterday

they felt the spirit of urgency to go to cellent in all stakes. Fiftythree percent Saint. "A true Latterday Saint is one

a temple of the Lord. They were willwere present at our meetings in Auckwho has dedicated himself soul and

ing to sell all their possessions. It land, even though the Auckland Stake body to God in all things, temporal and

would take some three weeks for their had been divided two and a half months spiritual, in all his doings, in all the journey, changing to four different before when Brother Kimball was there meditations of his heart, in all his trains going through Australia, and creating a new stake, Hamilton, leaving desires, his anticipations and hopes for then in Sydney they would board a ship only part of Auckland Stake. It has the future, in life and in death to bewhich would take them to Auckland. been wonderful to shake the hand of long to the Lord only, and has based

They would then travel another eighty President William Roberts, from Auckall his actions, all his thoughts, all his miles to the temple site. They knew land, here for this conference, also of endeavors, all his interests upon that

they were doing the will of the Lord. President Higbee from Hawkes Bay and foundation that he belongs to the Lord."

We shall never forget the look of others here from these stakes of Zion As we truly belong to the Lord we will hallowed, excited expectation on the down under. feel called to share that belonging with

faces of each of those dear Saints. Now in conclusion, as we share this others.

We truly saw the gospel of Jesus gospel with others, may I give you the May we be true Latterday Saints,

Christ in action. President Moyle used words of the Lord as recorded in the sharing the gospel freely with others, I

the word this morning—applying—apseventh chapter of Matthew. Christ had humbly pray as I bear my witness to

plication. We hear, we read, we have been teaching the people in his cusyou that these things are true, in the

an opportunity to believe, and then we tomary way—by parables. He spoke of name of the Lord Jesus Christ our

must apply these truths in order to one of the men who was wise, because Savior. Amen.

the program. One of the basic princireceived. In this manner there would and emphasized the principle of work.

ples, they stated, was: "Work is to be be no dole, no receiving something and In his epistle to the Thessalonians, he

reenthroned as the ruling principle of giving nothing in return. It will be reminded them: "... this we comthe lives of our Church membership."understood that an essential factor of manded you, that if any would not work,

(Conference Report, October 1936, this great movement, the welfare plan, neither should he eat.

page 3.) is work. "For we hear that there are some

To carry out the purposes of the proFrom early youth, Latterday Saints which walk among you disorderly, gram, it was intended that all members have or should have been taught to working not at all, but are busybodies.

of the Church should join together and regard work as honorable and to dignify "Now them that are such we comwork and labor to produce and process it by performing an honest day's work mand and exhort by our Lord Jesus the commodities necessary to care for for a fair day's pay. The poet Carlylc Christ, that with quietness they work,

the "Lord's poor,"that is the worthy expressed this sentiment when he penned and eat their own bread.

needy, and that those needy, who were the lines: "All work, even cotton- "But ye, brethren, be not weary in

to receive assistance, should, to the exspinning is noble; work alone is noble."well doing."(2 Thess. 3:1013.)

tent of their ability, work for the help The Apostle Paul clearly understood Many have viewed with concern presJUNE 1961 437 entday trends continually to shorten anything else. Never give to the idler."ness when not stimulated by vigorous

working hours. The existing fortyhour (Discourses of Brigham Young, p. 275.) mental exercise. On the other hand,

week seems destined for revision downThe First Presidency expressed diswork is conducive to good health, conward, as agitation mounts to reduce approval of the evil of idleness when in tentment, and cheerfulness. Some of its

further the working week to thirtyfive or explaining the purposes of the welfare happy results are peace of mind, a hearty even thirty hours, with no decrease in program, they stated, that it is among appetite, sound sleep, and undisturbed benefits. Then there are those who look other things: rest.

forward with anticipation to age sixty- "To set up... a system under which "... work out your own salvation

five as the time of retirement from all the curse of idleness would be done with fear and trembling."(Phil. 2:12.)

work and labor. Much to their sorrow, away with."To Latterday Saints, this is not just an

many discover that too much leisure The life span of man is constantly empty phrase, it is a profound truth.

time may create problems not anticilengthening. More and more elderly Working out one's own salvation is the

pated and brings disillusionment and citizens are confronted with the problem concern of every individual, contemplatunhappiness. They learn the important of properly utilizing leisure time in acing and requiring more than mere lip

truth that work is a great blessing and cordance with their desires, experience, service. Each of us will at some future

can result in joy and happiness to knowledge, and abilities. These sunset day stand before the judgment bar of

themselves and to mankind. They also years can be rich, rewarding, golden God to answer for our acts in this life.

discover that doing nothing is one of the years, filled with work and activity as John the Beloved Apostle foresaw in hardest of all jobs. When you get tired, witnessed by the serene, happy faces of vision this memorable event and deyou can't rest. You are in bondage the aging temple workers, and the rescribed it in these words:

when you refuse to work. search people in the Genealogical "And I saw the dead, small and great,

Elizabeth Barrett Browning said: "Free Library. I was deeply impressed and stand before God; and the books were

men freely work: Whoever fears God, touched with the look of happiness and opened: and another book was opened,

fears to sit at ease."contentment on the face of a ninetytwo- which is the book of life: and the dead

Idleness is an offense against the gosyear-old brother engaged in labeling were judged out of those things which pel and has received the Lord's severe cans at Welfare Square. Work to him were written in the books, according to

condemnation. He denounced it with was worthwhile and precious. their works."(Rev. 20:12.)

vigor and vehemence when he inHow glorious it is that the Church So we can say with grateful hearts, structed: provides ways, means, and opportunities "thanks, Heavenly Father,"for the privi-

"Thou shalt not be idle; for he that for those growing older to engage in lege and the blessing of work; and as

is idle shall not eat the bread nor wear interesting and constructive work; and one has so aptly said, "For the might

the garments of the laborer."(D&C how proud we should be to belong to of it, the pride of it, the glory of it, the

42:42.) such an organization. peace of mind that comes from the

"For the idler shall be had in rePresident McKay in his eightyeighth strain of it."

membrance before the Lord."(Ibid., year is an inspiration and a shining I bear you my witness, my brothers

68:30.) example to all of us; in his office from and sisters, that the principle of work

On another occasion he counseled: early morning until evening, traveling is a Godgiven and spiritual law. I

"Let every man be diligent in all throughout the world, guiding, stimuhumbly pray that each one of us will things. And the idler shall not have lating, and inspiring the Saints. labor diligently, so that some day we

place in the church, except he repent Inactivity or refraining from work can may merit the words of approbation, and mend his ways."(Ibid., 75:29.) produce a deterioration of both muscle "Well done, thou good and faithful

Brigham Young admonished the and mind. The body accumulates poison servant:... enter thou into the joy of thy

Saints by saying: when it ceases to be active. The mind Lord,"(Matt. 25:21.) in the name of

"To give to the idler is as wicked as becomes weak and dwindles in effectiveJesus Christ our Savior. Amen.

friendship, so that feeling your confiWe can best serve by teaching the dence and your love I might be able divinity of Jesus Christ.

to say something that will be helpful As I formerly began my organic chem- "... WITH and edifying to you. istry lectures each fall at Utah State

class bring University, I used to in this heard I have to my my brethren

It box. sermetal a small rectangular speak, these ALL THY conferenceAs marvelous

GETTING mons, which have moved me at times a breadbox, painted green, and aswasI

GET tofeelingtears,ofhaveresponsibilitymade me consciousthey haveoftriedthe broughtand put theit onboxthe intolectern,the Ilecturewould roomturn

UNDERSTANDING"to implant in our hearts. After all, we it so that the students could see written

have been chosen for a great and a on the front of it "BREAD,"and that

Theodore M. Burton noble purpose. We are a chosen people, aroused their curiosity. Every fall some

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve—ina peoplefact,set apart,foreordained—forblessed, and ordaineda very studenting "Whywouldthe accommodatebread, Dr. Burton?"me by Andaskspecial responsibility. Therefore, we that would give me my cue to answer,

My brothers and sisters, I am conscious must take this responsibility very "This is the 'bread of life'of organic at this time of the responsibility that seriously and realize that we were not chemistry."This made them curious to

rests upon me. I pray that your faith chosen nor set apart to rule, but chosen know what I had in the box—sandmight be exercised in my behalf that and set apart to serve, to be the servants wiches, cake, cookies, or perhaps actualit might come to me as a wave of of all with whom we come in contact. ly bread for a chemical experiment.

438 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "I was on vacation in Arizona when I had an accident.

service from Farmers The Farmers man met me right away at the garage and FAST immediately made all the arrangements for repairs.

:.;..,:;:;: -.:

M.E.T.* South Gate, California

FAIR FRIENDLY PLUS LOW RATES

settlement of claims people at your side "After this experience, I'm sold on "There was severe damage "Throughout the whole Farmers. My policy not only gave

to my car—$700 worth. proceeding, I was impressed me the coverage I needed, it also saved

Just as soon as the repairs with the friendly, helpful me over $40 a year on my auto insurhad been completed, I received attitude of everyone connected ance. Then, too, that fine Farmers

a check for the full amount. with Farmers. It certainly service doesn't cost a penny extra."

It was paid quickly and was a pleasure to do business willingly. with them. "name on request

NOW ONE LOW COST LIABILITY POLICY

PROTECTS OWNERS OF SMALL BUSINESSES

Specially packaged for retail, service and professional businesses. Combines coverages of several policies in one comprehensive package. Eliminates costly overlapping and Farmers AUTO LIFE FIRE TRUCK

dangerous gaps in coverage. Protects you against practically

every normal business hazard—including bodily injury and Auto Insurance

property damage. It also protects against possible financial For rates...ca// disaster resulting from customer or employee lawsuits. For

specific rates, call your neighborhood Farmers Insurance Farmers Insurance Group

Group agent today!

JUNE 1961 439 Later on in the lecture, I opened the (1 Sam. 3:10.) And soon, all Israel "But the people who knoweth not the

hox and showed them what was in it. from Dan to Beersheba, knew that law are cursed."(John 7:4549.)

They were amazed to see that the box Samuel was a prophet of God. In other words, they were cursing

was filled with tinkertoys. Yes, the When, later on, the great King Saul those who believed the Son of God. In

box was filled with balls and sticks and became disobedient and had to be set the pride of their learning they were tight coils of stiff wire. In fact, they aside and replaced, Samuel, in his old not humble enough to believe, and

looked just like baby's playthings, and age, because the Lord told him to go God could not use such people. They

when youngsters came into my laborato the house of Jesse, would have chosen had ears, but they could not hear.

tory, and I had to amuse them, I would Eliab. But when he would have chosen They had eyes, but they could not see.

actually let them play with these as Eliab, the Lord said to Samuel, "... And so it was that God promised that

toys. The only difference between these Look not on his countenance, or on the in the last days he would restore all

toys and ordinary tinkertoys was that height of his stature, because I have things of the kingdom, and just as the thecolors—green,balls had been painted various refused him: for the Lord seeth not as Lord had promised, he had to fulfil.white—and thatred,theblue,holes purple,drilled inblack,the wardman seeth;appearance,for manbutlookeththe Lordon thelookethoutSothe itpromisecame timehe hadfor madethe Lordand torestorekeep

balls were drilled at very precise angles. on the heart."(Ibid., 16:7.) all things, but he needed someone on

tinkertoy units use these earth could Chemists he trust. He needed someAbinadab, seven So Shammah—all

construct teach. organicto could models of complex one he of then sons Jesse were passed over, and

compounds. When I wanted to lecture, the Lord told Samuel to choose David, Why didn't he take the learned,

for instance, on carbohydrates to show the shepherd lad, for he was obedient trained theologians of that day—men

students the structure of sugar or the enough to listen. David was teachable, trained in the ministry? For the same

structure of starch or cellulose, I used reason, brothers and sisters, that many these tinkertoy models to illustrate times he cannot use some of us because molecular structure. Or when I lectured we will not listen or we cannot listen.

on proteins and had to show them the Now hear the words of the Lord:

structure of the amino acids or how "But behold, verily I say unto you, that these were put together to form protein there are many who have been ordained

I have called, butmolecules, I used these balls and sticks MT. RAINIER among you, whom

and pieces of wire to show how the BY BEULAH HUISH SADLEIR few of them are chosen.

molecule was built and constructed. "They who are not chosen have sinned

internationally I once heard an to lecture known Breath of summer, walkinga very grievousin darknesssin, in atthatnoonday."they arechemist us on the structure

of enzymes. He used just exactly these Sight of sea (D&C 95:5-6.)

tinkertoys, building first one part and While twilight rests And that is just exactly what many then another part, and putting the On its majesty: of us do, when the gospel is so light

parts together until he finally showed Plaited crevasses and so bright around us that a child us exactly the thing that he wanted to Gird its face, could see. Many times we close our

demonstrate. Now, wouldn't it be ridicGlaciered ribbons eyes and close our ears and will not

ulous to criticize a chemist of such With tearful trace see or listen.

all to fulfil time tools simplestature it came used he such because So, when emotion Of earth's simple a choose things, as ideas childish hisor to had Lord because regard spent. Heavily

illustrate humble to tinkertoy models usedhe Smith—oneto boy—Josephthe it in Bathes to to listen, God, obedient one ideas?his beautyfarmerenough

It is the use that determines the value Heaven sent. one who would not rely on his own wisof a thing—on the one hand, a child's dom, but who would be willing to learn

plaything, but on the other hand a useand to obey.

ful tool in the hands of a highly trained, Now, these Godchosen men that I competent scientist. A wise man looks have mentioned were not ignorant men.

untrained, and were plain men tool.at the the A simple They results—not

I say, a learned Smith, was but Josephtool in a skilled the hands of craftsman would be a marvelous thing. On the and so he became a useful tool in the man, as were those who have followed

other hand, the finest of hand tools, or hands of the Lord. him in that office. A learned man is

even a machine tool, in the hands of Why was John the Baptist chosen to one well informed, one who knows the a clumsy oaf would be valueless. be the Elias to announce Jesus Christ? truth, one who has great knowledge,

Now, speaking of tools, God did not There were twentyeight high priests in one who has learned the truth by hesitate to use simple tools wherever Jerusalem between the years B.C. 37 instruction and by study and by

he had to. We are the tools of God, and A.D. 68. yet not one of these experience.

and God has had to use men wherever learned, highly trained, capable men Now, Joseph was instructed of God, he found them and as he found them. was chosen. And why was not Annas and the greater the teacher, the greater

But the question comes to one's mind, chosen or his sonin-law, Joseph the pupil may become. So Joseph, who

Why didn't God, for instance, speak to Caiaphas? Read their own judgment was instructed of God, became a very,

Eli, for Eli was at that time the prophet recorded in the words of the scriptures very learned man. These men we susand high priest in ancient Israel? But when they sent officers to arrest Jesus, tained at this conference as prophets,

Eli could not or would not do as he "Then came the officers to the chief seers, and revelators, because they have was told. He had two sons, Hophni priests and Pharisees; and they said been instructed of God, can instruct us,

and Phinehas. They were heirs to the unto them, Why have ye not brought if we will but listen and open our

priesthood, but they were profligate and him? hearts.

wicked, and Eli could not or did not "The officers answered, Never man I make no plea for ignorance, brothers control them. spake like this man. and sisters. I do not speak against

Thus, the Lord had to choose some- "Then answered them the Pharisees, education, formal training, or formal one else. He chose a small lad, and Are ye also deceived? learning. I do not urge our people to

as God called, "Samuel,"Samuel an- "Have any of the rulers of the Pharireject a university education. I do not

swered: "Speak, for thy servant heareth."sees believed on him? believe that mere possession of a doctor's

440 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The magnificent GOLD PLATE EDITION of the Book of Mormon, the fulness of the everlasting Gospel indelibly engraved on golden unbreakable vinyl records... to provide you with lifelong spiritual

sustenance. More and more LDS

families are finding a renewed understanding and love for this great scripture through this wonderful set of records. To the many families

who will acquire the GOLD PLATE

EDITION of the Book of Mormon during the month of June, the Columbia Research Group is happy to present an unusual but most valuable gift.... Guaranteed Lifetime

Replacement Service—

SPIRITUAL TEMPORAL FOOD With your purchase of the GOLD

PLATE EDITION of the Book of Morstarts your complete alBook of Mormonmon, you receive, with no extra brings your AND 90 bum charge, this famed PermaPak Family gift Survival Kit into

Survival Food Kit. Feeds one person your home.for 3 weeks... a family of 6 for 72 S19

hours. Retailing for $11.95, this

PermaPak Kit is NOT simply minimum survival rations... it's 54 Mail to: COLUMBIA RESEARCH GROUP

nutritious, DELICIOUS meals... noth3600 Market Street, Salt Lake City 4, Utah

ing to add but water. Will keep for Send me the complete Book of Mormon Album and my gift

years. Supplement your own storage Survival Kit. Enclosed $69.90*.

plan. Perfect for camping, too! 3 Send me the first three (3) records of the Book of Mormon,

boxed in the album, and my gift Survival Kit. I agree to

pay $5.00 per month for 1 1 months. Upon receipt of my

monthly payments, Columbia Research Group agrees to send two (2) additional records. Upon receipt of my final

payment of $5.00 I will receive the remainder of records to

complete my Book of Mormon. Enclosed $19.90*.

Name

Address

City State

*Utah residents add 21/2% sales tax.

JUNE 1961 441 TOPS E reliable.degree makesTo thea mancontrary,spirituallyI speak unas

our Church leaders have always spoken.

Get all the formal learning you can afford. Remember this, brothers and

sisters, we cannot teach what we do not know. Get all the formal learning

you can possibly afford, and if possible get a terminal degree. Believe implicitly

in the word of the Lord as it has come to us. "The glory of God is intelligence, or, in other words, light and

truth."(Ibid., 93:36.)

"Whatever principle of intelligence we attain unto in this life, it will rise with us in the resurrection.

"And if a person gains more knowledge and intelligence in this life through his diligence and obedience than another, he will have so much the advantage in the world to come."(Ibid.,

130:1819.) "It is impossible for a man to be saved in ignorance."(Ibid., 131:6.)

I see before me wonderful men who have been used in this Church as bishops and stake presidents, members of

Tops for berries... and your breakfast cereal. Tops in preference for canning and freezing - both home high councils and patriarchs, members

and commercial. You can buy other sugar, of course... but none that's finer, or sweeter, or more suitof general boards, highly trained scienIt - fruits flavor brings the full of for every out other use. sweetening and preservingable and of unitists, both and women. men A

I ice drinks to soft And desserts. foods,pleasure candy from and remember: bakery cream and U and I versity believe, education, be would

is in close local for red, distinctive area. your the farmers beet sugar by by own grown made Look intelligent for desirable every and man

I favorite atwhite grocer's. blue your and and... U bag

in speak world, the but I must woman

UTAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPANY salt lake city utah the same warning that Paul spoke: "Beware lest any man spoil you through

philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after Christ."

(Col. 2:8.)

Now, brothers and sisters, I would like stress this to because "rudiments,"word, issionary this is a I think key to this passage.

A rudiment means the beginning of knowledge. A little learning is a dangerous thing, and too many men and

JL/istinetive choice of too many women who have become programs to make the expertsthat becausein a tinytheyfieldare oftrainedlearningin thinkthat farewell complete. The field of learning, they are experts in

missionary's photograph all fields of learning. Many men who

included in folded are welltrained in one limited field program. feel that this equally qualifies them to

express learned opinions in the field.00 for 500 of faith and religion, although many of

nor studying never any done have them per 100 and 85c I So, subjects. these in a class taken or less than 500 for more

plus postage say that the problem is not that they know too much, but that they know too much of what just isn't so. Actually,

The West's Finest they know too little. They have closed

Printers and Binders their minds to anything except the philosophies of men.

Now, brothers and sisters, in our

Church in this day and age, when education is becoming more and more popular and more and more necessary, there is grave danger of intellectual apostasy.

The problem is that of a closed mind, as I see it. Jacob taught this beautifully,

as we read it in the Book of Mormon.

"O that cunning plan of the evil one!

33 RICHARDS ST. O the vainness, and the frailties, and the

EM 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

442 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA foolishness of men! When they are shall cast these things away, and conUniversity stands in big gold letters a

learned they think they are wise, and sider themselves fools before God, and statement taken from the scriptures:

they hearken not unto the counsel of come down in the depths of humility, "Get wisdom, and with all thy getting

God, for they set it aside, supposing he will not open unto them."(Ibid., get understanding."(Prov. 4:7) We must

they know of themselves, wherefore 9:42.) feed the spirit as well as the mind and

their wisdom is foolishness and it profitNow remember, it isn't the simplicity as well as the body. I plead with our

eth them not. And they shall perish. of the tool that determines its value, youth, get learning, and with all your

"But to be learned is good if they but the skill of the workman who uses getting get understanding. Get learning

hearken unto the counsels of God."that tool. God, I am sure, would prefer of the spirit. Get learning of the mind.

(2 Nephi 9:2829.) to use the most skilled, the most able, Get learning of the soul, and become a

That we should emphasize, "To be the besttrained person that he could rounded man or a rounded woman, learned is good."find, but that person must be humble learned in all ways, for I testify to you

What causes intellectual apostasy? and he must be teachable, and he must this day that security, true security,

Why do some learned men and women be willing to learn something new. We, comes from a knowledge of the divinity

turn from the faith? It is not learning, with all our learning, stand just at the of Jesus Christ. This is the beginning

for there are hundreds of us, thousands threshold of things that we need to of all learning and of all wisdom. This

of us, equally welltrained. It isn't know, just at the beginning of wisdom, is the greatest knowledge, the greatest

being exposed to different ideas, for we with the rudiments of wisdom in our learning, the greatest comfort that men too were exposed to these ideas in the hands. As Paul taught, the workman is can have. If men have this knowledge

finest universities of the land. Why, more important than the tool. in their hearts, they can withstand all

then, do they lose their testimony? "For ye see your calling, brethren,"the viscissitudes of life. No trial, no

Principally out of vanity and pride. he said, "how that not many wise men trouble can come, but that a man or a

They want to impress others with their after the flesh, not many mighty, not woman can withstand it. He can rise

learning. To put it indelicately, it is many noble, are called: victorious if he has a love of Christ

the problem of the swelled head, be- "But... God hath chosen the weak and a testimony of his divinity burning

cause that is exactly what the Prophet things of the world to confound the in his heart.

said. things which are mighty; I testify to you that I know that Jesus

"... whoso knocketh,"Jacob said, "... that no flesh should glory in has risen from the dead; that he lives

"to him will he open; and the wise, and his presence. and exists at this present time; that he

the learned, and they who are rich, who "But of him are ye in Christ Jesus, reveals himself, has revealed himself, are puffed up"and that you see is just who of God is made unto us wisdom, and continues to reveal himself to hisexactly what he said—"who are puffed and righteousness, and sanctification, servants, the prophets. I honor and

up because of their learning, and their and redemption."(1 Cor. 1:2627, sustain them, and pledge my loyalty to

wisdom, and their riches—yea, they are 2930.) them, and bear this testimony to you in

they whom he despiseth; and save they Over the library of the Utah State the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Your money's rewarded with important extras when you maintain your account at Western Savings...

FOR where you always get the very most for your savings.

your account now... and get these advantages: WESTERN Open

IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII iiiiiiiiimi

S&YERS Full earnings on your money from the first of the monthI IH! IM II!forMl!lallII i

deposits made by the tenth of the month.

Your account insured to $10,000 by the Federal Savings and

Loan Insurance Corporation.

Western pays the postage both ways when you saveby-mail.

Extra earnings... 4% compounded semiannually.

Hfe i Open your account today.

Use this convenient coupon. T. fpPflNj *(nll|lif.—

WESTERN SAVINGS SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH is my. check. money I 1j1\JM \ Enclosed yy.Tij

J I order for $ Please open a savings account in the name of: )f\ y J Jj Cj ij J

Name

* (if a joint accoum put second name here)

WESTERN SAVINGS AND LOAN COMPANY 'Address

DOWNTOWN OFFICE: 45 EAST FIRST SOUTH

COTTONWOOD OFFICE: 4989 HIGHLAND DRIVE I City State

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH I

JUNE 1961 443 officers of the Bishopric, and members of and of supplying the need for public auxiliary organizations. That is an worship.

epochmaking event in our history! Services will be held one day for the

simple matfurnished appreciate those who ground—a WeSERVE or eighteen entire months this conthroughout singing the breakingter—and ofonetheyearYOUR ference. I know your hearts respond later, a building will be dedicated, fifty

of the cost borne percent was of which of gratitude to expressions heartily mostFELLOW of out themselves people received by the inspiration for the we haveMEN ever since the opening session when the meager earnings, and the principal theirpart

IN LOVE Primarystakes ofTeachers'Utah CountyChorus renderedfrom nineteensuch ofcamethatfromactivityour sistersand thatwho laboredcontributiondiliPresident David O. McKay inspirational singing. They filled the gently and unceasingly to gather the

seats usually occupied by the Tabernecessary means so that the ward will nacle Choir members, and also seats meet its share of the expenses of the

I think it was Thomas Carlyle who said on each side of the gallery. I think erection of the house of worship. God

that one of the most Godlike of virtues you will always remember that solo by bless our sisters, and I say that with is the appreciation of human worth as thirteenyear-old Ronnie Clark. There all my heart.

shown by the hearts of men. I am was some question about having him And now, brethren and sisters, in

sure, at the conclusion of this great, sing, but his voice rang out in such summary, let me emphasize that the inspirational conference, that you would clearness that not only those in this noblest aim in life is to strive to live to have me express your appreciation of the Tabernacle were thrilled, but also thoumake other lives better and happier.

services rendered by all who have consands listening on the radio. The most worthy calling in life is that

tributed to the success and spirituality To the combined choirs of the Logan in which man can serve best his fellow of our four days'conference. Institute of Religion and the Utah State man.

First, to the General Authorities, we University we extend our thanks for Browning touches that great theme express deep appreciation for the intheir singing on Saturday morning and in his poem, "Paracelsus."You students,

spirational messages you have given to afternoon. We never have a group of remember how Paracelsus started out to

us, and in that expression we express young people filling these choir seats gain knowledge for himself, even gratitude to our Father in heaven for without being thrilled, not only by though it took him away from the having inspired each one who has their singing, but also by their presence people themselves. His friend Festus

spoken. and their attitude towards religious warned him not to withdraw from the

To the public press, you reporters and matters. people, but Paracelsus concluded that

your fair and accurate reports throughThe Men's Chorus of the Tabernacle he would gain learning at the expense out the sessions of the conference, your Choir Saturday night—what a thrill of anybody or anything, and when

devotion and your attendance at all the they gave us, and always do, at that Festus cautioned him, he said:

services during the day or evening inspirational gathering! We were also

sessions. thrilled with the tenor solo by Brother

Wc appreciate the cooperation of the Dennis Clancy of Dundee, Scotland, "Festus, are there not two experiences city officials and commend especially singing, "I Know That My Redeemer in the life of a diver, for officers Lives."traffic so carehandlingthe a beggar, he prepares to One—when, traffic; I think the increasedfully the never Today, heard we have and ably plunge, "Hallelujah as the sung the Chorus"fire department Red Cross, you and who

have been on hand to render assistance heard the Tabernacle Choir render that One—when, a prince, he rises with his

and service whenever and wherever their beautiful and inspiring oratorio at the pearl?

service would be needed. conclusion of this morning's session. We Festus, I plunge."

To the Tabernacle ushers, who have thank the leaders and officers of the rendered a service quietly and efficiently choir and especially you men and in seating the great audiences of these women who devote so much of your And his friend standing by said: "We

conference sessions. I noticed one in the time and give so freely of your means to await you when you rise."

gallery and his courtesy in the way he inspire not only the entire Church, but Years later, after Paracelsus had failed handled one who rendered a little also now the whole world. in his efforts to find the soul satisfacdisturbance. We acknowledge the flowers—the tion he sought, Festus found him in a

We mention especially the radio and daffodils from Puyallup Valley Daffodil conjurer's house, and Browning puts television officers and officials—twentyCompany, the calla lilies from the high into his mouth the following: "There

seven television and eighteen radio stapriests'quorum of the OaklandBerkeley is an answer to the passionate longings tions throughout our own city and the Stake, the ten thousand sweet peas from of the human heart for fulness, and I nation have carried the sessions of this the Mesa (Arizona) Eleventh Ward; knew it, and the answer is this: Live in

conference. This has been the means and all others who have contributed in all things outside yourself by love, and

of permitting untold thousands to hear any way to the success and inspiration you will have joy. That is the life of

the proceedings of the 131st conference of a great and memorable conference. God; it ought to be our life. In Him

of this Church. I should like to say just a word at the it is accomplished and perfect; but in

Friday we had a meeting never held conclusion in expressing appreciation of all created things, it is a lesson learned before in the history of the Church. the worth of man, of the service of the slowly through difficulty."

It was a meeting of officers of stakes members of the Church in building Such is the divine message given to beyond the boundaries of our country. chapels, and in other responses to the the Prophet Joseph Smith in these

Attending this meeting were stake calls that are made of you. I marvel, words: "Remember the worth of souls

presidencies from Australia, New Zeaand I think all members of the Church is great in the sight of God."(D&C

land, Great Britain, and Holland who marvel, as well as those outside of the 18:10.) Such is the philosophy expressed

met and received instructions from Church, at what the members are doing by the Redeemer in the seemingly paramembers of the Council of the Twelve, by way of improving places of worship doxical statement, "Whosoever will lose

444 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA... every emergency11 Jjj for everypurpose W

VV (water) KARIKIT L (land) by PERMAPAK A sensational NEW 8-DAY PERSONAL SURVIVAL KIT

AWL KARIKIT contains: Heat tab's, Water Purification pills, Multiple Vitamins, Nylon rope, Signal

Whistle, Matches, Can Opener, Fish Hook and

Leader, Needlethread-safety pins, Wet nap's, 2- boxes of tissue, Survival booklet, and an eight day supply of food that requires no cooking. The AWL

KARIKIT has been testproven adequate for most survival needs and will maintain a person in energy and good health for eight full days.

An AWL KARIKIT is a Must for "AWL"MEMBERS

OF YOUR FAMILY AWL KARIKIT The "AWL"KARIKIT can be carried under "AWL"conditions:

Private or Commercial Airplanes * Summer homes Just SC95

Private cars Commercial carriers Trailer homes Camp Trailers * Boats Motorcycles F.O.B. Salt Lake5City

Home emergency stores In camping supplies * For the hunter or hiker sealPrice tightincludessteelcontentscase. andPostageeasycarryextra

on mail orders.

Shipping weight—10 lbs.

THE NATION IS PRACTICING FOR A

HiCIVIL DEFENSE ALERT"Are you alert to the survival needs of your family? This Month's

President Kennedy has made clear our national "Civil

Defense"responsibilities. However, each man as the Feature

recognized head of his household must assume full responsibility for the care and protection of his family. Unit No. 5 $8.10 11 lbs.

PERMAPAK is a company specializing in SURVIVAL 3 1-lb. dry whole eggs, 1 gal.

KITS for the individual and the family, and is a major source for LOWMOISTURE, CONCENTRATED, and DErice (white or brown) 1 4-oz. dry

HYDRATED FOODS for STORAGE. yeast.

PERMAPAK has a STORAGE PLAN FOR YOUR FAMILY.

For orders or complete information send to: til

3106 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah - Phone IN 7-9479 rtRMA PERMA PAK

Food Storage Specialists

JUNE 1961 445 his life for my sake shall find it."of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterare true followers of the Master, for to

(Matthew 16:25.) day Saints. To establish salvation and those who have the Christian faith, the

The meaning of this becomes clear peace to the extent of their individual most sublime of its teachings, and to in the light of another passage which efforts, their lives are dedicated. To him who penetrates its deepest sense,

says: "Inasmuch as ye have done it make the world a better or a safer or the most human of all is this: To save

unto one of the least of these my breth- a fitter place for man, their talents and mankind, God came to dwell among us ren, ye have done it unto me."(Ibid., means are consecrated. in the form of man and was willing to

25:40.) Just to be associated with you, with make himself known by this simple

To no other group of men in all men striving toward such an aim, is though glorious principle, Love.

the world is given a better opportunity joy; and to assist you in this quest, an The animal world is filled with

to engage in the noblest calling in life inspiration. Unselfishly you are trying selfishness, each thing seeking its own

than that which is afforded the elders to serve your fellow men in love. You life, its own perpetuation. But Christ

lived for love. "... love the Lord thy

God with all thy might, mind, and strength, and thy neighbour as thyself."

(See Mark 12:3031.)

God bless the elders and our sisters, who, if not with perfect love, at least with a desire to bring joy and peace to others, are engaged in the noblest calling

of true followers the are! Teachers,

all, of our the great As to ultimate answers... ofTeacher,life. Worthy servants of Christ you Exemplar

RICHARD L. EVANS greaterRedeemer,than ourthis Lord.noble work,Therenoneis morenone

righteous. Yours is the joy promised by

These are days when men earnestly are searching the Savior, who said: "And if it so be

for answers. And so perplexing are the problems, that you should labor all your days in

THE this superficial people, situation. that repentance crying answers unto won't and satisfy the SPOKEN

soul unto it be one bring, save me, how It is or surface a matter of temporal more than WORD considerations. It comes down to a question of great shall be your joy with him in the

of Father! kingdom my really they should they from, what be, where are, what men came

if great joy will your be now, "And all Is are going, is? here. they are they where there time why that soul brought have you with one

Is eternity Is there Is time? personality the perpetuated? beyond Father, into the kingdom unto of my me

love and companionship of loved ones something we can count on how great will be your joy if you should beyond the limits of this life? Will we hereafter really recognize bring many souls unto me!"(D&C

family and friends? Are men immortal in the literal, substantive 18:1516.)

sense—or is immortality only a manner of speaking—such as living That is the word of the Lord.

in our descendants, or such as the service or influence which is God sanctify this wonderful conferforever felt? And why are such questions important? Why can't ence to the good of all who have liswe live life as it comes from day to day and cease our concern tened in, and through you who are

as to ultimate answers? One reason we can't is because what we present, your households and your young

are—or what we think we are—largely determines how we live, boys and girls who have not heard, but

what we do with life. He who thinks there is no immortality, no who will feel your influence in your

accountability, no continuance, no heaven, no hereafter, is likely own homes.

to live a different life from him who believes in a literal and May the homes of the Church everyloving eternal Father, who sent us here and expects us to return where be better because of this conto account for what we did with the opportunities we have here. ference than they have been in the

What men think they are, what they believe about life and its past, and be an example to the whole of during majority great a world, whom its its length, objective, ultimate purpose, separates in them many their last years forty minds had have the essentials. as to conviction a things concerning some Now we

refalse that ideology a poisoned by on, including conviction can count a the concerning Christ—Jesus

Father, the jects of existence the God live, that die, that did that did third did rise he he the again he of divinity to the refuses acknowledge that all day; did the of break he assure of death us bonds and

Christ, destroy his and would Jesus Son life: everlasting this not has in assurance, deceived us and God

life, of foundation the very the home its in creation this holds course he us given that has who we children the taking future and our by can count on. This was the mission and message of the Master, making them members of the state inof the Savior and Redeemer of mankind. This was the cause of his stead of leaving them with their mothers

coming. And we would witness this day his divinity and the literal and fathers.

reality of his resurrection, as with our loved ones we move on to With all the power that we possess, a literal, personal everlasting life, toward the answers and the we bless you, members of the Church of peace we so much seek, with a conviction we cannot deny, as Jesus Christ. May the power and the

it in said Job this characterized these wonderful words: "I know that my reinspiration that have

1 liveth."deemer including last night's great conference,

great priesthood meeting, go to every

JJob 19:25. corner of the earth where there is a

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the branch or where a family lives, I pray,

Columbia Broadcasting System, April 2, 1961. Copyright 1961. in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

446 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "s Z OKM

..and k)k

You want this beginning to be

perfect, but it need not be expensive: /v

enchanting lace and nylon I ft \"\/ ll I I./'

gown, 55.00; fingertip veil, 12.98 |vt

ZCMI BRIDE'S SHOP -Second Floo

Bride's Shop, second floor - gown, trousseau, complete wedding planning

Wedding Gift Registry, third floor - household trousseau, shower suggestions

Home Decorating Studio, third floor - lovely X;;

surroundings, whatever your brand new budget

ZCMI, storewide - everything for nest-"feathering, housewares to imported gifts %.. **4r sV < '/

Save $50.00 Now!

KEYSTONE K-7 DELUXE ZOOM MOVIE CAMERA Fully Automatic, Electric Eye Smooth zoom control—coupled with

viewfinder. Manual control for special

effects. Builtin "A"filter. Film speeds

from ASA 1040. Fast fl.8 sets itself

... indoors or out. Try it!

Was $149.50 SQQ50 a NOW ONLY

Nothing Down

Only $1.50 Wk.

Come In, Phone or Order by Mail Salt Lake City: 155 S. Main—273 S. Main—2190 Highland Dr.

Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.; Provo: 161 W. Center Street

Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

JUNE 1961 447 Truth is stranger than Fiction B To pick up an old friend, as he considers the Era City, Utah, and the collection may now be seen at to be, and to find on the March (1961) cover a the Brigham City Art Center.

photograph of the same scene that he had reproduced While serving in Sweden, Elder Sorensen fell and in oils, is the experience of E. J. Sorensen of Mar broke five ribs. In the weeks of recuperation that

Vista, California, who is pictured with his wife, left, followed, he started to paint, beginning with pencil, and his niece, Rella Manwaring, of Boise, Idaho, charcoal, crayons, and water color. He tried working

together with his rendition of that old home in with oil, after meeting the noted Swedish oil painter,

St. Johns, Arizona, and two of his prizewinning George Thompson. Brother Sorensen 's first oil was of

oil paintings. the small LDS Church building in Halsingborg,

He says these are some of the "good things that Sweden. Soon there were copies of that first oil.

have come into my life because of the hobbies I Before he returned home from his mission, he held developed during the time I was active in the stake an auction, and about fifty of his paintings were sold.

MIA."(He was a longtime stake Era director and The branch at Halsinborg received the proceedswas always at or near the top in subscription drives.) enough for carpets, davenports, chairs, a new bapHe collected oil paintings for ten years, and then tismal font, and many other things for their building.

in 1957, he was called with Mrs. Sorensen to fill a Since returning to his Mar Vista home he has been

mission in Sweden. They gave their four hundred very busy—painting, exhibiting, speaking, winning

picture collection to their old home ward in Brigham awards for his paintings, and working in his ward MIA.

DAWN AFTER RAIN

BY MIRLA GREENWOOD THAYNE

Too beautiful for words this freshened earth! Now, with the dawn,

So still the stillness; so subdued the dawn! The leaden clouds, all spent,

Yield to the aqueous splendor of the sun.

Last night, the rain lashed down in shredded sheets, The foliage, bowed to earth as to repent,

Silvertoned, singing through the muted dark, Emerges clean and chastened, penance won.

Bubbling the puddles, bending low the grass, A single robin ventures to the lawn,

Trembling the leaves, while varnishing the bark, To chant the confirmation of the dawn.

Drumming and strumming, rampant, unrestrained;

All night in wild abandonment, it rained. Earth, I can only fling my heart to you.

So much of beauty here—of words too few!

448 THE IMPROVEMENT EH A

I Remember Brigham Young Young, the Man of the Hour, I came God in History across his own words in regard to (Continued from page 385) this subject. In one of his sermons ( Continued from page 381

"Nevertheless,"said I, "you have he made this statement: order of events.

it to do. Someday you must write "I will relate a little of my course During periods of general peace

that book about your father, and and experience in my family. I have and success men have a tendency to

I'll be glad to help you with it."a large family of children, many of forget God or to interpret good

The time came, when in working them small, and yet I do not think fortune as evidence of their own over her manuscript, I came across that you ever saw even four children righteousness and of God's favor. In

a statement in one of her chapters in one family live together with so times of danger, depression, and in which she said that she had never little contention. Watch them, and failure, they either cherish the hope

heard her father speak a harsh word their conduct will prove that there is that God by divine intervention will to one of his children. I said to her: a good spirit influencing them. I set things right, or they interpret

"Mother, I think you have fornever knew one of them to be accimisfortune as evidence of their sin gotten. I don't believe any man dentally hurt, without more symand God's retribution upon them.

could be the father of such a large pathy being extended to that one Yet, the deeper insight of Jesus family without having occasion to than the whole of them needed. seems to be borne out in observation

speak harshly at times to some of You may ask how I manage to bring that the sun does shine on the just his children. You mustn't try to this result. I seldom give a child a and the unjust alike, and that the

make your father a perfect man, or cross word; I seldom give a wife a natural order is no respecter of perit won't be a good biography. There cross word; and I tell my wives never sons. Also, retribution of the wicked

was only one perfect man, you know, to give a child cause to doubt their seems slow and frequently never who ever lived on this earth. Your word."overtakes in history some of the

father was a great man with great My mother has said in speaking worst offenders of divine law. So

gifts, but being human he must have of her father: "The world knows in the circumstances of life we are

had some great faults."Brigham Young as a statesman and brought again and again to the ques-

"Well,"she said, "I do not mean colonizer, but to his children he was tion of God's participation in the to imply that we were perfect chilan ideal father—kind to a fault, processes of history.

dren who never needed correction tender, thoughtful, just, and firm. In a general way, the Latterday

or discipline. All I can say is that He spoke but once and none were so Saint point of view on this question

I never heard him speak harshly to daring as to disobey. That his contrasts radically with the comone of us in front of the others."memory is almost worshipped by all mon view of traditional Christianity.

About two weeks after this conwho bear his name is an eloquent There are some points upon which versation, mother invited all of her tribute to his character. None of all Christians agree. To be a Chrisliving brothers and sisters to her us feared him; all of us adored him."tian means the rejection of some

home; and after dinner repeated the Brigham Young considered chilideas, for example; that history is

conversation I had had with her dren as persons to be loved and meaningless"; that it is nothing more

regarding the statement which I cherished and guided; not as posthan the succession of natural biohave quoted above. Then she asked sessions to be punished or played logical processes; that it is a futile

each one of them in turn if he ever with as suits the whim or the physicycle the course of which is run heard his father speak harshly to cal condition of the parents at the endlessly by consecutive civilizaone of the other children. Not one moment. Never were his children tions; that God is a disinterested

of them answered in the affirmative. made to feel insecure or unloved. spectator unconcerned with what

Some of them said that they had Children to him were persons as happens in the course of human memories of being disciplined by distinct and independent as any of events. To be a Christian means

their father as they needed it, but the neighbors or friends of the famgenerally the acceptance of the idea he never did it in front of anybody ily, and they were treated as such. that in one way or another history is

else. He never gave them the They had rules to follow and were the disclosure of God's purposes, that

humiliation of correcting or puntaught to respect the rights of others, while men come and go, God is a ishing them before the other children but they had rights and privileges constant factor which the moveor before the family or strangers. He which were theirs and which the ment of time does not alter.

took them aside, then or later, and children themselves were to develop That God is aware of and conin his kind, fatherly way told them under the guidance of wise and lovcerned about the difficulties of the what he felt they had coming to ing parents. world is generally accepted by Christhem in the way of correction or One of his practices was: "No tians. Disagreement arises over the

discipline. So I had to let her origchild should ever be punished while question of how God acts in history.

inal statements remain in the book, the parent is angry. The parent There are those Christians who hold

which was later published as The should wait until he is calm and over that God works in history to save

Life Story of Brigham Young by his the annoyance or anger which might man from the world. There are

daughter Susa Young Gates. have been caused by a thoughtless others who believe that God works

Many years later while I was or even intentional act of a small in history to save man in the world.

gathering data for a brief history of child, who has to learn slowly how The first view represents, generally his life and times, called Brigham to control his own temper and acts."speaking, the traditional Christian

JUNE 1961 449 A TOTAL ELECTRIC position, the theological expression exceptions, such a view has charof which is found in the doctrines acterized much of the Christianity of predestination, the fall as unacof the past. This may explain why

countable folly, the total depravity many Christians, both of the past of man, and salvation by grace alone. and the present, have accepted the

God in this view is an absolute, timeexisting order of society, however less Being who arbitrarily saves some evil, with little interest and less efand condemns others. The matter fort in its reform. Patchwork imof salvation is completely in the provements have been tried from

hands of God, who by election and time to time. But as God was the

grace reaches down from eternity, only one really capable of reconas it were, and lifts man out of time structing the world, and as he was and history back into eternity. Thus unconcerned to do so, there was

salvation is not a process which, even partially, takes place in history. It

is accomplished by God as he breaks BRIGHT STORM BROKEN across the line of history through BY FRANCES HALL the instrumentality of unmerited love. has Merit world is yellow and blue and little or no place in The

salvation. of this concept

scarlet, This view produces pessimism as Vivid with pigeon wings.

of this to the future It gives world. The world is jeweled with myriad

rise this life to that the idea is at rainbows; wonderful A new best nothing than more an unforopulent world is paved with The to live to tunate necessary though prelude way sapphires;

life limits the future and hence God's And my heart sings. activity interest deliverto the and

ance of men from this world. So, The air has the fragrance of trellised

as generations flow of men down roses, UTAH LIGHT POWER & is indifferCO. the of time, stream God with the scent that brief rain Rich Buy from your dealer now external of ent to the conditions

brings. their voyage. Whether they be The air is a silence that waits for slaves or free men, whether they music

or war, whether be at peace the larks climb high in the curvthey be As or wealth in poverty is no concern KEEP HIM radiance, ing his, interof simply because he is And my heart sings. HEALTHY! in their souls, his ested onlv and

Stone grind your lift is sufficient flour hours to of a begrace out few them color For and fragrance and joy in fore baking bread situations. these of temporal any rolls and an... sunlight the

to inexpensive way progress, the Therefore, only the nutrition get sings. more heart My

is is diet. salvation only that Vitainto your meaningful

lost are mins by the "vertical"progress of the indiin oxidation a matter of days. Eat vidual whereby he enters an otherprocessed pure wheat

by you! Avoid chemworldly bliss. Any social progress nothing man could do. The tragic

ical additives. "horizontally"along the line of hisresult of this lack of faith in the

INVEST IN A tory, any progressive development possibility of collective progress has of the kingdom on earth is imposresulted in the growth of conditions

LEE HOUSEHOLD sible. This view is held to be valid which have seemed to warrant the

FLOUR MILL not only on the basis of empirical lack of faith. And thus belief and

Automatic observation, but also because it is practice have periodically revolved

Portable Electric the true expression of the Christian in a vicious circle.

Economical message. Among the theological doctrines

Order today! Typical of this view is the followassociated with the concept of hisChoice of 4 mills. ing statement: "Some people hold tory under consideration are the docprices! forWrite

Save on introducthat Christianity has failed. The trines of the total depravity of man

offer.tory flour with reason why they hold such a position and salvation by grace alone. A couponSend

orcheck money is because they completely misundercorollary of these doctrines, which for 5-lb.order

pkg., stone stand the meaning and purpose of have direct bearing on this interpreground day Christianity. They see Christianity's tation of history, is the assumptionshipped.

failure in the existence of war, povthat the soul and its salvation are

LEE ENGINEERING CO.

Milwaukee 1, Wis. erty, and slums. These things have independent of the environmental

Lee Engineering Company, Dept. IE-6-61 nothing to do with the success or conditions of the world.

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 1, Wis. failure of Christianity because Christ It is generally held that the de-

.... Flour, 5-lb. pkg. $1.50 Smith ppd. Only Deaf was interested in souls, not in slums."pravity of all men is in no way a reFlour, 5-lb. Minn. pkg. ppd. $1.00 j..... Wis. Only

Name While there have been important sult of any environmental influence

Street I

City State |

450 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

THIS YEAR, PLAN TO SEE

AN HISTORICAL MUSICAL DRAMA

Starring Igor Gorin as Brigham Young..

ALL FACES WEST"is a musical drama by Helen and Roland Parry, tracing the historic trek of the Mormon Pioneers from

Nauvoo, Illinois to the Great Salt Lake Valley. It is an

American story... It is a story of American people portrayed

in the beauty of devotionaltype music that all people of this great country understand. It is a story of a great mass

migration... the happy days and the sad days...

the struggles... the hardships encountered and

conquered... the settlement of a forsaken, desolate wasteland

destined to one day "Blossom as a Rose"... Both historical

and timely, it is a beauh'ful story wonderfully portrayed.

Presented under the stars at Ogden, Utah

July 21, 22, 23, 8:30 p. m.

CAST OF OVER 350... T. Leonard Rowley, Director... Dr. Frederick Davis, Musical Director

Adult Gen. Adm., $1.50—Reserved Seats, $2.00—Children, 50c

Write Ogden Pioneer Days, Municipal Bldg., Ogden, Utah, for tickets... State

date desired... make checks payable to Ogden Pioneer Days.

ZIONS

FIRST NATIONAL BANK Your bank in Salt Lake City

You can count on your bank in Salt Lake City for that extra measure of security, sound responsible management, substantial reserves and, in addition, all accounts are insured to $10,000 by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

You can deposit or withdraw by mail anywhere in the world, with the bank's postagepaid envelopes. To open an account,

just fill out and mail the coupon below.

ZIONS FIRST NATIONAL BANK

102 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah Please open a savings account in name(s) below. I have enclosed

$ in check or money order as my initial deposit.

name NAME. JOINT ACCOUNTS)

ADDRESS.

CITY ZONE STATE.

Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

JUNE 1961 451 CjkjJudWHEN YOU DixiMmfiMEAN FOREVER "Satisfaction Guaranteed or upon them, but is the direct result thev neither aid nor hinder its salvaYour Money Back"of the fall, which involved the tion. God is simply not concerned

You will pay considerably loss of sanctifying grace, which only about the world as such.

less (as much as 50% less) for can be restored to man by a free This brings us to the Latterday your Celestial Diamond, and gift from God. The restoration and Saint view of God's activity in history. gift that this of retention Saints Latterday believe of grace is what will receive a writtenyou

in interested It is to held, in saving saved. it means be God is man guarantee as the Deseret as well

certain is intertherefore, as as the that well world while from God CompanyDiamond DIAMOND of in the aspects the ested world. cares soul the Saving he of man, identifies your whichGRAPH

is it little is for to political, important, or nothing the about world be cut, weight, caratstone as to color and clarity. economic, and social conditions in the future abode of those who reach

which the soul finds itself, and that the highest degree of salvation. HoldBOOKLET: FJ?EE whatever these conditions mav be ing this view, they believe that grace

*WRITE TODAY FOR "WHAT YOU SHOULD

KNOW BEFORE YOU BUY A DIAMOND"

DESERET DIAMOND i*> "It's life that matters. COMPANY

P.O. Box 22 - Salt Lake City, Utah RICHARD L. EVANS

DESERET DIAMOND IS NOW SELECTING

LDS SERVICEMEN AND CAMPUS REPRESENTIn one of his writings, Dostoevsky recalled the INFORMATION. ATIVES. WRITE FOR

poignant remark of a young man who knew he had only a little left of mortal life to live: "... It's

natural to believe,"he said, "that everyone else

We think that you thinks too little of life and is apt to waste it too will never see cheaply, and to use it too lazily, too shamelessly,... It's life

Sprinklers better that matters, nothing but life—the process of discovering, the

engineered than these! t everlasting and perpetual process.... If he's alive he has everyll thing in his power! Whose fault is it he doesn't understand that?"1

If he's alive he has everything! It must follow then that he who

is not alive has nothing. And he who has only mortal life, only

limited life, has too little—because every day he lives brings him

ever nearer to the end of all that means much of anything at all.

It is as Ruskin remarked: "There is no Wealth but Life"2—therefore, the impact of this passage: "Behold, he that hath eternal life

is rich."3 This brings us again to the importance of beliefs, briefly

mentioned last week—the importance of perspective, the importance

of putting important and unimportant things in proper place—for

Sprinklers which what we believe about ourselves, about others, about God, about gently water trees life is of incalculable consequence, for what a man believes, or

Assure lush fruit knows, or thinks he is, or thinks life's purpose is, determines largely... with farming ease! how he lives, and how he lives determines largely what he's likeRAIN BIRD sprinklers are engiincluding the accumulations that represent his efforts and his inneered for fruitful irrigation with a terests. Not to work for the good we believe would be a waste of

minimum of care and maintenance. life. And we well would look to what we do, to what we make, to

overtree underBoth models and sciwhat causes we serve, to all our choices, to the commandments we tree sprinklers are for designed entific water penetration of soil keep, to the love and respect of family and friends, and to the without waste or soaking. reality of our relationship to him who made us in his image and

sprinkler Bird There's a Rain enwho keeps creation in its course, and from whom we have the to particular gineered your meet requirements. See your dealer or assurance that people and personality are eternally perpetuated,

write for free literature. and that hereafter, even as here, we shall know and recognize, in

literal reality, our family and friends—and always be our separate

WESTERN selves. Time is short—but eternity is endlessly long, and "It's life

RAIN BIRD SALES..... is process. that perpetual matters, the everlasting [who. He

Ave. 627 No. San Gabriel

... if is it alive] doesn't everything.... has he Whose fault California Azusa,

understand that?"1

'Fyodor Dostoevsky, from The Idiot.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 2John: D&C Ruskin,6:7. Unto This Last, Sect. 77.

with its new "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Era of Youth Section Columbia Broadcasting System, April 9, 1961. Copyright 1961.

is an ideal gift for 'Teenage young people

452 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is a necessary condition for salvation but not a sufficient condition *** for exaltation. That the grace of God

makes it possible for man to be saved HEW as a sunrise! PROTECTS like armor I

is true, but whether or not he achieves salvation in the sense of ENHANCES with beauty!

personal fulfilment depends also upon his own merit measured in NOW—from the Research Laboratories

terms of the growth and quality of of PRATT & LAMBERT comes his character.

The theological presuppositions underlying this view are quite different from those upon which the traditional view is based. It rejects

the doctrines of predestination and the traditional interpretation of the fall. God is not absolute but allows

man his agency. He has achieved

his exalted status by progressing through time. Man is not totally

depraved, but is individually and HARD, CLEAR, PALE FINISH FOR WOOD socially perfectible. Salvation is not Gives Superlative Performance INSIDE, OUTSIDEsolely a is a process gift of grace but

of moral and spiritual growth.

On the basis of this view, Latternil day Saints take seriously what has been learned in psychology and education about the influence of environment upon the growing personPANELING FLOORS EXTERIORS ality, particularly during the plastic is the durable super clear VARMOR NEW,age of childhood. that exTOTALLY Knowing

and Satin luster. wood. Gloss can best finish you use onternal their conditions leave mark

upon men, believing that salvation UP TO 100% more durable than conventional finishes is won in large part through merit, on floors, paneled walls, siding, furniture—any interior

they refuse to accept the belief that FURNITURE or exterior wood surface, including boats.

God is unconcerned about the world. HARDER, more resistant to abrasion than shellac,

On the contrary, it is held that it is lacquer or common varnish. VARMOR also resists

just because God is so greatly interfood acids, cleaners and detergents.

inested the salvation of the human yet wood, dent the that you can RESISTANT SO MAR thatsoul disinterested he cannot be easily. Dries crack. Flows chip or on won't VARMORin the external of conditions soul. the finish. glasslike to a quickly MARINE USE

isIt because interested in God is souls that he must be interested in slums. It does make a difference to

the salvation of the soul if it is born into conditions prejuof congealed Surround LyourSelt With (L5eauiudice and cases hate, which in many make it impossible for men to love their neighbors as themselves. It

does nuke a difference to the salvaPRATT & LAMBERT PAINT and VARNISHES tion of the soul if it is born into conditions of poverty and the absence IMPERIAL WASHABLE WALLPAPERS of opportunity, which starve the body and cheat the spirit of its right WALLTEX to growth and fulfilment.

It is therefore held that the conLADY HAMILTON MIRRORS ditions of life do make a difference not only to the present, but also to the future status of the soul. For SALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO.

this reason, led to participate God is in the historical process by inspiring "Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area"men and cooperating with them in 330 East 4th South Salt Lake City, Utah their efforts to improve the world's conditions. Hence God's activity in—See your local Pratt & Lambert dealer—

JUNE 1961 453 IT'S history is not merely a matter of fluence the moral and spiritual deROBBINS TRAVEL INTL. fishingtime. Itmenis a outmatterof ofthehisstreamenteringof velopmentThe instrumentof men. of salvation here

FOR THE FINEST IN the temporal process himself through is not alone the automatic device of whatever ways are open to him, grace, lifting men individually and

Carefree Travel helping men to bring to pass the vertically out of the world. The

of of salvation the in the instrument includes his purposes AMERICAN HERITAGE fulfilment interpreted gospel of Christ in terms the progresworld, which embrace

TOUR* sive improvement of man's earthly of its moral and spiritual principles,

HILL CUMORAH environment, including social cuswhich are in reality the laws of

PAGEANT toms, economic policies, and political growth for both the individual

Civil War Memorial institutions, all of which greatly inand society. Individual and social

Eastern Canada 25 Days $278.00

MONTHLY HAWAIIAN TOURS 1 Week- $299.50**

from Salt Lake 2 Weeks **$469.50

CALIFORNIAHAWAII TEMPLE TOUR November 10, 1961 Tour costs same as above.

To have health...ROBBINSX RAVEL

in/kKatifflol RICHARD L. EVANS

14 S. Main—Ph. EL 5-4651—Salt Lake City

Write or call for literature. Last week from Dostoevsky, we cited some poignant

*Agent of Amalgamated Tours. sentences from a young man who had very little left

.. said, life: ". to believe,"It's natural mortal he **Deduct $70.00 for departure from West THE SPOKEN of

Coast. of life,... [but] else "that thinks too little everyone WORD

if he's alive he has everything in his power! Whose

Sears Custom faultan incurableis it he illness,doesn'tthisunderstandsame youngthat?"man1 Fromalso hadthe someperspectivesearchingof

I've I don't care, now to dream... how Decorating thingsno timetotosaybe concerningangry, but. health:... Oh,"O,hownowI used

Service Iutterlylongedalone,to bewithoutturned outlodging,into thewithoutstreetwork,... towithoutbe deserteda crustandof

bread, without relations, without one friend in a great town, hungry, beaten... but healthy... then I would show them."1 This

poignant utterance on the priceless blessing of health has much to suggest that is sobering. Much ill health comes, of course, from

unavoidable misfortune—but some unfortunately comes from neglect, indifference, indulgence, appetites, and harmful habits, avoidable circumstances and situations, and this is more the pity—because

this wonderful physical frame, this wondrous functioning mechanism that God has given, is precious beyond price. What fine line

of function there is between spirit and body, between brain and

Expert Decorating mind and memory, and all else that makes up man, no one fully can

Consultant Service define, nor draw sharp lines of separation, but whatever is temporal, whatever eternal, there should be intelligent use, intelligent care toward keeping healthy, happy, and effectively functioning, withDraperies out cluttering mind or spirit, or physical facilities with what is known not to be good for man. There is an obligation to know the

Upholstery laws of health, so far as we can, and to live temperately, respectfully, gratefully—with prudence and thanksgiving—avoiding anySlip Covers thingresponsiblythat wouldalert. makeIt is usan lessutter thanunwisdomhealthilydeliberatelyalive, less tothando

what would make us less than our healthiest and happiest. And

Carpeting respect and caution and common sense would keep us from indulging or abusing or ignoring the wondrous, finely functioning physical facility that God has given—the only such that we will

Call Sears Roebuck and Co. ever have within the limits of this life.

in Salt Lake City 1Fyodor Dostoevsky, from The Idiot.

EL 5-6651 "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the or Ogden, EX 9-2151 Columbia Broadcasting System, April 16, 1961. Copyright 1961.

454 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This mark tells you a product is made of modern, dependable Steel.

salvation are to be achieved together.

To hold that God is interested alike in the redemption of the individual and the redemption of society does not mean that the progress of either is inevitable. While it is true,

from this point of view, that man is not depraved but is perfectible, and that it logically follows that society likewise is perfectible, it is also true that man is a free agent, and the improper use of his agency may thwart both individual and social progress.

This means that while this view of history is not pessimistic neither is it superficially optimistic. While

there is great hope of achieving the good life, it is not thought that there is a force which is automatically and deterministically bringing about the improvement of society. Progress is

not held to be automatic.

The Latterday Saint view of history holds that the issues of this world are neither wholly under the influence of natural forces nor completely in the hands of men, but that in a real sense the issues of history are in the hands of God. This does

not mean, however, the abrogation of freedom. Freedom, and voluntarism combine in the agency of man

to make possible both failure and success. But the fact that God, who

transcends both nature and man, is How cold is up? We know that outer space can never be colder than minus 459.72 Fahrenworking for the ultimate triumph of heit—that's absolute zero, the point at which all molecular motion ceases. We don't know what

good over evil increases the possibilities of success to the point where coldness like this will do to materials, but we're finding out. Scientists are using a heat exchanger

none think that ultimate failure is in to produce temperature as low as minus 443 Fahrenheit. They test materials in this extreme

store for the world. With God on cold and see how they perform. Out of such testing have already come special grades of USS

his side, man feels certain of final steels that retain much of their strength and toughness at—50 or below; steels like USS "T-1"

success. Constructional Alloy Steel, TriTen High Strength Steel, and our new 9% Nickel Steel for CryoThe greatest force in history here genics applications. And the heat exchanger to produce the—443 Fahrenheit is Stainless Steel!

is the inspiration derived the from—

life it No other material could do the job as well. Look around. You'll see steel in a lot of places teachings of and Jesus. While

is not denied that there is an getting ready for the future. USS, "T-1"

apocalyptic element in Jesus'teachand TRITEN are registered trademarks ing, the phrase "The kingdom of US) United States Steel

God"is recognized as a social concept which may be realized in history. The optimism of this interpretation of history is to be found

in the confidence of Jesus when he \1 it spoke of the kingdom as a presentreality. The idea of the kingdom BURNED OUT

as already stated was based upon REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY the religious aspect of the doctrine, i.e., the influence of God upon men, A fire may mean you are out of a place to live,

and this influence was independent with tremendous added expense before you find of the supernatural conditions which another.

were the framework of Jewish Let us explain your need for ample insurance apocalypticism. a not Jesus was to cover today's higher values.

pessimist. not hopewas The world

lessly lost, because he knew that

God was at work in it, and because UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

JUNE 1961 455 he had faith in men. Jesus'work ly realize the life of the kingdom

was therefore not only one of here and now.

proclaiming the coming of the kingThe fact that men have not redom, but his also was the work of sponded sufficiently to bring about founding the kingdom and leading the fulfilment of the original Chrismen into it for the formation of a tian movement should not dampen brotherhood that would progressivethe hope that such a fulfilment is

Fruit- (iiThe time that is yet thine...?i FreshFormerly FRUITFREEZE

Easy "nofailure"way to freeze or can your fruits RICHARD L. EVANS

Stops discoloration and protects natural fruit flavor exist, to the to not to and amount be occupied, fruit salads fresh for "Not Keeps self all thing. the give one's must same... One before serving hours

life this in to can supportable occupation one make THE extra to vitamin frozen or Adds C. SPOKEN in age, the further world. I advance more The juices—flavor canned improves WORD It in necessary. the run long becomes I find work..

jz? 9 can One 1 8 life."illusions of of place of pleasures, takes is the greatest the the and for lbs. enough 75

of fruit These sentences from Voltaire are exceedingly significant. "One

must give one's self all the occupation one can to make life supportable in this world."1 In other words fill time full, for it is going to

go anyway, whether we use it or waste it away—and it will be to us

Jrui* as are our interests, as are our desires. We are, all of us, a reflection

of what we do with time, of what we want—or at least what we

want enough to be willing to work for. This, said Benjamin Franklin—"this is... said, that it might quicken, Thee,... to lose none

of the Time that is yet thine... since without it we can do nothing

in this World... [and] God will certainly most strictly reckon

with us, when Time shall be no more...."- "A purposeless life,"

said another quoted source, "is a life of fatigue. We all know from

personal experience how tired we become while doing nothing, but once let us find an outlet for our energies, some object upon which to expand them, and our instinctive powers awake us to life.... None is so healthy and fresh as he who gives freely of

his strength, and thereby liberates his impulses and instinctive powers into quickened activity."'So often we have heard cited

the scripture which says, "For as he thinketh in his heart, so is he."4

As he thinketh not only so is he, but so does he—or is likely to do.

There is no mysterious formula for what man makes of his days on earth. Michelangelo said, "If people knew how hard I have had

to work to gain my mastery, it would not seem wonderful at all."5

So it is: In others we see the "finished"product—but we don't always

BRIDAL GOWNS see the process: the practice, the learning, the long labor, the giving

FORMALS up of other things, the arduous and seemingly almost endless enDRESSES deavor. To arrive at what we really want—or at what is really

LINGERIE worth wanting—we must deeply desire—a desire that includes a

dedicated pursuit of purpose, and not just a "wish it were."Wherever or whatever we want to be, we ought to be on our way—for

time will go—and all there is of it is ours.

Voltaire, In SainteBeuve, i, 226.

2Benjamin Franklin, The Preface, The Fruits of Solitude.

SJ. A. Hatfield.

Proverbs 23:7.

"Michelangelo.

38 South Main Salt Lake City "The Spoken Word,"'from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, January 15, 1961. Copyright 1961.

456 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

possible. But it has caused us to

view somewhat more realistically the problems confronting us. It has become increasingly clear that while

God does not bear the burden alone, m hisneither can man, by own unaided OF ORGAN PERFORMANCE WITH SETS A NEW STANDARD efforts, succeed. for the hope The

future lies in the possibility of man together. working In someand God SOLID STATE TONE GENERATION

ismatters indecompletely God pendent of man, such as his sustaining the natural order. But in other

matters God is quite obviously dependent upon man's cooperation. If

God's purposes include the coming of such things as social justice, equality, and love of fellow men, all conditions of the kingdom, then he necessarily must wait upon man. But

with an optimistic doctrine of human nature and the empirical evidence that many men have cooperated with God in the past, and many are now cooperating with him, the holders of this view of history believe that God's patient waiting is not in vain. An unrivalled musical reputation rests with Allen Organs—a reputation based on more than twenty years'experience in producing electronic organs of unique tonal excellence. Many thousands of Aliens in

churches across the country bear witness to the widespread enthusiam that these distinguished instruments have developed.These Times Allen Organs now enjoy the lifetime benefits of rugged, wearout-

(Continued from page 364) proof transistors, which insure the most enduring satisfaction for the owner. The reliability of this new "SolidState"equipment, verified

tion of their internal affairs. In by substantial experience over a period of years, in varied equipment,

1956 came the loicadre, then autontranscends all previous concepts associated with electronic equipment.

omy, and today you have carried If you are to share the responsibility of choosing an organ for your your liberalism to the point of grantchurch or school, you can gain vital perspective by investigating Allen ing us independence."( At the time Organs—Write

of the signing of the agreements on the transfer of jurisdiction to the Allen Organ Company, Dept. 1906, Macungie, Pa.

Gabon Republic, Paris, July 15, ALLEN ORGANS ARE FACTORYGUARANTEED FOR FIVE YEARS.

1960.) Beyond independence lie the problems of building a successful small nation in the new Africa. More and

more the world must come to understand these new countries. The the most respected name in electronic organs"

problems of selfgovernment are not easy. It may be well hoped that

Gabon and its neighbors can proceed far along the road to stability and justice with freedom. It may be a

rough road in these times. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

CCGospel in Art"Program

Quiet minds cannot be perplexed Watch for future announcements on this great opportunity or frightened, but go on in fortune or misfortune at their own private Exclusively for subscribers to pace, like a clock during a thunderstorm.—Robert Louis Stevenson

The Improvement

JUNE 1961 457

CHIZEDEK f "Let every man learn his duty"ESTHOOD IC

Before going forth on their first assigned missions, the original Twelve in this dispensation petitioned the Prophet Joseph Smith to "inquire of God... and

obtain a revelation"to guide, enlighten, and direct them in their great ministry.

In their written plea the Twelve told the Prophet:

"We have unitedly asked God our Heavenly Father to grant unto us through his Seer, a revelation of His mind and will concerning our duty the coming season, even a great revelation, that will enlarge our hearts, comfort us in adversity, and brighten our hopes amidst the powers of darkness."(History of the Church,

Thus it was that on the 28th of March in 1835 the

Prophet inquired of the Lord, who, in his infinite wisdom, gave a "great revelation"on priesthood—one

that teaches all the Lord's ministers what their duties are, one which enlarges their hearts, comforts them in adversity, and brightens their hopes.

This "great revelation"makes known the doctrine of the priesthood and how it has and does operate mong men; it sets forth the duties of those ordained

nd set apart to the various offices and callings the priesthood. Then it concludes with this di-

e injunction:

Wherefore, now let every man learn his duty, and to)t in the office in which he is appointed, in all dilixnce.

He that is slothful shall not be counted worthy o stand, and he that learns not his duty and shows imself not approved shall not be counted worthy o stand."(D&C 107:99100. Italics added.)

For the past three months, these pages have carried unsel and direction, drawn primarily from this "great revelation"on priesthood. These articles, as also is

the case with this one, should form the basis for discussion in the monthly quorum meetings. Among

other things, we have already seen that:

1. Priesthood is the power and authority of God

delegated to man on earth to act in all things for the

THE IMPROVEMENT EHA

salvation of men. This divine authority has been and others have in rolling forth the Lord's work?

given to selected ministers in various ages so they In the great latterday kingdom of our Lord, the could guide and lead the children of God back to work of the ministry is divided into three fields:

his eternal presence. 1. Missionary work—proclaiming the truth concern-

2. Priesthood is conferred upon men; they are oring man's salvation to all the world.

dained to offices in it and are given the powers, 2. Perfecting the Saints—preparing those who join

prerogatives, graces, and responsibilities that go with the Church for an inheritance in the celestial world.

their respective offices. In the Melchizedek Priest- 3. Salvation for the dead—offering, by means of

hood these offices are: elder, seventy, high priest, genealogical research and the performance of vicarious

patriarch, and apostle. ordinances in the temple, a hope of salvation to those

3. Brethren holding the priesthood are organized who die without a knowledge of the gospel.

into quorums. Selected quorum members are chosen, Since the priesthood is greater than any of its

set apart, and given the keys of presidency whereby offices, and since all who hold any office in the priestthey are empowered to govern and direct in quorum hood necessarily hold the priesthood itself, it follows affairs. These quorum officers have the express rethat all bearers of the Melchizedek Priesthood can

sponsibility to lead their quorum members to eternal and should work in all of these fields of service. There

life in the kingdom of God. is a general obligation resting on every bearer of the

4. These various priesthood offices and callings Lord's authority to preach the gospel to the world,

have been provided so that the work of the ministry to strive to perfect himself and others who are in the may be divided among qualified priesthood bearers. kingdom, and to seek after his dead.

Missionary work, genealogical research, and temple But all of these callings are specialized in nature. It

ordinances, and all the various programs of the Church is the obvious course of wisdom to permit those with must go forward at one and the same time. One special abilities and aptitudes where missionary work

person must be assigned to do one thing and another is concerned to serve in the foreign ministry, those something else. with genealogical talents to work in that field, and

5. All offices and callings in the Church are apso forth.

pendages to the priesthood; that is, they are less This being the case the Lord has provided, in his

than, supplemental to, and grow out of the priestbasic Church organization, that certain of his minhood. Thus the priesthood is greater than any of its isters should be assigned to one field and others

offices; no office adds any power, dignity, or authorto another.

ity to the priesthood; rather, all offices derive their Elders are to preach the gospel at home and abroad

rights, virtues, powers, and prerogatives from the and labor in the organizations for the perfecting of priesthood. the Saints. Seventies can do these same things, but

6. Those receiving callings in the Melchizedek their special obligation is to work in the field of

Priesthood enter into the oath and covenant that their primary responsibility; it is to carry the message

appertains to that holy order. Their agreement is of salvation to our Father's other children who have

to magnify the specific calling given them, the Lord not yet received it. High priests either serve in

promising that if they do so, they shall have presiding capacities or they are in training for such eternal life. service. On the basis of primary responsibility, their

7. The way to magnify a calling is to build it up duty is to perfect the Saints and preside in the organin dignity and importance, to make it honorable and izations of the Church, although they can, of course,

commendable in the eyes of men, to enlarge and serve in any capacity that a seventy or elder can.

strengthen it. In other words, brethren magnify their Though every holder of the Melchizedek Priestcallings in the priesthood by learning the duties hood in the Church can and should perform any and

that go with those callings and then by performing every priesthood service to which he is called, it those duties diligently. should be obvious—even axiomatic—that brethren

Now, what duties do elders, seventies, high priests, ought to be called to (Continued on page 471)

JUNE 1961 459 LIKE FATHERonHaroldthe V.SahhathHymas day.and son,DavidDavid,is desirousstudy theto scripturesknow thetogetherduties

responsibilities of a deacon in the Aaronic Priesthood.LIKE SON and

"Estoppel,"is a word used in the field of jurispruis not only a fixed day of rest but the Lord requires dence descriptive of a situation where a man's own us to worship on that day; to assemble together

acts speak louder than his words. Let us analyze and hold spiritual communion with him?

the word "estoppel"and its meaning in relation to It is a crime when we violate the laws of our society.

our deportment on the Sabbath day. The Sabbath is How serious of an offense is it to violate and disthe Lord's day—a day he reserved to himself. We regard the laws of God?

have been commanded to, "Remember the sabbath Francis Quarles, an English author, made a signifiday, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labour, and cant statement for all fathers to ponder when he said:

do all thy work. But the seventh day is the sabbath "In early life I had nearly been betrayed into the

of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any principles of infidelity; but there was one argument

work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manin favor of Christianity that I could not refute, and servant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy that was the consistent character and example of my stranger that is within thy gates."(Exodus 20:8-10, own father."

italics added.) The Lord instructed parents that; "they shall also

Do we as fathers by our actions persuade our sons teach their children to pray, and to walk uprightly into thinking that it is not important that they regubefore the Lord. And the inhabitants of Zion shall

larly attend priesthood meeting or Sacrament meeting? also observe the Sabbath day to keep it holy."

Do our actions convey the impression it isn't always (D&C 68:2829.)

necessary to perform fully the duties of the priestWill we as fathers through our deportment be hood? Is it all right to accept employment on "estopped"from asserting that we have complied with

Sundays? Are our actions as fathers such that our this injunction, notwithstanding that we have given

sons hold sacred the covenants of the priesthood? Do long discourses on the principles of right and wrong.

they know by our actions that the Sabbath day is The father as head of the family is given a great sanctified and made holy by the Lord? Do our blessing and opportunity to be an example. Every

actions tell them we dare not and will not profane it? dad should care enough about his son to be a good

Do our sons know by watching father that the Sabbath example worthy of his son's admiration and emulation.

460 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "BE THOU AN EXAMPLE."

MOTTO OF FOUR MESA BROTHERS

During a recent visit to the East Mesa (Arizona)

Stake, Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson had unfolded to

him a dynamic story of "example"in being introduced to the sons of President and Sister Eldon W. Cooley.

These four brothers of the Mesa 15th Ward, East

Mesa Stake have compiled perfect attendance records

DeWayne, Ronald, Jeffry, and Chris Cooley of Mesa 15th

Ward, Arizona, set impressive records. at priesthood, Sacrament (Continued on page 467)

WARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENT

COMMUNISM OPPOSES ALL RELIGIONS

Jesus advisedly warned, "No man can serve two our morals, the sacred procreation process, becomes masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the promiscuous and beastlike.

other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise "Pravda,"the official communist organ, announced

the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon."in its issue September 1928: "The worldwide nature

(Matthew 6:24.) of our program is not mere talk, but an allembracing

The materialistic doctrine and basis of the comand bloodsoaked reality. It cannot be otherwise—

munist philosophy cannot only conceivably be comOur ultimate aim is world Communism; our fighting

pared to the "mammon"or "worldly gain"spoken preparations are for world revolution, for the conquest against by the Savior but is in its very nature antiof power on a worldwide scale, and the establishreligion and antiChrist. Nikolai Lenin, the founder ment of a world proletarian dictatorship."

of Russian communism and an earnest student of the The aim of the Communist Party has not been philosophy of Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels philosabandoned. It has been renewed with more intense

ophy of materialism declared: "We must combat vigor than at any time in history. These Satanic forces

religion—this is the A B C of all materialism, and are at work to destroy all Christian principles. We

consequently of marxism.... The fight against religion must embark upon a campaign to warn against these

must not be limited nor reduced to abstract, ideological insidious efforts. It is well to remember the prophetic

preachings. The struggle must link up with concrete warning given in general conference of the Church,

practical class movements; its aims must be to eliminate October 3, 1941, by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

the social roots of religion. Hence, down with religion; "I have been preaching against Communism for twenty

Long live atheism; The dissemination of atheistic years. I still warn you against it, and I tell you that

views is our chief task."(Religion, Lenin, p. 14, MRK we are drifting toward it more rapidly than some of

on Com. p. 123.) us understand, and I tell you that when Communism

We must be solemnly dedicated to the cause of comes, the ownership of the things which are necessary preserving our freedoms: we must be free to worship, to feed your families is going to be taken away from

free to speak, free to choose, free to write, free to meet us. I tell you freedom of speech will go, freedom of

in public assembly, to have free enterprise, free to the press will go, and freedom of religion ivill go.

be an individual and have protection of the "due process of law."We should foster in our homes and "I have warned you against propaganda and hate.

in the midst of the greatest exhibition ofschools the traditions of freedom and the memory of We are those early crusaders who courageously fought to propaganda that the world has ever seen, and all preserve our independence, our dignity as true sons directed toward one end. Just do not believe all

and daughters of God. you read."

The philosophies of communism are those of force, Communism takes out of life everything that is hate, mistrust, untruth, to destroy initiative and desweet, noble, and edifying. This is because it is an

generate the human race to mere animals. As animals, enemy to all righteousness. It despises and hates God

to be content in belonging to a collective herd, where and his Son Jesus Christ.

JUNE 1961 461 a

i

TODAY'S FAMILY FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

Looking at a circle. of little boys seated in Junior

Sunday School, a troop of noisy Scouts shuffling off to class, or some M Men dribbling a ball on the basketball floor, it's hard to see in them father potentialities.

But it is all there, growing day by day until one day a man looks down at a tiny bit of humanity in a basket and says, "He's my son,"or "She's my daughter."Something great takes place at that moment—

new dedication is born to "make this world a better place in which to live.""Nothing is too good for

my son."Fathers are little boys with added experience, gruff exteriors with tender hearts, minds of power, hearts of understanding, and bodies of strength. A real

father has a divine spark within him to lift his children and, authority in voice and action, to demand respect. A father is a pretty special person. Treat

him gently. Through all that rough exterior he is

fragile, he is loving, and he needs to be loved.

Our Church is filled with thousands upon thousands of wonderful, dedicated fathers. I called up the wives

of just a few very special ones to ask them if Father had a favorite food. In every case I found that he

has, but that he isn't fussy. These wives, without

exception, claimed that Father was wonderful and very easy to cook for.

Sister Jessie Evans Smith said, "Father [President

Joseph Fielding Smith] is not a 'casserole man'; but

he enjoys plain, nourishing food."But she did say

that he just likes two kinds of pie. When I inquired

what they were, she answered, "Either hot or cold."

W* l-,'*"m '**eV...--T&*V -Sis- (Mfc S

.

IHHH i-SfWv

CD 0> So he is a "pie man.""Cakes are not his favorite,"Sister Smith 0)*s5 i <J3

says. If she starts to make a cake, invariably he will say, "Why

his favorite believed she flour a cake?"She said on waste good Ow H

kindly CD cheese, she so o 'i\ >en milk nippy with good bread food is and

CD otSl-"\> sent us an unusual 90 minute bread recipe and the recipe for inCMI o Peach Preserve that they enjoy very much. It's delicious served CD

with this warm bread.

90 Minute Bread (White or Whole Wheat Bread)

4 cups of very warm water 4 teaspoons salt 8 tablespoons sugar or honey 4 tablespoons melted shortening, peanut oil is good 4 yeast cakes, dissolved in one cup of the above water D 7 or 8 cups flour

Mix into a medium soft dough, then cut into four pieces.

Mold into round loaves and let stand 15 minutes. (Just a little

trick—after the dough has stood for 15 minutes, take the handle

of your butcher knife, and pound each piece about one minute.)

Then knead into loaves and place in greased pans. Let stand

one half hour, then bake at 400 for thirty minutes."\>

Peach Preserve

5 lbs. peeled peaches, sliced

5 lbs. of sugar

3 oranges, sliced very thin, then quartered

Bring to a boil and cook 30 minutes, taking the froth off until no more forms. Then add one (Continued on page 464)

pint maraschino cherries and juice, tainly a favorite of his four sons and cherries quartered, bring back to his charming and gracious wife boil and cook 15 minutes, taking the Alice as well as thousands of us who froth off until no more forms. Then listen to him each Sunday. When

BOTTOM BAKER bottleI caughthot. Sister Spencer Kimball I"Oh,talkedRichardwith Sisterlikes Evans,everything.she said,He

just as she and Elder Kimball had really doesn't have a favorite."As

returned from a long Church trip. she thought further, she added,

She graciously spent some time talk- "Well, if you are going to pin me ing about "father's favorite."She said down, I guess I'd say large fresh

now that the children are all in their green salads with a tasty French own homes the two of them are dressing are high on his list."She

eating far more simply than in the talked about dressings and told of past. Bread and milk again entered a favorite one in their family. This

the conversation as one of Elder basic dressing recipe had been

Kimball's favorite foods; but, she brought home years and years ago

added, if he comes home late from by her mother from a Relief Society a hard trip there is nothing he enjoys luncheon.

Your choice more than a steaming bowl of oyster

Beef Pi stew. Upon the Kimball's return Basic Salad Dressing

Chicken P from their last trip, their children

Turkey P had prepared for them a favorite Place in a bottle:

dinner—enchaladas, a relish plate of

crisp raw vegetables and a light 1 cup vinegar dessert. Here is their very special 1 cup fresh salad oil

recipe for enchaladas. 1 cup sugar

1 cup catsup Enchiladas (Made not too hot) Shake and serve over salad greens.

2 doz. tortillas, use either frozen or in dressing This varied be maybakes 'em better canned It is of sweet, quite dozens ways.

grated mild 1 pound like cheese so to cut you would maybe down ground beef pound all around... % as Sister the sugar on or do Evans

Crisp and brown all around—even Vi pound sausage does at times—use 1 cup of spiced

on the bottoms. That's the way 2 large chopped onions vinegar from a bottle of sweet

Chefs Meat Pies come from your pickles in place of the vinegar and oven. Sauce sugar, or you may substitute lemon

are delicious, delightful They and for juice of or part try vinegar, the V2 drippings cup bacon in a meal themselves. perCook using of in place tomatoes chopped 1 flour cup fectly everytimewith no cold spots. of part catsup. the a basic With 1 juice quart tomato a better For frozen Pie Meat make this, recipe, possibilities as such the 2-8 oz. cans sauce tomato in certain they exthe are Chefs endless. are V2 chili teaspoon powder clusive pan. BAKER BOTTOM Fathers Richards and LeGrand salt 2 teaspoons

Hugh B. Brown also have their

Brown the ground beef and saufavorites. Elder Richards is happy

FAMOUS FOODS sage,Mix thenwell.addMakethe cheesethe andsauceonions.by toppedwith a bowlwith ofcreamslicedandfresha sprinklingtomatoes

adding the flour to the bacon of sugar. And Elder Brown likes

frozen at your grocers drippings. Stir in the other innothing better than a good custard

gredients and cook until smooth and or a baked apple for dessert. But

thickened. Put about 1 cup of the Sister Brown says he also enjoys

NEED ACCOMMODATIONS saucetortilla inin a thedripperremainingpan. sauceDip eachand heapedpumpkinwithpie—especiallywhipped cream.if itBothis

IN SALT LAKE CITY? put a large tablespoon of the meat of these wives are very special cooks

mixture on the tortilla and roll and and have pleased their husbands and place in a dripper pan. Do this to children with luscious dishes through

the remaining tortillas. Sprinkle the years.

some cheese on top, and onehalf Our own YMMIA SuperintendenMOTEL hour before serving put in a 350 cy, Joseph T. Bentley, G. Carlos

640 W. No.Temple degree F. oven for 30 minutes. When Smith, Jr., and Marvin J. Ashton,

serving, place 2 or 3 tortillas on a have their favorite dishes.

business For or pleasure, is plate and sprinkle with shredded Sister Bentley wrote as follows: Se Rancho

convenient to all depots, lettuce and serve with any leftover "While I was talking to you on the

Industrial plants, Commercial and sauce. phone the other day, I wondered

Wholesale Centers, Doctors Clinics, Elder Richard L. Evans is cerhow I would be able to pick out

Hospitals, Mormon Temple and downtown shopping. Phone EL 5-7588.

464 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

my husband's favorite food, he likes n SALT LAKE CITY it's so many things. Fruit pies with a

scoop of ice cream, fried chicken,hot biscuits, pork chops with pan HOTEL UTAH gravy, fresh corn on the cob are just of foods. his speciala few But he and MOTOR LODGis also a cobblers, fond of berry

'poor relative'of the pies, and since he has arrived at the age when he AdjacentClose to outstandingto historic Templescenic Squareattractionsmust be a 'weight watcher'he can eat these without too much conscience pricking. This is a very simple dessert and easily made. I use blackFeaturing the beautiful new

berries, fresh, bottled, or canned, ROOMwhen I can get them, but boysen-...yearround roof garden restaurant

berries or dewberries are good, also.

I think Joe likes blackberries because Your choice of downtown locations:

they were so plentiful in his mother's HOTEL UTAH HOTEL UTAH MOTOR LODGE garden in Mexico where he spent 500 air conditioned rooms with radio, 150 air conditioned rooms with telehis childhood. They raise better TVadjoiningand circulatinglobby, Coffeeice water,Shop. garage facilitiesvision, swimmingfor up to 1 500pool,persons.convention

blackberries in Colonia Juarez than anywhere I have ever lived; they Reservations through Hilton Reservation Service in all major cities

are so large and juicy. In fact, it Max Dean, Manager

was while we were living in Colonia

Juarez, when Joe was teaching school at Juarez Stake Academy, I first started to make this dessert as well as blackberry jelly, another favorite of Joe's. Mother Bentley's blackberry

jelly was out of this world."rwdg

Blackberry Cobbler An unmatched tradition has been estabglass dish a Butter baking Savings size lished where for 38 by American8"2". bottle x 9"x a quart Open than 34 thousand years more members

of blackberries, boysenberries, or dewberries—a large can of commerhave prepared for their future with comcially canned berries may be used. plete confidence and convenience. This

Put in a kettle on the stove and heat tradition is service. At American you enjoy

with a piece of butter the size of a not only customary services (highest walnut, about V\ cup of sugar, and earnings on insured savings)... but, every

a little cinnamon. added convenience including finest modWhile fruit is heating, make a bisern facilities, highest standards, friendly

cuit dough using: 2 cups flour, 4 counsel, and many specialized services.

teaspoons baking powder, % teassugar, tablespoons salt, 2poon

THE AMERICANSAVE 1 shortening,6 tablespoons WAY"egg (Ame/dcm Sawuti

ASSOCIATION & & LOAN light, untilwhipped % cups milk 1 Salt Lake City Main, 1, Utah egg. (Bisquick themixed with Dr., Salt Highland Lake 2186 can HOMESUGAROFFICE:HOUSE63 OFFICE:Southbe used with a little extra shortening GRANGER OFFICE: 3555 Market Street, Salt Lake City City4, Utah6, Utah

added. HONOLULU DIVISIONAL OFFICE: 915 Fort Street, Honolulu, Hawaii

OFFICE: Sift dry ingredients and add KAIMUKI

109 1 Waianuenue142 - 12th Avenue,Avenue, Honolulu,Hilo, HawaiiHawaii HILO OFFICE:shortening. Blend well with pastry

mixer. Whip egg until light, add

to milk and mix with dry ingredients.

Dough should be of drop consistency.

Put hot fruit into baking dish and drop dough by spoonfuls until fruit is covered. Bake in oven at 425

degrees F., or until dough is brown.

Serve with vanilla ice cream or whipped cream for special occasions or a sauce made using rich milk sweetened to taste with a little nutmeg added.

JUNE 1961 465.

BSSBISBT Mnw Sister Smith said, "Father [G.

j&*Jt jkk* telegram Carlos Smith, Jr.,] is so easy to

cook for because he likes everything.

But plain foods are really his favorite."find Again, that bread and we

milk, this case crackers but in and (tljurd) %ws'milk, with a very good nippy cheese is a special favorite. Sister Smith

went on to share a delicious round

Weekly Report lo You steak recipe with us.

of Church Activities Throughout the World Tender Round Steak

Every LDS home should have this instructive reading on all Order round steak cut about one it instrucofficial brings of the Church. Every you phases week it thick. inch in beaten Dip egg reports, welfare authorities, conference the tion general from

fine then into cracker very seasoned all of editorial activities, and inspirational from messages news the wards, branches and auxiliaries throughout the world. The or bread crumbs. Be sure both sides

Presiding Bishopric's Page gives important reports for officers. are well covered. Place it on a rack

Bring the "Church News"and its influence into your home. in a Dutch oven ( covered roaster )

Mail the coupon below now for information. Sprinkle with chopped onion and

add water to the bottom of the * roaster (don't let it touch the meat), it steam for about 4 "CI)Urcl) %WJ5 cover and let it hours. and add water. Watch

143 South Main St. Salt Lake City 1, Utah dry. Don't let it go

Please send me subscription information on the "Church News."

Name Norma Ashton said, "Father's favorite,"in their home, "is many

Address things. Marv loves fried chicken,

chili, ice cream, applesauce cake,

City State lemon pie—oh, the list is endless."

He, too, is easy to please, liking whatever his wife cooks for him.

After talking over many recipes,

Sister Ashton decided that perhaps

S THE CENTER OF "N Banana Delight, a delicious, nour- 'v CONVENIENCE / ishing dessert that could be prepared it day before, making a Sunday rt**>*** K favorite, like one she was the would COOtf4 MOTELNEW AMERICA the 320BIAUTYBEAUTIFUL ROOMSSHOP to share with us. MAINSALONAI FIFTH BABSOUTHBED

Banana Delight (Serves 6 to 8)

Mix together:

% cup flour salt lake city 3Ay& teaspooncup sugarsalt mm...

Stir these dry ingredients into 2 cups of hot scalded milk. Cook until

thick, then fold into two beaten egg yolks. Cook for about five minutes

in the double boiler. (It isn't very

thick. ) Cool. A Good Spot When cooked, add 1 teaspoon

vanilla, stiff, 2 egg whites beaten 2 In To Be Vz sliced, bananas, of pecans. and cup

education! your Continue and Get high school

Vs of Fold carefully. custhe Pour credit college through

tard into an 8"x 12"pan and cover vanilla crumbs; wafer % cup Home with third of the custard add another and

STUDY HOME University sprinkle with % cup of crumbs; add Brigham Young

Provo, Utah last third of the custard and sprinkle cost, Please send, without a copy of you! the last % cup (2 cups in all) of

to catalog Home Study crumbs on top. Chill. Top with

Name Address City State

466 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For your Ward Partieswhipped cream.

For good measure I asked for the

Ashtons'delicious sherbet recipe.

RaspberryBanana Sherbet (6 quarts) Dissolve 3V2 to 4 cups sugar in 1 Lipm, cup of hot water. Pour into freezer

can. Add 3 packages of frozen

raspberries or strawberries, 1 cuplemon juice, 2 cans of milk and 1 to Wil

IY2 pints of whipping cream, 3 mashed bananas, add enough whole milk to make the can % full. Freeze in bulk:and eat with delight.

Call DAvis 2-7291

Presiding Bishoprics Page HAVE A PIZZA (Continued from page 461) PARTY

meetings, and Sunday School since Wholesale Prices for Churches being ordained to the Aaronic Priesthood.

DeWayne Cooley is a priest and a Bulk Chili Con Carne for Parties student at Brigham Young University. In addition to having 100

percent attendance at his meetings for the past seven years he also has i S<sUt Jl<z6e gctef't Ttecv&tf *%<ote his "Duty to God"award, is an Eagle

Scout, attended the World Scout HOTEL TEMPLE SQUAREJamboree in 1957, attended Boys'SHOPS and DINING MODERN COFFEE ROOMS

State, and was president of Boys'TELEVISION AIR CONDITIONED

League in high school. RATES: SINGLES $6.00 up DOUBLES $8.00 up TWINS $10.00 up

Ronald Cooley is also a priest in TELETYPE RESERVATIONS ACCEPTED COLLECT SU 350 the Aaronic Priesthood and has attended 100 percent of his meetings for the past five years. He has received the "Duty to God"award, is at

an Eagle Scout, and attended the

National Scout Jamboree in 1957. idea* goat

Jeffry Cooley is a teacher in the

Aaronic Priesthood with a 100 per75 West

South Templecent attendance record. his Like CLARENCE L. WEST, Manager

Salt City, Lake PHONE brothers,two older Jeffry also has Utahobtained the rank of an Eagle Scout FREE Drive-/nParking EL 5-2961 and attended the National Scout

Jamboree in 1960.

Chris Cooley has a 100 percent SOLVE YOUR GIFT PROBLEMS attendance record since being orwith a present appreciated the yearround dained a deacon in the priesthood one year ago. He is a Second Class THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Scout and like his brothers, he is preparing himself by gaining a AN IDEAL GIFT FOR strong testimony of the gospel. Wedd ngs, Birthd ays, Servicemen, Missionaries, Friends, New Members

President and Sister Eldon W. Lovely gift card sent in your name

Cooley of the East Mesa Stake can Send only $3.00 for 12 big issues

be proud of these four handsome sons. 50 North Main Si Salt Lake C ty 11, Utah

JUNE 1961 467,;V -;. I II \ J I i j JJ

-\ iiii

FOLDING TABLES

Summer Sale factory saving to Churches, Schools, Clubs, Lodges and all organizations. MONROE 1961

Folding Banquet Tables are unmatched for quality, durability, convenience and for 68 models and sizes handsome appearance.

every use. Write for summer sale prices NOW.

FREE—Color pictures.BIGFull1961line tables,CATALOGchairs, table

and chair trucks, platformrisers, portable partitions, bulletin boards. Write today!

THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa A LONG AGO WEDDING

(BY CLARISSA YOUNG SPENCER. DAUGHTER OF BRIGHAM YOUNG AND LUCY ANN DECKER YOUNG AS TOLD TO HER DAUGHTER HELEN YOUNG SPENCER WILLIAMS FOR HER "TREASURES OF TRUTH BOOK"IN 1932.) THE gift

for every occasion Early in November of 1881 Johnnie ure, would take his place, and she proposed to me. We had known for would like us to marry as soon as

An many years that sometime we would arrangements could be made. Then

be married, for we were very much she quietly left us in our happiness in love. Marriage, we agreed, would to talk things over by ourselves.

be a long way off, for Johnnie had We decided we would be married

The finest you can buy his mother and two sisters to supJanuary 19, 1882.

MORE THAN 200 STYLES port, and Mother and I were living The following weeks were filled

FROM WHICH TO CHOOSE alone in the big Beehive House. I with plans and arrangements. I

PRICED FROM $3.75 to $150.00 felt at the time I could never leave made my trousseau with the help of

sisters nieces and of and Fanny the death because mother my my my At your bookseller

Talula. linen in Sepbrother bed was made youngest Feramorz My OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS tember 1881 had so nearly broken Fruit of the loom and linen. Motherof

Publishers of the her heart. crocheted the handmade torchon

Xing James Version I shall never forget the night while lace and the little fine hemming since 1675 we were sitting in front of the Frankstitches were hardly visible to the lin Stove in the little downstairs eye.

parlor, that we decided to consult Long petticoats and nightgowns mother and ask for her consent to with embroidery and lace, hand our engagement. I confess to very tucked, were pressed, folded and

in laid dress drawers. feelings wedding was while Johnnie MyIN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS queer

of really the style not in the made, was closeted behind with mother

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple closed door in the sewing room just the 1880's, but I copied it from a sore throat and other minor mouth back of the southeast front parlor. dress I had seen an actress wear at

and throat irritations. When he opened the door, he looked the Salt Lake Theatre when I was a

so happy that I knew Mother had little girl. I had never forgotten how

beautiful to I thought it was. our engageconsented only not The HALL'S REMEDY things white lovely heavy brocaded material was said some but had ment City. Utah Salt Lake

to him. satin, and the style was a tightAs we sat together thinking about fitting princess. It was fastened

the future, we heard the door knob down the back with twenty tiny softly turn and Mother came into the pearl buttons. Around the waist was

BIND YOUR ERAS parlor and sat down, and in her a girdle of pearls, and a pocket held gentle voice said she had been thinkby a strand of pearls dropped halfHeavy ing things over and saw no reason way down onto the skirt. The high

Red Fabricated Binders for our waiting if John would consent collar and threequarter sleeves were to come to the Beehive House to edged with lace that Mother had only $2.00 live. She and I alone in the great made. With the help of my sisters

I of course, Fera, lonely without were made home my dress—but Indexes for year of 1960 big supervised called him, and she went Mother and directed. on as we

10c to say that she felt John, in a measThe little slippers I wore were size

Start your own home library

468 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FISH THE REMOTE AREAS...

TOTE GOTE WILL TAKE YOU THERE!

three and onehalf, double "A"and were made of the same brocade as the dress. We sent the material back

to Philadelphia to Laird Shoeber and

A-iitchell Co. to have the shoes made.

My stockings were long, heavyribbed silk—the first silk stockings I

ever had. They looked more like

golf apparel than beautiful wedding stockings, but I thought they were lovelv.

I wore long white kid gloves—my

first ones.

Mother decided that my three ringlets which had been worn down my back should be pinned up into a small bob for my wedding day.

The days passed excitedly and Ride the Tote Gote back to the remote lakes and streams where the fishing is really great! Specially

happily. Then came the week before designed for "off highway"travel, the Tote Gote is the first machine of its kind. Geared low for

the wedding day. The cooking and power, the Tote Gote will pull 45% grades with 400 pound loads over the most rugged mountain

the preparation of the food began. terrain with no damage to the machine. Easy to ride, the Tote Gote's "Climbaway"transmission

The aroma of homemade pies, cakes, lets you travel speeds 1 to 18 miles per hour shifting automatically upon need. The trunk of a tourdoughnuts, candy filled and the yearing cartravelprovideswith easeampleto thespaceremotefor transportingfishing areas,thefar ToteawayGotefrom totheandcrowds,from outthewheremountainthe bigareas.ones jump!Thishouse. tongues, turkeys, Hams,

chickens were prepared. Mother

these only TOTE GOTE offers cooked.cooked and Salad dressings features: j Corporation Bonham

6rh University South Provo, and Utah saladsand made. bottled were The

DEALER'S SEND FREE FOLDER and NEAREST NAME 115 LIGHTWEIGHT pounds pears,peaches, cherries and were taken down to the cellar to be chilled RUGGED high test steel frame | Name for serving. POWERFUL 40 to 1 gear ratio a Addn

State City Talula and cakes for three I made

DEALER NQUIRIES INVITED AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSIONdays; white cakes, golden layer and %m

cakes, cream cakes, and sponge cakes. Mother made the doughnuts

and mince pies and homemade ice cream. Richard W. Young and

Heber J. Grant and George D. Pyper

had promised to come and help freeze the ice cream on the day of the wedding.

Aunt Eliza made our beautiful, de- K licious cake wedding dozens with fresh rich eggs milk and from the of MSt because farm. Then Brother Brown, the yon like

culliner, came to the Beehive House, and as we all watched, he iced and tokeep decorated the tiers of the wedding *cake with the pride of an artist. I hi Touch

Then he made the cream almonds and peppermints and decorated:.-:;.*;.c.!.\*.;:.1

them. I shall never, never forget

the happiness, joy, and excitement of those of wonderful days preparapick up your phone and enjoy VLtion for Johnnie's and wedding my day.

Our reception was to be held in a long distance calltonight!

the Long Hall upstairs. The two (so much pleasure for so little cost)

Franklin stoves were laid the night before. The long tables where the MOUNTAIN STATES TELEPHONE (iQ

wedding supper was to be served were set up in the back hall dining room and southeast front sitting room. The linen that Mother had The most economical food wrap DRINK

laundered and ironed was as white you can use!as snow and looked like satin. The

A delightful KITCHEn CHflRITl whohot beveragedon't drinkforcoffee.those

WAXED PAPER AT YOUR GROCERS JUNE 1961 469 TYPEWRITERS especially suitable for white dishes with the gold bands, ing. We sat by the little Franklin

and the silverware were in readiness. stove and then Uncle Feramorz

I retired, turned in his me, and and to John we to see that dear to tender GENEALOGY WORK wentBeforefromMotherroom andto room us never way, urged! all was in order for the important go to sleep at night with any kind SAVE day. How beautiful the Beehive of misunderstanding between us.

25% to 60% House seemed. To me it was the "Talk things over—do not let your

on Factory Rebuilts most wonderful home anyone could troubles grow because of silence.

PORTABLES - STANDARDS ever have. Forgive and then forget."Then he

ELECTRICS Early the next morning Mother added, "There will be times when is it called, "Clarissa, it will seven get very angry o'clock, you but make at the Write For Free Literature and to must be a point you at the Endowment never be angry

House by nine."One of the girls same time, and you will find if you

Sdi/uup/ik, Qvu:. was lighting the fire in the little obey this rule, your troubles will not

Franklin stove, and its warmth last for long."

Business Machines and Supplies seemed to calm and steady my The hour for our reception ap757 So. State nerves as I dressed. proached. When mother and I went

Salt Lake City 11, Utah A little after eight Johnnie called up to the southwest room, the room for us in a big baroche drawn by a that had been my bedroom all my life, suddenly I began to weep, not radiantly not because happy, I was OVER 100,000 for first time,- the I but I think PICTURES FOR ONLY BEACH BABY sensed the full realization that things po.73 (incl. pad) BY ETHEL JACOBSON would never be just the same again;

'RUBBER STAMP"your own pictures that my girlhood was behind me,

A thousand sunbeams and I was overcome with appreciaTo kiss her nose; tion for my beloved father and

Her personal ocean mother, my sisters and brothers and

To dunk her toes; their devotion to me and the family

For Stationery, Genealogy, Greeting Cards, sheltered A cove life in the Beehive I had House. had

Copies, Order Business School Cards, curving beach Of sisters to help came up me My Brochures, Books, uses. other and many

Rubber stamp size approximately VxlVi". For a private sandpile dress, then came my brothers to give

Send picture with check or money order In her reach; their approval and their advice, and

to: And when she shuts in the excitement of the hour, my

STAMP-A-FOTO CO. A drowsy eye, tears gave way to laughter and

P. O. Box 1492 Pocatello, Idaho The surf to sing her happiness.

A lullaby! At last John came up to see me

in my wedding dress. My sisters

and brothers didn't offer to leave the room as he walked right up to

THE ERA fine span of horses. We drove to the me, took me in his arms, and kissed

Endowment House and lo and beme. I knew from that moment that

with its new hold, the doors were not opened. I would be safe in his keeping.

We were nearly an hour early! He had brought a little bridal

YOUTH SECTION hadFromwantedmy BrotherearliestJosephrecollection,F. SmithI bouquetcarnations of surroundedrosebuds andwith whitelace

to officiate at my marriage ceremony, paper, with the stems wrapped in and I had long ago received his tinfoil and tied with white baby makes an ideal gift promise that he would marry us. ribbon.

After a short wait at the EndowWe went across into the Long for ment House, which seemed an Hall and stood in front of the tall eternity to me, Brother Smith came, mirror at the south end. As I looked

YOUNG PEOPLE'S and we were admitted. Then we at the room with its pale blue walls,

dressed and went into the altar room coved ceiling, beautiful red brocade where Brother Smith was waiting. drapes, and pretty lace curtains, the

its garlands of roses and BIRTHDAY He pronounced a most beautiful carpet with blessing on us, his words and the leaves, the chandeliers brilliantly

GRADUATION withspirit meof thealwaysoccasionand havehaveremainedbeen a lightedon the withtable gas,and thethetallglowingglass lampsfires, wonderful influence on our marriage it seemed that no other room in the

WEDDING and our lives. whole world could be so beautiful

After the ceremony we returned or hold so much joy! I felt that

to the Beehive House, and in the surely I was the most grateful and

Only $3.00 for men's dining room (as we called it), the happiest bride that ever lived.

my uncle Feramorz Little was waitThe guests numbered three hun12 big issues

470 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

WORLD'S SMALLEST anddred and fifty. As we stood reHEARING AID! family congratulations fromceived

and friends, two little flower girls dressed alike in pink China silk dresses, took care that my train was spread out to the best advantage. Look at

Mother stood near the doorway to this actual size receive, and my brothers and sisters comparison!

greeted our friends. It was all so <This is ALL you need!

lovely to me. The memories of it No cord /

shall enrich my life always. No tube

The journey of our married life No ear mold!

together has been a beautiful one. Weighs less

Children and love have blessed our than Va ounce home. Respect, consideration, and

understanding have brought an enDESIRABLZ HEARING AID!

richment throughout the years. Even II

1 LBERGj neither wealth nor PAH hadthough we V subs i diary "! O i ot Molorol.i Inc TUM"[ f \ jfQ (r X C 'recognizes as the worldgreatness

such things, happiness and contentment and blessings have filled our HELPS OVERCOME NERVE DEAFNESSl cup of life to overflowing. I am

grateful beyond words that on January 19, 1881, Johnnie Spencer chose Dahlberg Hearing Service me as his bride. HOTEL UTAH LOBBY DA 2-4121

Send for FREE booklet RushEar"me. free thebookietransistorpoweredt on "MiracleLearn all about this thrilling new aid worn in the ear. No o bligation.

fully in a factpacked, to hear way illustrated booklet. Find out how Name

"MiracleEar"can help you underCity Zone.... State

Melchizedek Priesthood stand conversation again. Address.

(Continued from page 459) serve within the fields of their priIn case of RADIOACTIVE FALLOUT you may mary responsibility. A seventy

should be called to perform the work have enough food, but will it be safe to use?

of the seventy, an elder that of an elder, and so forth. With RADICON you will knowl

When brethren are called and appointed to work within the fields of their primary responsibility, they are RADICO thus enabled to magnify their All transistorized callings. One year operation on flashlight batteries

Brethren should learn to serve in Easy to operate the office in which they have been Rugged construction

Accurate readings said: for as the appointed Lord Easily portable

"... let learn his duty, every man

and to act in the office in which he is appointed, in all diligence."

(Ibid., 107:100. Italics added.) Price: $39.85 f.o.b. Boston

Priesthood workers should study (batteries not included) what the scriptures have to say about their respective callings, and Send check or money order to: automatic electronic

they should become familiar with radiation detector the procedures set up within those callings as explained in the official CONTRONICS, Inc. 37 Leon Street, Boston 15, Massachusetts

handbooks provided by the Church.

All should do their work skilfully Includes manual on proper food preservation methods and intelligently, and that requires advance study and preparation. As

the Lord said, we must learn and we PEWS, PULPITS CHANCEL Don't Forget must act. But the learning precedes

Era The Improvement the acting if the work is to be FURNITURE write for Free catalog j well done. for Wedding Gifts AND LOWDIRECTPRICES

J.RRedington&Co. only $3.00—12 big issues

DEPT. 10 SCRANTON 2, PA.

JUNE 1961 471

Ill P

lismmmm

"Mi/ fomr is falling out"admitted the timid man to the If fifty million people say chemist. "Can you suggest something to keep it in?"a foolish thing, it is still a

"Certainly"replied the chemist. "Here's a cardboard box."foolish thing.—Anatole France

Confucius say: Seven days The poorest man is not he who is without

of dieting makes one weak. a cent, but he who is without a dream.

1 WEAK

A New York psychiatrist received Anyone can carry his burden, however a postcard from a vacationing hard, until nightfall. Anyone can do his

patient. "Dear Doctor,"it said, work, however hard, for one day. Anyone

"Having a wonderful time. Wish can live sweetly, patiently, lovingly, pureyou were here to tell me why."ly, till the sun goes down.—Stevenson

The highminded man must care more for the "You cannot lead anyone any place you're truth than for what people think.—Aristotle not going."—Elder Marion G. Romney

"I have discontinued long talks,"Visiting in Texas, a woman concluded the speaker remarked. "It's on her grocery order, "... and ten pounds

account of my throat. Several peoof potatoes.""Madam,"replied the clerk,

ple have threatened to cut it.""we won't cut a potato for anybody."

The way to gain a good repuWhy is it that when a man retires and time is no tation is to endeavor to be longer of urgent importance, his wellmeaning what you desire to appear. colleagues usually present him with a watch?

472 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "This Business of Farming"

Farming and ranching is big business in down the highway, over the backroads-, the vast Mountain America area, a busiout at the barn or in the field, and at the ness that is vital to the growth and develfairs and shows. Ted and his staff cover

opment of this region. Since October 17, the Mountain America farm picture ac1949 Kennecott Copper Corp. and KSL curately and completely for Kennecott—

Radio have been partners in helping to and in addition to frequent special features inform and educate the man in agriculture.—give daily farm news reports, market

And that's the reason BIG K Farm Diinformation and weather casts. Kennerector Ted Capener (the only fulltime cott, a good neighbor is helping build a

radio farm director between the midwest better, stronger America.

and Pacific Coast) is seen so often up and

Now in its 12th year, Kennecott's "This Business of Farming"is heard Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 12:15 P.M. and

Tuesday and Thursday at 6:45 A.M.

Ted and his staff travel an estimated 40,000 miles per year Not a "feet on the desk"Farm Director, Ted Capener 's newsbeat throughout Mountain America reporting special farm news, for Kennecott is the farms and ranches of KSL Radioland. Ted

covering fairs and 4-H events, discussing current problems correlates the steady flow of national and regional farm reports with the men and women who form the sinews of America. with his own firsthand information and localized touch.

SERVING MOUNTAIN AMERICA

1160 ON YOUR RADIO DIAL Responsibilities growing*

How about your Beneficial

Your responsibilities grow along with your family. responsibility: that of making sure they'll always

Each family addition brings new joys - and new have the home you want for them - and not just needs. Among these is space. Perhaps you've the memory of it. Beneficial Life Mortgage Insurremodeled your present home to add more rooms. ance can make all the difference. And it costs so

Or you may have purchased recently, or considered little when compared with the peace of mind that purchasing, a larger home. However you plan to comes with it. Ask your Beneficial Life man

provide the space for living that your family for details.

needs... don't overlook another important

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah