IMPROVEMENT

SEPTEMBER 1951

PRESIDENT JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

Gas vtifer keeps you

It's 3 times faster f less to operate gS Costs Costs less to install g Gas works for so little money you can use all the hot water you want with never a worry about the heating cost. Gas is always on the

job, too... heats water three times faster

than any other practical fuel. Gas is so

speedy it meets all the demands of an automatic dishwasher, an automatic clothes washer, a houseful of guests, a growing family. All

you need to do is to be sure that the storage tank in your automatic gas water heater is the right size for your home.

The chart at left gives recommended sizes. And when

you install a new automatic gas water heater, you'll find it costs less to buy, too. For more facts, see

your appliance dealer.

MOUNTAIN FUEL

SUPPLY COMPANY YOU JUST

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

rp he behavior of the flatworm is de- * termined by the rise and fall of the sea with the tides. When the tide

comes in and waves beat on the sand, the animals crawl under the sand for protection; when the water goes down,

they creep up to the surface again.

Professor H. S. Jennings reports that

if the worms are placed in an aquarium, they still go down at the time of high tide and upward at the time of low tide, hence can be used as tide indicators for about two weeks.

TJ lies kept completely in the dark for *- sixtynine generations have their eyes unaffected and still react normally to light.

nn wentyone inches of rainfall in * Texas are needed to produce the same amount of growth that can be produced with thirteen inches in Montana. The moisture available for

plants is influenced by the amount of water which evaporates, and evaporation is influenced by temperature, relative humidity, and air movement.

TV MONG the most beautiful famous ** waterfalls in the world are two on

Brazil's boundaries. On the boundary

with Argentina is the Iguassu Falls, over two hundred feet high. On the

boundary with Paraguay is the Guaira's seven falls which on the basis of mean annual flow combined with considerable height of 130 feet is the world's greatest waterfall. Its estimated mean annual flow is 470,000

cubic feet a second.

7\ recent study of 246 violent deaths *"* in Westchester County in New

York, population 600,000, has shown a close relation between alcohol and violent death. Autopsies showed that

87 percent of the homicide victims, 46 percent of those who died in auto accidents, 24 percent of those in other accidents and 19 percent of the suicides had been drinking before they were killed. The Journal of the American Medical Association report notes

that of the drivers killed in auto accidents most "were not chronic alcoholics but people who had been drinking at a cocktail party, a tavern, a wedPURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Pocatello Phoenix ding, or a holiday celebration."

SEPTEMBER 1951 609.

PARENTS AS TEACHERSENDURING, ENLIGHTENING

BOOKS FOR YOUR SPIRITUAL GROWTH By H. H. Bailey

ANCIENT AMERICA and Perhapsthis statement,you have"Parentsoften heardare the BOOK of MORMON However,good, bad,I haveandneverindifferent."found a

BY DR. MILTON R. HUNTER AND father and a mother who did not

'ncienf THOMAS S. FERGUSON hope and pray often for that son or

mer/ca daughter of theirs. Without excep-

a good him to be they wanted 00 tion, and $ J THE BOOK credit to citizen, a a worthy man, o, MORMON the community in which he lived. 4—and the archaeological disThe world at large has forgotten "The book is scholarly

cussions presented are thoroughly sound."Thus spoke the role of parents as teachers.

of of Department Kinder, chairman Dr. Alfred V. ArMany educators have discouraged one Institute, Washington D. C, chaeology, Carnegie

of the foremost archaeologists of our time. And, such a home teaching at an appalling loss

distinguished recommendation makes this book a must to boys and girls. A noble mother

for your library—now, more than ever before! is the greatest teacher in the world,

especially in building good habits

NEW BOOKS OF IMPORTANCE.. infatherthe shouldlives ofbeheran children.able assistant.The

MINUTE SERMONS BRANCHES OVER "Parents are good teachers,"did

By Albert L. Zobell, Jr THE WALL you say? Certainly. There are

By Ora Pate Stewart.... unnumbered thousands of men and

GOSPEL MESSAGES BEFORE & AFTER women who owe much of what

Pierce By Carl I. Edvalson By Florence

they are to their parents, not only because their parents taught well, but also of far greater importance,

I am MASTERFUL DISCOURSES and because they lived well. But

willing to concede that home trainWRITINGS of ORSON PRATT ing is at times bad, and occasionalCompiled by N. B. LUNDWALL ly indifferent. Without good home

training any child is greatly handicapped.

00 Conscientious Church people $ J have a decided advantage in trainis ing their children. the There 4

of the Church, one of the In the early troubled times influence of the enduring Great

Pratt, of Orson voices was that steadiest and firmest in Teacher, so helpful that no one as now, Today, teaching. helping, quietly leading,

another century, his thoughts and words are invaluable yet has been able to estimate its—they will help show you the way. This is the secfull value. The parents, living the

reprinted edition, ond by popular demand. Do yau fundamentals of the Church, teach yet? have your copy

largely by example, which is far greater than teaching by precept.

However, home training is of value only so long as it is right home training. children in awhile Once TEMPLE are trained to cry. They

casionally trained to be selfish. At RECORD are ocMakesBINDERit easy timesundesirablethey aredispositions.trained to developA few

to keep your $ are trained to be discordant notes family record—

in you and elsewhere. the home makes

to keep WANT training This it constantly is largely comup 3 to date. geneologica! all present Accommodates

forms, richly cover shows temple, pleted within the first six years. goldembossed

posttype binder for unlimited expansion. Habits and qualities established at

At Your Book Dealers or Order Direct From thatNow,agehabitsare brokenare vital.with Theydifficulty.are

indispensable. Nearly all of what

people do is done through habit.

Each person is an actual bundle of BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH {Concluded on page 613) 610 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA miar.fUL

FOR

ALLAROUND

TRAINING

A)cadtemic

Jplntnair

YOUR

CHURCH

UNIVERSITY

[-kudicat

REMEMBER THESE DATES

Sept. 26—Freshmen report for orientation.

Apply now for admission.

Oct. 1 and 2—Registration for all regular

students.

Oct. 3—Registration for special students.

Classes begin.

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PROVO, UTAH SEPTEMBER 1951 611;

\ Jffacial \Jraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, ASSOCIAIMPROVEMENT IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL EDUCAOF TIONS, DEPARTMENT

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jhe Lnurch or

/4eiiA& Lnridl

of <=JLattefdau Saints rJ n> n VOLUME 54 rW NUMBER 9 n-J Jeptemoeren 1951

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR. - "Today's Family"Editor: BURL SHEPHERD

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM

FRANKLIN CLAUDES. HARRIS,B. PETERSENJR. - HUGHSIDNEYNIBLEY B.- SPERRYLEE A. PALMER THE COVER

- Manager: General BERTHA Associate Manager: ELBERT this is a illustration month The cover - VERL F.S. SCOTTREEDER Advertising Business Manager: JOHN R.D.CURTISGILES

Fielding President Joseph of Director: Subscription photograph Director:SNARR A. GLEN

Smith of the Council of the Twelve. With

its publication we complete the series of fourcolor process portraits which, began with the picture of the late President

The Editors Page George Albert Smith, and continued with fullcolor pictures of the new First PresiThe Teacher David O. McKay 621 dency.

President Joseph Fielding Smith's

Church Features photographof Salt LakeisCity.the work of Lignell & Gill

Evidences and Reconciliations: CLVIII—Is There a Conflict Between Science and Religion? John A. Widtsoe 622

Joseph Fielding Smith, President of the Quorum of the Twelve

Richard L. Evans 624

The World of the Jaredites—Part I Hugh Nibley 628

Plates of Interest Relating to the Brass Problems Some OFFICES BUSINESS EDITORIAL AND B, Sperry 638 Sidney

Street Main 50 North 642 Larsen Bartholomew Marie Twice St. Blessed—Genealogy Main 50 North Offices,

in Life Committee Gleaner Happiness The Real St. Main Offices, 40 North 643 Y.M.M.I.A.Y.W.M.l.A.

The Church Moves On 616 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column 666 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Genealogy Funds, 1951 by Mutual 642 Presiding Bishopric's Page 668 Copyright

Melchizedek Priesthood 666 Inc.,Improvementa CorporaMutual Men's tion of the Young

Association of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subforeign in year, advance; price, $2.50 a Special Features scription

in 25c year, advance; a $3.00 subscriptions,

copy. SelfPunishment

City, Utah, Salt Lake Office, at the Post Entered mailing for Acceptance matter. secondclass Profane and Soiled Speech -,.....W.KeithDeanM. WalkerBelnap 635632 singleas

Through the Eyes of Youth—The Richer Life Barbara Benson 644 at special rate of postage provided for in section

America's "First"Farmers. John Sherman Walker 646 1103,1918. Act of October 1917, authorized July 2,

The Spoken Word from Temple Square.. The Improvement Era is not responsible for un-

...... Richard L> Evans 652, 656, 660, 662 solicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions.

All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Today's Family -Burl Shepherd postage for delivery and return.

S. Harris, Jr 609 Fresh Vegetable Chart 676 Change of Address H. H. Bailey..610 as Teachers, Parents

These Times, The Science of HuSewing Tips, Louise Price Bell..677 Fifteen days'notice required for change of adinclude please change, ordering a dress. When 679 Relations, DurBookrack G. Homer Homemaker's man

of magazine. the issue slip recent a from address ham old unless the be Hints cannot made changes 679 Address 614 Handy

.........661 the Bookrack is included. well as the one as address On new

for 680 Uses Old Felts New William for Speaking, Tests Three

Dorris Griffin 667 Your Page and Ours 688

National Advertising Representatives

Stories, Poetry EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

The Signpost. Joyce Knudsen 631 San Francisco,Russ BuildingCalifornia

"Dear John"....Alice Morrey Bailey 636 HENRY G. ESCHEN,

S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Wilshire Blvd. A Lift for Pat Alvin J, Schow 640 EDWARD 1324

Frontispiece, Mountain Aspens, The Mystery of a Day, Clarence Los Angeles 17, California

V. LYTLE HARRY Flynn 652 Edwin James W. Magee—.619 South Michigan Ave.

Field, Anobel Armour 620 Brown Poetry Page Illinois 4, 654 332 Chicago

Country Doctor, Eleanor A. ChafWe Buy a Beach Cottage, Grace SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

fee 630 Sayre 671 342 Madison Ave.

To Fashion Song, Inez Clark Reassurance, Mabel Law AtkinNew York 17, N. Y.

Thorson 634 son 682 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Parents as Teachers

(Concluded from page 610) habits. Every good habit adds to TEAMS PLAY BETTER WITH QUALITY

personality: Every bad habit detracts from personality.

The child who is not taught proper health habits from babyhood suffers through this neglect. SuffiBasketball Gearcient sleep, one of these habits,

should Learning an early desire. be

to wellFrom ZCMI at Team Prices! eat food, wholesome

balanced, without complaining, is a highranking habit.

There are other good habits in large number that every child callshould possess. The earlier he A representative will

acquires them the better. Among on you at your request.

these is the habit and desire to do honest work. In too many homes

and in too many schools, boys and girls are taught not to work but to life indolent.desire of the the or Scout HonYour M Men

isest choicest one of God's work will play basketball team blessings. There is no success or

better, more on championachievement without it.

The home that delays the trainform with the excellent ing of the child in good habits and quality cage gear available right conduct until he is six years at team prices at ZCMI.

old is just six years behind schedule; A representative will

this lost time is seldom regained. gladly and promptly call

Memory is a highly important to discuss your team part of the mind. It should be needs for the entire season

developed early in life. Among its at your convenience.

attributes is the ability to recall pleasant events. This should become a wellestablished habit, as

should the ability to forget the unpleasant. Blessed is he who recalls Sleek, comfortably fitting Ankle supporting,

only the helpful, the inspiring, the BASKETBALL SUITS Spalding, S. S. White

beautiful! Solid colors - - 4.00 BASKETBALL SHOES

- - 6.50 The characteristic of being agreeZebra stripes - 5.65 (all sizes)

able ought to be a common trait of Fleece lined, satin Official weight and size mankind, fully developed during the WARM UP JACKETS 8.25 RUBBER BASKETBALLS

child's first six years of parental (All lettering extra) 8.00 and 10.80

training, and then supplemented by Top grade, resilient Healthful, vitalizing school experiences until there is a LEATHER BASKETBALLS ATHLETIC wellestablished habit of agreeable15.00 and 21.00 SUPPORTERS - 8.00 doz.

ness. protective Absorbent, grip easy to Durable, is trained properly unperson No ATHLETIC leather PRACTICE SOCKS til live in with those he can harmony - 5.50 and 6.50 doz. BASKETBALLS 10.00

about him. Parents should never

forget that it is a superb quality for Select your needs from our complete line ot first aid equipment their son to adjust himself to existZCMI CONTRACT SPORTING GOODS ing conditions without sacrifice of Street Floor his high principles of good conduct.

One who can do this has pleasant living ahead, as do his parents, his earliest and best teachers.

There are many intangible habits for the parents to teach. Among

these are courtesy, kindness, appreciation, unselfishness, forgiveness, devotion, loyalty. What an opportunity and privilege parents have!

SEPTEMBER 1951 613 THE SCIENCE OF HUMAN RELATIONS

now that he wears glasses! Tt is commonplace, almost a daily exBy DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

perience, to hear some person proHead of Political Science Department, claim that the paramount problem in University of Utah these times is for humans to learn

Ask the teachers in school! to live together amicably. The issue

They'll tell you good eyeiseducationusually phrasedand catastrophe;as a "race"education'sbetween

sight often makes the difrole being sometimes emphasized as attitudes and outlooks nourished by ference between poor and "education for human relations."religion. This phenomenon deserves

This sometimes breeds enormities such attention from either "empirical"or excellent schoolwork. Be as the academic potboilers, offered ''philosophical''—valueconscious-andcertain your child is prefor two hours college credit or more valueimpregnated research.

by some "experts"under such titles pared to do his best. Have as "Education for Western Survival,"

the registered optometrist "Education for Better Human Relaexamine his eyes today! tions,""Civilization and Education,"In 1 927 the Western Electric Comand others—as if some of us profespany began a series of largescale

sors knew the answers and had readyinvestigations, with which Harvard made pellets for the body politic. Ah, University soon joined, into human

that we knew onehalf as much! And behavior in industry. A number of sigyet, there is much that we do know nificant volumes appeared in consethat we could use far better. Likewise, quence: Elton Mayo's The Human

it is symptomatic of the Problems of an Industimes that the effort is trial Civilization (1933);

made, via education, to North Whitehead's The win the race with catasIndustrial Worker ( trophe. vols., 1938); Roethlisberger and Dickson,

Management and the Worker (1939), and However a moment's several others. World

reflection will suggest War II brought much that all education worth opportunity for investithe name, since the activity first began, gation of human behavior in military has been "education for survival,"organization. Monumental volumes

eastern, western, northern, or southsuch as Samuel Stouffer and assoern. Certainly, the social sciences and ciates', The American Soldier (2 vols.,

the colleges of pedagogy have no mo1949), Grinker and Spiegel, Men Unnopoly of the field. The social sciences der Stress (1945), and War Neuroses

do have a large responsibility in inin North Africa (1943) stand as revestigating, isolating, and clarifying search monuments to this effort. Fort

any data which may assist in helping Benning, Georgia, current Army center men to live together, fruitfully and for continued investigations in the peacefully. The importance of religion field, has reported that 640,000 Ameriand religious systems in this quest is can soldiers "cracked up"from mental

SCHOOLTIME IS not overlooked by the anthropologist or emotional causes while in the servEYE-EXAMINATIONTIME nor by most of the historians. The ice. Administrative theory, as an

sociologists, for the most part, too, are academic discipline, is now vitally consignificance this the imof aware of of the prospects cerned with a "sciarea, have your child's portant together psywith some relations. of ence"old human The

eyes examined today! chologists. Others, including the polititraditional ideas of "chain of comcal scientists and the economists, mand,"executive controls, central

judging from their discourse and literastaff services, hierarchy and discipline,

PAY NOTHING DOWN ture, are but dimly aware of the are rapidly being either discarded or

ONLY $1 A WEEK phenomenaviews as vital.which Thethe anthropologistinfluence of tionmodified.underInsteadstrong ofcentralviewingleadershiporganizaas

Catholicism, Confucianism, Buddhism a problem in hierarchical autocracy are but dimly seen by most "oband whipcracking, modern social sciservers,"including the journalists and ence is showing that organizations commentators who feed the public its consist of conscious, strongemotioned Standard, diet of policyideas, vis-a-vis the curhuman beings who behave and act like rent conflicts in Europe, Southeast such. Consequently group activity,

Asia, and the Far East. Yet it seems the essence of any administrative

obvious to a literate person of almost problem, and executive leadership are any faith or social experience, that coming to take such findings into acOGDEN - PROVO - LOGAN - PRICE - IDAHO FALLS much human behavior finds root or count.

273 South Main in Salt Lake City seeks justification in the fundamental (Concluded on page 670) 614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

t0 three of the accePr "> I shown, this YSifuT! on for page only t Sende J YOUJvWhy the 1uMyReadiwj Qub OfferSa TO * <ond?r* in the Family ufuI,m books,embe"Wp Reading n,',kClub Founded lth to select and distribute books are which worthwhile, interesting and entertainttg

ily Reading is Club just what you have OF THESE < been looking for! Read, below, the how Club brinS you the very finest new books at FINE bargain plTJs BOOKS e COupon t0 the 'oin Club and ge t2l three books MEMBERSHIP theS3rt you want, without delay'FOR ONLYANY3

DECORATING APRIL ThorndikeBarnhart CREATIVE HOME SNOW ISLAND SUMMER AN

Lillian Rockows Budd The By Teller By Waller Magnes By DICTIONARY DESK for methods stepby-step Complete of courageous a mother's story story entertaining of really comprehensive book. The Conand The warm A

in home. your real wonders working to to be raise children struggle her illustrations, family's Teller escape tains the 700 the from 80,000

fullcolor "dem41 illustrations, 500 intelligent kind, and of youth, written, joys century to the pages. twentieth modern, Newlyentries, 900 loving—without etc. Pubcharts, rooms", onstration selfish cruel her or the help and life of the in featured simple Life, Martha's Recently accurate. nature and

edition, $4.95. lisher's edition, Publisher's $3.00, husband! edition, $3-00. Publisher's edition, Vineyard. $2.75. Publisher's

THE MAESTRO ALL PLANTS ABOUT HOUSE R EVE THE LIVE GREATEST TOLD STORY YOUNGER, LOOK LONGER Howard Taubman By Free Montague By Oursler Fulton By Gayelord Hauser By fascinating biography of Arturo A living indoor your an garroom Make retelling faithful reverent, of last, is at Here, in one volume Mr. A as boy, musician Toscanini man,—Is a guide on den what to"grow bringing story sublime of Jesus, Hauser's Himthe for lifelong plan amazing conductor. Written one by who and to color pictures, 27 and grow! howHere lives entwined those were and whose youth, scrength health through and for twenty studied Maestro the has of scores drawings. photos Pubandit. excitingly with to the His close moddiet. proper exciting everybook An edition, Publisher's years! $5.00. lisher's edition, $3.50. edition, reader. Publisher's ern $2.95. one read. should ed., Pub. $3.00.

THREE THE MEANINGS WIFE THE COUNTRY NIGHTINGALE FLORENCE LOVERS'MUSIC ENCYCLOPEDIA

Emerson Harry By Dorothy Fosdick By Van Doren Edited Taylor by Deems By Cecil WoodbamSmith

Fosdick's famous comDr. adventures hilarious of a The Man'as a Nightingale of of foundation the a think Lays musical Miss We

j plete in unabridged one now hattandwelling and they family es when!—trilogy, actually nurse, of she education was Contains summaries simple

of Faith, meanings to The for volume. the four cape months forced a operas, dictionary of ironwilled who 7,000 an yet'woman 90

Service better help Prayer and year. you delightful each chuckle on Acountry exin nursing. terms, short As biographies, revolution world 900

life. the Christian of understand way Publisher's page. every edition, $3.00. ed., novel. Pub. as citing complete a pages. source $4,50. book A8,500

NOWI OFFER! THIS MAIL COUPON SENSATIONAL MAKE WEWHY

this Club Reading makes FamilyThe Books Free "Bonus"THREE YOU BOOKS WANT THE demonstrate offer CHECK to howunusual memdistributes Club a Reading Family The CLUB READING FAMILY you the IN in Club bestbership the THE MEMBERSHIP WITH four free for each Club Book "Bonus"enjoyable boots at newbrings mostand much 9-ER, YORK MINEOLA, Dept. NEW CLUB. will selections books take. READING These FAMILY you editions! publishers'the than of excelstandards high the Club meet I checked have the books at Please three send once ThorndikeBarnhart me invited publishers retailare to monthlessEach interest, superior writing and first Gift and right the Books Membership as two at my Dictionary Desk will believe books they thesubmit meet subject can matter—and you lence,wholesome all bill for (plus delivery) selection, only $1.89 and me standards. Reading ClubFamily Our this fine r] library at build Island way home An a Summer up of enroll as Readthree. the Family a Also member me it selects then Editors of the bookBoard of purchase expense. extra books no The the of review month, send ing me, Club each a and enthusiastically to most Creativecan recommend Home for only $1.89 the each—inClub from of privilege I selection. the Club's forthcoming have are These books everymembers. which Decorating retail regular publishers'of the stead if in to notifying I accept not any advance wish do you can family your of read—booksmember prices to of to $4.00—saves $2.50 you 25% special selection, offered—at or alternate April the membook Snow pleasure, in with retainedto be and Q dollars. of your the And book when 35% (plus hanbers'only postage of $1.89 price each and pride. library withyour homeread is figured in, value of the Bonus Books Younger, Look I fees, and dues or There are membership no actually as as save you 50%! much Membership Means What To You Longer Live durselections alternates or four as accept as few dling).may

is for in charge There no membership will I ing As twelve months. the member, coming Join a Send Money—No Now Greatest Story The Club beyondthe Family the Reading cost selecfree receive club will in believe a with Club four a Bonus Book If book each which you Told Ever themselves.of the only books You pay tions instincts or finest of accept. alternates I to the every appeal

$1.89 (plus postage handling) each and let family, introduce of your us member Maestro The after the for books purchase reading you Mr. the Club to Family Reading you NOW,

All About House willthe review book magazine which Mrs while get choice of your you can ANY is It each to your not month. homecome Plants (Please print) of described the wonderful Miss books THREEnecessary every to a book purchase month as your here—two Membership FREE Lovers* EnMusic accept as as few four each—you Street first Gift, may No as selection your and one and Club cyclopedia All retain seyear to your membership. total for value only as $14.45 high—a

lections are complete, wellprinted new, 89! just the no mail Send asmoney, couNightingale Florence

will wellbound.and your books be..Zone...State.. today. City this And However, offer unusual as SI.pon

delivered to Meanings Three your The the door by postmantime, at withdrawn be any urge may we if 105 Age, St., in price Bond Canada: 21 [Same to to read! theready mail you coupon NOWi the in only good Offer U.S.A. and Country TorontoCanada Wife The 21 L Under

FAMILY READING CLUB MINEOLA, NEW YORK

SEPTEMBER 1951 615 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

wv <rJJau Jo cJJau, Chronowau \ J Lkvivch (Events

to "children's David accomPresident room"O. McKay A June 1951 y Q parents of small children combination Castle dedicated the modate

visiting is being Square built Dale Temple Ward chapelEmery (Utah) Petersen, E. speakMark 7 Elder Salt the rear of the Stake house. TaberLake title ing to the "Sons Sucin May

ceed Where Fathers Fail,"addressed nacle. Glendale Park Second Ward, Piothe radio audience of the Columbia The genealogical society of the neer (Salt Lake City) Stake, formed

Broadcasting Company's "Church of Church closed. Before its scheduled from portions of Glendale Park Ward,

the Air."reopening, August 13, it is expected with Elder George Ward as bishop.

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., of that more than fifty thousand rolls of The name of the old ward was changed

the First Presidency dedicated the negative film and many thousands of to Glendale Park First Ward.

chapel of the Mexican Branch, Temple books and records now in storage will Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards be to the annex. moved new The ( Salt City Lake View the chapel Indedicated of the Tooele

offices will dex Bureau be extended of the Elder Spencer (Utah) Tooele Stake. W. )KimballStake. Fourth Ward,

into of that the basement annex and of the Council the dedicated Twelve floor the third will be used as an exchapel of the Honeyville Ward, Box general superintendency of Q The tension the library. to Stake. Elder (Utah) the Deseret Sunday School

that Union announced visual aids two University's Brigham Young for release. ready film were strip The July 1951 Its 18 Leadership began. Week

is "Special to Aids inTeaching"is this In year theme "Leadership a for in tended the faculty use July meetorganized Santa Monica Stake of Uncertainty."Time 1 ing. is "Making Lessons Live"from portions of the the Inglewood recitals Evening Tabernacle organ

title ) the of film strip second will ( California Stake, and with President illustrated outside for lectures and the be used for the Garrett August faculty president Barlow, of the meetsummer were begun on Temple E. ings of that organization Inglewood before throughout Stake this organizaSquare.

tion, as president. His counselors are the Church.

\ j Nearly five thousand persons Elders Clinton R. Cameron and C.

"-*- over seventy years of age were Lott Hess. Wards are the Santa j -j President David O. McKay adfeted at the annual oldfolks-day outMonica, Brentwood, Mar Vista, Westdressed the opening of the fouring in Salt Lake City's Liberty Park. dale, and La Cienga. Membership day celebration commemorating the

is in excess of four thousand. Wards centennial of Nephi, Utah.

i\ j Monument Park (Salt Lake remaining in the Inglewood Stake are "City) Stake, organized from porInglewood, Westchester, Redondo, Pjj The Salt Lake Tabernacle choir tions of Bonneville and Hillside Lawndale, Lennox, Centinella, and and organ broadcast began its stakes, with President George L. NelTorrance. Membership is in excess twentythird continuous year as a

son, formerly first counselor in Bonof 5,300. Elders Spencer W. Kimball weekly feature on national radio netneville Stake presidency, as president, and Henry D. Moyle of the Council works.

and Harold R. Boyer and Kenneth P. of the Twelve effected the organizaPresiding Bishop LeGrand RichardBorg as counselors. Comprising the tion of this 188th stake now functiondedicated the Blackfoot ThirdFifth

new stake are the Monument Park ing in the Church. Ward chapel, Blackfoot (Idaho)

Ward (from Bonneville Stake) and President Austin Gudmundsen, forStake.

the Laurelcrest, Beacon, and Hillside merly first counselor "to President E, Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson of the

wards (from the Hillside Stake). Garrett Barlow, sustained as president Presiding Bishopric dedicated the

Elders Harold B. Lee and Henry D. of Inglewood (California) Stake, with Blackfoot Fourth Ward chapel, BlackMoyle of the Council of the Twelve Elders Lloyd Prestwich and William foot (Idaho) Stake.

G. in as counselors. Woolley charge Elder of thewere organization

Clinton theof this, as I Q President Joseph Fielding Smith R. Cameron of 187th stake was released the Church.

Dr. Asahel D. Woodruff, dean of second counselor. of the Council of the Twelve

the graduate school, Brigham Young Long Beach Sixth Ward, Long celebrated his seventyfifth birthday.

(California) Beach Stake,University, formed'began series an eightweek o President o David O. McKay portions from of the titleof addresses Beach the Long general Secunder dedicated d "the of chapel the Hood the ond and"Religion wards, with Compton and Problems,"on Modern River Portland Ward, (Oregon) Elder as bishop. Vernthe radio Handy Church hour on KSL. Stake.

Elder Ezra Taft the Benson of religious Evening services in many ofCouncil the the dedicated Twelve i Presidency anThe First of the wards carried and branches ajoint (Idaho) Oneida Stake house and nounced action of that by the pioneer theme.

Preston Seventh Ward chapel. First Presidency and members of the

Elder of the Matthew Cowley Counthe Council of Twelve, the Japanese In Salt Pioneer Day. Lake City O \ccil of the dedicated the Twelve ReMission has to been 'expanded now in other and places the where

dondo Ward, Inglewood (California) include the Philippines, Guam, and Church is established, appropriate

Stake, chapel. Okinawa. parades or other events marked the

Elder Marion G. Romney, Assistant The Church genealogical library one hundred and fourth anniversary of

to the Council of the Twelve, dedinow has in excess of seventyeight the arrival of the Pioneers in the Salt cated the Caldwell Ward, Nampa million pages of records on microLake Valley.

(Idaho) Stake, chapel. films. (Concluded on page 665)

616 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FORD TRUCK I 'My ranch 'workhorse'runs for 2%$ a mile!

POWER PILOT

helps STOCKMEN hold down hauling costs oil, maintenance expense and for gas, real the ranch,"On my cattle The Ford Truck POWER PILOT is a to only $123.51. That's repairs came thrifty Ford'workhorse'is my

Truck!"says George Stephens. a running cost of only 2 2h a mile!"simpler, fully proven way of getting

Like others who rely on Ford for the most power from the least gas.

Stephens was one of 5,000 owners low running costs, Stephens uses who rolled up over 50 million miles the moneysaving service available It automatically in the Ford Economy Run. He says: at Ford Dealers'everywhere. For meters and fires the

"The daily records show my 1950 more facts on the trucks that last rightgas, atamountpreciselyof

Ford F-3 Express ran up a total of longer and save you money every the right instant,5,109 miles during the Run. Yet my mile—see your Ford dealer. to match constantly changing speed,

load and power requirements.

Unlike conventional systems, the

Power Pilot uses one control instead of two, yet is designed to synchronize firing twice as accurately.

You can use regular gas... you

get noknock performance. Only

Ford in the lowprice field gives you

Power Pilot Economy!

Ford Trucking

Costs Less Because—This '51 Ford F-5 with special stock the 5-star and at slight added cost, rack is also a favorite of many stockthe 5-STAR extra. Whatever you haul,men. Body and payload capacity is there's a Ford truck to do the job. FORD TRUCKS

almost 5 tons. Choice of two cabs, Over 180 models. V-8 and Six engines. LASTUsing latest registrationLONGERdata on 7,318,000 trucks,

prove Ford Trucks last longer! SEE YOUR FRIENDLY FORD DEALER life insurance experts

SEPTEMBER 1951 617 I 1 I I II BOOKS FOR EVERY AGE 11!]> and NEED 1I M

I J. GOLDEN KIMBALL BOOK OF MORMON 1I

I Widely beloved and enjoyed, for homely New edition in large, easy to read, 12 wit and wisdom, warm, firm faith, and point type, a delight for everyone inter- 1 1i testimony J. Golden Kimball's story is ested in comfortable reading $3.00 I

in sayings, told sermons and anecdotes, Cloth I Richards $3.50 by Claude

DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS AND I THE MORMON PEARL OF GREAT PRICE I

I A professor of American Religions apAlso new edition in large, easy to read, 1 praises the Mormons with understanding, 12 point type—the two volumes com-

m sympathy and appreciation $1.00 bined $3.00 I

I Cloth I i NEW WITNESSES FOR GOD LARGE TYPE TRIPLE COMBINATION 1m B. H. Roberts, masterful exponent of the All threein-one. Same large 12 point I

Gospel, of the Restoration of the doctrines for conformance type; page page with 1 explains: Basic Theses Four editions. This edition is printed regular1 in I lined Bible leather gold edges, paper, on for WitWorld's 1. The Need New

nesses of God and bound $12.00 1

1 2. The Church Destroyed, Apostasy I

Universal REGULAR EDITIONS10 point typeall of 3. The Scriptures Declare the Restorathese books are available: 1I tion

4. Joseph Smith, a New Witness for BookDoctrineof Mormonand Covenants $1.25 and..$1.75$2.00 I

God Pearl of Great Price $.85 1

$2.25 In Triple Combination, leather bound, I

Bible paper, gold edges $7.50

OUTLINES OF i ECCLESIASTICAL HISTORY BIBLE STORY BOOK I

Another compact case for the Restoration, Elsie E. Egermeier's, Bible Stories for chil- 1

in historical sequence delightful, short, told well dren,i presenting stories 1 1. The Establishment classes of the Church for Primary School and Sunday

2. The Apostasy and family fireside and bed time read- I

3. The "Reformation"(or Revolt) ing. 650 pages, abundantly and beau- m

4. The Restoration tifully illustrated. Three styles. I

I $2.25 $2.95, $3.95, $4.95

I DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS A STORY TO TELL 1

COMMENTARY short fascinating, faith delightful, 138 II chilsection revised, stories building character pages, which by section 922 andi 1 fact teachwith parents dren which data commentary and historical love and and

I amplifying and explaining the revelaers enjoy reading and telling. "The best I

1 tions of Joseph Smith,, the prophet....$5.00 Story Book value in America."$2.50 1

1 I. i I II DESERET BOOK COMPANY 1I 44 East South Temple Street I Salt Lake City, Utah 1 and book dealers throughout the Intermountain West. I

I I 1 618 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph: U.S. Forest Service

MOUNTAIN

ASPENS Bf Jam* W Wa$ee

hey come in a mist of silver From morning's golden glow, Bringing their peace and their beauty.

Whispering dreams they know The lovely, tremulous aspens, Loved by the grave old pines, Loved by the meadow that brings them The robins sing their sweetest songs

A gift of columbines. Among the aspen trees;

The wild bluebells and roses send

Their fragrance with the breeze.

So tenderly, where aspens smile,

The mountain shadows fall, And through the dusk, the aspens hear

A trout stream softly call.

SEPTEMBER 1951 619 rfWJ)iS.

ONE MAN'S MEAT... MIRAGE VIGIL

By Eva Willes Wangsgaard By Thelma Ireland By Pansye H. Powell

night this away. sleep autumn not shall I far have too to gone touch its lake spreads mightyWhen after evenings countless will blue wings I be There ruffled This lavender the sand, deserts Upon this A iris silk I loveOf so much its in reflected clouds depths With bliss I the lie, of shall unconscious When stir, scented breezes When its trees along And clay. the live above those by Enjoyed who

that strand.disappears—lake mighty A will else as tonight! moonbeams long notSomebody take place But As my

it camouflage? be Could In plot house play, garden and

that lake to mighty proved be A this mountain swift, chattering these walk path of laceAnd shadow And fantasy, mirage. A kiss freshets change she bought. has To what

life, find in too, mirages, We I must not steppingstones, whitened The true, afar look from That will say, sheAnd rose. that "Remove miss

false. angle, another from But trellis flimsy That sags, I stay! this of magic. Here second One

is It of point view! one's these out, dig forAnd goodness knows to life in be seems each a moment Once

I've always hated flags!"Supremely clear and allenrapturing,

ZEPHYR SuchOne oftimesa kindare lentand usworthyfrom toeternity.be known.

GIRL ON THE FIRST DAY OF How could I sleep when I am capturing

SCHOOL By Virgil B. Smith This precious hour forever for my own?

By Alma Robison Higbee Searching winds brush through the trees the of leaves cloak whisk away And REVERY AUTUMN silhouette a piercing leave walkedSHE are set. trunk branch and twig and Detrick By Daisy L. well knowing through fields of summer, WButrhere

That days were winged, that each too, of a breeze sometimes, words of tranquility hour And the season comes be must NOW like birds, in love, soaring Conceived binds her gladly Autumn When Pressed flowerwise, if still the heart would. routs, a soul.. confusion through Sweeps hair tawny tell

Its beads of brightness when autumn Reveals pure truth beneath tangled doubts. With golden fillets, dons a russet gown,

roamed the lea >.- And walks in quiet reverie. Aware

And changed green clover to a Tyrian sea. Of all the pagan fragrances that earth

THE MIGHT AND THE GLORY In fruitfulness distils, the blazonry

Just yesterday she came from woods and Of color, and the harvest's bounty, spread streams By Georgia Moore Eberling On field and hill for eager eyes to see,

And turned the key in summer's golden Yet she is musing on the shy young spring.

door; Where prairies run to vast infinity, The timid promise in the jade green

Today, in history books, vicarious dreams And skies sweep farther than the strands

Would span the seas to seek the waiting widespread plain, Of sprouting grain and in the varnished store Where, like the ceaseless billows of the buds'

Of treasure hidden on some distant shore. sea, Sure flowering; recalls the fecund land's

You glimpse the swaying miles of gilded Swift burgeoning from vine and bush and grain, tree;

TURN ABOUT ThereWherelieswheelsthe mightof industryand gloryandof commercethis land. TheSpring'snoisypromiseurgencyis fulfilled;of summerthe humwhen

By Verdie McMillen turn, Insistent of the harvesting again.

And where closeknit the ranks of workers to seed. seed cycle is complete from The stand, that say all boys need a dogMEN to quietness, in content know She walks fires of forge and mill and homeWhere love, tricks, to teach feed. To

And if dogs follow boys about, stead burn, That golden haze will yield to gray, and

For both it fills a need. There lives the glory, and there grows the bring

might The still Nirvana of the winter's snow.

If grownups own a friendly dog Of a free people and their hardwon peace.

And treat it like a toy, For these a nation, resolute, will fight,

The dog seems lonesome now and then And strong in faith will die to hold their INTERCEPTION

Perhaps it needs a boy! lease!

The world is lightly held with freedom By Ora Pate Stewart dead, in the sat shade arbored poet And who would value life with freedom SACRED CONCERT to the muse, thought woo fled? A And

children deftly her out sought her But

Priestley By Anna M. in threes twos: and came And

xultantly the clear young voices YOUNG VISITOR "Whereworld?"did God stand when he made the

raise find "I shoes."cannot my Elaine V. Emans By the skies tower to reach of song above,A lights the in lightning bugs?"lamps "Who

listeners silent breathe ofAnd hymns is loose."tooth coming "My the longer is she now child who gave praise, NO attention to the cunning Her rapt in faith with the universeOne and love. evening shade gave pair The way to night:

quite elephants, nor does she behave ajar, Of gates very must stand of heavenThe high rose and round The moon air the assured newlypractised and With seraphim cherubim bend andAnd the pressed down of the leaves shadows And just attained ladyhood. one who's young Of listen, all enraptured, afar from lace theTo ground. Like upon

is It's that either not ever she awkward, offer is earthly heaven's crown. music theAnd shining cloud up moon.""A

if if as she she But should more wonders fleecy, flannel thing A this to portals "Unfold, that everlasting!"or or neither. me, ye remark Hear Make lightly disc the at copper Rubbed

if swell, of child. oh, notes triumph as lovely a she a mightyThe was tide And it left shimmering. And

if lovelier, will that the she ear beatsOf mature, be upon melody when And

Until, indeed, celestial gates swing wide. To me she is her loveliest, exiled "No muse tonight,"the poet sighed,

No other offering the heart can bring This interval from either state,—unsure And raised her weary head

Can quite compare with that of those who Of trivialities, and yet somehow Then sadly, dutifully, she tucked sing. Moving within a magic circle now. Five muses into bed.

620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA <5\55v?5&55Ss5\?SS

5iA /-resident 2>J 0. WcJC9

THE TEACHER

It is written that "he who governs well leads whose religion fits men for the struggle with the blind, but he that teaches gives them eyes."the forces of the world and, which enables

them to survive in this struggle. One of

A thoughtful work entitled The Religion these acting forces is the responsibility of

In Worth Having, Thomas Nixon Carver teaching, and the opportunity afforded in this once gave several sociological marks of Church for so many to share this responsiwhat he considered the true church. Among bility.

other things I find this comparison: There are others, also; for example, much

"Everyone is familiar with the intense might be said about the accomplishment of struggle for existence that is carried on among the Church in enabling men to win dominion the trees of the forest. It is asserted that over the forces of nature; in other words,

the struggle is so intense and the issue of efficiency in helping supply the material life and death is so sharply drawn among needs of mankind. Though this phase of our

the young pines of a thicket, that the cutting religion is glorious to contemplate and will of an inch from the top of one of them will establish in the minds of thinking men the doom it to ultimate extinction. Even that superiority of this divine organization, I shall

slight difference puts it at a disadvantage, merely mention it as one of the many comand it never regains what was lost, but falls mendable features which help to fit us in the farther and farther behind and is eventually struggle with nature's forces.

killed by its less unfortunate rivals. Neither shall I dwell upon the social ef-

"Now let us imagine,"he continues, "that ficiency except to suggest that anyone who these trees were conscious beings and capable will give thought to it, and examine the diof having a religion. Let us suppose further vine organization and the opportunity that

that one set of trees possessed a religion we have for influencing for good our young which stimulated growth and helped them in people as social beings, will be convinced of the struggle for soil and light, while another the efficacy and superiority of the Church in possessed a religion which retarded growth this regard.

and hindered in the struggle, is there any But I should like to draw attention to the doubt as to which of these religions would teaching force of the Church.

ultimately dominate the forest? Those trees Martin Luther once said: "Count it one of

which happen to possess the religion which the highest virtues upon earth to educate helped them would survive, and those which faithfully the children of others which so happen to possess the kind of religion which few, and scarcely any, do their own."

hinders them would perish, and their religion The obligation of teaching is placed by the would perish with them. Church first upon the parents, and the re-

"The issue of life and death,"he adds, "is sponsibility thereof has been placed upon never so sharply drawn among human beings them by divine command. But besides paras among the trees of the forest, but in the ents, there are tens of thousands of men and

long run the results appear to be very much women, and of boys and girls, who have acthe same"; and then, "if that be true, it will cepted the responsibility of teaching. In the

follow that the religion which best fits men priesthood quorums alone the number runs in- [or the struggle with the forces of the world, to many thousands. And if we add mothers

which enables them to survive in this struggle, (Concluded on following page) will eventually be left in possession of the world."I am grateful for membership in a Church

SEPTEMBER 1951 621 THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Concluded from preceding page) as ye do it unto the least of these my children, and fathers and young men and young women ye have done it unto me. (See Matthew 25:45.)

in the Relief Society, the Sunday Schools, the Thus the divine principle of service is instilled

Mutuals, the Primary, and the seminaries, we in their hearts.

have an army of teachers who have the privilege I ask you to think of the effect upon society, and responsibility of exercising what Luther if every worthy teacher, every one, will succeed calls "the highest virtue upon earth."in influencing only one other to love, to have

Now in furnishing opportunity for so many that same purity of life, and that same desire to get the development that comes to the true to serve fellow men as he has!

teacher, think what the Church is doing to help I once observed a young girl in her teens put this army of teachers as individuals to become forth a special effort to speak to the little boy strong in the battle against the forces of the that was by my side. I could see that she

world! wanted to recognize that boy, and that he was

First, it places upon them the obligation of glad when he saw her, to return her salutation.

teaching their fellow men by example; and there As we passed him, I said, "Who is she?"

is no better safeguard placed upon an honest "She is my teacher."

man or a sincere woman. "What is her name?"

Second, it develops the divine attribute of "I don't know what her name is, but, oh, she love for others. Jesus said to one of his Aposis a dandy!"

tles, "Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me more He used an incorrect word, but the signifithan these?... Yea, Lord, thou knowest that I cance he gave the word I knew, and the expreslove thee.... Feed my lambs."(John 21:15.) sion on his face I read, and in my heart I

Love should precede the responsibility of feeding thanked the young girl for the influence she those lambs. And these tens of thousands of had over that boy. Only in her teens, but what

teachers must have in their hearts the love of that girl will say to him in his class he will acteaching, the love of fellow men, and a willingcept as gospel truth; what she does in her life

ness to accept this responsibility with the divine he will emulate; and that young girl (with unattribute of love. told tens of thousands of other teachers) carThen there is a third requirement, namely: ries the responsibility, in a measure, of molding

purity of life. I cannot imagine one who has that boy's character.

soiled himself, teaching successfully purity to God help our teachers* to feel the responsiboys. I cannot imagine one who has doubt in bility that comes to them, and to remember that

his mind about the existence of God, teaching responsibility is not measured alone by what impressively the existence of a Deity to young they say, but by what they do, and by the opboys and girls. He cannot do it. If he act the portunities that have come to them to know good

hypocrite and attempt so to teach, what he is from evil. Oh, how mighty is the responsibility

will speak louder than what he says—and that of a teacher! Well might the Prophet say to

is the danger of having doubting men as teachthem:

ers of your children. The poison sinks in, and '... O ye that embark in the service of God,

unconsciously they become sick in spirit, besee that ye serve him with all your heart, might, cause of the poison which the person in whom mind and strength, that ye may stand blameless they have confidence has insidiously instilled before God at the last day....

into their souls. The thought of teachers at- "For behold the field is white already to hartempting to teach youth faith in God, when vest; and lo, he that thrusteth in his sickle with

they haven't it, is irreconcilable with consisthis might, the same layeth up in store that he ency, if not indeed unthinkable. So the third perisheth not, but bringeth salvation to his soul;

qualification is purity of life and faith in the "And faith, hope, charity and love, with an gospel of Jesus Christ. eye single to the glory of God, qualify him for

Finally, it gives them an opportunity to serve the work.

their fellow men, and therein magnify the call- "Remember faith, virtue, knowledge, tempering which has come to them, and indeed prove ance, patience, brotherly kindness, godliness, that they are real disciples of Christ. Inasmuch charity, humility, diligence."(D. & C. 4:2-6.)

Is There a Conflict Between Science and Religion?

the twelve Dm tfohvi A. lA/ldtdoe of the council of

Thequestionansweris, to"No,this thereold butis noeverrecurringsuch conmainsThis onlymust thebe so,conflictfor theofobjectpersonalof scienceopinions.and

flict."The earlier socalled conflict is religion is truth. Brigham Young, for example,

disappearing or has vanished. There redeclared that, "The gospel is a fountain of

622 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA truth, and truth is what we are after."1 This founded as to be beyond dispute. Therefore,

is the view of every intelligent and honest folin our day we assemble more and more knowllower of science or religion. There is the ceredge and wait patiently for a final conclusion.

tainty in science as in religion that in the years The somewhat differing fields of truth ahead only truth will remain accepted by science and reand conquer. Again in the ligion have also led to conflicts

words of Brigham Young, of opinion. Science, since its

"Truth will abide when error Evidences modern birth nearly four hun- 2 passes away."The eager dred years ago, has concerned

search in science or religion AND itself primarily with external should be for truth and more nature. Only recently has it

truth. Men's cherished opinReconciliations become interested in matters

ions and longconceived beliefs often fall before truth, if CLVIII othernot subjectcommonlyemployedto the balance inor truth is made struments. Rethe chief issue. ligion, though

Unless truth is allinclusive in placed first, w rniwer to tke \&Juedion5 of Moutk the field of there is neither truth, on the sound science nor respectable religion. other hand, gives first attention to matters of

This is illustrated by a wellknown historical mind and spirit. Science assembles the facts

incident used before in these columns. Aristotle, of nature; religion uses them in accordance with

the famous thinker of the past, taught that if God's law. This difference in their fields of

two stones, one heavy, the other light in weight, endeavor has often led men of limited comprewere dropped from a height, the heavier one hension to speak of conflicts between these two would reach the earth first. This was accepted human activities.

by men of learning for thousands of years. The The difference of opinion among men in their

authority of Aristotle could not be questioned, fields is usually due to the unwillingness of one so they thought! However, a young man, or the other to accept as truth the basic princiGalileo, decided to try it out. From the top of ples used. To illustrate, the extreme scientist

the leaning tower in Pisa, Italy, he dropped may cast out everything that cannot be seen several stones of varying weights. They struck directly. The invisible world, he insists, is closed

the ground at the same time! The men of erto man on earth. The man in the field of reroneous learning gasped! ligion insists that this invisible world may be

By this trial or experiment, not only was an known by man, too. The existence of God may

erroneous doctrine replaced by a correct one, be demonstrated with absolute certainty by the but a new vision of one method of arriving at use of other powers than those employed in truth was also obtained. This famous experiordinary science. When such differences arise,

ment is historically among the beginnings of clashes or conflicts of opinion arise, which are modern science. not really between science and religion, but

The experimental method of discovering and between men. Sometimes also it is the man of

testing truth may be applied in the fields of religion who is at fault. Recently a religious

science and religion. leader proclaimed that the earth was flat, not

Since both science and religion strive for round. Naturally certain navigators and others

truth, there cannot be a conflict between them. rose in protest. There was conflict among men,

Truth is unchangeable, the same but not between properly attested whether labeled science or rescience and religion.

ligion. Clashes come only when As the years have progressed,

truth is only partially known, or the tendency has been for science when men use unsupported opinand religion to enter each other's ions instead of established facts field. The unseen world is more

in their arguments. and more being studied by men

There is something ludicrous, of science; and men of religion are

for example, when intelligent men increasingly finding in external quibble about the age of the earth nature proofs of the existence and or the time of the coming of man power of God.

on earth, which neither science In their honest search for truth, nor religion knows with certainty. harmony between science in its

By methods of science, the earth lesser field and religion in the seems to be very old; by certain greater field is being established.

passages in the Bible, the earth have something than more We to appears be a relatively young morality alone to teach the peocreation. Neither wellclaim is so ple. is it? It to reWhat is how

Discourses of Brigham Young, p. 9. deem the human family.—Brigham

Hbid. Young.

SEPTEMBER 1951 623 child a young As years at twelve Fielding of age Joseph three years (left) old. (center) brothers with George and

David A. (right).

ONoraryJune degree4, 1951,of whenDoctortheof honLet- alogicalgether, andsocietya hasworldwidewrought genemira- ters was conferred upon Presicles of research and systematic acdent Joseph Fielding Smith at

Brigham Young University, this

President Joseph F. Smith and his son, Joseph citation was read: Fielding, January 1914.

"Joseph Fielding Smith, son and grandson of Prophets of God, himJOSEPH self a Prophet, Seer, and Revelator, and an Apostle of Jesus Christ for complishment. From his pen have

over fortyone years. Known and come in steady progression seven

honored for his unbending devobooks and nearly a score of illumition to the revealed word of God, nating pamphlets which touch vital he is also loved for his sportsmanreligious matters with refreshing ship and skill in friendly games. directness and vigor.

Capable of vigorous criticism, he is "As administrator of the Quorum also quick to extend counsel with of Twelve Apostles, he assigns to others the most kindly of men. none, tasks more arduous than

"From his youth he has devoted those he takes upon himself. As

himself to the preservation of hisChairman of the Executive Comtory, the forthright enunciation of mittee of the Board of Trustees of scriptural teachings, and the turnBrigham Young University he has ing of the hearts of the children to been its watchful critic and loyal their fathers. Under his hand the friend and remains readily apHistorian's Office and the history proachable notwithstanding incredAs a young man in 1911. of the Church have matured toibly heavy responsibilities. For

Elder Smith as President of the Salt Lake Temple, with his wife, Jessie Evans Smith, when she was matron of the Salt Lake Temple. Father and five sons in 1940.

Brother Smith in January 1914.

624 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA arship, for his life of devotion to its as a member of various business production and to its dissemination, boards, as chairman of the Church and for his constant encouragement reading committee, as a member of of education as the search of eternal the Council of Twelve Apostles truth, the University confers the for more than forty years ( to which degree Doctor of Letters, honoris office he was ordained and set apart causa. on April 7, 1910, at the age of

Thus briefly, and in a rather rethirty-three), and as a father and markable manner, was epitomized friend—and as a man.

something of the character and acIt is of the latter that I should complishment of the man who on like to give some personal impresApril 9, 1951, was sustained by the sions—as a father and friend, and

general conference of the Church as a man; but many other activities

as President of the Council of the and events in a long career must

Twelve Apostles, an office in which first be noted:

he had already acted since the death Joseph Fielding Smith's ancesof President George F. Richards, tors go back to the early American

because President McKay was patriots of New England, and in his otherwise occupied with his duties veins runs the blood of martyrs as a member of the First Presiwho died as a witness to the resdency. toration. He is the grandson of

Smith was shot by the who Hyrum

President Joseph Fielding Smith President Joseph Fielding Smith's side of his brother at CarthJoseph age Jail. He is the son of Joseph

F. Smith, sixth President of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, preeminent amongFIELDING SMITH preachers of righteousness, who as a boy of nine years drove a team of oxen across the plains with his

Fielding mother, Mary president of the (&</uomm of the Jweti widowed of Smith, in search where a home freedom could be found and where

By RICHARD L. EVANS God could be worshiped according

to conscience.

Through his mother, Julina thirtyfour years a member of the career divides itself into many cateLambson Smith, Brother Joseph

Church Board of Education, he has gories: as an earnest and active Fielding is also descended from

been influential in shaping the poliyoung man and missionary, as an pioneer progenitors. He was born

cies and programs of Latterday author and editor, as a preacher of on July 19, 1876, in Salt Lake City.

Saint Institutes and Seminaries and righteousness and defender of the In his boyhood he learned to work in directing the destiny of this Unifaith, as a tireless traveler among on the farm. He learned to work

versity. the wards and stakes and missions with animals, with nature—and

"His guiding hand has kept seof the Church, as a moving spirit with men, and inborn in him was cure the integrity and scriptural behind genealogical and temple a love of God, which love grew soundness of unnumbered manuals work, as a temple president and greater in his youth and has grown and books written for use in recounselor in the temple presidency, greater as the years have been ligious instruction in the Church. as a member of the administrative added upon his head. He partook

"Upon this man of spiritual scholboards of educational institutions, (Continued on following page)

A modern family in Israel With part of his grandchildren, who now number forty

SEPTEMBER 1951 625 JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

Association, and in 1904, became a served as counselor to President member of the high council in the Anthon H. Lund in the Salt Lake

Salt Lake Stake. Temple presidency from 1915 until

The Church Historian: Brother 1921; upon the death of President

Smith learned a love for Church Lund, he became a counselor to history in the years of his youth, President George F. Richards. He

partly, no doubt, acquired from his served as temple presidency counfather and his forebears who lived selor until the midthirties. In June

through so many of the scenes them1945, he became president of the selves. And when he returned from Salt Lake Temple, from which posithe British Mission in 1901, he tion he was not long ago released

accepted an assignment in the as the weight of other duties inChurch historian's office, which led creased.

to his being sustained in 1906 as As Author and Editor: Brother

assistant Church Historian. He was Smith organized the Genealogical

later named historian and recorder and Historical Magazine and

Happily engaged at his desk. for the Church, in which positions served as its editor. He has also

he still serves. been one of the most energetic

his writers the of Church, and Genealogical Temple and Work: preceding page) (Continued from

like his like his books, speaking and 1907 President Smith was made testiIn father's of his teachings and life, in their personal vigorous are mony and grew to manhood full defense of the faith and in their of faith. exposition of the principles of the

He was active in his youth in the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ as organizations of the Church, init was restored in this dispensation cluding service as superintendent through the Prophet Joseph Smith.

of the Sunday School in the SixIn addition to innumerable magateenth Ward. He also attended zine articles his published books

L.D.S. University and worked at include: Blood Atonement and

one time at Z.C.M.I. the Origin of Plural Marriage;

As a missionary: President Smith Origin of The Reorganized Church

was ordained an elder in 1897, and and Question of Succession, 1905;

then, 1 899-1 901, served as a seventy Essentials in Church History, 1922;

in the British Mission. He later The Way to Perfection, 1931; The

returned to Great Britain and to Progress of Man, 1936; Life of

Europe, in 1939, with his wife, Joseph F, Smith, 1938; Teachings of

Jessie Evans Smith, and directed the the Prophet Joseph Smith, compiled evacuation of the missionaries from 1938; Signs of the Times, 1942; The

European fields of labor in the early Restoration of All Things, 1944;

days of World War II, and reand Church History and Modern turned to Salt Lake City in NovemRevelation, 19471950. He has also

ber 1939, after successfully comsupervised the recent revision of the pleting this critically difficult asDoctrine & Covenants Commentary.

signment. He has long been a

member of the missionary commitOn the handball court with his brother David tee of the Church, and has officially A.ric. Smith, former member of the Presiding Bishopvisited many of the missions at

home and abroad. President Smith at the time he received

Other Early Activities: After his honoraryBrigham degreeYoung ofUniversity,Doctor ofJuneLetters4, 1951.from

return from his first mission, he served from 1901 to 1910 as a home missionary in Salt Lake Stake. He a secretary and director of the

served as a member of the Salt Genealogical Society of Utah to

Lake Stake M.I.A. board before which work and society, with its

and after his mission, beginning in worldwide and everexpanding 1898. In 1903 he was set apart as and important activities, he has

a president of the twentyfourth since been identified and enerquorum of seventy, which quorum getically devoted. He is today the

he also served as instructor. From president of the Genealogical So1903 to 1919 he served as a memciety, and has been since 1934.

ber of the general *board of the He has also been long interested

Young Men's Mutual Improvement and active in temple work and 626 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA His son, Milton, former missionary in Argentina, quarterback at

Historian the assistants, late Andrew Church and two The Jenson (left) nationthe U. inof collegeU. last year,footballhadinthethethird1950highestseason.punting record in the

history. Church Lund (right) William examine A. someand

He is chairman of the Church pleading for faith, for repentance, doctrines and ordinances that our reading committee, and as such has and for full acceptance of all the Eternal Father has prescribed for read uncounted thousands of pages the eternal salvation and exaltation of manuscript for the auxiliaries, of his children.

the priesthood, and for other orAll this, or much of it, perhaps ganizations of the Church and for the Church knows rather well, for numerous individual authors. His they have seen Brother Smith in

hours at home, early and late, are official capacity for more than spent with the hard labor of readforty years. But what many may

ing, appraising, criticizing, and cornot know so well are his personal recting manuscripts and proofs of and personable qualities:

proposed publications—an underFrom his youth he has been vigortaking which he has indefatigably ously interested in sports. He has

pursued. always been physically active, and

Brother Smith is also a scripturist for many years was a regular atof unusual ability. In the Bible, as

tender at classes at the Deseret well as in all the other standard Gymnasium and an able and enworks of the Church, he can turn thusiastic handball player. And

with sureness and facility to pertiwhen he himself isn't participating, nent and supporting passages of he is an enthusiastic spectator and scripture on almost any gospel suban encourager of his own sons and ject. He lives by, refers to, and of other men's sons in clean and

supports his position by the revealed wholesome contests. His son, Miland recorded word of the Lord ton, quarterback on who played

With his Smith son Lewis who Warren made the God.

11. sacrifice supreme the University during of World War Utah football

In Education & Business: He has team last year, had the third highest

served as a member of the Board of punting record in the nation in colTrustees of Brigham Young Unilege football.

versity since 1912 and has been a member of the Church Board of His Family. In April 1898 PresiEducation since 1917. dent Smith married Louise Emyla

He is a member of the Board of ShurtlifF who was the mother of his

Directors of the Beneficial Life Intwo eldest daughters, Josephine and surance Company, and of the Julina. Following her death some

Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Comten years later, he married Ethel pany. G. Reynolds who was the mother

All these facts, and the listing of of his five sons and of four of his these offices and activities, add up to daughters, and who died in 1937.

a lifetime of earnest energy in He later married Jessie Ella Evans which no indolence or dilatory tacwho has been the devoted compantics have ever been in evidence, and ion of many of his travels during in which early and late he has the past decade, the foster mother pursued his Father's purposes of his devoted family, and a grapreaching the gospel of the Lord cious hostess in his home, and who

Jesus Christ, writing of it, exhorting, groupJosephof Fieldingyoung visitors.Smith tells a story\ to a (Concluded on page 687)

SEPTEMBER 1951 627—Painting by Coff Dowding

An artist's conception of the brother of Jared, at the time of the Tower of Babel, crying unto the Lord that their language be not confounded.

Author's Note TPhe epistolary form of this series of articles, is the style the writer most comin which VL WORLD his views. Alexpounds monly

though "Professor F."to whom

these letters are addressed is a fending my religious sensibilities. is a great surprise awaiting you in

purely fictitious anthropologist The Book of Mormon is tough; it the next to last book. Far from

in an eastern university, he is thrives on investigation; you may being oversimplified, this strange

typical of many a real correkick it around like a football, as history is extremely varied and spondent, and the letters themmany have done; and I promise you complicated. As you know, the

selves are no less typical. If it will wear you out long before you missionaries in the early days of

and unduly "F."seems meek ever make a dent in it. the Church recommended the Book that teachable, with is because

the limited space at our disposal As to your first objection, you of Mormon to the world as "a it would be folly to engage in say that you are disturbed by the history of the Indians,"Indians long and needless controversies. apparent attempt of the Book of being one of the few subjects on

Mormon to trace the origin of our which Americans in general posIndian tribes to a single city in the sessed some information and on

My dear Professor F.: asNear600EastB. C.and Thisto a wouldtime asseemrecentto whicharoused.theirButinterestas a couldmatterbeof easilyfact,

warned you that you would find you to be a much too simple and the Book of Mormon is not so much the Book of Mormon full of limited explanation for everything. a history of the Indians as of their

as dif-I strange and puzzling things. It seems so to me, too. But since distant ancestors—people

Please don't hesitate to tell me you have only begun your reading ferent from them in many things as what you think; above all, there is of the Book of Mormon, my urgent our AngloSaxon forefathers are

no need to be concerned about ofadvice to you is, read on! There from us. The story of the Indians

628 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA only begins where the Book of 'J'he Book of Mormon is tough; it thrives on investiMormon ends: before that it deals gation; you may kick it around like a football, as

largely with those great citybuild- many have done; and it will wear you out long before

ing nations of the south, about you ever make a dent in it.whom you know much more than

I do.

But before the Book of Mormon are free to laugh at this, but if you and so forth, but always in a difever approaches your glamorous think / am trespassing, what would ferent setting; so that the test of

field, it has a good deal to say about you say of a man who tried to give an historical document lies, as we another culture, one that has been an account of life in that prehishave so often insisted, not in the much studied in our day and can toric world from what was known story it tells but in the casual destill be examined at first hand, of it 120 years ago! tails that only an eyewitness can

namely (of all things) that of the With the same unfaltering and have seen. The story of Jared and

desert Arabs, which is brought beunhurried step that led us across the story of Lehi have the same fore our eyes in First Nephi with a the sands of Arabia (and you must theme, the familiar one of the rightvividness and clarity which, I beagree that that was a marvelous eous man who leads his people out lieve, say much for the authenticity performance), the author of the of a doomed and wicked world.

of the record. The same book also Book of Mormon now conducts us There is nothing original in that:

gives us a glimpse into the life of into a world so remote, so utterly it is also the story of Noah, Enoch, the prosperous and civilized "Jews different from anything within the Abraham, Moses, "The Church in at Jerusalem"in the days of Zedescope of the Biblical or classical the Wilderness,"and, for that matkiah, briefer but no less clear and student, that if we would follow ter, the restored Church. But what

specific than the picture of life in him, we must acquire a whole new a setting! What strange instituthe desert. gear and tackle for the journey. I tions and practices! How shall we

Already, you see, this remarkable think we are agreed that it would ever be able to check up on such document offers to impart informatake a great deal of training for anyrecondite stuff? It is going to retion on no less than /our widelyone to acquire the background necquire a bit of doing, and so I would

divergent cultures. I leave it to essary to compose First Nephi. Now advise you to prepare yourself for

you whether an accurate descripimagine any man insane enough to a long siege.

tion of any one of them, with the try after such colossal exertions As you know, it is my unfortupossible exception of some Indian to write another such story, of equal nate habit either to write appallingly tribes, would have been possible length and detail but this time about long letters (twenty pages yet) or from source materials available in a totally different race of people, livnone at all. Since you have set this

the days of Joseph Smith. But it ing in an age far removed from the off by accusing the Book of Moris to the culture number five that other and in a wholly different geomon of proposing an oversimplified

I would now call your attention. graphical setting! As far as I know, story of the Indians, I am not going

The last history in the Book of not even Joseph Smith ever called to let go of your throbbing wrist

Mormon, which goes under the anyone's attention to this prodiuntil, Hamletlike, I have forced you to look upon a number of strange and disturbing pictures. Had the

Jaredites lived in a vacuum, their story would today be beyond the reach of criticism. But they did

not live in a vacuum: the Book of JAREDITES Ether tells us that they continued

PART I in the New World the customs and vices that had flourished in the Old.

If, then, we can only find out what people were up to in the homeland

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR, HISTORY AND RELIGION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY at that early day we will have our "control"for the Ether story. That,

as you will recall, is the way we title of Ether, is even more wondergious feat; we all take it for granted. handled the problem of Lehi in the

first. Itful in that opinion than the see the auwill soon Yet you my out was going what desert—found

into thortakes obtained of us the twilight have could world of Ether that Nephi on in the world was protohistory where the dim halfprecious little help from any matesupposed to be describing and then described shadowempires of Asia rials used in writing First Nephi. On compared the data with what Nephi

are only in our day beginning to the contrary, the former experience had to tell us. The task of checktake on recognizable form. As you could only tend to embarrass any ing up on Lehi's activities was

know, my constitutional weakness attempt at a new history, which greatly simplified by the. fact that

for whatever is vague and fuzzy would"call for an entirely new trainthe Beduins of Arabia do things has drawn me irresistibly to this ing and preparation. in our day much as they did them

dangerous area, and I have been What the author of Ether has to in his. What we find in Central

guilty artiof of lengthy is not but supply a number a new plot country—are cusall new Asia—Jared'scles that matters sensible scenery. peocentury props on and Every toms equally stable.

ple hold to be unsearchable. You sees its wars, treaties, migrations, (Continued on folloiving page)

SEPTEMBER 1951 629

THE W0R1D OF THE JAREDITES {Continued /rom preceding page) Babylonians. Last of all, the RusThe first chapter of our text

"But,"I can hear you snorting, sian archaeologists find evidence gives us warning not to be dog- "what about the evidence?"It is for the same thing in prehistoric matic about chronology. Three

one thing, I will admit, to read times. From these many points of times in the genealogical list of

Arabic, and another to lisp the reference we may project as it were thirty names running back to "the chaste Mongolian. From the isola- a smooth curve right back to the great tower"the word "descendant"

tion of Utah it is not possible to do Jaredites, and safely assume that occurs in place of "son."{1:6, 16,

more than skim the top of our mawhen the Book of Ether describes 23. ) As you know, in Hebrew and

terials; but if you will hasten to the very institutions depicted in other languages "son"and "deconsult the bibliographies of such these records of early Asia it is on scendant"are both rendered by one

standard works as McGovern and solid ground. In each instance, howvery common word. One and the

Vernadsy, you will see that even ever, you will have to be the judge, same word describes a modern Jew they have hardly done more. Until for all we can give at the present and Father Isaac as "sons"of

someone appears competent who is interval is a of sampling the is understood word eviAbraham—the

to deal with the difficult documents dence. thirty wait case, have to You may differently in each

—a Classicist who is also a Sinolyears for the rest of it. written differently. A personbut is connot

ogist, Indologian, an expert an on to fined text written a have would Please note limiting that are we Semitics, Slavic, Turkish, whatand of means no knowing ben when curiosity to our sort the thing of in not, short, another in to should taken be "son"Vambery—we mean that happened. exact time and The tomust content be our base specuit literal a sense and means when place of specific event any are nolations limited the materials on withancient merely "descendant."The ours. of concern are matters Suchin control. our justifiwhole Our perfectly well Hebrews knew when to dispute, always in open the and iscation that these adequate, are to distinction: like the the make case the of Jaredites they don't inas the case Lehi, of to prove what their kept they and Arabs Maoris to begin within discome guessing to prove, wantwe no more. And in their records the heads, and menin tance. that Bear these peomind are towhat going prove? we That tion of particular patriarch as- a lived their ple in lives far a realmcertain strange unfamiliar and that familiar the hearer sumed was from the removed current of worldthings in described actually Ether his line his to with next imdown history; in dateless a age they tookcould have taken place as described, portant descendant, the written their culture the from commonbecause actually they take did lists to being outline estab- a mere source thereafter their and were on reand particular connectionsplace—characteristically between until they disappeared own from those cultural very of patriarchpeatedly—in a name was lishlines—the the earth. difference whether What inareas which, to according the line, to his indicate enough which in battle a they had or one spot of theBook Jaredites acMormon, to in not did written be have out or one year another? another—in theirquired civilization. culture and full. Sir has Leonard Woolley is important thing that they The are those what "materials"And interesting to things say some on did battles for and, have purourto which so have darkly been we this his in subject Abraham. book pose, that battles those followedalluding? in periods. come They To least at to proves, Ether LatNow patterns of peculiar to warfareillustrate, let is that us there say a that Saints, terday "de- "son"and Central Asia. in specialize Wepeculiar royal the court in scendant"the both were used custom—of patterns.or the hunt, for example—described ancient genealogies, which thus do

in Ether. We find the same custom not present an unbroken fatherto-

described by modern travelers in son relationship. We are told that

Central Asia ( source number one ) COUNTRY DOCTOR the genealogy in Ether belongs to

Christian and Moslem merchants, (For my Grandfather) the second part of a record and geographers, and missionaries re-.... By Eleanor A. Chaffee that "the first part of this record

port the same peculiar custom in is had among the Jews."(1:3). So

the same region in the Middle Ages f remember him as one recalls we may regard the Old Testament ( source number two ); next we move * Not form or feature, but a heart wellgenealogies as the earlier part of known.

back another seven or eight hundred I remember his strong New England walls this same list and are thus faced years and behold: the spies and Stripped by harsh winter to the granite with the possibility, long suspected

bone. ofambassadors court the Byzantine that in many, Biblical genealoHis door was never locked—his rest unbydescribe the custom (source same broken. gies sometimes be read ben must

number three, and so on ), for which The horse's harness, ready to his hand, "son"and sometimes "descendant,"we are now beginning to feel a Waited the urgent step, the low word though men have long since lost spoken.

measure of respect! Moving back Many a night his buggy used to stand the knowledge that enabled the anthrough the centuries, we find that Outside a farmhouse, while he parried cient ruler to make the necessary

classical historians from CassioDeath distinction. The result is, of course,

grave touch With a eyes and made to Herodotus,dorus thou- a full Biblical sure that as our genealogies we years. by years thesand apart, mention same read them too today may be much the of faltering His was the burden breath

custom, and then slipping back Steadied: the faintest sound a doctor short.

another fifteen hundred to two hears. Incidentally, the genealogy in

thousand years we read about it in Across my life his passing shadow fell: Ether, chapter one, explains why

the records of the Assyrians and I never met him, but I know him well. (Continued on page 673)

630 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA He didn't believe in a vengeful God, but he did believe in signs.

was sipping orange juice con- "Just make me two sandwiches, stairs—Harry and Bob and I. ButShetentedly, enjoying the leisurely honey. That's all. I'll be home I put my foot down on Sundays.

Sunday breakfast and forgetful right after lunch. You said you By the time you've got the shop

that Sunday morning could also be liked dinner at night, anyway."ready to open you'll be a wreck

tense. Harry and Bob were enHer own mental arguments were yourself."

joying their flapjacks like hungry in full swing. Oh yes, Dave, you've "I won't,"he insisted. "There

little cocker spaniels. Her own said that before, and you come in are only a few weeks more of reeggs and toast had been good. Now deadtired at three or four o'clock, modeling work and then I can quit

it was only Daves the plant."

faintly hurried moveBitterly she told herments with his knife and self, yes, I can see it.

fork, the quick unob- I was thrilled when I trusive glance at the saw you so enthusiastickitchen clock that made THE SIGNPOST over the prospect of her suspicious that this your own business. But

was not going to be a i5iA douce J\nua5en it's running away with good day. us. "Is this what it's

He sat at the table a going to be like from few minutes longer, as now on? Never having

if conceding the need any home life, Saturday for some Sabbath comyour busiest day, and panionship with his Sunday you'll keep gofamily. Then he said, ing down to get stock

"Is my lunch ready, ready or make up the

Lois?"books or some other

She pressed her reason? Start working

hands together beneath Sunday and you won't the table but managed be able to stop it."

to say quietly, "Weren't "I promise,"he said you going to stay home firmly. "I promise to

today?"be home after lunch,

The obstinate line and then we can have had resolved again all the rest of the day around his firm mouth. together. What can

"I've got to get the possibly be wrong with work done, Lois.. I'd that?"

counted on being able She turned suddenly to work evenings, you away to make the sandknow that. And now wiches. What, oh what

with overtime at the was wrong with them plant, I can't. Saturthat after seven years

days and Sundays are of marriage she could all I have. Honestly, not open her conven-

—upI don'tuntilunderstandnow you'veyou tionstiffenedsay simply, "It'slipswrongand

been so enthusiastic because this is the about going into business for ourstair"It'sstringersnot a ongooda Sunday."example to the kids, sawing Lord's day."

selves."How was it that two such people

"It's not that, Dave. I've said so Eleven hours a day you're working could be shocked and embarrassed

many times I want it just as much at the plant now. You've got to at the thought of actually speakingas you do—"she halted and sughave one day off. to each other the words Sabbath,

gested to the children, "You're finAloud, she said, "We've gone God, and holy word? How could

ished now, boys-—how about going over this so many times. Look, I they be so normal, have Christian

up and getting ready for Sunday know how much you've disliked upbringings, prefer their own hapSchool. I haven't seen Snooper these years at the plant; I know py home life to night clubs or gay

since we got up. He has to be fed, you've wanted a fresh start of your parties, attend Church frequently,

too."own, and I'm all for it. I was just supervise their sons'religious eduIt took the boys an endless five as excited as you were when you cation—and yet be afraid, actually

minutes to scamper out. When they were able to buy the old sports afraid, to haltingly pull aside the

were gone she turned back to the shop. And I chucked right in, too, veil of shamefaced convention that

kitchen. Dave was already easing and helped tear down the old tied their tongues?

his arms into his windbreaker. counters and the rotten cellar (Continued on page 683)

SEPTEMBER 1951 631 SELFPUNISHMENT

amined for the number of large

By W. DEAN BELNAP, M.D. protein and fat particles called

chylomicrons. The result of the

test was that the chylomicron count longer we live, the more likely mounted rapidly as digestion proThewe are to die ( when death evenceeded. In the twentytwo-yearold,

tually comes) from causes asthe count reached its peak in three sociated with hardening of the arterhours and subsided to the low prefive hours. In the meal level by arteriosclerosis. disease calledies—a the count kept climbing older couple characterizedThis condition, by

hardened arterial walls, is accompanfor nine hours, though they got ied by a multiplicity of disease procnothing more to eat; and from the

esses that account for the majority staggering height finally attained, of deaths among the white races. It the chylomicron count settled down

is estimated to affect twentysix slowly to reach the fasting level percent of people between forty and only after twentyfour hours. "This

fortynine years of age, fortyeight couple,"said the scientist, "usually percent of those between fifty and eat too much protein and fat, of fiftynine years, seventyeight perwhich meat is the main source, three cent of individuals between sixty times a day. They do not spare

and sixtynine years, and ninety the cream or butter. The cholesterol

percent of persons over seventy content of their blood must be high years of age.* most of the time."

What have these chylomicrons Arteriosclerosis is a crime against tent, lacking appreciable quantities man in which bacteria have no part. of cholesterol. 2 toosclerosis?do with cholesterol and arteriThe major drugs of sulfa, penicillin, Experiments with radioactive,

and other related substances do atomtagged foodstuffs prove conTn principle there is nothing wrong the to protect fromnothing man clusively that the body builds the with protein and fat as food. In thecrime; however, with weapons highly chemical complex structure

essential. fact, Fat are they very

is the crime committedwhich are of cholesterol from any extra prois less important, however, much all see. to arethere for of us tein They not required to carry on bodily

protein. persons All normal than 3 fat with protein animalanimal function. and

carry some fat around with them their biproduct, cholesterol.

feel very if a The crime is murder but—who is HThe medical sleuths said, "Eleandstrangewouldwithoutlookit. andBut even

the murderer? mentary! Protein and cholesterol person never ate any fat, his own

The "medical crimepolice"have are accomplices! But there is much body would make enough from

taken the problem into the laborawork to be done. Arteriosclerosis is carbohydrates (sugars) and protein

tory. It is interesting that they have a disease of man. We must examine to keep him from looking like skin

recently discovered facts concerning man and investigate what happens and bones. Only small amounts

the overindulgence of most of us to protein, fat, and particularly of certain fats supplied by plants, in animal protein and fat that fully cholesterol in his body. such as the wheat germ, are needed

support the long since revealed "You, Mr. Heavy Meateater for man.

instatement found about meat Mrs. the and Plump and chemical Proteins are large moleForty—you fed have of Wisdom. TheyWord well supplied to be seem with the cules or even of hundreds composed

large amounts of cholesterol, found ingredients of arteriosclerosis. We thousands of smaller building blocks

in animal foods, to rabbits and dogs, wish to study what happens to that called amino acids. Protein—meat

arterithese animals developedand steak, fried big potatoes, French the form most commonly 1 ** It isosclerosis. in of importance la pie a had for and mode you chief of source man's beingused—isthis connection that to note the lunch. fellow young you And is for nitrogen necessary and

development of high levels of you seem to be about twentytwo growth, maintenance, repair, reprocholesterol in the blood correspond and your waistline is slim, yet you duction, and milk formation. During

directly with its rapid deposition in eat what you please. After you eat digestion, proteins are broken down

the arterial walls. High levels rethe same meal as these other two, in the intestines to their basic amino

sult not only from the intake of let us have another look at you."acids and are absorbed into the

large amounts of cholesterol, but At hourly intervals, the scientist blood stream. The liver takes what

also from a diet of high protein contook samples of blood from the amino acids it needs and reforms

freely from 'Quoted "Arteriosclerosis,"Wyeth, middleaged couple and from the them into the type of protein needed

Inc. Itallie. Brochure by Phillip **Numbers refer to bibliography at end of article. younger man. The blood was exfor the body of man. This require632 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

which age alone produces in the have arteriosclerosis as early as age arteries are quite distinct from twenty to twentynine.

arteriosclerosis. The latter is being The formation of fatty deposits

viewed as a preventable disease, just under the inner lining of the which is caused by an excessive arteries is the earliest recognizable intake of animal protein and animal manifestation of the disease. Recent

fat, commonly superimposed on the reviews of Heuper and Gubner normal effects of aging. and Ungerleider 7 give an extremely

Science has discovered that about reasonable picture of how this hapten percent of persons attain old pens.

age without contracting hardened Arteries are tubes in which three arteries, and that even a smaller layers can be demonstrated. Except

percentage (about three and onefor part of the outside layer, which half percent) of young individuals may be served by an independent blood supply, the rest of the artery gets its nourishment directly from the blood that flows through the itself. The "Medical main channel

Crime Police"This nourishment consists of have taken the minerals, vitamins, proteins, carbohydrates, and fatty substances all into the problem in the blood suspended dissolved or is consists smallment and laboratory. that It has been stream. shown to three ouncesof only two

a day. 4 Any additional these nutrients and other particles

amino acids circulate in the can pass through the tissue of the blood stream for many artery and make exit through lymph hours until they are broken channels back to venous blood.

down by the liver and kidTVTormally, all these nutrients are neys to a more usable form.

forced through the tissue under

This breakdown requires the impelling force of the bloodthe removal of the atom nitrogen, found in all propressure.

Very recent evidence shows thattein, with the balance of atoms being fat. into and The sugarmade various chemical parts of protein,

fat, and cholesterol can combine in is difficult for the liverprocess work and the kidneys, and the work inthe blood stream to form giant molecules which are predominately creases with additional protein inassociated with fatty deposits in thetake. The leftover nitrogencontain-

ing waste products and cholesterol walls of arteries to make them hard.

may be likened to clinkers in a These molecules form into droplets, burnedout fire and are just as hard the abovenamed chylomicrons. Unable to pass through arterial tissues,

to get rid of.

these giant particles remain imThese waste products, in large bedded in the space between the amounts, are damaging to the deliinner and middle layers of the artery cate linings of the heart and blood to form fattyprotein plaques. When

vessels. Any damage to these linthe chemicals of these hard deposits

the process ofings speeds up are analyzed in the earliest stages, 5 arteriosclerosis. their composition is virtually identiThe problem of hardened arteries, caland withcholesterolthat ofof thethe protein,blood fromfat,

therefore, has become most which they come. Progressively,

pressing to medical science because however, the smaller chemicals more and more people live to a good manage to pass through the tissue age, thanks to the marvelous adbarrier and are removed, leaving vances in the treatment of infectious behind deposits increasingly rich disease with such drugs as sulfa and in cholesterol.

penicillin. The old assumption that At this state, which characterizes

hardened arteries were inevitable what is now called arteriosclerosis, products of old age has been genthe blood stream brings along white erally discarded. blood cells, which are the shock

While it is true that old age protroops of the army of defense against duces a general deterioration of all pAULTY thinking and invaders. They battle with the

tissues, including the arteries, most wrong dietary cholesterol army of occupation and leaders in the investigation of these beliefs have shackled bodily swallow the enemy, only to conditions believe that the changes mankind in the past. {Continued on following page)

SEPTEMBER 1951 633 SELFPUNISHMENT {Continued from preceding page) cessive amounts of nitrogencon- "\7"e see, therefore, a multiplicity find their exit blocked by the hardtaining waste products presented of factors entering in to proened "tank troops."Tears develop for excretion, deposit in the kidney duce a chain of damaging processes

in the inner arterial lining forming tissue, at least temporarily, and that bring about the destruction of punchedout ulcers. favor high blood pressure. The rethe individual.

lationship between this and other Meanwhile, the fact remains that

Aeanwhile, calcium salts settle kidney disease is a wellestablished persons of and past middle age can out in the breaches, and the fact. no longer handle protein with the

middle layer, deprived of nourish- d. Cholesterol may be deposited efficiency of youth, and this gives

ment, degenerates. In the course in the linings of joints between the medical detective his cue for

bones to produce arthritis so charof all these destructive processes, 8 naming the culprit. Pointing the

the cholesterol plaques enlarge and acteristic of older age groups. finger at Mr. Heavy Meateater and

progressively block the blood e. Arteriosclerosis may reduce Mrs. Plump and Forty, he said,

channel. The projection of these the blood supply to the kidneys. "You are your own murderers. You

Any disease decreasing blood flow are digging your graves with your deposits into the channel causes the through the kidneys causes the reown teeth!"blood to clot. Complete obstruction

to blood flow is the result. lease of a substance 9that produces Since every wellappointed murhigh blood pressure. der mystery an epilogue, pressure, must have blood High an independis disease, order that ent to mention in as- f. Leary10 has found that cholesit be in may often found

sociation with arteriosclerosis. The terol deposits in the adrenal gland the body needs small amounts of

high pressure aggravates the condiencourage hardening and even cholesterol for sex and adrenal cancer of that gland as well as some hormones, vitamin D, and for fortion by forcing more fattyprotein others. material into the arterial walls and mation of bile. Furthermore, it is

by subjecting the weakened walls g. Heart attack is the most comvirtually impossible to arrange a

mon cause of death in the fifth and practical diet adequate for the to further strain, which may lead to their rupture. sixth decades of life and results body's reasonable needs without

These are, in general, the findings from closure of at least one artery including some cholesterol. But

of the medical sleuths regarding the supplying blood to the heart. The there is a wide chasm between such

murders; however, these same devast majority of such closures are a scientific and healthy diet and the

tectives have some other pointed due to arteriosclerosis. diet habittfally consumed by most

remarks to make before naming the h. Similar closure or rupture and of us.

guilty party. hemorrhage in a weakened vessel If all adults were to go on a diet

of the brain results in a paralytic low in suggestion animal foods—a called condition apoplexy utterly fantastic or a which sounds to""The following disease entities are

"stroke."Arteriosclerosis high and

its despite people religious many with, associated or caused by pressure, blood with rare exceptions, scientific effect and onarteriosclerosis. merits—the are the causes.

lives daily our revolutionbe would a. Patients diabetes, with sugar

i. failure Heart is the major ary. disease, pressure,high blood kidney

all in of cause death ages above cholesterol, with The war function, which thyroidlow and some

It forty years. results the from to in slow seems object the be the main diseasesother have unusually an

strain, tear of wear the heart and control arteriosclerosis, of be can cholesterolhigh the of content and blood. Because these people develop vessels, caused in the main by fought on many fronts. Until we

arteriosclerosis.

such high levels of cholesterol from have further light and knowledge in diets consisting of only moderate reference to other factors, it seems amounts of animal foods, they reasonable to try any and every should be especially cautioned to feasible method to reduce the

TO FASHION SONG cholesterol level of the blood oreat very sparingly of such foods.

b. As all of us grow older, we By Inez Clark Thorson at least to keep cholesterol from

to higher cholesteroltend develop levels as a result of decreasing GIVEspillsme the magic of wild plum that pilingCholesterolup in the comeswrong places.from two

efficiency of the adrenal glands. Its bloom in moonlit valley, butterflies sources: (1) the diet, and (2) forThe adrenals are extremely imAbove a rose, white lilacs banked against mation in the liver. Obviously the

portant glands that rest above each The dusk, the lyric joy of daffodils human body also gets rid of choleskidney and produce substances that And I will weave a lilting song and gay terol, for if it didn't, human beings allow the body to meet stress and That lives no longer than its natal day. would in time become walking mounstrain. If overworked, the aging But give me tales of dauntless pioneers, tains of cholesterol; consequently,

of the body is speeded up and high The thirst for gold and westwardturning another way of reducing cholesterol cholesterol blood levels result. wheels, is to increase its excretion.

The digestion of excessive proThe hurt of one whose dreaming bore no Foods rich in cholesterol include fruit, istein intake itself a stress to the yolk, meat, sweetbreads, egg oysinfant's ailing cry, tears, a widow's An that overworks the adrenalbody fish, ters, lard, butter, poultry,

I will fashion song And whose yearningglands. cream, cheese. and rhyme 5

c. Goldblatt has shown that exWill live beyond the riven walls of time! [Continued on page 672)

634 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Profane and Soiled Speech

into a man that tarnishes his soul, &i JCd B WJL but that which comes out. The superiority of wholesome speech is

at expression. has his turn The fully apspeech andWEproperall recognize the beauty of subtly disclosed when the listener a audience percomparison, draws utter articuability to preciate

unconsciously, that is complito thought. express late words We haps

filters to the person mentary who public the speaker venerate smooth and the student of English who his talk. Carefully chosen speech

speak correctly. While it comes is recognized as a mark of distincquite easy for one inclined to want tion, and it is important to note that

to speak correctly to do so, in of this earth life, it is a strange informal education is not necessary to unguarded moments of stress or consistency that some people chanachieve a high level of refined forgetfulness do we overlook the nel their manner of speaking in despeech. It is an obligation to ourtopcoat of polish so meticulously apfilement of the name of Deity. selves to sustain hightype conversaplied when it was desired to make To refrain from using profane, tion, notwithstanding a lower level

loose, is and smutty speech exhibited by others with whom we to adharsh impression and resort toan

i the tightrope on of a to talk. way that are vance profane expressionsand

is not in harmony with the beauty of perfection. To assist us in reaching Profane and scrubby speech

dignified speech? If we strike our out for this goal we must feel someoften uttered to demonstrate cosfinger a damaging blow are we enwhat offended by the harsh tones mopolitan nonchalance, and in the

thusiastic to exercise sufficient conof unpolished speech. Unless we hope of being accepted posthaste by

trol to convince our audience that the group. It is comparatively easy

speech is something we are too to win temporary acceptance by proud of to be guilty of besmirchlowering the quality of one's speech ing? It seems inconsistent to strive Consider it an obligadeliberately, but isn't it far better to

accept momentary nonacceptance at for polished rosexpression the tion to to yourself in the that knowledge a higher niche special trum, other occaon and sustain hightype conwill be exercising quality won in sions, then ignore the for and need versation notwithstandconversation?

unsoiled speechwholesome and as ing a lower level exhibIn some groups it is fashionable friends our on lesswe mingle with ited by others with to use an occasional tidbit of proformal occasions.

fanity to lend emphasis or to gain whom you talk. are shalt commanded, "Thou We attention. if Obviously, one's conthe thenot of take thy Lord name

is versation quality atit commands in will vain, for the not LordGod tention without profane punctuaguiltlesshold that his him taketh name in vain."(Exodus 20:7.) In feel some displeasure at such extion. The fervor and sincerity of

addition to this commandment our pression and delight in expresspurpose employed by a speaker will crucial emphasize points adequately ing thatSavior suggested ourselves with "swear refinement we we in natural a and his without way.. all; fail at neithernot to heaven, to the nor respond by of beauty resorting to artificial the coloring

earth."the perfect fail (Matt. 5:3435.) speechby and thereby. The profanity. of is language Smudgy

to againstProphet take warns of every excellent advantage Jacob one quite often a for coverup inability sin, including ofkind lasciviousness, of progressing the medium toward to find clever and appropriate reto has referencewhich anything will of heaven. kingdom be There marks. alleged The necessity ofthat produces emotions. lewd immediate temporal for our rewards (Jainjecting a profane eleand crude

efforts.cob 3:12.) will use of profane, minds The be enlightOur ment in order to be in vogue issoiled, refined, tastes and filthy language ened, our is part and we will questionable.

of that of which Jacob speaks. live on a high plane of satisfaction In keeping pace the with of ways

is direct in use not in the theWhile inspiration knowledge made and the in world, a trend to be modernscriptures of similar these that or is terms, a personal contribution being is perhaps, there necessity no forthe implication in sufficient unsullied should speech. be made profane speech, questionable parlorfor to that one lanassume such are Oftentimes to exposed we jokes, or stories. is immoral One in has building placeguage no the it profane talk vulgar and which stuffy not irritatingly and priggishstrong characters pleasing is perand to impracticable interrupt, and just because he takes pride deandsonalities expected as children us of the must endure we blasspeaker's light in expressing himself withinof God. Because someknow foul we It phemy and language. has the of bounds wholesome speech.thing will the of the of of said, and been God however, under such flavor speech a To with expressionsplan of salvation the it is purpose and circumstance, not what goes {Continued on page 664)

SEPTEMBER 1951 635...-..

rtUWVWMWHt W*%W\VWVWWW****WV*****%W 66DEAR JOHN"pgst?:;*! 'J'HE TWO words

Coming down the stairs, seeing the only line she really heard was lationship that had been between Richard look up, brought the one Beth Waters had given her them?

old rush of joy to Mary. She earlier in the day. They had met "He never asked me,"she could

longed to run to him, to be caught in a downtown store where Beth say simply, and it would be the in his arms. She did none of these was shopping for her trousseau, and truth. "I didn't break the engagethings, but instead, curved her lips Beth had asked her: "When are ment. There was never one to

to a controlled smile of welcome. you and Rich, getting married?"break."And still it would be true.

"You are prompt,"she said, and The inevitable question had In the beginning they hadn't needed hated herself for the inane obturned the little knife that was alan engagement with a ring and all servation about a completely unimways in her heart, but Mary had the traditional symbols. They knew.

portant point. smiled and ignored it. "Your anThey knew!

"Yes,"said Richard, after a monouncement came yesterday,"she "This is it,"said Richard. "Every

ment's hesitation. "I am prompt."told Beth. "You look radiant and man's dream of how love should be.

His lips were sober and his face beautiful."Yes, Beth did look as Beautiful, sweet, and—holy."Every

gentle, but Mary, looking at his radiant and beautiful as she had language of eyes and lips had been eyes, could not guess his thoughts. a bare six months ago, seeing Clyde another means of telling her of his

Once she would have known. A Jones off on his mission, vowing to love—every object, every circumquick intake of breath, the flicker love him forever and wait for his stance—and she had loved him, still

of an eyelash, his fingers tightening return, Mary couldn't help rememloved him, completely, without reon her own, and she would have bering. serve. It was laughing together,

known his very thoughts, as he "Don't look at me like that,"Beth dancing together, tireless talking would have known hers, exactly, to had said. "I know everyone thinks and working together. It was comthe same degree. That was more I'm terrible for sending Clyde his fort and joy and ecstasy.

than two years ago, or was it two 'Dear John.'Nobody sees just how "It is forever, with me,"Richard

centuries? Before he had gone on it is. I had never met Bill when had told her one day, "no separahis mission, when they had first Clyde left, and it hit us both just tions—never a minute without

fallen in love. Now he had been like that!"She snapped her fingers you."

home almost a month, and there for emphasis. That night his bishop called to

was no word, no sign that he still "It depends on what Clyde talk to him. His call to go on a

loved her, that things were the same thought, how it affected him,"murmission had thrilled and excited between them, mured Mary, feeling puzzled. What them both beyond all thought of

"Tell me about your mission,"was the nature of love, anyway, engagements or schools or anyshe said brightly, quickly, to hide that it could change objects so thing else. The thought of separathe desperation she felt. swiftly and so completely? tion grew on them gradually.

"I meant to tell you about my "Clyde was all right. So many "Everybody warns me that a mismission,"Richard said, thoughtfully. of his companions were getting sionary always loses his girl,"he

"I planned out, tucked away, and theirs, it was probably a relief to had said soon after. He had said

saved the things to tell you. They him. He's really nice, and I like it jokingly, but there was a flicker

they are not things to make light him, but people change in two of concern behind his gaiety. Then

conversation about."years, especially missionaries. Maywas her opportunity to assure him

Mary felt the rebuke, and what be he wouldn't have wanted me if he would never lose her, but a hurt most, she deserved it. I'd waited. Who knows? Everylittle point of pride stood in the

"I mean there are other things body can't be as faithful as you."way. He should ask her. Instead

that must be discussed between us, I should have told her, Mary she had jibed in kind: "I might run

things about ourselves,"he went raged at herself, sitting beside off with a handsomer man."There

on. Richard in the darkened theater. was no handsomer man than RichMary's eyes flew to his face. Sooner or later she would have to ard, tall, broadshouldered, his

She had no time to disguise the tell everybody: "Richard and I are curly hair unruly above features

panic she felt. Why was he so not getting married."Just like that. just rugged enough to be mascuformal? Why, if he still loved her? Then there would be that other line, thoughtful enough to be resoHer silly mouth opened again and question. The one she couldn't lute.

said: "We'll be late, Richard. The answer herself. Why? What had He must have thought much

curtain rises at 8:15 sharp."happened to herself and Richard about it, because later he said: "I

Mary hardly saw the show, and and that wonderful, indefinable recan't ask you to wait for me. I

636 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It was the fear that caused her Now she knew. She had always

to make the wrong statements in felt a little superior to Beth for her letters, give the wrong impresher lack of finesse, her very durable sions, and it was the fear that sensibilities, but it had taken Beth caused her to make the biggest to drive straight to the core of the 5aLie @->vl Milce il/iorreu to meet him at issue. y y mistake of all—not

home—tothe station,waitbutandto waitwait untilfor himnearlyat wanted"Maybeme if heI'd waited,"wouldn'tBeth havehad

burned and seated like a said. In one sentence, perhaps

coarsely, but unerringly she had tormenting flame in Richard's heart.

won't tie you with an engagement.

I want you to be free to go on dates if you want to. Two years is a

long time when you are young and popular and beautiful."

Perhaps that had been the beginning of the apprehension that had grown and mounted until it had become fear. Perhaps she had

wanted the reality of an engagement, a diamond to wear, a promise to keep. Perhaps her emotions

craved the jealousy, the possessiveness that proved a kind of love.

"You won't be going on dates,"she had whispered, "or going to parties and dances. If you can

stand it, I can."

"It will be different with me,"he reasoned. "I'll be working at the WKSSsstw,*>**** greatest interest of my life, someNow thing I've always hoped for, looked

that misunderstanding... neither ofwasthembetweenunderstoodthem likeanythinga hideousany more,fog.. and..

forward to. This is a high point

in my life, and I want to make the

it. will of best going on be

all the into nebulous midnight, words his train was in put when the Church, much same—school,You that fears emotions had early in the evening. and Mary family. to all the do I want you

"You don't understand, Mary. been refusing to face for months. things you normally would."

All of them meeting me at the train, She had waited all right. She

He had spoken earnestly, grip- a big dinner planned, and people had been so faithful there was no ping her elbows, his gaze burning dropping in. Why didn't you hope of Richard getting rid of her.

into her own. "Promise me, Mary. come? Mother said she asked you. She had read everything possible

It will help me. I don't want to I can't understand."in order to develop spiritually along

think of you having a dull time at Neither of them understood anywith Richard. She had crammed on

home while I am having so much thing any more, and that misunderNew England background, history, glory in my life."standing was between them like a and culture to be able to listen and

Mary understood then, and behideous fog, each of them listening understand intelligently when he lieved, and knew it would be all for a lost voice calling, listening for came home.

right. She had been proud of a voice that never came, watching Studying him under cover of the

Richard's reasoning, of his thoughtfor a wisp of wind to clear away halflight, she saw again how he fulness and his trust in her. After the mist and make things clear had matured. He had gone away

he had gone, she tried honestly to again. It was there when Richard a boy, a clean, sweet, unwritten

do as he asked, but it was no good. wanted to talk and Mary was page of a boy-—her, sweetheart!

Every occasion was flat and stale afraid to. He had come back a man—and a without him. "Dancing, parties, skating—mustranger. Now he was a person

It was the fear, though, that sic and excitement—all of them are of authority, a man with a voice,

had made her inhibit her letters to fun, but Mary, when are we going with strong opinions, and with the

Richard after the first excitement to talk?"poise that comes only from the

of travel, the first wave of homeThey went dancing, to parties, strength of spirit. No doubt he

sickness died down, when his own because Mary was afraid to talk. saw her in an entirely different

became more brief and less freAfraid of something, without knowlight.

quent. ing exactly what. (Concluded on page 654)

SEPTEMBER 1951 637 FROM DRAWING BY

GUSTAVE DORE

Zedekiah; and also many prophecies which

have been spoken by the mouth of Jeremiah.

And it came to pass that my father, Lehi, also found upon the plates of brass a genealogy of his fathers; wherefore he knew

that he was a descendant of Joseph; yea

even that Joseph who was the son of Jacob, who was sold into Egypt, and who was preserved by the hand of the Lord, that he might preserve his father Jacob, and all his household from perishing with famine.

(I Nephi 5:1014.)

I wish to call special attention to

Some Problems of

the words, "prophecies which have been spoken by the mouth of Jeremiah"(italics author's), which occur in the paragraph. "By the mouth

of"is assuredly not common English usage. We are not accustomed in

our ordinary speech to say that we intend to consult prophecies spoken "by the mouth of"Isaiah, Jeremiah, or any other prophet. But the expression is perfectly good Hebrew

idiom and seems to have been translated literally by Joseph Smith. The

fact that it occurs in II Chronicles 36:2122 and Ezra 1:1 does not

it necessarily he copied /-h.Jj. mean that d5u Jidneu Jperm,menu, V d5. version. English from our common PROFESSOR OF OLD TESTAMENT LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE AND

DIRECTOR OF RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY Lehi also discovered the genealogy of his fathers upon the brass records; he therefore knew that he

a descendant of Joseph who his through into Egypt,ThewhenBookNephiof Mormonand hisrelatesbrethrenthat thereign;beginningmany ofdownJeremiah'sto Zedekiah'sprophewaswas sold

returned from Jerusalem with cies were also found engraven on son Manasseh. (I Nephi 5:14;

the brass plates, their father Lehi the sacred plates. Let us quote Alma 10:3.)

proceeded to give the records thorNephi's exact words: The statements of Nephi regardough examination. (I Nephi 5: 10.) And after they had given thanks unto ing the contents of the brass plates

It is a wellestablished fact that the God of Israel, my father, Lehi, took the are extremely important to us bewriting on metal plates was not an records which were engraven upon the cause of presentday critical views brass, plates of did search he them and in practice the ancientuncommon respecting the Testament. Old Most beginning. the fromworld, of 2 In his the search brass scholcontemporary Testament Old the beheld that did contain they he And

plates, Lehi"discovered that they five books of Moses, which gave an acars severely question or deny comcontained the "five books of Moses"count of the creation of the world, and pletely that Moses wrote, or had as well as a record of the Jews from also of Adam and Eve, who were our first written, the first five books of our parents;

iThe expression "brass plates"is never used in And also a record of the Jews from the Bible. But the Book of Mormonthe record; dictates Nephite good Palestinian idiom

"plates of brass."beginning, even down to the commenceaffirms the truth of the old Hebrew

photograph of records in gold of Darius 2See and reign of the king of Zedekiah, ment of tradition that the first wrote Mosessilver of author's at beginning Ancient Records

Judah; I 8:2122;Testify; Dr. Nibley, Maccabees Hugh of the or Testament, five books Old

in Desert,""Lehi the Era, Improvement 1950, p. The the also of the prophecies holy And

706. L. also published it. Elder Ariel an Crowley has

interesting ancient account the of prophets, from the beginning, even down the Pentateuch, as we call concerning use m-eta) plates for writing purposes. to the commencement of the reign of (I Nephi 5:11; II Nephi 2:1519;

638 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 3:4-10; Pearl of Great Price: 12:28with them of the money that was delivered ask ourselves, how does it happen

13; 33, etc.) The Nephite record into their hand; for they dealt faithfully. that the Jews in the days of Josiah—

priest said unto Hilkiah the high And (together with the Book of Moses) "I the at least up to 621 B. C.—were withthe scribe: have found Shaphan shatters—for the Latterday Saints, book of the Law in the house of the Lord."out the Book of the Law, inasmuch

it the delivered to ShaHilkiah containing plates book brass "critical"as the at reAnd views least—current

phan, read it. and he Shaphan And in or one of Laban the hands the date, authorship, garding the were and

of his predecessors? Are we to supcomposition of the Pentateuch. Even wordscribe untocametheto king,the king,and andsaid:brought"Thy servback

the book of Deuteronomy, which ants have poured out the money that was pose that the keepers of the brass many critics especially contend was found in the house, and have delivered plates deliberately withheld the written in the days of Josiah (c. it into the hand of the workmen that have Book of the Law from the Jews?

621 B.C.), is of Mosaic origin, acthe oversight of the house of the ( Lord."They must have known they were

scribe the told the Shaphan king, without it. Such an action would cording to the Book of Mormon. And

priest the saying: "Hilkiah delivered hath

(See, e.g., I Nephi 22:2021; II me a book."And Shaphan read it before seem strange because certain indiNephi 20:23; cf Deuteronomy the king. And it came to pass, when the viduals were allowed access to the

18:15. 1819. king had heard the words of the book of plates in order to write the prophecies of Jeremiah. Perhaps the Book

of the Law was some other book than we have supposed, but that seems - quiteunableunlikely.to answer,At present,with anywe cerare

tainty, the questions I have asked.Interest But they are interesting questions,

shall probably obsomeday and we———relatlnaif to tk Brass Plates to tain them. the answers

Nephi makes another statement about the brass plates that arrests the that rent his clothes. Law, he interesting And other problems Many says, attention. Laban the our "And He king priest, the Hilkiah commanded and result arise as a of Nephi's words also descendant of Joseph, was a the of son Ahikam Shaphan, Achbor and

plates. the concerning brass One of the son his scribe, Micaiah, the had fathers he and Shaphan and wherefore

wonders how Jeremiah's prophecies and Asahiah the king's servant, saying: kept the records."(I Nephi 5:16;

inquire ye, of for the for their Lord plates, me, the "Go and place found brass on ) italics author's. seem words These

the all people, for concerning and Judah, their since keeper, Laban, former of the that recording the indicate to this is of that words for found; book a thoroughly unrighteous man. the was

is great the is the scriptures brass the of that wrath on Lord Hebrew

How did Jeremiah, or his scribe kindled against us, because our fathers plates had begun many generations not have or hearkened the Baruch unto (Jeremiah of 36:4), some words time, Laban's this before we how many book, all according that to do unto which representative other of the prophet not. Furthermore, it would know is written (II us."concerning 22:3- Kings in to the plates gain access Laban's Israel, tribe senior of in the translation 13; kept be SociPublication of Jewish

treasury, in view of the difficulties ety of America.) that is to say, in the

which Nephi and his brothers had in As a result of findtribe of Ephraim.

getting at them? Were they aided ing this book, King (See Genesis 48:5,

and abetted by Zoram, the servant Josiah instituted a famous his13-20; I Chronicles of Laban? We shall have to wait great reform. (See 5:1-2.) Laban may

for more light before these quesII Kings 22:14torical examwell have been a debe answered. tions can Another scendant of 23; 25.) Joseph Now the ple of writing arises problem because of arises, the disquestion Ephraim. what through

of the of the which covery Book Law the of the nature ask was may properly on metal plates We in in the the temple days was found to of ourselves Book the Law, how it hapof Josiah, the king of Judah. Here which Josiah and his consists in the pened that Laban

is the Biblical account of the disfathers had failed to gold and silver and Lehi's family, covery: heed? Many conserfor that matter, inAnd it came to pass in the eighteenth vative scholars have records of Daasmuch as they

year of king Josiah [c. 621 B.C.], that the held that it included rius. were descendants of

king sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah, the the entire Pentateuch, Joseph through Maof Meshullam, son the scribe, to the house while most of the nasseh—happened to saying; the Lord, of

"Go up to Hilkiah the high priest, that critical scholars have be living in Jeruhe may sum the money which is brought held it to be the book of Deuteronsalem. The tribes of Ephraim

into the house of the Lord, which the keepomy. In view of the fact that King and Manasseh, as the reader

ers of the door have gathered of the peoJosiah's reforms included in their is well aware, had been allied it ple; into deliver let them the hand and

that of the the oversight of scope a wider legislation than that generations before with the northhave workmen the house of the Lord; and let them give it found in Deuteronomy, it would ern kingdom of Israel, not with

to the workmen that are in the house of seem probable that the book found Judah in the south. A reasonthe Lord, to repair the breaches of the in the temple included not only able answer to our question would

house, the carpenters, unto and to the Deuteronomy but others, if not all, be this: The northern kingdom

builders, the and to for buying masons; and

timber and hewn stone to repair the house."of the books of the Pentateuch. As of Israel fell to the Assyrians

-—Howbeit there was no reckoning made students of the Book of Mormon we (Continued on page 670)

SEPTEMBER 1951 639 'One day Pat asked Jane for a movie date.'

Jane was "one of those little Mormon girls."And Pat? Well,

Pat was a good boy, as boys go, but he was getting off trail a little. And there didn't seem to be

anyone particularly interested in getting him back on it.

His parents were just ordinary runof-themill parents, interested in getting by in the world and having a good time while doing it. During the week they were sober, stable

citizens; but come Saturday night

they shed their sobriety and went partying. Sunday morning they

slept late, and after rising they **lolled the yard. around

And that probably accounts for the fact that Pat was as he was.

As with the parent, so with the child. day Pat asked Jane for a One A Lift For Pat date.movie

Jane said, "Of course. I'd love

to.""Okay,"said Pat. "See you about

seven."Pat had heard about Jane, because she had something of a repuThe movie was showing an old Pat laughed with her. "He played

tation. Of course, they knew each prospector having difficulties with the part well enough,"he said.

other pretty well because they had his burro. "You'd think he had been doing it

progressed through school toJane whispered to Pat, "He's all his life."

gether, and now were in the senior cute, isn't he? Remind me to tell "A lot of movie stars play parts

class at the local high school. But you something about him after the that are exactly opposite from their

Pat had never dated Jane, even show."everyday lives,"Jane said. "When

though she seemed to be very clever When they were walking home, I know something like that about and was decidedly popular. Pat said, "I really liked that show. one of them, it makes the acting

Now he had decided to see for And I was afraid I wouldn't."more interesting to me."

if they story the "handsoff"himself his in note teasing a with Then, the to the path up walked They It true. circulated about was Jane

it you because voice, was "Maybe porch long house. was Morrel The all of right, didn't because sound

let hand, hold your wouldn't me lilac bushes. Jane screened huge by girls with out the with gave he went it."I on to mind keep had my and glider. to porch a the led way least. kiss, at Well, a goodnight

little, said then a laughed Jane sit said. "Let's see. for "It's she early,"as he Jane, would bewouldn't seriously, "You very

sit little. talk a here out You and waiting didn't him I when right."it, keep She you're think lieve but

I'll tell I'm home, Mother and down, at seven. arrived went They he queerly. at her "You looked He I'll right back."be then to the movie. immediately As believe "I said, you really he soon know,"

"I'll waitsaid, "Swell,"be he seats, their in settled as they were walked on in that."think They do

he reached over and took her hand, silence for a moment, then he said, ing."

intent on holding it. She gave his a "What was it you were going to When she returned, she sat down

little squeeze as she placed it back tell me about the old prospector?"beside him. "Wasn't the dance fun

on his lap, then withdrew her own. "Oh,"Jane laughed, "it was last Saturday night?"she asked. looked as they eyes danced Her ear, "You'll his in whispered She about him. I read funny something

I could have his. "I felt so good the movie if you take But into burros. mind off he loathes my In real life

do that. And I do want to see this in the first bit part he had a chance danced all night."

show. It's good."to play, he had to manage a burro. "I could have, too,"he said. Then "Only—"he beHe settled back in his seat. That He tried so hard to be good that he he remembered.

was neatly done, he decided. And was a scream. Now, whenever they gan.

he couldn't take offense, because have a part like that, they get him "Only what?"she laughed. "You

her tone was so light and friendly. to play it."were having a good time, weren't

640 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA you? You seemed to be when you that is against our good behavior no hope for the other sixty to sevdanced with me."and wants to telegraph the muscles enty percent."

He looked at her a little sheepishto carry the idea out, this little "At least some of them can be ly. "Well, yes, I did have a good watchdog won't let the message go cured, then,"Pat argued.

time,"he said slowly, "but I got through. And if the brain can't "Yes, but even that costs plenty

sick before it was over."tell the muscles what to do, nothing of money,"Jane pointed out. "Be-

"I guess I just don't understand happens. But when you get alcosides, what about the rest of them?

boys,"Jane said. "You get mumps hol in your system, it makes this That leaves over half a million, even

or measles or chicken pox, and you little watchdog sleepy, and he lets if all were cured who could be. And

think you're killed. Then you go some messages go through that he all of them should be sent to asyto a dance, and you think you can't would stop if he were wideawake. lums or other institutions to be takhave a good time unless you drink So you do things you would be en care of. Think of what that

and get sick. It doesn't make ashamed to do if you were in your costs, not only in money, but also

sense."right mind."in human misery and suffering."

"It doesn't, does it?"Pat agreed. "That probably explains it,"Pat "I guess that's right,"Pat agreed.

"But then it helps to make a man said. "Come to think of it, you do

of you."some silly things when you're that "Oh,"Jane laughed, "I've been

Tell sorry. I'm to you. preaching Callan time Like the way. Johnny "Fiddlesticks,"laughed. Jane like to things the you some of tried to across a plank a walk mudme think"Do you of you any who do."

hole. his balance, couldn't keep Hedrink than have fun more Howard

Jones?"and we thought it was terribly fun- "I like to do a lot of things,"Pat

the to subrelieved have grinned, I see so anything don't ny. funny for Pat thought a about Howard to hike like "I and ject changed. it though."about now, to didmoment. have seem Howard fish, especially to out, and and camp asked. happened?"Jane "Whatplenty of fun. could dance He said, as he to know,"dance. You fell in. ruined Just about "He best ofwith the them, never he and

it of a consomething were though

I suit, his too, guess."tire. toseemed even when And to like tap learn to fession, "I'd

softsaid too "That's bad,"Janethe to close, after dances were about it school at I'd taken dance. have

to "His afford couldn't motherhe for hours, been dancing had you ly. other boys only there but two were

I either, one, a him guess."buy new thatcould see he thoroughly was

I it, couldn't taking and anyway his head. Pat shook it.enjoying that Pat contrasted

it."for schedule arrange my silent for a few were moThey feltwith the he had way on a number of occasions. It required a ments. "A lot of us couldn't arrange our

conscious effort to keep his eyes Then Jane said quietly, "And as schedules that way,"Jane said, "so open. Even then he had the feelfor making a man of you, Pat, that our ward M.I.A. asked Miss Nieling they were halfclosed. And his couldn't do it nearly as well as you son to teach the M-Men and

head! He hardly knew how to decan do it yourself."Gleaner Girls every other Tuesscribe that. Just sort of dead. But "But lots of men drink,"Pat deday."

"That's swell,"Pat said.

.:.-: -:"': '. "You could come if you wanted."

"But I haven't been to Church J-Je was going to ask her for a goodnight kiss, but for so long,"Pat objected.

he changed his mind. "That wouldn't matter,"Jane

said with enthusiasm. "You could

join the M-Men.

through it all Howard danced merfended himself, "and it doesn't hurt "I could?"cried Pat. "What

rily on, brighteyed and clearthem a bit. And they have fun would they expect of me?""Mostly just be a <|bod sportheaded, never missing a step. doing it."

drink. to or not smoke You and I guess don't,"he ad- "Well, we "I that as they have doubt much if it Pat, easy, wanted could you do

finally.mitted it sure "But anyway, it if left as fun they they would to. take and would you Howard sometimes."peps up me said. alone,"for as not Jane "And started."get you

"I wonder if it does?"Jane rehurting them, I read in a magazine Pat stood up, and his eyes were

plied. "Did anyone ever tell you just a few days ago that over seven gleaming. He held out his hand

what it really does to you? I mean, hundred and fifty thousand people to Jane, and she took it and walked

to make you act like you do?"in the United States are alcoholics, to the door with him.

"No,"Pat said, "I don't think and the number is increasing stead- "I was going to ask you for a anyone ever did."fly."goodnight kiss,"he said, "but I've

"Someone explained it to me "That,"said Pat, "probably was changed my mind. And I promise

once,"Jane said. "I don't know written by someone who wanted to see Howard before next Tueswhether I can explain it or not. He prohibition."day."

said there is a little watchdog up "On the contrary,"Jane replied, Jane smiled. "Goodnight,"she

here somewhere"—she pointed to "it was written by a man trying to said. "I've had a lovely time."the base of her skull—"that sort of justify drinking. He went on to "Goodnight,"he grinned, and he

keeps us on our good behavior. say that thirty to forty percent of started whistling happily as he went

When the brain gets a crazy idea them could be cured, but there was down the path. J

SEPTEMBER 1951 641 Twice Blessed

{Ljartkolomeu/omaw <JLccLarsen f ane

AT drivethe timeto collectour Churchclothingmadefora beenChurch,ableI wonderto survive,"if wehewouldsaid.haveAs

needy Saints in Europe, I, as many others in Germany, he had thousands of others, contributed my been bombed out and had escaped bit to help this worthy cause. I with only the clothes on his back.

placed my name and address inside the package. About a year

later I was very much surprised to wv*%%%*w%%*wv%receive a letter from Germany. I

there although no one overknew origiGENEALOGY grandmother's people hadmy nally come from that land. iWWVWWW******

Not being familiar with the lanabout the church. This I sent to

guage, I took the letter to an uncle him. In the meantime I sent other

of mine, to have him translate it I felt very sorry for these good peopackages with food and clothing.

for me. The good brother who had ple, so with the help of neighbors, My grandmother had spent over

written in behalf of himself and friends, and relatives I collected thirtyfive years trying to find the family expressed the deepest apclothing and sent several packages records of her people. She had empreciation and gratitude to memto them. They were so grateful for ployed the services of a researcher

bers of the Church here who had these things that this man, who here to assist her and a researcher so generously contributed to help was a genealogist by profession, in Europe to find information from them. "If it had not been for the wrote and wanted to do somethe records there. Very little was

assistance received through the thing for me in return for the things obtained on her father's line. In

I had sent to them. Consequently fact her own family group was in-

I had a letter written to him giving complete, also that of her father's some of the background of my family. Her success on her mother's

mother's ancestors and part of her line was a little better but still very pedigree. He then asked for a commeager.

plete pedigree with the family I had been much concerned about groups and any other information these incomplete family groups. My

grandmother was the only child who reached maturity/and married. All

the others either died in infancy or childhood. She had only three memMy grandmother had spent over thirtyfive years bers of the family of eight children

trying to find the records of her people. identified. Five were recorded as

"child"with no further data given, not even "male"or "female,"just an approximate date of birth and death.

My joy was beyond expression when, through the efforts of this good man in Germany, I obtained the necessary information to complete these family groups and extend my grandmother's line six generations beyond my present record.

The family groups also accompanied this pedigree.

That my small contribution should be sent to this certain family and be the means of obtaining such a wealth of information is indeed a testimony to me. "Surely the Lord

works in a mysterious way."

642 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA My work in preparing to become a Golden Gleaner taught me how to be

... --.. WT;;';::::.:":'::: y.:|.!::::::':.'-: a better wifeL

a better mother"-

and the girls of the Church accepted it!"

John was thoughtful then as he looked at her and said, "Connie, I know you're afraid of this big city, but you are really a very important person. You are a member of the

Photograph by Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- H. Armstrong

Roberts. day Saints, and you have just

achieved a most wonderful recognition. You know you should make

that scripture a part of your life and never let your light be hid under a basket. Why I'll bet it

really lots of people, and you'll could love this city."John's words REAL HAPPINESS *, J% won't be long until you get to knowm have been almost prophetic.

Dm Ljieaner Lommlttommuiee The cab stopped in front of a tall white apartment house, and ohn, the station, it's—John suddenly broke into her John, Connie, and tiny Billy hurhall of the apartment house. "J asit's Connieso immense!"said it, Andshe we'dthoughtsbetterwith,get "Comea cab."on, Honey, riedlong out of the cab and into the

"manager"door marked one Atfelt for the a of homesickness pang I just thinking "John, was about knocked. they stopped and A insmall that she had town Utah night. so Sunday Wasn't it wonderanswered charming young woman left.recently ful?"Connie's eyes for beamed; introalmost door. before the Then tall, darkhaired husband Her a second she forgot big city the

squeezed her around the waist and and her fears. ductions were made, the woman's

said to she gleamed, eyes Conand reassuringly. "We'llwinked make Billy tiny taken in had his John the nie, of a "Are member youit said. through,"he arms pulling and the was Connie by Latterof Christ of Church Jesus their tiny of son hand baby The the hand through of mass people afSaints?"Connie's day With skirt, tightly at Connie'sgrasped a toward cab. waiting They were firmative then the answer woman realized cry. to began heand She in the cab the to on their and way said, a you're Golden "And afraid big city with the ofshe was said, before apartment John "Hon- I, too, a Gleaner. Golden am itsall just people. afraid She was ey, do the you scripture remember of are several Gleaner. us Thereas tiny she stood her son was. As the bishop quoted night? Sunday here, only a we're even though station,in her the railway huge

light the are of "Ye the world. small unit of the Church. Wethoughts the went back to Sunday

light. Let your shine so together get in a while."before even once her.. sheevening just before and

men, that they may see Yes, John's wordshusband and their tiny son had your good works, and were prophetic becauseboarded the train for the East; the

it was only a short timeservice had been so wellplanned glorify your Father which is in heaven."until Connie had manywith musical numbers and a special

talk by the bishop. All of her (Matt. 5:1416) friends, and all of them

friends and family had been there. "Of course, John."as dear to her as her

Marsha was called up to the pulpit, Connie looked proudly friends back in Utah.

at the tiny gold pin city big seemed The thethen Susan, and then—yes, fastened securely to less frightsmaller and herbishop name. had called As

she stood there before the entire her blouse. ening with each new

congregation with the bishop shak- "Remember, too, how he had said friend she met.

ing her hand, she felt a joy that that he thought it might have been Connie many times expressed her comes only from a wonderful the guiding light in the hearts and gratitude to the Lord for the guidachievement. As she turned to take minds of the members of the Y. W. ance he had given the leaders of

her seat, John winked, and as she M. I. A. general board way back the Mutual when in 1940 the

returned the wink, tears of hapin 1940?"Golden Gleaner program was set

piness came to her eyes. He was "How could I forget,"Connie up. She had really learned the value

proud of her, and that made the answered, "when the Church instiof Golden Gleaner work.

achievement even more wonderful. tuted the Golden Gleaner program (Continued on page 656)

SEPTEMBER 1951 643 feel that I am one of the hapreal problem as far as Latterday

I piestthe world;and mostfor fortunateyou see, Igirlsam ina eralSaint timesstandardswe'vearereadconcerned.the M.I.A.Sevyoung Latterday Saint girl who is manuals and the counsel of the r o vl k ik.

just turning seventeen, who loves to Authorities about what the proper go out on dates, who would almost dress should be for Latterday Saint rather dance and hike and go horsegirls.

back riding than eat, who has a lot School work and getting good of wonderful girl friends, and who grades are two items we have oftenhas a family that is just plain discussed. Next year will be my Jke

"tops."This family of mine also last year in high school. But what

believes as I do, that I am living in then? Should I go to college? Just

a wonderful world, that I should be how important should education be—Photographs by Harold M. Lambert

happy and have lots of fun, and to a seventeenyear-old Latterday that my chances for real happiness Saint girl? Then there's the probare greater today than they have lem of what to do on Sunday. I So, as girls in our 'teens, it really

ever been. Many times my family have talked with my older brothers shouldn't be too hard for us to

and I will get together and talk many times about some of the felchoose what we should do on Sunabout those things which are of lows and girls I know who want to day if we can first of all remember, great importance to me and which go on canyon parties and shows on as we have been taught, that this one day has been set aside as theI like to talk about—the kind of Sunday and their "kidding"those

girl friends I go around with and who didn't participate in this kind Lord's day. It's to be a day of

the forget rest; a we day when idealstheir the of fun Sabbath. say on and They standards—the

trips, pleasure parties, the canyon if that fellows oftype go School you who to Sunday take me out on dates, and what we do during the and sacrament meeting that it and the movies for awhile and think evening. should be up to you what you do the seriously about our Church and the

Mother is continually reminding rest of the day. many blessings we enjoy as young

me of the importance of the associaThese are but a few of the many people because of being Latterday tions I make and how they will problems that we as young LatterSaints. During the week, if we're

influence my happiness now and alday Saints have to meet almost active and energetic teenagers, so my future life. Mother and I every day: what to do on Sundays; we've had our share of social and

often talk about the latest fashions how to act on dates; how to dress athletic activities. We may have

gone with a group of girls to thethe girls are wearing—the new properly; the kind of education we

styles that are coming out. Some should receive. We are thankful canyon, had a date or two, seen a

of the newest dresses we have nothat our Latterday Saint homes and good movie, or done any number of ticed are quite immodest. Strapless the teachings of our Church have enjoyable things. Certainly, we've

evening dresses seem to be quite given us the answers to many of been studying if school has been commonly sold in the fashionable these questions and guides to the going on or maybe we've been earnstores. We realize this presents a choices we should make. ing a few dollars during the week

working, if it's vacation time.

As girls in our teens it realty shouldn't be too hard tor us to choose what we should do on But now it's Sunday and a real

Sunday. chance to slow down a bit—to give

the spiritual side of us a chance to grow, to take stock of ourselves, to make sure that we're giving the necessary time to Church activities and study. All of the family going

to Sunday School on Sunday morning and sacrament meeting in the evening are, of course, natural activities for the Sabbath and two "musts"for every Latterday Saint girl.Church—aAnd there'swonderfulthe firesidechance afterfor

more informal Church instructions and meeting friends.

And what about Sunday afternoons? How long has it been since

we've picked up The Improvement Era and read some of the really interesting stories and articles that our Church magazine carries each month? How about taking down the family Bible or the

Book of Mormon and reading a few chapters? These two books are

644 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The dance draws to a. close much

too soon. It has been a dance you'll

e 5 o theneverfamilyforget.car tonight,Bill was andablesotoafterget YOUTH riding out to your favorite restaurant for a bite to eat, you start for

home. Again, some other words of

Brother Kimball help you to end the evening right. Both you and Bill

heard them read in seminary awhileRICHER LIFE back. This was his advice:

(/->enson youTheyoungdevilpeopleknowstothatcommithe cannotadulterytemptimDm1 d5arbara mediately, but he knows, too, that if he can get you to drink or if he can get you certainly two of the greatest books our young sisters realize the temptations necking and petting, if he can get you it if flaunting before they are young long enough, to men when to he can get do youever written and are the real basis sit in partly their bodies uncovered. leave they car late after your the enough

of our Church. Reading the actual I am sure that the immodest dresses that dance, if he can get you to park long

words of the Lord from these books are worn by our young women and their enough at the end of the lane, he knows on a Sunday afternoon would cermothers contribute in some degree to the that the best boy and the best girl will tainly be a profitable and enjoyimmorality of this age. finally succumb, and will fall. He knows

able adventure for every Latterday Saint girl. In fact, any good

book or magazine would be well worth reading on Sunday; also,

listening to good music, writing an interesting letter to a relative or friend, visiting with and really getting to know our own family and neighbors, making a special effort to see and visit those who arc sick and who especially need help and cheering up. Yes, Sunday spent

in this manner, keeping the Sabbath day holy in an interesting and enjoyable way is possible for every

L.D.S. girl. If we'll just take the

time to plan our Sundays in harmony with Church practices—to

During the week if we're active and energetic teenagers we've had our share at social activities; athleticmakewhile—theythem interestingshould soonand becomeworth and

the highlights of our week and days to look forward to. Yes, you do remember the counsel that they do have a limit to their resistthat has been given by the General ance.

And now let's talk about dating Authorities. As you leave for the You've pondered these words

for a few moments. The teledance that evening with Bill, you many times, and so has Bill. And

phone rings, and Bill asks for a date feel happy inside because you know so in a few minutes the car pulls to the graduation dance—the big you look attractive and lovely and up in front of your home, and the

formal dance of the year. Your that you are dressed as a Latterevening has come to a pleasant

heart skips a couple of beats, and day Saint girl should be. You have close. You've enjoyed the biggest

you breathlessly answer, 'Yes."a wonderful time at the dance dance of the year in the best waySaturday night finally comes—certalking gaily with Bill about possible. You have both rememtainly one of the most important the school year activities, trading bered who you are; you've rememnights of your school year. Have dances with all your old school bered the teachings of your Church;

you decided what you're going to buddies, dreamily sipping the punch and you've had a wonderful time.

wear; what formal it will be tonight? at intermission, and most important, As a young Latterday Saint girl

You want it modest in keeping with dancing to the soft music of your in my teens, there is another imChurch standards. You know it favorite band. portant choice I must make, that's

can be both. You've read a recent You notice that some of the concerning my schooling and the

talk of Brother Spencer W. Kimball, couples are dancing cheekto-cheek, necessity for continuing my educaand his words still rirrg in your but you and Bill have decided that tion for as long as possible. I

ears. Remember them? this kind of dancing isn't necessary should realize that the greatest

time. fact, for a really In good I is it career for can prepare myself beautiful Evening can be most gowns

it to both that cheapof you being a housewife mother, and and clothe modest if they But seemsand the body.

the Lord never did intend that they should ens the dance instead of adding to thus I should intelligently plan for be backless or strapless. I wonder if it. (Concluded on page 682)

SEPTEMBER 1951 645 Tn the incredible years of exploration and conquest immediately following the news of the discovery of vast new continents in the western sea, strange new edibles and delicacies were brought to European tables by intrepid conquistadores who, well aware of their vast potentialities, had garnered them among

America's "FIRST"Farmers

of truffle."Spanish ships later took

some of the white tubers to Europe. & In Germany, the potato is still misfirst truffle (kartoffel), a srohn Sherman {/[/ather called of that country to coming by way

Austria. Ireland accepted it ensubsti- excellent as an to thusiastically is indebted manModernday the at that time tute for oatmeal, for many the ancient red man

of the staples and not a few staple food of the country. Irish

of the delicacies which he relishes, emigrants to North America in 1719 all of which originated in the New introduced it here, the first planting

World and were brought to their in North America being at Londonitsperfection by the patience of prederry, New Hampshire, after historic Indian farmers. In fact, strangely roundabout journey over

about fivesevenths of any typical the eastern continent.

American banquet is comprised of The tomato, once called the foods which are strictly from the "loveapple,"is another important

Amerindian agriculturists. contribution which the red Indian

Corn on the cob would be an was enjoying long before its introunknown item on the epicure's list duction into civilized Europe.

were it not for the painstaking work Strange as it seems, as late as the of aboriginal Indian farmers in deNineteenth Century, this vitaminveloping this succulent food from rich "berry"was looked upon by the wild Mexican grass called the majority as a poisonous, showy teocintli. How long it took them 'J'he "Irish potato,"now known plant, sometimes displayed as an

to work the transformation is probthroughout the civilized ornamental shrub, its brilliant fruit lematical. world, is no more Irish than was never eaten. Perhaps the assumpIt is claimed that the aborigines Montezuma, It was first seen by tion was based on the fact that the

had more varieties of maize than a white explorer, Pedro de Cieza tomato and its second cousin, the we have today, and there is evidence de Leon, in 1583, when he found potato, both are of the deadly nightfamily. shade to be grain the firstthat maize was Indians and growing Colombian staid Indian have would The suited Indiansdomesticated. The cultivating mountain it on their as shenanigans such frowned on a having climates, tovarieties slopes. cultured white the man's mark in three that ripened of cornvariety

months, admirable for the short Halloween, but he planted pumpgrowing season in Canada; and in art of farming may have started kins, as well as squash and climbthe Texas region they grew a type on this continent and spread to ing beans, among the corn rows.

that matured in five months. Out Europe through Asia. Certain it Ancient canals may still be spotted

of experimental types developed is that the American Indian was far over what were once farm regions some unusual specimens such as advanced when Christopher Columof the Indians, evidence of their use of irrigation for crop raising. flint corn, dent corn—and they bus touched shore in the Bahamas

were feasting on popcorn several on October 12, 1492. Expecting Although cotton was known in

long ages before its crunch and to find himself among barbarians, the Old World in ancient times, crackle became the complementary he found a race advanced in agrisome of the best modern varieties accompaniment to the white man's cultural pursuits, turning out cerwere developed by the American movie melodrama. Just as Ameritain strange and delicious edibles. Indian. So fine was the cotton

can is the fragrantlypackaged The Irish potato is really no grown by the Mayan and Mexican chewing gum, also an aboriginal more Irish than was Montezuma. Indians that the Spaniards took it

indulgence. Central American InPedro de Cieza de Leon, a confor silk; and so strong its fibers that

dians were chewing chicle—the tinental traveler, was supposedly padded armor was made from it.

elasticstick—someessencegenerationsof the modernbefore thepotato,firstwhen,whiteinman1538,toonhavean expediseen a institution,And whatthewouldsodathatfountain,Americando

North American manufacturers retion to Colombia, he discovered the without its favorite ingredient?

alized its possibilities. tempting treat on the native bill of Such fancy fountain specials as

It has even been stated that the fare. He described it as a "kind [Concluded on page 650)

646 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA YOU CAN PEPENP ON NEWS FROM KSL

KSL is the only Intermountain radio station using both radio and newspaper wires of two great worldwide newsgathering organizations. More than 235,000

words a day pour into the KSL newsroom from all parts of the world. Trained KSL reporters condense and edit

this wealth of material, bringing you accurate, comprehensive, upto-theminute summaries of all that's interesting and important around the world and here at home.

Paul Royall

7:45 a.m. and 12 noon 5:30Allenp.m. Jensenweekdays 10:30Deanp.m.Bennettnightly

weekdays 8:30 a.m. Sundays

50,000 WATTS CBSSEPTEMBER 1951 KSL 647

iitUitjuu'Jied0

for Strength, Durability and Beauty

For three generations Freedom of Worship

has been a proud heritage of America.

From the Atlantic seaboard to the Western frontier, everywhere churches have become the cornerstones of communities. And America

is reawakening today to the importance of the church in modern society... building places

where youth may grow in character as they grow in stature... centers of wholesome recreation

and spiritual development. Patterned on the best

experience of the past, these modern structures incorporate a wealth of new ideas in science, art and engineering. But one remarkable

fact remains: Brick today, as in the past, is still

the preferred masonry material.

For wherever strength, beauty and durability

are desired, experience dictates brick.

"First"America's Farmers (Concluded page 646) PLANNED FOR YOUR HAPPINESS from fudge sundaes and whippedcream- topped hot chocolate trace back to the fragrant, foamy choclatl which was a favorite of the ancient Aztecs, for the Indians first utilized the cacao bean, native to tropical

America and the West Indies.

Many of the medicinal drugs used today were discovered and first employed by the American Indians, such as ipecac, cascara, quinine, and balsam Peru. Cocaine is derived

from coca, another plant native to

South America, with whose medicinal and anesthetic properties the

familiar. StoJlfi tfj Indians were believed to have been It seems likely that quite a numMW

ber of plants, herbs, and even weeds, which modern man has overthe No. Design 4-Square 5138 from Book of Homes. looked in his concentration on synthis scores of other attractive Plans for and homes

are available through our office. thetics, were beneficially used by the

Indians, such as malva, a weed of

Mexico, once a food of the early

Aztecs and known to contain every element needed by the human body.

Their knowledge of certain mysteHere's a home that's planned with you in view... that rious "wonder drugs"was proincorporates a wonderful amount of livability in slightly found.

over one thousand square feet of space. See the floor The Incas of Peru sealed sepulchres of their leaders with a glue plan for this at TriState. And a word to the wise: If you plan

which has defied analysis or duplito build this year, we suggest you get under way right cation in the most advanced scienaway. Materials are in good supply, labor is available tific laboratories. Strange clay balls

and we have the latest information on financing requirefilled with mysterious gray powders ments. Come in today. were unearthed from these sepulchres and when analyzed were

found to contain marvelous properties. Funridine, a curative tea, was

brewed by them ages ago, and only recently has the atomicage chemist attempted to produce it.

Vegecarsal imide, a curious, highly mineralized soil in complex association with humus matter, was the

Incan farmer's ideal soil builder.

This industrious, ingenious agriculturist of the ancient times tilled the soil and solved the secrets of

HERB MEDICINE HOMEMADE JAMS thefew plantsof whoseof thecontributionsAmericas, toall civitoo W lized man have been acknowledged. BOOK FREE \S and jEtuEs mn

Here's a 32page booklet full of valuable interm- cost cess their formation herbs, use about and benefits. >

the various of comsymptoms m *k\WHHMAM WITH relief states and be monIt describesailments how may obtained. It also contains a list of vitamins

found in food and a chart showing how to make foods taste delicious by seasoning with herbs. **5:

Write for your copy today absolutely free and postpaid.

NATURE'S HERB CO., Div. IE-1

345 O'Farrell St., San Francisco

MORE FOR YOUR MONEY,'650 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA &f-jS.it

>.'- /,;:>m SAtmaj&s-

BY COLLEGE, vonxrr CUSTOM FOOTBALL JUNIOR COLLEGE AND

HIGH SCHOOL LEAGUES FOR VARSITY PLAY

After 195051 testing, a great many Leagues have officially adopted the Voit XF9 for game play. In addition,

hundreds of other schools will play one or more varsity games to prove to themselves these 3 tremendous advantages of Voit over other footballs:

Better passing and handling. Kicks same E I E I n YCQ 1 DRY as leather.

Vastly superior passing and handling I E I n V CQ *%A* 1A#WW EE TI EriELU,.,Ar7 Eliminates (does nQf gef s,jppery) bad

kicks also caused by slippery ball.

prMw?,9ht, 3. WET OR DRY...XF9.:size, shape, l5Spertormance.li

* This is an entirely new ball, and should not be confused with any other football built now or in the past.

NEW YORK 10, CHICAGO 10, LOS ANGELES 1 1

SEPTEMBER 1951 651:/ic>csSi>i

feat**''***"*'ft WESTERMLOCKERAP Jke Spirit and tk i FROZEN MEATSCT FISH, FOWL # <=U-etter or the <JLau)

AND GAME RICHARD L EVANS Cince Paul the Apostle wrote of it—since then and long

& before—the spirit and the letter of the law have long % come in for comment. Certainly we cannot get along without

Western M either the spirit or the letter of the law. There must be

both. The law is dead without the spirit, and it may be

weak without the letter. But one difficulty with overlocke emphasizing the letter of the law is that men may use it

without wisdom, without discretion, without taking into account individual situations and circumstances. Another

for your choice right wrap The fish, fowl, game! difficulty with the letter is that men make so many laws of meat, cuts

WESTERN LOCKERAP is the that they come in conflict and cause confusion. In all

waxed paper wrap that gives organized activities there must be rules and regulations perfect protection... seals in the but there is no rule book made by man that can cover all

juices flavorful color and natural enthe individual variations and that can meet all the emermeal-time for so essential joyment... locks in the fresh, gencies. So, even when we have the letter of the law, we

wonderful goodness of quickmust never forget that a large part of the strength of any frozen meats. person or of any people lies in individual resourcefulness

housewives of choice First ability in the ingenuity, in and inventive selfreliance, and in the operators plant locker and themselves. for For decide to think individuals and of west, LOCKERAP WESTERN all people progress, for and peace safety and survival, or grocer's is available at your

locker plant. Ask today for must fit themselves into organized entities; yet history has

WESTERN LOCKERAP! proved repeatedly that peace and progress and human

happiness are impaired when a comparatively few men and a few minds attempt to fit all others into a confining "format."If men are to be at their best, and if voluntary "societies are to be at their strongest and safest, men must astfsfe have wide latitude within which to use their own initiative. And to the degree to which we attempt to suppress

individual initiative, to that degree we tend to trade the surpassing strength of free men for the weaknesses of an enslaved society. And so, sound, safe freedom would

seem to suggest teaching simple, sound principles and selfreliance and individual initiative, and allowing the free spirit of the soul of man to operate within the limits

FREE colorful guide to help of a minimum amount of law, with the least possible comyou prepare, protect and preplexity.

serve your quickfrozen foods.

Write now to Western Waxed Portland, North Co., Paper

copy Your Oregon. will be Ulte >pohen WoJ"Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

mailed at once. PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM, JUNE 24, 1951

Roll contains Copyright, 1951 ISOWESTERNfeet of LOCKERAP. Choice ot IS, SS&tSSvSx

20 or 24 inch widths.

THE MYSTERY OF A DAY By Clarence Edwin Flynn

tell day. a about cannot a day, You tell about cannot YOU dull, hard, and gray. and seem It may colors on it play. rainbow Though

It may bring gifts your heart desired, It may defeat you in your task, ask. desire you the heart's Refuse aspired, have to which goals you CO. Reach PAPER! WESTEWESTERN WAXED want, not did bring all you It may for you, Fulfil hopes longtreasured LEANDRQ PORTLAND vaunt; would pride that your nothing come true; And dreams old, haunting make And ANGELES SAN LPS

Yet all that brought you in its hour Yet be the one day that will not

May perish like a withered flower. Perish when others are forgot.

652 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA See this stunning Ironrite Cabinette AUTOMATIC IRONER

Harmonizes with finest furniture Irons anything you can wash

Here is the automatic ironer that combines beauty and utility—takes

ironing out of the basement—lets

you sit down and iron in comfort in the living room, dining room—

any room!

Look at this laborsaving beauty.

Discover how Ironrite ends the backbreaking work of hand ironing. See

for yourself how Ironrite's two completely usable open ends let you iron WarpProof Hardwood Top

Beautifully styled, everything hardwood top finished pleated washable—shirts,

like finest furniture. of rich, Choice brown dresses, blouses, children's clothes. mahogany or lustrous honey blond. An

Come in today for a demonstration. ironer that's perfectly at home in any room

of the house.

Iron rile IRONS ANYTHING YOU CAN WASH

Low Down Payment / 4% Easy Credit Terms **oorA I L**?o%

'0/VsT*AT'oN [—

SEE ONE OF THESE IRONRITE DEALERS ABOUT THIS AMAZING TIME AND LABOR SAVER

UTAH DEALERS J. G. READ BROS. CO., 24th and Kiesel Ogden

AUERBACH'S, State and Broadway Salt Lake City H. D. SPARROW CO Roy

BRiENHOLT CO., 1400 South Main Salt Lake City J. SILVER TREASURE HOUSE, 1568 South State Salt Lake City

CLARK'S, 181 South State Street Salt Lake City UTAH APPLIANCE CO., 32 East 1st North Provo

MONTROSE'S, 33 Federal Avenue.Logan

MORRISON BROTHERS, 905 South State Salt Lake City IDAHO DEALERS

PRICE TRADING COMPANY Price SAM JONES FURNITURE CO Blackfoot

PETERSON'S APPLIANCE CO., 31 West 1st South Salt Lake City HOME LAUNDRY EQUIP. CO., 427 Center St Pocatello

GORDON E. WILKINS, INC. Intermountain Distributors 142 South Fifth West

Salt Lake City, Utah SEPTEMBER 1951 653 "DEAR JOHN"( Concluded from page 637 ) "And let you get me back on

Ironically enough, the more that platter disc? Not on your

afraid she was that Richard no life."

longer loved her, the more intense "I promise,"said Mary desperbecame her love for him. ately.

She could put Richard on his Richard was still formal and rehonor in a very few wellchosen mote, putting her into the car and liii words. Only a cad would refuse steering toward the Drive. Finally

to marry a girl who had waited two he stopped the car where they

Have you seen years for him, and Richard was no could look over the blazing valley.

cad. Almost she was tempted, The twinkling lights echoed the

the newer sitting there beside him, feeling his trembling in Mary's heart.

NEWHOUSE nearness,lessly. and loving him so hope- "I had to be a good missionary,

I recently in missionary, a good and completed first was We the it But wasn't enough, good even phase of our redecoration proif it,"said of spite Richard, as for gram the Newhouse Hotel. It the above longing. of heartache

the One great hotels of the a conversation. continuing "And west, are striving to isn't ofwe make for Richard, good enough and

it greater ever. than in Drop I think put an must end we now it isn't let for and us she good enough me, know are how we

progressing. told herself. However Richard to it. There comes a time when

wants it, that is how it will have to even certain knowledge, no matter it is comes, is bad it when next The time he wants to how <i be.

it."to fear of preferable the I'll talk. talk to me,

"Fear?"whispered Mary, her "Mary, I have to talk to you,"

"hoteWype it. dry with mouth rf said reservaons freeY Richard.

'charge HoTELS the All fear losing of you. her jumped turned and Mary "The Boise, NWESTER\loin San eyes their losing fellows "Rich, other on him in amazement. were P,VAngers Los rtland, Por Francisco, I did girls. anything?"say of unofficial a sort asked, she not had They

Seattle. sure at all that she had not spoken club. The DJM's—Dear John

her intense thoughts. Missionaries. I expected my qual-

"No, but I could hear your menifications with every letter, especialtal wheels grinding. Do you like ly after yours cooled off so noticethis show?"ably. What little hope I had was

"I haven't heard a word of it,"gone when I found you so strange

Your Every Musical Need said Mary. and different."

Promptly and Courteously "I could write a better tragedy "Oh, Richard, I—"

life. Filled at right I'd out of rather own my until "Don't say have you it—not is this the first time talk, and you've out. I love you, heard Mary. me

I got home. BEESLEY'S beenI couldstillnevera minuteknowsincewhat you think neverI nevershall.stoppedWilllovingyou marryyou, andme?"I

with all that chatter. You can't Mary said. MASON and HAMLIN talk to a house afire or a whirlwind "Oh, Richard—yes!"

The Stradivari of Pianos "I love you, too. I never stopped. or a galloping horse, and you have

KNABE been all of those."It was the fear with me, too."

The Piano of the His shoulder touched hers, and After the tumbling words of exMetropolitan Opera his voice was an audible burr. Peoplanation and assurance, they

ple in seats near them glared, and looked again across the town, now

EVERETT in sleep. in front two of turned dark them women

finest toned, The medium "It wasn't the separation, was it, to and "shsh."them commanded priced built spinet pianos

"Let's get out of here,"said Richard."

CABLE - NELSON Mary, her hands turning icy and "No,"said Richard quietly, "no,

Beautiful spinet pianos in her heart thumping rapidly. Mary, it was the fear."

the low priced field

Band instruments BROWN FIELD Sheet Music By Anobel Armour and Everything Musical 'T'he knowledge was the lean boy's and And by the fence four quick and freckled * his only quail That the deserted field was neither lonely Rattled the stubble like an autumn hail.

BEESLEY MUSIC CO. NorFor yethe devoidcould hearof sustenancethin rustlesand downstrength,its "Themanfieldsaid.is brown and dead,"the hired

70 South Main Sa't Lake City length The lean boy neither smiled nor shook his pattered head, chipmunks like the slow Where Phone 4-6518 to wind's sound. no time Having

UTAH'S PIONEER MUSIC HOUSE the at looking rabbits browneared breaking For He heard a toad—andgive to a denyingthree crows

ground, flying.

654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

is Business News Important News to the Growing Mountain West Bu sTnTss

To By * JIM

r, -.. HOAGLAND i v h ofttb r dal Editor division Halloy'itf ePlacet of th ni* 65 naI -/- ahJdricaj r * Company I

, '> S b*n W'> company off', adderakiXSto the 12 T q0nfer

'saw pas** S?*ttr@T manawr

stock c 5e ilS the Mountain West matures in industrial business development, news dated and been mfne| in ing Co feH V increasinglyincreasinglyoiof thisthis growthgrowth becomesbecomes. being offered Pilly*loU** C

I District the I ential toto citizenscitizens vS,??*-1 importantimportant ofof thethe area.area. ForFor thatthat reason,reason, sale prefer- t e f. to sf*

Wh thethe DeseretDeseret presentspresents repoireporting completecomplete NewsNews to 44>74l "salt sha Sth 1 of rationV*5ing.in business conditions The / on special news and $48 42r?? The rL0mpany

Wiij be sha is daily Included res Sunday. pages and offSi "Wo n/ a column >e

, $1.25 uoi Publfc;J U - 1*! Peri;.;;> giving timely "Men at personalities Work"news of 'and X!"}*n-I- I Pected!LSt * to extl net

additional in 4y business. Mountain West Keep an"posted! }?| Til5 f 'a tota *2 f 546* 0U J for u the o? Deseret complete Read News Which Repaid the will COm 's a "y business news. *hare (5*463,420 of

'trationS*** Mirais red e*- n deveT?aevelopment. V and pro

icinge

its THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S FIRST NEWSPAPER

SEPTEMBER 1951 655

THE REM HAPPINESS IN EIFE

(Continued 643) from page their families, their communities, and ##t achieveof is this program What the Church?

ment which has provided such an The Golden Gleaner program has YARLV incentive for girls to excel in many as its objective the following: (1)

worthwhile fields of endeavor? to build testimonies of the divinity

How has the Golden Gleaner proof the restored gospel of Jesus gram helped develop wellrounded Christ; ( 2 ) to develop qualities of

personalities and helped girls more leadership; (3) to train in the art

effectively to serve their friends, (Concluded on page 658)

v}-?

OW cUeaacu or cJLih rti9

'A!( RICHARD L. EVANS

rsuv YOUR WINTER Phone u century and some seventyfive years ago, fiftysix A of since away. a symbol has signed become what Americans WINDOWS rightPrompt of Independence. liberty: the Declaration of legacy our livery—lowdfl"(A(6r/

pricai. liberty legend, of become have because these men Now, ft

14 we may sometimes suppose that what they did was not so difficult a thing to do in their day. But they were men,

Let us tell you howlittle it -will cost <4(4 even as other men, loving their families, their friends, it. to equip yout home with CURTIS <4 their freedom. They didn't love life less than we love

WINTER WINDOWS AND DOORS. (4 ( And God grant that we don't love liberty less than they.

—You'llfrombe15%surprisedto 25%,at thedependingfuel savingon 14 Itto wasn'toffer toeasylay downfor themtheirto livesopposefor prevailingliberty. Butfallaciesthey hador

the number of openings in youx home. 1 Godgiven convictions, convictions that they (and all

Storm sash eliminate steamed and (4 men) "are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienfrosted windows, dripping water on (4 able rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the walls and floors. You'll be able to pursuit of happiness"... and that "governments...

see out all winter. [derive] their just powers from the consent of the govWe carry full stocks of Curtis erned."A century and three quarters seems like a long storm doors and sash—made by the time in terms of history or of what history has proved.

of Silentite manufacturers Windows And history has proved that the right of liberty is not an All commonly and Curtis Woodwork.

used sizes and styles. unchallenged right nor an imperishable privilege except

as people pay its price and live its principles. History has

the privileges that always draw upon we cannot CurtiS proved are sure of high fou qualWOODWORK devotion without ity in of the past given storm goods. Curtu that were us by those

SEE YOUR LOCAL to the divine principles on which freedom is founded.

LUMBER DEALER And solemnly we recall these words said to be cited from

William Penn, the founder of that same city in which

MORRISONMERRIIL&CO. the Declaration of Independence was signed: "Those

BUILDING DISTRIBUTORS MATERIAL?05 NORTH 3rd IAKE GITV. UTAH people who are not governed by God will be ruled by WEST SALT

tyrants."No matter what we today may do for the future, we shall never overpay our debt to the past. No

matter what we may do for our children's children, we shall never do enough in all our days for the blessings we that we When Doctor Says have had from the God of heaven. God grant1

'STOP maydid our"proclaimfathers, liberty"pledgethroughoutour lives, allourthefortunes,land,"andand, ouras

SMOKING'sacred honor"to preserve for ourselves, for our children, and for all mankind, our legacy of liberty.

NICOSTOP Leviticus 25:10.

makes it easy *Jke Jpont WorJ'FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

Mentioned in Dr. Merrill's column, NICOPRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADSTOP is endorsed by leading physicians. CASTING SYSTEM, JULY 1, 1951

Pleasant—harmless—thousands used sucCopyright. 1951

cessfully. At DRUGGISTS or write NICOSTOP, Dept. A, St. Helena, Calif. iWsa

656 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'I got the story on

50,000MilesNoWtear and changed to New Conoco Super Motor Oil"

"SaOOOM//es-/Vo Wear/'Provedffete-.

After a 50,000mile road test in the blistering heat along the Mexican Border, with proper crankcase drains and regular care, engines lubricated with new Conoco Super

Motor Oil showed no wear of any consequence... in fact, an average of less than one onethousandth inch on cylinders and crankshafts. Factory finishing marks were still

visible on piston rings.

AND gasoline mileage for the last 5,000 for as actually as good was 99.77% clean miles of working on a dreams "A mechanic

that test proved 5,000! new the first This Garage Lewis Stoddart, says Manengine,"

ager, Blackfoot, Idaho. "My dream came Conoco Super, with OilPlating, can make

true when customers started using new your car last longer, perform better, use less

Conoco Super. It's hard on my business, gasoline and oil.

as it cuts down trouble, but I'm a loyal booster of Conoco Super."

"Fm sure gladyou converted me to the '50,000

Miles—No Wear'oil,"writes Albert E. Lentz,

really barreled "I Colorado. Delta, Rancher,

of all types over highway on a This is a my Mercury recent trip, and all I could hear was a motor HEAVY DUTY purring like a kitten."OIL

'CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY SEPTEMBER 1951 657.

THE REAL HAPPINESS IN LIFE

(Concluded from page 656) that impressed me, but the look of sheer of homemaking and an appreciation joyof aonGoldenher faceGleaner.in having reached the goal

of beauty; (4) to encourage intellectual, creative, and cultural Having completed my Golden Gleaner

pursuits. These objectives are acrequirementszation of the I worthinesshave comeoftothisa fullgoal.realiIt

complished by filling certain requiresets up a high standard for daily work and ments in four fields of endeavor: thought. It helps me to live on the highest

spiritual, executive, cultural, and level of which I am capable. It gives

in confidence myself that might help creative. Three years of active me

in obstacles overcoming and me someday participation in the Gleaner proreaching higher peaks. It instils in me a

gram are required of the candidate need to gain more knowledge.

before she can qualify. However,

she may receive credit for service These are but a few of the countin any of the auxiliary organizations less numbers of similar paragraphs fOU* and.. offield,theas Churchwell as foror projectsin the missioncarried writtenhave foundby joyGoldenin theirGleanersachievement.who

You're bound to on in her home. Today there are approximatebe the family ly twentyfour Golden hundred Connie not was the only girl to angel you when Gleaners in the Scores Church. benefit the from with Gleaner team Golden up

TILBEST to program. of new recruits are added each year

bake a heavenly to this fastgrowing army of outletters wonderful Many have standing young women. meltin-yourmouth Anlust received been girls from are who gel Food. It's so easy. You the highlights of the year One of

this, for applying the topranking just add water, and odd mix all Gleaners toward which Golden bake. Never a failure. award of the Y. W. M. I. A. These look with joyous anticipation is the

letters bear fervent testimonies to annual Gleaner banquet Golden Tilbest Try these other Mixes the of the priesthood power and to in given connection with the M.I.A. CHIFFON CAKE BROWNIE the truthfulness of the restored this Conference, time At June BLUEBERRY MUFFIN DOUGHNUT

tell gospel. of They the develophundreds from Gleaners of Golden

ment and growth received from all parts of the Church meet toparticipation in the Golden Gleaner gether in a common bond of love program. Almost invariably they and fellowship. Here they enjoy

pay tribute to the love, guidance, the true spirit of the Golden and encouragement of understandof beauty, Gleaner program—one leaders. ing Following are excerpts refinement, spirituality, growth and

from letters recently received: love.

... it will be long remembered. That's why you My work in preparing to become a Once a girl has become a Golden

.. for right Bible carefully. exactly the so choose Golden Gleaner has touched almost every her Gleaner are achievements by

first imprint. National the occasion. Look It of phase taught has my life. me how particiended. no means Through It is assurance guarantee your of forquality—yourthe to it better a wife; be taught has me how this gift lasting will that a to your memorial be in this pation program, has she to better judgment. be a good to mother and make my

presenin life real No. that learned happiness comfortable more home livable; and imitation tation

is has taught 119—forBlackflexible,group leather; over- a leader one it comes actively engaged me when how to be and

covers; lapping round perhaps to help the youth of Zion to in a good cause, and she realizes"edges. corners; amber

gain a it testimony of the gospel; % has words 119 No. RL—With that in this her proachievement

red. Christ in Both of modgiven selfconfidence to help me teach

erately priced. for the only has gram opened way the of the Lord. word important Most

i gift for individual No.

it all, greater even through achievement of has to the guided me most I genor presentation—Blue124B

flexible, leather; overuine in thing wonderful testilife—-my in my effective service her more comI1 covers; lapping round mony. corners; under blue gold ft the munity and Church.

12 edges. MaNo. 5M m—edges. red under roon; gold filled the After having requirements and girls these are carrying That on

Black12 3 amber No.—looking back each over experience which in spirit the edges. true gold under of Gleaners Golden

I about, came understand and know more is multiple reports evidenced by fully that step each take why forward we Ask for received the year. throughout this is in Many great the step Church a road on

to eternal life with our Heavenly Father. of them are mothers of small chilnational Bibles

at your bookstore My pen will never be able to relay dren, finding joy in fulfilling that

BELOVED KING JAMES VERSION the true love and joy and happiness I first and great commandment to have received in filling the requirements multiply and replenish the earth.

to become a Golden Gleaner. They are wives of bishops and Make

Stephen's Hotel Motor presidents. stake are workThey seriously interested in I became Gleaner

Blvd. Wilshire 11955 work a when became in Golden ing my sister the Association, the Primary Los 25, Cal. Angeles West

I L. Gleaner. in Excellent while Headquarters A. she remember Your how diligently Relief Society, the School, Sunday

site. location our temple near new fill I to the requirements. minworked was cool. to utes Wonderfully ocean. smog. NoFive the are and A. They M. I. Y. W. present the evening honor Sunday For Reservations she was wire write

Jorgensen Nettie Bott, Owner Centrally for vacation located enjoyment. ored and given the Golden Gleaner pin. in very deed guiding lights in the

It wasn't the honor or the pin she received circles where they live and work.

658 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Don't you big oil companies get together to set prices?"

The question Of gasoline price affects every motorist. Here at

Standard Oil Company of California, we receive some letters along these lines: "When I drive downtown, the prices of all the major

gasolines seem to be about the same. I've heard it said that the major

oil companies get together to set prices. Isn't this true?"

The answer is an unqualified NO., Oil companies do not get

together to set prices, nor do we in any way set prices by agreement. But we do think it's in order to tell you about gasoline

prices and how they're arrived at:

COST OF MAKING AND SELLING

These imaginary examples of Suppose that by some rule a gas station setprice policy show what any operator were forced to sell gasoline at 2c a gas seller actually faces. He must

When you shop you find not only gasgallon more than his neighbors. Business sell for enough to cover his costs

olines but many products of the same would soon pass him by. Or suppose he had and make a living... and he

kind and about the same quality priced to sell for 2c a gallon less than his neighbors, can't charge too much or he'll about alike. Prices just naturally tend still giving full quality and service. As his drive business away. Price is

to even up, and it's easy to see why. competitors cut price to hold customers, his forced up by one factor, held down

Suppose prices could never level out income goes down. In time he would go broke. by the other. It's as simple as that.

PRICESUsslax1919 '951

What comes out of all this is better products at low cost... the benefit

At Chevron Gas Stations the operators you always get wherever free compeWe "set prices"only at stations we are completely independent. They set their tition is given a chance to work. Note

own and operate—Standard Stations, own prices. You occasionally see a range of this: aside from taxes, and in spite of

Inc. Here we put prices where experigasoline prices for the same or different inflation, gasoline today costs about

ence shows us they should be, to cover brands in a single area, until competition what it did in 1919, and is so much imour costs of products and service, and finally forces the prices of similar products proved that two gallons now do the still let us sell in competition. and services back to a common level. work that required three then.

1 Ct IjIiZG tO IyTIOIV... Many people write to Standard asking pertinent questions

about the Company. We answer all letters individually, but some points seem of general

interest. We take this way of discussing them for every one. If you have a question, we urge

you to write in care of: "I'd Like to Know,"225 Bush Street, San Francisco 20, California.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

SEPTEMBER 1951 659 />3XCNJV>v>s7s3ss3SSSSSs

t Lount Jkl5 Jlone of Won Jfl# RICHARD L. EVANS*w

**"Oip Van Winkle, in Jefferson's play, excuses himself for every fresh dereliction by saying, 'I won't count this time!'Well, he may not count it; and a kind heavenS<7 may not count it, but it is being counted nonetheless.

Down among his nerve cells and fibres, the molecules are counting it, registering and scoring it up to be used *&* against him when the next temptation comes. Nothing]

we ever do is in strict scientific literalness wiped out."

These are the words of the celebrated psychologist and philosopher, William James. And he adds: "Could the

young but realize how soon they will become... walking

bundles of habits, they would give more heed to their conduct.... We are spinning our own fates, good or evil...,.

Every smallest stroke of virtue or of vice leaves its never so little scar.... We are... imitators and copiers of

our past selves."But our habits, good or bad, weren't

always habits. What we now do habitually, we once

did first—and then again—and then again. And since we

become "slaves to our own past performance,"we had better be particular about the first performance—because

almost anything done once could become a habit, and obviously the reason we have bad habits is because we did the first time what shouldn't have been done at all.

This may seem to offer little comfort to those who already have habits they want to be rid of. Fortunately, however,

NALLEY badget outhabitsof a aren'trut thanhopeless.it does toButget itin takesone—andmoresometimeseffort to

the only way to get out is to get out all at once. And

sometimes the best way to leave bad habits behind is simply to leave them behind—without lingering or looking

back. The break has to come sometime. Sometime has

to be the last time. And it isn't likely to be any easier

time—evenlater, becausethoughhabits,at likefirst ruts,we maydig morethink deeplyof themwithas

leave start or can stop or take or something we trifles—as The "magic flavor factor"in philosopher ancient somehad whenever want to. we An

Tang means it's the right salad thing to say on this subject. He once rebuked a person

dressing for you. Puts simple for engaging in a gambling game. And when the person

salads in the "class"levelprotested that he had only played for a "trifle,"Plato makes your best effort taste even replied: "The habit is not a trifle."No potentially potent

better! Tang's an allout favorite thing is a "trifle."And the best time to break a bad now—for any allvegetable mixture. habit is before the first time. The next best time is

before the next time.

Buy Tang today—truly it's good.

William James, The Laws of Habits.

—she Spoken l/i/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM, JULY 8, 1951 *

660 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA cently he wrote the Life of J. Golden

Kimball. He has also long and actively

been an interested advocate of the idea. writevening His latest home &<Az\sCL4*\& BN TIN Ej\ ing, Live, Let's in twentynine chapters deals with some of the timeless

truths, in presented to pattern, a new BUILDING MARRIAGE YOUR making a money useful servant, avoidhelp the and to encourage people put Skidmore (Rex A. and S. Anthon ing divorce, being a successful parent. into, the to get of and most out most Cannon. Harper and Brothers, Each chapter New also usually discusses life. the opportunities hours of and

1951. York. pages. 650 $5.00.) several related but important quesIt deals spirit as things of with the

TPhis clean, wholesome, helpful book tions. Few if any important marriage well as material matters: with personal

on courtship, marriage, and the questions have been omitted. problems, family concerns, and social

family could profitably be read by all. The authors, professors at the Uniand vocational considerations. It is

The joy of family life and the hate of versity of Utah, not only have used an appeal to positive living, and its divorce would thereby be increased. the work of others, but have also expages are enriched with many citaIt deals intelligently and carefully with perimentally added knowledge to this tions and examples from great men and

the many problems that arise in courtextremely important field for human great minds. Some of the subjects

ship and marriage. The manner of happiness. considered are personal improvement,

approach is largely the asking and A number of clever line drawings marriage, the full use of time, happianswering of questions, real questions. add to the enjoyment of reading the ness in the home, meeting practical

That makes the book practical. In book. problems, the value of the ageless

dealing with family problems, wellWhile the book appears to be writprinciples, the importance of getting supported opinions are urgently ten for use in the classroom, it is so along with people, the importance of needed. organized as to serve the needs of the thrift, of learning more and earning

The problems are presented in three reader, whether in or out of the schoolmore, facts about work and worry, main parts: preparation for marriage, room.—/. A. W. and helps to compatibility with the

achieving happiness in marriage, with society, and with one's and LET'S LIVE state, enriching family living. These main self.—/?. L. E.

divisons are divided into twentytwo (Claude Richards. Exposition Press,

chapters, each discussing a separate New York. 206 pages. 1951. $3.00.) HOLD FAST THESE

theme such as, what is love, friendPhurch readers need no introducEARTH-WARM STONES ship and dating, courtship and the tion to the writings of Claude (Nina Fonville. Naylor Press, San

growth of love, religion and marriage, Richards. Some years ago he wrote Antonio, Texas. 1949, 231 pages.

blending conjugal and romantic love, The Man of Tomorrow, and more re- 5>z.y?. ) (Concluded on following page)

First In Flavor

Skillful baking and finer ingredients bring you a

loaf of finer flavor.

Enriched With Vitamins and Iron

Fresh at ROYAL BAKING COMPANY your grocer's Salt take City Ogden

SEPTEMBER 1951 661 ON THE BOORRACK FOWLER WATER HEATERS...

(Concluded from preceding page) is heartwarming in a day when intolerHThe author and her sevenyear old ance too often holds sway. The author

MoA-1<)-<wfot extendedson, Bill,visitstayedwhilein Mexicoshe taughtfor ana indicatesally fine qualitiesin additionof toMexicothe exceptionand her capable doctor's household English people some things that will need to be and in return enjoyed the warmth strengthened and some eliminated beIBS of Mexican hospitality. Her love and fore Mexico can realize the greatest

understanding of the Mexican people of her potentialities.—M, C. /.

FOWLER HEATS WATER MOST

EFFICIENTLY OF ALL... J\Lnadom ft or6e

if right You'll choose choose Fowler!... you RICHARD L EVANS

because is the Fowler right one heater water for use in the Pacific Northwest.

Fowler was born here... designed and deHThe line that Shakespeare had Richard III say, "My

veloped under existing water and power kingdom for a horse,"has farreaching implications conditions to provide most efficient electric in the pattern of human behavior. When a man needs

water heating service for families in this something, or thinks he does, or sets his heart on having community. something, a kingdom may seem like a moreor-less trivial

thing at the moment. Immediate wants, immediate worries, small annoyances often crowd out matters of much

PROTECTION greater moment. History has proved (and also people

) that a person will sometimes pay an exorbikeeps water rustfree; have proved tant price to satisfy an immediate appetite. Esau, of course,

adds years to tank life is the classic example of forfeiting much for little, of failsacrificing far of enough, to look ing enough, soon and never Water touches metal in a glasslined present. for of the future the Paul Esau it was And whom Fowler! Smooth, durable porcelain enamel 1

bondedto-steel inside the tank prevents rust wrote that he "sold his birthright"for one morsel of meat.

and corrosion. This There is another phase of this same problem that sugglass-like lining keeps gests itself: Because we want what we want when we

water naturepure, safeguards family want it, we are often inclined to obligate ourselves for health, eliminates the more than we can pay and to borrow beyond reason and problem of costly to postpone today's obligations and presume that they tank replacement. will somehow be easier to meet tomorrow. Also we some36 years of times agree to do more things than we know we can

proved performance possibly do, and so we find ourselves worried and comFor more than a mitted and crowded from all sides, and we say to ourthird of a century selves, "If we can only get through this immediate diffiFowler water heaters culty, if we can only set straight this one embarrassment, have served users if we can only avoid the consequences of this one comfaithfully by providmitment, we'll never let ourselves lapse into such a situaing abundant hot water at lowest cost tion again."There is always inherent danger in paying

for every household too big a price for present wants or in too readily postneed. This satisfying poning to the future, problems that should be faced and

service to is yours in will the future solved always have the present—becauseenjoy you buy when its to price problems and have its pay without own ownFowler.

adding to it the price we now postpone for present expediSee Fowler at your dealer's ency. Time is a long time, and eternity is a long time

or write for full information. after time—and we should look far into the future before Also manufacturer of

FOWLER GAS WATER HEATERS we offer a kingdom or a birthright or any principle or exorbitant price for any appetite, for any passing pleasure, or for any want or supposed want of the immediate moment.

Hebrews 12:16.

Jhe Spoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL COLUMBIA BROADAND THE ELECTRIC WATER HEATER 15, 1951 SYSTEM, CASTING JULY FOWLER MANUFACTURING COMPANY 545 S. E. Gladstone Portland 2, Oregon

662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and K

SEPTEMBER 1951 663 FIRST OF AILRELIABILITY PROFANE AND SOILED SPEECH (Continued from page 635) There is no need to assume that aD dunes of good humor, dignity, and charm normal outlet for emotion is pinched makes a delightful combination by introducing the thesis of tempersalad of personality. There is little ate speech. As a matter of fact, we

likelihood of being branded stuffy can progress above this unqualified outlet beemotional of an is attitude combination if the and priggish DOES YOUR expected human and ing a normal indeed be unfortuserved. It would

of a need CHURCH NEED nateto theif wepointbecomewherestiltedit is anddifficultformalto trait.the fundamentalException shouldconceptbe taken to

have fun with freedom of expresfor emotional outlet if it is used as sion. That extreme is wholly unnecan arbitrary excuse for voicing in-A NEW ORGAN? essary. Stimulating repartee is a vective and engaging in juvenile

compliment to one's vocabulary and antics.

reflects credit on one's capacity, but Our imperfections are apparent it is quite necessary to maintain a upon selfanalysis and it is essenhigh moral tone in such humorous tial that we strive for a cure by and clever conversation. This moral employing any expedient that will

tone is easy to acquire, and is exassist us to attain it. Using clean

pected of Latterday Saints. Young and inoffensive speech is a maneuver

people look to their elders as models that will expedite our search for of perfection. It therefore is inperfection. To surmount the many

cumbent upon each of us to become obstacles will be difficult because exemplars. the humanism of man seems to work

The concept of the need for an against attaining such heights; but

emotional outlet is oftentimes quotthis human quality is nothing more ed as an excuse for placating and than a temporary obstruction that

SEE OUR lulling oneself into a feeling of needs hurdling and each contribuCONNSONATAS justification for using profane lantion we make in unsoiled speech is the in overcoming stride forward to a diverse are ways There guage. will thrill to the tone pipe organ sonorousYou frailties nature. of The conhuman an this to dissolve feeling instrument. electronicof this marvelous and express On

speech in proper tributions make we music from play any canConnsonata you insist to but up, build emotional sprightly to popular,traditional with church in the infinitesimal, but appear may display for a childish the need upon the featuresease conand assurance. Among the world of things entire schemetributing to peris outstanding Connsonata's to a admit profanity of angry

vitality brilliance together of its are theformance individual evolve and the as and question is a There realistic tone, variety the of weakness. generous organ exof refined contributions and our for desirable it is not to whetherusable voices, couplers the wide dynamic and

range of volume. one to give vent to his emotion by pression may be greater than we beverbal intemperance rather than to lieve possible. The impression we

See and hear our complete line of suppress such inclination and run make on those lives we touch in our

Connsonata organs, or write in the chance of becoming neurotic. daily living cannot be judged easily.

for complete information. If a person's health is in peril beExpressing ourselves in a manner

cause of emotional suppression there pleasing to the refined ear, with no j Daynes Music Co. I is no question as to the need for use of harsh and questionable lanproper emotional outlet, but even guage, will influence others so

such an isolated case can be recepstrongly that its reflection may be 4547 Southt—Main, Salt Lake tive to the idea of refined speech perpetuated indefinitely.

145 North University, Provo without jeopardizing health. The How successful can we be in supsame question could be raised conpressing profane words, even socerning a father who exercises discalled little words so common as to

HEADQUARTERS FOR L. D. S. creet language but who, because of be almost acceptable one might say,

IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA I an emotional backlog, strikes his and to express ourselves otherwise I

YE KINGS REST MOTEL children at the slightest provocation. without recourse to ignoble and in526 SOUTH 5TH STREET This father has obviously failed if ferior talk? Complete success can

Dr. B. Foutz, Harold Owner in refining his speech he finds himbe achieved by developing a sensi- H. Foutz, Edgar Manager

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout self abusing his family, but the intivity to those words that are out of clination to control one's method of harmony with beautiful expression expression would normally prove an and by a sincere desire to cultivate incentive to exercise forbearance in the ability to find appropriate words of Story The a Woman such a situation. The precedent of for every occasion. Good speech is caught who was

good speech will help us to over- a matter of selfdiscipline, and bowIn the Gospel Net come our bad habits, because in exing to one's will is commendable if

By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE ercising our prerogative to speak practised with precaution. If there

At Book Stores—$1.75 correctly we automatically groom is unrestricted use of poorly selected

our thoughts to help us act correctly. words they may have rapid growth.

664 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Just as the use of improper speech lends itself to further violation, similarly our receptivity to the use of clean and savory speech builds within us. One may believe it is

virtually impossible to suppress the inclination to give voice to improprieties when under strain or in the rigors of physical pain, but even under such stress the tendency to give vent to inward feeling is reduced proportionately with the effort put forth to suppress the desire. After the effort is made it is

but a short time until complete reTHE OFFICIAL straint is possible. Our philosophies of life should include the L. D. S. MISSIONARY BIBLE

unsoiled ofbeauty speech—let us is now available in four new durable and its significance.capture

attractive bindings designed to withstand continuous use in all climatic conditions

The Church Moves On (Concluded from page 616) An Essential For Missionaries, Teachers, Students, Churchworkers

Fifty Utah pioneers who came to

Utah before the advent of the railroad, and who are now between eightytwo and one hundred and two The King James Version bound with the Church's official years of age, were honored at a banReady References and the useful and authoritative Camquet held at Hotel Utah. bridge Concordance and Dictionary to the Bible. A section

Sands and Stars, recounting the exof ruled paper for notemaking is included.

periences of the Pioneers between in clear, Set bold, City, Salt preLake 1.8. and wasNauvoo and "I Omega, Alpha 13 am selfpronounced wch.jfver. 7.

in Salt the end, Tabernacle, thesented the j<aTinM.8. beginning the and Lake type, center with

17. jMt.19. last. first the and choir fullvoiced references the Tabernacle columnby

and the rich contralto of radio star

Evelyn MacGregor. It was narrated MB1 Durable simulated leather, overlapping covers, fabric lined,

by movie star Lew Ayres. red under gold edges. $7.50

Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the MB2 The finest Persian Morocco leather, straight edges, fabric

Council of the Twelve dedicated the lined, red under gold edges. Indexed $12.00

chapel of the Barnwell Ward, LethMB3 The finest Persian Morocco leather, overlapping cover,- bridge (Canada) Stake. fabric lined, red under gold edges (as illustrated). $11.00

Indexed $12.00

O r Frank W. McGhie reported MB4 The finest Persian Morocco leather, overlapping covers,

"** that the opening of an L. D. S. genuine leather lining, red under gold edges. $13.00

high school at Laie, Oahu, Hawaiian

Islands, will be postponed for at least From our dealers everywhere one year. Elder McGhie returned toSalt Lake City after making a special THE DESERET BOOK COMPANY

survey in the islands. 44 East South Temple Street, Salt Lake City 10, Utah

O O Workmen are seen these days ""on scaffolding around the spires of the Salt Lake Temple. They are

checking and repairing mortar joints.

J. Frank Marble, superintendent of

buildings and grounds for the Church, emphasizes that this is merely a prepgxsasaa WHEN IN cautionary entire the and that measure CITY LAKE PIKES PEAK SALT temple is to for weatherbe checked Visit the worn spots in the mortar, which will FLOUR repaired.be lMCM0 m With FOUR QUISH

*7 the Fire of chapel destroyedO BEAUTY Extra SHOP Baking** 'Bountiful South South Ward, at South 338 Advantages lightning after Stake,Davis (Utah) the FLOURIa Street Main its estisteeple. struck Losshad was Expert Hair Dressers Beauticians and

mated to be $100,000.00 A new fortySALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS for 40 years.

thousand dollar addition to the build425 West 5th South PERMANENT WAVES, FACIALS, AND ing, now under construction, was Salt Lake City. Utah MANICURES, OUR SPECIALTIES

saved.

SEPTEMBER 1951 665 "VfV*f

ter: To be effective a quorum presiMARKING ROLL AND RECORD ROOKS dency should meet at least once a

week, as directed by the handbook.

"pOR uniformity in marking roll and leader, quorum secretary, or a corn10. Average number attending

record books for the monthly mittee member. (This is not the anmonthly quorum meetings: This is

and quarterly Melchizedek Priestnual visit by the quorum presidency the monthly quorum business meethood reports, there are listed below as reported on the annual confidening held under the direction of the explanations on questions raised by tial report.) quorum presidency, usually on the

some secretaries: 8a. Number using tobacco, liquor, second Sunday of each month.

1. Number enrolled at end of or both: Number of members using 11a. Number of quorum projects:

quarter: This figure should be either tobacco, liquor, or both. Number of quorum projects worked

checked with ward clerks to make 8b. Number of these visited duron during the quarter. Do not insure quorum enrolment checks with ing quarter: Visits to those using clude group projects.

ward records. tobacco, liquor, or both, are those lib. Number of quorum socials:

2. Average present at weekly visits specifically for the purpose of Quorum socials held during quarter.

priesthood meetings: Count only encouraging and assisting them to Do not include group socials.

those who actually attend the quoovercome this habit. Social visits Where there are more quorums in

rum or group meeting. The quoor visits for other reasons should a stake than spaces on the report,

rum or group meeting starts after not be included in answering this additional sheets should be used.

separation from the preliminary question. These are available at the office of

opening exercises conducted by the 9. Number of quorum presidency the general priesthood committee,

bishopric. council meetings held during quarupon request.

3. Number engaged in other

Church work: Show here only members who are actually on other

assignmentsChurch during the time N01IQU0R-T0BACC0 COLUMNof the priesthood meeting. Such

persons should not be counted in quorum meetings ) if they are doing other Church work and unable to attend the class. a/Jr. sfodeph,rosep jr. em

4. Number on foreign missions: OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Credit should be given here for those actually absent because of fulltime missions. DOPE IN THE SCHOOLS other cities where dope fiends operate? is yes, answer if the The testi- 5. Number living away newspaper from KTTany readers and of reputable witnesses radio mony can behome: All members living away accepted. listeners It is reliably reported that were doubtless shocked

from home (other than on fulltime a few months ago by learning of the some school children in Salt Lake City missions) should be accounted for existence in some New York City are indulging. So destructive and

here. This would include those schools of sizable numbers of students terrible are the consequences of conaway from home at work, in school, who were indulging in the use of tinued indulgence that it certainly bein military service, etc. dope narcotics—marijuana, cocaine, hooves parents, teachers, and officers

alerted to in this etc., heroin, their be matter. Indifferin- going number up 6. Total participating in any

ence to it is highly to said. inthousands, reprehensible and it was Thephase of Church program: Those censurable. vestigation that the of use showed

attttidlng (at least once) Sundaybchool, Mutual Improvement AsSSdSKiwidespread, the main market place beGETTING THINGS DONE sociation, priesthood or sacrament ing the school itself or a nearby candy What can I do? How shall I do it?

meetings; payment of tithes and ofstore. The salesmen and narcotic adThese and similar questions are conferings (including welfare), or dicts moved about among the children, tinually asked. They are asked relafilling one or more other Church many of whom began indulgence by tive to suggestions made in this

assignments during the quarter refirst accepting the narcotic as a gift. column. In a recent issue of The

ported. Continued use, however, soon made Clipsheet there was printed under the

7. Number of members visited by addicts,consequences.followed by the frightful aboverules: heading the following excellent

quorum officers: Visits to a quorum Later it was discovered that many "Promoting the best for ourselves

member by one or more members of school children in Chicago were using and for those ideals to which we give the quorum presidency, the group these narcotics. Are there schools in allegiance calls for effective effort. In

666 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

1947, Donald A. and Eleanor C. Laird Total expenditures for alcoholic taxes—derived by the Federal, State,

wrote a book, The Technique of Getbeverages, including public revenues, and local governments from sales of ting Things Done. They offered the amounted to $8,760 million in 1950, alcoholic beverages in 1950 amounted

following rules for productive work: the Office of Business Economics, to more than three billion dollars. Of

1. Have the habit of planning work U. S. Department of Commerce, anthis amount about two billion dollars

not only for tomorrow but also for nounced today. This compares with was accounted for by distilled spirits.

goals in the future. Work for a puroutlays of $8,550 million in 1949. The following table shows the recpose which carries through hardships This estimate represents the agord of expenditures for alcoholic bevand over obstacles. gregate expenditures (other than purerages throughout the past decade.

2. Have the habit of working on chases for resale) by consumers and

spirits, for distilled wine, disbusiness enticing that count.things Avoid and TOTAL EXPENDITURES FOR form in package bought beer, whethertractions. the steam that Know that

blows the whistle does not turn the or by the drink. The figure also inALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES

wheel. Work with foresight. cludes part of the expense of enter- (Millions of dollars)

3. Have the habit of saying "no"tainment and other service charges in

to things that will not help production. eating and drinking establishments Year Total Distilled Wine Beer

Keep on the main highway, off the where a separate charge is not made spirits detours. for such items.

4. Have the habit of reading books Expenditures for both distilled 1941 4555 1980 325 2250

and magazines that help in the work. spirits and wine increased in 1950 1942 5670 2685 410 2575

Keep priming your head with ideas, six and ten percent, respectively. Beer 1943 6640 3200 415 3025

facts, and inspiration. expenditures declined slightly, due to 1944 7865 3850 505 3510

5. Have the habit of doing the un- a drop in the consumption of draught 1945 8615 4400 495 3720

pleasant job first. Do not paralyze beer. 1946 9500 5060 635 3805

4560 525 4555 1947 9640 excise activitypresent by letting past work Public revenues—principally 4445 455 8800 3900 1948 your heads.hang over

6. Have the habit of making your1949 8550 3650 465 4435

selves work. Keep effort alive. 1950 8760 3870 510 4380

7. Have the habit of deciding trifles THREE TESTS FOR

quickly. Do not putter around trying The huge sum of eight billion, 760

to decide what to do next. million dollars, spent in the U.S. dur- 8. Have the habit of starting vigorSPEAKING ing the calendar year 1950 for alcoously and promptly, often early in the holic beverages, large as it is, does not

morning. Do not let the grass grow Dm William,.JJorrii LjrifKn tell the whole story; for in addition, all

under foot. accounts agree many millions are spent

for liquor. bad, too All for "bootleg"like of the habit working 9. Have little burst Janet Breathlessly

is consumpnot for human quality, forcraftsmen. working By in Mother, mother. "Oh, on her

the belly,"for the Lord tion—"notalcohol satisfacgreater gets done, andmore about I heard guess what Mary this of result said. consump- a for has in is As rushingtion attained than

of suffer- I wouldn't have tion a vast amountquantity. we have

death. crime, ing, misery, and 10. Have the habit of using spare thought—Brown today!

time, the habit of using both hands, "Just a moment, Janet,"answered the habit of doing two things at once. Mrs. Smith. "Before you repeat UTAH FIGURES

Use each minute before it disappears any gossip that you have heard in forever. school, let us put it to three tests."Following the practice of recent

1 1 Have the habit of getting others "What do you mean, Mother?"years, we again publish in the Septemto help you. Train others to be extra "Let us think about it in this way. ber issue of The Improvement Era

hands, eyes, and heads. In the first place, is it true?"the following data, obtained from the

12. Have the habit of working for "I think so, Mother. It was told state tax commission of sales in Utah

fiscal the during in than Pride money. amore years indicated-—July class job to of Jones, our Miss some by respectively. 30, is 1 to June inwell done, accomplishment, more

is next neighbor the she door and thanrewarding a big bank account.

13. Have the habit of taking on of Mary."1950 1951 "Do you think a good neighbormore work. Keep expanding abiliCigarets $ 8,389,270 $ 9,211,505

ties and achievements. Catch up on would tell things like that? But even Beer 12,315,630 12,948,774

work quickly, take on more work though you can prove the story, is Hard Liquors 12,449,985 12,912,083 easily. Keep out of ruts by broadenit kind?"Totals $33,154,885 35,072,362

ing the highroad. Put pressure on your- "I did not mean to be unkind, i

selves to do or sink. but I see now that I was. I would Estimated cost per capita, based on

14. Have the habit of requiring pronot be glad for Mary to speak of me June 30 population of 706,000:

duction from yourselves, of not acin such a way."

cepting your own alibis. Crack the "And is it necessary for you to Cigarets $12.16 $13.02

whip over yourselves instead of feelmention it?"Beer 17.85 18.40

ing sorry for your lot in life. "No, certainly not, Mother. Hard Liquors 18.05 18.29

There is not any need for it at Totals $48.06 $49.71

AN OFFICIAL WASHINGTON all."

are RELEASE you WORKERS, CAMPAIGN "Then mother wishes for her satisfied these with results as shown by

Under date of June 28, 1951, a relittle girl to not speak of anyone figures? Apparently you have made

lease from the Office of Business Ecounless she can speak well. Rememno progress during the past fiscal

nomics, U.S. Department of Comber to ask yourself if it is true, kind, year. Is not more energetic and permerce, is as follows: and necessary."sistent action needed?

SEPTEMBER 1951 667 i. t=yiF 1 -,. r--JA

== "|MT'J "—-l'.-fflj

*fmi]i*l i. * AAit

Duties and Responsibilities of the Coordinator of the Ward Boy Leadership Committee

As announced by Presiding Bishop ordinator will either take the adviser's thereof. This is vital and should be

LeGrand Richards during the bishops'quorum for that day or supply a done immediately following each conference held in the Tabernacle, April leader. The bishopric should not be meeting each month.

6, 1951, a coordinator and a secretary bothered with this detail. It is the coordinator's responsibility

were added to the ward boy leadership Aaronic Priesthood welfare projects, to work with quorum advisers in keepcommittee to replace the former genquorum service projects, social and ing the bishopric informed of boys old eral secretary of the committee. Folfraternal activities, special assignenough to be ordained deacons or to

lowing is an outline of the duties and ments made by the bishopric will be advanced in the Aaronic Priestresponsibilities of the newly appointed come under the general supervision hood.

coordinator. of the coordinator for the bishopric. Quorum advisers may be found to

He will always work in close cooperabe in need of assistance in handling

HPhe coordinator does not preside tion with the respective advisers and difficult cases of indifference and over the Aaronic Priesthood, quorum presidencies in all such activiinactivity. The coordinator should

neither over those who are members ties. always be on the alert to render such

of the ward boy leadership committee While quorum rolls and the ward assistance even to the extent of accomas do the members of the bishopric. Aaronic Priesthood report are secrepanying the adviser in his visits to

However, the coordinator is retarial responsibilities, these also come such boys in their homes.

sponsible, under the immediate direcunder the supervision of the coordinaThe coordinator should work with tion of the bishopric, for the overall tor. For instance, when the bishopric quorum advisers in the training of

promotion of all details of the Aaronic quorum presidencies and group leaders

Priesthood program for young men to preside properly over and conduct twelve to twentyone except those the business of their quorum or group which are the personal responsibility meetings.

of as of the bishop the president Think it Over it so directed by the bishop, When priests Priesthood of theAaronic and responsibility, the coordinator's in the best in boys were found is his If thequorum, bishop and of and counselors as the presidency of the in more men, cooperation with respective quorum

Aaronic Priesthood. The best in men would be found advisers, to assign individuals and quoassist in to administering the rums

vision, of should be a man He in sacrament School in Sunday and ideas, creativeness. of should and He

this meeting, to of in more boys.—A. P. sacrament see that and

of, in active capable developingbe and is sacred ordinance properly. done The forplans in the improvement work,

coordinator should arrange the schehissubmitting plans suggestions and in dule of assignments this priesthood leaders Priesthood assemand Aaronic for their the bishopric reaction,to and activity follow through and faithfully the for the of monthly meeting It ble their histaking decisions guide. as

is the business of the coordinator to ward boy leadership committee, the to relieve the bishopric of this detail.

make suggestions: It is the business of activity record of every deacon, It is the responsibility of the cothe bishopric to make decisions. teacher, and priest under twentyone ordinator to assist the bishopric in

The coordinator is a counselor to should be complete as called for in keeping in touch with young men livquorum advisers. He should be thorthe respective quorum roll. Cumulaing away from home for any reason.

oughly acquainted with all of their tive individual certificate of award He may prepare letters or direct and duties and responsibilities. He should records should be calculated and comassist other Aaronic Priesthood leaders

visit among the quorums of Aaronic pleted to increase the effectiveness of or quorum members in the preparation

Priesthood with a view to assisting the meeting. While it is the responsiof letters, news notes, or other forms

advisers in becoming more efficient in bility of advisers to complete indiof communication for the bishopric, to their work. When a new adviser is vidual activity records, and while it be sent to each absentee each month

appointed, the coordinator will work is the responsibility of the committee together with the official Aaronic with him, t teaching him his duties. The secretary to compute the cumulative Priesthood absentee report form.

coordinator should be most tactful records, it nevertheless is the responsiWhen absentee reports are returned to and kind in all his contacts with adbility of the coordinator to see that the bishop, the coordinator should visers. Suggestions and constructive these details are taken care of each follow through with the committee

criticisms will be received in the right month in time for the ward boy leadersecretary and with the respective quospirit only when given respectfully and ship committee meeting. rum secretary to see that the individual

with an abundance of patience and The bishop will hold the coordinaand the quorum receive full credit for love for the work and for the worker. tor responsible for the attendance of activities reported.

Suggestions to advisers should be given specified boy leaders in priesthood, At the end of the year, the coin private to avoid embarrassment. Sunday School, and Y.M.M.I.A. in ordinator is responsible, in cooperaIt is the coordinator's responsibility the monthly meeting of the ward boy tion with the secretary and quorum

to check on the regular attendance of leadership committee. When leaders advisers, for promptly preparing apquorum advisers in priesthood meetdo not attend the leadership meeting, plications for the Standard Quorum

ing. When a quorum adviser is obliged it is the coordinator's responsibility to Award for eligible quorums or groups,

to be absent, he should notify the ascertain, for the bishop, the reason and for the Individual Certificate of coordinator in advance, and the cofor absence and notify the bishop Award for eligible bearers of the 668 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

J-fepared bylli <=JLee Xr. j-alt,mer

Changes Noted in Designation Duties of Secretary of Ward Boy Leadership Committee

in should secretary compute, of secretary appointed newly 6. Theof Ward Aaronic 'T'he month, each each quorum roll book leadership the committee ward boy

Priesthood Committee will have, as his major responsibilities, the cumulative individual certificate of the following: award and standard quorum award

Inuring the past several years there 1. The secretary will work under records in time for the monthly meethave been at least three titles the general direction of the bishopric, ing of the ward boy leadership comdesignating the committee working and under the immediate direction of mittee.

with Aaronic Priesthood members the coordinator as the special repre- 7. Newly appointed quorum or

twelve to twentyone years of age. sentative of the bishopric. He should group secretaries should be carefully

is It in close the secretrained with quorum harmony in their work. the up work committee was made When

in presidencies advisers train them. to so tary's responsibility and quorumof Aaronic only, Priesthood leaders

it was known as the ward Aaronic all his responsibilities. 8. He should cooperate with the

Priesthood committee. 2. He should notify all members of bishopric and coordinator in any releadership committee the ward boy charts special for quests working up the of membership the comWhen in of meeting each advance monthly to information in supplying or othermittee subsequently to enlarged was full insure written attendance. to A success, the of reveal or the measureinclude in leaders boy School Sunday is preferred. leaders notice All exthis in thereof, lack work. the Y.M.M.I.A.,and committee was listed to the are attend pected meeting in 9. small In and very wardsdesignated leadership boy ward comin of the Section boy ward Two is leadership probbranches, where amittee.

roll minute leadership committee and president, lem, the branch bishop or girls the L.D.S. program was When book. of the the assign secretary work mayoriginally in set motion, 1, January all 3. secretary attend should The the to coordinator the of and work 1946, the direction under of the Prethe leadership meetings of boy ward individual. the samesiding Bishopric, the becommittee minrecord complete committee and

came known as the ward youth leaderutes of all such meetings, including a ship committee because it included the roll of attendance.

leaders of both boys and girls. 4. and mailing The computation RECORDS TO of AWARD report since Aaronic Priesthood the transfer of the the ward Now, AUG. 1, 1951 FOR 1950

L.D.S. girls program to the Y.W. each month is the responsibility of

M.I.A., July 1, 1950, the title ward the secretary. (See—monthly ward Standard Quorum Awards -...872

boy leadership committee has again Aaronic Priesthood report. Individual Certificates of

been adopted for the committee having 5. He will supervise the keeping of Awards 13,703

to do with boys twelve to twentyone all quorum roll and record books.

because leaders of boys in Aaronic

Priesthood, Sunday School, and Y.M.

M.I.A. make up the membership of

the committee.

Aaronic Priesthood. When applications for the standard quorum award

have been completed and signed on the ward level, they should be forwarded by the coordinator to the chairman of the stake Aaronic Priesthood committee who will, together with his vicechairman, audit the applications, sign and forward them to the Presiding Bishopric's Office. When

the applications for the individual certificate of award have been prepared by the coordinator and signed by the bishop, the coordinator will forward them to the Presiding Bishopric's Office for their consideration.

In very small wards and in branches, the bishop or branch president may HIGHLAND STAKE SOFTBALL CAPTAINS VIE fOR FIRST UPS (Salt Lake Highland B. Ward, Stagg, Avenue Park Bishop John victory, of smile can't-wait a With the the coordinator request to assume setup in the starting position choice his the gives team which the bat last hold the on grabs City) Stake,

to sustain responsibilities stand by sons of both coordinator and Their come."wonders Barr "how Moss, Stratford Ward, of bishop former while

Priesthood, j secretary of the ward boy leadership them Thein "whate'eraffair was betides."a fathers and sons outing sponsored jointly by the Highland,.,.,Stake Aaronic

committee. committee and the Highland District Boy Scout committee.

SEPTEMBER 1951 669 THESE TIMES

(Concluded from page 614) influence can or ought to be maintained

What does our religious system have by virtue of the priesthood, only by to contribute to a developing "science"persuasion, by longsuffering, by genof human relations, beyond the great tleness and meekness, and by love pure kindness unfeigned; and By generality too (which powerful and

... '4142.) (Verses knowledge. that and realize) us comprehend few of

the gospel is a revealed scheme which These standards for the priesthood embraces divine experience along this recommend themselves as good standSalt Lake's Favorite line? ards for others. It may be hard docFirst might be reported the golden trine for a symphony conductor, an

buildlieutenant-general, or a rule: others asFamily Dining Spat! you would infantry Do unto can he to believe that ing contractor you. thought This them do unto have

army, music, a better better Hotel get the have Temple Square That's that us of most have profound so inis friendly, Coffee—our Shop substituting better houses or build by the of at arrived edge meaning never Folks hotel room. dining viting for commandtantrums, persuasion

tell tasty as particularly appreciate our they Jesus'the of us words, food, spotless linens and our teachings combined the rule with love longsuffering for oaths and curses, handles. batons, or shovel sensible service. courteous Our love of neighbor and of two broken God—the too, refreshing, they prices are betimes with Certainly, "Reproving

great, commandments. it feel they say. mean And we the sharpness, by moved upon when

they keep back because coming is idea wellex- related a Second, is allowed; (verse 43) Ghost"Holy of often them more more——pressed, Doctrine Covenants and is in increase love"provided "an ever before. than

38:2425: "... let every man esteem shown forth "afterwards... lest he

his brother as himself."An important esteem thee to be his enemy."

word here is esteem. Well, I suppose all those who beThird, for all who work in Church lieve they are well on the way toHotel administration, section 4, verse 5 of wards celestial salvation may pause

the same work, dated February 1829, once or twice daily. We may then Temple Square sets the standard: "And faith, hope, examine and see whether we are apcharity and love, with an eye single proximating "gospel standards"in the

to the glory of God, qualify him for field of human relations in these times.

Clarence L. West, Manager the work."(Italics author's.) A city that is set on a hill cannot be

Again in section 121: "No power or hid. Neither can a man.

SOME PROBLEMS OF INTEREST RELATING TO THE

BRASS PLATES {Continued from page 639) (I Kings 11:29; 12:24.) What hapwhen its capital of Samaria capitupened to the keeping of sacred

lated to Sargon II in 721 B. C. The records when the Israelites became

forebears of Laban may well have sharply divided on political grounds fled to Jerusalem to prevent the—so much so that the two nations

sacred records from falling into were enemies? We remember the

alien hands. Lehi's grandfather or religious effects of the American

the and North greatgrandfather have left his upon may Civil War Just Open A question. the in South Jerusalem northern when home for we ask SAVINGS ACCOUNT

NOW! order to prevent his children from The prophets in both nations probwith $50.00 or more and you will receive intermarrying or making religious ably paid little attention to the politFREE your lovely Schaeffer Fineline pen compromises with the foreigners ical lines of division, but it is imset. pencil and brought into the land by the Asprobable that all of them had their

Savings Accounts in any amount $1 to $25,000. syrians, Such a course would not words recorded in the scriptures of

32 years of continuous operation. be unreasonable on the part of many both nations. From the time of the

CURRENT <%, Per devout families. division until the fall of the northern

DIVIDEND J 1 Annum If the brass plates had been kept kingdom in 721 B. C, the brass

by Laban's ancestors in the tribe plates may well have been the ofUtah Savings of Ephraim as early as the united ficial scripture of the Ten Tribes.

and Loan Association kingdom under Saul, David, and It is probable that some prophets 172 West Center, PROVO Solomon, it would be of great interwrote on these plates whose writtheir ings that history est recorded not been have and to know may MAl L HANDY COUPON—in the other records subserecords kept sacred Judah. any on Were Send your order to of check or money

Utah Savings, 172 Center, Provo, and quent to the division which took Zenos, Zenock, Neum, and Ezias your savings pass book and pen set place after Solomon's death; it will (I Nephi 19:10; Helaman 8:20)

will be mailed to you immediately. be remembered that the northern among them? They were all Hebrew

Name confederation of tribes followed prophets known to the Nephites,

Address Jeroboam and the southern kingdom but their names do not appear in

City Zone.--.State of Judah remained under Rehoboam. our current Old Testament. It is

670 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA also possible that the writings of some prophets in Judah were riot placed the brass on plates during the period consideration, under but YOU OWE IT TO YOURSELF of this we have no way of knowing.

But after the fall of Samaria, in 721 B. C, it is very probable that AND YOUR WARD

most Jewish prophetical writings were engraved on the brass plates, when you come to conassuming, of course, that Laban's immediate forebears came to Jeruference to SEE and HEAR salem as we have already conjectured. It is a fact of considerable the new

importance in biblical studies that the Book of Mormon indicates the presence on the brass plates of more scripture than that contained in our HAMMOND

Old and New Testaments put together. (I Nephi 13:2326.) Considering the fact that these plates ORGAN

recorded Hebrew scripture written

Gets Out of Tune only before the year 600 B. C we Costs Much Less—Never

to Play have ample testimony to the loss Takes Up Less Room—Easy

of much scripture between that date Over 190 in L.D.S.r Chapels

and the present time.

Lehi searched the had When GUN BROS. MUSIC CO. plates, filled brass with the he was

Spirit, and began to prophesy to the OGDEN 74 South Main St. PROVO

effect that the day would come when Salt Lake City they should be made known unto all kindreds, tongues, and people who were of his seed. (I Nephi

5:1718.) Moreover, he prophesied

that the brass plates should never perish or be dimmed by time.

{I Nephi 5:19.) We know, therefore, that many unknown or hitherto

corrupted texts of scripture Hebrew will to be restored the world in cor- (m\m \mm\ MD rect form. To those of us who are

interested in the study of the Bible, this is a comforting and even a thrilling prospect.

A paq Jot ffdmuj iim

WE BUY A BEACH COTTAGE

is a bathroom luxury By Grace Sayre Truly, MD at a budget price! MD has

the things all the papers were on all you wantYoufile,said when it's cotton white, baby soft,

That we had made a purchase well worth strong! Buy several rolls

while.

You did not know that this beach cottage of MD Toilet Tissue today!

place Was bought that we might give our souls SOFTWHITE-STRONG the space To more than marvel daily at the view.

We bought a strip of sandy shore line true—

But most of all, we paid for satisfaction

To be a part of the elements'distraction.

We bought a pathway, moonlit, on the

We sea;paid in coin for vast immensity

Of beauty and of solitude and peace;

We owned God's ocean for our hearts'release.

SEPTEMBER 1951 671 SelfPunishment Tuesday—{Continued from page 634)

Vegetable foods do not contain cholesterol.

... September 4 p?ATS of any type aid markedly in

the intestinal absorption of New classes starting in: cholesterol; thus, a low fat diet

encourages excretion. In addition,

Accounting Secretarial Work a low fat diet has also been reported

General Clerical Fields to encourage the excretion of bile which is made from cholesterol in the liver.

Consider the complete training and complete placement servMajor armies of defense, howices available to you at L.D.S. Business College, ever, are the B-complex vitamins

choline and inositol, the essential

Write or call today for further information. amino acid, methionine, and possibly

a few other substances. 11 These

chemicals combine with cholesterol

BUSINESS COLLEGE andkidneyscauseandit intestine.to be excreted in the

Interestingly our best enough, 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH D. S. are of choline and inositol sourcesL

whole grain wheat and the leguminous vegetables such as peas and beans.

Dietary deficiency of choline and other such substances is known to result in fatty deposits and accumulation of cholesterol in the liver, a major cause of "hardening"in that organ. 12 A heart attack may be the first outward evidence of an arteriosclerotic process in a person who has believed himself to be in the pink of condition. Recovery from one

such attack puts the patient on

EVERYWHERE in Utah, Idaho, MonFrom Mites notice that his arteries are not as healthy as he had optimistically tana and Nevada there's a KOLOB Ta Millions assumed.

AGENT ready to advise you on your ZION'S BENEFIT... oldest savings and Often it takes a rude awakening

in.. has grown Utah. loan association insurance problems. Every type of to induce us to obey the Word of

thrift pioneering simple a sound and from coverage, prompt settlement of plan to an institution with more than $4VzWisdom. After a lifetime of ignormillion assets. ing our health in pursuit of pleasure

claims, more than 300 agents. or success, we decide there is noth-

"the to ing be gained by being earn 3%. Here savings A General Insurance Agency in richest most wellfed and man Start by 4Bk an account

FRANK SALISBURY, MGR. mail with $1 or more. the cemetery."We now are open

to persuasion on what to eat and mmvsi& what to leave alone, and we are perZION'S BENEFIT suaded that the Lord knew what

BUILDING SOCIETY ourour bodiesProphetneedto advisewhen "meathe inspiredspar33 East

SALT LAKE1st SouthCITY, StreetUTAH ingly."

330 Judge Bldg.—Salt Lake City The author bears testimony to

the divinity and truthfulness of the

Word of Wisdom and believes it is the way to optimal health. AlFor Your Reading Pleasure though not necessary for the

development of faith in the Word of

Wisdom, all reliable scientific data THE IMPROVEMENT ERA supports it. 12 Issues $2.50

Read it, the Lord makes very 672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA clear his will appertaining to the spiritual and temporal health of TheTIE that SINVS... be gait fake % fibniu pal

his children. the Intermountain West!.HvKingAkshssjiiAbdullahin Oldof JordanJerusalemKilled

BIBLIOGRAPHY

iLeary, T.. Archives of Pathology 32:507, 1941.

euper, W. C, American Journal of Pathology

?/:130, 1946.

3Wilkinson. C. F., General Practice, (a Journal)

Pub. by American Academy of General Practice **mmm,*"'1:49, 1950.

National Research Council, Committee on Nutritional Requirements, Annual Report, 1936.

EGoldblatt, H., Physiological Review 27:120, 1947.

Heuper W. C, Medicine 20:397, 1941.

7Gubner, R., and Ungerleider, H. E., American

Journal Medicine 6:60, 1949.

8Silberberg, M.. Arch Path., 50, 828, 1950.

"Lewis, S., and Goldblatt, H., Bulletin N. Y. YfcV July, 1942. MedicineAcademy

Leary, T., Archives of Pathology: 50, 151, 1950. -*e<

nWyeth Bulletin, Lipotropic Therapy, Philadelphia, 1950.

12McHenry, E. W., and Patterson, J. M.,

Physiological Review 24:128, 1944.

The World of the Jaredites

(Continued [row. page 630)

neither the brother of Jared nor his To promote unity of interest, in the Intermountainchildren are ever named. (We are 'unity of purpose, progress

not even told how many sons he ft> Empire, each edition of The Salt Lake Tribune is spechad, though Jared's own sons are ially designed to bring you news of importance to your own listed by name. ) This once puzhometown plus news of importance to the entire Empire. Thus,

zled me, since the brother of Jared indeed, "The tie that binds the Intermountain West"is...

is by all odds the most important

It is,character in the book. of LAKE THE TRIBUNE SALT this"course, because "he that wrote of Newspapers Great America's One

is a direct descendant of Jared (1:2,

32), and not of Jared's brother, and is giving the history of his own line only. Distinctive Records See and Save by To get involved in Andree'seightyeight versions of the Flood for EVERY L.D.S. HOME GREYHOUND

story, or the sixtyfour conflicting MY PICTURE BOOK OF

HONEYMOON of the listedaccounts dispersion SONGS COUPLE Children 19 cleverly dramatized love these might jeopardize von Schwarz,by an Amazing... enjoyingAmerica tunes.

the terseness and brevity that give 3 10inch records in album $3.95 Tour... everything

our little notes their gemlike qualTHE KING OF GLORY theypreplannedwish. just as

ity. Let us consign such matters (He That HathSung Cleanby Hands)

to the decent obscurity of a footJESSIE EVANS SMITH COLLEGE the and STUDENTSnote. 1 * long as you As insist on SALT LAKE TABERNACLE CHOIR ahead..on.

12inch semiflex record the forhaving evidence everything $1.31 dollarsa trip weekend

home.by the way, you cannot object to SEVEN7 favoriteIMMORTALL.D.S. hymns sungHYMNSby the

an occasional reference in small PROMISED VALLEY QUARTET 10inch records 3 print. trouble the with Babel The BUSINESSMAN SMITH'S JOSEPH in album OWN$3.95 little. that toldstory is so we are

laxing STORY on the way in enigmatic verses few short narrated recordingA... sh! he's reby A documentary to sales his next

A. McKINLAY LYNNGenesis are not in themcall. enough in semiflex records album....$5.05 3 12inch

selves to justify the dogmatic reWatch for constructions and wild surmises that "THE STORY OF NEPHI"have raged about the tower. Ether album to be released soon DRIVER... one

has the support of the latest conof the world's best—pleasant

capablelclusions, based on Genesis, chapter and 10, that when the tower was built, the people had already been "spread abroad in the earth after the deluge"for some time. 2 When our At your dealer or direct from

YOUR describes a particularsource region ARTS, RECORDING INC. GREYHOUNDSEE

Street Temple 19 South West (Continued page) on following AGENT

CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH TODAY! for 35c orders postage Add

refer to at bibliography *Numbers end sales tax customers Utah add all2%mail of article.

SEPTEMBER 1951 673 THE WORLD OF THE JAREDIIES

{Continued from preceding page) the first of all novels and dramas as "that quarter where there never should be still the best? Are not

had man been"(Ether 2:5), the the earliest paintings of the human

implication is that men had certainlyrace to this day unexcelled? Please

been in other quarters. Moreover, note that we are only able to pass

Jared's people were reluctant to judgment on those things which leave their homes, and when they happen to have survived from those were finally "driven out of the remote ages: We assume that those

land,"they took with them flocks, people were crude and primitive in herds, and seeds of every kind, toall other things, until some of those gether with the knowledge and other things turn up and show them skills (they even took books with to be far ahead of us. We must

civilization—allthem ) necessary theseto establishthingsa beinggreat admit,chippingfor ofexample,certainthat paleolithicthe stone

the necessary products of a longhunters has never been equaled established and widespread econsince their day; it so happens that

omy. Civilization meets us fullstone implements are all that have

blown, nay, decadent, in the pages survived from those people—have

of Ether. One looks in vain for we any right to deny them perfecany sign of evolution in the Book tion in other things? Is there any

of Mormon. This is a red rag to reason for supposing that their

the social scientists, I know, but wood or leather work was inferior?

that is only because social scienAnyone with a modern education

Prices inc. Fed. Tax

tell historical will hesitation the that docutists don't you without read

Mail orders filled promptly it, if earliest the anwhich, they of our weaving v \ ments, only knew

PHOTO lab.are thenotesinexhaustibleof the humanfield race.notes andTo cestorsindeed. mustBut whenhave beencontraryvery tocrudeall

i MATERIALS CO. those whose view of the world expectations, some of that cloth is

2 7 West So Temple Ph.3-1404 comes from questionnaires and textactually found, the French experts

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. books, it seems incredible that the give it careful examination and deearly dynastic civilization of Sumer, clare it the equal of the very finest

for example, should be so far ahead stuff we are capable of producing

GOES TWICE as withof laterit everythingcultures thatthat comes"comparedlater havetoday. 5 survivedThe onlyfromweaponsprehistoricthat

FAR craftsseems almostmust decadent;have reachedthe handian purposetimes arethanfar morea modernsuitedrifle.for theirThe

As Most Other Liquid astounding perfection."3 It is hard deadliest of all hunting weapons

Starches Because It's to believe that the great Babylonian remains to this day the stoneCONCENTRATED civilization throughout the many headed (not steelheaded) arit flourished labors recent row. centuries in which on was In my

Gives You EASY Starching off the the sponging arrows occamarked I had merely coasting,

BEAUTIFUL, Easy Ironing achievements of a much earlier sion to assemble an impressive

READY TO USE civilization which by all rights amount of evidence on this head. 8

Just Cold Add Hot Or Water should have been "primitive"? yet Eyre has recently supplied a good

that is exactly the picture that deal of evidence to prove that our

Meissner gives us in his great "primitive"ancestors enjoyed a study.* It is against the rules that good deal more security, comfort,

those artistic attainments for which and pleasure in life than we do. 7

Egypt is most noted—the matchless Moreover, as an anthropologist you

portraits, the wonderful stone vesknow perfectly well that backward sels, the exquisite weaving—should and primitive people may have

reach their peak at the very dawn mental powers equaling or excelling of Egyptian history, in the preour own—look at Elkin's Australian

dynastic period, yet such is the case. aborigines or, if they are too far

It is in the earliest dynasties, and away, I can lead you to some InBUY | not in the later ones, that technical dians who in some things can make

AT YOUR. perfection and artistic taste of the us feel like cretins. If it would not CROCERS

Egyptians in jewelry, furniture, take us too far afield, I could show ceramics, etc., are most "advanced."you that the dogma of the evoluNew Features... Is it not odd that the very earliest tionary advancement of the human

For Your Enjoyment piece of literature surviving in the race as a whole is nothing but an

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA heritage of western literature should impressive diploma which the nine12 Issues $2.50

Foreign Subscriptions $3.00 also be incomparably the best? That teenth century awarded sumtna

674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA cum laude—to itself. Modern man

is a selfcertified genius who, having pinned the blue ribbon on his own lapel, proceeds to hand out all the other awards according as the various candidates are more or less like him.

"Yes,"I can hear you say, "but there must have been a long evolution behind all these early achievements."Which is for you to prove,

not assume, if you are a scientist.

What is certain to date is (a) that their evolutionary background has not been discovered, and (b) that there is no record of subsequent improvement through all these thousands of years. So let the biologists

talk of evolution; for the historian

it has no meaning.

By now I imagine I have placed you into such a state that you would refuse to read farther even if I had the time to write more. I leave you

now with a promise of coming attractions, pending your willingness HOTEL UTAH to carry on the discussion. Be so

good as to indicate your reactions One of America's to all these words, and I shall conBest Loved duct myself accordingly. Dining Spots

( To be continued ) MAX CARPENTER, Manager

Bibliography

1R. Andree, Die Flutsagen (Braunsch-i

weig: 1891); F. von Schwarz, Sintfluth

Volkerwanderungenund (Stuttgart: 1894), OREGON CHIPPER CHAINp. 358 & passim.

THE CHAIK REPLACEMENT STANDARD

owners of allFlood'2E. G.Story,"Kraeling,Journal"Theof BiblicalEarliest Lit.HebrewLVI /Jpthe brand that brings you So many makes and models of power

installed chain saws hove Chipper with Chain Oregon It 280ff. is interesting 290 (1947),

Tooth FastFile lhat "slandrecognized the as it is now that \j onie besttftana all are accounts very vague all It as to where fits chain."ard replacement saws, gives owners

Superior Write performance. of nearest for namethe family lived human before the flood, dealer. State bar length. {Money saw make, makingthe best version, that of Berossor, reporting dealerships open,)

that "the flood survivors are 'lost,'and toldhave to be by divine revelation where CHICKEN rout CHAIN SAW

Id.they are."t 288f. lOCGEI

Goetze, 3A. Hethiter, Churriter und

''Trade Mark (Oslo:Assyrer 11. 1936), p.

REPLACEMENT STANDARD CHAIN *Bruno Meissner, Babylonien Assyrund FOR:.. DISSTON LOMBARD MALI

ien (Heidelberg: illustrating 1926), TITAN the

. HORNET. I.E.L. fO McCUlLOCHPOUIAN ATKINS allpermanent of later dependence Babylon-. REEDPRENTICE HOMEUTE

ian civilization on the culture of the early WOODSOSS. PRECISION

settlers of the valley; e.g. in literature, II,

154f; cf. Moret, op. cit. I, 130.

5"La finesse des fits est telle qu'avec nos Address Desk 1-9 machines les plus vecentes, ne I'avons nous OREGON CORP. CHAIN SAW

Avenue, Portland 2, 8816 5. E. 17th Oregongueve depassee."Lacasine, quoted by

Moret, op. cit., I, 66. The earliest known

cloth shows a high degree of perfection,

F.-M. Bergounioux and A. Glory, Les

Premiers Hommes (Paris: Didier, 1945), iM).sspvnaE- n -a'ii'5**-o-asvo<swi:>-*B-i;><;

pp. 319, 346, PL xxix.

superiority of arthe stoneheaded The IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS fully has beenrow demonstrated by SaxACCORDIONSton Pope, Aids in treatment with Hunting the simple of Canker, and Bow ITALIAN FAMOUS MAKES York:Arrow Putnam, (New 1947). throat minor fo Bible and other Available Students, Christian mouth Workers sore

7Ed. Eyre (Ed.), European Civilization and Missionaries at and throat irritations.

(Oxford: 1934-8), Vol. I, chap. i. "The SPECIAL DISCOUNTS

paleolithic artists,"says Moret (op. cit. Write Today for FREE Literature

"must lived haveI, 23), time in a when Dept.they could with work securCHICAGOIE, 754 ACCORDIONN. Damen Ave.,CENTER,Chicago Inc.22, III. HALL'S REMEDY

ity, and permanence."might envy continuity,We Salt Lake City, Utah

them!

SEPTEMBER 1951 675 - (/Dun J>hepherdy EDITOkTODAY'S

(""eatingFresh Vegetable Chart tor uouna people awau

Waterless cooking method is preferable amount of water (only enough to prevent for all vegetables, except dried peas and sticking and burning ) to boil to drive out beans, but requires heavy pans with tightoxygen before adding vegetable. Then add

fitting lids. Lacking these, use methods vegetable—whole, chopped, or shredded

shown, endeavoring to have little or no cover, lower heat, and steam until tender.

leftover liquids and to use any that do For other cooking methods see article, remain. "Be a Newfashioned Cook,"The ImFor steaming vegetables, bring small provement Era, July 1950.

FRESH COOKING TIME VEGETABLES,

POTENTIAL FOR STEAMING CARE AND COOKING TO RETAIN FOOD VALUE HOW TO SELECT

FOOD VALUE (Covered pans)

ASPARAGUS

container. in covered moist and Keep cool Fresh, green asparagus high Firm, straight stalks firm, with

boiling rack with on keeping. Cook long in vitamins A, B, C, G, About 20 minutes Avoid close tips. at stalks buds Avoid

little suggested as in water or below, steam water lost ( Vitamin in bleach- A that or appear dry woody ing) above Iron, Calcium

BEANS (dry) overnight; jar. Vitamin soak in covered Wash and Keep Bi, G beans Packaged are cleaner 2-3 hours tly, plenty using Iron Simr water. in same cook than "bulk"cost more but may

will cool Calcium of as rit water

Protein

BEANS, GREEN (snap and lima) Wash and stj.colander. Drop immediately Pods crisp, wellfilled, bright

green, free from blemishes. Vitamins

to A, Bi, C 2030 minutes intonot untilboilingsoftwater.and mushy.Cook andDotestnotuntilshelltenderlimas only,until Break test snap Iron, Calcium

Protein cooking time

BEETS

whole New. roots with of water large in fresh, tops amount Young: whole unwilted. Sok contain iron Greens and 3060 minutes color. shred retain and to of firm, stem, Small, Or part evensized beets and Bi, vitamins A, and and C 1-2 hours Old—little little vinegar a water. Drop very cook with steam quickly more are and more G Shredded discoloring to likely prevent in to water hard tender be calcicontain'Roots some 20 minutes

iron, Bi, vitamins um, G BROCCOLI in small place outer peel skin, and off tough Wash, stalks, tight flowers, Lift gently. out Green boiling water. Steam amount Vitamins A, Bi, C, G 1020 minutes freshlooking leaves

Iron, calcium with tongs

BRUSSELS SPROUTS Trim off dull leaves and plunge into cold salted Firm heads with fresh green

Vitamins A, B lt C, and G 1015 minutes water 10 minutes before cooking. Steam in small leaves. Fluffy or yellow leaves

Iron, calcium amount boiling water. Avoid warming up are inferior quality

CABBAGE green moist, covered. New, Steam, in a little and Keep cold,—vitamins A, with Firm head healthy, green

in with be served 5-10 minutes water, milk or cook which can Bi, C and G leaves for best flavorWhite cabbage—vitamins the vegetable. Chopping shortens cooking time

C and G, calcium and iron CARROTS Wash and store in covered container. Slice or

Vitamins A, Bi, G minutes shred and cook in a little water. Less food value shape, bright

Iron is lost if skin is "scrubbed"off

Calcium 15 salted minutes in cold water Soak upside downCAULIFLOWER in large be cooking. before cooked whole May free firttrheads, from Vitamins in small water, or steamed broken Bi, C, G 20 minutes up and amount coloration. fresh Leaves and Iron in less time. not of water amount cook Do until green. leaves Yellow age show Calcium mushy

CELERY, GREE Clean and wash celery an hour before using. Firm, even stalks, free from

Vitamins A, Green celery has greater vitamin values than bruises. Green celery usually

Iron 1015 minutes white. When cooked for soups, etc., use cooking superior in food value

Calcium water also (Concluded on page 678) 676 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SEWING TIPS

(Dm cLouiie J-rice &5eii

1. When drawing threads from

the edge of material to form a fringe, crease the material or run a thread to mark the depth you wish the fringe to be. Slash the

material back to this mark every three or four inches. It's easy then

to stroke the short ends out with a needle or stiff brush.

2. A nut pick is a handy tool

with which to pick out bastings and stitches. The curved, sharp point

fits under the stitches easily. Or

try using a pair of tweezers. Even

the shortest threads come out quickly. 3. When hemming sheets, towels,

etc., rub the folded hem with paraffin before stitching. It will stay put

without basting.

4. Before hemming the youngster's play dress, sew an inchtuck

with large machine stitches, just below where it will be turned up.

This comes on the inside when the hem is finished, and can be let down when needed.

5. If you make your own shoulder pads, place a small amount of

your favorite sachet powder in the filling of each pad. It will also

make the other clothes in your closet fragrant.

6. When sewing buttons on

clothing, try the elasticized thread the kind used for shirring. This

keeps buttons from tearing the material and is particularly good for use on rayon blouses and especially those which button down the back.

7. If you have trouble keeping

your pattern pieces together, purchase large Manila mailing envelopes; slit and paste the pattern

envelope flat on the mailing one.

Then put pattern pieces inside the larger envelope. Any necessary adjustments, suggestions for materials,

or special alteration notes, are written on the new envelope.

8. When patching boys'overall iOHs GiMV DAYS ARE PAST

legs, inside the put a magazine leg. NOW THE SCHOOLS WDTAKE 'EM - toIt helps patch keep both and

garment smooth while you sew. DRESS AWD suit SO NEAT MP cLEAW,

9. Are your scissors dull? Cut a AS OtfLY fELS CAM MAKE *W 1

square of sandpaper into strips.

When you're through the scissors will be sharp again.

SEPTEMBER 1951 677 FRESH VEGETABLE CHART (Concluded from page 676)

FRESH TIME COOKING VEGETABLES FOR STEAMING CARE AND COOKING TO RETAIN FOOD VALUE HOW TO SELECT Potential (Covered Pans) Food Value

is the picked, after being cooked corn sooner TheCORN Bright green husks and fresh is. it in boilflavorful Immerse tender and more

silk. firm, close, Kernels Vitamins A, Bi, C, G 5 minutes little in or brown water steamed ing be water. May milky and Iron is time lengthened waterless, but cooking cooked

CUCUMBERS Vitamins Bi, C, G 5-10 minutes Keep in chilled place; slice with skin on Firmends lessand wastefulbright green. Round

GREENS: *SPINACH, KALE, SWISS CHARD, MUSTARD, TURSoak a few minutes in lukewarm water. Drain.

NIP GREENS Spinach, mustard Rinse three or four times in cold water to remove 1

Vitamins A, Bi, C, G or turnip greens sand. Shake leaves well, and drop into very small Leaves fresh, crisp, tender

Some K 8-10 minutes. amount of boiling water. Cook covered

Iron Others, 20 minutes Mustard and turnip greens also high in calcium LETTUCE SALAD GREENS Store in cool, dry, airtight place. To clean, cut Green leaf lettuce has higher

Vitamins A, Bi, G, G out core with sharp knife and let water run into vitamin, mineral value than

Iron separate leaves. Shake well white lettuce

Calcium Small, firm onions usually more

Small,ONIONS little is only economical where in cool, dry place away from other food. minutes Store Flavor is chief value 1015 for seasoning. used Spanish or bake Steam Large, Vitamins onions sweet Bermuda and and Bi, C

3040 minutes mild

PARSNIPS

Some vitamins Bi, C, G 2030 minutes ScrubSlip offandskin,cookcutinlengthwise;small amountremovewatercore,untiliftender.tough parsnipsChoose crisp, mediumsize

Iron, calcium PEAS, DRY Packaged peas more sanitary, Vitamins "bulk"peas less expenBi and G about 2 hours Prepare same as dried beans but Iron sive

Protein PEAS, GREEN Keep in pods in cool place until used. Shell, drop

Protein, carbohydrate some Vitamins A, Bi, C, G 1025 minutes intotendersmallonly amount boiling water and cook until wellfilledPods green, unspotted, velvety,

Iron PEPPERS (green) Wipe off, store in covered container in ice box.

Vitamins A and C Whole,Diced, 1020 minutesminutes Cookwater, whole,milk, ororbacondice anddrippingssteam in small amount Firmno blemishesskin, bright green color, Iron

POTATOES (white) Store in cool, dry place. Cook whole or cut in Clean, smooth, firm. Maine and

Some vitamins Bi, C 2030 minutes half in small amount water, with peelings on; Idaho potatoes for baking

Iron and calcium skins easily removed later (Even size for even cooking)

POTATOES (sweet) moist; potatoes are yellow Dark

in cool, dark, dry place. Steam in small dry light ones mealy. and Avoid

Iron water, or bake Vitamins A, B 1( C, G 2030 minutes amountStore spots black ends wrinkled and

Calcium

sanitary. most Sealed boxesRICE (brown) at boiler, in or in double simmer heavy pan Cook

rice rice cheaper. Bulk Brown Vitamins 1 1 tsp. salt to 2 heat, cups and with water Bi, G 3040 minutes low

nutritive in higher value than Iron rice after stir or cooking not cup rice. wash Do

white SQUASH 1020 minutes A, Bi, Cymling (summer) skin, firm Fresh heavy feeling not peel bake. but do summer Steam or Wash, (summer) C, G for hard summer squash—thick winter in small water. Peel amount Cook minutes squash. (winter) C, 2030 A, Hubbard B x for rind squash winter squash

(winter) G Iron, Calcium TOMATOES Little vitamin destroyed in canning. Vitamin loss Firm, glossy skin, heavy feelVitamins exposure skin. thin to heat and air. Cook in little water; ing Let green with A, Bi, C, G 5-15 minutes on

Iron to cover be sure fruit ripen temperature at room

Calcium TURNIPS RUTABAGAS AND solid heavy;

Vitamins Bi, C, - not hollow; avoid G 1520 minutes water.Cut in Dopiecesnot orpeel,shredunlessand peelingscook in toughsmall amount Rootsfeeling—smooth,

Calcium spongy roots 'Spinach, beet greens, Swiss chard, rhubarb, all contain oxalic acid which is generally considered to make their calcium unavailable.

678 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

HOMEMAKERS 600KBACK StarKist Tuna Wins 3-to-l

THE NUTRITIONAL IMPROVEMENT OF LIFE

(Henry C. Sherman. Columbia University Press, New York. 1950. 270

pages. $3.75.)

"A higher order of fitness"is the aim of modern nutrition studies, according to this author and widely known food chemist who has played an important part in the progress of nutrition during the past half century.

He has written here a panoramic review of scientific effort in this field from the nineties to the present time;

then he has analyzed the meaning of this work as it affects length of life, health, and happiness. "Wisdom lies

least largely at ourselvesin nourishing in Preferred in Thousands of Taste Tests concludes, he natural foods,"on emphasizing the danger of tampering Actual taste tests were conducted tests both homemakers and food too greatly with what nature has proin 24 cities and towns from coastexperts preferred StarKist 3 to 1 vided, considering how little we know tocoast. Through the cooperation

about the nature of food and its reof church groups and women's lation to human health. clubs, homemakers sampled the 3

The book covers the field briefly but nationally advertised leading tuna in readable style. It carries a twentybrands. Food experts then made

two page bibliography for those who identical comparisons. Results were

might be stimulated to further study. audited by independent Certified

—B. S. Public Accountants. In thousands

of these unbiased sideby-side taste

I By S01ID PACK or CHUNK STYIE same uaU,ypattddifferet ways

HANDY HINTS

Payment for Handy Hints used will beone dollar upon publication. In the event wherever

that two with the same idea are submitted, the one postmarked earlier will receive thedollar. None of the ideas can be returned, you go..

but each will receive careful consideration.

Those who have little puffed sleeves to iron will find the task easier if they fold the puffed sleeve so that the cuff is in the armhole, then iron from crease to cuff and from crease to top of sleeve.

Mrs. C. W. J.

Arcadia, Fla.

To clean and wax linoleum floors in one operation, pour a teacupful of liquid wax into the mop water. Clear, warm water

should be used.

B. W.

Thermopolis, Wyo. en|oy

To make faded shag rugs look like new, select a deeper shade of dye than the color of the rugs, fill the washer with hot water and the same amount of washing powder used for washing; put the dye inthe suds, turn for a second to mix well, ffritos

place rug in washer. This will not only

restore a beautiful even color, but will also clean your rug. PARTIES * PICNICS * SHACKSB. S.

Salt Lake City Fritos—crisp, crunchy Fritos—delicious anytime, anywhere! Enjoy these

Instead of buying a preparation espegolden chips of corn at parties, with favorite beverages, at picnics, and cially for killing odors, unpleasant pour with betweenmeal snacks. Ask for Fritos at food

into drops oilabout four of peppermint a bowl and add boiling water to it. It kills store or eating place. America's favorite corn chips,

odors and freshens the air as well as any- &ritosA enjoyed coast to coast!thing.

Mrs. A. M.Luther, Mich. THE FRITO CO., SALT LAKE CITY—LOS ANGELES, CALIF.

SEPTEMBER 1951 679.

NEW USES FOR OLD FELT

Ane who seeks a creative but inexpensive hobby might well gather up the family felt hats which ou are discarded annually and try remaking them into such useful items 'J'his column for young people, and for any as slippers, belts, calots—or even

suspenders. others who wish to take

Easyto-make scuffs, for instance, advantage of it, features can be created from a big felt hat articles of a "howto and will give much useful wear. doit"nature. ContribuThe felt must be pressed flat and tions are welcome and

cut out by pattern (Fig. 1) into will be considered for

size needed. Then two more soles publication at regular

and vamps may be cut from plaid rates.

——T-—

. X L"-—-.//

—MM p '-—c y \,—i—y—\a—

i N (;ol * D

gingham or other colorful matching tern,Fig. oneJ. squareScuffs fromequalsan7 oldinch.feltDrawhat.linesOn 7"the apartpatplain wrapping paper and chart pattern as //- Bound Volumes of material for lining. The felt and onlustrated.

cloth should be quilted together and the ERA make valuedges bound with the lining maBlocking and Molding: Steam

able reference books. terial for reinforcement and trimand a hot iron will stretch, shrink,

ming. Then the vamps and soles or mold felt. A hat may be flattened

are sewed together by machine just by folding it in half, covering with

Preserve each issue for perinside the binding. hot pressing with a wet cloth, and

binding. manent

felt is flat, let As far as sewing is concerned, iron. it dry When

felt can be cut and sewed as easily and brush it. Conversely, it may be

A fine addition to any as cloth, by hand or by machine. rounded, as for the toes of slippers,

Seams need no finishes, for there by running a gathering thread along library, both for value is no raveling. Wearables, such as the edge and gathering in to right

bedroom slippers, should be roomy, size. Then steampress it over a

of contents and apand may be reinforced with cloth, padded mold (or padded bowl) and pearance. leather, or another layer of felt. the fulness will shrink in.

Edges of felt articles may be neatly Long, straight strips of felt for finished by pinking. bandings, belts, suspenders, are

Felts are made of fur, wool, or made by cutting a strip of desired

Economical cotton, but cotton felts are usually width round and round the hat.

$3.00 per volume not worth reusing. If you've colPin the strip straight on the ironing

lected a few hats and wish to put board with inside curve taut. The

them in shape for cutting and sewother will be rippled. Then steam-

F.O.B. Salt Lake City ing into new articles, the following press, and rippled outer edge will

(Postpaid, add 30c) suggestions will be helpful. flatten. (See Fig. 2.)

Cleaning the felt: Sometimes felt

hats can be cleaned and brightened by a good brushing with brush or

If faded, they may be DESERET NEWS PRESS sandpaper.

turned wrong side out. Dry cleaning fluid will take out grease spots

and remove dirt; good quality felt

6-8 So. Main St. may even be washed in warm soapSalt Lake City ing—thesuds. Handlefelt maygentlypullwhileapartcleanwith Fig. 2. Cutting long, straight strips of felt tor

rough treatment. bandings, belts, suspenders.

680 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What you can't say in words...

now comes in a package...

PINK & GOLD

Fig. 3. Felt calot and suspenders will add new

life to an old school outfit.

Novelty felt belts can be made from smaller pieces of felt. One

idea is to draw a small leaf design and cut out enough leaves from felt to make the belt. Lap them

over each other and sew them to a narrow grosgrain ribbon or strip of matching dress material. Or

punch eyelets in the ends of the Izm-/ ''motifs and thread them onto flat braid or cord. A few stitches on

underside will hold motifs in place.

Fasten this belt with a strong hook and eye or with ties of braid or i ru

COCOi,AT cord.

What girl or boy wouldn't like a felt calot? (Fig. 3.) Steampress

felt flat and cut it in sections; punch

holes about onefourth inch from edges and lace sections together with colored felt, leather, tape, or shoestrings. Put a top trimming on

it by winding a strip of the lacing round and round, catching it with needle and thread as you wind or GLADE CANDY COMPANY SALT LAKE roll a small rectangle of felt, stitch it fast, and tack it to top of calot.

To hold the cap in shape, sew a strip of grosgrain ribbon around inside edge of the calot....it's that heavenly Tea Garden grape juice!

Gailytrimmed felt suspenders that will give new life to old school skirts, useful coin purses, handbags, gloves, mittens, and other items that strike the fancy will also provide ways to make new novelties from GARDENold felt.

Quality Reference: Subject matter and

pictures from "Makeovers from Leather, Fur, and Felt,"U.S. Dept. YOUR BEST BUY!

of Agriculture, Misc. Pub. 614, by Healthfully refreshing—no sugar is added. When you buy Tea Garden

Clarice L. Scott. 1946. Grape Juice, try Tea Garden Apple Juice, too. Economical! Delicious!

SEPTEMBER 1951 681 The Richer life

(Concluded from page 645) marriage and the rearing of a good

HOUSEHOLD HELPS Latterdaytake those Saintcoursesfamilyin highand shouldschool and college that will best qualify '&& to Feel lucky be alive?

then, the me as a good homemaker. Well make

most of it! Don't be a I should also strive to learn and

housework drudge, when understand those things which make timeand can use you life richer and more beautiful. like worksavers Vano

Liquid Starch and PowIf the time ever comes when I have dered Bleach, smart The it is impormyself, Faye Baldwin a living earn to cuts corners Adviser homemakerVano Home for voca- a training leisure. to receive to win tant more

tion. Being able to teach school or

PLAN YOUR WORK AND work in an office may sometime

HAVE MORE LEISURE.$ prove very helpful and necessary.

clothes beforeSort L col- I plan on going to should Thus,washing: make sep- -'so I graduating. By piles table of arate can, and lege, if

linens, hand towels, bed linens, bath towdoing, I am enlarging my interest handkerchiefs, apparel, els, wearing stockings, silks and rayons. Hang clothes and also increasing my ability to do

in the same order. Save time and trouble worthwhile things. I am better qualwhen you fold and put them away. ifying myself to enter a grownup

HERE'S A TRICKY world and to meet its challenging

LITTLE QUICKY problems in a selfconfident and

Want to dry your best mature way. It is now my responsidress outof-doors? Use bility to choose the best education

the so reverse hangers, one andtwo coat possible, and thus to make my life dress your This way, a circle.hooks form

won't blow off. the line! happier and more worth while.

As young Latterday Saint girls,

IS IT TRUE WHAT THEY we do have a rich heritage. We've

SAY ABOUT VANO? been greatly blessed in being memletters I've had many

it true "is that I bers of the true Church of Jesus asking can mix colorfast washChrist. We come from good LatIf in tub?"the same ables whites and we've where homes Saint terday

of Bleach, Powdered you're using Vano is happiness true taught what been is Just Yes. remember the answer course

the rule: if you can wash it, you can and how we can obtain it. It all

it. manufacturthe Follow Vanobleach

tho. If a fabdepends now on the choices we all things, er's directions on

ric can't stand soap, it won't do any betmake as to whether we enjoy the ter because you add Vano! Give careful happiness that can be ours.

attention to the heavily soiled parts such as collars, cuffs and hems. Use a small

stiff brush with heavy suds and Vano

Powdered Bleach. Rub briskly before

putting these extra -soiled garments in your wash. Rinse your clothes well to reREASSURANCE

move all soap.

By Mabel Law Atkinson GROWING BABY IVY The dainty, smallDeath could not hold your love away leaf Petite Ivy has from me.

taken Western homemakers by storm! Though it should close and bolt its heavy

The Vano folks offered 3 Petite Ivy door,

Plants for one Vano boxtop or label and You would come winging back, and joygot of requests. thousands 25c—and

sell wonder! plants no These for about And Together—throughously the years—our hearts

35c each! Send any Vano boxtop or label would soar.

and 25c for your 3 plants to Vano Ivy, Beside the moonlit river, I would hear

Dept. S-l, Los Angeles 54. Ivy is shipped Your voice in words of love still speaking

live, ready to plant. low;

Each winding country lane would bring you near; Cicada call; the sunset's flaming glow;

IF YOU'RE NOT Our garden where we dreamed at close of

USING Our day;path of steppingstones a rainbowed

sky; The little church the killdeer's plaintive lay; Vano YOU'RE WORKING TheSo wouldmusic youof a livenewbornand beinfant'swith mecry each...

TOO HARD! hour.

Upon love's memories, death can wield no power. 682 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Signpost (Continued from page 631) More Power To You

With the strange intuition of husband and wife, Dave must have sensed something of the conflict in her mind. Standing, waiting for

the snack to be wrapped, he offered, "I think I have some idea of what you're driving at besides me being tired. It's not a good example to

the kids, sawing stair stringers on

Sunday. But I can't see that a

couple of hours'work makes much difference."

It wasn't good enough.

She kissed him goodbye, still withdrawn and silent. Afterwards,

making the beds and tidying the house, she tried to put her thoughts in better order. Even to herself, The engines in most of the new model cars require

she found it strange that something powerful motor fuel. Utoco Gasoline is ever meeting

within her suddenly put such imthis need through constant research, exhaustive tests portance on Sunday as a day of and continual improvements.

rest and worship. Only a few years

ago she would have thought nothat the machineing sewing of sitting for in the New All 'Round the boysmaking pajamas peaceful interlude while Dave took Performancehis sons to Sunday School. What

had happened to make her so conThe result of course, is extra fast starts, surging power, scious of the wisdom of God's law? and smooth, gliding performance under every motoring

Nothing miraculous had occurred, condition. You get top all 'round performance, regardless

no visions, no sudden exalting reofrefineryseason,tobecausemeet theUtocoseason'sis balancedrequirements.arid blended at the

birth of faith.

She had gone to Sunday School with her sisters and grown through childhood in the security and unNew Value questioning acceptance of her reThis all means new value for your money—increased

ligious teaching. Christmas was a value for your gasoline dollar through improved perwonderful babe in a manger, and formance—when you use Utoco.

God was a great love whose laws we must obey. Spring always Complete line of Atlas Tires,

came, and twinkling green leaves Batteries and Accessories unfailingly appeared on the trees, 42nd Year of Progress and the earth was there for her to live in.

And then there was high school, science, elementary chemistry exUTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY periments. There was a war and a

strange unwilling questioning within her. With the piercing eyes of ICKS COLLEGE

youth she began looking again at exburg, Idahothe things which had been taken for granted. On one hand there was Fall Quarter Registration

a deep thrill of wonder that a Starts September 13

Mighty Hand effortlessly held the ClassworkCHURCH SeptemberOWNED AND19—OPERATEDDecember 7

terrible and wonderful energies of the world, this earth, and the stagEstablished in 1888 gering array of planets in the blue Karl G. Maeser

infinity. Nowa4yr. College And on the other hand were the

relentless questionings of a growFounded by ing intellect—why the obscurities

Testament, theof the Old why IDS Pioneers (Continued page) on following

SEPTEMBER 1951 683

'Specially Styled for The Signpost (Continued from preceding page)

Salad Luncheons seeming contradictions of Church teachings? With the persistence of

the young mind she must not simply accept what had been taught, but search for herself the meanings and reasons of the ageless laws.

For a time she stopped going to

Church. In the busy routine of the

young woman she found time to read books of value; often there

was a sermon in the newspaper;

sometimes she met and spoke with a person of great character.

she went one to Church day little here a because weptmafoesreador againAndand—a salad that's as decorative as it is was everything she had been

delicious. Brilliant red tomatoes and searching for, after all. It had only

it olives ripe black gleaming give vivid taken a little more living. Someolives ripe subtle a color. Chopped add

new flavor. It's a salad to serve with where in the years of love and

pride... to be received with pleasure. work, planning for a family and

her children of rearing she TOREADOR TOMATOES had I've got 3 good sufficiently. were There matured ripe olives 2 tbsps. chili sauce V2 cup chopped

1 (7 oz.) can shrimp 1 tsp. lemon juice still stones to add to the mosaic of

diced, 2 hard tomatoes cooked eggs 6 dill pickle Crisp salad greens her faith, but the years would be reasons for buying cup diced Vi y2 cup diced celery Ripe olives fruitful. The time might yet come

for garnish y3 cup mayonnaise to she could say David when unNalley's Beef Stew "Let's selfconsciously, Sunkeep shrimp, chopped ripe olives, Combine eggs, pickle and celery. Blend mayonday as the Sabbath, as it was meant

naise with chili sauce and lemon juice, to be."It's chock full of beef olive mixture. over Hollow and pour out tomatoes and fill with mixture. But as she helped dress the boys—lean and tender and

salad greens Serve on crisp and garnish ripe with olives. Serves whole 6. for Church she felt ineffectual and chunky;simmered brownedin rich juice,and

in her cowardice. weak What good blended with NOTE: Ripe Olives are now—to did it thrust sermons do down

Ready Chopped—throat if he resented them? a man's

to use Easy—the during wandered Her mind—potatoes,Fresh gardencarrots,vegetablesand Economical, too!—

service. Walking home with Harry onions; crisp, freshLook for chopped

olives ripe on your and Bob, she felt lonely and hunpicked to give grocer's shelves gry for her husband's company.

in convenient small flavor Old fashioned tried to lunch she focus During cost only cans that Nalley's add which his side of the argument. on She—to pennies. Keep cupthem your on handy special chef -blended a shelves. board olives ripe that Now for not could a better asked have to bring gravy you chopped, they're ready to so come easy

generous, and best Beef Stew you have Nise—in so many ways! husband—loving, the

ambitious to earn the needs of his ever tasted

Abracadabra! Presto! Ping! It takes a family. He had stayed at the plant

touch recipe of magic to make a basic your very own "specialty". if you four years when the work was unQUICK—SIMPLY HEAT AND EAT And

would be a sorcerer with the saucepan, suited to his capabilities, simply behere's a suggestion: ripe olcause that work provided security Use chopped

ives generously. Put for his wife and sons until his own

them into cheese and plans developed.

dishes. egg Try them Now he grasped the opportunity seafood, with meats

and Mexican dishes. to embrace those plans, the prospect

Add them to meat of a bright and challenging future.

loaves and to your sauces. And they're There had been delays at the bemagic morsels mixed ginning and small legal difficulties;

with appetizers, too! at last he could work at his own

For more mealtime magic, competent speed to renovate the send for "Elegant but Easy shop in preparation for the new beRecipes with California Ripe ginning. Everything took longer

It's brimful Olives". of practical ideas. And it's free! than planned. They could not afWrite to Olive Advisory Board, ford to hire a contractor. There

Dept. Beale T-9, 16 Street, were only the weekends in which

Francisco California. San 5,

to work. 684 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA At three o'clock she thought, right after lunch, you promised, didn't you? At four she looked at

the clock uneasily. At five she was

telephoning the neighbor next door.

"Carl, do you think you could possibly run me down to the shop?

There's no answer there, and Dave was due home a couple of hours ago."first choice

As Carl swung his car in front of the house, she hesitated almost unconsciously in the bedroom and drew the flashlight from Dave's forsock drawer. If Carl thought the pr

presence of the flashlight in her hand was a little melodramatic, he no comment.made They drove the Churchshort to the distance shop.

She had not stopped to consider whether the door might be locked or open. The handle turned easily,

but Dave was not in the shop. She

called out tensely, "David!"Among all electronic organs, the

a small There was sound from Wurlitzer is the only one designed WurlitzerModelOrgan25 forthe back, ensemble followed voice. sacrificing without by Dave's

She picked her way over the cluttone. Ensemble is essential to inresponsive action, and a solution to

terpret literature. organ the And given of also problem are space amongter of stairwell. lumber to the open the proper ensemble, organists can the advantages provided. many heart in frightHer hammered as she achieve desired solo effects. a tried For and fundrais- proved

swept the flashlight through the Here, too, is the only electronic ing plan, and facts about the many opening down to the dark cellar organ in its price class that includes Wurlitzer models, get in touch with crescendo pedal and combination your Wurlitzer dealer. Organ Confloor. propped was Dave uncompistons as standard sult classified equipment. your telephone direcfortably a post, his against face a Standard dimensions controls, and tory, for his or write us name.

haggard graywhite in the eerie light. THE RUDOLPH WURLITZER COMPANY, NORTH TONAWANDA, NEW YORK EXECUTIVE OFFICES, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS

Carl had come in behind her.

As they quickly lowered a ladder Considering a Piano? More

people Wurlitzer buy Pianosto the cellar, Dave said softly, "I WurliTzerWorld's largest Builder of Organs and Pianos than those of any otherthink I've been lucky."For a moUnder One Great Name name.

ment she wondered if he were delirious, but the next minute he repeated, "I've been lucky. I think

I've only sprained ankle."my SEE YOUR TRAVEL AGENT

followed Carl She down the ladHERE IS Hawaii der, her whole body now shaking Mexico

Panamaviolently with mingled shock and REAL HAIR For South America relief. It was a ninefoot drop to Winter Virgin Islandsthe concrete cellar floor. He could BEAUTY Travel Cuba

have broken his back or fractured "SUNNY"to a BermudaNassau in the his skull. Creamed World Bahamas

He was exhausted from the pain AIR - RAIL - STEAMSHIP Shampoo TOURS - HOTELS waiting. His ankleand had swolWITH 2%$POWDERED egglen enormously, shiverand he was UNIVERSALing with cold, but there did not apif your hair needs

all.pear to be any other injury, after help.. * in TRAVELMezzanine—SERVICEHotel Temple SquareINC.

it needs LD* Phone 5-6215 Carl suggested a stretcher to lift him from the cellar, but he managed his first joke then. "I'm too

/*l nbreakable to look like... moulded HOTEL LANKERSHIMcold to wait for a stretcher, boy. My - f

one leg is all right, my spine is fine. weight, noise free. Eco7th & BROADWAY

height. Standard nomical. give the ladder, a hand upYou me WITH BATH ROOMS dealer. your from Order

Single Double $3.50 From—$5.00Lois I'll can behind. push from SPECIAL OFFER

Dining Supper and Rooms New it."make trial St. 00 for lot of y Mail

IN THE VERY sent postpaid. HEART dozen OF one excruciating, an It was agonizing LOS ANGELES {Concluded on following page) BRASS S00DS% 55 Sudbury St.. Boston 14, Mass.

SEPTEMBER 1951 685 GOOD FOR NOTHING CORNER GOES TO WORK!

The Signpost

(Concluded from preceding page) climb, but he made it. At the top

NOW he fell into a chair, unable to move HOME CANNING IS farther. MORE THAN EVER IMPORTANT

Insist on fhe Four hours later Lois was putting

Qualify Seal the tired boys to bed, telling them

Careful of tired and been had how Daddy Conner* Home the stairof the edge over stumbled

ResilientboB8 in6heavy"wellstairs,whilehow hetheywashadstartinglaboredtheto newget n.liiu Usteel—

the cellar, about the up from him gcoatingTM,d.** go * on SSa enamel resistant *cid him carry helped passerby who

live KringSBuUt-in waiting long the car, then and the reX *to rat run* jar against of the the results for the hospital at 5S*W!ionhigh vacuum j. j Bive to

relief tingling the vast x-rays, of with a and off."good news, and then the final waiting before they could bring a "M0DERNF0LD"DOOR

bruised and bandaged Daddy home BEAUTIFULSAVES SPACE DURABLEECONOMICAL BerNARdin again.

fold that accordion He was in his own bed now, the doorslike an grateful to be home and grateful for easing of his pain. At last the

boys were asleep, and she wearily turned to the bedroom where he lay dozing. She sat beside his bed, For demonstration write or phone

ONE DOZEN and after a time she became aware that he was awake although his 1343 SO. ALDERSMAIN / STANDARD/ Phone 7-1531 closed. eyes remained

was quiet and warm MASON LIDS The room SALT LAKE CITY

At your grocers in other sizes TOO and comforting. His eyes opened,

and he smiled at her. GO PLACES

"I had a lot of time to think while I was lying down there,"he LISTEN and, ALL-O-WHEAT said slowly. "Lois, do you believe in LEARN ANOTHER "

a vengeful God?"CEREAL LANGUAGE

The Best and Most Healthful She caught her breath. "No—no,

Cereal for Your Family to Eat! I don't, Dave. To me, God is love."All-O-Wheat is not He nodded as if she had said LINGUAPHONEWorld's-Standard CONVERSATIONAL METHOD

"That's natural. Opportunity Another very Language—Another something the only from made

life to opportunities, enjoy your add more can You finest Whole 100% I feel, too. You into language. about the Step a whole way speak if you ANOTHER

conwhich Wheat cultural opbusiness, professional of and world new first in the I'll that admit know, leisure enportunities. time your Double travel and all valtains the food

for specialized your chances Increase work joyment. I it it what also conues, remembered but of shock Services. in ratings the better and Armed

its tains values and the learn language to LINGUAYou're too old a not wanting said about me you'd is too the flavor AFdelicious way NATURAL PHONE neverway—or

English. young—itlearned hear I wondered you You men and Sunday, same way to work it is processed. TER

listen tongue. in their native You speak—theand women in punstruck I if being down write. was read and you IT'S CUT STEEL speak—you allunderstand—you easy! It's amazingly With WORLDSTANDARD 111 iiiiiini u 11111111111)11 mum minim <$ awhile, after then ishment. And you METHOD, CONVERSATIONAL LINGUAPHONE

ce-i leisure in time at home. In just 20 your breakfast tell | ALL-O-WHEAT I nothing could when you can master: was studyminutes a day a granular real is milled to 1 | I wondered sat there ITALIAN—SPANISH—GERMAN—FRENCH and broken,

Asiatic. including 29 languages of Steel special on a fineness—any | | break- I'd escaped world in the INSTITUTE how LINGUAPHONE retaining thus York 20, Plaza, York machine, New Rock. Cut | New 6309 | on head leg or smashing my ing my Talking Wishing START STOP—vitamins, of 1 1 a maximum practical easy and made courses were LINGUAPHONE floor. the linguists, by eduendorsed expert than by 150 more proteins, min-| building 1 body

colleges, by used missionaries, cators, clergymen, in I believe don't honey, "No, etc. 1 erals, one than of | services. Choice more schools, armed

jiiiiiliiiiiilllllllllllliiiiiiiiiiilllltlllllllliiiiiiimiliiitiiilllimillllimuillir. punishment like that but, call it million homestudy students. Mail Coupon TODAY

ALL-O-WHEAT IS superstition if you like, I do believe for FREEApprovedBook. for VETERANS'Training

I signthere's a think signs. in - to Taste the DELICIOUS—again, INSTITUTE."* LINGUAPHONE and every out put post now f to the Body NUTRITIOUS Rockefeller 6309 Plaza

it. far to read we're meant As and City York 20, New York New PREPARE EASY TO;i! Book. Send your me FREE SEND FOR this signpost concerned, was as I'm to use VERY ECONOMICAL learn to I want

plain day."as as for language grocers today your Get it at

il reason. FREE to write or his tired again, smiled and Occupation He f

j. Name content. about very face BOOKLET was "How

i Address CO. ALL-O-WHEAT us both taking the boys to Church City Zone..State... | OGDEN, UTAH next Sunday?"——-J

686 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Joseph Fielding Smith FurCollar Rayon Twill

(Concluded from page 627) is far and affectionately known forthe sweetness of her singing. Jackets

These are his children, who are The Best pictured on these pages (see pages Value624, 625, 626, 627): Mrs. Josephine We've 39

S. Reinhardt, Mrs. Julina S. Hart, Ever 9

Mrs. Emily S. Myers, Mrs. Naomi Offered

S. Brewster, Mrs. Lois S. Fife, Rayon Lining Quilted to

Joseph Fielding Smith, Jr., Mrs. Reprocessed Wool

Amelia S. McConkie, Lewis War- 4-Star Feature, Sold

ren Smith (deceased), George Only by Sears

Reynolds Smith, Douglas Allan Smith, and Milton Edmund Smith. Smoothboy 2-wayrayonprotection!twill jacketRepelsgiveswater,your

President Smith has nineteen grandwarmresists wind.too, byAndputtingwe've modein anit extra8oz.

sons and twentyone granddaughquilting.reprocessedMoutonwool interliningdyed lambwith collar,rayon

ters. All of his sons have served andknit slashcuffs pockets.and bottom,Gray, maroon,zipper fronttan,

on missions and all of his married blue. Sizes 10 to 20.

children have been married in the MAIL ORDERS ACCEPTED

Street State South City,temple. Four of his sons served ctjfoat,0% UOIU matt?MO**/ /*c&6taA JlHUJ 754Salt Utah Lake

their country in the armed forces in

World War II, in which one of them, Lewis, lost his life on foreign soil. The faithfulness and devotion of this family, and their honest

and upright citizenship is a tributeto their father and to the mothers QUICK who in faith shared their early teaching and training.

In the Smith home on Douglas Street in Salt Lake City, family and friends alike receive an openhearted welcome. And it is here

that we see Brother Smith as the father and grandfather and husat-banddevotion—asof many thetalentsfatherand whoof much

tends the bedside of the sick, who performs early and late, at all hours, many kindly services, who counsels with his own and others on personal problems, school problems, social problems, spiritual problems.

There are also those who know him as a confiding friend and counselor in his office. There are those

who know him as a storyteller of impressive sincerity. ( And there are Serves 4... ready in

even some who know him as the 4 minutes... at amazing"baby sitter,"which he often has

been for his children and his children's children.) There are those MAKERS

who know the quickness of his humor, the tenderness of his heart, MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS the sympathy of his soul. NOW AT YOUR GROCER!

He loves life, and he has shown by his life that he loves truth, that he loves the Church, and that he DRINK loves his Father's children. And he

is, in turn, not only admired and

A delightful respected, but also loved for his for those hot beverage sterling qualities of character, and who don't drink coffee, SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

for himself. YOUR GROCERS 248 So. Main St., Salt Lake City - Dial 3-1031

SEPTEMBER 1951 687 &WL SvS&SsKjw?

(23) Oldenburg (Oldb) Aaronic Priesthood Members and Mia Maids

Gartenstr. 7 Active in Florida

Dear Editors:

was very much surprised when I found a copy of your

I magazine in my letterbox the other day. It was a very

great pleasure for me to read it, and I did from cover to cover. 1

-a not of Smith A. G. unknown was name The

I of a your copy had in a while Era in my hands.to me, as once /)

The best I liked was the creed of G. A. Smith, and I only 9)

wish that many people would have that creed of his. Only

a thoroughly good heart would have it and live accordingly to it.

Once I lived in the U.S.A. and honestly, it was the best

part of my life.

If it is possible for you to send me a copy every now and then, awards their annual receive Aaronic Priesthood and Mia Maids members

Florida. Jacksonville, OnceI wouldmore manyappreciatethanks.it very much. at Ball held the Rose at the Wesconnett Ward,

Very sincerely, Pictured from left to right are: Elsia Starling, Florida Stake Y. W.

Heinz Lischke M.Mia I.MaidA. president;girls; AgnesNonaDavis,Copeland,Y. W. M.ShirleyI. A. Copeland,teacher; ShirleyCarolyn GriffinCopeland,and

Elda Copeland, Mia Maid girls; Estelle Davis, Y. W. M. I. A. ward presibishopric; Copeland, Frank in the first counselor Copeland, James N. ChipYang-Ni, Korea dent;

F. Theodore Boxx; Bishop William of Priesthood; the Aaronic member Dear Editors: second Davis, 0. Priesthood; Eugene Brannen, and of the Aaronic member

your untiring efforts in making HpHROUGH The Improvein bishopric. counselor the

* ment Era one of the great Church magazines, you are extending "the voice of the Church"to those who are thou- -- sands of miles away.

I want to congratulate you for the work you are doing in printing it to sending Improvement and Era The those THE LIGHT TOUCH it of times so contact is our only far away. At us who are

with the Church.

yours, Sincerely that saying he had small from school home boy came A Cpl. Therian see couldn't because he L. Cook to everything from a neighbor copy

the blackboard.

Sparks, Nevada His mother took him to an eye doctor who made an exDear Editor: tensive examination. Finally turning to the mother, the doctor

T RECEIVED your check in payment for my verses "Mountain said: "Why, this child's eyes are completely normal."Then

* Aspens."I wish to thank you for the check; also the very turning to the boy, he asked: "Just why can't you see the

nice letter of acceptance which you sent deserves a word of blackboard?"

appreciation. "Because the kid that sits in front of me is too tall."

We writers of lyrics like to see our verses published in a magazine such as yours, one that reaches a class of people A speaker had warmed up to the subject of conservation.

who enjoy and love beauty and whose eyes are lifted to the "I don't suppose,"he glowered at his audience, "that any good and clean in life.... of you has ever done a single thing to preserve our timber."

Thanking you again, "I shot a woodpecker once,"came a meek reply from the

Sincerely, back of the building.

James W\ Magee "Johnny, give me a sentence containing the word 'I,'"said

Idaho Falls, Idaho the teacher.

is,""I Editors: began. Dear Johnny

no,"she cut "No, him short, "it is always, 'I am.'"think the Era is tops. I especially enjoy the poetry \X7e

*V section. Every once in a while I find poems of some "All right,"Johnny shrugged his shoulders. "I am the ninth

of the people I have met at writers'conventions, etc. One letter of the alphabet."

such was Bess Foster Smith of Weiser, Idaho. She published my first poem in the Idaho Statesman, several years The government official had advised the farmer to collect

ago. his livestock of every description and have them branded.

Continued success in your project. "I suppose that's going to be all right,"said the farmer,

Sincerely, "but honest, mister, I'm going to have quite a time with

Afton Dale those bees."

Four Golden Gleaners In One Family

Mrs. Leland Harris of Lovell, Wyoming, an honorary Golden Gleaner, and

her three daughters, all Golden Gleaners, attended the annual Golden

Gleaner banquet during June conference. Pictured left, they are

Mrs. William Hoteling of Lovell; Mrs. Harris; Mrs. Merril Asay of Lyman,

Wyoming, and Mrs. Mel Morris of Salt Lake City.

688 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

the only rubberbase paint

you can buy in.. FULCOLOR

color youwantany Nowall the hundreds colors"Indeed, inFullerrubberbaseIS "headquarterspaint. Not forfor

of colors in the famous just a few popular colors, but for all the colors you could ever need to

Fuller Jewel Case. And decorate your home—pastels, middle

tones and smart deep colors! Hunonly FulColor has them all dreds! Only FulColor has them all

FULCOLOR goes on walls and woodwork so PAINTING "KNOWHOW SIMPLY TOLD easy—anyone can use it SimplePaint foldersdirectionstell inwhatFuller'syou needHowto-for

each painting job—what to do and

Everything about FulColor is easy. how to do it. Folders are free!

It goes on plaster, wallpaper, wallboard and woodwork fast and smooth.

Dries to touch in 30 minutes, with no painty odor. Use your room again

in one hour! After painting, there's no

messy cleanup. Just rinse brush or

roller under the faucet—in minutes. GET THIS HELPFUL FOLDER -FREE

FulColor washes without loss of color Putswatchesyourinchosenthis pursesizeJewel CaseColor colorPlan

Small children? Don't worry! Fulfolder.before youSee buyyourpaint.wholeThencolorshopschemewith

Color seals itself against dirt. Finger your folder to check fabric colors beprints wash off in a wink—again and fore you buy. Save time. Save error.

again. Even deep colors wash clean

without looking scrubbed or discolored. Revolutionary? Definitely! There's a Fuller Paint Dealer near you/-

Joseph Fielding Smith

he spires of the majestic Salt Lake Temple and the pen of the historian perhaps symbolize the activities for which President Joseph

Fielding Smith is best known. He has capably filled many important posts,

including his duties as an Apostle, as historian and writer, President of the

Salt Lake Temple, and President of the Council of the Twelve in the

L. D. S. Church.

Among his many other duties, President Smith is also a director of

Beneficial Life, where his wisdom is much welcomed.

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Insurance Company David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah