is Intelligence. NO* 5.Vol. V. The Glory of God

IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Organ of Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations.

PUBLISHED BY THE GENERAL BOARD.

Business F. J. Grant, { Josbpk Smith, |

\ Managers. 1 wi*auor8lf, - HbbbrThos. Hull, Anderson, Edw. H.

MARCH, 10O2.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Portrait of Governcr Vernon H. Vaughn.. Frontispiece

History of the Prophet Joseph Lucy Smith 321

Read Slowly and Think Selected 338

Some Objections to the Book of Mormon

Answered B.H. Roberts 339

Be Strong. A Poem Selected 350

The Castle Builder. VI, VII Nephi Anderson 35

Trying to Cheat Others—Cheating Oneself Edwin Markham 364

And Then? W.J.Sloan 365

A Remedy for Worry Selected 367

Unexpected Testimony to the Strength of

Mormonism Joseph W. MeMurrin 368

My Flower of Love. A Poem Anon for the Era 371

In the Footsteps of the Fathers Frank Y. Taylor 373

Growth of the Church Apostle Rudger Clawson 378

Sowing Wild Oats. A Poem L. L Greene Richards 381

Some Leading Events in the Current Story of the World—Situation pines—Cuba and the Tariff—in theZionismPhilipThe Boers—China Dr. J. M. lanner 383

Editor's Table—The Better Way President Joseph F. Smith 388

Portrait of Governor Vaughn—Announcement

Answers to Questions—Degrees of Glory... John Mcholson 390

Were all the Unsealed Portions of the

Book of Mormon Translated?..'. Apostle M. F. Cowley 393

Notes. 395

In Lighter Mood 396 Events of the Month Thomas Hull 397

SALT LAKE CITY:

214 and 215 TEMPLETON BLDG.

Published Monthly. $2. pet* Atrnatn.

Provide Tor your family. JOHI C. HcCLAIN, Prest. THEO T. BURTON, Sec. W. J. BURTON, Treas

The Largest and BURTQfl COAL

Life Strongest

"no LOfflBER CO. 'nsurance Com

pany in theTHE ALL KINDS World. CF 60flL ALL KINDS OF LUMBER Wholesale and Retail.MUTUAL LUMBER IN CAR LOTS A SPECIALTY.

Office, 60 W. Second South Street.

Yards, Cor. Fifth South and Third West Sts.

Telephone 808.

LIFE THE.

OF NEW YORK. STATE BANK FliTflH

RULON S. WELLS, Manager. Accounts Solieited.

THOS. SLOAN, Cashier. Copvespondenee Invited. W

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS.

5*11 Commercial Block. Joseph F. Smith, President.

SHUT UflE CITY. CharlesWm. B. Preston,S. Burton,VicePresident.Cashier.

Henry T. McEwan, Asst. Cashier.

Heber J. Grant Philo T. Farnsworth

A BIG SUIT SPECIAL A. W. Carlson Heber M. Wells

Byron Groo Isaac Barton A GENUINE SNAP

A BARGAIN. All of our mall

order prices are bargains, but is this extra, a little something at Home in Keep Money the ordinary out of, bought the piece and made up especially for our trade for spring, summer and fall wear. By Insuring THE CLOTH is a double and

twist, gray and mixed brown, in the in halfInch diagonal woven Don't pattern,forming a slight stripe, very pretty and dressy; will

9 25 worth 15 00 not snow dust; is all wool and Carry warranted to wear until you

are more than satisfied. ON LY $9.25. THE STYLE. It comes in round cut sack Your

style single breasted vest, coat lined with a high grade of Farmer's satin; inside pockets

silk stitched; buttonholes silk worked, etc. Own Everything about the suit stamps it as of HOME

high qualityand better than can be had elsewhere for much more money. Risk.

SEND ONE DOLLAR and your express office address and we will send ths suit to you; you have full privilege of examination before you pay another cent. If you are satFIRE isfied and find everything as represented,

pay the express agent $8.25 and express

charges in addition to the $1.00 you sent with

your order, and kt ep the bargain.

SIZES. You will get your size without difficulty. Send breast measure for the coat and vest also size of coat usually worn, and waist - and lnseam for the pants. Remember this UTAH

Suit is only $9.25, worth at least Samples of the cloth may b>- had $15.00. H6ber J. Grant & 60., application an

WEST'S MAIL ORDER HOUSE, GENERAL AGENTS.

Offices 205206 Witiingham Block, 2026 South Main St., Salt Lake City. Utah

(WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISRRB PLEASE! MENTION THE ERA.)

TO HOJWESEEitfflS flJID IfltfESTOHS.

Qp& t&* G0* G&* SOUTHEASTERN IDAHO is a great new field for GENERAL FARMING and for the development of INDUSTRIAL ENTERPRISES.

The Great Snake River Valley can support a million people and SouthEastern

Idaho has sufficient land and a NEVER FAILING WATER SUPPLY to accommodate twice the number now in the entire State, just reported in the census returns at 161,771,

YOU WILL FIND HERE:

The Best Water Supply for Irrigation. Cooperative Canals—Low Charges. The

Best Soil, Producing Great Crops. A Great New Field for Sugar Beets. Cheap Lumber, Fuel and Water Power. Fine Hunting and Fishing. Great Mines. Splendid

Grazing and Feeding Grounds. A favorable Climate. Good Schools. Splendid

Markets and Transportation. Conservative but Enterprising People. You cannot

find such a combination of resources and attractions in any other district in the west.

Ask Us for General Information and for a. List of Lands and City Property

For Sale in the GREAT SNAKE RIVER VALLEY.

CO., THE IDAHO COLONY WHriTLtAfiD, WllalaS & SEliTOfi, General Agents.

1025 17th Street, Denver, Colorado. 15 West Second South Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Agencies in Pocatello,'Blackfoot, Idaho Falls, Rexburgand St. Antony, Idaho.

November 1st, IOOO.

GOOP. FDHNITURE GO.

31 to 35 main Street, SALT LAKE OITY, UTAH

Arc headquarters for Fine Furniture, Carpets, Art Squares

and Rugs. Star Estate Steel

Ranges, Heaters, etc. We are

he sole agents for the only sensible dust shields. BlCVCLiES.

You get from us just] what Everything in Sporting Goods. you buy. We make no subBASE BALLS, CAMERAS, stitutes.

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES, Etc.

CO., WM. N. WILLIAMS, Superintent WESTERN ARMS & SPORTING GOODS

O. H. PETTIT, Treasurer. 115 South Main Street.

(WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE ERA.)

THE RIO GRANDE WESTERN... RfiD...

THE DENVER A]U) RIO GRAflDE

Best Local Train Service in Utah.

From ten to forty minutes the fastest line between Ogden, Salt Lake City, Lehi, American Fork, Provo, Mammoth, Eureka and all points in Sanpete, Sevier and south.

3 FAST TRAINS DAILY to all Eastern points, with through sleeping and dining cars to Denver, Omaha,

Kansas City, St. Louis and Chicago.

MAGNIFICENT SCENERY EN ROUTE. &

For Rates, etc., enquire of Local Agent or

write GEO. W. HEINTZ,

Assistant General Passenger Agent, Salt Lake City.

PROVO CLOTH ALL WOOL SUIT.

SEND ONE DOLLARGET AN ALL WOOL

SUIT subject to examination iand approval. If you

recognize a bargain when The Leading youthis seeat once.it youThesewill Provo'stake to

Music Dealers.. are the easiest to sell of anything we have ever handled.

They are the finest Mail Order goods, because everybody in this whole countryPlflflOS * ORGAflS exactly knows what they are and what can be expected of PRICES them in the way of wear. |fs Provo Cloth

Suit Only S9.25.

FIT STYLE, AND WORKMANSHIP. of piece elegant goods is a solid gray THE—This in color, made up in round cut, sack style,

high art tailoring; good linings, good cutItOttlEST. ting; good sewing and stitching everywhere;

in fact, the kind of cloth and the kind of tailoring you have been paying in the neighborhood of $15 for in the regular retail way.

Don't miss this opportunity to get a Provo

Suit for $9.25.

dollar, one ORDER.—Send TO HOW business, be so assured you mean we snail

and we will send the suit to your nearest exsee if it is as examine and may we repit. satisfies mmmm0 EASIEST. youpressresentoffice. Before vou pay any more money If it moreitthan you and you

know you have a bargain, pay the express agent the balance due and the express it. charges and keepEVERYTHING KNOWN IN KIC. size Send of coat usually worn; SIZE.—

lor breast the measure coat and vest and CATALOGUES FREE. for inseam waist the and pants. We send

P. 0. BOX 1090. free samples of the cloth on application,

74 Main St. J. J. DAYNES, JR. WEST'S MAIL ORDER HOUSE,

2JS2J5 Mitthgiin 3hck, Salt LakaCIty.

(VHP WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PI.EASE MENTION THEERA.)

RflYjVlOJiD, CANADA.

I (Southern Albefta.)

Cheap Irrigated Farms ioo.ooo acres for sale surrounding trie town of Raymond; near the

Raymond Sugar Works which will be built and completed by September i, 1903, by Jesse

Knight & Sons. $5.00 per ton will be paid for sugar beets.

Taxes No taxes on cattle, horses or sheep, and only \% cents per acre on land.

Grain Average yield of wheat in 1891,40 bushels to the acre. First year

grain crop will pay for the land.

Price of Land Irrigated farms $10.00 per acre.

Sugar Beets Will pay from $50.00 to $125.00 per acre.

Terms of Payment No installments payable the first two years. Eight equal annual installments thereafter with 6 pet cent interest per annum.

Water Rates Water will be supplied in such quantities as a settler may require, at the rate of $1.00 per acre per annum.

Raymond Town lots containing one acre, $25.00 each.

Temperance Town Liquor is forever prohibited by contract in all deeds.

Attractions Rich soil, plenty of pure water, a mild climate with but little snowfall, good markets, good railroad facilities, cheap fuel, cheap building material, and postoffice, store, school and; church in Raymond.

Satisfactory markets for all kinds of produce are found in the neighboring mining districts in British Columbia, in which very active development is taking place. All the irrigated lands are within five

miles of a railroad.

Ranch Lands In the famous "Milk River Ridge,"the greatest cattle range in

America. 300,000 acres for sale in blocks of 20,000 acres and upwards, on ten yearly payment plan.

Apply For Further information regarding Free Duty, Passenger and Freight

Rates, etc., to TAYLOR BROTHERS. Agts.

Send for Pamphlet 104= South Main Street,

All information free. Salt Lake City, Utah.

(when writing to advertisers please mention the era.)

W2iersM. L A.

Arc Doubly Equipped, Having J* & Business Education A With it they can earn enough in six days so that they need not work on

SUNDAY.

Ten students from the SALT LAKE

BUSINESS COLLEGE get employment where one from all its competitors combined is so fortunate. The

school occupies the entire top floor of the bank building shown in the cut

SEND below.FOR CATALOG; IX IS FREE.

SALT LAKE BUSINESS COLLEGE,

- TEMPLETON, (k'bSldSS.) 5ALT LAKE CITY

JOSEPH NELSON, President, WILLIAM JOHNSTON, Secretary

SAVE YOUR MONEY, AND WHEN YOD GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST COilPANY.

, 4 Per Cent Interest Paid on $i. to $5,000.

OFFICERS.

Joseph F. Smith,

President Anthon H. Lund

VicePresident.

George M. Cannon,

Cashier.

Lewis M.Cannon, 'SffiQlRBH aHall Asst. Cashier.

ii|iii|i DIRECTORS.

H. Lund l||S% iPPlP hiiiii JosephAnthonF. Smith

George M, Cannon \ \; li )| 111 &f T. G WebberHnnBHi;i |.| H James Jack

John T. Caine

Angus M. Cannon

Francis M. Lyman

George Reynolds L. John Nuttall

Angus J. Cannon

A. O. Woodruff

Hyrum M. Smith

(WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PtEi.SB MENTION THE ERA.)

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2011 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

http://www.archive.org/details/improvementera0505unse

GOVERNOR VERNON H. VAUGHN

1870 - 1871

Vol. V. MARCH, 1902. No. 5.

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH.

BY HIS MOTHER, LUCY SMITH.

CHAPTER XX.

alvin's sickness and death.

On the 15th of November, 1824, about 10 o'clock in the morning, Alvin was taken very sick with the bilious colic. He

came to the house in much distress, and requested his father to go immediately for a physician. He accordingly went, obtaining one

by the name of Greenwood, who, on arriving, immediately administered to the patient a heavy dose of calomels I will here notice, that this Dr. Greenwood was not the physician commonly employed

by the family; he was brought in consequence of the family

physician's absence. And on this account, as I suppose, Alvin at

first refused to take the medicine, but by much persuasion, he was prevailed on to do so.

This dose of calomel lodged in his stomach, and all the medi cine afterwards freely administered by four very skillful physicians could not remove it.

On the third day of his sickness, Dr. M'Intyre, whose services

322 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

were usually employed by the family, as he was considered very skillful, was brought, and with him four other eminent physicians.

But it was all in vain, their exertions proved unavailing, just as told them the calomel wasAlvin had said would be the case—he

still lodged in the same place, after some exertion had been made to carry it off, and that it must take his life.

On coming to this conclusion, he called Hyrum to him, and said, "Hyrum, I must die. Now I want to say a few things, which

I wish to have you remember. I have done all I could to make our

dear parents comfortable. I want you to go on and finish the

house and take care of them in their old age, and do not any more let them work hard, as they are now in old age."

He then called Sophronia to him, and said to her, "Sophronia, you must be a good girl, and do all you can for father and mother forsake them; they have worked hard, and they are now—never

getting old. Be kind to them, and remember what they have done

for us."In the latter part of the fourth night, he called for all the children, and exhorted them separately in the same strain as above.

But when he came to Joseph, he said, "I am now going to die, the distress which I suffer, and the feelings that I have, tell me my time is very short. I want you to be a good boy, and do everything that lies in your power to obtain the Record. Be faithful

in receiving instruction, and in keeping every commandment that is given you. Your brother Alvin must leave you; but remember

the example which he has set for you; and set the same example

for the children that are younger than yourself, and always be kind to father and mother."

He then asked me to take my little daughter Lucy up, and bring her to him, for he wished to see her. He was always very

fond of her, and was in the habit of taking her up and caressing her, which naturally formed a very strong attachment on her part for him. I went to her, and said; "Lucy, Alvin wants to see you."

At this, she started from her sleep, and screamed out, "Amby,

Amby;"(she could not yet talk plain, being very young). We took

her to him, and when she got within reach of him, she sprang from my arms and caught him around the neck, and cried out, "Oh!.

Amby,"and kissed him again and again.

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 323

"Lucy,"said he, "you must be the best girl in the world, and take care of mother; you can't have your Amby any more. Amby

is going away; he must leave little Lucy."He then kissed her,

and said, "take her away, I think my breath offends her."We

took hold of her to take her away; but she clinched him with such

a strong grasp, that it was with difficulty we succeeded in disengaging her hands.

As I turned with the child to leave him, he said, "Father, mother, brothers, and sisters, farewell! I can now breathe out my

life as calmly as a clock."Saying this, he immediately closed his

eyes in death.

The child still cried to go back to Alvin. One present observed to the child, "Alvin is gone; an angel has taken his spirit to

heaven."Hearing this, the child renewed her cries, and, as I bent

over his corpse with her in my arms, she again threw her arms around him, and kissed him repeatedly. And until the body was

taken from the house she continued to cry, and to manifest such mingled feelings of both terror and affection at the scene before her, as are seldom witnessed.

Alvin was a youth of singular goodness of disposition—kind

and amiable, so that lamentation and mourning filled the whole neighborhood in which he resided.

By the request of the principal physician, Alvin was cut open, in order to discover, if it were possible, the cause of his death.

On doing so, they found the calomel lodged in the upper bowels, untouched by anything which he had taken to remove it, and as near as possible in its natural state, surrounded as it was with gangrene.

A vast concourse of people attended his obsequies, who seemed very anxious to show their sympathy for us in our bereavement.

Alvin manifested, if such could be the case, greater zeal and anxiety in regard to the Record that had been shown to Joseph, than any of the rest of the family; in consequence of which we could

not bear to hear anything said upon the subject. Whenever

Joseph spoke of the Record, it would immediately bring Alvin to our minds, with all his zeal, and with all his kindness; and, when

we looked to his place, and realized that he was gone from it, to 324 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

return no more in this life, we all with one accord wept over our irretrievable loss, and we could "not be comforted, because he was not."CHAPTER XXI.

MR.RELIGIOUS EXCITEMENT—JOSEPH'S PROPHECY—HE WORKS FOR

HALE. STOAL—BECOMES ACQUAINTED WITH EMMA

Shortly after the death of Alvin, a man commenced laboring in the neighborhood, to effect a union of the different churches, in order that all might be agreed, and thus worship God with one heart and with one mind.

This seemed about right to me, and I felt much inclined to join in with them; in fact, the most of the family appeared quite

disposed to unite with their numbers; but Joseph, from the first,

utterly refused even to attend their meetings, saying, "Mother, I do not wish to prevent your going to meeting, or any of the rest of the family's; or your joining any church you please; but, do

not ask me to join them. I can take my Bible, and go into the

woods, and learn more in two hours, than you can learn at meeting in two years, if you should go all the time."

To gratify me, my husband attended some two or three meetings, but peremptorily refused going any more, either for my gratification, or any other person's.

During this excitement, Joseph would say, it would do us no injury to join them, that if we did, we should not continue with them long, for we were mistaken in them, and did not know the wickedness of their hearts. One day he said, that he would give

us an example, and that we might set it down as a prophecy; viz:

"You look at Deacon Jessup,"said he, "and you hear him talk very piously. Well, you think he is a very good man. Now suppose that one

of his poor neighbors should owe him the value of a cow, and that this poor man had eight little children; moreover, that he should be taken

sick and die, leaving his wife with one cow, but destitute of every other

I tell you, that Deacon means of supporting herself and family—now

Jessup, religious as he is, would not scruple to take the last cow from the poor widow and orphans, in order to secure the debt, notwithstanding he himself has an abundance of everything."

At that time, this seemed impossible to us, yet one year had

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 325

scarcely expired when we saw Joseph's prophecy literally fulfilled.

The shock occasioned by Alvin's death, in a short time passed off, and we resumed our usual avocations with considerable interest.

The first move towards business, was to complete the house before mentioned. This we did as speedily as possible, and, when it was

finished, Mr. Stoddard, the principal workman, offered for it the

sum of fifteen hundred dollars; but my husband refused his offer

as he was unwilling to leave the scene of our labor where we had fondly anticipated spending the remainder of our days.

A short time before the house was completed, a man, by the name of Josiah Stoal, came from Chenango county, New York, with the view of getting Joseph to assist him in digging for a silver mine.* He came for Joseph on account of having heard

that he possessed certain means, by which he could discern things invisible to the natural eye.

Joseph endeavored to divert him from his vain pursuit, but he was inflexible in his purpose, and offered high wages to those who would dig for him, in search of said mine, and still insisted upon having Joseph to work for him. Accordingly, Joseph and several

others, returned with him and commenced digging. After laboring for the old gentleman about a month, without success, Joseph

prevailed upon him to cease his operations; and it was from this

circumstance of having worked by the month, at digging for a silver mine, that the very prevalent story arose of Joseph's having been a money digger.

While Joseph was in the employ of Mr. Stoal, he boarded a

short time with one Isaac Hale, and it was during this interval, that Joseph became acquainted with his daughter, Miss Emma

Hale, to whom he immediately commenced paying his addresses, and was subsequently married.

When Mr. Stoal relinquished his project of digging for silver,

Joseph returned to his father's house.

old * This project of Stoal's was undertaken from this cause—an

document had fallen into his possession, in some way or other, containing information of silver mines being somewhere in the neighborhood in which he resided.

326 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Soon after his return, we received intelligence of the arrival of a new agent for the Everson land, of which our farm was a portion. This reminded us of the last payment, which was still

due, and which must be made before we could obtain a deed of the place.

Shortly after this, a couple of gentlemen, one of whom was the beforenamed Stoal, the other a Mr. Knight, came into the

neighborhood for the purpose of procuring a quantity of either wheat or flour; and we, having sown considerable wheat, made a

contract with them, in which we agreed to deliver a certain quantity of flour to them the ensuing fall, for which we were to receive a sufficient amount of money to make the final payment on our farm. This being done, my husband sent Hyrum to Canandaigua

to inform the new agent of the fact, namely, that the money should be forthcoming as soon as the twentyfifth of December, 1825. This, the agent said, would answer the purpose, and he

agreed to retain the land until that time. Having thus, as we

supposed, made all secure pertaining to the land, we gave ourselves no further uneasiness in regard to the matter.

When the time had nearly arrived for the last payment to be made, and when my husband was about starting for Mr. Stoal's

and Mr. Knight's, in order to get the money to make the same,

Joseph called my husband and myself aside, and said, "I have been very lonely ever since Alvin died, and I have concluded to get married; and if you have no objections to my uniting myself

in marriage with Miss Emma Hale, she would be my choice in preference to any other woman I have ever seen."We were

pleased with his choice, and not only consented to his marrying her, but requested him to bring her home with him, and live with us. Accordingly, he set out with his father for Pennsylvania.

CHAPTER XXII.

JUN., IS MARJOSEPH SMITH, SEN., LOSES HIS FARM—JOSEPH,

RIED—HAS ANOTHER INTERVIEW WITH THE ANGEL, BY WHOM

HE IS CHASTISED—RECEIVES FURTHER INSTRUCTIONS.

A few days subsequent to my husband's departure, I set myHISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 327

self to work to put my house in order for the reception of my son's bride; and I felt all that pride and ambition in doing so, that

is common to mothers upon such occasions.

My oldest son had, previous to this, formed a matrimonial relation with one of the most excellent of women, with whom I had seen much enjoyment, and I hoped for as much happiness with my second daughterin-law, as I had received from the society of the first, and there was no reason why I should expect anything to the contrary.

One afternoon, after having completed my arrangements, I fell into a very agreeable train of reflections. The day was exceedingly fine, and of itself calculated to produce fine feelings;

besides this, every other circumstance seemed to be in unison, and to contribute to raise in the heart those soothing and grateful emotions which we all have seasons of enjoying when the mind is at rest. Thus, as I stood musing, among other things, upon the

prospect of a quiet and comfortable old age, my attention was suddenly arrested by a trio of strangers who were just entering.

Upon their near approach I found one of these gentlemen to be

Mr. Stoddard, the principal carpenter in building the house in

which we then lived.

When they entered the house, I seated them, and commenced commonplace conversation. But shortly one of them began to

ask questions which I considered rather impertinent—questions

concerning our making the last payment on the place; and if we

did not wish to sell the house; furthermore, where Mr. Smith and

my son had gone, etc., etc.

"Sell the house!"I replied, "No, sir, we have no occasion

for that, we have made every necessary arrangement to get the deed, and also have an understanding with the agent. So you see

we are quite secure, in regard to this matter."

To this they made no answer, but went out to meet Hyrum, who was approaching the house. They asked him the same questions, and he answered them the same as I had done. When they

had experimented in this way, to their satisfaction, they proceeded to inform my son, that he need put himself to no further trouble with regard to the farm; "for,"said they, "we have bought the

place, and paid for it, and we now forbid your touching anything 328 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

on the farm; and we also warn you to leave forthwith, and give

possession to the lawful owners."

This conversation passed within my hearing. When they reentered the house, I said, "Hyrum, is it a reality? or only a sham to

startle us?"But one collected look at the men convinced me of

overcome, and fell back intotheir fiendish determination—I was

my chair almost deprived of sensibility.

When I recovered, we (Hyrum and myself) talked to them some time, endeavoring to persuade them to change their wicked course; but the only answer we could get from them was, "Well,

you, help yourselves if you can."we've got the place, and d—n

Hyrum, in a short time, went to an old friend, Dr. Robinson,

and related to him the grievous story. Whereupon, the old gentleman sat down, and wrote at some considerable length the character

industry, and faithful exertions to secure aof the family—our

home, with many commendations calculated to beget confidence in us with respect to business transactions. And, keeping this writing in his own hands, he went through the village, and in an hour

procured sixty subscribers. He then sent the same, by the hand of

Hyrum, to the land agent, who lived in Canandaigua.

On receiving this, the agent was highly enraged. He said the

men had told him that Mr. Smith and his son Joseph had run

away, and that Hyrum was cutting down the sugar orchard, hauling off the rails, burning them, and doing all manner of mischief to the farm. That, believing this statement, he was induced to sell

the place, for which he had given a deed, and received the money.

Hyrum told him the circumstances under which his father and brother had left home; also the probability of their being detained

on the road, to attend to some business. Upon this, the agent

directed him to address a number of letters to my husband, and have them sent and deposited in publichouses on the road which he traveled, that, perchance some of them might meet his eye, and thus cause him to return more speedily than he would otherwise. He then despatched a messenger to those individuals to

whom he had given a deed of the farm in question, with the view of making a compromise with them; but they refused to do anything respecting the matter. The agent sent a message to them,

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 329

stating that if they did not make their appearance forthwith, he would fetch them with a warrant. To this they gave heed, and

they came without delay.

The agent strove to convince them of the disgraceful and impolitic course which they were pursuing, and endeavored to persuade them to retract, and let the land go back into Mr. Smith's

hands again.

For some time they said but little, except in a sneering and taunting way, about as follows:—"We've got the land, sir, and

we've got the deed, so just let Smith help himself. Oh, no matter

about Smith, he has gold plates, gold Bibles, he is rich—he don't

want anything."But finally, they agreed, if Hyrum could raise

them one thousand dollars, by Saturday at ten o'clock in the evening, they would give up the deed.

It was now Thursday about noon, and Hyrum was at Canandaigua, which was nine miles distant from home, and hither he must ride before he could make the first move towards raising the required amount. He came home with a heavy heart. When he

arrived, he found his father, who had returned a short time before him. His father had fortunately found, within fifty miles of home,

one of those letters which Hyrum had written.

The following day, by the request of my husband, I went to see an old Quaker, a gentleman with whom we had been quite intimate since our commencement on the farm, and who had always seemed to admire the neat arrangement of the same. We

hoped that he would be both able and willing to purchase the place, that we might at least have the benefit of the crops that were upon the ground, as he was a friend and would be disposed to show us favor. But we were disappointed, not in his will or

disposition, but in his ability. He had just paid out to the land

agent all the money he could spare, to redeem a piece of land belonging to a friend in his immediate neighborhood. If I had

arrived at his house thirty minutes sooner, I would have found him with fifteen hundred dollars in his pocket.

When I rehearsed to him what had taken place, he was much distressed for us, and very much regretted his inability to relieve our necessity. He said, however, "If I have no money, I will try

to do something for you, and you may say to your husband, that 1 I 330 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

will see him as soon as I can, and let him know what the prospect is."

country was new, and my road lay It was nearly night—the

through a dense forest. The distance that I had to travel was ten

miles, and that alone, yet I hastened to inform my husband of the disappointment that I had met with.

The old gentleman, as soon as I left, started in search of some one that could afford us assistance, and hearing of a Mr. Durfee,

who lived four miles distant, he came the same night, and directed us to go and see what he could devise for our benefit.

Accordingly, my husband started without delay for Mr. Durfee's, and arrived at his house before daylight in the morning. He

sent my husband three miles further, to one of his sons, who was high sheriff, instructing him to say to the young man that his father wished to see him as soon as possible. Mr. Durfee, the

younger, was obedient to the call. Immediately after he arrived

at his father's, the three proceeded together to see the farm, and arrived about ten o'clock a.m. They tarried a short time, then

rode on to see the agent and those villains who held the deed of our place.

The anxiety of mind that I suffered that day can more easily be imagined than described. I now looked upon the proceeds of

our industry, which smiled around us on every hand, with a kind of yearning attachment that I never before had experienced; and our

early losses I did not feel so keenly, for I then realized that we were young, and by making some exertions we might improve our circumstances; besides, I had not felt the inconveniences of poverty

as I had since.

My husband, and the Messrs. Durfee, arrived in Canandaigua

at half past nine o'clock in the evening. The agent sent immediately for Mr. Stoddard and his friends, and they came without

delay; but in order to make difficulty, they contended that it was

after ten o'clock; however., not being able to sustain themselves

upon this ground, they handed over the deed to Mr. Durfee, the

high sheriff, who now became the possessor of the farm.

I stated before, that at the time Mr. Smith started to see

Knight and Stoal, Joseph accompanied him. When he returned,

Joseph also returned with him, and remained with us, until the

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH 331

difficulty about the farm came to an issue; he then took leave for

Pennsylvania, on the same business as before mentioned, and the next January returned with his wife/in good health and fine spirits.

Not long subsequent to his return, my husband had occasion to send him to Manchester, on business. As he set off early in the

day, we expected him home at most by six o'clock in the evening, but when six o'clock came, he did not arrive. We always had

a peculiar anxiety about him whenever he was absent, for it seemed as though something was always taking place to jeopardize his life. But to return. He did not get home till the night

was far spent. On coming in, he threw himself into a chair,

apparently much exhausted. My husband did not observe his

appearance, and immediately exclaimed, "Joseph, why are you so late? has anything happened to you? we have been much distressed about you these three hours."As Joseph made no answer,

he continued his interrogations, until, finally, I said, "Now, father, see he is trouble himlet him rest a moment—don't now—you

home safe, and he is very tired, so pray wait a little."

The fact was, I had learned to be a little cautious about matters with regard to Joseph, for I was accustomed to see him look as he did on that occasion, and I could not easily mistake the cause thereof.

Presently he smiled, and said in a calm tone, "I have taken the severest chastisement that I have ever had in my life."

My husband, supposing that it was from some of the neighbors, was quite angry, and observed, "I would like to know what business anybody has to find fault with you!"

"Stop, father, stop,"said Joseph, "it was the angel of the

Lord: as I passed by the hill of Cumorah, where the plates are,

the angel met me, and said that I had not been engaged enough in the work of the Lord; that the time had come for the record to

be brought forth; and that I must be up and doing, and set myself about the things which God had commanded me to do. But,

father, give yourself no uneasiness concerning the reprimand which

I have received, for I now know the course that I am to pursue, so all will be well."

It was also made known to him, at this interview, that he should make another effort to obtain the plates, on the twenty-

332 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

second of the following September, but this he did not mention to us at that time.

CHAPTER XXIII.

JOSEPH OBTAINS THE PLATES.

On the twentieth of September, Mr. Knight and his friend Stoal,

came to see how we were managing matters with Stoddard and Co.

and they tarried with us until the twentysecond. On the night

of the twentyfirst, I sat up very late, as my work rather pressed upon my hands. I did not retire until after twelve o'clock at night.

About twelve o'clock, Joseph came to me, and asked me if I had a chest with a lock and key. I knew in an instant what he wanted

it for, and not having one, I was greatly alarmed, as I thought it might be a matter of considerable moment. But Joseph, discovering my anxiety, said, "Never mind, I can do very well for the presis right."ent without it—be calm—all

Shortly after this, Joseph's wife passed through the room with her bonnet and riding dress; and in a few minutes they left together, taking Mr. Knight's horse and wagon. I spent the night in.

prayer and supplication to God, for the anxiety of my mind would not permit me to sleep. At the usual hour, I commenced preparing breakfast. My heart fluttered at every footstep, as I now expected Joseph and Emma momentarily, and feared lest Joseph

might meet with another disappointment.

When the male portion of the family were seated at the breakfast table, Mr. Smith inquired for Joseph, for he was not

aware that he had left home. I requested my husband not to call

him, for I would like to have him take breakfast with his wife that morning. "No, no,"said my husband; "I must have Joseph sit down here

and eat with me."

"Well, now, Mr. Smith,"continued I, "do let him eat with

his wife this morning; he almost always takes breakfast with

you."His father finally consented, and ate without him, and no furHISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 333

ther inquiries were made concerning his absence, but in a few minutes Mr. Knight came in quite disturbed.

"Why, Mr. Smith,"exclaimed he, "my horse is gone, and I

can't find him on the premises, and I wish to start for home in half an hour.""Never mind the horse,"said I. "Mr. Knight does not know

all the nooks and corners in the pastures; I will call William; he

will bring the horse immediately."

This satisfied him for the time being; but he soon made another discovery. His wagon also was gone. He then concluded

that a rogue had stolen them both.

"Mr. Knight,"said I, "do be quiet; I would be ashamed to

have you go about waiting upon go out and talk yourself—just

with Mr. Smith until William comes; and if you really must go

home, your horse shall be brought, and you shall be waited upon like a gentleman."He accordingly went out, and while he was

absent, Joseph returned.

I trembled so with fear, lest all might be lost in consequence of some failure in keeping the commandments of God, that I was under the necessity of leaving the room in order to conceal my feelings. Joseph saw this, and said, "Do not be uneasy, mother,

I have got a key."all is right—see here,

I knew not what he meant, but took the article of which he spoke into my hands, and examined it. He took it again and left

me, but said nothing respecting the Record.

In a short time he returned, and inquired of me in regard to getting a chest made. I told him to go to a certain cabinetmaker, who had made some furniture for my oldest daughter, and

tell him that we would pay him for making a chest, as we did for the other work which he had done for us, namely, one half in cash and the other in produce.

Joseph remarked that he would do so, but that he did not know where the money would come from, for there was not a shilling in the house.

The following day, one Mr. Warner came to him, and told him

that a widow by the name of Wells, who was living in Macedon, wanted some labor done in a well, for which she would pay the money, and that she was anxious to have him (Joseph) do this labor 334 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

for her. As this afforded us an opportunity to pay the cabinet

maker for the chest, Joseph went immediately to the house of

Mrs. Wells, and commenced work.

The next day after he left home, one of the neighbors asked

Mr. Smith many questions concerning the plates. I will here observe, that no one ever heard anything from us respecting them,

except a confidential friend, whom my husband had spoken to about them some two or three years previous. It appeared that

Satan had now stirred up the hearts of those who had gotten a hint of the matter from our friend, to search into it, and make every possible move towards thwarting the purposes of the Almighty.

My husband soon learned that ten or twelve men were clubbed together, with one Willard Chase, a Methodist classleader, at their head; and what was still more ridiculous, they had sent sixty or

seventy miles for a certain conjuror, to come and divine the place where the plates were secreted.

We supposed that Joseph had taken the plates, and hid them somewhere, and we were apprehensive that our enemies might discover their place of deposit. Accordingly, the next morning, after

hearing of their plans, my husband concluded to go among the neighbors to see what he could learn with regard to the plans of the adverse party. The first house he came to he found the conjuror and Willard Chase, together with the rest of the clan. Making an errand, he went in and sat down near the door, leaving it a

little ajar, in order to overhear their conversation. They stood in

the yard near the door, and were devising plans to find "Joe

Smith's gold Bible,"as they expressed themselves. The conjuror

seemed much animated, although he had traveled sixty miles the day and night previous.

Presently, the woman of the house, becoming uneasy at the exposures they were making, stepped through a back door into the yard, and called to her husband, in a suppressed tone, but loud enough to be heard distinctly by Mr. Smith, "Sam, Sam, you

are cutting your own throat."At this the conjuror bawled out at

will havethe top of his voice, "I am not afraid of anybody—we

them plates in spite of Joe Smith or all the devils in hell."

When the woman came in again, Mr. Smith laid aside the

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 335

newspaper he had been holding in his hand and remarked, "I believe I have not time to finish reading the paper now."He then

left the house, and returned home.

Mr. Smith, on returning home, asked Emma if she knew

whether Joseph had taken the plates from their place of deposit, or if she was able to tell where they were. She said she could

not tell where they were, or whether they were removed from their place. My husband then related what he had both seen and

heard. ZL 3a

Upon this, Emma said that she did not know what to do, but she supposed if Joseph was to get the Record, he would get it, and that they would not be able to prevent him.

"Yes,"replied Mr. Smith, "he will, if he is watchful and

obedient; but remember, that for a small thing, Esau lost his

birthright and his blessing. It may be so with Joseph."

"Well,"said Emma, "if I had a horse, I would go and see him."Mr. Smith then said, "You shall have one in fifteen minutes,

for although my team is gone, there is a stray on the place, and I will send William to bring him immediately."

In a few minutes William brought up the horse with a large hickory withe around his neck (for it was according to law, to put a withe around the neck of a stray before turning it into an enclosure), and Emma was soon under way for Macedon.

Joseph kept the Urim and Thummim constantly about his person, by the use of which he could in a moment tell whether the plates were in any danger. Just before Emma rode up to Mrs.

Wells, Joseph, from an impression that he had had, came up out of the well in which he was laboring, and met her not far from the house. Emma immediately informed him of what had transpired,

whereupon he looked in the Urim and Thummim, and saw that the

Record was as yet safe; nevertheless, he concluded to return with

his wife, as something might take place that would render it necessary for him to be at home where he could take care of it.

He then told Mrs. Wells that business at home rendered it

necessary for him to return. To this she did not agree at first,

but finally consented. She then sent a boy for a horse, which Joseph

mounted in his linen frock, and with his wife by his side on her 336 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

horse decorated as before with a hickory withe around his neck, he rode through the village of Palmyra, which was on the way home.

On arriving at home, he found his father pacing the ground near his door in great anxiety of mind. Joseph spoke to him, sayis perfectly is noing, "Father, there is no danger—all safe—there

cause of alarm."

When he had taken a little refreshment, he sent Carlos, my youngest son, to his 'brother Hyrum's, to have him come up immediately, as he desired to see him. When he came, Joseph requested

him to get a chest, having a good lock and key, and to have it there by the time he (Joseph) should return. And after giving

these instructions, Joseph started for the plates.

The plates were secreted about three miles from home, in the following manner: Finding an old birch log much decayed, excepting the bark, which was in a measure sound, he took his

pocket knife and cut the bark with some care, then turned it back, and made a hole of sufficient size to receive the plates, and laying them in the cavity thus formed, he replaced the bark; after

which he laid across the log, in several places, some old stuff that happened to lay near, in order to conceal, as much as possible, the place in which they were deposited.

Joseph, on coming to them, took them from their secret place, and, wrapping them in his linen frock, placed them under his arm and started for home.

After proceeding a short distance, he thought it would be more safe to leave the road and go through the woods. Traveling some distance after he left the road, he came to a large

windfall, and as he was jumping over a log, a man sprang up from behind it and gave him a heavy blow with a gun. Joseph turned

around and knocked him down, then ran at the top of his speed. About half a mile further he was attacked again in the

same manner as before; he knocked this man down in like manner

as the former, and ran on again; and before he reached home he

was assaulted the third time. In striking the last one, he dislocated his thumb, which, however, he did not notice until he came

within sight of the house, when he threw himself down in the corner of the fence in order to recover his breath. As soon as he

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 337

was able, he arose and came to the house. He was still altogether

speechless from fright and the fatigue of running.

After resting a few moments, he desired me to send Carlos for my husband, Mr. Knight, and his friend Stoal, and have them

go immediately and see if they could find the men who had been pursuing him. And after Carlos had done this, he wished to have

him sent to Hyrum's, to tell him to bring the chest.

I did as I was requested, and when Carlos arrived at Hyrum's, he found him at tea, with two of his wife's sisters. Just as Hyrum

was raising a cup to his mouth, Carlos touched his shoulder. Without waiting to hear one word from the child, he dropped the cup,

sprang from the table, caught the chest, turned it upside down, and emptying its contents on the floor, left the house instantly with the chest on his shoulder.

The young ladies were greatly astonished at his singular bethen confined to herhavior, and declared to his wife—who was

bed, her eldest daughter, Lovian, being but four days old—that he

was certainly crazy.

His wife laughed heartily, aDd replied, "Oh, not in the least:

he has just thought of something which he has neglected; and it

is just like him to fly off in a tangent when he thinks of anything in that way."

When the chest came, Joseph locked up the Record, then threw himself upon the bed, and after resting a little, so that he could converse freely, he arose and went into the kitchen, where he related his recent adventure to his father, Mr. Knight, and Mr.

Stoal, besides many others, who had by this time collected, with the view of hearing something in regard to the strange circumstance which had taken place. He showed them his thumb, saying, "I must stop talking, father, and get you to put my thumb in

place, for it is very painful."

I will here mention that my. husband, Mr. Knight, and Mr.

Stoal went in pursuit of those villians who had attempted Joseph's life, but were not able to find them.

When Joseph first got the plates, the angel of the Lord stood by and said

Now you have got the Record into your own hands, and you are bnt 338 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

a man, therefore you will have to be watchful and faithful to your trust, or you will be overpowered by wicked men; for they will lay every plan

and scheme that is possible to get it away from you, and if you do not take heed continually, they will succeed. While it was in my hands, I

could keep it, and no man had power to take it away! but now I give it

up to you. Beware, and look well to your ways, and you shall have

power to retain it, until the time for it to be translated.

, That of which I spoke, which Joseph termed a key, was, indeed, nothing more nor less than the Urim and Thummim, and it was by this that the angel showed him many things which he saw in vision; by which also he could ascertain, at any time, the approach of danger, either to himself or the Record, and on account

of which he always kept the Urim and Thummim about his person.

(To be continued-)

READ SLOWLY, AND THINK.

Does my life please God?

Am I studying my Bible daily?

Is there anyone I cannot forgive?

Have I ever won a soul to Christ?

Am I trying to bring my friends to Christ?

Have I ever had a direct answer to prayer?

Is there anything I cannot give up for Christ?

Just where am I making my greatest mistake?

How does my life look to those who are not Christians?

How many things do I put before my religious duties?

Have I ever tried giving onetenth of my income to the Lord?

Is the world being made better or worse by my living in it?

Am I doing anything I would condemn in others?

—Presbyterian Endeavorer.

SOME OBJECTIONS TO THE BOOK OF

MORMON ANSWERED.

BY H. B. ROBERTS.

Elder J. A. Glazier, writing from Auckland, New Zealand,

under date of December 20, 1901, says:

A gentleman of this city has been studying the Book of Mormon, and has brought up some passages which evidently do not agree with the known facts. Any light on these passages which will enable me to

make them harmonize with the Bible will be appreciated.

First, Alma 7: 10, says, Jesus would be born at Jerusalem.

Second, in Helaman 14: 2027, and in INephi 19: 10, we read about

three days of darkness which should cover "all the earth"and the isles of the sea at the crucifixion of the Savior. Neither the Bible nor history

speaks of three days of darkness on the eastern hemisphere. Hence, it

did not cover "all the earth,"as we understand it.

Third, Outlines of Ecclesiastical History, by Elder B. H. Roberts,

states on page 17, in the notes, that Jesus must have been born April 6.

We learn from the Book of Mormon, III Nephi 2: 8, that the Nephites

reckoned time from the appearance of the sign of the birth of Jesus; and

in III Nephi 8: 5, we find he was crucified thirtythree years and four

days after his birth, which would make the date of his crucifixion April 10, instead of April 6, as stated.

The gentleman referred to above is working on one of the daily papers here, and has it within his power to do us harm by publishing these statements from our books, which I do not feel competent to answer in a plain and satisfactory manner. Therefore, I trust it will not

inconvenience you to favor me with a reply in the columns of the Era or by letter.

The letter from which the foregoing excerpts are taken was 340 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

handed to me to answer through the Era, and to that request I cheerfully respond.

I.

In the first place, let me remark in passing, that the gentleman in Auckland who, in studying the Book of Mormon, has come upon these supposed contradictions, has made no new discovery in the way of objections to the Book of Mormon. They are so

old and have so often been repeated by objectors to the Book of

Mormon, that they have about them a familiarity not unlike the refrain of some old song. These objections have been made

almost from the time the Book of Mormon was first published to the world. Take the first item, for instance, about Jesus being

born "at Jerusalem."Alexander Campbell, the founder of the

sect of the "Disciples,"or "Christians,"more commonly called "Campbellites,"as early as February 10, 1831, before the Book of Mormon had been in print quite one year, made this same objection, only he charged that the Book of Mormon said that

Jesus was born "in Jerusalem."And as it is well known that

Jesus was born at Bethlehem, a village some four miles south of

Jerusalem, there is supposed to be a contradiction between the

Book of Mormon and the known facts. As as a matter of fact,

however, the Book of Mormon neither says that Jesus was born

I"in Jerusalem"nor "at Jerusalem."What it does say is—and

quote the passage cited in the communication here under consideration, viz., Alma 7: 10—"Behold he shall be born of Mary, at Jerusalem, which is the land of our forefathers."Not the city of our

fathers, mark you, but the "land of our forefathers."There can

be no question in the world but what the Nephite historian is stating the "land"of Messiah's birth, not the city of his nativity;

it must be by every fairmindedand that being conceded—as

contradiction between the Book of Mormoncritic—the supposed

statement and the known facts in the case disappear at once.

This explanation of the supposed difficulty is further strengthened when it is remembered that it was a custom of the Nephites to name large districts of districts as country—such

might correspond to provinces and principalities in other nationthe chief city of the land:alities—after

OBJECTIONS TO BOOK OF MORMON ANSWERED. 341

And now it was the custom of the people of Nephi to call their lands, and their cities, and their villages, yea, even all their small villages, by the name of him who first possessed them; and thus it was with

7.the land of Ammoniah.—Alma 8:

And hence, too, came the practice of calling large districts of country after the chief city therein; and in this same book of

the city named the Book of Mormon—we haveAlma—as throughout

after the man who founded it, and the district of country named from the chief city, thus: "The land of Zarahemla;""the land of

Melek;""the land of Ammonihah;""the land of Gideon;""the

land of LehiNephi, or the city of LehiNephi;"and so on ad infinitum. It became a habit of speech with them, especially with reference to Jerusalem, from whence their forefathers came, as

witness the following few out of many such quotations that could be given:

I shall give this people a name that they may be distinguished above all the people which the Lord God hath brought out of the land of

Jerusalem.—Mosiah 1: 11.

That same God has brought our fathers out of the land of Jerusalem.—Mosiah 7: 20.

Why not show himself in this land as well as in the land of Jerusalem.—Helaman 16: 19.

Hence when it is said that Jesus should be born "at Jerusalem, which is the land of our forefathers,"the Nephite writer merely conformed to a habit of speech, and meant the land of

Jerusalem, not the city.

II.

What is said on the objection just considered, will show the importance of carefully examining the language of the Book of Mormon objected to in any case; for it is seldom treated fairly by those

who make the exceptions to it. This holds with equal force to the

second objection here to be considered. The objection as stated

by our correspondent, in brief, and pointedly, is—The Book of Mormon says that at the crucifixion of Messiah there will be three days

of darkness that will cover all the face of the earth and the isles of the sea. History and the Bible are silent about such an event;

342 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

therefore, the Book of Mormon makes a false statement and must itself be untrue, and, consequently, uninspired, and is not at all what it claims to be—viz., a record of the ancient inhabitants of America, and brought forth by the power of God for the enlightenment

and instruction of the world.

This objection, as put by our correspondent, differs a little from the ordinary manner in which it is stated by objectors. They

usually try to make it appear that the Book of Mormon's statement that there were three days darkness at the crucifixion, is in conflict with the New Testament statement that there were three hours darkness only, at that time; but the fact that the

New Testament statement refers to an event that took place while

Jesus hung upon the cross in Judea, and the Book of Mormon's statement refers to an event that took place after his crucifixion, and in the western hemisphere, it must be apparent that there is no conflict of statments in this regard between the two records.

But now to meet the objection as presented by the gentleman of New Zealand. All that is necessary is to present just exactly

what the Book of Mormon does say with reference to the three days of darkness:

The God of our fathers * * * yieldeth himself, according to the words of the angel, as a man into the hands of wicked men to be lifted up according to the words of Zenock, and to be crucified according to the words of Neum, and to be buried in a sepulchre, according to the words of Zenos, which he spake, concerning the three days of darkness which should be a sign given of his death, unto those who should inhabit the isles of the sea; more especially given unto those who are of the House of

Israel—I Nephi 19: 10.

This is one of the passages quoted respecting the three days of darkness; but, mark you, there is nothing here about

the three days of darkness extending over the whole face of the earth. It speaks of it as extending to the isles of

the sea; to those more especially inhabited by the house of

Israel; clearly intimating that it would not extend to all the

isles of the sea. In passing, and merely by the way, it may

be interesting to call attention to the fact that here are three

OBJECTIONS TO BOOK OF MORMON ANSWERED. 343

Hebrew prophets referred to by Nephi—Zenock, Neum and Zenos

of whom had recorded an important prophecy respecting—each

the coming and mission of Christ; and had not the Jews eliminated the books of these prophets from their collection of Scripture, it could not then have been said, as it is now said, that the

Bible is silent respecting these three days of darkness, which were to be a sign of Messiah's death; for then they would have had the

words of Zenos that there was to be such a sign given in the isles of the sea, inhabited by the house of Israel.

Behold, as I said unto you concerning another sign, a sign of his death, behold in that day that he shall suffer death, the sun shall be darkened and refuse to give his light unto you, and also the moon, and the stars; and there shall be no light upon the face of this land, even

from the time that he shall suffer death, for the space of three days, to the time that he shall rise again from the dead. * * * And behold

thus hath the angel * * * said unto me, that these things should be, that darkness should cover the face of the whole earth for the space of three days. And the angel said unto me, that many shall see greater

things than these, to the intent that they might believe that these signs and these wonders should come to pass upon all the face of this land.—Helaman 14: 2028.

This is the other passage quoted in the communication under consideration; and in it is found the phrase, "that darkness should

cover the face of the whole earth for the space of three days."But

it should be remembered that this is preceded by a statement concerning the three days darkness that limits this otherwise general statement, namely, "and there shall be no light upon the face of this land"—meaning America—"for the space of three days."This

clearly limits the particular sign under consideration to America and the adjacent islands of the sea, in other words, to the western hemisphere. Moreover, the phrase, "that darkness should

cover theface of the whole earth,"is followed as well as preceded by the limiting clause "these signs and these wonders"—namely, the

three hours of tempest and of earthquake followed bv the three days of darkness "should come to pass upon all the face of this land"of course, America.—meaning,

Then again, when the prophecy is left and you turn to the 344 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

history of its fulfillment, the whole of the thrilling narrative is clearly confined to the statement of events that occurred in the lands occupied by the Nephites—that is, to the western hemisphere. Yet in that narrative is found the same form of expression as in the prophecy of Samuel, the Lamanite. While describing events that are clearly confined to Nephite lands, Mormon

says: "And thus theface of the whole earth became deformed because

of the tempests and the thunderings and the lightnings. * * *

And behold the rocks were rent in twain; they were broken up

upon all the jace of the whole earth."—(IIINephi 8: 17, 18.) Now,

did the prophet really mean that the convulsions he was describing extended to Europe and Asia and Africa because he said the rocks were "broken up upon the face of the whole earth"? No; you

limit the general expression here by the facts of the whole circumstance under consideration, so that "broken up upon the face of the whole earth,"means upon the face of the whole is the limearth so far as the Nephite lands are concerned—that

itation of the general phrase.

As an example of this kind of interpretation, allow me to introduce a passage or two from the Bible. Daniel, in giving

the interpretation of the king of Babylon's dream, says:

Thou, king, art a king of kings: for the God of heaven hath given

thee a kingdom, power, and strength, and glory. And wheresoever the

children of men dwell, the beasts of the field and the fowls of the heaven hath he given into thine hand, and hath made thee ruler over them all. Thou

art this head of gold.

Does this prophecy really mean "wheresoever the children of men dwell,"there, too, was the rule and dominion of Nebuchadnezzar? Did he rule all of Europe and Africa! Did his dominion extend to the western hemisphere, for there the children

of men dwelt as well as in Asia? It is a matter of common

information that Nebuchadnezzar's dominion was not thus extended, but really was quite limited. What, then? Shall we

reject the prophecies of Daniel because a strict and technical construction of his language does not meet the facts?

Again he says, speaking of the political powers that would succeed Babylon:

OBJECTIONS TO BOOK OB MORMON ANSWERED. 345

And after thee shall arise another kingdom inferior to thee, and another third kingdom of brass, which shall bear rule over all the earth.

This third kingdom is generally agreed to have reference to the kingdom of Alexander; but did Alexander "bear rule

over all the earth?"Did he bear rule over the western hemisphere? No; nor did he know of its existence. What, then,

shall we do with this inspired prophet who says he "shall bear rule over all the earth?"Shall we reject him and his book? Or

say that his statements do not agree with the facts? That were

absurd. The particular phrase is limited by the general circumstances under which the prophet was speaking. That is the

course taken by all who believe the book of Daniel, and it is a course amply justified by reason.

Again, it is recorded in Luke, speaking of the events which happened during the crucifixion of the Savior:

And it was about the sixth hour, and there was a darkness over all the earth until the ninth hour.

Did this inspired writer really have in mind the whole round earth, or was he speaking with reference to what happened right there in Judea where the main event occurred? Undoubtedly

he had reference to what had been stated to him by the eye witnesses of the scene, who merely related what appeared to them;

namely, that a darkness settled down over the land, but they were not thinking of the face of the whole earth when they told the story to Luke, nor was he when he wrote his statement of the event.

One other example:

Be not moved away from the hope of the gospel, which ye have heard, and which was preached to every creature under heaven; whereof I

1: 23.Paul am a minister.—Col.

Is this statement of Paul's literally true? Had the gospel at

that time, or, for matter of that, has it at any time since then, been preached unto every creature under heaven? Certainly not.

And when Paul wrote his letter to the Colossians there were millions of the children of men, as there are to this day, who never had heard of Messiah or the gospel. Paul could only have meant by

346 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

this overstatement of the matter, that the gospel had been very generally preached in the kingdoms and provinces with which himself and the Colossians were acquainted; and no one thinks of

rejecting Paul or his books because of such seeming inaccuracies.

His use of such broadsweeping phrases are interpreted in the light of reason, and limited by the well known circumstances under which he wrote. It should be remembered in this connection, that hyperbole is a habit of speech with oriental peoples,

to whom the Jews belonged; and indirectly, too, the Nephites are

descendants of the same people, and have retained to a large extent the same habits of expression; all of which should be taken into

account in the interpretation of the Nephite records as it always is in exegeses of the Hebrew scriptures.

We do not ask for the Book of Mormon immunity from criticism. We beg no questions in its interests. It is before the

world for its inspection; let them analyze it as severely as they

choose, and criticize it as thoroughly as they can; we shall only

ask that the same canons of good sense and right reason be applied in that criticism as are employed in the criticism of other sacred books.

III.

Relative to the third item of objection, I must be briefer in its treatment. The passage in the "Outlines"referred to is a note

on page seventeen, in which it is argued that the data which, in the judgment of the author, best fixes the time of the birth of

Messiah is the opening paragraph of Section XX of the Doctrine and Covenants, which says:

The rise of the Church of Christ in these last days, being one thousand eight hundred and thirty years since the coming of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ in the flesh, it being regularly organized and established agreeable to the laws of our country * * * in the fourth month and on the sixth day of the month which is called April.

The argument on this is that if the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints was organized one thousand eight hundred and thirty years since the coming of our Lord and Savior in the flesh, then the 6th of April must have been the anniversary of the

OBJECTIONS TO BOOK OF MORMON ANSWERED. 347

Savior's birthday. If the organization of the Church had been before or subsequent to that date, if only by one or any number of

days, the great event, strictly speaking, would have been more or less than one thousand eight hundred and thirty years. This

argument and the statement of fact upon which it is based, is further strengthened by a remark in the "History of the Prophet,"but which does not appear in the "Outlines,"viz.: In giving an account of a meeting of the Saints who assembled near Independence, Jackson county, Missouri, on the 6th of April, 1833, to celebrate the third anniversary of this organization of the Church, the

Prophet says:

The day was spent in a very agreeable manner, in giving and receiving knowledge which appertained to this last kingdom. R being

just 1800 years since the Savior laid down His life that man might have everlasting life, and only three years since the Church had come out of the wilderness, preparatory for the last dispensation. Millennial Star,

vol xiv, p. 388.

These two passages, if strictly construed, fix exactly the day and year of the Savior's birth and also the day and year of His crucifixion. This is the opinion of the author of the "Outlines;"

whether it appeals to others or not is a matter for them to decide for themselves. It has no other authority behind it than the

reasonableness of the argument based upon the stated facts.

Should it turn out to be untrue, it in no way invalidates the truth of God's great latterday work; and no Elder is bound by it as

doctrine; he is not called upon to defend it as part of the gospel,

nor any other statement or argument of that book, or any other book which the writer or any other author has written. Only

those books which are held by the Church to be Scripture—the

Bible, the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, the Pearl the Elders bound to defend. These booksof Great Price—are

have been accepted by the Church as containing the word of God, and these books the Elders at home and abroad should maintain as absolutely true. As for the rest, they may be very useful and

instructive, but are not of the same dignity as the four books named, and are only acceptable as they agree with our books of 348 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Scripture. This, however, is a digression, and is only said by the

way.

Now to return. The conclusion is reached that the statement and argument in the "Outlines"comes in conflict with statements in the Book of Mormon. The Book of Mormon says that

nine years after a certain sign of the birth of Christ had been given, the Nephites began to reckon their time from that event, 2: 8. There was giventhe sign of Christ's birth.—III Nephi

them also a sign of His crucifixion, viz., tremendous earthquakes,

and tempests to be followed by three days of darkness.

And now it came to pass, if there was no mistake made by this man [the one who kept the Nephi te records], in the reckoning of our time, the thirty and third year had passed away, and the people began to look with great earnestness for the sign which had been given by the

Prophet Samuel, the Lamanite; yea, for the time that there should be

darkness for the space of three days over the face of the land. * * *

And it came to pass in the thirty and fourth year, in the first month, in the fourth day of the month, there arose a great storm, such an one as had never been known in all the land. (Ill Nephi).

Then follows a description of the earthquakes and the three days darkness which was the sign to them of Messiah's crucifixion.

But this is said to have occurred in the thirtyfourth year, in the first month, and on the fourth day of the month from the time the sign of Messiah's birth, and hence Jesus must have been thirtythree years and three days old (for since the Nephites reckoned their time from the day the sign of Christ's birth was given, they reckoned from one day before His birth, which is here dropped) of threeinstead of just thirtythree years old—a discrepancy

days.

There are two things which make it impossible for any opponent of the Book of Mormon to gain any advantage by this seeming discrepancy:

First: He must prove that there was no mistake made by the

Nephite historian who kept the Nephite records at that time; for

the correctness of the time fixed in Mormon's abridgement of III

Nephi for the appearance of the sign of Messiah's crucifixion as being in the thirtyfourth year, first month, and fourth day of the

OBJECTIONS TO BOOK OF MORMON ANSWERED. 349

month, from the sign of Christ's birth, is predicated upon, "if there was no mistake made by this man [the recorder],"then the time was thirtythree years and four days. But who may at present determine absolutely whether there was or was not a mistake

in his reckoning?

Second: The objector must make it clear, beyond the peradventure of a doubt, that the Nephite method of computing time

is identical with ours before he can establish his contradiction.

Can he do that? We allow 365 days for every year, except that

every fourth year we add one day to make up the difference which accumulates during the four years between civil and astronomical time. Did the Nephites do the same? Or did they follow the

Hebrew method, or the Egyptian? Or did they have a system of

their own? From the best authorities it would appear that the

Mexicans, descendants of the Lamanites, allowed 365 days to the year, but every 52 years they added 13 intercalary days, which practically reduced their system to the same as that followed by us, only the intercalary days were not added until the lapse of 52 years, whereas we add an intercalary day ever four years. But

was this a custom of the Nephites or of the Lamanites only? It

is impossible to tell.

Until the objector to the Book of Mormon can show absolutely what the method of the Nephites was for computing the year, and then can prove by comparison of data that there is a conflict between the statements and the'argument made in the "Outlines"and the Book of Mormon, he will not make anything by this particular objection, either to the Book of Mormon or to the argument set forth in the "Outlines."

And now in conclusion, a word upon this closing paragraph of the communication here considered. Namely, that the gentleman

who brings forth these old objections to the Book of Mormon "has it within his power to do us harm by publishing these statements from our books."You must pardon me, but I don't believe it. I

am a strong believer in Paul's doctrine that men can do nothing against the truth, but for it. That is, the efforts of men against

the truth under the providences of God will be turned ultimately to its advantage, whatever of temporary inconvenience in the interim may have to be endured. The publication of these supposed

350 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

contraditions in our books will but advertise the work, lead men to investigate it whose attention, perhaps, would not otherwise be attracted to it; and investigation means being brought in contact

with "Mormonism,"and will afford opportunity for the spirit of the

Lord to whisper to the hearts of such men and women that the work is divine, and thus the work of the ministry would be helped.

Neither the gentleman in question nor any other man can harm this work, or the Book of Mormon. These old objections have been

urged time and again during the last threequarters, of a century, but the Book of Mormon still holds its ground uninjured by the assaults made upon it; unharmed by objections made to it. It is being published in a constantly increasing number of nations, and is

being accepted by the honest in heart, to whom the Spirit of God is bearing testimony that the book is true, and of divine origin.

BE STRONG.

Be strong!

We are not here to play, to dream, to drift.

We have hard work to do, and loads to lift.

Shun not the struggle; face it. 'Tis God's gift.

Be strong!

Say not the days are evil—Who's to blame?

And fold the hands and acquiesce—shame!

Stand up, speak out, and bravely, in God's name.

Be strong!

It matters not how deep intrenched the wrong,

How hard the battle goes, the day, how long,

Faint not, fight on. Tomorrow comes the song.—Selected.

THE CASTLE BUILDER.

BY NEPHI ANDERSON, AUTHOR OP ADDED UPON,",MARCUS KING,

MORMON,"ETC.

PART FIRST.

VI.

LIFE OF THE NORWEGIAN FISHERMAN.

During the following months, Harald served his apprenticeship to the calling of a fisherman. The fall fishing was good, and

Uncle Erik was on the sea most of his time. Harald was with

him, as they sailed from fjord to fjord, following the fish in their movements. During these trips, Harald received a share in

the catch, the proceeds of which gave him more money than he had ever had before. Two weeks prior to Christmas, he sent the

most of it to his grandmother, telling her to use it for her comfort any means to save it, as he was going to earn more.—not by

Preparations for the trip to Lofoten, now occupied most of the time of the inhabitants of Nordland. Harald entered enthusiastically into the work. His uncle was a line fisher, and his greatest anxiety was to secure the required amount of small herring

for bait. For this purpose, they sailed in the wind, and rowed

during still weather in and out of every corner, following every indication of herring. It was nearly time to start for Lofoten before they had secured enough.

On shore, there was life also. Lines and nets must be repaired; the boats overhauled; chests, ropes, sails, oars, and the

hundred and one other needed articles must be looked after.

Hired help had to be engaged. The women folks were kept just

352 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

as busy. The house was alive with their clatter, their gossip, their

laughter, their singing, as they worked. Stacks of fladbrod must

be baked; loaves of black ryebread, and cakes of wheatflour were

to be baked in the brick oven; the men's clothing must be patched

and mended; great, thick stockings and mittens, knit. The girls

worked until perspiration stood upon their rosy faces; the mother

oversees, and prepares and packs. The grandmother, if there be

one, sits in the corner, out of the way, and knits.

The Christmas holidays were celebrated in the usual Nordland manner, and then, about the middle of January, all were ready for

Lofoten. Just before starting, Harald received a package from

grandmother, containing a pair of thick stockings and a pair of woolen mittens. The mittens for the Lofoten fisherman's use,

should have two thumbs, so that when one side becomes wet, it can be slipped off the hand, and turned around to the dry side; but,

of course, grandmother knew nothing about such a contrivance.

They were warm and serviceable, even if they had but one thumb each. With the package came a letter, and within the letter was

another letter written very neatly on a piece of smoother, white, birchbark.. It read as follows:

Vangen, January 10, 18 Friend Harald'Einersen:

Grandmother often comes to see me. She is well, as we all are.

Nordland must be a strange country, and the fishing at Lofoten very interesting. Will you not write and tell me all about your trip to tho

islands?

Respectfully, Thora Bernhard.

Harald certainly would. He provided himself with writing

material, and from Lofoten sent a long letter to Thora. This is

the communication:

Kastpjord, Lofoten, January 30, 18

Friend Thora Bernhard:

Many thanks for your birchbark letter. As the day is too stormy

to fish, I will begin my answer to you, telling you about my trip hither, and what I have done so far. We left Sandstad, on January 20. A

large crowd of fishers gathered at Uncle Erik's place preparatory

THE CASTLE BUILDER. 353

to starting. There were fortytwo men in our company. We had to

wait two days for a favorable wind, but it came on the morning of the 20th. Then, after a hurried meal, goodbyes were said, and we jumped

into the boats. The partings were quite sad in some cases, because,

no one knows what might happen before the fishers'return, and some may never come back at all.

We had a favorable wind, most of the distance. One day, the

breeze failed us altogether, and then you should have seen us all at the oars. The whole fleet took part in the race. I never worked so hard in

my life, but our boat was not in the lead when the wind caught us again. The weather was pleasant, so everybody said, though I don't

call snow storms and hurricanes pleasant weather, especially when one is in an open boat on the sea. The days are very short now, and we

could not travel very far each day; though, sometimes when the moon

shone bright, we kept on our way all night. My, how sleepy I became!

We have in our boat Uncle Erik, Cousin Johan, a hired man, Jens by name, and myself. Some of the boats have four and a half men, and

others have five—boys are counted as halfmen—Uncle Erik does not

count me that way, however.

On dark and stormy nights, we managed to anchor at some port where we could get shelter on land. One night, we were part of a company consisting of nearly one hundred men packed into a warehouse, much

like herrings in a barrel. Most of us were wet when we landed, but the

night was so cold that our clothing was frozen stiff in the morning

Grandmother's warm stockings came in handy.

Cousin John is a good fellow. He is not so rough and wild as many

of the other fishermen. He assists me to understand this strange life,

and the best way to overcome difficulties. I must tell you that I have

visited at his home a number of times. He has a wife, my cousin Maria,

and two children. They have such a cosy home.

When we arrived at this place, the houses which have been built here for the accommodation of the fishermen during the fishing season, were nearly snowed under; but, in a short time, we had paths shoveled

and we moved into them. The first thing we did was to build a good fire

in the stove, and open door and window that the dampness might be driven out. Then we had a cooked supper, after which we scrubbed

the floor with snow. We have done very little fishing. The weather is

quite rough, and, as the cod have not arrived in great numbers yet, we are not doing much.

February 7th.

Since writing last, we have done some fishing, and I will tell you 354 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

about it. This station has now some three hundred boats, and over a

thousand men. The fish have come in great numbers, and you might

imagine what a stir there is. There are many government regulations

regarding the fishing, by which each fisher is to have an equal chance.

One of these rules is that no boat must leave the harbor for the fishing grounds until the signal is given, which is done by the hoisting of a flag.

But then you should see us! It is hardly daylight yet, but away we go,

rowing as if for life. There are racing, challenging, laughing, singing,

and, sometimes, swearing. The sea gulls fly in circles over the fleet,

uttering their harsh cries. Daylight comes, and we are at length on

the banks, or fishing grounds, which are at present quite a distance out.

Then we set our lines. Each line contains about three thousand

baited hooks. Two of us are at the oars, while one lets out the lines.

When these are all set properly, we go to work hauling in the lines, which were set the day before. Two men haul in, one stands with a

short, bent, steel spike fastened into a handle, and with it helps each big, shining cod into the boat. Another man counts the fish, and stores

them in their proper place. Sometimes our lines get tangled with others,

then we have a great time to pick out our fish from those of our neighbor's. This work requires all the daylight we have. If the wind is

favorable, we can get to shore again about six o'clock; but, if we have

to row, it sometimes takes us until nine or ten; but our day's work is

not over yet. The fish must be disposed of, and our lines made ready

for the next day. Some sell their fish, some hang them to dry, and sell

only the livers, the eggs and the heads. It is often midnight before we

get something to eat and then go to bed. Thus we labor day after day.

We could not endure it long, were it not for the stormy days that occur two or three times a week, when we all remain on land to rest. We

then sleep half the day, visit our neighbors, gossip, read the newspapers, letters tosing songs, provide ourselves with food—and—and write long

young ladies at home.

February 20th.

Another stormy day. Uncle is sleeping, Johan is very much interested in politics, and is reading Bjornson's latest article, and Jens is off

visiting.. I am writing—isn't that news for you? In reading over what

I last wrote, I see that it is about the life on the sea. You might also

be interested in life on the shore.

Our house is located about a stone's throw from the water. To

get into our living room, you would have to go into the entre and through an aisle, barrels of all kinds being stacked up on each side, with fish ines hanging from the roof. Once inside, you would see the rusty stove

THE CASTLE BUILDER. 355

near one wall; while against two others, the bunks or beds are built.

By the window stands the table, and under it are three empty butter

I am sitting on. That is about all the furniture.kegs—the fourth

When we get home at night, the first thing we do is to rid ourselves of our heavy fisherboots, and put on our warm, dry, wooden shoes. Then

we tumble into the bunks and rest a bit until supper is cooked. We

always have fresh fish for supper. For dessert we have fish molje. With

all your knowledge of cookery, you will not know what that is. At first

I must describe it to you. You mayI could not eat it, but now—well,

wish to try it.

Fill a kettle about half full of broken fladbrod. Pour over it hot

fish soup, and let it stand until the bread is well soaked..'Then pour most

of the soup off, and stir the whole until it becomes something like mush.

Then stir in the fat from a number of cod livers. Sweeten it with syrup,

and make it tart with vinegar. Don't forget to stir all the time. Note:

If any of the above mentioned ingredients are missing, don't try to eat it.

Johanhas awakened Uncle Erik by his reading aloud; and, as there

is now a warm political discussion—Uncle believes in the party of the

Right and Johan belongs to the Left—I shall have to quit writing for

today.

February 28th.

Sunday. What a blessing to rest! We have had a hard week. The

fish move about from place to place around the islands, and the fishers try to follow. So last week we had big fishing, and great crowds of men

It makes a wonderful stir when thousands of men congregate in such a small place as this. Cousin Johan came in******as I began writing today, and wished me to

go to church with him. I have just come back, and I don't know how

well I shall be able to write, because something occurred in the church which has affected me strangely. We have meetings here every Sunday, and sometimes, on stormy days. I usually go. Johan scarcely ever

goes. The preacher, today, was the wellknown Pastor Bange. The

house was crowded with fishermen. The pastor gave us the usual talk

about the grace of God saving us all, if we but believe in Christ, and how we can do nothing of ourselves, in regard to our salvation. It was

all very pleasant, I thought. After the sermon, privilege was given

persons present to bear testimony, and in a moment, Cousin Johan was on his feet. The church was still as death—most of those present knew

of Johan's unbelief, and his poor standing as a Christian.

"I should like you to explain, dear pastor,"began Johan in his quiet 356 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

unhesitating way, "the Apostle James'expression that 'faith without works is dead;'also what is meant by the scriptural saying that all men

shall be judged 'according to their works,'and that God 'will render to every man according to his deeds.'For my part, I agree with the Apostle. By God's grace the Kastfjord may be full of cod, but what profiteth it, if we do not gather them in; yes, take advantage of God's grace

by long, hard work on our part."

Seating himself, a subdued hum swept through the room. Then

the pastor arose again; I thought he was a little pale, but he smiled and

was very calm. I scarcely heard what he said, he spoke so low, and I

was myself so astonished at Cousin Johan; but I caught something about

infant baptism, confirmation, and the sacrament being the works needed is delivered to us. I'll admit, I—the means whereby the grace of God

was somewhat disappointed in the answer. It has all muddled me, and

I hardly know what to think about it. Perhaps you can explain it to

me. You stood at the head of your class, you remember, while I was

only fourth.

March 3rd.

The fishing has become poor here, and we are to move to Vagsund;

so I will close this letter, and mail it today. Kind regards to grandmother, all other friends, and to yourself, from

Your friend, Harald Einersen.

VII.

harald's thrilling adventure on the sea.

Vagsund lay under the steep wall of one of Lofoten's outermost islands. The fishing station itself was quite well protected,

but the fishing grounds were some miles out from land directly in the sweep of the fierce Arctic storms which came rushing up the open Westfjord. Erik Svensen and his company found good fishing at Vagsund, although the weather was often so rough that

they could not put to sea. It became colder, too. Fierce snowstorms often caught the homecoming boats, and sometimes made

it difficult to land. But fish they must, if possible; and the Nordland fisherman cares little for the state of the weather, if there is

fish to be caught. However, at Lofoten, the government has

instituted a strict supervision; and, on stormy days, the flag is not

raised; that means, "Stay on fishing today."land—no

During these layon-land days, Harald and Johan had many

THE CASTLE BUILDER. 357

chats together. Harald found something attractive in his cousin.

He enjoyed listening to the latter's talk, which always seemed so sensible, and straightforward, for he had some ideas on politics and government in general which the young man thought were indeed fine. Johan did not often "talk fish,"as did the other men,

nor did he usually join in the common gossip of [the crowd. He

had attended school only very little. He had not even been confirmed, which made him quite a heathen, in the eyes of many who

knew it. It was told of him that the winter before, Pastor

Bange had gone privately to him and offered to confirm him if he would come to the school of the priest and learn the catechism;

but Johan Bernsen did not attend the school; and whether or not

he learned the catechism, he was not confirmed.

Johan, however, was a great reader, and he made good use of the library furnished the Lofoten fishermen. One stormy day in

March, Johan lay in his bunk reading aloud, while Harald mended lines. Uncle Erik and Jens were out.

Suddenly Johan closed his book with a bang, took his pipe from the shelf, relit it, but said nothing for a time.

"Well?"enquired Harald.

"Harald,"he asked "you are not going to be a fisherman all your life?"

"I don't know. I may be."

"Don't you do it."

"Why?""This fishing business is a dog's life. It's slavery of the

worst kind. What advancement can one make? I never saw a

fisherman yet that did not have to work like a slave for a bare living. You've got to get out of this. Make a little to begin

with, and then become a merchant, a fish buyer or something.

If I could only obtain credit at Bergen for a year, I would come say, Harald, why don't you go to school?"out on top—but

"Why, I've been to school; was confirmed nearly four years

ago.""Tut, you were confirmed! I know. That means you have

completed your education! Nonsense, you had just begun. I wish

I were in possession of your chances, you wouldn't see me catching cod all my life."

358 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"What would you do?"

"First, I would go to the high school at Tromso, and then to the University at Christiania."Johan arose to a sitting position, placed his pipe back on the shelf, and picked up the book

again. "This is a history, a history of Norway. I know it quite

well now, but I would learn all there is to learn about that subject. Then I would study the law—one must know something

then, I might have to teach school a while, butabout that—and

not long. I would get into Stortinget* somehow. I tell you my

boy, this country of ours has a glorious future. We are not going to be lorded over by a king much longer. We're going to be

a republic, Harald, a free republic like the states in America. We

are Norsemen, and we are going to be free in name as well as in offact. 0, it makes my blood boil when I think of how we—sons

sitthe Vikings of old, who made all Europe tremble—of how we

quietly under the rule of a Frenchman! Of a Frenchman, think of

it! We might tolerate one of Harald Haarfagre's descendants,

!"but a Frenchman—

Harald let the lines lay in a tangle while he listened. Johan

jumped from the bunk, walked back and forth, and then he laughed quietly as if to himself.

"I don't often break out like that, though I feel like it many times. I am visionary, perhaps, but I can't help being as God has

made me."Johan went to his clothes box under his bunk, took out a

Bible, pulled a butter keg from under the table and sat down.

"When I get worked up like that, I always read my Bible.

That quiets me again."

"I thought you didn't believe in the Bible much,"said Harald.

"Believe in it! Of course, I do. I believe in it more than

Pastor Bange does. Let me read to you some of Christ's Sermon

on the Mount. I think that is so grand."

The fisherman read, in his rich, deeptoned voice, while the young man listened. Certainly some deeper meanings were brought

out even by the way it was read. After a half hour's reading,

Johan closed the book and began talking again.

* The Norwegian lawmaking body.

THE CASTLE BUILDER. 359

"So, you do not think I am religious,"he said, much more quietly than when his theme was political, "but I claim to be quite religious. I believe in God, I believe in Jesus Christ, I believe in

the doctrine, which he taught, but I do not believe much of the stuff that is preached now-a-days. It seems to me that the religion

of the preachers—and they are pretty much all alike—is so unreal,

so unreasonable, so out of harmony with everything else in life that I can't comprehend it. My notion of religion is that it should

be a divine essence that permeates all that does not things—yet

define it. It should be something we could not put on and off, as

the priest does his surplice. It should not be apart from nature,

from science or from any known truth, but should harmonize with them all. It should be something that every man could mix with

his daily life. It should smile from the flower; sing from the brook;

shine from the stars in heaven; encompass the whole human

family, past, present, and future; be the safety anchor in every

storm; the Fatherwhisper to the son, and it should answer

some of my soul's innermost questions on the mystery of my being."

Stamping the snow from his feet, Jens came in and announced that the storm had nearly ceased, that there were prospects of fishing on the morrow. That night Harald could hardly sleep.

Johan's talk had disturbed him, had seemingly stirred some deep feeling within him. His thoughts were very much in a muddle,

and he was glad when at length the gray dawn appeared.

But the storm was not over, though it lulled towards noon.

Some of the fishermen were fretful, showing anxiety about their lines and nets. The flag was hoisted after dinner, but not many

went out. Some said that the flagman had made a mistake, as the

storm was not yet over.

Johan, Harald, and Jens went out to take in yesterday's lines.

Uncle Erik would not go; not that he feared the sea, but he was

not well. The wind blew from the land, and they were not long in

reaching their lines which were well out in the open fjord; but the

storm had driven them so that they had become entangled with others. They were, however, full of fish and must be hauled.

The men worked hard that whole afternoon. The sky cleared, but

the wind blew, strong and cold. The waves rolled high, their

360 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

white crests frequently breaking into the boat. The cold increased

as night came on, yet the men silently and earnestly continued their labors.

The stars were out when the boat was ready to return. The

wind blew more fiercely than ever from the land, and it became steadily colder. The boat had become coated with ice, both inside

and along the top railing. It was, therefore, heavy, and clumsily

and slowly moved along its zigzag course. When the men had

finished their work, they were tired and sat down to rest. In a few

minutes, their clothing was frozen stiff, and icicles hung from hair and beard. The spray seemed to freeze on their faces.

Still the cold increased. The boat became heavier with ice.

Night came on. The sky was a deep blue, studded with diamond

stars. The sea, of the same color, was nearly hidden under its

covering of whitecaps.

"We must not sit still,"said Harald, "we will die in this cold. Here, let me steer, while you work at the oars."

Johan did not answer. Harald reached for the oars, but

found them frozen fast to the boat! He, however, chopped two

of them loose and gave one to each of the others.

"No,"said Johan, "you and Jens use them. I will steer."

"But you'll freeze to death, Johan, sitting still. Let me steer

a while."So Harald took his turn at the tiller, while Johan and Jens worked at the oars. It was nearly impossible to do anything with

them, so heavy and clumsy were they with encrusted ice. In

twenty minutes, both oars had been lost in the sea, and Johan went back to the tiller.

Both Johan and Jens produced brandy flasks from their pockets. The bottle which Jens had was nearly empty, as he had

taken drinks from it during the afternoon, but that which Johan handed to Harald was nearly full.

"Drink,"said Johan, "drink and get warm!"

Harald had never yet tasted strong drink, and he hesitated remembering his father's words, as he took the flask; but there

could be no harm in taking a little now, if it would help keep him warm—and the marrow seemed to be freezing in his bones. But

Johan needed it more than he. Johan must sit by the tiller. He

THE CASTLE BUILDER. 361

could move about. Harald put the flask to his lips and took a

small sip. The liquor made a stinging sensation in his mouth.

"Johan, you must have the rest. I can move about and keep

warm. Jens, man, get up; don't lie there, you'll freeze to

death!"Jens had fallen into the boat, and lay in a stupor. Harald

tried to shake him into action, but it was useless. He then lifted

him bodily, and tried to have him move about, but the instant

Harald let go his hold, Jens would lie down again.

"Shift the sail,"said Johan, "we must tack."The ropes were

like bars of iron, and it was nearly impossible to do anything with them; but it was movement, anyway, and in movement lay his only

hope. The lights from the fishermen's houses could be seen, twinkling now and then above the heaving sea. The distant roar of the

waves, dashing themselves into spray against the rocks could be heard. The boat crept slowly on. It would take an hour yet to

reach the shore.

Harald felt drowsiness stealing over him. He knew what

that meant. Perhaps he could get another swallow of brandy;

Jens lay still, and Harald searched for his flask. He found it

clenched in the dying man's hand, but it was empty. Harald had

no desire to try to arouse Jens. He moved up to the tiller where

Johan sat. "Have you any brandy left, Johan, I'm terribly cold?"

Johan did not answer. Harald shook his cousin fiercely.

"Get up,"he shouted, "get up, and move. Oh, Johan, wake up,

don't sit there and die! Remember Maria and the children."

But the steerman sat immovable. Harald heard only a moan

escape his lips. The boat was now in danger of running onto the

rocks. Once more, it must tack; into the harbor this time.

Harald shifted the sail and shouted to Johan to turn the rudder;

but Johan sat immovable, still. Harald hurried with all speed

possible, to the tiller, and gave it a turn. The boat slowly

changed, striking out on its new course. Harald made an effort to

take Johan's hand from the tiller, but it seemed frozen to it, so that he wrenched with all his might to get it loose. Then Johan

fell forward on his face. Harald turned him over, but could do

no more. 362 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

As the boat drew nearer to the high mountain wall, the wind slightly moderated, but this would not help the freezing fishermen, as it would take so much longer to reach land. Harald

headed his boat for the lights. He was extremely tired, and a rest

seemed so good. Oh, how cold it was! His mitts were like

iron gloves. Johan and Jens lay in the boat as if asleep, and

Harald felt anxious to join them. How could he endure it, until

he could reach the shore.

The schoolmaster, down at Opdal, had told them, one day, what were the sensations of freezing to death. Harald now remembered it clearly. A panorama went before his eyes. There

were Opdal's beloved hills and vales, green in summer beauty. He

heard the sweet music of the sheep's bell; he scented the wild

odor of the pine woods. There was grandmother, sitting by the

stove, spinning, and humming as she spun. Father's sharp ax

made the chips fly. The children shouted in their play. Little

Hulda, little sister Hulda, climbed again upon his shoulders, and dug her tiny fingers into his curls, to hold on when her horse went fast. And then, down at Vangen, he saw a whitepainted house,

and a girldigging in the garden. She smiled at him, and, going

to the flowerbeds which were located under the glass frames, she picked the largest red rose on the bush, and gave it to him. He

put it in his pocket, his inside pocket, right here

Harald made a movement, as if to put his hand into an inner pocket of his jacket; but his fingers were stiff with cold. But the

exertion awoke him to his senses again, and he realized that the withered flower was safe in the pocket of his best coat on shore.

The night grew dark and cold again, but the lights on the shore seemed much nearer. He must not give up. One more effort,

just one more, for her rose. sake—for her who had given him the

Ten minutes later, a boat from the shore met him, and Harald had a faintrecollection of being lifted out and rolled into a blanket. Then he knew no more, until he awoke, the next day in

his Uncle Erik's bunkhouse on the shore.*********The church at Vagsund was filled to overflowing with fishermen, come to pay their last tokens of respect to their three dead

comrades, Johan Bernsen, Jens Monson, and Ivar Soroe. The last

THE CASTLE BUILDER. 363

'named was brought in dead by another relief boat on that fateful afternoon of the storm.

The three black caskets lay side by side before -the altar.

Pastor Bange officiated. A silent gloom within was enhanced by

the storm which howled without. On the front seat sat Erik

Svensen, and Harald Einersen, with a number of other fishermen, relatives or dear friends of the dead. Harald's face was pale and

thin, as if he had been ill for a month.

At the close of the services, comrades bore the caskets to the little graveyard, at the foot of a steep crag. Paths had been

shoveled to the graves, upon which the long procession moved through the driving snow. The three coffins were lowered, and

then the pastor, taking a small spadelike implement, tossed three times a little earth on the coffin of Jens Monson, repeating the usual formula of "Dust thou art, to dust thou shalt return; and of

the dust thou shalt come forth."Then the same ceremony was

performed over the grave of Ivar Soroe. Here the pastor stopped.

He then breathed a short prayer, covered his head, raised his umbrella, and walked away from the graves between the long lines of men standing on each side of the path.

The silence was so perfect that the hard breathings of some of the men could be heard, and the lapping of the sea against the beach below. The men who were to fill the graves stood still, not

knowing what to do.

Then Harald Einersen darted from the edge of Johan Bernsen's grave, ran along the path, and stopped in front of the retreating priest. He blocked the passage, and, holding up his open hand said:

"Give my cousin Christian burial!"

is not a Christian!""I can not give him Christian burial—he

"You lie, Pastor Bange; give my cousin Christian burial! I

he is a Christian, a better Christian knew Johan Bernsen—I know

than you ever can be. Give him decent burial!"

The priest tried to pass, but Harald blocked the way. His

pale face was paler yet, while his eyes fairly shone from their hollow depths.

"Men,"said Harald to his comrades around him, "was my cousin a Christian?"

"Yes;"shouted one close by.

364 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

all directions. Then the "He yes—"came from was—yes,

murmur grew louder. The priest hesitated.

"Go back and finish your work!"shouted one.

"Go back, pastor!"said another.

There was more tumult. Harald stood firm in the path.

Then the priest turned, walked back to Johan Bernsen's grave, and performed the usual ceremony!

When the priest departed, his face was pale with emotion;

but something like a cheer broke from the assembled fishermen when Harald stepped aside to let the pastor pass.

TRYING TO CHEAT OTHERS—CHEATING ONESELF.

But there is flying through the world the story of another builder, a foolish eyeservant, a poor rogue. He and his little

ones were wretched and roofless, whereupon a certain good

Samaritan said, in his heart, "I will surprise this man with the gift of a comfortable home. So without telling his purpose, he

hired the builder at fair wages to build a house on a sunny hill, and then he went on business to a far city.

The builder was left at work with no watchman but his own honor. "Ha!"said he to his heart, "I can cheat this man. I can

skimp the material and scamp the work."So he went on spinning

out the time, putting in poor service, poor nails, poor timbers.

When the Samaritan returned, the builder said: "That is a

fine house I built you on the hill.""Good,"was the reply; "Go,

move your folks into it at once, for the house is yours. Here is

the deed."The man was thunderstruck. He saw that, instead of cheating his friend for a year, he had been industriously cheating himself. "If I had only known it was my own house I was building!"

he kept muttering to himself.

But in a deep sense we are always building our own houses.

Each one dwells in the heaven or hell of his own making.

I care not what his temples or his creeds,

One thing holds sure and fast,

That into his fateful heap of days and deeds

The soul of a man—Edwinis cast. Markham in Success.

AND THEN?

BY W. J. SLOAN.

A few years ago a young man, fresh from one of the higher institutions of learning in "the North,"paid a visit to the plantation of his uncle in one of the Southern States. The house, of

"antebellum"style, was one of the few in that section that had not felt the direct blows of the war. The master, a gentleman of

the old school, prided himself upon his hospitality and faithfulness to the traditions of the older times.

To this home and by this man, the younger one was welcomed with love and respect.

Upon the broad veranda, at the close of the day, the uncle and nephew could usually be found chatting until long after "early candle light."Favorite subjects of conversation, on the part of

the elder man, were of the stormy days of the past; his love for

the boy's mother, a brother's child whom he had raised and loved as a daughter; the family history; and the plans for the summer's

work. The young man took pleasure in telling of his college life,

the struggles there, and the final victory, as well as of his plans for the future.

One evening, near the close of the visit, when twilight was casting its silent shadows over the land, and the moon peeped through the tops of a clump of pines to the east of the house, the uncle and nephew took their usual places upon the porch; the elder

man spoke: "Edward, I do not feel like talking much tonight. You are

going out in the world to fight the battle of life, and I feel that I would like to sit and listen while you tell me of your ambitions and hopes; what mark you expect to make in the world, as well

366 IMPR VEMENT ERA.

as what you intend to do to uphold the family name. I will listen,

freely."my boy—speak

"Uncle, you know so well how grateful I am for your kindness to me, during the years since my mother died, that I need not speak of that now. To use a college phrase, I can say that I expect to 'make good'on your investment. My hopes and ambitions

are high, but I believe that I can fulfill them. Hopes I have many,

fears none; I have health, strength, a good education, and,

through the family name and your good influence, I shall go out among friends. In the morning, I shall leave this dear old place,

and go to the capital of the state, there to follow my chosen profession; I shall open an office, hang out my 'shingle,'and be ready

for fame and fortune. At first clients will be few, but I shall win

their cases, and that will give me a start; other cases will then

follow; I shall study and work hard, and more victories will be

added to my credit. It will not be long before you hear of me,

uncle, for I intend to make my mark and uphold the family name."

The old man sat and listened.

"It will not be long before I am recognized as one of the brightest men before the bar of the state, and instead of having to wait for small cases, large ones will come to me. I expect

that the tender passion will come into my life, but, when I marry, it shall add to my influence, and lustre to the old name. In a few

years, I expect to be known throughout the state as a leader in my profession, in politics, wealth and business. This will be but a

state legislator, congressman from mystep to higher honors—a

district, governor of this commonwealth, and then a seat among the members of the upper branch of our nation's lawmakers; then

will I be known as a leader, a man of influence and power. Such

are my ambitions and hopes, uncle."

"And should you accomplish all this, what then?"

"What more could a man ask?"

"But little; your ambitions are high; I wish you success; if

your expectations come true, what then? What about the later

years of your life?"

"Should I live, I expect to pass the declining years of my life among those who love, honor and respect me."

"And then?"

AND THEN? 367

course, like the rest of mankind, I shall pass "Why—then—of

to the silent sleep of death."

"AND THEN?"

The young man sat in silence for several minutes, then slowly raised his head and murmured, "And then?"

"My boy, you have told me freely of your hopes and ambitions for this life, which life, by the way, is but the first short step in an endless career. At the end of your life story, I felt, and still

feel, to ask, "And then?"

In silence the young man's head fell upon his bosom; after

a few minutes he arose, stretched forth his hand and said:

"Uncle, you have brought thoughts to my mind such as I have not known since I knelt at my mother's knee in the long ago; let me

go to my room and think; perhaps I am not so learned, or have

planned so well as I thought."Slowly, he walked away.

As the night wind sighed through the pine tops, and the low notes of the whipoorwill came up from the "bottoms,"the old man walked slowly into the house, whispering to himself, "Yes; this life,

and then?"

A REMEDY FOR WORRY.

"Ah, neighbor,"said one farmer, dolefully, to another, "how unfortunate you and I have been! I've done nothing but fret ever

since our potatoes were destroyed by that untimely frost. But

how's this?"he asked in amazement,—"you seem to have a fine,

healthy crop coming up now."

"Why, yes,"was the reply; "I planted those directly after I

found the first crop was destroyed."

"What! and they're coming up already?"

"Yes,, while you were fretting, I was working. I put off my

fretting till I'd mended the loss."

"Why, then, you've no need to fret at all."

"True, and that's the very reason why I don't!"

AN UNEXPECTED TESTIMONY TO THE

STRENGTH OF "MORMONISM."

BY JOSEPH W. M'MURRIN, OP THE FIRST COUNCIL OF SEVENTY.

In the year 1887, while engaged in missionary work in the city of Bristol, England, I attended a lecture delivered by the celebrated English infidel, Charles Bradlaugh. There was an

association in Bristol, called the Free Thinkers, and the lecture was delivered under their auspices. Among the prominent members of

this organization was a Mr. John W. White; it was at his solicitation that I attended the lecture. Mr. White had gained the warm

friendship of the "Mormon"missionaries, in the Bristol conference, by a very earnest and manly defense he made in behalf of the "Mormon"people as a whole, and their missionaries in particular, in answer to the false and dreadful accusations made against them by an apostate, William Jarman. Mr. White challenged Jarman to a public debate on the "Mormon"question, and

he defended our elders, and people, through the public press of the city. At the time Mr. White commenced his defense of the

Latterday Saints, it required considerable courage to speak in their favor. It was during the period known as the "crusade,"

and there were but few non-"Mormons,"at home or elsewhere, possessed of sufficient fortitude to defend the people who were at that time so universally spoken against. Mr. White made the missionaries welcome at his home, and treated them with the greatest

kindness. When he invited me to attend the Bradlaugh lecture,

I felt it was my duty to do so out of courtesy to him, and I had a desire as well to hear the noted lecturer. The title of the lecture

AN UNEXPECTED TESTIMONY. 369

was, "Is Christianity a Persecuting Religion?"The subject was

one that would readily attract a person engaged in missionary work.

At the appointed time, I found myself one of a large audience composed entirely of men. Mr. Bradlaugh proved to be a very

entertaining speaker, and commanded the strict attention of all present. The gentleman wasted no time on preliminaries, but at

once launched into the subject. It was evident from the very

start that he was well acquainted with the religious history of the world, so far as it in any way related to persecution. Before he

took his seat, he had made a terrible arraignment of more than one religious denomination. He portrayed in graphic, touching,

and telling language, many of the dark and damning deeds of the

Inquisition. The dreadful massacre of St. Bartholomew, and other

heartless and murderous deeds, that had stained with a blackness that cannot be erased, some of the pages of the religious history of mankind. He also proved that the great Mother church did

not stand alone in deeds of blood. It was shown that some of the

Protestant churches, when in full power, were ready to lay an iron hand upon those who differed from them in belief, and that they also had not hesitated to imbue their hands in the blood of their fellows. Mr. Bradlaugh presented evidence that established

beyond all question the fact that the sects of Christendom, in the past, had frequently given way to a spirit of hatred and persecution entirely at variance with what the spirit of Christianity is understood to be.

While I sat listening to the story that was related, I could not help noticing that in all that was said, not one word from the scriptures justifying persecution had been produced. No act

of either Jesus or his apostles was referred to as permitting persecution. It had been proven that the sects had persecuted each

other, but no proof had been advanced tending to show that the gospel of Jesus Christ had aught in it of a persecuting character.

At the close of the lecture, a young man by the name of Proctor arose, and asked the following questions:

In the early days of Christianity, were not the converts few in number, and drawn generally from the ranks of the common people; and

370 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

were they not entirely without power or influence in the affairs of the government?

Mr. Bradlaugh.—Yes.

it not also true, that against this handful of people Mr. Proctor.—Is

there was arrayed the great Roman Empire, with its soldiers, civil officers and other powers; and in addition to this, the religious bigotry and

hatred of the people, especially of the Jews; all combined in a determined effort to destroy the Christian church?

bitterly opposed. Mr. Bradlaugh.—They were

the growth of the Christian church, in the Mr. Proctor.—Does not

face of such deadly opposition, from a government possessed of such unbounded and overwhelming power, prove that the gospel story is true, and that the early Christians were preserved by some supernatural power that was more potent than even the mighty empire of Rome?

I thought Mr. Proctor had propounded a question that could

not be easily answered. I was all attention when Mr. Bradlaugh

gave the following reply:

The growth of the early Christian Church in the face of hatred, opposition, and overwhelming numbers was not as remarkable as the growth of the "Mormon"Church in America, under similar conditions.

Will you say, because of this extraordinary success, that God has been with the "Mormon"people?

As Mr. Bradlaugh took his seat, a ripple of laughter passed

over the audience, and Mr. Proctor sat down in considerable embarrassment. It was evident from the reply, that Mr. Bradlaugh

was unable to account for the wonderful preservation of the early

Christian church. He dodged the question, by hiding behind the

mountain of prejudice which he.knew existed against the Latterday Saints; feeling sure, no doubt, that no one in his audience

would for a moment admit that God had been with the "Mormon"people.

The history of the world abundantly proves that whenever a very strong power has made war upon a very weak power, the latter has been destroyed.

The two most notable exceptions to this general rule is found in the history of the primitive Christian church, and in the history of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Both flourished and gained strength in the face of the opposition of the

AN UNEXPECTED TESTIMONY. 371

mightiest forces that could be arrayed against them. Writers on

Christian evidences point to the vitality of the early church as one of the most remarkable proofs of Divine favor. That history has

a parallel in these latter times in the followers of Joseph Smith.

The cry of the Saints today, as in the past, in the face of mobbings, drivings, plunder and death, is the same as it was anciently:

"Peace on earth, good will to men."This spirit of forbearance is

a strong testimony that God is with the "Mormon"people. The

unbelief of Mr. Bradlaugh and his audience does not alter this

glorious truth.

MY FLOWER OF LOVE.

WRITTEN FOR THE ERA.

bliss When life was young,—its promises of

Held, as it were, within my one slim hand,

I gaily gave my kingdom for a kiss,

And planted Love's fair seed in shining sand.

The sun filtered among the crystals, and the grains

Of sand appeared to me as virgin gold.

And summer sent her gentle, pattering rains,

Until Love's leaf appeared above the mold.

Ah, how I watched it! How I nursed the shoot

Of tender green, as mothers 'fend their young;

And dug with care about the weakling root;

And how my hopes upon its budding hung!

And how I wept when floods of bitterness

Washed from the plant the shifting sands away;

And autumn winds, searing and pitiless,

Laid bare the shriveled roots for swift decay.

372 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"My love is gone,"I cried, and hid my face,

Straightway refusing to be comforted:

"Life holds no more of her highcrowning grace,

Nor hope, nor joy for planting, in its stead!"

Blinded by grief, stormbeaten, bruised, dismayed,

Broken by suffering, I turn to hide

My disappointment in the solitude,

As wounded roe upon the mountain sida.

Deep in the virgin forest's dim recess,

I lean my head upon a cold, hard stone;

Arrest my footsteps in the wilderness,

And take no note of how the time has flown.

When lo! within a crevice of the rock,

Chiseled by time, and watered by my tears,

Amid disintegrated stone and moss,

A miracle of miracles appears.

My plant of love! strong, tender, verdant, blessed;

Blooming and fragrant, beautiful as heaven;

Deeprooted, mountainshielded, windcaressed!

New lease of life, with thee, my flower, is given.

IN THE FOOTSTEPS OF THE FATHERS.

BY FRANK Y. TAYLOR, PRESIDENT OF THE GRANITE

STAKE OF ZION.

The integrity of the early Latterday Saints, in remaining true to the gospel when a crucial test came, has always strengthened my faith; and I wonder if the boys fully appreciate the integrity of our parents. I desire to call the attention of our young

people to a few incidents that have come under my observation, and the reasons why these people remained true.

There was a young man living in one of the villages of Sweden who had grown to manhood and was a respected member of his father's family, and an honored member among the young people of the village. He had received a liberal education, and finally

secured a lucrative position in a nearby city. He had not been

located long in the city until he was a recognized leader among the young people of the place. As he was walking down the

street one evening, he was attracted into a building where some "Mormon"elders were preaching the gospel. He was so impressed with the truth of what he had listened to that he invited

one of the elders to his room, investigated further, and finally accepted the truth, was baptized, had the hands of the elders laid upon him, and received the Holy Ghost. When he received this

witness for himself, he was so overjoyed that he could not rest until he had persuaded one of the elders to go with him to his father's home, and to take the glad tidings to those he loved best on earth.

One cold, stormy day, the new convert and the elder started for the home of this young man who was delighted at the thought that his dear parents were going to receive the truth. He told

374 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the elder that he had one of the most honorable fathers, a kind and loving mother, brothers and sisters that he loved, and what a welcome they would receive when they arrived; there would be a

warm fire to dry their wet clothes, and a choice supper would be cooked by mother; and he told how glad all would be to receive

them; and, best of all, they would receive the gospel.

Finally they arrived, cold, wet and hungry, but this was soon forgotten in the hearty reception they received. After the first

greetings were over, they gathered around the warm fire, and the delighted mother was soon busy in the kitchen preparing the evening meal, and savory odors soon permeated the room. The young

man was so overjoyed at the prospect of his parents receiving the gospel that he could not wait for supper to be served, or for them to get their wet clothes dried; but, being filled with that

happiness that a knowledge of the gospel brings, told his father that his companion was a "Mormon"elder, and that he himself had accepted the gospel, and had brought the elder to bring the glad tidings to those he loved best on earth. But what a change

those simple words produced! The father arose from his chair,

called his wife and family around him, and said, "There is the boy we have doted on; the one we have looked upon to bring honor to

his father's household; and, instead, he has brought shame and

disgrace upon us."Then walking to the door, he opened it; and,

pointing to the storm outside, he said: "My son, we all love you;

we have looked forward with pleasure to the honor you would add to our name; but choose ye between the love of father, mother,

brothers and sisters, the fireside of your youth and your honorable name, and this detestable religion, the storm and the night, and the casting of you out from our hearts and our homes!"

The young man looked for sympathy, but the same cold stare met him from each one present, and he was stunned and chilled to his heart. Then came upon him the many happy scenes of his

youth, the love of father, mother, and all the tender ties of home;

but, with tears in his eyes, and a lump in his throat, he buttoned his coat, put on his hat, and walked out into the night, an outcast from all that he loved best on earth.

Why did the young man make this kind of a choice? Was he

not human? Did he not love father, mother, brothers and sisters,

IN THE FOOTSTEPS OF THE FATHERS. 375

and home? Why did he not say to that elder; "I was mistaken;

there must be something wrong with a religion that will cause a person's loved ones to forsake him, and I prefer the love and honor of my home."But he did not do that, and the reason he did not,

was because of that testimony that burned into his very being, and compelled him to admit that the gospel was true, and he could not deny it.

His employer, learning that he had joined the Church, discharged him. His friends and companions no longer recognized

him as they met him on the street. Why was this? Changes

were taking place with other people. Many joined the Catholic,

Presbyterian, and other religions, and their friends did not forsake them. Why should his forsake him, because he joined the "Mormons?"and, at this stage, why did he not turn back? He remembered the saying of the Savior: "He that will not forsake father

and mother,"etc., and the testimony remained with him, and he

remained true to the faith.

The experience of this young man has been, more or less, the experience of hundreds and thousands of others who have embraced this peculiar faith. Men and women have been honored members

of society in the home, village, or city, in which they lived; a

"Mormon"elder came along, they accepted the truth, and the same change takes place as with the young man; their former

friends now hate them. Many have thought that when they

moved to America they could worship as they chose; but they were

sadly mistaken, and you know how our parents were driven from

Kirtland to Independence, Far West, and from Nauvoo, and other localities, all for this same faith that burned in their bosoms.

I recently listened to a brother tell of his experience, as a boy, being driven, with his parents, from Far West. His parents

were among the last to leave that illfated place. The mob attacked their home while his mother was in confinement, and as

the bullets whistled through the building, he, a little barefooted boy of seven years, shivered with fright under the bed. After a

parley with the mob, the father agreed to move on as soon as his wife's health would permit, which they did.

All that was left from the ravages of the mob, was an old blind horse, which the father hitched to an old cart. The box of

376 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the cart was filled with cob corn; a little sister was placed in the

cart; the father led the horse; the mother, with the new baby in

her arms, followed on foot, and the little barefooted boy clung to the skirts of his mother; and thus through the snow they started

on their long journey. When evening came, they made a fire,

roasted a few ears of corn, and, with any wild game that was killed during the day, they ate their evening meal; morning came, more

roasted corn; another day's tramp through the snow! He said:

"Well do I remember the sores coming on mother's feet, how she suffered from cold; and thus, day after day, we wended our way to

Nauvoo."This is one instance among many others that befell our fathers and mothers. Did this man not love his family? Why did he not

say to the mob: "I will be one of you; I will join some other religion; I have had enough of Joseph Smith and "Mormonism,"and I

want peace and some place to relieve the suffering of my family?"

But he did not, and the reason he did not was that he knew Joseph Smith was a prophet of God, and that "Mormonism"is true.

And did this family get rest when they arrived at Nauvoo? Yes;

for a season, and then mob violence broke forth in greater fury.

They were again driven.

Colonel Thomas L. Kane, in a lecture upon the exodus of the

Saints from Nauvoo, before the Historical Society of Pennsylvania, says:

The people of Iowa have told me that,from morning to night they passed westward like an endless procession. They did not seem greatly

out of heart, they said; but at the top of every hill, before they disappeared, were to be seen looking back, like banished Moors, on their abandoned homes and the farseen temple and its glittering spire. * * *

What became of the driven Mormons? Where were they? They had

last been seen, carrying in mournful train their sick and wounded, halt and blind, to disappear behind the western horizon, pursuing the phantom of another home. Hardly anything else was known of them; and

people asked with curiosity, what had been their fate—what their fortune.

As this band of sick and destitute followers of this peculiar faith looked upon this beautiful city of their own making; as they

beheld the ripening grain reaching out as far as the eye could see,

IN THE FOOTSTEPS OF THE FATHERS. 377

the orchards loaded with fruit, the comfortable homes they themselves had erected, and the beautiful temple crowning it all; as they

looked upon it for the last time, and then contemplated their future, the phantom in the west, a desert, infested with wild animals and savage men, why did not their hearts fail them, and why did they not abandon this religion and return to the city of Nauvoo to become one with the world, and live in peace? The reason is

the same as given by the young man, as he left his father's home;

they knew this work was true; and, come life or death, their lot

must be cast with the people of God.

You all know the history of the trials of our people from

Nauvoo to the valley, and how nobly they stood the test; how they

redeemed a desert and made it blossom as the rose.

Do the young people appreciate it all? Do we know what it

cost? Were our parents mistaken? Were they following a phantom? Is this religion true? You young men answer this for

yourselves. What are we going to do to repay them for the work

they have done for us? I am happy to say, I had a father who

passed through the trials of pioneer "Mormonism,"and if he were here, and I should ask him what I could do to repay him for all he had done for me, I know what he would say: "My son, I want you to

become conversant with the arts and sciences of the world, but above all things, I want you to be an humble and true Latterday

Saint, following after the faith of your father."

I do not know what the youth of Israel intend to do, but I pray the Lord that he will bless you and me with sufficient faith, so that, should a test come to us, we will not falter, but be found following in the footsteps of our fathers.

GROWTH OF THE CHURCH.

BY RUDGER CLAWSON, OF THE QUORUM OF THE TWELVE

APOSTLES.

Passing about among the Saints, in their settlements, in the midst of the mountains, I often wonder whether the work of God and his purposes are deeply comprehended by them; whether the

young men, who are apparently bent on obtaining the riches of this world, and its pleasures above all things else, really ever stop to consider the "marvelous work and a wonder"which the Lord is pushing and sustaining in spite of all indifference or opposition from men in or out of the Church. Truly, the promises are being

fulfilled. The work is something out of the ordinary. It is attracting attention in the world, in wonderful fulfillment of the

revelations of God.

In the beginning of this dispensation, the Lord said to the

Prophet Joseph Smith, concerning the Church, on the day it was organized, in Fayette, Seneca Co., New York, April 6, 1830:

The gates of hell shall not prevail against you; yea, and the Lord

God will disperse the powers of darkness from before you, and cause the heavens to shake for your good, and his name's glory.

This promise was based upon the condition that the people would listen to their leader, the Prophet, or whoever might be called to occupy his place, and give heed unto all his words and commandments which he should give to them as they were received from the Father. This promise was given on the day when the

Church corporation numbered six and its membership was only about nine.

The Lord desired to impress his people with the fact that,

GROWTH OF THE CHURCH. 379

though small in numbers, the Church should be built up—not by

the power of man, but by the power of the Holy Ghost, and that no officer or member in the Church should take the honor for the growth thereof. The Lord would set up this kingdom to be cut

as a stone out of the mountain, without hands, to roil forth and fill the whole earth; and while the Lord was to do this, the instrument of his use would be man.

These predictions have come to pass. From that day unto

the present, the Church has spread in all the regions round about, and has spread also to foreign nations, and all this while Satan moved the very powers of earth and air to destroy it.

Watch its growth in Kirtland, in Jackson county, in Nauvoo, in the desert, and in the Western states, where, amid unmentioned trials and tribulations, the people founded a commonwealth in the wilderness. The people, too, have been driven to do the mighty and

marvelous work which God had outlined and determined for them.

At times, their fate excited little interest in the country through and from which they were driven, and many of their enemies hoped that that which God had set up would cease to be a factor in the world, and that the Church of Jesus Christ would disappear; but

lo! only a few years ps ssed, and the enemies of the Church awakened suddenly to the wonder which their astonished eyes beheld

when they gazed out over the plains to the Rocky Mountains, and asked themselves the questions: "What great commonwealth is

this? Who are these that have established themselves so firmly

in the chambers of the mountains?"

From this small beginning of members at the organization in 1830, today we find that the Church has increased until in Canada; one in Oregon;there are fifty stakes of Zion—one

three in Wyoming; eight in Idaho; one in Colorado; four in Arizona;

one in Mexico; and thirtyone in Utah; besides fourteen great misin the Eastern states; one in the Northern states; onesions—one

in the Southern states; one in the Northwestern states; one in the

Southwestern states; one in California; one in Colorado; one in

Australia; one in New Zealand; one in the Hawaiian Islands; one in

the Sandwich Islands; one in the Society Islands; and one great

mission comprehending several nations in Europe, besides one that has lately been opened in Japan.

380 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

From these driven and persecuted exiles has grown a people numbering 260,000 souls, in the organized stakes of Zion, and 50,000 souls, in the missions, making in all a great concourse of people numbering 310,000, in which is included 85,000 children under eight years of age—a mighty host that will be trained as

members of the Church of Christ.

This host of people is officered by a body of men bearing the holy of the First Presidency, twelve Apostles, priesthood—three

two hundred Patriarchs, 6,800 High Priests, 9,730 Seventies, 20,- 000 Elders, a total who bear the Melchisedek priesthood of 36,- 745; while 25,700 bear the Lesser priesthood, making a grand

total of those who hold the priesthood of God, of 62,445.

In addition to these are the auxiliary organizations of the

Church: 30,150 members of the Relief Societies; 10,000 officers

and 115,000 members of the Sunday Schools; 28,000 members of

the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations; 25,000 members of the Young Ladies'Associations; 4,000 officers and 32,000

members of the Primary Associations, with about 20,000 who belong to the Religion Classes: making a total of 264,150 belonging

to these auxiliary organizations.

Temporally these people are thriving and prospering—building

new cities and homes, and establishing themselves in the financial world as well as in the world of art and science. The Latterday

Saints own 20,000 farms, 18,000 of which are free from mortgages and incumbrances; and ninety per cent of the whole Church own

and occupy their own homes, while the average of those who own their homes in the United States is something like five per cent.

Surely, in contemplating this growth, all men must acknowledge that a "marvelous work and a wonder"has been performed, and that what the Lord said to Joseph Smith and Sidney Rigdon on one occasion, has so far come to pass: "There is no weapon that

is formed against you which shall prosper, and if any man lift his voice against you, he shall be confounded in my own due time."

This work is still growing, and at the head of the organization today, as much as when the Church was founded in 1830 with six souls, there stands a prophet, seer and revelator, bearing the same wonderful power and authority which was delivered to

GROWTH OF THE CHURCH. 381

the Prophet Joseph Smith, as recorded in the Doctrine and Covenants:

Wherefore meaning the Church, thou shalt give heed unto all his words and commandments which he shall give unto you as he receiveth them, walking in all holiness before me;

For his word ye shall receive, as if from mine own mouth, in all patience and faith.

How great is the responsibility that comes to the Latterday

Saints with these words! and how great the responsibility upon

those who are called upon to be presidents of these fifty stakes of called with a solemn calling and a greatZion—men who have been

appointment to preside over the interests of the Saints! They

should be quick to hear the word of God, and zealous to impart that word to their people. And no less upon the Bishops of the

watch562 wards in the Church, does this responsibility rest—to

over the precious souls in their wards; to give counsel, to direct

their labors, and to be interested in all things that pertain to the welfare of the people, in that no evil shall exist in their midst.

They should be the first to observe that which is wrong, and should be swift to raise their voices against the wrongdoer, albeit in the spirit of the gospel, that all evil may be rooted out from the hearts of the Saints, so that the Church may more speedily progress towards its glorious destiny.

'SOWING WILD OATS."

BY L. L. GREENE RICHARDS.

Yes, boys, you are young, and you have a just right

To live lives of freedom and ceaseless delight;

No one should hamper your glad, happy ways,

Nor darken, with careclouds, your bright, sunny days.

Good laughter, a healthy condition promotes;

So, have your own fun, boys, and "sow your wild oats."

382 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

But, while you are passing thus gaily along,

Remember, dear boys, you've no right to do wrong.

Don't place yourselves subject to shame or distrust,

By being unyielding, rash, vain and unjust;

Don't swindle each other in exchange of coats,

Nor swear, drink nor gamble, while sowing wild oats.

Speak not of "The Gov'nor,""Old Man,"or such—

And your cannot respect her too much; mother!—you

Sin not 'gainst your elders by action or tongue, live, you'll not always be young; But think—if you

Down the swift tide of time, each unconsciously floats,

So, be wise, kind, and gentle, while sowing wild oats.

Ne'er think that to work is degrading or low;

If no wheat is planted, there'll be none to grow.

Ne'er officiously scramble your bread to secure

From the humble who toil, the industrious poor;

Nor be guilty of venturing illegal votes;

Be honest and pure, though you're sowing wild oats.

Some trusting, young, fair one, as lovethoughts may flit,

May fancy your style, or be charmed by your wit;

Don't think that to please her, or merely for sport,

You'll make some pretentions to love and to court;

Don't woo to deceive her, with words or with notes,

To take refuge in pleas that you're sowing wild oats.

Seek fame if you will, with the mallet or pen,

But lay your foundations for good, worthy men;

And build thereupon noble structures and fine,

Walking straight in the way of the Master divine;

O'ercoming, at last, all the beams and the motes

Which cloud the best vision while sowing wild oats.

SOME LEADING EVENTS IN THE CURRENT

STORY OF THE WORLD.

BY DR. J. M. TANNER, SUPERINTENDENT OF CHURCH SCHOOLS.

The Situation in the Philippines.

The last month has witnessed abundant and sometimes bitter discussion, both in Congress and in the press, respecting our rights and duties in the Philippines. Governor Taft, our highest civil

authority, has returned to the United States and made reports of conditions as he sees them, and it is quite generally believed that he and General Chaffee are not in fullest accord. We have a very

peculiar condition in the Philippines. We have an army there

putting down guerilla warfare, and a general establishing military rules for the guidance of the soldiers and the regulation of the communities that are under martial law. We have civil authorities

striving to organize a civil government. Why the United States

has not adopted a procedure in the Philippines similar to that which it has adopted in Cuba, it is not easy to understand. General

Wood, in Cuba, has given general satisfaction, both as military and civil governor of that island. General Chaffee and Governor Taft

< seems, would haveare both men of eminent ability, and either, it been thoroughly competent to deal with the situation in the Philippines. Reports as to the violent disagreement of our authorities

there must certainly be received with some allowance. The situation is, however, described by a correspondent of the London

Chronicle as amusing. He says:—"The civil commission is proceeding as if the natives were the most docile people in the world,

and sending its employees to the most remote corners of the islands, where there are no military posts. The militarv are silent,

but have issued strict orders that no soldiers shall appear on the 384 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

streets of the most pacified towns unarmed; and the outposts shall

be strengthened, and vigilance increased in every way."

The Senate of the United States has been busily occupied with the tariff measure sent up to that body from the House of

Representatives. The House bill provides that the United States

collect on all articles imported into this country from the islands the same tariff that is provided in the Dingley bill, thus treating the Filipinos as foreigners in the matter of commercial relations, except that the tariff collected is to be returned to the islands for the administration of government and the improvement of the people. In the islands, the tariff schedule prepared by the civil

commission is to remain unchanged, and the open door for all the markets of Europe prevails in the Philippines. The Senate has

recently proposed an amendment of twentyfive per cent below the schedule fixed by the House. One of the reasons for maintaining

a tariff policy with the Philippines; that is, putting other countries

on the same footing as the United States, is that the United States is now demanding that the open door policy be maintained in China.

Russia is almost as completely in control of the vast province of

Manchuria, as the United States is of the Philippines, and it is our policy not to give Russia any pretext for discriminating against us in Manchuria. Manchuria is today one of the best fields in the

Orient for the commerce of the United States. It is said that

that Chinese province alone furnishes more than threefourths of all our markets in China.

The question of what is to be done with the Philippines not only gives rise to our embarrassment in dealing with the natives of those islands, but affords abundant material for discussion at home.

No doubt, many shrewd Filipinos think that the United States hardly knows what it is about, and that our policy may shift at any time, and thus make possible absolute independence. President Schurman; of Cornell University, chairman of the first commission appointed to the Philippines, in a recent address at Boston,

declared that it should be the policy of the United [States to announce and grant complete and absolute independence to the

Filipinos as soon as conditions in that country would justify it. On

the other hand, Representative Cannon in the House announced in a most dramatic manner that we are in the Fhilippines "to remain

CURRENT S10RY OF THE WORLD. 385

forever and a day."The Democrats in Congress have formulated

and announced their policy with respect to the Philippines; and, as

the natural tendency of their policy, on the one side, is to consolidate, it follows that the Republicans, on the other side, are more than likely to announce the policy of permanent occupation. The

five political declarations of the Democratic party are here given in full.

(1) That the United States relinquish all claim to sovereignty over the Philippines, subject to the provisions hereinafter set forth. (2) That

from and after the passage of this act, the Philippine Islands shall be foreign territory, and all goods entering the United States therefrom shall be subject to the same duties, customs, and imposts, as are now, or may be hereafter, prescribed by law for goods entered from other foreign countries; provided, that during the temporary occupation of the

islands all trade between them and the United States shall te free. (3)

That the United States shall continue to occupy the archipelago until the

Filipinos have formed for themselves a stable government, and until sufficient guarantees have been obtained for the performance of our treaty obligations with Spain, and for the safety of those inhabitants who have adhered to the United States. (4) That as soon as these results have

been accomplished, it is declared to be the purpose of the United States to withdraw from the Philippines, and leave the government thereof to the inhabitants, retaining only such military, naval, and coaling stations as may be designated by the Government of the United States.

The Democrats will find a large number of sympathizers among the Republicans; though party discipline may minimize the number

of those who would otherwise be willing to join the Democratic party in the announced program. It will not, then, be surprising if

permanent occupation is announced by one party and temporary occupation by the other. If, however, the Democrats mean by temporary occupation of the Philippines what the English mean by the

temporary occupation of Egypt, it will be a long time, in any event, before we get out of the Philippines.

Cuba and the Tariff.

Considerable interest is manifest in Utah over the proposed revision of the sugar schedule in our tariff law. At present we

are collecting about $1.68 per hundred on imported sugar. Cuba

386 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

cannot pay a bounty as Germany and France are doing; and the

tariff, therefore, becomes practically a barrier to Cuban sugar.

The same is largely true of our tariff on Cuban tobacco. As the

United States is practically the only market in the world for Cuban sugar, the prosperity of that island is very largely dependent upon our tariff policy. The friends of the revision say we have imposed

upon the island a sort of protectorate; we have compelled her

people to accept the conditions we imposed upon Cuba, and we are now in honor bound to maintain a liberal commercial attitude toward her. It is insisted that Cuba may be as unfortunate in her

present commercial bondage to the United States as she was in her political bondage to Spain. It has been generally thought that

Congress would reduce the tariff something like twentyfive per cent. That would make a difference of fortytwo cents on the

hundred. It is difficult to see just how this could effect our own

sugar interests. At the new rates, we should be bound to pay

practically the same for Cuban sugar that we now pay for our own, so the price to the consumer would not be materially less than it is today. This is due to the fact that between seven and eight

hundred thousand tons of sugar are annually imported from Europe;

and Cuba and Hawaii send us about one million tons. The United

States produces something like four hundred and fifty thousand tons. Of this amount one hundred and seventyfive thousand tons

is beet sugar and two hundred and seventyfive thousand cane sugar. It will be seen from these figures that the United States

produces somewhere about onefifth of its consumption. No doubt,

in time, this country will increase its consumption per capita of sugar; since, today, it consumes something like twenty pounds per

person less than England.

Zionism.

Zionism is growing, and, if we can believe the reports of its friends its influences are extending beyond the effort to colonize the Holy Land. It now contemplates, in its latest phase, a rehabilitation, or at least an improvement, of Jewish character and

Jewish life. Zionism is insisting that preparation be made by the

Jews to reclaim the land of their fathers. As a result, it is said

that missionary work has been inaugurated, that the filth of the

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 387

Ghettos, the quarters of the Jews in the great cities, is to be cleaned out, that learning is to be more modern and to meet the present demands of civilization and human progress. An effort

will be made to remove the petty differences and bickerings in religious matters, and unite the Jews upon a common basis of belief. From the last conference at Basle, it was reported that

$3,000,000 out of the proposed $10,000,000 had been paid in to the trust fund, and steps would soon be taken to purchase land in

Palestine for new colonies.

The Boers.

Reports were sent out last month from German correspondents in South Africa to the effect that the conduct of the English soldiers toward Boer women in the concentration camps was most shameful and cruel, and some of the German illustrated papers presented the reports in cartoons that reflect upon the honor and chivalry of the English soldier. This aroused a spirit of intense

indignity throughout England, and the reports were promptly denied. The Germans have been taking their revenge on the

English during the Boer war. They have not forgotten how England was constantly misrepresting conditions between France and

Germany, and apparently agitating these hostile nations to conflict.

For years, Germany and England have been engaged in a newspaper warfare that has resulted in strong national prejudices, that sometimes assume the character of hatred.

China* Since the return of the Emperor of China and the Empress

Dowager to Pekin, rumors have been circulated about the breaking down of the health of the Empress Dowager. Her days, it is

said, are nearing an end, and speculations are rife as to what will happen to China when left to a weak and vacillating boy who now occupies the throne. The Empress Dowager has taken great

pains to impress the world that China is quite willing to submit to certain foreign demands, and grant concessions and franchises to the commercial world now at work in exploiting China's greatest resources. Millions are flowing annually both from this country

and Europe to the enterprises now in progress in China.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

THE BETTER WAY.

It is conceded that small matters make up the sum of life;

that attention to trifles is the safeguard to business; and that if

the little virtues are regarded, the character is safe. These sayings are doubtless true; but there is, on the other hand, danger

that men may go to extremes in caution and care over little things; and forget, or neglect, the weightier matters of the law,

the great objects about us, the leading policies in business, and the more enduring virtues of existence.

It has been said that the average man who visits the valley of the Snake River returns with a more vivid recollection of the mosquitoes that have disturbed his rest, than of the sublimity of the sweeping river, the majesty of the Tetons, or the vastness of the distances and solitudes. It is human nature for men thus to

observe and remember some disagreeable little personal disadvantage rather than the grandeur of the more wonderful scenes about him. So also it appears to be human nature to think of

petty ills in all things, rather than of their greater and truly uplifting qualities. This disposition in people is a deplorable

characteristic, and young men who desire to advance to that perfection of character which insures the greatest happiness, should study to avoid this error. It is better to judge, in a general way,

people and great institutions by their achievements, in the main, and not by their small mistakes or errors committed.

One fruitful source of apostasy from the Church comes from an inclination on the part of those who apostatize to consider the small, mostly unintentionally committed errors of its oflicers,

EDITORS TABLE. 389

rather than the broader and more important labors which enter into their experience. Young men so inclined turn from the

infinite truths of the gospel, the mighty plan of salvation, the eternal purposes of God, to carp and cavil upon the insignificant actions and the imperfect achievements of men, judging the inspiring magnitude of the former by the disagreeable and tiresome detail of the latter. Many of the serious annoyances of communal

life among the Saints would be obliterated entirely if men would search for the great and noble aspirations actuating their neighbors, rather than for the imperfect sidelights that lay bare their puny shortcomings. Those who wish to advance in the world will

avoid souldestroying, mindnarrowing thoughts, and devote the days alotted to them, which, it will be found are none too numerous, in studying the greater, nobler, grander subjects that tend to build character, provide happiness, and create harmony with the mighty purposes of the Church and its founder, the Lord

Jesus Christ.

Let us estimate our brethren by their best desires and noblest aspirations, not by their trifling shortcomings and failures. We

estimate the majesty of the Wasatch by Monte Christo, Baldy,

Observatory, the mighty Cottonwoods, Clayton, Timpanogos, and loftiest peaks,—not by its rolling elevations or hillockyNebo,—its

spurs, rocky ravines or trifling canyons. So also let us judge our

fellows, and so the Church. It is the better way.

Instead of always dwelling upon petty thoughts, young men would better gaze often toward the mighty heights to which the

Church points its members, and ponder upon its unfailing efforts to elevate mankind, enrich humanity, solve vexatious social problems, and lead the way to life eternal. These are its riches to which all

should aspire; not that detail is unnecessary or to be neglected,

but that we should not so let it blind us that the beauty, grandeur and glory of the perfect whole is thereby obscured to our vision.

There are men who so persistently delve for the dollar that power or wisdom for its use and enjoyment dies out in their souls. So

also is it possible that continually seeking trifles, we may check the natural development of faculties that assist us to comprehend the sublimity of the universe, as well as the sweet truths hidden in the scriptural sayings: The soul thirsts for God; blessed are

390 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

they who hunger and thirst for righteousness; the pure in heart

shall see God. Joseph F. Smith.

PORTRAIT OF GOVERNOR VAUGHN.

The Era presents, in this number, the portrait of Vernon H

Vaughn of Alabama, who succeeded Governor J. Wilson Shaffer,

and became the eighth governor of the territory of Utah on

November 1, 1870, though it was nearly a month thereafter before he took charge of the office. He continued in office only until the

coming of Governor George L. Woods, his successor, who was

appointed on February 2, 1871. Governor Vaughn died in Sacramento, California, on Sunday, December 1, 1878.

ANNOUNCEMENT.

Several inquiries and communications have come to the editors, concerning "Answers to Questions"in No. 4, on the priesthood of Sidney Rigdon. An article in reply is in preparation, and

will be printed in an early issue of the Era.

"Some Features of Japanese Life,"an interesting, worthy, and perfectly accurate account of conditions encountered in a home in Japan, written by Elder Alma 0. Taylor, missionary, will

be a feature of the April number, and there will be a variety of other entertaining and instructive reading.

ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS.

Relating to Degrees of Glory:

This question is from the Third ward Y. M. M. I. Association

of Brigham City, through its president, Norman Lee, and is ansEDITOR'S TABLE. 391

wered by Elder John Nicholson. Similar questions have come from

a number of other associations.

Question:—Will those who inherit thetelestial glory ever attain to

the celestial? That is: is it possible, in the hereafter, for any resurrected being to so live that he will be entitled to and receive the glory

higher than that to which he shall be assigned immediately after his resurrection?

will first consider the status of the intelligences Answer:—We

who will inherit the three eternal spheres after the resurrection.

The information is principally obtainable from the 76th section of the book of Doctrine and Covenants:

The celestial:—55. They are they into whose hands the Father has

given all things 56. They are they who are Priests and Kings, who have received

of his fullness, and of his glory, 57. And are Priests of the Most High, after the order of Melchisedek, which was after the order of Enoch, which was after the order of

the Only Begotten Son;

58. Wherefore, it is written, they are Gods, even sons of God: 62.********These shall dwell in the presence of God and his Christ for

ever.

Section 131: 1. In the celestial glory there are three heavens or

degrees: 2. And in order to obtain the highest, a man must enter into this

order of the priesthood; (meaning the new and everlasting covenant of

marriage;) 3. And if he does not, he cannot obtain it.

4. He may enter into the other, but that is the "end of his kingdom.

are they who receive of his glory, but not Terrestrial:—76. These

of his fullness.

77. These are they who receive of the presence of the Son, but not

of the fullness of the Father;

These are they who receive not of his fullness in the eternal world, but of the Holy Spirit (verse 87.) Through the administration of the

celestial.

These are they who receive not of his fullness in Telestial:—86.

the eternal world, but of the Holy Spirit through the administration of the terrestrial.

392 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

112. And they shall be servants of the Most High, but where God

and Christ dwell they cannot come, worlds without end.

Now, put a portion of the statements of the status of the two higher classes together.

priests and kings, who have The Celestial:—They are they who are

received of his fullness and of his glory. * * * These

shall dwell in the presence of God and his Christ forever.

The Terrestrial: These are they who receive of his glory, but not

of his fullness. They receive of the presence of the Son but not of the

fullness of the Father. * * * These are they

who receive not of his fullness in the eternal world.

that those who are asDeductions:—Terrestrial—It appears

signed to the Terrestrial sphere, after the resurrection do not attain in eternity to the conditions existing in the Celestial degree.

fixes the eternal permanency of Telestial—The following

the assignment of this class: "Where God and Christ dwell they

cannot come: worlds without ends."They, therefore, cannot go to

the sphere next above it, as it has the "presence of the Son."

I am unable to find any direct statement in the revelations indicating that the inhabitants of either of the two lower spheres will graduate to the one above it. There are, however, some decided expressions in the other direction. These lead to the conclusion that the negative of the question is correct.

Doubtless the eternal spheres to which the children of God will be assigned after the resurrection will be their final habitations, and that in them they will have all the scope for progress their capacity will enable them to economize.

Having presented the statements of divine revelation I now express what appears to be its logic: If there be graduation from

one degree of glory to another, the highest would be within the possibilities of the lowest, who would be traveling toward the

Godhead. This elevation is barred to the telestial population

"Worlds without end."

Logically this would likewise be the position of the inhabitants of the, terrestrial, otherwise the situation would beunsymetrical, not to say unjust, the theory of graduation being built upon the eternally progressive nature of man.

EDITORS TABLE. 393

If there be graduation from, the lower to the higher spheres, there must, to render the situation consistent, be graduation within the degrees to the highest point of exaltation. The divine fiat,

expressed in the quotation from section 131, is against it. If the

barrier applies to two classes within the celestial degree, it certainly must also be applicable to all beneath them. The subject

is of such a character that one break in the line of progressive climbing through one degree of glory to another is fatal to the theory that the inhabitants of the lower are transferable to the higher degrees.

Were all the Unsealed Records of the Book of Mormon Translated?

A stake president asks the Era the following question, sent to him by a class teacher in his stake "What is meant by the unsealed portion of the plates of the

Book of Mormon, being delivered to the angel?"The enquirer

then adds: "It is generally supposed that all the unsealed portions were translated, but it seems they were not, from reading on

page 73, History of Joseph Smith."

The question is answered by Elder Matthias F. Cowley in

these quotations and comments:

Let us first give a description of the plates as found in Orson

Pratt's Works:*

These records were engraved on plates, which had the appearance of gold. Each plate was not far from seven to eight inches in width

and length, being not quite as thick as common tin. They were filled on

both sides with engravings in Egyptian characters, and bound together in a volume as the leaves of a book, and fastened at one edge with three rings running through the whole. This volume was something near six

inches in thickness, a part of which was sealed.

The characters or letters upon the unsealed part were small and beautifully engraved. The whole book exhibited many marks of antiquity in its construction as well as much skill in the art of engraving.

With the records was found a curious instrument, called by the ancients

"Remarkable Visions, page 6.

394 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the Urim and Thummim, which consisted of two transparent stones clear as crystal, set in the two rims of a bow. This was in use in ancient times

by persons called Seers. It was an instrument, by the use of which

they received revelation of things distant, or of things past or future.

Respecting the Urim and Thummim, it was also used in the translation of records, and was thus employed by the Prophet

Joseph in translating the Book of Mormon. The sealed part of the

record, the Prophet was informed was not to be translated and published to the world,at that time, but if the people who should receive the unsealed portion were faithful to the things contained therein, they should receive, in the due time of the Lord, the contents of the sealed record. The Savior said to the Jews: "There

is nothing covered that shall not be revealed; neither hid, that

shall not be known."(Luke xii, 2.) After obtaining the plates,

Joseph the Prophet copied a few characters and sent them by Martin Harris to Professor Anthon, who certified that they were genuine Egyptian. Then he asked Martin Harris to bring him the

plates, and he would translate them. When the latter informed

him that he could not do that, and that a portion of them were sealed, Professor Anthon answered with a jeer of contempt that he could not read "a sealed book"and thus, unwittingly, the learned man fulfilled the words found in Isaiah xxix.

After the Prophet had translated the unsealed plates and made ready the manuscript of the Book of Mormon, he returned the plates to the librarian and custodian of those sacred records the angel Moroni. Concerning this the Prophet Joseph writes:

At length the time arrived for obtaining the plates, the Urim and

Thummim, and the breastplate. On the 22nd day of September, 1827,

having gone as usual at the end of another year, to the place where they were deposited, the same heavenly messenger delivered them up to me with this charge, that I should be responsible for them; that if I

should let them go carelessly,'or through any neglect of mine, I should be cut off; but that if I would use all my endeavors to preserve them, until

he, the messenger, should call for them, they should be protected. I

soon found out the reason why I had received such strict charges to.

keep them safe, and why it was that the messenger had said, that when

I had done what was required at my hand, he would call for them; for

no sooner was it known that I had them, than the most strenuous exerEDITORS TABLE. 395

tions were used to get them from me; every stratagem that could be invented was resorted to for that purpose; the persecution became more

bitter and severe than before, and multitudes were on the alert continually to get them from me if possible; but, by the wisdom of God, they remained safe in my hands, until I had accomplished by them what was required at my hand. When, according to arrangements, the messenger

called for them, I delivered them up to him, and he nas them in his charge until this day, being the 2nd day of May, 1838.*

Thus was returned to the angel Moroni, all the plates, sealed and unsealed, which had been entrusted to the Prophet Joseph

Smith.

No other conclusion than that all the unsealed portions were translated can be drawn from the quotation above referred to (Cannon's Life of Joseph Smith). It reads:

After the work of translation was ended, Joseph recommitted his charge to the care of the angel of the record; and Moroni received it

back into his keeping, to bring forth the yet unsealed portions of it only when God shall so decree.

It is selfevident that the words, "the yet unsealed portions"have reference to the portions that were sealed.

NOTES.

Hurry not only spoils work, but spoils life, also. Lubbock.

Ignorance shuts its eyes and imagines it is right.

"Truth and justice are no protection against malice. Envy is blind

to all objects save other men's happiness."

Say what you will of the coldness and selfishness of men, at the last we long for companionship and the fellowship of our kind. We

are lost children, and when alone and the darkness begins to gather, we long for the close relationship of the brothers and sisters we knew in our childhood, and cry for the gentle arms that once rocked us to sleep.

Men are homesick amid this sad, mad rush for wealth, and place and power. The calm of the country invites and we would fain do with less

things, and go back to simplicity, and rest our tired heads in the lap of mother nature. Elbert Hubbard.

"Pearl of Great Price, pp. 67, 68.

IN LIGHTER MOOD.

Vain man tells his wife just how the government should settle the canal question, and has to hire a laborer to map out a"drain through his back yard. "I see the Boers won another victory. British forces were surprised

again.""That's funny. I should think they'd be used to it by this time."

Cincinnati Commercial Tribune.

Once upon a time a cat who prided herself on her wit and wisdom was prowling about the barn in search of food and saw a tail protruding from a hole.

"There is the conclusion of a rat,"she said.

Then she crept stealthily toward it until within striking distance, when she made a jump and reached it with her claws. Alas! it was not

the appendage of a rat, but the tail of a snake, who immediately turned and gave her a mortal bite.

is dangerous to jump at conclusions. Moral—It

Ethel—If ten men were to ask you to marry them, what would that

be? it be? Amy—What would

Ethel—A tender.

if one should ask you what would that be? Amy—And

Ethel—I don't know. What?

Amy—A wonder. London Fun.

"The late editor's wife is something of a humorist."

"Indeed?""Yes. Took a line from his original salutatory and placed it on his

tombstone."

"What was it?"

"'We are here to stay!'"

EVENTS OF THE MONTH.

BY THOMAS HULL, GENERAL SECRETARY OF Y. M. M. I. A.

Local—January 15—A suit was today begun to test the State Fish

and Game Law Moses Thatcher, and a party of Chicago business men, left yesterday for Old Mexico, with a view to purchasing 7,000 acres of land in the State of Oaxaca, for the raising of sugar and rubber

New appraisers have been appointed in the Peery estate, consisting of

Robert A. Moyes, Lee Gibson, and Joseph Parry 16—The

police committee of the City Council, refuse to concur in the Mayor's request for the removal of Chief Hilton M. and S. Krotki, of

Richfield, go into liquidation, assets, $22,000, liabilities, $24,000

The local office of special agent of the Rio Grande Western has been abolished, and will be transferred to Denver E. Mumford,

Dan Harrington, and D. Musser, appraised the value of President Snow's

estate at $15,401.38 17—It is announced that the Oregon Short

Line will extend its Tintic lines 18—The articles of incorporation! of the Commercial Club were adopted 19—Major Egan

will be detached from duty at Fort Douglas and go to the Philippines

A movement is set on foot in Salt Lake, towards enacting state law against cigarettes An attempt is made to quarantine Mayor William Glassman of Ogden, who exposed himself to smallpox in ordering the discharge of a victim in the city pest house Henry Golden, born England, Morch 27, 1831, died inNephi 20—The San Pedro

railroad elected directors: W. A. Clark, R. C. Kerrens, J. Ross Clark, T.

E. Gibbon, T. F. Miller, F. K. Rule, W. S. McCornick, Thomas Kearns,

Reed Smoot, E. W. Clark, Perry S. Heath and Ross W. Smith D. P.

Felt was reelected president of the Utah Press Association 21

Work on the OgdenLucin cutoff is to begin at once Thepreliminary examination of Peter Mortensen began before Judge Neilsen....

Dr. J. Henry Barrows of the Oberlin, Ohio, College spoke in Salt Lake....

B. Haywood was nominated for U. S. Marshal for Utah,22—Benjamin

398 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

by President Roosevelt, vice Glen Miller Senator Kearns and

Representative Sutherland introduce bills in the Senate and House providing for opening the Uintah Reserve Preliminary work began on the OgdenLucin cutoff 23—In reply to defendant's attorney

in the Hay murder case, James Sharp testified that God revealed to him that Mortensen was the murderer of Hay T. R. Cutler appears

before the House Committee in behalf of beet sugar interests

Amanda M. Pierce, came to Utah in 1848, died in Salem, Utah, age 92

years A company of Canadian editors are entertained in Salt

Lake by the State Press Association 24—The Utah Socialists charter is revoked by the National Committee Mary S.

Gates, aged 73, came to Utah in 1848, died last night in Salina, Sevier county. 25—Peter Mortensen was held without bail and committed to the custody of the sheriff, on decision of Judge Neilsen, for the

murder of John R. Hay 26—The temperature dropped to 4

degrees below Zero, and a very cold wave passed over the State

The Salt Lake Stake Y. M. M. I. A. held a conference at 2 p.m

Glassman was fined $10 in the Ogden Municipal27—Mayor William

Court for violation of the sanitary law in a smallpox case 28

The Senate confirmed the nomination of B. B. Heywood, U. S. Marshal

for Utah In 1901, $1,074,825 was spent in erecting 426 new buildings in Salt Lake City Albert Brown, born Connecticut,

November 13, 1807, Joined the Church in 1832, died in Mill Creek

P. Lindsay, age 78 years, a veteran of the Civil War, died in29—Henry

Salt Lake Patriotic exercises were held in all the public and private schools of the State in memory of William McKinley. Liberal

contributions to the memorial fund were made by the children who were

S. Bransford succeeds D.limited to five cents each 30—John

H. Peery, Jr, as president of the Salt Lake Mining Exchange 31

Utan dividends for January are $489,000; stock sales, 2,059,223 shares

for $1,091,045; ore and bullion settlements, $1,638,356 The

farmers of Cache Valley formed an association with Thomas Irvine,

Logan, president.

postal delivery began in Provo Mary February 1—Free

Taylor, an old lady, was burned to death in her home in Spanish Fork, and William Harkins, 50 years of age, it is feared perished in a blizzard calls on Presidentnear Gold Mountain 3—Senator Kearns

Roosevelt and urges the appointment of Col. A. B. Hayes, of Ogden, to

a federal judgship in Alaska Utah has 45 commissioned officers in the state militia, 483 enlisted men, and 28,023 available for military

Rio Grande gas plant in Ogden exploded, twoduty 4—The

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 3S0

firemen were badly hurt, and the loss of property is $5000

Gov. Wells issued a call for a convention of state irrigators, Feb. 26

Chief Hilton was sustained by the City Council, and he removes detective Geo. A. Sheets, and sargents Edgar M. Janney, and Peter C. Brown

of Hal C. Brown is fa- 5—Wayne Brown, a 11 year old son

tally injured by a street car while coasting in SaltLake 6

Emma Lucy Gates appeared in Boston and was highly praised by the musical critics 7—A. L. Thomas was by the Senate confirmed Postmaster of Salt Lake Insurance companies received

$1,250,000 from Utah in 1901, and the state about $27,000 in Ireland, and a resident of Ogden8—John Maguire, born June 22, 1838,

for 30 years, died 10—The Southern Pacific Railway officials definitely decided at a meeting in Salt Lake, that the OgdenLucin

cutoff will be built The Ministerial Association adopted a sensational resolution claiming that polygamy is still practiced in Utah ladies are in Washington in attend12—The following Utah

ance at the Woman's Suffrage Association which convened today. Mrs.

E. B. Wells, who represents the State, Miss Ann M. Cannon, Mrs. A. T.

Hyde, Mrs. Phoebe Y. Beatie, Mrs. Ida S. Dusenberry, MissAddie M. Cannon, Miss Maria Y. Dougal, Mrs. George S. Taylor, Mrs. C. S. Burton, Mrs.

George Q. Cannon, Amelia F. Young Peter Mortensen pleaded

is positively announcednot guilty in the District Court 13—It

that the Short Line Leamington cutoff will be built C. S.

Rapp succeeds Geo. J. Kelly, resigned, as assistant postmaster at Ogden

trial of Peter Mortensen was set for May 5 15—The

is announced that the R. G. W. railway shops will be built in Salt16—It

Lake City Franklin Perry Whitmore, a pioneer of Springville, died. He was born in Tennessee, November 15, 1834, and came to Utah

in early days taking part in several Indian battles. 17—Col.

M. Shaughnessy, an old mining man of Utah, filed a petition in bankruptcy

The 'Brigham Young Training School and Gymnasium of the

B. Y. Academy at Provo, was dedicated amid great enthusiasm among

1,300 students at Provo. Presidents Joseph F. Smith, A. H. Lund and

John R. Winder were present. Jesse Knight, and David Evans who made

large contributions to the building were among the speakers and received

Phillips, the Chicago corn king,greatDomestic—Januaryovations from the students.14—George H.

failed, and was wiped off the financial slate An important surrender of insurgent officers and 245 men and 223 rifles occurred in the province of Batangas, P. I The opening of Fort Hall, Idaho,

J. Buchanan,Indian Reserve will be delayed another year 18—W.

00 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of the United States prevailed upon Chile and Ecuador to agree to compulsory arbitration, which was then agreed to by the Pan American Congress which also approved the Hague agreement The Imperial yacht Hohenzollern sailed from Kiel to New York carrying Prince Henry,

Emperor William's brother, who will be a guest of the United States at the launching of the Emperor's new yacht on Feb. 25, which is to be

christened by Miss Alice Roosevelt, 19—The State Prison commission reported showing that in the United States an army of ten thousand youths were sentenced to prison in 1901 21—The money

for the ransom of Miss Stone has been forwarded to Americans treating for her release Dr. P. M. Rixey is nominated SurgeonGeneral of

the Navy vice W. K. Van Reypen retired after 40 years service

22—The President approved the appropriation of $90,000 for the Charlesfifteen millionton exposition 23—A gas well flowing

feet of gas a day has been struck in W. Va 24—A treaty

ceding the Danish West Indies to the United States was signed in Washington by Secretary Hay and Mr. Brun, the Danish Minister..25

Admiral Schley, at a banquet at which he was the guest in Chicago declares that he has no political ambitions 26—The National Liberal

lost their lives andPartyForeign—Januarywas formed in Cincinnati,17—Threeandhundredadopts personsa remarkable platform

much property was destroyed by an earthquake at Chilpancinago, Mexico 18—Emperor William receives M. Coquelin, the eminent

French actor 19—Venezuelan insurgents renew active operations at Curacoa: The Mexican volcano of Colima is again active 20—A naval battle at Panama between government and

rebel fleets resulted in the death of General Alban, governor of Panama and the sinking of one ship on each side.21—Aubrey Thomas

DeVere, the poet, died in England Memorial services were held at Frogmore, Windsor, at the tomb of Queen Victoria, also elsewhere in Great Britain and in Berlin 23—There have been 100

deaths from the plague, near Canton, China Archduchess

Elizabeth of Austria was married in Vienna to Prince Otho, thereby forfeiting her claim to royal succession 25—A force of Boers is

being organized to fight their countrymen 26—The Prince of

Wales received a cold welcome in Berlin whither he has gone to celebrate the Kaiser's birthday Miss Stone is located in Yapyak near the Turkish frontier 28—Mr. Balfour admits in the House

of Commons that Holland had proposed to act as mediator in the Boer war

Santos Dumont made two successful trials of his airship at

Monte Carlo.

BARGAIN SUIT BLACK CLAY If your Cook Can't Make IB

Who ever heard of a suit of selling at such a ridic-i* Good Bread with J> J- clothes $4.75, that ulous figure as

we mean, a good suit; a fineis,

weave "BLACK CLAY,"only $4,751 If you recognize a bargain when you see It, you would thoroughly appreciate this magnificent offer.

A SUIT MADE FOR will not WEAR.-"HARD HUSLER'S only weil. but it will hold wear

the color well; that is more

than can be said of many suits at a much higher price.

WORKMANSHIP.-Many FLOUR suits that sell for as high as $20 have no better tailoring than Is represented in this suit.

That is a characteristic of our goods, that the taili Is ring regardless of the price. good,% is a Here suit at $4.75, thoroughly Change your Cook. made. Guaranteed to fit. well

guar- $1 as a express anteeHOWof goodTO ORDER—Sendfaith, and your nearest

office address, and we will send you the suit.

You may examine it without paying another %YfsY cent If you find it all we represent it—well

worth more than we ask, pay the express agent the advertised price, less the $1 you sent with vour order, and keep It.

breast1 INTERMOUNTAIN MILLING CO., measureORDERforATcoatONCE,andsendand vest; waistyourmeasure

and inseam for the pants; also send size of

R. E. MILLER, Manager. coat usually worn. We send samples of allIVY of our goods on application.

WEST'S MAIL ORDER HOUSE,%wvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv Office 205, 206 Wlttlngham Block.

Oregon snort Line Railroad

Operating 1421 Miles of Railroad through the Thriving States of

UTAH, IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

THE ONLY ROAD To BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and the NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

Four Daily Trains between SALT LAKE CITY and OGDEN. The POPULAR

LINE to all Utah Mining Districts. The Only Road to MERGUR.

The Fastest Service to All Points East.

BUY YOUR TICKETS VIA THE "SHORT LINE,"UTAH'S

FAVORITE RAILROAD.

, Salt Lake City. City Ticket Office, No. WO West Second South St.

7. M. SCHUMACHER, General Traffic Manager. D. E BURLEY, Gen. Pass, and Ticket Agl

W. H. BANCROFT, VicePrest. and Genera/ Manager.

(WHBN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE BRA.)

ItADlES'IiOVEIiY GOODS YY. *t* Are in richer profusion at Z. C. M. I. Cloak Department this season y

than at any other mercantile institution in the West. New Goods *y

% are arriving daily, all of the best and latest styles. Everything Y

*t* good and pretty that you want in y

Ladies'Keadyto-Weaf Outer Garments,| |!y give you the best choice in the city.!y and at the lowest prices. We

< We also have in our Dry Goods Department a lovely assortment of %

Y the very best?

i A, Dress Goods, Undermear, Domo Qoilts || y and everything else in the dry"goods line to bring pleaure and com- y

A fort at this season. It will pav you to inspect our beautiful stock, %

which is complete in every line. Y

'T? I I Supt. I I M T. G. WEBBER,| 21. 7L.

*t* C v

v! 1 r. nufeKDrton a bku. i

* SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. |

f> X! The Whisperings of! Early Spring are Borne!

be Here. ** on Every"Breeze—'Tcuill Soon.y yY Y.y

$* *t* For months we have been preparing for its advent, and the new is the most magnificent and elaborate *t*X Season's Advance Display

X we've ever exhibited. Many departments of this great store are X

|t now full of freshness and beauty, and the treasures of the world '$ - of fashion here await only the prestige of your approvalThe J values we show are the best the world can offer. The prices y f Y*** we name are Fquitable, Reasonable, Right. The styles which

IX we invite you to inspect are the crystalized thoughts of the

X world's best designers., X

x i: i WE HOPE TO HAVE THE PLEASURE OF SERVING YOU.

Y I