IMPROVEMENT JANUARY 1952

ELDER JOHN A, WIDTSOE I

During the 10year period from 1941 to 1951 while the population in the seven county area served by Mountain Fuel Supply Company increased 36%, the amount of gas supplied annually by this company to its customers increased 100%, and the number of customers served increased 200%!

POPULATION INCREASED

GAS SUPPLIED INCREASED iOO% NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS INCREASED

Despite this remarkable growth in striving to meet increasing demands, however, our company stands on the threshhold of 1952 with demands for natural gas still exceeding supply. And to meet the demands, the company is engaged in a vigorous

exploration program to bring more lowcost fuel to Utah customers.

Our policy has been not only to bring natural gas to more customers, but also to assure each of our household customers a twentyyear supply of gas. While we

have substantially increased the distribution of natural gas, we have also markedly increased our gas reserves. Today the company has three times the gas reserve it

had in 1929, when natural gas was first brought to Utah.

The capacity of our pipe lines has nearly doubled since 1941:

89 million cubic feet capacity per day in 1941 <.v

f. -1 160 million cubic feet capacity per day in 1951 Jy

Distribution mains and lines of the company have almost doubled in length during the same period:

962.17 miles in 1941 - 1,691.40 miles in 1951

These lines serve almost three times as many customers today as were served in 1941:

1941—30,682 customers—1951—83,800 customers

But we still face the problem of supplying even greater quantities of gas to keep pace with Utah's expanding population.

So the exploration program pushes forward.

We now have 78 producing gas wells, situated in northeast Utah, southwest

Wyoming and northwest Colorado. Ten years ago the company's producing wells

numbered 48.

Further, we have gas and oil leases or rights on approximately 289,000 acres of untested potential gas and oil land in the general area of its present locations.

/t is our earnest endeavor to pursue intelligently an aggressive policy of exploration and distribution to meet the everincreasing needs of the communities we serve.

FUEL SUPPLY CO.

Soup's Best Friend!

jp A delicious bowl of steamBy DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

ing hot soup and crisp, TQ ECENT studies of the relation of flavorful Town House ""forests supply to water reported a won-

R. Croftby A. D. and Marvin Hoover Crackers—what

have shown that increased stream flow deful combination on can be obtained by changing the plant cover to reduce the water evaporated cold, wintry days!

by the plants in transpiration. About

half the loss of water taken by trees along the streams could be saved by Serve your family this removing trees that have their roots in the ground water along the main nourishing, appetizing stream channels. Having suitable fortreat often!

ested plant cover helps to prevent the ground from freezing as early and also checks quick overland flow to the streams thus promoting seepage flow.

"DETWEEN 1846 and 1938 at the head of Chesapeake Bay the average depth of water over an area of thirtytwo square miles was reduced by two and a half feet. At the site of two

Maryland ports, once used in overseas trade, the mooring ports are more than two miles from navigable water, due to silt deposited from erosion.

**T)iANO,"the name of the musical "* instrument, is a shortened form of the Italian "pianoforte"meaning soft and strong. The term was first

used by Cristoforo to describe a harpsichord in which the gradations of tone in soft and loud were at the disposal of the performer in contrast with the ordinary type of unvarying tone.

Oi,EVERAL water waves in the ocean occurred after the different eruptions of the volcano Krakatau, in the

Soenda Strait between Sumatra and

Java, on August 26 and 27, 1883. The

waves in some regions must have reached a height of over one hundred feet. They traveled a distance equal

to half way around the earth in thirtytwo and a half hours and even in the

English Channel were an inch high.

Tt has been estimated that if all the air sacs in the lungs of a man were flattened out in a continuous sheet, they cover would about eleven hunPURITY Toirn House Oaeersdred square that than feet and more eight hundred square feet of it would be occupied by the pulmonary capilPURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Pocatello Phoenix laries.

JANUARY 1952 IN 1952 FOR perfect, low cost ARMS AND THE MAN

PUBLIC SEATING npHE new year opens with the world By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

groaning under the burden of taxes Head o/ Political Science Department, for armament. The Sixth Assembly of University o/ Utah NEW the United i\ations, convening in Paris

AllMetal in November, heard an appeal from

Samson thedisarmament,American coupleddelegationwithforenforcementworldwide ing in any large city, nearly any week

Folding Chairs makeand inspectionthe proposalmeasureseffective.designedAt theto ofareanywidowsyear. Theirand orphanswidows andnonetheless;orphans

same time, under our "Mutual Security nor is the sorrow rarely more than the

Program"(enacted in October 1949), sorrow of the hundreds killed weekly we were taking steps at Ottawa, in by nondeliberate traffic. Without beParis, in London, in Italy, and elsecoming calloused, the citizens of a world

where to strengthen NATO (the North power have to learn to reckon with

Atlantic Treaty Organization); and the "international incidents"for what they

Congress which adjourned a few weeks are worth, and not more. The "worth"

earlier had voted the largest peacetime of each has to be determined from sums ever authorized for American excase to case.

penditure. Each of the three branches In this same new year, saturated

of the armed services (Army, Navy, Air with armsspending and the fateful deForce) received roughly twenty billions cisions of foreign policy, Americans will each for the current fiscal year. The elect a President for a fouryear term

sixty billion total, for commencing January 20, arms alone, was esti1953. Who shall head

mated by some to involve our "garrison state"—

as much as eighty bilcareer general or a civillions if longterm authorian?

izations, contracts, etc., Inasmbch as every colwere included. Mr. Vishumnist feels free to offer

insky, the Soviet delegate his personal opinions on at the Sixth Assembly, is the subject, I herewith reported to have "laughed present my personal views *Also available with spring cushion or wood all night"at the Amerias of November 24, 1951 seat. can disarmament proposal, in view of (the date of writing this piece).

Ideal for the seeming contradiction. Whether 1. If I were the Republican nominat-

# Schools Churches true or not, it is no laughing matter for ing convention I would nominate

Meeting Halls Lodges anyone—Mr. Vishinsky, the American Robert A. Taft for the presidency on

or any hall where public seattaxpayer, GI Josephus Blow, Jr., or Ivan the following grounds: (a) political

ing comfort is essential. Ivanovitch of the Red Army. experience and toughmindedness in the

Shortly after Thanksgiving, Anthony American tradition which will make 'Larger, more comfortable seat Eden, the British Foreign Minister, anhim less susceptible of goldbrick- "k Strong enough to stand on nounced that NATO would continue to buying from other politicians than a 'k Safety seat hinge can't cut fingers rearm until negotiations for peace with novice in politics; (b) intellectual ca-

'k Noiseless folding action compact, Russia could proceed "from strength."pacity that has demonstrated itself caeasily stored The devil must howl with glee as God's pable of going to the heart of issues,

k Six smart decorator colors children persist in playing with matches. nostrums, and policies; (c) personal inWill not tip or fold when open Yet it would be fool's counsel to spend tegrity. I count on Mr. Taft's intellectual

"k Electrically welded steel tube legs less than necessary for Americanwestern capacity to outweigh the myopia which k Chip proof, nonchalking enamel findefense. No historic experience would some of his colleagues, e.g. Senator

ish on ail metal parts justify other than adequate preparation Lodge, seem to feel he possesses in steel cross Specially tubular arched I for affairs. defense; local exhis- foreign including contrary such the On

rigidity extra for braces tory his as involved lawyer's to in Zion's penetrate pect the mind (1835), Camp steel seat tube weldedk the as issues of Legion, foreign necessity policy the thoroughly and Nauvoo throughout screws used no frame Electrically—

k Steel furniture glides with replacefor police protection in every commuas the scrutiny he has demonstrated in able newtype rubber feet nity. To spend what we pay as taxes the domestic field. Finally, although

'k Padded, cushioncomfort spring seat with wisdom; to use the resulting the. Republican party;, since. itheralliance

"k Concave, formfitting, upholstered strength with caution and restraint; to of the New Deal with the "solid South"

back rest avoid the very appearance of the evil (not so solid?), is essentially a minority

'k All metal parts rustproofed by "bonof war; these are the avenues open to party, (the Democrats, with the south

derizing process"deliberate choice. and the American people who live in

In this regard it may be suggestive to the northern cities under Democratic caution readers to avoid overemphasis control, are by all odds the majority about the loss of a Navy training airparty in any scientific view), yet Taft craft, which the press has headlined could be elected because his personality ZCMIOFFICE OUTFITTERS as a victim of Russian fire. If true, would attract the moral upsurge in

57 SO. STATE ST. SALT LAKE CITY as is likely, it is sad and unfortunate. the average American.

Phone 3-1575 - Ext. 442 But let us recall that as many men 2. General Eisenhower in my personal

may be the victims of deliberate shootopinion should stay on the job in

Europe, where he is needed most and can serve best. As President, with the

best of intentions, including socalledconservative leanings, General EisenTHE BEST OF THE NEW BOOKS hower, despite his admirable homespun personality, theAmerican would add i ir by BOOKCRAFT edifice,final military capstone to an once essentially civilian, which has be1941. since increasingly militarycome Dr. John A, Widtsoe's

theIf President has been Truman "prisoner"of the Pentagon and Mr.

Acheson in foreign affairs, whereinwould come the pressure from the civilJOSEPH SMITH ian economy and society, reflecting... SEEKER AFTER TRUTH...

democratic needs, in an administration PROPHET OF GOD headed by a general (albeit the nicest A book that gives a rich insight

Prophet of the greatness into the general figure an admirable we know, hereContains Smith. many Joseph 3.50 president,as Columbia's and all facts concernunpublished the tofore

rest)? Or, as some argue, is this the day ing his life and accomplishments.

and age for military statesmanship at the keystone of the political arch? And

could Senators Duff and Lodge, with

Governor Dewey, emerge as the civilian triumvirate to steady the EisenBOOK of MORMON SIOIHES hower arkof-thestrong-foreignpolicy-

Republican covenant? No one would for young Latterday Saints

expect an Eisenhower administration to The wonderful stories of the Book of Mormon—told

be a retake of the Ulysses S. Grant adAin companionan easy stylevolumethat childrento... quickly grasp.

ministration. But the latter episode, at

least, suggests caution. There is no BIBLE STORIES 3.00

rule that a Republican palace guard, in any administration, is less susceptible for young Latterday Saints to deepfreezes, mink coats, and financial The only Bible story book keyed to L.D.S. views.

courtesies than a Democratic one. And Both by Emma Marr Petersen

if the President's eyes are almost wholly on defense and foreign affairs, his sterling quality may be taken advantage of, for good and evil, as with President AREWHERETHEREDID MANYLEHI LAND?GODS?

Grant. In any event, if nominated, WHAT DOES EVOLUTION TEACH TODAY?

Eisenhower's first diplomatic problem These are just a few of the many rich fields of will be not with Russia but with G.O.P. thought in Dr. John A. Widtsoe's newest book:

organization regulars and hangerson.

3. In the interests of his party, EVIDENCES and 2.25

itsits tradition, potential as and the RECONCILIATIONS party,majority Mr. seek should Truman VOL 3

Companion volume to: hispeace with southern brethren; then

either run as their nominee, or leave EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS the Democratic convention "free and and GOSPEL INTERPRETATIONS open"in the interests of the party's You'll want all three!

future (which can well include 1952 majorities in Congress). NEW AND STIMULATING I trust that

$1.00 Doyle I. Green all Americans will spend OUR LEADERS—Arranged by

insight lives brief into theas David of Presidents O. McKay, Stephen L Richtime A pondering picture the much

Jr. Fielding Smith. J. Reuben and Joseph

issuesas the deserve in these times. Ricks $2.00 COMMENTARYEldinClark, BOOK OF ards,MORMON

NEW WITNESSThe firstFORof 6CHRISTprojectedIN volumes,AMERICAVOL.ideal forIlDr.studyFrancisgroups.W. Kirkham $2.75

ATTEMPTS TO PROVE THE BOOK OF MORMON MAN MADE. Written at the

direction of the late President George Albert Smith.

GOSPEL MESSAGESCompiled by Florence Pierce $3.00

A compilation of scriptures from the 4 standard works into a concise and

LAND OFterseTHEIRpresentationINHERITANCEDr.of the Gospel.Deta P. Neeley $1.75

Volume the Promised Land"and "Precious Land of Promise."MIST PURPLE RUE AND

to "Journey to --iiSELLERS OTHER BEST Eberling By Georgia Moore

TREASURESHOW TO PRAYTO SHAREMelvinAND STAY AWAKEMaxWesfenskowSkousen $2.00$1.75

has'X'he $2.50 a door that swings new year two G. Homer Durham DISCOURSES by Dr. WILFORD WOODRUFFCompiled OF

- -*- $4.50 L.D.S. Charles SCRIPTURESGilbert Orme ways:

$2.00 THIS HOURRichard SAME threshold while see AT on the moment youA and R. Hunter Milton ANCIENT AMERICA OF MORMONDr. AND THE BOOKL. Evons

Ahead to swiftwinged hours and back to Thomas S. Ferguson $4.00

days your At dealer a part of history.That now become

or order direct while backward remembrance momentA... from

strays.. eternally. then is locked the doorAnd

Publishers in the past rue, purpleEnshraud mist and Fine of BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH all as do. wayfarers L.D.S.Face forward must Books

JANUARY 1952 LJnldal LJran o THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, ASSOCIAIMPROVEMENT MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT EDUCAOF DEPARTMENT TIONS,

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF "THETRAVOICE OF THE CHURCH"ke ikuKk Of

/jeitiS Kkriit

of oLatterdatA JainL

r> r VOLUME 55 NUMBER 1 rw JanuaftJ 1952

- WIDTSOE JOHN A. editors: DAVID 0. McKAY

Editor: tAanaging L. GREENRICHARD L. EVANS ke Lcouep DOYLE

C. Editor: JOSEPHSON Associate Managing MARBA of of the Council A. Widtsoe Elder John - Research Editor: ALBERT L. Editor: MOFFITT Manuscript ELIZABETH birtheightieth his celebrates Twelve, the Editor: SHEPHERD BURL Family"JR. - "Today'sJ. ZOBELL,

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM day anniversary on January 31. This

A. PALMER JR. S. NIBLEY HARRIS, - HUGH FRANKLIN assignrecent a during taken photograph,

- B. B. - SPERRYLEE SIDNEY PETERSEN CLAUDE irrigation conas an in Canada - Associate BERTHA Manager: R. Manager: General ELBERT CURTIS

of F. is Horsdal of Paul the - sultant, Director: S. SCOTTREEDER ment work VERL Advertising D. Business GILES Manager: JOHN

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR Ottawa.

The Editor's Pae

Happiness and the New Year David O, McKay 13

Church Features

Marriage ReDoes Temple Evidences and Reconciliations—CLXI

... 14 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES A. Widtsoe John duce Divorce?

Street Main 50 North John A. Widtsoe—Scientist, Public Servant* Friend Offices, Main St. 50 North Albert E Boweri 16 Y.M.M.I.A.

Main St. Offices, 40 North 24 Y.W.M.I.A.

City 1, Utah Salt Lake In TheAustralia—theWorld of the BeginningsJaredites—V Albert L.HughZobell,NibleyJr. 27

Inc., Corpora- a Funds, Partial 1952 List of by Mutual Copyright 5 Books by John A. Church Moves The On

Improvement Mutual Young Men's of the 15 tion to Widtsoe GenerAppointees Y.W.M.I.A. of Christ of Jesus of the Church Association 42 Priesthood al 7 Melchizedek Board reserved. Subrights Soints. All Latterday

Highhghts in the Life of John A. No LiquorTobacco Column 43 scription price, $2.50 a year, in advance; foreign

$3.00 a year, in advance; 25c Widtsoe 15 Presiding Bishopric's Page 44 subscriptions,

single copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing

Special Features at1103,specialAct roteof Octoberof postage1917,providedauthorizedfor in Julysection2, 1918. for unresponsible not Era Improvement C, Josephson 10 The Marba Mutual Meet Me at contributions. manuscripts, welcomes butis solicited Address).... the Air Live by Bread Alone (Church of Not Men Shall by sufficient accompanied be must All manuscripts

Matthew Cowley 20 postage for delivery and return.

Through the Eyes of Youth—Awards and Rewards

Clark Strong 25 Change of Address

The Spoken Word from Temple Square............34, 38, 40, 46, 48 Fifteen days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include

Exploring the Universe, Franklin ager Play in the Family? Rex address slip from a recent issue of the magazine.

unless the old S. Harris,

is included. Times, These Jr. Arms and the Man 1 WorkA. Skidmorein Oilcloth, Marjorie Pur52 Addressaddress aschangeswell ascannotthe newbe madeone

G. Homer Durham 2 dy..- 53

There Will Be Tomorrow, Dorothy Homemaker's Bookrack 54 National Advertising Representotives

P. Albaugh 9 Meat Cookery (Lessons in EatOn the Bookrack 26 ing) 55

S. COMPANY TOWNSEND 57 EDWARD Burl Variety Shepherd Meats Family Today's

Building Russ the TeenPage Part Should Your and Ours 64 What Francisco, California San

HENRY G. ESCHEN,

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

ies, Poetry Los 1324AngelesWilshire17, CaliforniaBlvd.

SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

Conversation at Dinner Alice Morrey Bailey 28 342 Madison Ave.

New York 17, N. Y.

Purple Mist Thoreau and Rue, Georgia Evelyn Wooster Viner 11

H. DAVIS RAY

Eberling 3 Poetry Page Moore LaSalle 12 30 N.

Hands, Gene Romolo, 9 On a Winter's Morning, Katherine Chicago, IllinoisSt.

Frontispiece, To Emerson and F. Larsen 46

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

Elder with announced, Sparks include of the Ward, committee October 1951 Members as bishop. sustained F. Tonini Ezra Elders George President David O. McKay,

Sparks West Sparks E. Ward, now Petersen Taft The and Benson Mark

-| E. Clifford Assistant Young, J Elder leadership the under continues of of PreWard, the Twelve, Council the

of -"- dedithe to the Council Twelve, Keele. Vincent of Bishop Richards, siding Bishop LeGrand

cated the chapel of the Barnum Ward, Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Stake. (Colorado)Denver

Cowley Elder Matthew of the CounElbertAssociationR. Curtis,GeneralAssistantSuperintendentGeneral November 1951

cil the the of dedicated Twelve Stevenson chapel Superintendents A. Walter of the 1 Kimball Spencer Elder W. ) theof Branch, ( Oregon Gresham L. Elder D. S. King, and and David of dedicated the Twelve Council Mission. StatesNorthwestern of director Roberts, the Roberts. Elder (Missouri) of the Mexico chapel the

Branch, Central States Mission.j-'- Q* partedPresidentfor Washington,David O. McKayD. C,deto MormonBoy ScoutsRelationshipsof America,Servicewill servefor theas

attend a White House conference that acting secretary. A Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the

will discuss international and domestic "The Stick of Joseph,"a filmstrip tellCouncil of the Twelve dedicated situations. More than one hundred ing the story of the Book of Mormon, the chapel of the Oklahoma City

persons, representing a crosssection was announced as ready for distribuBranch, Central States Mission.

viewpoint, geographically and occupation for use by the fulltime missions President Bruce R. McConkie of the

tionally, were invited to attend. of the Church. First Council of the Seventy dedicated

The First Presidency announced the the chapel of the Sutherland Ward, appointment of Elder R. Scott Zim- 9 C East Lethbridge (Canada) Stake Deseret (Utah) Stake.

of Lethportions created from president the as of Westernmerman of conthe area grading Rough Stake, Elder bridge with Grant Goddard Presisucceeding Mission,Canadian Angeles to the Los tiguous Temas president sustained and Fisher. Presidentdent Glen ZimWoolley G. site began. ple

E. Fletcher Elders and Elmo J. Owen filled in the a mission Swissmerman

German Mission from 1912 to 1914. Steed as counselors. Lethbridge Second, 1 1 Elder Mark E. Petersen of the

Elder Stayner Richards, Assistant Barnwell, Rosemary, Brooks, Taber First Council of the twelve dedicated to the Council of the Twelve, left and Second wards, and the Burdett and the chapel of the Cleveland Ward,

Salt Lake City to return to England Monte branches comprise this stake with Emery (Utah) Stake.

where he is president of the British a membership of 2888. Remaining in Morningside Park Ward, Inglewood

Mission. Originally he and Sister the Lethbridge Stake, with a member- (California) Stake, created from porRichards were called back to Salt ship of 2885, are the Lethbridge First, tions of the Inglewood Ward, with

Lake City because of the death of OrtonMacLeod, Claresholm, Picture Sanfred W. Elieson sustained as bishop.

their son, Robert. Butte, Diamond, Calgary First and SecElder Robert M. Smith was sustained as

ond wards. The stake presidency inbishop of the Inglewood Ward.

The annual conference for cludes President Octave W. Ursenbach Elder Spencer W. Kimball dedicated21 Spanishspeaking members of the and his counselors. Elders Francis C. the chapel of the Hutchinson (Kansas)

Church began at Mesa, Arizona. HighRussell and Reed C. Ellison. Elder Branch, Central States Mission.

light of the threeday spiritual feast Mark E. Petersen of the Council of

will be the temple sessions at which the Twelve and Elder Alma Sonne, As- 1 9 Fire destroyed a portion of the the ordinances will be given in Spansistant to the Council of the Twelve, chapel of the Baldwin Park Ward, ish. effected this organization. Pasadena (California) Stake.

the of Elder E. Petersen CounMark President Stephen L Richards of Mrs. appointment LaVerne of the 1 /I The

cil the of the chapel dedicated First Twelve dedicated the chapel Presidency general to Stallings the Jensen of the Springville Third and Ninth of the Brigham City Fourth Ward, board of the Young Women's Mutual wards, Kolob (Utah) Stake. North Box Elder (Utah) Stake. Improvement Association, announced.

Presiding Bishop Richards LeGrand of Mrs. Helen appointment The girls'of of the program Q 1 Changing chapel the of thededicated Bedford

of to the general board Barker Evans a Januaryto- the from Church Stake. Star Valley (Wyoming)Ward, Association, announced. the Primary basis basis to a january Juneto-june Richards Presiding Bishop LeGrand

dedicated the chapel of the Thayne was announced by General President 1 fi Swiss and German members of the

Ward, Star Valley ( Wyoming ) Stake. Bertha S. Reeder of the Young Women's Church met in the Assembly Hall

Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the Mutual Improvement Association. The on Temple Square to mark the final

Council of the Twelve dedicated the new ruling will become effective June event of the centennial year of the chapel of the Westport (Kansas City, 1, 1952. For the calendar year 1951 and bringing of the restored gospel into

Missouri) Branch, Central States Misthe first five months of 1952 special their homeland.

sion. rules are in effect.

Creation of Mt. Rose Ward, Reno 1 Q Second Assistant General Superin-

O \ The appointment of Iva Lou (Nevada) Stake, from portions of the tendent David S. King of the

Peterson to the Young Woman's Reno Ward, announced, with Elder Young Men's Mutual Improvement AsMutual Improvement Association genNathan T. Hurst sustained as bishop. sociation began a series of radio leceral board was announced. Bishop Robert J. Jamieson continues to tures on the Church radio hour broadCreation of the Boy Scouts Relationlead the Reno Ward. cast by KSL at 9:00 p.m. The title

ship Committee for the Church was Creation of Sparks East Ward, Reno of his series is "Today's Need for announced by the First Presidency. (Nevada) Stake, from portions of the Dynamic Faith."

JANUARY 1952 APPOINTEES 10 y.W.M.I.A. GENERAL BOARD

Joseph W. Stallings on December 23,

1926.

In 1934 she was with the winning cast from her California ward in the last year of Churchwide M. I. A.

drama contest. For the next seven

years she was a member of the KSL

Players and has been active in other theater groups.

The poetry from her pen has found a welcome place in both The ImIva Lou Peterson La Verne Jensen

Stallings provement Era and The Relief Society Magazine. She was the winner of

Lou Peterson, who has served the 1941 second prize in the annual

IVAas manager of the Brighton M.I. A. Eliza R. Snow poetry contest sponGirls'Home, has been appointed sored by the Relief Society.

to the general board of the Young She is the mother of two sons. At

Women's Mutual Improvement Asthis appointment to the general board sociation. she was the speech director of the

Miss Peterson was born at Declo, Y.W.M.I.A. of the Monument Park

PROTECTION JuliusIdaho, Petersona daughterandof Stellathe lateBarbaraCarl Stake in Salt Lake City.

Peterson. Following her graduation

from Wendell, Idaho, high school, she attended the Southern Idaho College of Education at Pocatello. She

ALUMINUM COMBINATION DOORS was graduated from the Colorado

Aralum aluminum doors are Training School of Nurses as a regiswithMMa permanent improvement! tered nurse.

Screen or storm panels quickIn November 1946 Sister Peterson ly slip into a strong aluanswered a mission call and served minum frame that never in the Southern States Mission. Reneeds repairs! turning from her field of labor in the

IMPROVED I at peno. summerUniversityof of1948,Utahshe toenrolledcompleteat herthe Alice Miriam C. Christensen

Aralum degreerequirementsin physicalfor a education.bachelor of science

Alice ALUMINUM Miriam Christensen is She faculty IUTrs. of the now a member COMBINATION has been appointed to the Bee the Murray High School, serving STORM AND of

SCREEN of the general board. committee WINDOWS of as dean also teaching Hive girls and

fuel save by insulatShe is the daughter of Highland classes. and education entire Ing the win* health

dow opening! Always active in the Church, she Stake Patriarch Alexander R. Curtis

is Curtis, Genevieve and Raine who served in auxiliary organizations Guaranteed by * FHA terms has

Good Housekeeping the only Salt of the member woman in Idaho, Colorado, and Utah wards and stakes. She has been assigned to Lake City board of education. She

For Complete Information the recreation committee of the genis the wife of Milton R. Christensen.

CALL or WRITE eral board. Mrs. Christensen has a long record

of service in Church activities, espednAulaJtionA Qnc. O'rs.whoLaVernehas beenJensenassignedStallings,to the ciallyMutual.in Shethe wasSundaya memberSchoolof andthe

1349 S. Main Salt Lake City, Utah speech committee of the Young Highland Stake Y.W.M.I.A. board

Phone 844393 Women's Mutual Improvement Asfor ten years, and was activity counsociation general board, in a lifeselor has Stake the Highland Y.W.

INC. IfINSULATIONS,

of activity long record M.I.A. in the presidency. Recently she Church has 1349 South Main

L Salt Lake City, Utah and its auxiliary organizations. served as Gleaner leader first in the

I Please send complete information on She was born in Logan, Utah, a Stratford Ward, and currently in the

Aralumj

I Combination Doors and Windaughter of N. Andrew Jensen and Parleys Ward Mutuals. dows.

Julia Dorius. Following her graduaShe is a graduate of the old L.D.S.

I NAME tion from the L. D. S. University, University and the University of

ADDRESS she did college work at the University Utah. She has been active in Parentof Utah, the Arizona State Teachers Teachers'Association work. She and

College, and the University of CaliElder Christensen are the parents of fornia at Los Angeles. She married five children.

.THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

WASHES EVERYTHING

JANUARY 1952 IP

w t. i [.

SETTING COURTESY, HOME OF TOMORROW, LOS ANGELES. 584/631

-jtpat'cU'New Cf'Drop Leaf Dinette in

This superbly styled new Chrome Dinette (Model 584/631) makes the utmost use of small space. A truly big table (35"x 69"open) it seats six comfortably, yet closes to a

compact 23"width while "nesting"two chairs for added space saving. The

traditionally beautiful Duncan Phyfe gatelegs actually fold out of the way. The table

top and piano hinged dropleaves, having colorful Micalite on both sides, top and bottom, is smartly contemporary in design, giving maximum table room for gracious hospitality. Table is complemented by distinctively

styled chairs equipped with SmoothieCushion-Glides—an

exclusive Virtue feature that makes chairs so easy to move.

Designed for still smaller space are the Junior

Gate Leg (582) and the TeleParty (580).

Both are 30"x46"opened, closing to 18"width. The TeleParty table is mounted on

Above: Junior Gate Leg large, easy rolling casters for convenient

Model 582. serving in any part of the house.

/e/g/si; TeleParty Table

Model 580. Both are

opened, closing S0"x46"Guaranteed to 18"width. Housekeeping1 Sold at Leading Furniture and Department Stores in the West and Middle West.Good

W # The West's largest manufacturer of Chrome Furniture f I RT U E BR r 5e i G 5701 WEST CENTURY BOULEVARD, LOS ANGELES 45, CALIFORNIA vXV> TOMORROW By DOROTHY P. ALBAUGH

that it couldn't be. But there was

even a garden. This newfangled

idea of garden therapy, for wellmeaning women and gullible invahds. Well, they couldn't catch

him on that. Maybe it worked with

fellows who hadn't gardened before.

But he had made gardens; had done

all the work himself, with his strong, slender, artist's hands. They couldn't

inveigle him into weeding or putting in bean poles.

B %Bnovvn as the Missionary m Ore- "saved Pioneer who that skirted a took path E IJ the fkn fit Hi IH fA for United the O gon"iS unproject garden. was The

Slates, WhitDr. courageous n n

it still in the wild finished, and was first to the prove was man d here—shady and swampy, with a feasibility of taking wagon W"

tlie vines, of broken and a piece of pioneers count. through didn't It was tangled lame S trainsBEING his party Rockies. sheltered He and stone wall. Suddenly, a by a that mattered. his hands When

the casts were taken off, in the the wall, and almost hidden in the went through the famous a

Great of the South Pass m S of briars, he found them! look tangle hospital, they didn'tveterans'

six the years before Divide Q V in Lilies, small, bellshaped, white, the report crushed,"human. "Badly to Frecredited zk discovery a

their protecting at lookedsaid, "but healed."He Dr. Resourceful mont in 1842. leaves, v/ith the n fragrance in of paradise! art taught a trailblazing wasthem quietly. He had A Whitman's 5j

a little town. It had been hard to deCrushed hands outstretched, he 5( guide to rapid emigration to ft

cide whether he would be an artist parted the briars, never feeling when S the Oregon country. &

or a musician. He could play pretty they tore at his flesh and his clothing.

fat, bent like to his knees and looked his hands He droppedwell. Now / the people all over THoday 9M stiff, K nails over them, breathlessly. His stuck with pincushionswhite of guide west use a new kind K S

in them. swollen fingers closed around the w. to point tlie way to family S

It was spring again. Three springs slender stems, picking, picking, like ft security: Prudential's "DoljS

ago (only three?), the family had a man parched with thirst, who sudlar GuideJ'the famous system

moved. It was exciting to watch denly reaches an oasis. And then, n that lets you quickly plan the ft

things bloom in the new yard. that was all, and he looked at the 9 right kind of life insurance a

to you need give your family 5 his fingers in flowers there were his fingers—at |K protection at the maximum

closed, valthe lilies of and opened, that had cost. ft lowest—forsythia,Things they tulips,didn't know and gJB that could again. closed Fingers motherley. year he made his Each

the see "Dollar To Guide"4 stem, fi a close flower just again around exactly what wasreport to him jA the mail below. coupon B paintbrush. or a a pencil, there. aroundblooming A He limped down the corridor and He sat on the old gray wall and

out on to the terrace. It really was wept. Wept because, suddenly, he

spring. Somehow you had the idea knew that there would be tomorrow!

INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA BEj1 INSURANCE A MUTUAL LIFE COMPANY PRUDENTIAL

HANDS By Gene Romolo B WesternPrudentialHomeInsuranceOffice Company Kn

Terminal Box 3424 to rescued great thought other generate hands from Have power has Califdxnia Angeles 54, Los idleness, nU>WIND SQ to of industry. worth articuAnd taught them the all thought to voice make And

ihe see I'd like to fi "Dollai'Guide"B late.

But hands possess a magic that has brought Hands deeplined by service to the world.

pulseless breast. passive Lying on aLargess beyond the mind to estimate. / K Address \ like furled, colors a hero's never Are

bless to potency with endowedHands Glorifying gallantry at rest. 9la Cily -Stale gft the blind to walk, the lame toHave helped

see, JANUARY 1952 9 "look In"January 22, 1952 on your ward MUTUAL to see a MODEL MUTUAL IN ACTION!

ings of the Church and that they should provide an opportunity for young folk to gain a testimony of the gospel through actual participation in such activities as would reinforce gospel principles. The same

need exists today. This longrange

aim of Mutual should never be forgotten by those who attend as well as by officers and teachers, for it is the ultimate aim to bring into activity and give the gospel message to every member or potential member of the Church. If people live the

gospel, they will have rich experi- "MEET ME AT MUTUAL"ences which will enable them to build better lives and keep close to the challenging and newSOMETHING in their recreation as well as a l/l/lawarviaroa v.C /4o5epkcyo6eph.5on Lord to the ever -stimu- O has been added

their worship. lating M. I. A. program! Planned ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR in Strangely enough, it is in looking

to include the entire ward family, nounce it; placards and banners will for recreation that most people are led

the program for January 22 is such proclaim it; Mutual officers and astray. In a search for pleasure,

that it will interest Bee Hive Girls teachers will blazon it; and everyone they too frequently lose sight of

and Scouts as well as Explorers, Mia will be primed for a good time. The lasting happiness. In the delight of

Maids, Junior M Men and Junior program will be such that it will the moment, they lose the glowing

Gleaners, M Men and Gleaners, and make visitors want to come again, satisfaction that results from worthInterest.Special Moreover, "Meet recreation. and members to keep their attendance while "Meet At Me

night At Mutual"is to welcomeMe regular. will indicate Mutual"ways in which

every ward resident, whether or not The significant reason behind lasting happiness can be attained he is a Latterday Saint. "Meet Me At Mutual"evening is to through leisuretime activities.

Geared to a 1952 world in which alert every Church member to the In the mission field presidents as things happen with nearperfect timvalue of constructive lesson work and well as missionaries have found the ing, the Mutual will include a wellwholesome, spiritualized recreation as Mutual to be a great missionary timed program which will include opposed to a laissezfaire system of force. Investigators come to Mutual,

lesson work with a special punch in merely meeting in groups and inengage in classwork and activities, each department. Thus, each perdulging in what has often been begin by playing and end by prayson who attends will find material cleverly called "wreckreation"with ing, through having gained a testisuitable to his own age level and much wasted time and energy. In mony of the truthfulness of the gosvital to his particular interest. Model the Mutual, sound activities such as pel. Can we at home do less than

lessons will be presented; an extra drama, speech, dance, and music give make the M. I. A. function in the

special assembly program has been creative release to youth's energies; lives of ward residents?

prepared; and superfun is scheduled at the same time the classwork builds We in the wards and stakes of

after the class sessions—all to prove ideals to carry young people through Zion should assume some responsithat Mutual is fun! life with the sound discussions of bility in letting those around us know

Every member of the Church lesson material. The discussions will what the Church has to offer them

should circle the calendared date, also reinforce the ideals and standin lasting enjoyment here and eternal

January 22, to be sure that he himself ards of older folk who attend Mutual happiness hereafter. January 22,

attends Mutual and also to remind and help them remain true to that 1952, is the entering wedge when himself that he should extend special which they know to be right. we can bring all the ward family toinvitations to his neighbors and When Brigham Young organized gether for profit and fun!

friends to assure their attendance on the Mutual Improvement Associa- "Meet Me At Mutual"is a chal- "Meet Me At Mutual"night. Many tions, he had very definite ideas of lenge to every Church member to

announcements will precede the what he wished these auxiliaries to show his own missionary zeal, his evening in the communities where accomplish. He gave the charge interest in his neighbors, and his

wards are situated: Radios will anthat they should reinforce the teachlove for the Church!

10 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA To

Emerson

And

Thoreau

E.1

(Li/eiun '-f l/l/oodier Ulmer'

—Kaxj Aikion

ooTPRiNTS were left with hesitation on trackless white;

Ice diamonds, whose scintillating, brilliant light

Was thrown toward the unsheathed sun from blades of grass and bended trees Where cymbals clashed with tiny sound to measure breeze.

And man, an alien in this tranquil scene, his breath icecurled.

Amid the glitter and the whiteness of a frosted world,

Beheld with solemn awe lest some faint human sound

Should break the dazzling peace that held the earth firm bound.

JANUARY 1952 n, -..-,-—.;t;T-)s:-vV;

""-tiiT '; ''"'''fif "''"--'-'""'i ''rV'SS5S?S&'i'iSS/ --

WINTER SLEEP WASTED TALENT IF IT BE SO

By Mildred Goff By Iris W. Schow By Elaine V. Emans

tree's the dazzling aspen sheen is this I—who thrilled to see the

silver; of Nowdance herTHEOf mountainsfluffy cloudsput whitebeneathfeatherbedstheir heads. INIs WINTERan armor May Lincoln

They draw across their bony knees green Of first snowfiakes beginning, who de-

A coverlet of green pine trees Is vivacious with emeralds; each autumn lighted

And drowsily, from head to toe. she snares In winter even more with its advance

Pull up a counterpane of snow A crop of gold coins which she flauntingly Straining the eyes a bit, as one nearTo snuggle under, soft and deep. wears. sighted,

And settle for their winter sleep. With such a grand penchant for garnering For spring to come around the farthest

loot, hill?

What a pity the aspen can never bear Am I who listen hard for feathered friends, daffodil, for one the garden haunt GREETINGS fruit! Who

it ends. the winter finding with Knowing

By Julia W. Wolfe The one for whom the world of crystal was

Too evanescent many a shining hour?

it If certainly so, does it be and cheerily. YOU come OF NIGHTIF be, to that I adore not say SNOW Appear shall zest for be Here you;

is it less because but winter say The If wearily, you come By Pauline Havard

I soft spring, love after, more. following the shall rest for you. Here be

THERE was a whisper in the night.

If you come borrowing. A little sound so like a sigh,

Gladly we'll lend to you; I rose and found the earth was white; SNOW BLOSSOMS

If you come sorrowing, A wand had touched the winter sky,

Love shall be shown to you. By Lucile Coleman

For there I saw the fairyhosts

Under our thatch, friend, In shoes of gleaming thistledown. RARE flowers blossom in December

Peace shall abide for you; Alighting fast on white fence posts On my windowpane,

Touch but the latch, friend, And roofs of an enchanted town. Lacedelicate, though in the sun

The door shall swing wide for you. I search for them in vain.

So does all loveliness unfold.

Needing no fanfare to impart Oh, how retard their hasty visit.

to miracles Such hold Retrieve those who SUMMER'S BRAILLE Who can theirdecoratedreama roomof spring? In readiness a heart! watchful

By Alma Robison Higbee With such a transient thing?

miracle as though a the boy had walked green young and truly here, visionedT'HE ItWasseems over. months THIRTEEN full of happiness garden A

his a kite head. above summer wasWhen tear! winter's from Grown

flying, Saunders Spencer each as bright of By Bessie day With wings

Nowplover;winter walked the fields with grizzled SOME will remember him head. For his mischief WINTER ROOM

And the stream was sleeping in its crystal For spitballs and pulled hair bed. And erasers hurtling By Catherine E. Berry

Through the air.

Still, coming home from school was fun I shall recall him BLOW out the lights and laughter. Showing such tenderness and let the gloom

And he loitered just a little on the way. Few may know of winter dusk

Then sneaked off to the barn; beneath the Lifting two blind birds pervade the room.

rafter From the drifting snow! Turquoise, coral,

He would nestle deep in clover hay. and amethyst,

And no hint of winter ventured where he sapphire, and onyx lay. blend in the mist.

REMEMBER THEN Andsoftlywheredrift, the shadows Here, with the cornsweet breath of stampcattle. ing By Pansys H. Powell spiralsslowly siftof moonlight the squishy sound of milk within the And

pale, white magic pail, God, REMEMBER, night, winter's of to tattle noisy the pigeon's He listened prayers I used The to say gilding the room in the his fragrance, clover sought And others'For sons light. silver with grail, bursting were bombs at Ypres When

And read, with memory's fingers, summer's Among the guns?

braille. I had no children then! YOUNG W00DV70RKER

Remember, God, TRYST The men on Iwo's stone? By Anobel Armour

Their pain was shared.

just anything boards can be if as I prayed By Marian Schroder Crothers they were my own OLD spared. boards to be, fawnbrown want they be boy That A

THIS is the sleeping time; My only son was ten. For he can shape himself a boat

Across the barren, garnered fields Or swing a birdhouse from a tree,

The wind drifts mournfully; Remember, God, Having a talent in his hands

The leafless trees, no green reveal. For now I cannot speak Which goes as deep as life itself

Clutched fast in winter's icy grasp. But only feel. And is a richer thing than shows

The brown earth, weary, grimly sleeps, Before my need all words are weak. In tools used on a workday shelf

Dreaming of bitter cold and snow, Here as I kneel, Perhaps because God lived and spoke

Until her tryst with spring, she keeps. O, God, remember then! Through One who smoothed an oxen yoke.

12 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -*i5?r *.'*>''

"-. > M*WSB Xjijj

d the V lefew eav*

i5iA l-re6iaent.Jjauid \J.: Aaf

OF US, perhaps, stop to consider the deavor. And happiness is realized only through

inner implications of the happiness we righteous desires and worthy accomplishments. FEW hope the New Year will bring us. The What sublime peace, what infinite power

secret of happiness lies within each of must have filled Christ's soul when, toward the us, side by side with our resolutions and declose of his earthly mission, he could say, "I sires. It never comes from without. It cannot have overcome the world!"Oh, how great the

be stolen; it cannot be purchased. It is above distance between the heights of his sublimity,

price. It is true that wealth and friends and and the depths of the degraded soul, drifting in

material success may make it the brighter the slime and filth of indulgence, blindly thinkwhen it is already shining within, but when ing, if he thinks at all, that happiness is allied it is not in the heart, all outward contributions with physical gratifications!

are like paint and powder on the sallow True happiness is found in living the Christcheek, the mere semblance of the thing desired. like life—on Monday, as well as on Sunday. He

who is virtuous only at intervals proves thai "Nae treasures, nor pleasures, his pretended virtue is but a sham. Such a perCould make us happy lang;

The heart ay's the part ay son lacks sincerity, the foundation of a true

That makes us right or wrang."character, without which happiness is impossible. He who is seeking for happiness alone

One source of happiness springs from the seldom finds it, but he who lives, that is, who realization of having accomplished something loses himself, to give happiness to others, finds worth while. Misery springs from the realizathat a double portion has come to himself.

tion of having failed to accomplish something Membership in the Church of Jesus Christ of worth while. The accomplishing of a fixed Latterday Saints carries with it the responsidetermination in the quest for truth and nobility to overcome temptation, to battle error, to

bility of soul always produces happiness. Failimprove the mind, and to develop one's spirit

ure and vaccilation always bring corresponding until it comes to the "measure of the stature of unhappiness. One is like the godly sorrow the fulness of Christ."Habits of intemperance

that worketh repentance to salvation not to and of sensual pleasure should have been buried be repented of; the other, like the sorrow of in the waters of baptism. What folly to permit

the world that worketh death. them to return when one realizes that not hapToo many are not willing to pay the price piness but misery is allied with indulgence in

of a happy New Year. They drift along aimsin!

is he who not only lessly, hoping that peace and comfort will come Truly the happiest man to them as does the sunshine on a summer day. resolves, but also succeeds, with the help of the

They forget that rain, hail, snow, and the biting Lord, in adding to his "faith, virtue; and to

frosts of winter come in the same way. He virtue, knowledge;

who would possess happiness must pay the "And to knowledge, temperance; and to temprice of effort. "It is one of the laws of life perance, patience; and to patience, godliness;

that each acquisition has its cost."A muscle "And to godliness, brotherly kindness; and to

can be developed only by physical activity. brotherly kindness, charity.

Spiritual growth comes only by spiritual en- {Concluded on following page)

JANUARY 1952 13 THE EDITOR'S PAGE

{Concluded from preceding page) Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ."(II Peter 1:5-11.)

"For if these things be in you, and abound, Undoubtedly somewhere on the scroll that the they make you that ye shall neither be barren New Year brings, there will be made marks of nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus disappointment, discouragement, difficulty, perChrist. haps sorrow; but we shall try to meet these with

"But he that lacketh these things is blind, and unfaltering determination, relying upon God to cannot see afar off, and hath forgotten that he strengthen us in weakness, to give us fortitude in was purged from his old sins. trial. Thus overcoming what we can and bearing

"Wherefore the rather, brethren, give diligence bravely what we must, we shall experience the to making your calling and election sure: for if joy of mastery akin to that which Jesus felt when

ye do these things, ye shall never fall: he said:

"For so an entrance shall be ministered unto "... be of good cheer; I have overcome the

you abundantly in the everlasting kingdom of our world."(John 16:33.)

DOES TEMPLE MARRIAGE REDUCE DIVORCE?

DIVORCE has become in the United States a national disgrace. Marriage vows are being

lightly taken and as lightly broken. In some OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

circles of society men and women are proud of their record of marriages and divorces. This is

wrong, very wrong! There may be an occasional

justifiable cause for divorce, but people should Evidences enter marriage with a view of a lifetime of association, in the midst of the problems of life, personal AND and social. This scandalous condition is largely

of love to the forgetfulness of the meaning due the eternal, the Reconciliations divine impulses rise above which trivialities of life. Married life should not be CLXI

undertaken unless love is to be the mentor-—a love

to which the small differences in life count as naught in the preservation of love. St. George, and Arizona. The attempt was made

In discussing the divorce evil, the minds of to trace all Latterday Saint marriages in those

Latterday Saints are turned towards temple marareas, in and out of the temples. The marriages

riage—the marriage which seals for time and fell into three classes: 1. married in the temple, 2.

eternity and which endures forever. Ordinary obmarried by Church authorities outside "of the temservation of the people around us shows that ple (by bishops and stake presidents), and 3. marthose who have enjoyed temple blessings live ried by civil authority only. The present status

more happily, perform their duties in and out of of about thirteen percent of the marriages could the Church more faithfully, and are the more not be found; but eightyseven percent were found,

dependable citizens in any community. Unand their marriage status learned. The results

doubtedly there is less divorce among them. were approximately the same in all three areas,

Some years ago, as partly recorded in The Imso the findings must be reliable. Combining the

provement Era of October 1948, an attempt was results from all three areas it was found that of made to determine whether temple marriage is a those married in the temple, 83.9 percent were

deterrent to divorce. This has been continued, active to some extent in the Church, while of

now involving widelyscattered localities and perthose married by Church authorities, but outside sonalities. It was decided to select one year and of the temple, only 46.0 percent were active in

to study the conditions of those married in that the Church, and 37.6 percent of those married by

year. The year 1936 was chosen. It was far civil authorities were active in the Church. Temenough away from the present to expect married ple marriage clearly leads to an orderly, faithful

people to have settled down in peace or otherwise. life in the Church. It may well be gathered from

Moreover, those married in 1936 have passed these figures that those who have had the faith through the war period when divorce became and wisdom to marry in the temple are carrying popular. forward the work of the Church.

Three temple areas were chosen: Salt Lake, Among those married in the temple, 6.4 per-

.-Xfe.nSvuer to the \cJvie6tloyi6 of Ujou,ih

14 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA cent couples had been divorced during the fifteen declare that temple marriages are a protection years of the study. However, of those married by against divorce.

Church authorities, outside of the temple, there If a man and woman are really in love and were nearly two and one half times more divorces, want that love to endure, they should fit themnamely 15.6 percent. Among those married by selves for marriage in the temple. The temple

civil authorities the number rose to three times endowment and the sealing for eternal companionthat of temple marriages, namely 19.4 percent. ship become powerful means of achieving joy on

These figures carefully and laboriously assembled earth and in the heavens beyond.

ililiiiiiiiiiKiiiiJimiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiJiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiniriiiiii iriinriu rii i ii iii iriiiii iiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiliiiiiiiii i r im iiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiJiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiilllltllliiliminiiiiiniiiiii

Highlights in the life of John A. Widtsoe

January 31, 1872 Born at Daloe, Island of Froyen, Norway, the son of John April 23, 1935 Editor of The ImAndersen and Anne Karine Gaarden Widtsoe. to present provement Era.

February 14, 1878 His father, John Andersen Widtsoe, died. July 20, 1937 Appointed to the first

April 1, 1881 His mother, Anne Karine Gaarden Widtsoe, baptized. permanent board of

October 20, 1883 Sister Widtsoe and her two sons left Norway for Utah. governorstional FarmforChemurgicthe NaApril 3, 1884 John A. Widtsoe baptized at Logan, Utah, by Anthon L. Council.

Skancliy.

Secretary, deacons quorum. October 20, 1937 AppointedChurch welfareadviser.plan.

Secretary, priests quorum'.

June 4, 1891 Ordained an elder by John E. Carlisle. 1951 Appointed by CanaJune 1891 Was graduated from normal course, Brigham Young College, dianvestigategovernmentpossibilitiesto inLogan. of a Saskatchewan irriJuly 1891 Entered Harvard University. gation project.

1893 President of the Boylston Chemical Club at Harvard.

June 1894 Received his bachelor of science degree (summa cum laude) at Harvard.

September 1894 Employed by Experiment Station, Utah Agricultural College, A Partial but Representative as chemist.

Stake secretary, under Cache Stake presidency, for elders'quorums. list of Books by

18951905 Member, Cache Stake Sunday School board.

Professor of chemistry, Utah Agricultural College. Elder John A. Widtsoe

August 5, 1898 Ordained a seventy by Elder Brigham Young, Jr.

June 1, 1898 Married Leah Eudora Dunford in the Salt Lake Temple. A Concordance of the Doctrine and CoveJune 1898 Appointed to the Parker fellowship as a traveling fellow of the nants (1906)

graduate school of Harvard. Joseph Smith as Scientist (1908)

August 1898 Sailed for Europe to enter the University of Goettingen, Geography of Utah (with William Petersen)

Germany. (1908)

(Had been set apart as missionary in Germany.) Dry Farming (1911)

Dec. 1898 His first Improvement Era article appeared. Education for Necessary Pursuits (1913)

November 1899 Received his master of arts and doctor of philosophy degrees, The Principles of Irrigation Practice (1914) magna cum laude, from Goettingen University. A Rational Theology (1915)

Jan. 1900 Graduate student at Polytechnicum, Zurich, Switzerland. Anthon L. Skanchy (Translator and editor)

19001905 Director of Utah Experiment Station. i (1915)

190507 Director of the agricultural department of Brigham Young Western Agriculture (Editor, with George

University. Stewart) (1918)

190636 Member, general board. Young Men's Mutual Improvement Gospel Doctrine (Coeditor) (1919)

Association. Federal Reclamation by Irrigation (1924)

190716 President, Utah Agricultural College. Discourses of Brigham Young (Editor and

March 4, 1907 Set apart as a president of the sixtyfourth quorum of seventies, Compiler) (1925) by President Charles H. Hart. Success on Irrigation Projects (1928)

Member, state board of education. In Search of Truth (1930)

1912 President, International DryFarming Congress. Studies in Priesthood (1930)

Senior President, 132nd quorum of seventies.

The Successful Missionary (1932) 1914 Received an L.L. D., Utah State Agricultural College.

Seven Claims of the Book of Mormon (with.

January 20, 1916 Appointed President, Lniversity of Utah.

March 17, 1921 Ordained an Apostle by President Heber J. Grant. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.) (1935)

Program of the Church (1936) June 11, 1921 Received an L.L. D., University of Utah.

Member, Board of Trustees, Brigham Youn University. The Word of Wisdom (with Leah D.

1921 to present Director, Genealogical Society of the Church. Widtsoe) (1937. Revised 1951.)

1921 President, Utah State Historical Society. Priesthood and Church Government (1939)

January 26, 1922 Appointed Church Commissioner of Education. In the Gospel Net (1941)

192324 Member of factfinding committee of the department of InEvidences and Reconciliations (1943) terior, investigating conditions of U. S. Reclamation Service. An Understandable Religion (1944)

Nov. 21, 1927 Set apart to preside over the European Missions of the Man and the Dragon (1945)

Church. Gospel Interpretations (1947)

1928 The British Mission, long under the same presidency as the How the Desert Was Tamed (1947)

European Mission, became a separate organization. Evidences and Reconciliations, volume 3

July 4, 1929 Organized Czechoslovak Mission. (1951)*

president Mission. Released as 1933 of the European Joseph Smith—Seeker After Truth—Prophet

29, (second term). 1934 of Education Appointed Commissioner Church March (1951) of God

of Lecturer, California, Sept. 14, University Southern Appointed 1935 on

the program of the L.D.S. Church, for the college year. *Volume 2 was Gospel Interpretations.

JANUARY 1952 15 JOHN A. WIDTSOE

Sdentist--- Publlc Servant--- Friend--- 8u {Ld (C. Ecowen

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Nyi>,,vi,m yi

Dr. John A. Widtsoe with the author, Elder

THEhasLIFEbeenof soJohnrichAndreasin accompHshWidtsoe Albert E. Bowen.

ment and broad in scope that it is eling fellow"of the graduate school diflficuh to write about it within the and right well did he justify that limits of permissible space. The difdesignation.

ficulty is increased because a mere In October he began his studies factual recital might give the impresin the celebrated Georg Augustus sion of extolling the man, which he University of Goettingen, Germany.

would not welcome. It is rather the By the following June (1899) he

purpose of this article to offer the had completed his doctor's thesis. In

stimulus of example to all who may November of the same year he took feel stirring within them the impulse the faculty examinations and was to high achievement and fulness of awarded the degrees Master of Arts living but are timid about embarking and Doctor of Philosophy with highupon the venture. Briefly to list his est honors. He was then only twenty

major activities would seem the best seven.

way to serve that purpose. He had gone to Europe to seek

Eighteen hundred and ninetyeight training in biochemistry, often, was a signal year in his life. On spoken of as the chemistry of life.

June First he married Leah Eudora This falls into two divisions: the

Dunford. Throughout all the years chemistry of the carbohydrates and

since, the youthful romance has the chemistry of the proteins. The

Dr. John Andreas Widtsoe. flourished and still blooms today two internationally preeminent men

in all its fresh loveof the day in that field of learning liness. The secret of were Dr. Tollens of Goettingen and

their happiness is told Dr. Schulze of the Politechnicum at

in the concluding senZurich, Switzerland. Having studied

tence of a story he has the carbohydrates with Dr. Tollens,

written for his family he put off to Zurich to study the about the coming of proteins with Dr. Schulze; there he

love: "Where Leah spent the period from January to

was, there was Eden. May 1900. From this intensive beThis is the best chapginning has stemmed his lifelong

ter in the story of my study of human nutrition and his life."later work on the Word of Wisdom.

In July he received From May to August he made notice of his appointLondon his place of residence but ment by Harvard Unitraveled widely in England and on versity, his Alma Mathe continent visiting all the notable ter, to the coveted experiment stations, talking with the

Parker fellowship with eminent men who staffed them, and, the privilege of foreign indeed, with all others from whom

Brother and Sister Widtsoe in the summer of 1929, durstudy. The award he could extract knowledge. In Seping their European Mission days. designated him "travtember 1900 he set sail again for

16 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA America to take up his work as dihe was put in the secrector of the experiment station and ond grade because his professor of chemistry at Utah tongue was still thick

Agricukural College,* appointment to with Norwegian accent.

which positions he had in the meanIn a week he was adtime accepted in preference to other vanced to the seventh flattering, apparently more inviting, grade. Under sacrifice

and certainly vastly more lucrative he entered the Brigham offers. Young College at Logan

May we digress long enough to at the age of seventeen, remark the contrast between that comfrom the normal course ing to America and to Utah with the of which institution he earlier one, just seventeen years bewas graduated in June fore, when as a mere lad, speaking 1891, and in July at the John A. Widtsoe at Leah D. Widtsoe taken

only his native Norwegian tongue, age of nineteen he enthe time of his marriage. about the time of her

he had come clutching the hand of a tered Harvard Univermarriage to Brother widowed mother, without substance sity, despite the headWidtsoe.

and with no other means of subshaking of those who sistence than the natural endowment knew the family cirof an indomitable spirit, a willingcumstances. It was an

ness to toil, an aspiration pointing unbelievably rash thing upward to the stars, and the fortithat the widow's son tude to endure privation and submit should embark on such willingly to the sacrifices necessary an impractical, dreamy, to make roseate dreams come true. intangible venture.

Such is the man of whom his old But they did not teacher. Dr. Charles Loring Jackreckon with the granson, Irving professor of chemistry at itelike resolution of his

Harvard University, wrote as Dr. extraordinary raiother,

Widtsoe took up his new duties in Anna Karine Gaarden 1900: Widtsoe, who, aided

He is one of the most able men who has and abetted by her ascome under my instruction, and you should piring son, had long thatremember students advanced my are since determined in allpicked parts of from the country. men

their family council his in showed remarkable power work,He the year he was John A. Widtsoe that John, and Osborne, to his recent in owingand study Europe University, graduated from Harvard

is as wellqualified as in the too, anyone now his younger and country for work in physiological chemistry, only brother, must be isin fact, I think there no one in America so this wellequipped. for educated. It was in the preparation With

his work, and the excellent work he did family tradition. His

before he went to Europe, we have a right father, John Andersen

followed that will be withhim—oneto expect a most distinguished career for Widtsoe, who years inbefore in Norwayterest and admiration by the chemical whole

world,... He is a very rare sort of man. had died prematurely

young, had been a That all happened over fifty years ago. The slender, attractiveappear- teacher and a scholar.

ing young scholar with prominent, following{Continuedpage)on full blue eyes today bears the weight of eighty years of unremitting, intensive, intelligently and unselfishlydi- rected toil. His brown wavy hair,

now greatly thinned, has turned to white. But his spirit still is young,

and his omnivorous, searching, inquisitive mind, ever darting about in quest of knowledge, seems yet alert and fresh as in youth.

It was nothing to occasion surprise that Harvard University should appoint John A. Widtsoe to the Parker

graduate fellowship. He had before

won scholarships and honorable recognition for scholarly attainment.

When he went to school in Logan, John Andersen Widtsoe, father of John Anna G. Widtsoe and her two sons John A. and Os-

*Later changed to Utah State Agricultural College. Andreas Widtsoe. borne, taken about 1883.

JANUARY 1952 17 The Widtsoe family in April 1920 in Salt Lake City: left

to right, Sister Widtsoe, Leah Eudora,now Mrs. G. Homer Durham; Anne Widtsoe Wallace; John A.; and Marsel, who died in

1927. The family in June of 1909: Dr. Widtsoe, Anne, Sister Widtsoe, and Marsel,

JOHN A. WIDTSOE

{Continued from preceding page) a selection from the pen of John A. timates included the poor and lowly

And now, as immigrants, in Logan, Widtsoe, the immigrant boy who still as well as some generally thought ecthrough unflagging industry and the carried with him to Harvard his centric or a bit queer. He early

strictest frugahty the family had Norwegian accent and pronunciation. learned that there is no monopoly

acquired a modest; home, which could His English then as now is simple, on intelligence and that wisdom may

be mortgaged. The widow could ply direct, and always correct. When a be garnered in unexpected places.

a little later into the night the needle word of one syllable will serve, he The family's first journey to America with which she earned their livelinever employs one of two syllables. was briefly interrupted at Liverpool,

hood. So off John went to Harvard. The achievements exhibited in this and John found his way to a museum.

By April the next year he had won culled and limited list took some In his boyish Norwegian scrawl in a scholarship. The next year he won doing. In appraising them, it must his journal of that day he records,

another scholarship. In September be remembered that his preparatory "There was more to see than I

of the same year he was honored by schooling for entry to Harvard was thought could be collected in one election to - the presidency of the at the Brigham Young College which place."

Boylston Chemical Club, an organizathen offered considerably less than To this day if you travel with him tion comprising major students and does the ordinary high school of toand stop to have your car serviced, fhe faculty of the department. In day. But John A. Widtsoe's preparayou will see him striking off to

June 1894—-after three years'study tion was not limited by what he reexamine some object that has atthere—he was graduated from Harceived in school. Poor and lean as tracted his attention or plying with

vard UniVersityvWith highest honors his purse was, he managed each questions some loiterer or other persumma cum laitde! This honorary month to scrape out of his meager son he has engaged in conversation.

scholastic distinction can be Won in pay enough to buy a coveted book If you miss him in a town, the place two vSfays: by showing excellent and which he promptly read. In his diary to look is in a library or secondhand

wide acquaintance in orie line of he records: bookstore. His thirst for knowlstudy or for uniform excellence in all "One day I bought a set of Chamedge is insatiable. Small wonder

subjects taken. Young John Widtbers Encyclopedia. It was a tremenhe was graduated summa cum laude.

soe won in both. His lifetime habit dous financial venture. But, who One of the striking characteristics

of wide reading in many fields was should care, when the books conof Dr. Widtsoe is his astonishing

paying off. tained the world's knowledge for versatility. This writer is fully con-

A Boston magazine published anwhich I was hungry."; vinced he could have been eminently

nually a review of the work of"the He would ransack libraries, too, successful in any line of endeavor he current graduating ciiass, selecting and he formed the habit, which has might have chosen, including busifrom the various departments a. notanever been dropped, of cultivating the ness or finance. His wise budgeting

ble production by a member of that friendship of men who read or and prudent expenditure of vast sums department. For the class of 1894, traveled, and of eagerly drinking up as administrative head of the Experisingularly enough, the literary qualthe bits of wisdom or learning that ment Station, the Agricultural Colity of the work was represented by fell from their lips. His list of inlege, and of the University of Utah

18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA amply demonstrate that every dollar painstaking research for the discovery tion men called at Logan to inspent yielded manifold returns. But of a truth, the task is only half done spect the work. Young men trained

he has never loved money. When when the discovery is made; it must there under Dr. Widtsoe's tutelage

he was graduated horn Harvard, four find practical application to the satiswere employed both in the United widely varying positions were open faction of human wants. As a mere States and many foreign countries.

to him. He could have remained inert piece of knowledge it has little After ten years of study he published

as a teacher at Harvard, or become value. A good scientist or any other his book on dry farming which was

research chemist for a great national creative worker needs a highly impromptly translated into French, and international industrial enteraginative quality of mind, capable Italian, and Spanish—languages of

prise (Incidentally, the man who not only of creating in fancy an image three countries with large land areas took the position is a multiple milof the thing he seeks but also of to which water could not be taken.

lionaire), or he could have joined projecting the vision out to far horiBasically the same principles, the editorial staff of an important zons and beyond into the realm of namely, the relationships among national magazine. Lastly he could shadow and seeing in the dim mists water, air, and earth, arc involved in

go back to the Agricultural College its possible relationships to and inboth irrigation and dry farming studat Logan as teacher of chemistry. fluence upon the course of the human ies, scientifically conducted. ExperiRight there John Widtsoe had to race. ments in both fields accordingly

make some decisions. First, he had Returning from his European exwere carried on simultaneously. Govto decide whether he wanted to be periences, advantaged by his position ernment and State aid were obtained

a writer or a scientist. There was as director of the Experiment Station, authorizing dry farm and irrigation

a strong pull both ways. He resolved Dr. Widtsoe saw visions of the blessexperimental stations to test the practhe conflict upon the basis of his ing to humanity which would flow ticability of laboratory findings.

conclusion that his state needed most from making the waste places fruitOddly enough, irrigation, though his services as a scientist. It was ful. Having wellformed theories, a very ancient art, had so far as known

devotion and loyalty to the Church he attacked seriously the job of subnever until 1900 at the Utah Station which had brought his widowed mitting them to scientific tests. Satisbeen subjected to scientifically conmother and her two boys out of their fied by laboratory experiments with trolled experimental study. Sevnative land and loyalty to the peohis theory that under proper observeral new laws were discovered

ple who had become his people that ances of governing laws, crops could and many quite revolutionary finddecided among the choices. That is be profitably grown under quite low ings were made. As the result

a devotion and a loyalty that has rainfall, he published his first treatise of long study he wrote a book never faltered even under the test on dry farming which was for the on irrigation which met with a reof flattering allurements, both public first time, so far as known, put on ception comparable to that accorded and private. a scientific basis. The effect was his book or;i dry farming. It likeelectrical and worldwide. The colwise has been translated into several

Service to the Land lege and the station were put on languages and is to be found in many the map. From almost every na- {Continued on page 30)

During the three years between

Harvard and Goettingen, he was The most recent photograph of the Widtsoe family, taken about 1946: left to right,

professor of chemistry and chemist for front, Joanne Wallace Koplin, Doralee Durham, Elder Widtsoe, Carolyn W. Durham,

Sister Widtsoe, and George Durham, G. Jr.; (back) Homer Homer Durham, Eudora W.the Experiment Station at the Utah Durham, Widtsoe Wallace, John Margaret Anne and W. Wallace, W. Wallace.Agricultural College. These were

busy years. Wherever John Widtsoe

was, there was action. The foundation for the monumental work he

did to lift agriculture to a scientific plane was there laid. Somewhere

along the line in the course of his wide reading in many fields, he formed the firm conviction that agriculture is the foundation for success of any nation, and he developed an abiding faith in the power of the land.

He traveled widely over the arid and semiarid lands of western America. Taking note that approximately

twothirds of the land surface of the earth falls under one or the other of these classifications, his restless mind was soon busy with the question whether the vast reaches of land for which there was no water must forever remain nonproductive. Dr.

Widtsoe, no mere abstract investigator, realized that even with the most

JANUARY 1952 19 "Men Shall

man was worth more than bread, more even than the wealth of the world. He said to them,

For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul? (Ibid., 16:26.)

A man's soul is too exorbitant a price to pay for bread alone, even if the whole world is his loaf.

A man's worldly wealth may determine his social standing, which side of the tracks he will live on, which school his children will attend, which golf club he will belong to, the horsepower of his car, and which pew he will occupy in his church; but it is not the sole determining factor as to the fulness of

his life. That is determined not by

his material possessions, nor by his lack of them, but by his living by the words that proceed out of the mouth of God.

The supreme joy of living cannot be measured by a man's financial rating. It can be measured only by

his willingness to accept a divine influence as the controlling force in his life. Neither the millionaire nor

the pauper can live by bread alone, -H. Orlick but both can live and enjoy living to

The Sermon on the Mount the fullest degree if they will accept the spiritual influences that sustain of man.THESabbathMATTERmorningwe discussI trustbrieflyshall thisnot tremeSufferingphysicalthoughweaknesshe wasinducedfrom exby theInsoulunfurnished, thatchroofed huts

be considered as too far removed prolonged hunger, the Master in the South Seas I have witnessed from practical application to comquickly discerned the treachery begreater peace of mind, more happiness mand your interest. The subject of hind the tempting suggestion and and contentment, enjoyed by simple

this discussion was suggested by an the danger of providing bread on the natives than exists in too many of the episode in the early ministry of our terms proposed. Knowing that the luxuriously appointed mansions of the

Lord, and the title is taken from the strategy of the tempter's challenge rich.

memorable words addressed to his would mean the provision of physical In the humble native hut man is adversary on that occasion. sustenance alone, to the exclusion of not existing by bread alone. The

It will be recalled that soon after spiritual requirements, Jesus immediwords of God play a great part in his baptism by John in the waters of ately replied, "Man shall not live by the program of his living. Each day

Jordan, Jesus retired into the wilderbread alone, but by every word that is commenced by invoking the blessness where he sought communion proceedeth out of the mouth of God."ings of heaven upon himself and his

with his Father. During this period (Ibid., 4:4.) family, and at the close of each day

of voluntary seclusion, he engaged During forty long days he had prayers of gratitude are offered for himself in prayer and fasting. At been constantly aware that not only blessings received.

the end of forty days, during which does the body of man need bread, His profound knowledge of sacred his body had been without bread or but also that the spirit of man needs books, which may be the only literaother physical sustenance, the tempGod. Even without bread during an ture translated into his native tongue,

ter appeared and challenged him to extended fast, communion with God is his most prized possession. The

exercise his divine power to provide sustained the Son of God, though he great value he places upon divinelyfood for his famished body, with suffered the throes of hunger like inspired literature may be appreciated these words, "If thou be the Son of unto a son of man. when one hears him say these words

God, command that these stones be Later in his ministry, Christ was to about his European brother: "When

made bread."(Matt. 4:3.) remind his disciples that the soul of the white man came to these islands,

20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of great nations and empires, both ancient and modern, which have rejected God and denied man the rightNot live By to live in accordance with his divine 99* will.The institutions of our own nation, which were founded by men

lost be divine aid, may invoked who Bread Alone if lessons the generations to future of history are ignored. If God loses

this great of affairs in the Udu tvlaitkew Lowie control its of decline decay nation, the and

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE structure of freedom and liberty will surelv follow. The loss of its soul

will be inevitable because ours is a we had the land, and he had the in exchange for the goods of the nation which cannot survive on maBible. Now after a hundred years world. Even their country's soul is terial values alone.

he has the land, and we have the considered not to be too high a price To say that "it can't happen here''

Bible, and we are still richer than to pay. is to disregard the destructive forces

he."His bread gives sustenance to of evil that are abroad in the landhis physical being only. The words T F THE individual cannot live by If credence can be given to recent

of God give life to his soul. bread alone, neither can the nareports, then never before has the

tion. This great country owes its underworld wielded the influence

(\ THE other hand, in the homes birth and preservation to men who that it does today. Its tentacles are

where there is an abundance of were guided by spiritual values. The reaching into the vitals of society

the material things that gold will Pilgrim fathers who first set foot upon on every level, into business instituprovide and where divine principles the rugged shores of New England tions both large and small, and into pioneers great the who and governments. federal is local striving conboth and are man rejected—where deserts mountains the and quered of decent attitude complacent to live The may be by bread alone—there Pacific Atlantic were to the the from pracdiabolical these of people toward gratification physical excessive an

appetites, but there cannot be a fulmen of God. They survived the tices indicates an almost universal reness of living. hunger and hardship incident to jection of God as the sustaining force

because pioneering colonizing and lives of in men. the in the deep damnation There is for a quest were motivated by they in the nation's time another At of possession gold without God. gold. lust for than by a God rather trying history were men when

The sorrow, the fear, the frustraThey penetrated the forests and by bread alone and were forgettingto live tion and confusion which beset men pushed on to forbidding waste lands God, Abraham Lincoln issued a timeall about us may be traced to an with confidence that with the help ly proclamation which reads as folimpulse, which is not restrained, to of God they would live, and that lows:

live by bread alone. Disruption of

family ties, moral degeneration, addiction to the use of stimulants and wellWhereasas of menit is totheowndutytheirof dependencenations as narcotics, dishonesty in dealing with upon the overruling power of God, to conone's fellow men, and all other manfess their sins and transgressions, in humble ner of crimes and vice are the natural sorrow, yet with assured hope that genuine concomitants to a bread -alone diet. repentance will lead to mercy and pardon,

and to recognize the sublime truth, anIf living is not tempered by the nounced in the Holy Scriptures and proven divine will, man is not prepared to by all history, that those nations only are face unexpected losses of wealth and blessed whose God is the Lord;

And, insomuch as we know that by his other forms of adversity. He finds divine law nations, like individuals, are

it impossible to step down from livsubjected to punishments and chastisements ing with the Joneses, and his life in this world, may we not justly fear that becomes of so little value that he the awful calamity of civil war which now takes it by his own hand. I need not desolatesinflicted uponthe landus formayourbe presumptuousbut a punishmentsins,

remind you of the high incidence of to the needful end of our national reformasuicide which cuts down the lives of—Religious News Service tion of a whole people? We have been the

men of financial means who thought recipients of the choicest bounties of Heaven;

they could live by bread alone. They without his help they would perish.... we have grown in numbers, wealth,

ever has other nation as power no and earth, turned the scorched broke They simply the adjustment cannot make forgotten God. have But grown. we We

soil, crops, their planted the virgin rations are reduced. Neither when the gracious which the hand forgotten have

need I call to your attention the unand then called upon God to bring preserved us in peace and multiplied and ethical, immoral, illegal, and gangster forth the harvest. They lived by enriched and strengthened us, and we have

of in the deceitfulness imagined, words, and he provided them with vainly been his have recently methods which all blessings were these that hearts, our sustenance. investigating committees, exposed by and superior wisdom produced some by

as the means whereby men in both History records the decline and fall virtue of our own. Intoxicated with unhigh and low places give their souls iDcUvered as a Church of the Air address. (Continued on page 62)

JANUARY 1952 21 THE WORLD OF THE JAREDITES PART V

}j>a -JnqkIf v I'MeiAf J-k.J.

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR, HISTORY AND RELIGION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Concerning Deseret Lower Egypt'"bore the title, "he that connection but never applied who belongs to the sedge (the sign to the bee. A familiar parallel immeMy dear Professor F. of Upper Egypt) and the bee (the diately leaps to mind; To this day

BY andALLattractiveodds thepassengermost interestingin Jared's signFromof Lowerthe first,Egypt).""students of hieronofor oneGod,knowsYHW,howis tothebeHebrewpronounced,word

company is deseret, the honeybee. glyphic were puzzled as to what because no good Jew would dare to

We cannot pass this creature by sound value should be given to the pronounce it even if he knew, but without a glance at its name and beepicture.'* By the New Kingdom, instead when he sees the written

possible significance, for our text beaccording to Sethe, the Egyptians word always substitutes another trays an interest in deseret that goes themselves had forgotten the original word, Adonai, in its place to avoid far beyond respect for the mere feat word,'"and Grapow designates the uttering the awful sound of the Name.

of transporting insects, remarkable beetitle of honor as "unreadable.""Yet the combination of sounds YHW

though that is. The word deseret, Is it not strange that such a common is a very common verb form in Hewe are told (Ether 2:3), "by interand such a very important word brew and as such used all the time.

pretation is a honeybee,"the word should have been forgotten? What There are other examples of such

plainly coming from the Jaredite lanhappened? Something not at all unsubstitution in Hebrew, and there

guage, since Ether (or Moroni) must usual in the history of cult and ritual, must have been many in hieroglyphic interpret it. Now it is a remarkable namely the deliberate avoidance or which, as Kees points out, is really

coincidence that the word deseret enprohibition of the sacred word. We a kind of double talk.

joyed a position of great ritual know that the bee sign was not alThat the Egyptians deliberately prominence among the founders of ways written down, but in its place avoided calling the bee deseret while the classical Egyptian civilization, the picture of the red crown of Lower applying the name to things symwho associated it very closely with Egypt was often "substituted for bolized by it and even substituted the symbol of the bee. These people, superstitious reasons."''The subfor it is further indicated by another

the authors of the socalled Second stitution was a natural one, for the remarkable fact. The bee symbol

Civilization, seem to have entered bee like the red crown was identical spread in other directions from its

Egypt from the northeast as part of with the majesty of Lower Egypt. original home, enjoying a prominent

the same general migration that sent If we do not know the original name place in the mysteries of the Hittites, the makers of the classical Babylonian of the bee, we do know the designathe Finnish Kalevala, and surviving civilization into Mesopotamia.''Thus tion of the red crown—the name it in some nations in certain Easter

we have the founders of the two great bore among other things when substirites. In all of these the bee is the

parent civilizations of antiquity entuted for the bee. The name was dsrt agent through which the dead king

tering their new homelands at ap- (the vowels are not known, but we or hero is resurrected from the dead, proximately the same time and from can be sure they were all short), and it is in this connection that the a common center—apparently the for the founders of Egyptian civilizabee also figures in the Egyptian rites.''

same center from which the Jaretion called their land dsrt, and the Now the original "deseret"people, the dites also took their departure, but crown they served dsrt. Now when the founders of the socalled Second

more of this later. What concerns crown appears in place of the bee, it is Civilization, claimed that their king,

us here is that the Egyptian pioneers sometimes called hit "bee,"yet the and he alone, possessed the secret carried with them a fully developed bee, though the exact equivalent of the of resurrection. That, in fact, was

cult and symbolism from their crown, is never by the same principle the cornerstone of their religion; it

Asiatic home. Chief among their called dsrt. This certainly suggests was nothing less than "the king's

cult objects would seem to be the deliberate avoidance: If the Egypsecret,"the power over death by

bee, for the land they first settled tians were reluctant to draw the picwhich he held his authority. If the

in Egypt was forever after known as ture of the bee "for superstitious reabee had any part in the profoundly "the land of the bee,"and designated sons,"they would certainly hesitate secret royal resurrection rites of the in hieroglyphic by the picture of a to pronounce its true name. The Old Empire—and how else can we

bee, while every king of Egypt "in word dsrt happens to mean red in account for its presence in the later his capacity of 'King of Upper and Egyptian and could safely be used in and more popular versions of the 22 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA royal rites?—it is plain why its real however, to make out an interesting esque coincidence that when the

name and office were carefully concase for deseret. Let us list the known Lord's people migrated to a promised

cealed from the world. I personally facts and let it go at that. (1) The land in these latter days, they called

am persuaded that the archaic and Jaredites in their wanderings took the land Deseret and took for the ritual designation of the bee was with them "a honeybee"which they symbol of their society and their govdeseret, a "word of power"too sacred called in their language deseret, as ernment the honeybee. The Book of

to be entrusted to the vulgar, being well as "hives of bees."(2) The Ether is of course directly responsible

one of the keys to "the king's secret."founders of Egyptian Second Civilifor this, but it is hard to see how the

In certain editions of the Book of zation had the bee as the symbol book can have produced such a strikMormon, though not the first, the of their land, their king, and their ing repetition of history without itself word deseret is capitalized, for the empire,** to all of which they also having a real historical basis. Deseret,

editors have recognized that it is applied the designation deseret, or the honeybee, seems quite at home really a title: "which by interpretasomething very close to it. (3) in the twilight world of prehistory

tion is a honeybee,"as distinct from Though they never call the bee itself (which is, incidentally, exactly where the "swarms of bees"which also dsrt, the sign which is often "for the Book of Ether places it), but the went along. One might be justified, superstitious reasons"written in its numerous ties and parallels that must

though we will not insist on it, in place is so designated. (4) The bee establish its reality still await inseeing in Deseret the national symsign was always regarded by the vestigation. Suffice it for the present

bol or as it were the totem of Jared's Egyptians as very sacred: "As a deto show that such evidence does

people,*"since the author of our record terminative,"says Sethe, "it is sigexist.

to attachseems to unusual importance nificant that to note it is always "The Jaredites and Early Asia"... "**'the prehistoric it. Through the others. placed before any of haze we

I suggested thatseem dimly to descry various tribes As is well known, this honor is the A few lines above moving outward in all directions from prerogative of the holiest objects only the Jaredites were but one of "various a common center somewhere to the in the writing of hieroglyphic. Its tribes moving outward in all direcnorth of Mesopotamia to plant a extreme sacredness and its role in toptions from a common center... to

common protohistoric civilization in secret ritual amply explain, nay, all plant a common protohistoric civilivarious regions of the earth. And but demand, the suppression of its zation in various regions of the earth."

among their holiest possessions is the true name in the reading of texts. I was thinking in terms of the latest

lifegiving bee. To come down to modern times, researches, and it did not occur to

We need not resort to speculation, it is to say the least a very picturme at the time that the picture of the great dispersion is exactly that depicted in the Bible and the Book of

Mormon! If we are to believe these,

SOME INTERESTING EQUATIONS a single civilization was spread (Draw your own conclusions) throughout the world in the beginning, and historians have now learned

This sign stands for that such was actually the case.

1. The bee. Scholars no longer argue as to

2. of Lower The Kingdom Egypt, whether Egypt or Mesopotamia was Egypt. of Lower Land 3. The

4. Kingship in general the true founder of civilization, fpr

5. Divinity. we now know that both derived their

6. Authority.

7. King of the gods. Godhead. light from a common source,"a world

(Applied to Pharoah after the 19th Dynasty) civilization, spread over an immense area and by no means localized in the

This sign stands for Orient.""In the beginning at least,"

The Red Crown of Lower Egypt. writes Professor Moret, "we cannot

The Crown on the head of Re. separate"the various civilizations of

of Egypt. Lower The King

of Crown, esp. Atum the Creatorgod of the old world, for they are all one. the Red Lord The

Heliopolis (identified by some Egyptologists with Adam). In my recent studies on the ancient

The oldest known symbol of sovereignty in the world = Sequence state I have tried to show that this 3539. Date It first appears at Koptos, where it belongs to the Lady Neith, amazing unity may be easily acIf the name Egypt was derived from Koptos, as some scholars counted for by the fact that all these maintain, the Lady of Koptos may have been Egyptus. civilizations trace their origin back to

V isis calledcalled dsrtdsrt in the above contexts. centralinstitutionsAsia, havewhosethroughoutpeople and historywhose

is called bit, but its original name gives trouble. periodically spilled over into other

Some entomologists think it is a hornet, in which case what is the Egyptian regions—India, China, Egypt, Europe

word for bee?—there to establish kingly and priestana may be substituted for each other, ly dynasties. To top it off. Professor \ Frankfort tells us must now that we yis substituted for Nw it is read "bit"as if h were When

this in include the World New 'bee."Asiatic system, for "in such striking

Does this mean that \ is the "beecrown". Note the antenna! -1 cases as the Early Chinese bronzes,

If this is so then dsrt \ also means beecrown. or the designs of Mexican sculpture or

(Contmued on following page) JANUARY 1952 23 THE WORLD OF THE JAREDITES

(Continued from preceding page) succeeds in ruling the world, but a lence against family predecessors, of the Northwest American Indians, quick reckoning comes when the which generally involves horrific and one must reckon to a greater extent Great Man dies: In a wild scramble obscene incidents."""So much for

than most of us were hitherto prefor the throne among his ambitious the antiquity of the system. There

pared to admit, with the possibility relatives the universal empire promptis now ample reason for believing of diffusion from Eastern Europe and ly collapses: Space, the force that that the oldest empires known to us

the Middle East.'"'A few years ago produced the superstate, now dewere by no means the first, and that

this would have been high treason stroys it by allowing disgruntled or the familiar process goes back to preto American archaeologists. Now it scheming heirs and pretenders to go historic times: "Empires must have

brings the new world into the old off by themselves to distant regions been formed and destroyed then as world picture. In the case of the and found new states with the hope they were to be later on.""'Such

Nephites we can pinpoint the original in time of absorbing all the others empires "were not the result of gradold world cultures represented. In and restoring world dominion. The ual expansion or development but

the case of the Jaredites we can alchaos of the steppes is not the primirapidly became enormous empires most do the same, for they came from tive disorder of savage tribes accidenunder the leadership of a single great the same region, to the north of tally colliding from time to time; it man,"McGovern observes, "and unMesopotamia, that served in ancient is rather, and always has been, a der the reign of his successors slowly

times as a veritable martialing area shrewd game of chess, played by but surely declined,"though in many for world invasions. That is where men of boundless arrogance and cases they "disintegrate immediately

their culture belongs, and that is formidable intellect with mighty arafter the death of their founders.""*

where it fits. mies at their disposal."(To be continued)

It is still too early to attempt a deNow to turn to the Jaredites, their tailed picture of life in the days of whole history is the tale of a fierce and BIBLIOGRAPHY the dispersion. "The archaeology of unrelenting struggle for power. The "Omitted from text,

nomad central Asia is still in its inBook of Ether is a typical ancient We are following Moret in this, Hist, rOrient. defancy,"writes G. N. Roerich. "A chronicle—military and political his- '"Moret,

new branch of historical science is tory with casual references to the "A. H. Gardiner,op. cit. I,Egyptian173. Grammar (Oxcoming into being, the object of wealth and splendor of kings. You ford, 1927), pp. 7273.

which will be to formulate laws that will note that the whole structure '"See the speculations of W. Pleyte, "La

fiir Ztschr. aegyptische Sprache Guepe,"will build up the nomad state and to of Jaredite history hangs on a succes-

p. 14f; Kurt einen Sethe, "Ueber IV (1866),

study the remains of a great forsion of strong men, most of them vermeintlichen Lautwerth des Zeichens der gotten past."'"But the general picrather terrible figures. Few annals Biene,"Ibid. XXX (1892), 113-9; Karl Piehl,

Signe (Abeille),"Ibid. "La Lecture duture begins to take form. Let me of equal terseness and brevity are

p. 85. (1898), XXXVI

quickly sketch for you the rough outfreighted with an equal burden of '"Sethe, Aeug. Ztscher. XXX, 117.

line. wickedness. The pages of Ether are "H. Grapow, Aegypt. Handworterbuch,

dark with intrigue and violence, 223. The basic fact is space—vast expanses of grassland, woods, and strictly of the Asiatic brand. When Gardiner, op. cit., p. 491. The final "t"

mountains, where hunters and herds- a rival for the kingdom is bested, he is the feminine ending, the root being dsr.

men have ranged since time imgoes off by himself in the wilderness A. Erman & H. Grapow, Worterhuch der

memorial, trespassing on each other's and bides his time while gathering aegypt. Sprache, I, 435.

'=T. 364367. Gaster, Thespis, In H. pp. is of outcasts."This an done "army territory, raiding other's settleeach

his the Gaster notes Telepinu on Myth, to himself "drawing by off"men cattle, other'sments, stealing each ties all rites that points the over to connect and grimly pursuing or escaping each through lavish bestowal of gifts and the ancient world.

other by turns. In good times the bribes. The forces thus won are *Moret, op. cit. I, 75180, 189, 207222,

tribes multiply, and there is crowdretained by the taking of terrible 230ff, especially 257 f.

ing; in bad times they are forced to oaths. When the aspirant to the '"'In Egypt "the kings of the North were

of in Bouto: the a Bee incarnated totem finally strong throne becomes enough in other'sinvade lands search each

cit. 178. 1, op. (bit)"; Moret, rival to of his dispose by assassinais of grass. result chaos, chronic a The

I, cit. 434. op. ''Erman Grapow, & tion, revolution, battle, or a pitched acondition standing has been which

"'K. in Sethe, Ztscher. Aeg. (1892), XXX in the former bandit turn outlaw andchallenge to the genius ambition and es steht aher, 118: zu Als was Determinativ

of men with a talent for leadership. mounts the throne to cope with a heachten ist, stets alien anderen voran....

Periodically the Great Man appears new batch of rebels and pretenders. ''Moret, op. cit. I, 12.

in Asia to unite his own tribe in This you will instantly recognize as H. Frankfort, Cylinder Seals (London,

fanatical devotion to himself, subthe biography of the typical Asiatic Macmillan, 1939), p. 311.

due neighboring tribes one after anconqueror. It is a strange, savage 'Trails to Inmost Asia, p. 123.

other, and by crushing all resistance picture of nightmare politics that the "'For a general treatment of this theme, at last bring "peace and order"to the Book of Ether paints, but it is hissee Ellsworth Huntington, Mainsprings of world. The endless expanse of the torically a profoundly true picture. Civilization187207. (N. Y., John Wiley, 1945), pp.

steppes and the lack of any natural Take a few examples. C. J. Gadd, Ideas of Divine Rule in the

boundaries call for statesmanship in In the oldest records of the race Ancient East (The Schweich Lectures 1945;

the grand manner, the concept and we find the supreme god, founder of London, 1948), p. 1.

techniques of empire being of Asiatic the state and cult, "Winning his way ""Vernadsky, Ancient Russia, p. 27.

origin. For a time one mind nearly to the throne by battle, often by vio- *McGovern, Early Empires, p. 116 f.

24 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ON areTHEseveralwalls ofrecentlyour wardreceivedchapel standard quorum awards. Onthe uniforms of our Scout troop are r o u k ikp

more than three hundred merit badges received at courts of honor this year. In our chapel entrance are

thirtythreepictures of girls—wineS o girls'of theners award. YOUTH

From the time we first walk out of junior Sunday School with stars on our foreheads, We are encouraged by badges and "bandlos,"by contests and competition, to participate in Church activities. Whenever and

wherever the measuring tape can be applied, we are given awards for accomplishment.

Competition of this kind is stimulating. It holds our interest, encourages us to effort. But as we

mature, we need to ask ourselves a few questions about awards and us. Our answers may be revealing.

Do we see beyond the award to Awards And Rewards true benefits?

our neighborhood A lad in ron was vJ>iAJ Liam t his father several yearspromised by ago that if he would stay away from cigarets and drink he would be Do our efforts begin and end with moved together and harmonized.

given a new car on his twentyfirst the contest? The judges returned to announce

birthday. He "won"the car. Today If a hundred quartets organize the winner, but the group went on

he smokes and drinks. for competition, if three win and singing. When the announcement

He was one hundred percent ninetyseven lose, if all of them diswas finally made, there was no illhandshakes and morewrong in his perspective. band until the next contest, there is feeling—only

that from All songs. went home if the value. same But no real to realize that rethe need We singers, finer friends, closer becontest together stay quartets hundred is serving, in performing andward Saints. better Latterday and love sing love to and they cause talin developing ourselves our and

ents, in living the precepts of Christ, to serve, if they perfect their lives Are we becoming twentieth cennot [or doing these things. Effort and their singing, and if they go tury Pharisees?

and growth enrich us eternally. throughout the Church to inspire If the glitter of awards distorts

Awards and cups gather dust in and entertain, the values are lasting. our sense of values, we may be like

attic drawers. Living precepts of Contests and awards should make the man of wealth who gives only

truth merely for a framed certificate us more aware of our opportunities when he is assured a name on a {or a colored badge or a new car) for selfdevelopment and service, plaque, a picture in the paper, or a is like cutting the lawn with a not forgetful of them. public announcement of his charity.

Such a generous. He is man is not thatmower has no blades—to imDo we compete—and then envy? publicity. buying merelypress the neighbors.

Have you ever hoped during a The Master said, "Let not thy 'ucif'naftfllfBtSS'iPW.'lf road show that the presentation of left hand know what thy right

less impresbe other wards verdoeth."modern more hand A /Contributions peoyoung by durwished sive than be, yours—everwould puffed sion not would "Be uf) the ple to Through Church of that contest or speech quartet a ing tithing receipts, and your work by will o/ the be Youth Eyes weU

flat or perform go others would service, of acts Churchyour editors your the corned by The of

Improvement Era. Each manuwith less ability than you or your going."To avoid selfrighteousness script submitted will be carefully friends—ever been jealous of the we should try to keep our good

will winner considered and. if accepted, and complained of the judgworks a secret—even from ourrates. at regular ing? be paid for selves.

wellwritten, Articles must be by was exhibited way The better a has been I know a man who to in length, 1500 words and 800 recently competed a group who to fifesaver in financial convert many vital insubjects written on of the quartets contest. After a stake families here from have come who terest the to concern young and

people of the Church. Church performed, the judges left the room the old country where he once

standards, ideals, and teachings, to deliberate. One of the quartets labored as a missionary. By loans

of course, must be upheld. began humming a Church favorite. (which usually turn out to be gifts)

Spontaneously the other singers {Continued on page 48)

JANUARY 195? 25

TIHI Ej i>i>le4><5ie4 N

A CENTURY OF MORMON journals and diaries should be prerable expedition from Sante Fe into what

ACTIVITIES IN CALIFORNIA served since they furnish rare source is now New Mexico, Colorado, Utah,

VOLUME I material for the histories that will be and Arizona. The primary purpose of

(Leo J. Muir. Deseret News Press, Salt more accurately written with them the expedition was to explore a possible

Lake City, Utah. I95L Illustrated. 512 available.—M. C. /. route from New Mexico to Monterey in

pages. $10.00 for the two volume set.) California. Pageant in the Wilderness

have not as yet read this work MY BOOK HOUSE is the story of that historymaking "EsWl Miller. (Edited Olive Beaupre by author, expedition. The calante"who The as narrative, a read one would

for Children, Chicago, Book House trail presents person, in retraced the has it a labor frombut long comes on the Illinois. services. volumes Twelve and first twentythe one hundred and on ofpart for lifetime a has a who man

1951. $69.50.) of narrative the his pages seven own his of in heart the the Church,had work

and who has had his heart in Church npHE newly revised edition of My Book trip, then follows the dayto-day Esactivities in California for a large part House contains in its twelve handcalante diary, translated and annotated of his mature life. some volumes 773 rhymes, poems, and to make for easier and clearer reading.

It contains a great wealth of historical stories from about one hundred and Two large maps accompanying the book information from earliest Church beeighty authors, selected from the everpermit the reader to trace the route of ginnings in California, the Sam lasting favorites of the world's finest the expedition accurately.

Brannan era, the Mormon Battalion in children's literature. Fairy tales, The book is a scholarly work and a

episode, the San Bernardino project, fables, folklore, legends, and adventure valuable contribution to Utah and the individual personalities who have stories from half a dozen continents and Southwestern United States history.

moved through, the scenes for more half a hundred countries are included.—D. L. G.

than a century, the missions, the misThe 27,053 pages are lavishly illustrated LETTER A TO SON MY original drawings more than 2,000 presidents,sion stakes the and and with Salt Bookcraft, Stewart, Lake Pate (Ora for especially folk deyoung and made includiiig followed, havewards which 1951. pages. City, $1.00.) 109 Utah. text. to illustrate signed the mateThe of dates, scoresthousands names and

of pictures of the past and present, and rial is wellarranged and beautifully npHis little book, written out of the commentaries on policies, progress, and printed. heart of a skilful writer who is also

personalities. Volume one begins with the sim- a mother, attempts to answer many of

The compilereditor has done a monuplest of nursery rhymes; volume twelve the questions that arise, especially in

mental work, which will prove to be a contains the stories of the lives of many our day, in behalf of the needs of young highly useful reference work for those authors and traces the development of people of our day. It is so short as to

who have been associated with and good literature from the days of Chaucer be only of a few hours reading. It would

those who have followed the progress down to the present. In between these do all Latterday Saints good to read

of the Church in California. two, graded to fill the reading needs and the book. ]. A. W.

Leo J. Muir, the compiler and editor, fit the mental, emotional, and physical

has himself rendered notable service development of a child from infancy THE STATE OF ASIA in southern California as a stake presithrough adolescence, is a selection of (Lawrence K. Rosinger & Associates.

dent, as well as serving the Church literature which would grace the Alfred A. Knopf, New York. 1951. 522

as president of the Northern States shelves of any home. pages. $6.00.)

Mission. We congratulate him on the All of the selections are carefully inHThe world today has become rapidly

completion of the first volume of this dexed alphabetically in each volume. smaller—and it behooves all who

formidable undertaking. R. L. E. There is also a master index of authors, live on it to know about the rest who

titles, leading characters, and special inhabit it. This book, compiled by

HEART THROBS OF THE WEST encessubjects, forwithcharacterbuildinga separate list of items.referLawrenceauthorities K.onRosingereach of fromthe variousarticlessecby

(Kate B. Carter. Daughters of the Utah not only to entertain and inform the tions that exist in the minds of thinkPioneers, Salt Lake City. 1951. 494 child who reads these volumes but also ing Westerners concerning the reasons

pages. $3.00.) to carefully guide him down the path for the tense situation in Asia. When

"pACH year the succeeding volume of which will lead to an understanding of one recalls that since World War II this series is eagerly awaited by and a love for the best in literature. eight new nations have developed in

those who know the worth of Heart In times like these when so much that the Orient, the relative importance of

Throbs of the West. The first section is undesirable reaches the eyes and a study of this area becomes of vital

includes the founding of the schools in ears of our children, a higher endorseimportance. Furthermore, many of the

pioneer communities: the University of ment could scarcely be given a set of essential products and resources for

Utah, Morgan College, schools throughbooks. D. L. G. western economy are bound up in this

out the state of Utah, early schools in area and in the Near East. As the auIdaho, Arizona, and California. "Stories PAGEANT IN THE WILDERNESS thor states in his introductory chapter,

to Tell Your Children"abounds in in- (Herbert E. Bolton. Utah State Histor- "The old order in Asia was in dissolucidents that will bring pride to deical Society, Salt Lake City. 1951. 265 tion, but a new order remained to be

scendants of the pioneers who will learn pages. $5.50.) created. It was in the basic interest of

of the sacrifices they made to settle 'T'he year the American Declaration Americans to play a helpful, role in the land. One of the most important of Independence was signed, 1776, shaping this new order through policies

features of this new volume is the two Franciscan priests. Fray Francisco that would promote peace, the exteninclusion of the "Journal and Diary of Atanasio Dominguez and Fray Silvestre sion of freedom, and higher living

William Marsden."These original Velez de Escalante, conducted a memostandards."—-M. C. /.

26 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IN AUSTRALIA THE BEGINNINGS AUSTRALIA—that great continent

"down under"was one of the lands to which the attention of RESEARCH EDITOR, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the elders was turned for missionary purposes during the lifetime of the

Prophet Joseph Smith. This month baptize a man and his wife; they had writ- "Proclamation"; two thousand copies

I receive to did not but me, ten a letter ViPratt's "Remarkable it, of Orson of the centennial marks 1952 January the see so to the what was came man five sions"; hymnbooks; and hundred of branch. the first known... said] I did come. not [He reason why

The first missionary to be sent to "One of your brethren came to live with two thousand copies of "History of

Australia was seventeenyear-old me and my wife in our hut, and has been the Persecution"of the Saints."

of darkness us of out bringing the means Barrett, ordained William was who

... [sic] light."the marvellous into We 'HThe following Sunday, November 2, in 1840, Hanley, an elder on July 11, at all there sungot night travelled and

Staffordshire, England, by Elder rise.... As soon as I conveniently could, the elders attended an outdoor

George A. Smith of the Council of I attended to the duties [of baptism], and meeting of the Primitive Methodists

the Twelve and by Elder Alfred we experienced much of the goodness of on the old race course in Sydney.

Cordon. Elder Barrett immediately God."After the meeting closed. Elder Murdeparted for his field of labor. In a Perhaps the modern beginnings of dock arose and asked to be heard.

letter received in April 1841 by the missionary service in Australia can be When he introduced himself as a members of the Twelve who were dated to October 30, 1851, when missionary of the Church of Jesus laboring in England, he reported that Elders John Murdock and Charles W. Christ of Latterday Saints, Mr. Moss,

he had "arrived safe at Adelaide after Wandell arrived in Sydney, Australia. the minister, said: "Oh, a Mormon,

a rough passage but had not baptized They had left their homes in Utah eh?"and promptly informed Elder

any persons. Obstacles to the introthat March, traveling first to southMurdock that he himself was the

duction of the work of the Lord are ern California, then to San Francisco, only minister who had permission very great.""Elder George A. Smith where the missionary party separated, to occupy the ground that they were

later testified that Elder Barrett "was some obtaining passage to the Sandstanding on for preaching purposes.

enabled to sow the good seed, which wich Islands, others to South America, Then the reverend gentleman hurafterwards bore fruit."'and these two brethren to Australia. ried away. Most of the congregation

In one of his early missionary trips After obtaining lodgings, they imstayed and asked for a declaration of to Scotland, Elder Orson Pratt of the mediately approached a printer and principles.

Council of the Twelve had baptized arranged for the publication of two Responding immediately, Elder

Andrew Anderson. Sometime later, thousand copies of Parley P. Pratt's Murdock briefly but forcefully laid

Brother dissatisfied Anderson, first with of gospel, principles the the down

Seasons, 989990. VI: August Timea and (Nauvoo, unsettled the economic conditions this 1845.) In Elder the Anderson Star, 459. MiUcnnial XIV:

of persons ten the comprised membershiplists letterwho prevailing Isles British at in the that namesof1, in Australia the as page (Continued "as far Church 50) I know."on

time, took his family to Australia, obtaining free passage in return for Airview of Sydney, Australia a year's servitude at moderate wages.

Writing to an old friend and fellow

Church member in Scotland late in 1844, Elder Anderson said: "The

work of the Lord is moving slowly on here."For the preceding two winters

he had printed handbills, similar to those that Elder Pratt had used in

Edinburgh several years before. Elder

Anderson endeavored to preach every

Sunday evening, and in one district he had visited, Wellington, a magistrate had threatened to banish him, but, he wrote, "however, they have never tried as yet."He went on:

Since I began this letter, I have been called the distance of eighteen miles to

ID. H. C. IV: 154.

mem., IV: 343.

B. H. Roberts, Comprehensive History of the

Church, IV: 70, note 32.

JANUARY 1952 27 Conversation at Dinner E,liice orm &aLief JEANETTE held every moment of He bowed slightly, amusement the evening as if it vvere as tilting the clean line of his mouth.

precious as the gardenia in her Her eyes fell before the level look corsage, because it was the last. in his, sliding down the dark sleeve

This was the last time Richard to the smooth brown of his knuckwould call for her, the last time he les, the hard slenderness of his would meet her, both his hands fingers. It took courage to go on,

outstretched to hers. They were but she did it with an air.

having dinner in the Emerald Room, "Skiing,"she said. The wind in

and somewhere, somehow, during her face on the long slope they had the evening she must find the words taken together. That was her love

to tell him. for Richard. "No one ever had such

"We'll take this, and this,"he a gay companion—such a sporting

was telling the waiter, indicating companion."The words sounded

with his pencil the items on the brittle and insincere, but they set menu. "And the lady is absolutely the pace. Richard was toying with

not to know what is coming."the saltcellar, tipping it straight up

Jeanette gave him a sidelong look.

I again!"Plotting won't Perhaps

hikes, the ballet, the theater, and had—the oflike it."That only one was the the long together."enjoyed so much "I shalltalks—especiallynever forget thethe longgoodtalks;timeswewehave

dear things about Richard, his delightful surprises.

"I guarantee you'll like it. Who so that a little white river poured a cially the long talks; we have enknows better what you will like mound on the table cloth. joyed so much together."

than I do? I will tell you this, "Music."Symphony music, and He eyed the little hill criticalthough. It comes from Nova two people lost in the magic of ly. "The headboard is too small,"

Scotia,"and he was off on a word sound. Two currents merging with he complained.

trip of bays and inlets, slimsailed all the little rivulets of melody swirl- "The headboard?"Jeanette looked

boats, and picturesque fishermen. ing and eddying about them. Out down. He had built a small grave

"It's all blue and green—blue and beyond, down through the forof salt, with a toothpick for the

water and grassy banks, pointed ests and pastoral lands, through the headboard. "Too small?"

trees and shrubs. The cottages are city and beyond, to flow with maj- "For that fine epitaph. Here

of slate, and there is a scarlet roof esty to the sea. "I never heard lies friendship. With garlands of

here, a bright red boat there, to music until I heard it with you."eulogies. Or shall we always be

friends? Would you like that,point up the coloring. A marvelous That was sincere enough. Too

place to go. I'll take you there sincere for the light touch. His Jeanette? I could go on writing my

someday."eyes met hers for a brief instant. gabby letters even after I had

There it was again! His words picked up the newspaper telling of

made her more aware that the time "Skating,"she said quickly and your wedding to soand-so, son of might be short. For her it was could go on only because the dark suchand-such."

gone already. Never had she known fringe of his lashes shadowed his That hurt. "Richard! No!"She

more than she did this minute that eyes again. He shaped the little could never bear that. It had to be

she loved Richard, with a love that mound of salt with his knifeedge. quick. It had to be final. "It was She was really handling this with only—was as complete as it was hopeless.

The same thing must not happen finesse. It was a way out for Rich- "It was only because you thought

to him. There was a sudden dryard, with pride and a light good- I was falling in love with you, and

ness of her mouth, a sudden bleakbye. What happened to her in you wanted to stop me, let me out

ness that fell over the enchantment. the small hours of the night after gracefully. Wasn't that it?"

"Richard!"she said. he was gone was another matter. Suddenly the enormity of her

Richard looked at her quickly. "I shall never forget you,"she presumption overwhelmed Jeanette.

Was there a flash of apprehension said, and as she went on, all richShe felt the dull red creep up her in his eyes? But no! They were cool ness faded out. The way became cheeks.

and noncommittal as he leaned back very narrow, the gate very straight, "Yes,"she admitted truthfully, in his chair, but there was an air and life seemed to stretch out be- "because I couldn't see marriage of watchful waiting about him. fore her in the grayness of disinterahead for us. Before it was too

"Yes?"he said finally, and she est. Life without Richard! "I shall late."

hardly knew how to begin. never forget the good times we have "Because of the difference in our

"You are such a good companhad—the hikes, the ballet, the religion,"he stated,

ion,"she said and stopped. theater, and the long talks—espe- "Yes,"Jeanette said simply.

28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Richard leveled out the mound of Something so strong, some essence, for each other. It was beauty too

salt. "It is too late,"he said. some force, I should have felt it sacred to mar.

His words hung in silence. in the dark. It sang in my veins: It was a tide upon which to drift,

Jeanette's pulse began a steady, Here she is! This is the one!"and tremendous temptation to do

slow pounding that was suffocation Jeanette sat silent. It was an unjust that. But marriage was more

in her throat. canny description of how she had than soft music, lights, and perfume.

He continued, "It was too late felt herself. It could change to ugliness and

the minute I met you.""I've looked at it,"Richard went death in sudden and vicious alJeanette opened her mouth to on. "I've examined it from every chemy without the fundamentals,

speak, but no words came. angle, but there it is. No different without the essentials, and without

"I didn't believe in love at first tonight than it was that day! This faith. The proof of that was all

sight,"Richard went on, "too many is it, Jeanette. Deny it if you can."too visible on every hand. Yes,

things involved. But sure as you "I can't deny it, Richard. The she loved Richard. Richard loved

live, something happened when I same thing happened to me."her, but this could make no differsaw you. Something wonderful. "Jeanette!"Richard made no ence in her decision. It would only

Do you remember that day?"move to touch her, to reach for be infinitely harder, now.

"I remember,"Jeanette said, unher hand, but he was visibly moved. "Time is heaven,"Richard was

steadily. Would she ever forget Relief and joy flooded his face, and saying. "Time with you—to talk

it? Richard, a brilliant streak on the his eyes embraced her, his voice things out, to work together. Is

white slope of Alta, against a backcaressed her. "Jeanette, I love you."there one single thing in which we

ground of pointed firs, swerving to "I love you, Richard,"Jeanette disagree? One single subject that

a stop where she had tumbled into we haven't discussed?"

the snow. "One,"said Jeanette, with ice

in her heart, laying the issue on the table between them, "only one."

"Why have we steered around religion?"Richard wanted to know.

"It is so personal and so sacred,"

Jeanette said, feeling her way.

"That, and fear,"Richard agreed.

"I was afraid it would come between us. I have thought a great

deal about it. I wanted to talk

about it, but I just didn't dare."

"Richard! You did? So did I."

They both laughed, and their laughter was like a bridge over a chasm.

"I was afraid, too. And it might!"

"It might,"agreed Richard soberly. "Jeanette, remember the day

I asked you to take that hill with me when we were late?"

"It took all my courage,"Jeanette confessed, remembering the dizzy incline that skirted a sheer canyon wall.

"But you did it,"Richard exulted. "Now we must take another.

Ready?""If you say so, I'm not afraid,"assented Jeanette, wondering trembroken?"bones "Any he had it? ever forget Richard, Would she ulously what, exactly, he meant.asked, giving streak her slope white the she a brilliant on a hand, and

"What, Richard? I'm ready. What against of Alta, of a backgroundhad come up laughing with him,

firs, pointed to a stop swerving is it?"

their faces flushed in the winter where she had tumbled in the snow.

sun, with the blue, blue sky over- "I love you, Jeanette. I want to

head. The fresh sweetness of the marry you, but I never will until

air that day had remained in their said simply, because she could not we agree on the subject of rehgion."

relationship throughout. Oh, how honor him with less than the truth. The hill was heady; the descent

was she going to give him up? Time stood still. The waiter came \yas sharp, but they took it to-

"You looked like an ad for winthen, deftly serving them the gether. "That,"said Jeanette, "is

ter sports—with that scarlet and creamy lobster on its red halfshell. exactly what I've been trying to

white outfit of yours. It was more It could be like this forever, with say to you."

than your mouth, and your eyes, Richard loving her, with her loving "I want children. I want a home.

and the blueblack glints in your Richard, Everything fell away from Divided faith is none at all. I'd

hair. It was more than all that. this one glorious fact—their love (Concluded on page 63)

JANUARY 1952 29 JOHN A. WIDTSOE

{Continued from page 19) 1901 to 1907 excites astonishment as During his first year as president widely separated countries over the well as admiration. he organized the agricultural extenworld. Over the years it has been Whether it was wise to take him sion work as a coordinate division of

no uncommon thing to see in courtout of research and put him into the college, later recognized by act rooms where irrigation problems were administrative work is a question of Congress in the SmithLever Act the subject of litigation his book which in this life can never be reof 1914.

pored over and quoted from by court solved. Here is involved the elusive During subsequent years he orand counsel. matter of relative values. He was ganized many new departments, put

Modestly Dr. Widtsoe has written, eminently successful in both fields. courses in experiments on an elective

under an assignment requiring his It is perhaps safe to assume that left basis, raised entrance standards from telling something about the work he to his own choice he would have two years high school work to rehad done: "I suppose I may claim to elected to stay with science. quirements of standard colleges, sebe a pioneer in the field of placing irThis writer can never forget making cured an impressive number of new

rigation on a scientific basis, and a a trip to Logan with Dr. Widtsoe buildings, built up new laboratories

pioneer scientific investigator of the when he was president of the Uniin practically every science taught in possibilities of growing crops without versity of Utah. He ended by drivthe college, and set up the correspondirrigation under a low rainfall... miling around to the experiment farm ence department, farmers'roundups

lions of acres in America and other established by him when he was and housekeepers'conferences. "An

countries are now redeemed. There director of the Station and where educational institution,"he declared,

are now many villages and happy the experiments were conducted "that confines its work to the college homes on the desert which this work which furnished the basis of his hiscampus fails in our day to render done by myself and my colleagues torymaking books, bulletins, and service to its constituents."

helped to bring about."There is both publications on irrigation and dry He found faculty salaries extremely

romance and drama in the typical farming, which have so incalculably low and worked several years before story of the establishment of the enriched the dwellers on arid lands he convinced the Board of Trustees fortyacre experimental farm on the in many countries throughout the that they should authorize him to

Levan Ridge, Utah, where billowing world. He sat there apparently lost fix a schedule for the various ranks

fields of grain now spread out on in reverie. No one spoke. Finally, nearly twenty percent above what it

lands that were before only sageas if speaking to himself and unhad been. At the same time he resobrush wastes. conscious of the presence of anyone lutely refused to have his own salary

Out of Dr. Widtsoe's discoveries else, he said, "The state of Utah increased. Finally after the board

and demonstrations came the Intermade a great mistake when it took tried for three years to increase the national Dryfarm Congress to which me out of this Experiment Station."president's salary, they sent him out

delegates were sent from many counIt was as if he had been seeing pass of board meeting on an errand, and tries. With it he was prominently by in procession a train of discoverin his absence increased his salary.

identified until it had fully filled its ies his fertile, imaginative mind had With much labor and persistence purpose. conjured up as feasible realities if he convinced the board of the necesPerhaps by this time the reader he had been left to give them birth. sity of a sabbatical leave program and

has formed some conclusion as to But who shall say? The period then sent many men, particularly

whether Dr. Widtsoe has justified of his presidency at the Utah Agrifrom the West, away for their higher

Dr. Jackson's early prediction for him cultural College saw great expansion degrees, thus greatly strengthening

of a career so distinguished "that it in the work, prestige, and influence the faculty.

would be followed with interest and of the College. Many of the things In many ways he was a trailadmiration by the whole chemical he did so greatly contributing to that blazer. Under his direction the first

world."expansion he could not have done if soil survey in the state of Utah was

He was director of the Utah Exhe had not been the authoritative made. In 1911 he secured the apperiment Station where he could dehead of the school. By the same pointment of an agricultural agent

vote himself to scientific research and token, as president, advantaged by for work in the Uintah Basin who experimentation for but a scant five his intimate acquaintance with the was probably the first county agent years. In 1907 he was made presidiscoveries of the station and their in the United States. In 1913 he

dent of the Utah Agricultural Colfar-reaching potentialities, he imsent a qualified woman to Sanpete lege, which position he held for plemented them into practical appliand Sevier valleys as the first home the next nine years and could have cation as he could not have done demonstrator county agent in the held indefinitely so firmly was he inas the station director. Though unUnited States. Now such agents are

trenched in the confidence and esteem able to carry forward experimental routine.

of the trustees and the people of the details, he nevertheless from prior exUtah Agricultural College gradustate. All the rest of his academic perience and clear vision of needs and ates soon were being sent to Uruguay

life he was weighted down with the possibilities could and did influence and the Argentine and other foreign exacting, timeconsuming duties of powerfully the course of experimental countries as well as throughout the executive administration. This left progress. It is idle to speculate about United States.

little opportunity for carrying on rethe position in which he could have Under his direction a bill was search and experimental work, but rendered the greater service to his drafted and given to Senator Reed his accomplishment during the period generation. Smoot to be introduced into the

30 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA United States Senate. After some $28,000,000.00 because of mistakes of but yielding to the persuasion of

years'delay federal legislation patboth engineers and farmers. Having friends who argued the case on the

terned on the lines of this bill was gained a close insight into governbasis of the demands of a public enacted giving women in the field ment operations, he came to this service, he permitted himself to be of home economics opportunities fixed conclusion, "Bureaucracy and elected to the post at great financial similar to those afforded by the legisincreased government by bureaus will sacrifice with the assumption of new lation enacted for agricultural exalways lead to disaster.','and arduous duties.

perimentation and extension work. Currently he is one of a threeman The university was in a state of

Dr. Widtsoe is the author of about Royal Commission appointed by the upheaval. Recommendation for cerforty scientific bulletins on Utah agriCanadian Government to report with tain dismissals and demotions of

culture and has contributed more recommendations upon the vast Sasfaculty members had been made.

than two hundred articles and edikatchewan River Project which may Seventeen professors resigned in protorials on this and kindred subjects. take ten years for completion and test. Alumni and state organizations

He carries on a voluminous corinvolves a cost of approximately 125 entered the agitation. The reputation

respondence with notable people as million dollars and would turn nearly of the university was a subject of nawell as others in various parts of five hundred thousand acres of arid tional discussion. The new president

the world. For more than thirty prairie land into livable and farmable stepped into this difficult situation.

years separated from academic work country. Moreover he was heir to the envies

and earlier still taken by the hand A quarter of a century before, the and jealousies which disappointed of destiny out of his loved laboratory Province of Alberta, Canada, called aspirants to the position nursed. The

and seated at the office desk, yet he for his advice toncerning the provinfaculty, not knowing what to expect kept up his dry farm and irrigation cialsupported Lethbridge irrigation from the new man, were uncertain connections though they were much project which seemed to be failing. about their own security, and on edge.

interfered with during the exacting, The Parliament passed an act based All this he had foreseen. He wrote

strengthconsuming demands of his on his report, and the project seems in his diary: "I valued the confidence

university presidency. Even since now to be prospering. Later, while placed in me, and I had no fears

his call to Church duties, his profeshe was in Liverpool, England, preabout the future of the school; but

sional service is in constant demand siding over the European Mission of why should I have to carry the burden and quite generally has been given the Church, the premier of Alberta of straightening things out? I had

gratuitously. solicited him to help in some of their already had a great deal of that to do

By consent and advice of the Presiagricultural matters, offering an exfor the state of Utah. Washing dirty

dency of the Church, he responded ceedingly flattering fee which of course linen for a state is always an unto many highly important public he could not accept. pleasant task."

calls, among them an invitation from True to his conviction about the The new president, fully aware of the governor and the state engineer importance of agriculture as a foundathe undercurrents flowing from the of Utah to join an exploring expedition upon which a nation safely general air of unrest, suspicion, and tion down the Colorado River in may be built, he has told the Cana- "show me"attitude of many with search of possible dam sites, and then dian government in a published interwhom he had to work, chose to igto assist in formulating the famous view that rich as it is in land and nore most of them, trusting to the

Colorado River Compact. The state natural resources, the nation will healing powers of time to cure many

engineer has told how Dr. Widtsoe never reach its ultimate strength until raw sores.

through his knowledge, wide acthe vast unpopulated areas of the Obviously the first task was the quaintance, and diplomacy, so notaprairie are filled in. "Canada,"he restoration of order and good feelbly contributed to securing the final said, "must become one continuous ing. Tact, patience, and diplomacy

adoption of that document. home. Neighbors must be able to won the day. Gradually it began to

Following closely the completion shake hands with each other all be manifest that sincerity, open, frank of that work, he became, through the across the country,"honesty of dealing, and the good of of Secretarycall of Works, Hubert school, perdivorced wholly from As President of the University of the States, of Interiorthe the United sonal ambitions the guidto be were vice president and secretary of the Utah ing principles of the new administracommittee created to examine into Entering upon his ninth year as tion. It was soon equally apparent

the conditions of the projects of the president of the Utah State Agriculthat the president knew not only

Bureau of Reclamation which by that tural College with everything moving what he wanted to do but also how to time had expended $134,000,000.00 smoothly toward what he conceived do it. Under these calming, reassuring

Some of the water users under to be its destiny, he was beginning influences, unrest began soon to disthese projects were discouragingly to nurse hopes of a little easing of appear, and men and women at the in arrears in their payments. the terrific pace he had so long maininstitution, mainly highminded, honDr. Widtsoe took up his residence tained and of carrying forward some orable people, settled cheerfully

in Washington, D. C, for a time and long postponed plans. In a new down to work. Finally student body,

compiled the data for the committee building then being erected he realumni, and faculty, with one or two and in the end wrote its report which served a room to be fitted up for his exceptions, gave wholehearted alwas published by Congress under the use as a private laboratory. His legiance to the school and the admintitle, Federal Reclamation by Irrigadream was rudely shattered by a call istration. Among these the president

tion. Following the findings of to the presidency of the University established lasting friendships.

that report, Congress charged off of Utah. He didn't want to take it. (Continued on following page)

JANUARY 1952 31 JOHN A. WIDTSOE

(Continued from preceding page) medical school activity extension der the presidency of Dr. A. Ray

Following his lifelong habit of work in health matters, notably in Olpin.

looking for causes he soon discovered child health welfare, which was grateAs if internal troubles at the unisome fruitful sources of recent troufully received by the mothers of the versity had not been enough, our

I, and bles. A university, like any large public state. nation entered World War

enterprise, requires for its effective adHe organized the school of comthe university campus was transministration orderly procedure. There merce (now called business adminisformed into a military camp, slowing

were statutes authorizing the estabtration) conceived to serve as a up progress planned for the great lishment of the university, the comtraining school for industrial and institution which the president had position of the board of regents, and commercial leadership in our richly always envisioned. The war, morevarious rules and regulations governendowed but as yet undeveloped over, imposed multitudinous new

ing the institution, but strangely state; inaugurated the group elective duties upon the president, such as

enough they had not been collected system under which candidates for chairmanship of the Salt Lake City together in one place or published. degrees are required to earn a certain foodproduction committee, member

There was no set of board regulanumber of credits in physical science, of the State Council of Defense, and tions derived as bylaws from the biological sciences, social sciences, and active participant in the campaign general state laws, and nothing had the humanities, so that each shall for economical use of irrigation.

been crystallized as to relationships have an acquaintance with the basic The extent and farreaching effects among regents, faculty, and other emareas of knowledge. For the rest the of his contributions to the university

ployees, and oftentimes decisions prestudent is free to elect his studies, can be but glimpsed. They are solid

viously made were forgotten. thus affording him while concentratbuttresses upon which the instituAs his first act, even before entering upon some particular field of tion has expanded and will continue

ing upon his official duties. Dr. Widtknowledge, the opportunity to form to expand. All things considered,

soe formulated a series of board rules at least a speaking acquaintance with it is doubtful if a greater example and regulations and a code regarding the great heritage of the past. of administrative leadership can be

faculty deliberation and decision, all The home economics department produced. If the story of Dr. Widtof which were printed and published was taken out of the basement and soe's presidency of the University of

and are followed today with such given new space of its own, and a Utah is ever written, as it is to be amendments and revisions as the suitable building was erected for the hoped it will be, there will be an years have brought and have conStewart Training School which was astonished opening of eyes.

tributed greatly to the saving of time made a part of the training in the In 1921, with the storm ridden and debate and the restoration of school of education. out, and quiet and order practically

restored pattern estaband a broad order. simple, nonim- These seem active in national Dr. Widtsoe was

lished far looking into future, the pressive, nonspectacular and circles, things, educational adand made call he his of responded to the university adminisbut they put the quality, in in dresses ranking high to Church, able the and turn was tration legal a footing upon sound exposition, of conception and in what to school his over successor as far an solution the wentand toward is it true of a education best and how orderly, concern. smoothrunning troublesthe recently that plagued had fostered accessible. be and may made

the institution. For two successive terms he was It is doubtful if at the time when he

Meantime, amidst all of the mudpresident of the Utah Educational left active association in the academic dle, the future growth and developAssociation where he labored to bring world, there was any man who knew ment of the school must not be about a closer unity between the high more thoroughly the rich and varied neglected. True to his long held schools and the institutions of higher natural resources of Utah and their

conviction that to meet its obligations learning in the state, believing that potentialities than did he, though he to the state the activity and influence both parts of the state's educational understood that realization of many of the university must reach out far system would thus be greatly benelatent possibilities must wait till unbeyond the campus confines, extendfited. He foresaw and urged preparafolding events made the time ripe.

ing its privileges to all who wanted tion for the time when higher degrees to participate in its benefits, the new would be required for teachers in the Church Service president in his first year established high schools and correspondingly Nothing has been said directly the extension division with corhigher requirements for grade school about Dr. Widtsoe's Church service.

respondence courses and extension teachers as well. That is so wellknown that it needs

classes offered in many places. This After a long struggle he had the little elaboration. It stands at the

department has since greatly exmaster's degree authorized at the head of all his long list of absorbing panded and grown into a popular U. S. A. C, in telling about which he interests and includes service as

and important division of the school. comments, "Similar objections will be Church commissioner of education,

After many trips to the headraised when the schools of Utah atas president of the European Mission quarters of the American Medical tempt to offer the doctor's degree. for the longest continuous term of

Association, he secured for the new But.., such a step forward in Utah record, notable service to the temples

twoyear medical school an A-rating, should be taken soon."This was and the Genealogical Society and the

obtained for it a new building, still written long before the University of general boards, courses of study for in use, and introduced as part of the Utah conferred a doctor's degree un- (Continued on page 34) 32 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA another Allis-'Chalmers contribution to better farming pOWMHSHlpf 't 'e/.

SIMPLE AS TURNING

A NUT ON A BOLT—

Just ease in the clutch, and engine power slides the rear wheels in or out to any position you select. A

quick, effortless operation instead of a halfthe-morning chore!

You power shift the wheels safely from the tractor seat, to fit any row or implement. Change the wheel

spacing anywhere... in the yard

or in the field... several times a day

if you need to. There's nothing to it.

IN Take a minute and watch your A-C dealer demonstrate POWER SHIFT wheels. Developed by AUisChalmers!

TractorsStandard equipment on the CA and WD

FIRST IM THE FIELD

flUISCHflLMERS WITH POWER SHIFT TRACTOR WHEELS (

JANUARY 1952 JOHN A. WIDISOE

{Continued from page 32) vate libraries of Church literature, for the auxiliaries, books written the it, parts time time read and some and mm articles for priesthood, innumerable of his parts large unusual again, and

Church magazines, editorship of The library are found now in each

Improvement Era, and important of the three major institutions of and innumerable contributions in alhigher learning in the state of most every avenue of official and Utah. To that literature he has

unofficial Church activity. His servrichly contributed. From young manice did not await the call to high hood he had been a prolific writer

office but has been constant since of books, pamphlets, tracts, and other boyhood. From early youth he forms of composition. Now when the

tells us, he had known that the call to high office came, he responded gospel is true, had studied it as willingly, well knowing that he was carefully as any science, and had subabandoning an honorable position of jected it to every test known to him. great influence and still greater poHe had collected one of the best pri- (Continued on page 36)

Prospector

7 (V 'tcauon SALT LAKE CITYDENVER RICHARD L. EVANS

You'll enjoy service from America's friendliest railroad It is one thing to do wrong and another thing to justify crew on your Prospector wrongdoing. It seems that there is almost nothing in

... in the Pullman, journey

your which men cannot justify themselves in their own eyes, if dinerlounge or coach, every travel need receives they set about to do so. The embezzler, for example, seldom

smiling attention courteous, to per* steals money in his own mind or admission. He simply... you're pampered

fection! borrows, perhaps with the hope of putting it back. And

Make Your the thief says to himself that he is simply taking what, in

Next Trip a Pleasure Trip... some rationalized way, should have been his anyway. PerRide the Prospector haps he says he is simply collecting a debt that somehow

Qmmmj societyis simplyowesworkinghim. withAnd histhe wits—orswindler heseldommay sayswindles.to himselfHe

that his victim wouldn't have used the money wisely anyway.

Thus by a process of selfdeception, by singing sweet songs to an accusing conscience, it is possible to find apparently

COSTS LESS THAN plausible excuses for almost any questionableaction or utOPERATING terance. Sometimes men seek to conceal their real motives

YOUR OWN CAR! by saying to themselves that they are doing what they are

doing for some ultimately worthy reason: In other words,

Ageni your friendly Rio Grande Consult fares. while what they are doing may be wrong, they tell theminformation, schedules for and

selves that the ultimate end they have in mind is altogether

DENVER & RIO GRANDE WESTERNJAIIROAD right, and so the end justifies the means—which is a desperately dangerous doctrine. Furthermore, the person who

continually justifies himself in doing what he shouldn't do finds it difficult to repent. In fact repentance is virtually

impossible without a willingness to admit a mistake. And

improvement is virtually impossible without a willingness to concede faults and inefficiencies. Evil and error have

an easy time where there is a disposition to indifference or where there are no shocked sensibilities. But perhaps evilP/aKRiWAway! selfof situation in a easiest advances their toerror it's learn make Now and INSTRUMENT—even ANY

\o\x single note aEASY 30Udenow. know boring No exercises.firstdon'tlightful AWAY—from the themselves, in are and as they justification. bad Andby PrOperb—p\a\ifhome, piecesSimple veryamazing You A-B-C. make centsprogressatlesson'time, RIGHTaswithout teacher. Only few, note.sparelesson.inper 850,000 pubSTUDENTS! be justify to them much disposition may ofworse—for,

.P"="/ ''", FREE -,iwi**Cl*"** BOOKf of of admission foithe wrong, recognition the LessonSample. "Write licly or privately, w

call will salesman obligation; no them. No improvement. to is repentance prerequisite and a of a mistake, School Music, Studio S. you. U. upon |MWnm W

Y. N. Washington, Port B1881,

I"School of Wlusic, Studio B1881, j U.S.

N.Y. I ke Spontjpofen WoJ"UUora FROM TEMPLE SQUARE Washington, I Port

I Please send me Free Booklet and Print and Picture | BROADCASTING THE COLUMBIA PRESENTED OVER KSL AND

Sample. j I 28, 1951 I Name SYSTEM, OCTOBER (Please Print) |

i I'Address 34 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA r iffif

KvM-\ Thursday iiiglil al 8:00 p.m. (hiring January. I 'tall to enjov the Ijeaiity and hrillianee of one of

r*l)riiary and Marrh. I 'tali ('oppcr proudly presents tfie nation's outstanding syniph<iny orehestras.

llu"l tah Symphony Orchestra in an honr - long This noted orehestra has done much to bring to our jjrograni an Radio Station KSI>. state a riehly deserved eultural attainment. The

oreiiestra. of course, belongs to the people. And it

These programs, under h'aderwhip oi'Mauriee i-* Utah Cojjper's hope that additional thousands of

Aliravanel, the Oreliesitra's eelehraled diree.lor aitd our neighbors will hear and enjoy this renowned

eondnetor. are designed to enalde our neighbors in orehestra and its world famed guest artt<*ts.

I tah Copper cordiiilly invites you to listen to these proi,{nmis erery Thursday al 8:00 p.m. on KSL.

UTAH COPPER DIVISION

Kennecott Copper Corporation

/I o o d u eighbor helping to build a better V tah

JANUARY 1952 35 JOHN A. tflDTSOE

(Continued from page 34) not to embarrass or cause a hurt to shores. He is alert to discover those

tentialities of which he had a clear an associate, or any one else. He is who show talent in any line and to

vision. He was closing the door of not a contentious man. If questions encourage them through training to

opportunity for pursuing further arise he is quite likely to express his fit themselves for their greatest poswork which he had so loved and for view and let it be taken or left withsibilities as useful members of society.

which he had so carefully prepared. out argument. In one place he has It is through his encouragement and

His own simple words are: "I knew said, "In my life I have never sought stimulating aid that many of Utah's

the time had come to turn my back position. In fact, the rear guard young men and women have been

on the projects of the past."has been my desire. Even now I am spurred on to courses of training that

timid under the limelight. I have have lifted them to places of high

He had come to the University of wanted only the opportunity to work eminence.

less salary for than a $2000.00Utah plans."quietly and out dreams my helped purse of his unhe own Out Agricultural Collegethat the which

rapidity works he with which The struggling of young numbers known of him.paid College board The grasps the conexcites wonder. He is to apthe sensitive students. He iftrustees stay, offered him, he would at of a almost a printed tent page into of counour those peals coming ina increase salary behandsome

of accomplishglance. rapidity That of conscious try world, the old fromsides perquisites. on added was He for in the part amazing accounts ment to struggles make. they the have to financialthe At independence. way of accomplish. can work he amount trusts people, while some and He ofthe University however, Utah, he

is the prodigious with a worker He feels disappointed he him, have to his savprivatehad on had draw gofor things capacity having many has in been aggregate the that more live toings office as the demanded. results time. at ing the This same of the faithfulness the gained many by again, as entered he ChurchNow fullest utilize to ability the to his from of dereliction few. the the by than of asservice of a the Council member abilities others, of services the and his great of kindness Because and

tothe to Apostles he have Twelve was trusts assigns task a and them He distressed, willingness to the helprevise drastically his whole downward them. or bematerial whether from want living, of scalematerial not but was he

list If to his undertook domione of unsettlespiritual or cause mental fordeterred, thirty years has and qualities characteristics nating and old people have ment, young and all hisgiven strength the and Church is for to things the be which he known trail to flocked been has him. Apower. friends Nonunderstanding

list of at the the top honored, and to to his door. beaten when, Even leave whether takenwondered he had his to unyielding have be put would of fixed duties the he meet demands lifeof his senses. His has never been fealty devotion unwavering and and tried to at seclude himself has home,ruled love of or grasping by money to of gospel the Christ the Jesus and there. followed they have him No allambition. his service In public

it. proclaims which Church Time is ever empty. one turned away Hethere a never has thought been about

its call at again has turned he and to to or never learned say has no policy a affect adoptedhow would lure of the personal from away amprotect himself from demands beyondhis fortune. personal job, and The bitions, for worldly chances renown, of physical his endurance. powers

it in interest,whether the public was to openings promising avenues wealth to children born Seven were John the only that thingwas mattered. A to comfort, accept ease and and and Ieah (Mrs. Widtsoe: and Anne Anne unselfish completelymore man it privation disappointments. and To Andreas, Wallace), Widtsoe John difficult find. to bewould He has it everlasting his said be honor let

developed and lived a philosophy that with his education gained, for Karl Marselius (Marsel), Mark which has brought him sweet conwhich his devoted mother had sacriAdriel, Helen, Mary, and Leah Eu- (Mrs. dora G. Durham). Homertentment unmarred by envy or dwarfficed toiled, she again never and had

of in infancy. these Marsel, died Fouring, cankering ambition.

or want. drudgery to know When of last in sons, died the the the promIn the relatively few statements he his monthly pay came, two checks

first about work,has made his own promptly there were issued—the for remain—theising prime ofeldestyoungandmanhood.the youngest,Two revealedstand of the outstandhis tithing, some to his mother. the second

ing characteristics of the man and After Church devotion and loyalty, with six worthy grandchildren. In

of these losses, each and Leah Johnthe qualities that so eloquently proorder it wouldn't matter what much in love faith forward walked and superiority.claim of tfiese is in the list other or notable honorable One

his innate modesty. When speaking mentions took. Conspicuously someand took other people unto their

of experimental discoveries, he will where along the line mention hearts and cherished and encouraged say "my colleagues and I."He makes would have to be made of his trainthem as they would have cherished

very little use of the personal proing and production of men and womand encouraged their own.

noun. He always contrives to make en beyond the call of duty. His One can never cease to be imassociates feel that their part is iminterest in people is universal. He pressed by his intense love for and

portant and that they are necessary has been the stimulating influence loyalty to family, friends, and colto it, and always sees to it that they that has sparked the slumbering amleagues. Association and companionget full credit for their participation. bitions of young men and women in ship with them, and to merit their

He is always willing to listen to their great numbers and set them out on approbation, is of more worth to him opinions, realizing that however humcareers that have eventuated in than the cattle on the thousand hills.

ble people may be their ideas may be invaluable benefit to state and naOnce again, in enterittg the service valuable. He is careful in the extreme tion and to far places beyond our own (Concluded on page 38)

36 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DON'T LET WIFE WEAR BADGE OF DRUDGE!

Does Your Wife Belong

BRIGADE? BUY HER A BACKACHEto the BACKYARD

Free her from heavy "laundrylugging"and the worries of "weatherwaiting"and piledup her the laundry! Give Vluimiatlc, CLOTHES DRYER appliof most modem

.. a Hamilton

.. so Dry Your Clothes Automatic ancesClothes Dryer

the Hamilton Way, she can do her washing and iron- \ ing quickly and easily!

Ready to Iron Dries vrash fresh and fluffy insida; s or Put Away'.

minufesl fa \\\ Eliminates rewashing clothes soiled by outdoor dirt, sool, broken clotheslines and playing childreni

Ends sunfading and clothes being torn by high windsl You'll like the economy of Q'Hamilton Clothes Dryer, tool

Costs |usl O few cents an hour to run i.. compare this lo high laundry bills,

cr wear and teor on your wife and clothesl

V GuaraDteed hyV.Good Housekeepinf

THE ORIGINAL

HxxjnlCjtofh.

A BONUS FOR YOU... A Hamilton Automatic Cutmiatic

MORE RECREATION AREA Clothes..Dryer..eliminates

unsightly clotheslines in the basement and the yard... CLOTHES DRYER

frees space for an indoor with the exclusive "game room"

! or outdoor SUN-E-DAY ultraviolet lamp recreation

BRING YOUR WIFE IN TO SEE IT TODAY!

UTAH DEALERS IDAHO DEALERS Brienholt Co., 1400 South Main Salt Lake City Sam Jones Furniture Co Blackfoot

Price Trading Price Company Peterson's Appliance City Home Laundry Equipment Co., 427 Center St Pocatello Co., 31 West 1st Sooth Salt Lake

J. G. Read Bros. Co., 24th and Kiesel Ogden Brown's Furniture & Appliance Co., 1275 No. Yellowstone

Schoss Furniture & Electric Company, 355 24th Sf Ogden Hiway Idaho Falls

Taylor Bros., 250 Center W. Provo Foster's, Inc., 816 Bannock St Boise Co., Utah Appliance 32 E. 1st North Provo

Helper Furniture Co Helper Sounder's Furniture & Appliance Co Grace and Bancroft

DESERET APPLIANCE DISTRIBUTORS INC. 142 South Fifth West

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH JANUARY 1952 37 JOHN A. WIDTSOE

[Concluded from page 36) a few peaceful years after the main of the Church, long cherished plans battle was finished, in a quiet place for the closing years of life had to be among his books and apparatus, laid aside, this time, apparently for where he might read and reflect and good. In boyhood he had mapped experiment and write. This must

out the whole course of his life, reachnow, he realized, all await the day ing down to the end. He envisioned of fulfilment in a future realm.

>7::Kpsix>co>.:x.JX93:s3:-:K

'Jtl6n t vtrn 77

RICHARD L. EVANS

IN ALMOST any circle or society, in almost any group or gathering, or among families or friends, there are almost always some who do their share or more, and some who when you specify seemIn anyto beactivityafraid orthatundertaking,they might dotheremorearethanalmosttheir alwaysshare.

some who shift their share of work and pacify their inner accusations with a wide variety of excuses. In a household,

for example, there may be some who say to themselves that they are more weary than others—or that the many monotoSTEEL CASEMENTS nous,to keeptiresome,a houseroutinein runningtasks thatorderconstantlyare after requireall the attentionwork of

Get all these advantages: (1) Slender mothers mostly, or of some other one person for whom a

steel frames permit larger glass areasheavy load is left, or there may be some who say to themadmit more daylight, (2) Better ventilation, (3) fingertip operation for a lifeselves that their own particular comfort or rest or relaxation time—steel won't warp, swell, stick or is more important than that of others, and that they shouldn't

splinter, (4) Superior weathertightness, (5) Fire safety, (6) Termiteproof, (7) Betunduly disturb themselves to answer the numerous calls ter screening, (8) Sash removable by the that come or be too concerned with all the interruptions owner in a jiffy, from the inside, (9) Low and intrusions upon the household's rest and peace and cost. privacy. There are some who care for countless details and

Ask your Friendly Lumber Dealer some who can't be bothered with the ten thousand things that have to be done in every home. There are some who

MORRISONMERRILL & CO. give themselves willingly to every task and others who

Building fAaterial Distributors are willing to let the willing horse work, and who soothe 205 NO. 3rd WEST SAtT LAKE CtTY, UTAH themselves with the assumption that they have in some

BOISE, TWIN FALLS, POCATBLLO, IDAHO RENO, NEVADA rationalized way already done more than their share, or comfort themselves with the timeworn phrase that "It isn't my turn."(One sometimes wonders if there are those who

would let a house burn down because it isn't their turn to do anything about it! When we are unduly fearful of doing

too much, or when we are too cautiously concerned about taking only our turn, perhaps we should ask ourselves if we could imagine a mother's neglecting some one of us in illness because it wasn't her turn to sit up another night.)

The philosophy of being afraid of doing too much is an impediment to happiness and plenty and progress. The

real work and service of the world are done in great measure by those who don't worry too much about taking only their turn.

ke 2>pohi:>po/7en lA/ot'd FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, NOVEMBER 4, 1951

x---

: IN FARM POWER AND UTILITY

There's no tractor that can help you so much with GET A DEMONSTRATION so many farm jobs as the improved Case "VAC."Ask your Case dealer to demonstrate the "VAC."

it gives you in surefooted traction,Besides all your regular field work you can pull See how much extra lugging power, actual working speed, easy posts, dig postholes and stretch fence... latch riding and easy handling. See him about it now.

onto hammer mill and go grinding... carry feed

to cows and bring back milk—all with no heavy SEND FOR ADVANCE FOLDER..

lifting. You can load manure, scald hogs; saw

Case builds 25 great tractors and a full line of trees down and cut logs up. You can clear away farmgin anymachines.that interestMark inyou;squaresmail toor J.writeI. Casein marCo.,

snow, grade a road, dig a pond. Try the new short Dept. A-44,R'i"ne, Wis.

turning of the "VAC,"and its extra easy steering. 2-plowLarger 2-plow"VA"Series"S"SeriesTractors TractorDisc HarrowsPlows

r] 3-plow "D"Series Tractors Grain Drills

Notice its added clearance, extra traction. See how 4-5 plow "LA"Tractor Hammer Mills

its lugging power takes you through hard pulls Name and soft spots where you'd be stuck if you stopped Postoffice to shift gears. It's the big bargain any way you RED State.

look at it.

JANUARY 1952 39 oSJsiN

Lyn yvnoiker rmlstice

RICHARD L. EVANS

As WE face the future from here, we are aware of some of the disappointments of the past. We are aware, for

example, that repeated declarations of peace have not as yet proved to be permanent. We are aware also, that except

for life itself, and for freedom, there are few things that men cherish more than peace. All through the centuries

the prophets and the people have looked to an ultimate period of peace when the reign of righteousness would cover the earth. And yet thus far men have failed to find this

muchsought-for permanent peace, perhaps because they have not known enough of the nature of peace. To turn

to a New Testament text: "And when [Jesus] was come

near, he beheld the city, and wept over it, Saying, If thou hadst known... the things which belong unto thy

peace! but now they are hid from thine eyes.'"They are

hid perhaps because men have so often looked for peace without repentance. Peace is a positive and not merely a passive

thing. It is more than the absence of war. It is a way of

life, an attitude, and an inner condition. It is freedom from

confusion and freedom from false thinking. And it doesn't

come from the promises or persuasion of despots but proceeds only from obedience to the principles of the Prince of Peace.

And now, as we remember one Armistice and hope and pray for another, we are thankful for the brave men who stand "between their loved homes and the war's desolation."

May those of the past be honored, and those of the present be protected. And may the loved ones of those who have

lost their lives have the heaviness of their hearts lifted and have sweet assurance of an eternal renewal of association with those they love. We are thankful for freedom, thankful that there seems to be an awakening awareness against

losing it, and thankful for the faith "that this nation, under

Bind Your God? shall have a new birth of freedom, and... shall not

keep the commandments and Improvement Eras perish from the earth""—if we

walk in the ways of him who made us all we are and who for Reference gave us all we have. "Lord God of Hosts, be with us yet,

Lest we forget."

Preserve your Improvement Era copies by having ke Spoken lA/ord FROM temple SQUARE them bound into permanent PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING yearly volumes. You'll find SYSTEM, NOVEMBER II, 1951

them excellent reference iLuke 19:4142.

sources for your family, and Recessional,Lincoln's GettysburgRudyard Kipling.Address.

they are a proud addition to any library. Quality >wrN:?v(5v<5s:r::

workmanship and materials will make these volumes last a lifetime.

The cost is just $3.00 per volume

(F O.B. Salt Lake City; postpaid, add

30c. Canada and other foreign

countries odd 75c.)

Save your Eras and send them for binding to

Deseret News Press #8 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah 40 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Buick Dealer J. B. Hayes, Hobbs, "I use Conoco Super inmy demon- "We know by shop experience, "I got the story on '50,000 Miles

N. M., says, "Conoco can be destrators,"reports Walter James, '50,000 Miles—No Wear'is more—No Wear'and changed to Conpended on for the 'best'in motor Buick Dealer, Fairview, Okla. "It than a phrase,"states D.W. Flint, oco Super,"says E.M. Markl.Sr.,

oil developments. We recommend gives a better sales advantage beFord Dealer, Arvada, Colo. "We Buick Dealer, Kansas City, Kans.

Conoco Super to our custoriiers."cause of quieter motors/'recommend Conoco Super."

New Car Dealers say:

"I got the story on

I "Cars coming into my shop, after using

Conoco Super, show less wear than anything I've seen in 27 years of garage work,"states Carl W. Smith, ChryslerPlymouth Dealer, Miles City, Mont.SIlOOOMilBNoWiiar

and changed to New Conoco Super Motor Oil"

cars,'Super in all our new Conoco "I put

Dealer, Burgess, //"50,000Mi7es-/\/o IVearr says Hudson Manton

Rosenberg, Texas. "I advise our customers to stick to it for longer engine

life and better gasoline mileage."

After a punishing 50,000mile road test, with proper crankcase drains and regular care, enlubricated Super gines with Motor Conoco oil Wear'50,000 Miles—No consequence... in no wear Oil showed any of

writes used,"ever the< 111 best[i> have we less fact, onethou- of one than average an Mgr., Motors, Metro isGeorge M. James,

Ford Distributor, Murray, Utah. sandth inch on cylinders and crankshafts.

Factory finishing marks were still visible on piston rings.

AND gasoline mileage for the last 5,000 miles was actually 99.71% as good as for the first

he performance, person "If a wants top its OilSuper, 5,000! that Proof with Conoco writes it Park Super."Conoco with

longer, last Plating, your car can make Alliance, Dealer, KaiserFrazer pergetsDobson, form better, use less gasoline and oil. Nebr. "Every car that leaves my showroom is lubricated with Conoco Super."

NewCar Power! Quicker Starts! This Winter

get "super"performance... "super"protection!

of accumulation harmful the checks Conoco Super 60,000with a Sup.ei Conoco "We back Yes, acids, wear! causes chief and of winter cars,"states water mile guarantee on new rust, off fights OilPlating, Super, with Conoco Rapids, Baxter, Ia."We B. Cedar Eugene engine your and sludge, keeps corrosion and new

will it best insure guarantee."believe our all winclean. So, for performance "summertime"

ter, change, now, to wintergrade Conoco Super

Motor Oil!

"I use Conoco Super in my own cars, and recommend it to my new car buyers,"reports Geo. B. Cook, Chevrolet Dealer,

Newark, 111. "Conoco Super is tops."

1952CONTINENTAL JANUARY 1952 41 txek Vn

LINE OF AUTHORITY OF EIDER JOHN A. WIDTSOE

npHE Melchizedek Priesthood committee is pleased to join The Improvement Era in honoring Elder John A. Widtsoe of the Council

of the Twelve on his eightieth birthday. Here we present his priesthood

line of authority:

JOHN A. WIDTSOE was ordained an Apostle March 17, 1921 by Heber

J. Grant.

HEBER J. GRANT was ordained an Apostle October 16, 1882 by George

Q. Cannon.

GEORGE Q. CANNON was ordained an Apostle August 26, 1860 by

Brigham Young.

BRIGHAM YOUNG was ordained an Apostle February 14, 1835 under the hands of the three witnesses, Oliver Cowdery, David Whitmer, and Martin Harris, "who were blessed by the laying on of hands of the Presidency (Joseph Smith, Sidney Rigdon and Frederick G.

Williams) to choose and ordain the Twelve Apostles"(D. & C.

18:37; History of the Church, Vol. 2, pp. 187188), after which the

Presidency laid their hands upon them and confirmed their blessings and ordinations (Times and Seasons, Vol. 6, p. 868).

JOSEPFI SMITH and OLIVER COWDERY received the Melchizedek

Priesthood in 1829 from Peter, James, and John.

PETER, JAMES, and JOHN were Apostles and angelic ministers of the

Lord Jesus Christ, chosen and ordained by fiim (John 15:16).

quorums, they have been presented

APPROVAL OF STAKE PRIESTHOOD NECESSARY to the entire stake priesthood for

BEFORE PRIESTHOOD ORDINATIONS approval.After approval by the stake presiSOME instances at stake conferwere to be performed and there was dency and the high council, presiINences where seventies or elders no member of the General Authorities dencies of high priests'and elders'

have been appointed to bishopat the stake conference, members have quorums should be presented for susrics or other positions requiring ordibeen sent to a neighboring stake or taining vote to the quorums over nation in the Melchizedek Priesthood, to the office of the Council of the which they will preside and not the members have been ordained without Twelve in Salt Lake City to be orentire stake priesthood. This is alfirst having been properly approved dained or set apart, without any ready the practice in the seventies'

by the stake priesthood. identification or authorization for the quorums.

In the future where brethren are ordination from the stake presidency.

assigned to positions involving a Where possible, it is requested that > fr change in the office they hold in the a member of the stake presidency be priesthood, the regular form "Recompresent when these ordinations are mendation for Ordination in the Melperformed. If this cannot be done, DOCUMENTARY HISTORY

chizedek Priesthood"is to be prethe stake president should reach the AVAILABLE pared and approved prior to the visiting Authority by telephone or ordination. If it is not possible to send a letter with the individual 'T'liE Deseret Book Company advises

have the ordination approved at a informing that the ordination has there is still a supply of the regular stake priesthood meeting, this been approved and is in order. Documentary History of the Church

can be done, after approval by the available.

stake presidency, by contacting the This outstanding work, which is indicouncil of the highmembers

it presentingvidually then at a SUSTAINING OUORUM periodthe authenticof our Church,history ofshouldthe beearlyin and

isgeneral session of the stake conferPRESIDENCIES every member's library. The cost

ence if the ordination is to be per- $2.50 for single volumes or $15.00 for

formed by the visiting Authority. Tn the past, in sustaining presithe entire set of seven books, which

Also, in the past where ordinations dencies of high priests'and elders'is a very low price.

42 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SHAMEFUL AND WICKED abundant proof of the correctness of the personal statements quoted above.

Chameful and wicked are strong In the light of the record in which liquor has been involved, how anyone terms but none too strong when NOIIOUOR applied to an advertisement that can glory in the part he played in appeared in the November 12, 1951, bringing about repeal is difficult for issue of Life magazine. It pictured this writer to understand. TOBACCO

R. L. Olson, Denver, displaying the Undoubtedly, there was bootDecember 1933 issue of two Salt Lake legging during the prohibition period.

headlines City showing newspapers of national the end announcing pro- (oiiumn Andtinuedcertainlyon a largebootleggingscale sincehasrepeal,conhibition, killed by the referendum if reports of the F.B.I, can be believed.

vote of Utah, December 5, 1933. The They are dependable.

advertisement then quotes Mr. Olson Three years ago Kajisas repealed

as saying: CONDUCTED BY her prohibition laws. The National

Voice recently said, I saw it happen, in the State Capitol at of Salt City. Indeed, as President Lake of reInvestigation Bureau The Kansas JZ-)r. /4o6epk - y. efnthe Constitutional Convention, which Utah in that crime ported the upswing was on

convened especially for the purpose I actually OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE Kansas in 1949, the bureau having investihelped make it happen! gated fiftyfour more major crimes than in

Like millions of other thoughtful Ameri1948. Pveports issued by F.B.I, show that

cans, I felt there was something drastically Kansas crime continued to increase in 1950.

wrong with a law which was constantly Murder, aggravated assaults, burglary, etc.,

respectedviolated by the most people in next legislature and the public elecallin showedKansas increa.ses.have referredNewspaperto drinkingheadlinesand There was somethingthe community.

drastically wrong with a law that bred tions was revealed this week when drunkenness, to taverns and indecency, with corruption, lawlessness, and gangsterism... two letters sent out this week by the monotonous regularity.

which denied badly needed tax revenue to Idaho Licensed Beverage Association, public treasuries and put it in the pockets Inc., fell into the hands of the Idaho And Kansas is no exception, all

prohibiof racketeers. had been the That

It years. fourteention record for was inChallenge''October 1951. propaganda to the contrary notwithevitably a shameful record because prostanding. Kansas is having the same

hibition itself was wrong; it denied one Everybody admits that dangerous driving experience with bootleggers as other

of the most cherished of American rights is one of the most pressing problems before states have had. During the campeople one does and no Americanthat of personal liberty. the

it. is paign for repeal in Kansas in 1948, about anything Everybody much

against drunken driving. All tralTic officers the proponents insisted

Such were some of the specious know that only "a drink or two"makes arguments accepted as valid by a the most dangerous driver. Driving after Kansas would gain ten million dollars in

majority of Americans who voted in drinking causes at least 8,000 deaths each taxes by repeal. During each of the three

1933 on the question of repeal. In year and probably more than 250,000 inyears since repeal, the revenue has been less

juries. The Clipsheet. than twofifths of this amount. Expenses

the light of the record made by liquor for law enforcement, however, have greatly and its advocates since 1933 most of Alcohol is the blood of the gambler, the increased. Numerous local governing bodthe proarguments were false, deinspiration of the burglar, the stimulus of ies, especially in the larger cities, are comceptive, and therefore wicked. To the highwayman, and the support of the plaining that the "enforcement ta.x"does

to extra cost of enforcebegin not pay the violates incendiary. ob-... Ita great extent they were motivated midnight

is legal. liquor since ment ligations, to love reverences fraud, turnsby damnable selfishness—the craving hate, scorns virtue and innocence. It infor drink or money, irrespective of cites the father to butcher his helpless offShould a law be repealed because

the harm to self or to others. spring, and the child to sharpen the patriit is "violated by the most respected

axe. Alcohol is a poison, definitely hurtcidal

Alcohol destroys life, curses God, and people"who are so lacking in selfful to the body, mind, and spirit of despises heaven. It suborns witnesses, control that they indulge base apthe consumer, the instigator of crime, nurses perversity, defiles the jury box, and petites? How ignoble and sinful the

the father of misery, suffering, and stains the judicial ermine. It bribes voters, thought! Carried to the limit such

institutions, elections, polutes our of its concorrupts end resultdeath. The abolish all laws, thought would

legislature, the a the... debases dishonors

bad. is alwayssumption result. and chaos would.. terror, brings shame,. and statesman

Let us take a few items from the despair, and misery... destroys peace and All criminal laws and many others

record, selected at random. It is liquor, ruins morals. It murders the soul; it is deny personal liberty to a greater or

all villainy, of the father of sumnot law, that breeds corruption, lawthe all less extent and this must be so if we the the of all abominations, crime, mother lessness, and death. An experienced devil's best friend, and God's worst enemy. are to have an orderly peaceful solegislator, president of the state sen- (Robert G. Ingersoll.) ciety. And it is wrong, sinful, and

ate, told the writer that a quarter of wicked to indulge personal liberty to a million dollars was spent in his Drink has brought more woe and misery, the injury or hurt of others. And

hearts, wrecked homes, more broken more to capitolstate into secure the passage decidedly to does this drinking filled coffins most crimes, more more legalizing of bills of committed sale thelaw extent. alcoan enormous Beverage the the suffered. wars has world than all

liquor by greatest of of the hol is one enemies the drink and the operation—President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

slotof machines. society. on human Shame those who

"The pressure of a huge slot and Items continually appearing in the deny the right to legislate against liquor lobby fund for influencing the daily press of the country furnish alcohol!

JANUARY 1952 43 2mm Record of Demonstration of Bishop's Department in Ward Teachers'Report Meeting

Following is the edited transcript of an unrehearsed Henry G. Tempest, division superviser; David G.

demonstration of the bishop's department in the ward Thomas, Kenneth G. Frost, and Theron W. Borup,

teachers'report meeting. The demonstration was given ward teachers bearing the Melchizedek Priesthood;

during the bishops'conference in the Tabernacle in Gordon Dean, Bruce Bird, and Carl ]udd, ward teachers

Salt Lake City, October 5, 1951, under the direction of hearing the Aaronic Priesthood.

the Presiding Bishopric. The demonstration was based on an analysis of writPublication of the demonstration will serve to satisfy ten reports from the three pairs of ward teachers.

the hundreds of requests from bishops who desire to give All names used in the reports from ward teachers added emphasis to ward teaching. were assumed and any references to persons with the

Those who participated and the parts they portrayed same names, whether living or dead, were purely coinciin the demonstration were: Lee A. Palmer, ward bishop; dental.

Bishop (Lee A. Palmer): Brethren, I junior companion and completed our I should like to turn to Brother Kenam happy to welcome you to this ward ward teaching? neth G. Frost and to Brother Gordon

teachers'report meeting and appreciate Bro. Tempest: It would. Bishop, and Dean. Brother Frost, you are the ward

very much your response to this part I shall try to follow that procedure in superintendent of our M.I.A. and to

of your responsibility as a ward teacher the future. date I have never heard you complain

in this ward. Bishop: I appreciate your attitude. that you have been asked to do ward

I should like to begin this section Now, I should like to have Brother teaching in addition to being the superof our meeting tonight by asking Brother Tempest say anything to the ward intendent of the M.I.A. I congratulate

Tempest, my division superviser, to give teachers which he desires at this time. you. Do you always take your junior

me a report as to how many districts Bro. Tempest: I do have a word I companion from the Aaronic Priesthood

are represented here tonight. would like to say regarding the written with you?

Bro. Tempest: Nine out of twelve disreports. Most of the ward teachers Bro. Frost: Yes, I do.

tricts are represented. are prompt in submitting the written Bishop: Do you give him plenty of

Bishop: Twentyfive percent of our report after they have completed their notice?

ward teachers are not present. Brother teaching, but some delay this until it is Bro. Frost: I try to.

Tempest, did you notify each ward too late to incorporate it in the ward Bishop: Do you set a definite day of

teacher in our division of this meeting report. I should like to have these rethe week, each month, when you do

tonight? ports earlier. your ward teaching?

Bro. Tempest: Yes, Bishop Palmer, Bishop: Brethren, I heartily endorse Bro. Frost: Yes, we usually do.

all of our ward teachers were invited Brother Tempest's appeal. I know you Bishop: Thank you. I appreciate the

to be present. get tired of hearing about reports, but attention you give your Aaronic PriestBishop: Did you particularly notify they are with us to stay, apparently, hood companion, and I would like all

the Aaronic Priesthood members who so let us make the best of it and really of you senior companions to treat these are ward teachers or did you leave that go through with this part of our proyoung men with the courtesy they deto their senior companions? gram. It is quite embarrassing to the serve as the servants of the Lord, reBro. Tempest: I personally invited bishopric of the ward to sign the ward membering that they are just as much

the members of the Aaronic Priesthood teaching report when we know all of called to be ward teachers as you men to be in attendance. the reports are not in. Please cooperate are who hold the Melchizedek PriestBishop: That is as it should be, and with us, brethren, in this matter. hood.

I commend 3'ou. I should like to know Now, before I call on you teachers You report on the Richard Anderson

how many districts in our division were for a report of your teaching activities, family. Brother Frost, to the effect that

visited last month. I should like to report one matter which Brother Anderson is unemployed. When

Bro. Tempest: Eleven of the twelve came to our attention during our monthyou were in his home did you learn

districts were visited. ly meeting between the bishopric and what his work is?

Bishop: When did you learn that the division supervisers held two weeks Bro. Frost: Brother Anderson is a

district number twelve was not visited? ago preliminary to this report meeting. carpenter.

Bro. Tempest: About five days ago. It was disclosed by two of the superBishop: Refresh my mind as to what

Bishop: Five days ago, and this is the visers that some of you brethren are priesthood he holds. He has only been

second of the month. That means not as discreet in the handling of conin the ward a short time.

that you knew it three days before the fidential matters as you should be. Some Bro. Frost: He is an elder.

end of the month. Brother Tempest. of you are talking loosely about these Bishop: The ward teachers will do

Bro. Tempest: Yes, I did. very personal things. You young men well to keep a listening ear, and if you

Bishop: What was the reason that of the Aaronic Priesthood are learning hear of any work for a carpenter, call

district twelve was not visited? to be teachers in the kingdom of God. Brother Anderson and tell him about

Bro. Tempest: Brother Jones was ill You sit in on the confidences of the it. In the meantime I will have this

and was unable to complete his visiting people. Brethren, I charge you, as the information relayed to his quorum presilast month. bishop of the ward, to respect the condent, and we will set our ward welfare

Bishop: Brother Tempest, would it fidences of the people and demonstrate machinery in operation and take it up

not have been a fine thing if you had your worthiness to be ward teachers in at our next welfare meeting.

filled in for Brother Jones, called his this respect. Brother Frost, you report on Brother

44 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i'

f-repafed (?u cJLee -.X j-ahmet'

TGeorge Madsen'smmmmdaughter, Joan, who is brethren would be a little more careful Bro. Borup: Well, not very much.

eighteen years of age and desires to in this. It would help us in putting these Bishop: Brother Bruce, I understand

teach in the Junior Sunday School. Are persons to work more quickly. One that Mary, your sister, is about sevenyou satisfied that Sister Madsen is thing that attracts my attention is that teen or eighteen. Am I correct?

capable? the boy Albert is a teacher, Gordon, Bro. Bird: That is right.

Bro. Frost: I think she would make about your age. Now, Gordon, since Bishop: Wouldn't it be a fine thing,

a fine teacher. you are the Aaronic Priesthood comBruce, if you would tell Mary that the

Bishop: Does she impress you as havpanion to Brother Frost, did you put bishop would like to have her call on

ing a testimony of the gospel? yourself out to make a friend of this Linda, make a special effort to get

Bro. Frost: Yes, I feel sure of it. young fellow?.,,. acquainted with her?

Bishop: Do you feel that she believes Bro. Dean: No-o, I guess not. I am Bro. Bird: Yes, Bishop, it would.

in the divine mission of the Prophet a little backward in my ways. Bishop: Do you think Mary would

Joseph Smith? Bishop: Don't be backward, Gordon. respond to that invitation?

Bro. Frost: From the questions she Remember that you are a servant of the Bro. Bird: I am sure she would.

has answered when we have been there, Bishop: Suggest to Mary that she

I have no doubt about it. pick up one or two of her associates

Bishop: You have a child about JunThink it Over on the way, and then there would be

ior Sunday School age. Would you be If leaders do not want to hear two or three to go with her to help

willing to trust your child in Sister it said, they should not say it; break the ice. Suggest that Mary might

Madsen's care as a teacher in Junior If they do not want to see it take Linda to Sunday School and M.I.A.

Sunday School? done, they should not do it. and introduce her to the girls in the

Bro. Frost: Yes, Bishop Palmer, I be-—L. A. p. group. Will you take that much inlieve I would. terest in this affair, Brother Bruce, for

me? to will recomBishop: be happy We our will Lord Father help and Heavenly

I Yes, will. Bird: Bro. Bishop, if, after Sister the bishopMadsenmend if forth will effort to put you do you an

very Bishop: you much. Thank her, find asric to her interviews be we I to do. are appreciate asked you what

quite serious a have problem report. We ascapable you attitude, report your brethren, your and

I here, to that going one need some I am Frost Brother Brother Dean, and for faithfulyour and you commend on. help family Fred Smith seems The little worried Brother about a andam ness.

Sister Dobson. They are living alone to pay more attention to television ***** they than brethren do to you when in not sacrahave been Theynow. I turn to Brother Theron now W. teaching. right? Is that go you ward for several months.ment meeting his junior Brother I Borup companion. and

visit next it is if on your would you Bro.wonder bishop, probWell, Borup: I Bird. the notice Bruce your report on

be good enough to tell them that the Jensen family, that Linda, aged sevenably a little new to them, and they left inquiring their aboutbishop was to endeavoring were while it on we atteen, daughter, into only the an moved at Tell meeting. sacrament first trialtendance teach being our them, and par- a few her with ago ward months

I that the them, miss that at ward this to do,them not what know we did is reports rapidly that she ents but very them, be pleasing and itmisses would to suggest to them. would We discouraged. acwhat becoming She is not

to the welcome themindeed rest if we could the help from like some some of of the cepted by the young women sacrament meeting. Will you take that ward, she cannot seem to "break in."of the ward teachers.

special message to them?

Bro. Frost: We will do it. Is Bro.that Borup:right, BrotherThat is Borup?right. Bishop. anyBishop:help. LetDous anysee whetherof you webrethrenhave

Brother Bishop: Gordon? have any suggestions to do on what Bishop: What did you do about it?

Yes, indeed. Bro. Dean: this with growing television problem

Bishop: Thank you, brethren. and radio problem in the homes of our

Now we have an item here from the people? Brother Thomas?

Fraser family who just moved into the Aaronic Priesthood Members Bro. Thomas: Bishop, I do not think

ward. Brother Frost, you reported that it is deliberate disrespect for the ward

they moved into the ward but you did Attend Stake Conference teachers in most cases. Sometimes these

not give me all the information called Aaronic Priesthood quorum presidenfamilies feel that the ward teachers for on the back of the report, hence I cies and members of the Long Beach Stake have just come to watch television beam at a loss to know whether there is tee(California)who attendedAaronictheirPriesthoodrecent quarterlycommitcause they haven't one of their own.

any talent in this family, and where to stake conference, setting a worthy example (Laughter.)

put them to work. I wish all of you for those over whom they preside. {Continued on page 59)

cJ53>3vS5Sv3?355<3?5vS3>Q5

Ow Jaklna kina69'ranted

RICHARD L. EVANS

'T'here are times, perhaps, when all of us are moved by gratitude, and there are times when all of us could become careless about our blessings. A favor done the first

time is almost always appreciated. But a favor several times

received may soon seem to be a commonplace occurrence and may even become a cause for complaint if it fails to be repeated as expected. Blessings which have been bestowed

unji us often come to be looked upon as a continuing right.

So many things we may take for granted: health—until we

lose it; food—until it is difficult to get; life—until it hangs

You're in doubt—and many things besides. But it is not wise or

Right There well to take blessings or privileges for granted, however with a commonly they may occur: not the harvest of the year, nor

... full colorr three dimenour daily bread, nor the comfort of home, nor the love of

sional pictures of American those who wait there—nor freedom, nor even life itself. Nor

scenic beauty. Hundreds of must we expect to receive without giving, to prosper without

reels—each with seven magworking, to inherit without deserving. And so, taking nothnificent pictures. ing for granted, we voice gratitude this day for all our

Write for free catalog blessings, naming only a few: We are thankful that men

may speak their minds; that public opinion and moral force

'are factors in fashioning our way of life, and that none are PHOTO beyond their reach. We are thankful for our many material & MATERIALS CO. blessings but more thankful for the measure of freedom that So Temple Ph.3-1404 2 7 West

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. has survived in a world where much has not survived. And

with all that we are thankful for, we are aware that we must watch that the things that we are most thankful for shall

Your P /':iTr 'VPTj 'i/'P7't-P i not slip from us by the infiltration of false philosophies or by

our own indifference to the dangers. We are thankful for

Best 1952 faith in the future—for faith that the future holds no problem too great to be surmounted by a thinking, working, repentant people. For all our bounteous blessings we give

gratitude to God, our Father, with fervent hope that we may

You've often resolved to own the never take them for granted. And in words from ShakeENCYCLOPAEDIA BRITANNICA. speare's Henry VI: "Let never day nor night unhallowed

pass, but still remember what the Lord hath done."As you enter 1952 don't just make

another resolution. Send the coupon

in TODAY. Learn how easy it is to ke Spoken xAJord from tfmple square

own PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, NOVEMBER 18, 1951 THE UNIVERSITY IN PRINT Copyright, 1951

The World Famous ENCYCLOPAEDIA ON A WINTER'S MORNING

BRITANNICA By Katherine F. Larsen

reds and greens flamboyant on the I awoke this morntheir ENCYCLOPAEDIA BRITANNICA 635 18th Street, Denver, backdrop, white Colorado OUTjng of a heavy sleep

Please send information about me complete

Britannica's Encyclopaedia purchase easy plan. to a silence;marble swirl and a city swathed in Gears ground growling over velvetr

NAME only an occasional clanking swish of chained the exposed street became a gash in the of winter; gown vvheels ADDRESS

children and tumbled, runpummeled the shrouded hour. the challenged

CITY ning madly in circles.

Later the city awoke to a striving making their marks on the unsullied spread;

If you have children of preschool vahant against imposed stillness: not knowing,

or elementary school age we will the ofshovelswalks;began their insistent scraping yet instinctivelyman: feeling the ancient urge of

also be glad to give you information two children early abroad surprised the to put his own imprint on the indifferent on the new BRITANNICA JUNIOR. hushed air with shrill delight, face of nature.

46 THE IMPRQVfMENT ERA mafs this integration'they're attacking you for?''

One of the complaints now made about big companies like Standard Oil Company of California is that they practice "integration". This word is made to sound so evil that you

may wonder what it means as it's used in this case.

The fact is that integration is common in Amer.

ican businesses both large and small. They use it as a

natural part of their system of increasing efficiency, cutting costs and improving products. Integration doesn't

make a good company bad. To understand integration at

a glance, look at this parallel:

A fisherman takes his boat onto the ocean and makes his When the fisherman cleans his own fish, he has become catch. Standard discovers oil and brings it up out of the an integrated business. So, too, Standard. Like him, we work

ground. If both then sell—the fisherman to a buyer at wharfto put the product into the form you want. We refine the

side, and Standard to some buyer at the weU—there's no crude oU we ourselves produce—turn it into gasoline, lubriintegration. But suppose each takes the next step.. cants, chemicals, and all the rest. This is integration.

If the fisherman now carries his cleaned catch to the And if the fisherman then sells his product through a marketplace, he is further integrated, for he is now also in store of his own, he completes his integration. Standard does

the transportation business... as is Standard when we operit, too, through Companyowned stations (about 1 in 7 staate our own pipelines and tankers to carry oil from well to tions where Chevron gasolines are sold). Integration helps

refinery, or refined products to areas where they'U be used. us do better for you and the nation, and so for otirselves.

1 CL JL/lfZC to I\T101V,.. Many people write to Standard asking pertinent questions

about the Company. We answer all letters individually, but some points seem of general

interest. We take this way of discussing them for every one. If you have a question, we urge

you to write in care of: "I'd Like to Know,"225 Bush Street, San Francisco 20, California.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

JANUARY 1952 47 AWARDS AND REWARDS (Continued from page 25) Are we judging others—on trivial

he has, in the past thirty years, things?

given thousands of dollars to house Most of us know who won the assist these and struggling converts. last basketball year. trophy Men M

it quietly in done He has the way only V.-Growwith your the players whether But know

Church University of the Master. Fev know of his they played fair. Is a trophy more

gifts. But the Lord does. He has valuable than character?

never in the been headlines or the for We give awards spothght. has never bragged. He Plan to continue your complishments. externalnot—-andacdo But we

far advanced He has outbeyond for the deeper awards in a welleducation ward show. so should And we. cannot—give (Concluded on 50) page rounded institution,

ACADEMIC

RELIGIOUS MILITARY ne [-omt ot Jjepadi ATHLETIC SOCIAL RICHARD L EVANS CULTURAL "XX/ HEN we find ourselves on a wrong road, our first reaction is to look back and think at what point we departed from the right road. But sometimes we may have gone a

BRIGHAM YOUNG rightlong wayroad. beforeThis weis trueare offullymanyawarethingsthatinwelife.haveSometimesleft the

changes come so gradually that we may not always be aware

UNIVERSITY of how far we have gone; for example, we may not always

Provo, Utah know when it was that we acquired a habit, but we pretty well know when we have a habit. We cannot always be

sure, from first symptoms, when a man will become a drunkard, but we pretty well know when a man is a drunkard.

In the first phases of the process, people may not always be aware of how fast or how far they are losing their freedom.

But if they continue, there comes a time when they know they have lost their freedom. Many things come a step at

a time by willingly going the wrong way. And while the

first step may not at first seem to suggest serious consequences, still there is no such thing as an inconsequential departure from principle. And in looking back we shall find that the

first step, the first time, the first point of departure is the critical point—for second steps have a way of following first

steps. In some respects it may be compared to a person who

Just Open A climbs a precarious cliff. Each handhold or foothold is

SAVINGS ACCOUNT not a stopping place, but only a momentary place to pause.

NOW! And when he looks back at some point, it is apparent how

with $50.00 or more and you will receive hazardously he has come and how far he is from safe footFREE Schaeffer Fineline pen your lovely ing; or it may be as the man who lets himself down into a set. pencil and

Savings Accounts in any amount $1 to deep hole on a ladder—a ladder that is just a little short;

$25,000. years of continuous operation. and so he lets loose the last rung and drops down. But having 32

let loose, he may find it impossible or at least exceedingly CURRENT Per difficult to reach the rung again. Any point of departure DIVIDEND Annum from principle is a critical point—for the first step leads to

Utah Savings howthe second,easy it andis, afurtherjourneystepson thefollowwrongin order.road isAnddisappointingno matter

Association Loan and and often disastrous—for it just doesn't arrive at the right Center, 172 West PROVO

MAIL HANDY COUPON end.

order Send your check or money to ka Spoken vWord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE Center, Provo, 172 Utah Savings, and your savings pass book and pen set PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING >vili be mailed to you immediately. SYSTEM, NOVEMBER 25, 1951

Name Copyright, 1951 Address City Zone.. -State.

48 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Inside the NEWS there's Enjoyment for Everyone

Whatever the ages, interests or occuThe Deseret News combines the napations of Mountain West readers... or tion's leading columnists, largest wire servyour own special interests, the Deseret ices, and all noteworthy Mountain West

News is editedto-order for you! news, plus more pictures than other area

Sportsmen find the largest sports covnewspapers.

erage there. Women find the Family and

MidWeek sections interesting and helpEspecially popular are the weekly ful. Children enjoy the nation's finest Farm and Garden section, Church Section,

comics and Newsette. and the exclusive, locallyedited colorgravure Sunday Magazine.

There is news for special interest groups too, such as camera, chess and dog fanSubscribe to the Deseret News today ciers'columns, to mention a few. and enjoy the newspaper everyone enjoys!

B W SP AP ER THE MOUNTAIN WESTS H4 N

JANUARY 1952 49 if misled are we We In Australia—the Beginnings will able always beAwards and Rewards aredisdainful.either. We

(Concluded from page 48) to find people who—-in terms of (Continued from page 27)

achievements, the deeper virtues. what they have, what they know, explaining the organization of theThey are beyond true human evaluwhat they do—are inferior or sutrue Church of Jesus Christ upon the

ation. We can, for instance, reperior to us. But there is only one earth. A question and answer period,

cord a man's attendance at meetsignificant comparison we can apfollowed, and he was invited to reings. But we cannot record the ply to ourselves—the comparison turn the following Sunday to preach.

depth of his worship and concenof what we are doing to what we told congregation the Elder Some of do. tration. can doing our best? hear a Are we pray. But man We the intimated that Lord had ourselves? his Are sincerity cannot we bettering Are Murdock measure orwe

to visions that them by dreams and truerhis faith. Latterday Saints today pays we know a man We messenger the was on way. One than tithing. If so yesterday? we were cannot But we a measure we

a vision of kingthe had had if are progressing, nothis are failman motives generosity. or his we We established in center the dom of God ing, is regardless of compare howassume we chaste. But a man we

cannot gauge his purity of thought. with others, regardless of how of the world, which continued to

One reason the Master taught us others credit or discredit us. increase until it overcame the world,

as Elder speaking, and was Murdock is into that vital not""judge the let's so, not transform And Spirit testified this to the the that man eternal virtues,and no man living into can plan of for awards. a war the the cause speaker was. representedaccurately another. judge conDo rise Let's above envy outward and of the God. worktests this to blind us and awards trivial judging. and show And

fact? amidst acclaim and applause, let's Cpeaking at the race course the folFinally, in comparing and com'remember: lowing Sunday, Elder Murdock

peting with others, do we forget The reward is in doing, not [or chose as his subject the principles of to compare and compete with ourdoing. the gospel, the restoration, and the

selves? Ultimately our happiness—and millennial reign of Christ. That

There are two dangers in comthe final plaudit "Well done"evening, Elder Wandell delivered a paring ourselves with others. We will not depend on how we excel discourse in a hired hall upon the

may be discouraged or we may be others, but how we excel ourselves. ministration of angels to the Prophet

Sure ve$ you a start,.

FINEST GASOLINE WE'VE EVER MADE

The gasoline you buy at your Utoco dealer's today is a champion performer... bursting

with power... perfect for quick starts. It is

a product long famous for consistent, high quality... a product easily identified on

your dealer's driveway by the famous Utoco emblem.

LUBRICATE FOR SAFETY

EVERY 1000 MILES

UTAH OIL

REFINING CO.

41st Year of Progress See yiar utoco Pa/er for Sifperfor Froc/ifcfs a/f/Semee

50 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Joseph Smith. At the close of the

meeting the landlord said that he would not let him have the room for another meeting/ Elder Murdock found that speaking outof-doors was detrimental to his health, but that he could preach indoors with no ill effect; therefore, he

limited his activities. Within six

months, however, he had visited the city of Melbourne, six hundred miles south and found the people too excited with gold fever to have much time for religion.

Elder Wandell was a fountain of physical strength, and he thrust in the sickle v/ith all his might.'

Joseph Popplewells, a native of

Yorkshire, England, was the first convert of these elders from Zion. He

was baptized at Sydney on December 3, 1851. The Spirit attended the

baptismal service."* Thirteen members

of the Church were organized as the

Sydney Branch on January 4, 1852."

At this meeting some were ordained to the Aaronic Priesthood.'"By the

end of March 1852, Brother Wandell was making plans to take the gospel message to the south again."Soon

after Elder Murdock left Australia in

June to return to his home in Utah, a branch of the Church was organized at Melbourne. Elder Murdock left

Elder Wandell in charge of a thrivSIPHON WITH A STEEL THROAT. Extending around the north end of Soap Lake

ing mission of fortyseven members. in the Grand Coulee area, this huge siphon, more than 22 feet in diameter,

Some of the local brethren were adwill carry irrigation water from an elevation of 1320 feet down into a 215foot vancing the work every day as misdip in the land's profile, and up again to an elevation of 1301 feet. The siphon

sionaries. Elder Wandell was released is steellined concrete pipe. The 3400 tons of steel plate used to fabricate the

as other missionaries came from Utah. liner sections were supplied by U. S. Steel, while the outside traveler and

He left Australia April 6, 1853 for form (inset), and the inside traveler and collapsible ribs, were especially fabrihome, with a company of emigrating cated by U. S. Steel for the casting of this large conduit. Only steel can do so many jobs so well.

Saints.

In 1854 the work was extended into New Zealand, and from then until the New Zealand Mission was organized in 1897, the mission was known as the Australasian Mission."

The converts in Australia have been strong. Unstintedly they have added totheir strength to the in the Quick, Easy Way Church HERE IS

mission field and in the stakes of STOP SMOKINGZion as they have emigrated. Prob- "IT DOESN'T COSTIT PAYS"REAL HAIR

ably the bestknown of the Australian comfortably,Now you can easily,stop smokingthe verywithfirstno day—oreffort,

converts was the English organ your money refunded. The recent medico) BEAUTYmaker, Joseph H. Ridges, who condiscoverySTOP, guaranteedyou haveabsolutelyread aboutharmless,—NICOnon-

structed the organ in the Salt Lake physicians.toxic, nonhabitUsed successfullyforming. byEndorsedthousands.by Creamed

Tabernacle. freeAt yourinformationdruggist'saboutor mailavailablecoupon sizestoday andfor

moneyback guarantee. Shampoo

Manuscript History Australian the of Dept. Calif. Saint Helena, Mission, NICOSTOP, A,

Historian's Office, Salt Lake City, free Utah. prices. WITH 2% POWDERED egg Please send information and

''Millennial Star, 459. XIV: m Manuscript History of hair needs the Australian Mission. Name if yourHistorian's OfFice.

cit., "Roberts, op. IV: 71. Address—

.., help iManuscript History the Australian of Mission.

City State iMillennial Star, 460. XIV: IPL*D tt needs Jenson, Encyclopedic Andrew History Church, of the

JANUARY 1952 51 i3un Jkepkerd, EDITOR - - -TODAY'

WHAT PART SHOULD THE TEENAGER PLAY means2. Confidethat youin keepyour themparents.informedThis

about your basic feelings, fears, and

IN THE FAMILY? aspirations. As you confide in them

you usually strengthen your goals and interests and overcome fears and problems. In turn, you strengthen

PROFESSOR OF SOCIOLOGY, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH the family.

3. Cooperate with all members of

the family. A newborn babe receives entirely from others; he is able

This is the first in a series of articles addressed to the problems of the to give practically nothing. As boys

teenager, particularly to in and the teenager the family. more The author is and girls grow up, they learn to give director the of of Student Bureau Counsel at the University of Utah, and coauthor with Anthon S. Cannon of "Building Your Marriage,"a book now being and to think of the interests and

used as a text by more than twentyfive American colleges. Dr. Skidmore is a needs of others. A young person who

member of the high council of Monument Park Stake, Salt Lake City. is sensitive to the feelings of all family members and tries to cultivate

jjTTOW do you get along in your vide a wellspring for developing their interests and supply their needs rl family?"asked Beth, aged maturity. Parents need to rememis behaving maturely.

"- fifteen. "Do your parents unber that a youth is never so much in 4. Get understanding and standards

derstand you and help you?"need of understanding as when he is from your parents. Parents are not

Mary, seventeen, answered sinnon- approachable and never so much perfect, but they have had many rich experiences and have learnedcerely, "Yes, most of the time—I love in need of love as when he is unmy family—why?"lovable. much which can benefit youth. They

"Sometimes I don't understand my What should the teenager give are an excellent source for learning parents at all,"replied Beth. "Often in return for the love, security, standards and ideals. They can in-

I wonder just what they expect of understanding, physical care, and stil in you the rules of society and the me. guidance of his parents and brothers Church. Youth who ask their parBeth's problems seem to be typiand sisters? Here are some suggesents questions usually benefit by increased knowledge and understandteen-agers:cal ones youth. parents tions, among And

ing; at this process the same time 1. Assume some responsibility inoften similar questions regarding have

the family. often Parents in share the home. keeping strengthens Do youtheir children. the should What are more openminded unand more tidy, in the home neat and mowingfamily teenager, provide the and

than youth presume. or helping lawn otherwise around derstanding this should youthfulwhat member of the

your parents happy. 5. Try to make the house yard? and When younger in givethe family return?

This can be done best by your living

Being a family member, whether the teachings of the Church and thus parent or child, involves giving as accomplishing good, not getting into well as receiving. Although two serious trouble. If you want to sense

generations are involved in a family, what it means to be a proud parent, parents and children, the family watch closely the facial expression of should provide a twoway channel a father or grandfather as he spots for love, security, help, affection, and his son or grandson receiving his recognition. Parents and children diploma at graduation. The youth

will find family living mutually endoesn't need to be the valedictorian, riching if both have a basic underjust an ordinary boy or girl.

standing of their responsibilities and 6. Bring your friends to your famlive accordingly. After all, more than ily and hojne. Share your friends

forty million families form the very with your family. The home can

heart of our American way of life. provide all kinds of fun activities;

Parents usually give to their parties, candy pulls, pingpong games, children a comfortable home, food, etc. Youth rarely get into difficulty

and clothing; and they should at home.

provide the even more important brothers or sisters arrive, do you as- 7. Give affection to your parents

needs of love and wise guidance. sist in caring for them? Are doing and brothers and sisters. They need

Two parents who love each other dishes or other helpful activities a love, too. As you give to them, you

and who love their children propart of your daily program? in return gain satisfaction.

52 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 8. Be willing to share. Mature

teenagers are those who are not only able but also willing to share with 99 others, even if it means clothes, playChosen ''Culinary Queen things, or a car.

9. Be flexible. This means that at at Oregon State Fair

times you will forego a personal choice or plan for the welfare and benefit of the family. This may mean

missing a basketball game or some other fun activity; but it will

strengthen your family and will make you feel good inside—if you want it

to. 10. Join in a family night—once a

week. If your family already has

the practice of a weekly gettogether, be sure to take part in it; if not, ask

your parents to set aside one night a week during which you can have fun and learn together. Try to help your

parents come closer to you by coming closer to them.

WORK IN OILCIOTH

Says Active Dry Yeast is handy and fast

By Marjorie Purdy

YOU like to work with colors, IF maybe you will derive the ensomeYoungofgrandsonthe blueTerryribbonsadmiresMrs. Yeast.says, "and"It dissolvesrises so fast,"in a jiffy.she

joyment we did from making these O. W. Olson has won for her This handy Dry Yeast gives

curtain tiebacks with matching string cooking prowess... she's a me grand results!"

holder and flowerpot cover for grandmother any boy could be What could be more satisfyMother's or Grandmother's kitchen. proud of! In 1951, Mrs. Olson ing, more delicious than goodies

This is especially pleasant and inwas chosen "Culinary Queen"made with yeast! They're so

expensive work for someone who is at the Oregon State Fair—for wholesome and nourishing for

teaching handcrafts to a group of the second time in 3 years! your family, too. When you

girls. These articles are made from She won many other prizes bake at home, use yeast. And

Fleischmann'soilcloth, and only a small amount of as well—the State Fair judges use the best—

It's so easy Yeast. altoActive her ribbons Dry 21 awarded is required,each color for a even

dissolves in a jiffy to and like gether! so many And use—goodsized of girls. group Of course, rises fast. so prize cooks, uses Olson Try Fleischmann's Mrs.

any color combination may be used, Fleischmann's Active Dry Active Dry Yeast!

but for the sake of illustration I shall use one color scheme chosen by girls in my group.

Curtain Tiehack: First cut a strip

of green oilcloth twentytwo inches by one inch, and on each end sew a ring.brass strip curtain This goes Oil boyTea Garden 'R'cservesj

to the curtainaround hold it back and forms the base for the pretty flower decoration. (See unit C.)

Decorations: Each tieback requires

three units A and two units B, placed TEA alternately and slightly overlapping on each strip, as shown in unit C. GARDEN

The foundation of units A and B (Nos. 1 and 6) should be two inches Quality

or more in diameter.

To simplify fastening the whole unit to the tieback, place complete unit on the strip (unsewn) and Prime fruit, pure sugar and careful, smallbatch preparation fasten 3, 4, 5 to all pieces by one (Concluded on following page) make Tea Garden Preserves everyone''s favorite!

JANUARY 1952 53 WORK IN OIICIOTH

Unit A: I. Green 2. Black 3. Blue 4. Yellow 5. Rose. Unit B: 6. Yellow 7. Groon 8. Rose 9. Green 10. Blue.

UftitC

(Concluded from preceding page)

French knot of black embroidery cotton, through center of each. Do

the same with 8, 9, 10. Lyon Lan JJjo Jrt!

Matching String Holder: Make npHis column for young people,

two circles of green oilcloth, diameter and for any others who wish six inches. In the center of one, to take advantage of it, features

make a small hole through which articles of a "howto-doit"nastring may be threaded, and buttonture. Contributions are welhole stitch around it. Sew decoracome and will he considered for

tion of three units B at the center. publication at regular rates.

Then fit the two large circles together and fasten them from D to E with blanket stitch of black emstitch on each side separately. Sew

broidery thread. From E to D is a metal ring at the top, on the back

the opening, so continue blanket of the holder, for hanging on the wall.

Matching Flowerpot Cover: Cut

strip of green oilcloth, length and width of flowerpot desired covered.

Blanket stitch all around with black embroidery cotton. On front place

three units B.

l5TrrnTTii""ii""TYT'ni""rrrii'ni'"r>t'ii

.1

ii ii:'

String Holders Flowerpot Cover

HOMEMAKER'S BOORRACK LET'S HAVE HEALTHY CHILDREN we must not be content with past (Adelle Davis. Harcourt, Brace and standards, and second that improveCompany, New York. 195 L 314 pages. ment depends not only on wiser use of

$3.00.) wellknown foods but also on the in-

"PoLLOwiNG the pattern for health laid creased use of many natural suppledown in lier cookbook Let's Cook ments. Discussions on advantages of

It Right, Miss Davis shows in her curbreast feeding, feeding problems of barent book how many natural food supbies and young children, bottle formulas, plements may be incorporated into the prevention of allergies, and other asdiets of prospective mothers, infants, pects of keeping youngsters healthy help and young children to give them into make this a valuable book which creased health and resistance to disease. every mother and prospective mother

Ller thesis would seem to be: first, that could read to advantage. B. S.

THERE is one "first rule"in meat dry roasted; a rump roast, unless it

IF preparation that every young cook Meat Cookery comes from a highgrade animal, will should learn, it is this: High heat be pot roasted. It is the cook's duty

toughens protein. It is for this reato see that tender meat remains tenson that a roast should be cooked at (Lessons in Eating der and tough meat becomes tendertof uounq people awai4 from, komejhigher—andan oven temperaturethat "boilingof 300 F.,meat"not ized in cooking.

should be simmered, not boiled. Frozen Meat

To be specific, let's talk about beef;

for a knowledge of beef cuts may Frozen meat may be defrosted before or during cooking. Frozen roastseasily be applied to other meats. One

who cannot remember the names of'require approximately onethird to cuts (as shown on the chart) may onehalf again as long to cook as learn to look at size and shape of roasts which have been defrosted.

Method of defrosting does not parmuscles and bones in meat and tell from which part of the animal a cut ticularly affect flavor, tenderness, or is taken. A rib cut is readily recogjuiciness of meat.

nized; a cut with small round bone Steaks and chops to be coated with

must be from the leg; and large eggs and crumbs or with batter should

chunks of muscles and flat bones must be defrosted beforehand since coatings be shoulder or rump. Good quality do not readily adhere to frozen meat.

Thick frozen steaks must be broiledbeef is bright red in color, finemore slowly than defrosted ones tograined, and the fat is creamy white, firm, and brittle. Poor quality meat chased, depends on the age of the ensure their cooking before the meat

becomes too brown on outside.is a darker red, coarsegrained, with animal and the part of the carcass

a little fat that is yellow in color and from which the cut is taken. That

soft and oily. A good tender steak part of the animal that is least exerCooking Methods

will be wellmarbled, that is, have cised will provide the most tender Boil—to cook in water so hot that

fine streaks of fat running through cuts of meat. Thus, the loin and rib the surface bubbles actively. Meat

it. sections are more tender than the should be simmered, never boiled.

The tenderness of meat, when purchuck or round. A rib roast will be (Continued on following page)

//bfiu/arft/or/f&i.

ROYAL BAKING COMPANY Salt LakeOgden m

JANUARY 1952 55 MEAT COOKERY (Continued from preceding page) ing time will vary from 12 to 35CRAWFORD Braise—to brown meat quickly in minutes, depending on thickness of

small amount of fat, then reduce heat meat and degree of cooking desired.MW/ELUff below boiling point and cook with (Meats to cook this method: rib, DOORS lid on. A small amount of water is club, tenderloin, T-bone, porterhouse,

THE DOOR THAT LIFTS FREE usually added but is not needed in sirloin, top round steaks; patties;

AND EASY AT EITHER SIDE heavy pan with tightfitting lid, if liver, kidney, sweetbreads.)

heat is kept low. (Meats to cook this Frying—to cook meat slowly in

method: short ribs, plate, brisket; hot fat in open pan. Turn meat occhuck, round, rump, or flank roasts casionally. Meat may be coated with

and steaks; liver, kidney, heart, tripe, flour or egg and crumbs. (Meats to

sweetbreads.)Broil—to cook by placing meat on cookchops,thispatties;method:liver,thin tendertripe, steaks,sweetrack about four inches above or below breads, brains.)

direct flame or electric element. Meat Pan broil—to place meat in heavy

must be turned to cook both sides frying pan, preheated, and brown on and is seasoned after cooking. Cookboth sides; then reduce heat. No

RADIO CONTROLLED ELECTRIC

DOOR OPERATORS FOR ALL MAKES OF GARAGE DOORS.

OPENS AND CLOSES DOORS AT A TOUCH OF THE FINGER.

Crawford MarvelLift Door is ihe first and only garage door to be awarded industry's highest honor, the Merit Award of the American

Society of Industrial Engineers.

CRAWFORD DOOR sales co.

155 W. 2 So. Salt Lake City 4-6531*

The distinctive skills that are Estey have been responsible, for more than TOO years, in bringing to churches and chapels inspiring music of vtrorship and devotion. Whatever the model, an Estey Organ

is a tonal masterpiece—and there is a reed organ

to fit your special needs, from the practical, lowcost, portable FOLDING and JUNIOR, to the superb

SYMPHONIC or CATHEDRAL Priced from $175 to $1075, plus tax and freight. Organ committees

are invited to write for details and free illustrated folder.

Consult us for builtto-plan PIPE ORGANS

ESTEY ORGAN

CORPORATION 50 BIRGE STREET tHUCK POT(llflCtv>*'f5'koAsrJ9'*CSj]iiCrollmo hsck

BRATTLEBORO, VERMONT—Courtesy Cudahy Packing Co.

Beef chart, showing wholesale and retail cuts of meat.

56 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA cover is used. Pour fat from pan as

it accumulates. Pan may be lightlygreased beforehand for patties. (Meats

to cook this method: same as for

broiling.) 'wJK\m mui/ D Pot roast—to cook by braising. M

Vegetables are usually added to cook half to threethe about meatwith i/n (m krtiAowi jfo no mm it is ofquarters before done. an hour

(Meats to cook this method: chuck,

round,Roast—toor rumpcookroasts.)by dry heat, uncovered, in closed oven. Place meat

fat side up on rack in roasting pan (insert meat thermometer for most Truly, MD is a bathroom luxury efficient cooking); turn heat to 450 at a budget price! MD has

for 15 minutes, then lower to 300 F. all the things you wantand cook to degree desired. (See it's cotton white, baby soft,

timing chart.) Do not add water. strong! Buy several rolls

Salt is best applied after cooking of MD Toilet Tissue today!

itsince retards browning and makes crusty.meat this SOFTWHITE-STRONG to (Meats cook

method: rib roasts; highquality

chuck, round, or rump roasts; meat

loaf.)Simmer—to cook in water belowboiling point, about 185 F. (Meats cu

to cook this method: neck, shank,heel of round, plate, brisket, short a /

ribs, corned beef, stewing meat, kidney, heart, tongue, tripe; sweetbreads

and brains for precooking. Stewing

meat is generally seared in hot pan before simmering to give stew, more flavorSteam—toand color.)cook meat on rack in PIKES PEAK

closed pan, above steaming water.

Burner should be set below boiling FEOUR temperature, as steam will be same With FOUR temperature as the water. (Meats to Extra Baking

cook this method: any cut of meat; Advantages

alsoSwiss—toheart, cooktongue,by braising.liver, kidney.)Meat is SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS

pounded before cooking, and flour 425 West 5th South is pounded into it to absorb juices Salt Lake City. Utah

liberated. It is cooked with small

amount of water, meat stock, tomatoes, or other liquid. (Meats to cook

this method: round, chuck, or rump

steak; sliced heart or tongue.) JOUYTIJMC

VARIETY MEATS POPCORJ TThe vital organs, as the name implies, carry on the vital life?o?5BETTER

processes of the animal, and as suchhave a higher concentration of excellent protein, minerals, and vitamins than the muscle meats. Liver,

kidney, sweetbreads, brains, heart, FOR HEADQUARTERS it's I because Greyhound go all tongue this fall inand category, IN LAS VEGAS. NEVADA to Travel! Friendly the I L. D. S. I Way latter thealthough really are two KING'S YE REST MOTEL

Ask aboutmuscle meats. Both heart and tongue 52G 5TH STREET SOUTH

Dr.receive B. Foutz, a great Harold of exercise, deal Owner GREYHOUND'S

Low Fares Foutz. H. Edgar Manager whole,and if used they should Everywhere! be Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout

Concluded on following page) JANUARY 1952 57 ALL-O-WHEAT {Continued from preceding page)MEAT COOKERY14 teaspoon salt

I/4 cup hot water CEREAL precooked by steaming or simmering, if oveneven or broiled browned The Best Healthful and Most cranberries, apple, Combine and later. for be sliced to Eat! Cereal They Your Family may

fat and sugar. a celery in melted Cook

Ali-O-Wheat is not pounded to tenderize lor frying; or few minutes. Then combine all inonly made from the they may be diced for stew, meat gredients and mix well. Double the

finest Whole 100% loaf, etc. recipe for chicken. (Other fruits

conwhich Wheat tains all the food valsteamed dried apricots, crushed pineues, but it also conStuffed Heart apple, cooked prunes, etc.—may be subtains its values and stituted.)

delicious flavor AFSelect whole heart and steam at low it is processed. TER

until temperature pierced tender Baked Liver with Apples when

IT'S STEEL CUT hours. 2 with a fork, about meat When JiiiiiiiiMiMiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiriiiiriiiiiMliiilliMiiiiiiiiimiiiiiMiMiiiiii

|ALL-0-WHEAT breakfast ceis tender, heat stufPing thoroughly in 2 large baking apples

I real is milled to a granular | drippings, pack into heart, and brown 1 pound sliced liver

I fineness on a special Steel | thoroughly under broiler. 1 small onion, chopped

I Cut machine, thus retaining | 4 slices bacon la maximum of vitamins, | Cranhernj Stuffing salt

I body building proteins, min- | cranberries, cup chopped the apples peel. Core but not do |erals, etc. | Yo

rMMiiiMitii]iiMiiii]iti!i[iiirtrjiiMii[iiMn[iiiniiniiiiiiiifiiiiiriiittiitMMiii? slices crosswise cup in thick apple, chopped Cut place and 2

ALL-O-WHEAT IS 142 tbsp.cup dicedsugarcelery inliver,oiledseasonedbakingwithdish.salt,Layoverslicesapples.of

DELICIOUS to the Taste 2 tbsp. butter or margarine. Add'chopped onion and lay bacon

NUTRITIOUS to the Body 21/2 cups dayold bread crumbs slices on top. Bake in slow oven (300

EASY TO PREPARE 1/4 teaspoon poultry seasoning F.) about 45 minutes.

VERY ECONOMICAL to use Get it at your grocers today or write to Cooking Times and Temperatures

ALL-O-WHEAT CO.

Cooking Time Internal OGDEN, UTAH (Minutes per Oven Temperature

Type of Meat pound)* Temperature of Meat

Beef, less tender 4550 225250 F. 135 F. (Rare)

cuts (roasted) 5560 150 F. (Medium)

6070 160 F. (Well done)

Beef, tender cuts 1820 300 F. 140 F. (Rare)

2025 155 F. (Medium)

2730 165 F. (Well done)

Chicken, roasting 3545 300 F. 185 F.

stewing 6070 185 F.

Duck, young 2530 300 F. 185 F.

Ham, home cured 2530 300 F. 165170 F.

tenderized 2025 300 F. 150155 F.

Lamb, leg - 2530 300 F. 155160 F.

shoulder 4045 275 F. 155160 F.

Liver, uncut "1520 300 F. 145160 F.

Mutton, leg or shoulder 6070 225250 180185 F.

Pork roast** 3540 300 - F. 165170 F.

Rabbit 3035 300 F. 180 F.

Spareribs 3035 300 F. 180185 F.

Turkey, large 1518 300 F. 180185 F.

small 2025 300 F. 180185 F.

Veal, standing roast 4045 275 F. 180185 F.

rolled roast 4550 275 F. 180185 F.

*Use figures for shorter cooking time if roast is large (over 4 lbs.), contains

much bone, has been frozen and thawed, is flat, or is stuffed.

**Pork is not safe to eat unless welldone.

MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS Adclle Davis, Let's Cook It Right. Harcourt, Brace & Co., New York. 1947, p. 76. Reprinted by permissioji.

58 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Ward Teachers'Report

Meeting Demonstration

(Continued from page 46) I think that if you as the bishop would appeal to the ward in sacrament meeting for perhaps two or three sacrament meetings to show respect for the ward teachers, to listen to the message, to call the family together, to turn off their radios and television sets, I think they would respond to it.

Bishop: Do you brethren concur with Have you tried Glade's new Orange Rings?

this suggestion? We shall be very You'd better... right away.

happy to comply, Brother Tliomas, and

I appreciate your suggestion. They're good enough for kings and queens,

It to objective inform shall be my trust That's what you hear folks say. respect that people of theour we

they will accord our ward teachers Just think how Orange Rings are mad0 when they call, and be courteous enough.,to accept them as the servants of the And then you'll want to try 'em

Lord and eHminatc the competition of "a They're chocolatecoated marmalade * television and radio. vt"

Bro. Tempest: Bishop, on one occaDo rush right out and buy 'em!

sion when my companion and I were visiting, we encountered a similar problem, and I made this statement: "It

appears thai, you people are listening to a special program, and in this event we would be glad to go next door and do our teaching and return after the program has been completed."Brother

Jones said, "No, we wouldn't have you do that. We will be glad to turn it off."

Bishop: See if some of you brethren

cannot think up some such strategy when you go around, will you, and see if it will work and give us a little help on this television problem.

On the James Alcott family, I note sixteen,that age is not yet John, orDEUCIOUS '-->"ORANGE RINGS Priesthood. to thedained Aaronic The

bishopric are aware of this condition, at your candy counter and in our ward boy leadership committee meeting we bave been working,on it, but I asked you, Brother Borup, as the ward teacher and you, Brother

Bruce, as his companion, to be very much aware of this problem. We are

quite concerned about it. We solicit

your close followup on this matter.

Brother Bruce, since he is about your

if itage, I think you would be well IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS tried to out of a companion make WE OFFER... John

and encourage his attendance. Of course A COMPLETE Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

ENGRAVING SERVICE sore throat and other minor mouthyou went with Brother Borup when he visited John, I presume, and made his FromCatalogues.Missionary Portraits to the Largest and throat irritations.

acquaintance? Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

sir, I didn't. Bird: Bro. No,

didn't Bishop: go with Brother UTAH ENGRAVING CO. HALL'S REMEDY You

Borup? 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah Salt Lake City, Utah

Bro. Bird: No, Bishop.

Bishop: You mean you did not visit

any of these families listed on this relastport during month? I BIBLE THE S R D N KNOW O AC CO 50 RELIGIOUS VITAL QUESTIONS I sir. first Bird: Bro. the waited No, Answered by ITALIAN MAKES FAMOUS 800 BIBLICAL IMPORTANT QUOTATIONS in Brother the month,Thursday to Bible Christian Students, and Workers Available

251 Binding Cloth Pages——S2.00 Missionaries at and secdidn't the phone, then andBorup B. BENJAMIN ALWARD SPECIAL DISCOUNTS all evening, I waited Firstond Thursday and Salt 148 City Ave. Lake 3, Utah Literature for FREE Write Today

Bookcraft; Co.; Deseret Or Z.C.M.I. Book still did not phone.he Inc. CENTER, ACCORDION CHICAGO

III. IE, Ave., N. Chicago Dept. 22, Damen 754 (Continued page) following on

JANUARY 1952 59 WARD TEACHERS'REPORT MEETING DEMONSTRATION (Continued from preceding page) Bishop: What was the outcome of

like please? discussion, a different the you Bishop: Would The

(Laugfiter.) Well, I think the parBrother Bro. Bruce? Rp ORGAN companion, Thomas:

Now, brethren, this may sound humorents are willing that she be baptized for ous, but really it is a very serious matall right, but I don't think Josephine is ter. When our senior companions, ready yet.

Church or Home notbearingaccordthe theirMelchizedekjunior companionsPriesthood, doof be Bishop:made ready?I see. Do you think she can

the Aaronic Priesthood the courtesy of Bro. Thomas: Yes, I think so. We

calling and making an appointment, it had a nice discussion of baptism.

is a serious thing. I should like you Bishop: Brother Thomas, if you had

brethren to turn this matter over in noticed your permanent record of famiyour minds very seriously. I am sure. lies in your ward teachers'report book

Brother Borup, that there must have three months before Josephine became been some reason and that you will eight years of age and had been talking be happy to explain it to your comabout it for three months, do you bepanion and avoid its repetition. Just lieve she could have been ready for

watch it, will you, and encourage your baptism when the Lord suggests she be

Aaronic Priesthood companion? You baptized?

are not discouraged, Bruce? Bro. Thomas: Yes, Bishop, I believe

Bro. Bird: No, Bishop, I like Brother.she could. I am in sackcloth and ashes.

(Laughter.) I enjoy teaching. and ward Easy To Play.. Borup, Bishop: All of you ward teachers Bishop: very much, Bruce, you Thank

this, will until Don't wait you? watch attitude. that is a fine no "installation"expense,... eight. a child becomes Look ahead and

* * * sH sH beautiful, musirich tone and their teach these children, help parents cal versatility all combine to I now turn to Brother David G. instruct them in the doctrines and

make this model Connsonata Thomas and his Aaronic Priesthood ordinances of the Church.

Carl companion, Judd. You report give information concernYou me the

America's Best Ogran. Connthat is in the army. John Alder the I had ing in family. death the Dayton

sonata offers more of every- a nice interview with John before he Jane, fourteen, died just a short time thing you want in an organ. went in the army three months ago. ago. I tried to call you brethren and

Purchase terms can be arWhen did you find out he had gone take you with me, but I could not reach the army. Brother Thomas? I you, course and of had to go imranged. into

Bro. it out dur- I just found Thomas: visits all of mediately. In there, my

ing our last visit. Bishop. I missed him however, I did not see you. Did you

before, but I had not inquired. visit this family in their bereavement?

Bishop: I see. Brother Thomas and Bro. Thomas: Yes, Bishop.

Carl, have you brethren written to this Bishop: Tell me something about

young man in the service since you your visit.

left? out he had Bro. As soon Thomas: found as we fKeuamiitu found

Bro. No, Thomas: I have not. out this about to visit famit, we went

Bro. Judd: I haven't either, Bishop. ily, and we had a very wonderful ex-

j Daynes Music Co. I Bishop: Don't you think that as ward perience there.

teachers it would be a fine thing that, Bishop: Do you want to tell us about

it, It Brother will help the Thomas? nnffl sinceyou visityou cannothim throughvisit himcorrespondence?in the home, I like brethren. other to have some

4547 South Main, Salt Lake You can tell him how you missed him these experiences related for our mutualof 145 North University, Provo in the family circle, you can encourage blessing and encouragement.

him to live the standards of the Church. Bro. Thomas: We felt it was our duty

Don't you think it would be well. to offer our services to the family, our

Brother Thomas? sympathy, and we suggested that we

Bro. Thomas: I think that should be call upon the Lord. We had a lovely

done. Carl and I will frame a letter prayer with the family. We felt that

Bishop: I like the way you said that, the Spirit of the Lord was there, and

"Carl and I."Both of you sign the they seemed appreciative of our visit.

letter and send it to him as his ward Bishop: I appreciate that, Brother

teachers, and consider the advisability Thomas. I fear that sometimes our

SALT LAKE COSTUME CO. of doing it each month. ward teachers are a little bit reticent,

248 So. Main St., Salt Lake City - Dial 3-1031 In your report on the Hansen family, perhaps out of fear, to invite the people

we have an adult member of the to pray. I am sure that when it is

Aaronic Priesthood as the head of right the Lord will move upon you the home. Josephine, you report, turned brethren if you will keep yourselves

''Stephen's Motor Hotel eight years of age three months ago in such condition that he can prompt 11955 Wilshire Blvd. and is not yet baptized. This is the you to pray with the people.

Cal. Los 25, Angeles West first Brother it to Carl, this presents reported a rather time me, I you have

L. Excellent Headquarters A. while Your

for serious believe. did talking problem you start you site. you. Were location Five our near When templein minnew

cool. utes to ocean. Wonderfully No smog. about baptism in this home? called by Brother Thomas to go to this or wire write For Reservations

Nettie Jorgensen Bott, Owner Bro. Thomas: This last visit was our family during their bereavement when

Centrally located for vacation enjoyment. first discussion of it. Jane died?

60 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bro. Judd: Yes, Bishop, I was.

Bishop: And did you go? FIRST CHOICE! Yes. Bro. Judd:

Bishop: Carl, sometimes our Aaronic

Priesthood boys feel that because they Hotel Utah's Popular Coffee Shop are young, and because they are with a senior companion who knows much more than they do, there isn't very much they can do. Do you feel you accomplished very much good in that home,

Carl?

Bro. Judd: Yes, Bishop, because the

family has a young boy in it my own age.

Bishop: And what did you do about

it? Before a Show

Bro. Judd: I put my arm around him

and tried to comfort him in his sorrow.

I believe I did some good.

Bishop: The Lord sustain you and

bless you, my boy, in such worthy efforts.

Brother Thomas, you are the stake superintendent of Sunday Schools. How

do you find time to do ward teaching?

Is it ever a burden?

Bro. Thomas: Well, bishop, I enjoy

ward teaching. I think it is something

that all bearers of the priesthood should do.

Bishop: I wish we were on the air so

everyone could hear you say that, Brother Thomas. (Laughter.)

Now, Carl, one question. As a bearer

of the Aaronic Priesthood, I should like to have an expression from you. Do

you really enjoy going ward teaching or do you just think it is something that has been assigned to you and you do your best? Do you enjoy it,

Carl?

Bro. Judd: Yes, I enjoy it immensely.

Bishop: Tell me what you get out of

it, will you? Bro. Judd: I think it is a wonderful TheTie

blessing to go ward teaching. It makes

me feel wonderful all over when I have gone out and done my ward teachingwith my senior companion. e fhatdhds

Bishop: Do you appreciate the priesthood any more when you are function- S The intermountain West!

ing as a ward teacher?

Bro. Judd: Yes, I am glad that I am

in Priesthood the a teacher Aaronic and PEACE OR WAR? Communism or Democracy? Freedom or Slavery?

visit people in their the go outcan and homes. 1952 may well decide. This fateful year, above all before, it Is the duty of

Bishop: Now, you brethren, I should each of us as free men to keep clearly, factuatly informed. This is a year

like you to remember what you have heard today as you go among your of decision for the world. It is a year of decision for you.

families. There are many other things In 1952, as always. The Salt Lake Tribune is dedicated to publish the ifiews

we could bring in tonight but we of the world and of our own west as completely as all the devices of modern haven't time.

Brother Borup, I overlooked that, in journalism can report it... as honestly and objectively as conscientious

addition to your being a ward teacher, human effort can make It and as excellently as the great majority of our you are president of the high priests'orea's families have come to expect of The Salt Lake Tribune, the tie that quorum in the stake, and you apparently make no complaints about it. binds the intermountain west.

Bro. Borup: Oh, I think I should set

an example to the rest of them even though I failed a little. (Laughter.) dt ukt

Bishop: That is a lovely attitude, One of America's Great Newspapers

{Concluded on following page) JANUARY 1952 61 WARD TEACHERS'REPORT MEETING DEMONSTRATION

(Concluded from preceding page) Brethren, I hope you are catching the

Brother Borup, and we appreciate it spirit of that boy's message. Will you

very much. take it seriously, you senior companIn conclusion, brethren, I have just ions? Doesn't it strike you to be rather

a couple of thoughts I should like to peculiar that a boy in the Aaronic leave with you, one in the form of a Priesthood should sometimes be comlittle story that came to me during pelled to set the example to those who the past two weeks. One of our ordained bear the Melchizedek Priesthood?

this in teachers almost ward came to me

I said: in tears "Bishop, guess and you I have noticed with some concern

might just as well release me from being your personal reports on the back of

RED CLOVER TEA a ward teacher."your written reports, brethren, where

certify Alvita's to the bishop Red Clover is a wholeyou that you attend as to his difficulties, I inquired and of product the sun Some and or priesthood meeting sacrament meetlike this: "I cuttings reported he tender soil. The something young

}'ou ing, other certain that do and of rich chockfull natural are first called the Thurscompanion my it goodness...and a brews things. are doing of you some While

I night day waited hour an had when alkaline mildly of soothing, tea of I regret that have you some dx/iflfKUd i flavorful quality. for or as to two had well, come him we

sacrato never that you come try reported previously arranged. always We

to or that meeting one ment you come first to the go second on and Thursday

LEAF TEA PEPPERMINT the priesthood or meetings during two of nights as the the brethren month It's favorite everybody's ask to people the month. can you How to. the flavorable taste. minty..for said ask and us not could he But he

are that willing not do something you of freshly aroma made Peppernight. give didn't that go any He me

is irresistible... mint and as Tea to bring do? can you them How I to excuse. night Thursday The next as refreshing a wholesome and

tlie point don't the if you Lord way? Spring morn. said again. called but was home He SUi/xSnncCi

he couldn't go ward teaching. All in I urge you brethren with all my heart

STRAWBERRY LEAF TEA all, Bishop, I have called him at least to live before your people as you are for its allaround Preferred this to four I send teach times you month. them, and I am expected Now

tasty, goodness. natural A

blessings, as the bishop anxious forth with duty in the Aaronic to do.. my my drink. that's wholesome

mildly alkaline—an excellent Priesthood. I have to go ward teachof the ward, and pray that you will

substitute for ordinary tea and ing to meet the requirements and standtake your calling seriously and that coffee.

Wrfte Today for our free Brochure ards of the Aaronic Priesthood prothe Lord will magnify you before the "Natural Foods Enjoymenf"for Wbotesome gram."people.

CO. ALVITA PA S A E N A, C A L I F O R N I A PRODUCTS

At Your Local Health Food Store 1 "MEN SHAll NOT LIVE BY BREAD ALONE"

SEE YOUR TRAVEL AGENT"(Continued from page 21) our borders are permitted to stalk

Hawaii Mexico broken success, we have become too selfabroad in the land and destroy our

Panama sufficient to feel the necessity of redeemfaith in God and induce us to live

For South America ing and preserving grace, too proud to pray by bread alone? Is it not tim.e that

Virgin us. Islands Winter to the (Abraham God that made Linwe all, like Lincoln, go to our knees Travel Cuba coln, 30, Proclamation, 1863. Messages March

to a Bermuda and Proclamations of the Presidents, and ask God to implement our armaNassau "SUNNY"to his give us with power and in the VL 164165.) ments World Bahamas

is to tide the will the stem which AIR—RAIL - STEAMSHIP

TOURS - HOTELS This proclamation, which was carrying men to Caesar and turning timely in Lincoln's day, is certainly them from God?

UNIVERSAL not untimely in our own. How well An editor of Fortune Magazine,

TRAVEL SERVICE INC. he himself knew the futility of trying writing in the issue of January 1940,

Mezzanine—Hotel Temple Square to live by bread alone. Often in his had this to say, and I quote only in

Phone 5-6215 own life, as he was wont to say, "I part:

went to my knees because I had noHOTEL LANKERSHIM where else to go."In his darkest hours couldBy nomaterialismconceivablehavesetproducedof circumstancesthe great

7+h & BROADWAY he sought the sustaining influence "solution"of the Eighteenth Century that which comes from God. we have come to know as the American

Is it out of order to assert that we origin,System. on Thethe oneAmericanhand, inSystempassionatehas reits

IN THE VERY HEART OF need that divine influence and religious sects who believed in the spiritual

LOSANGELES generating force in this day just as absolutes that today are lacking; and on

the nation did in Lincoln's time? Are the other hand in those nationalists of

MARCH OF DIMES we not passing through times more the Golden Age of the American colonies perilous than the darkest days of the fornisticwhombut divine.reason Similarly,was not merelyby no conceivmecha-

Civil War? able set of circumstances will it be possible to

solve by materialism the titantic problems, /UR nation is spending billions for domestic and international, with which defense against enemies beyond humanityanswers to is thefacedquestionstoday. thatThe humanityultimate

our borders; yet, may I ask, what raises are not, and never have been, in

JANUARY 2-31 have we to defend if enemies within the flesh.

62 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In seeking a solution to our present Further your business education by endifficulties, he concludes: rolling in LD.S. Business College's

The way out is the sound of a voice, not our voice, but a voice coming from WINTER TERM of in the existence not ourselves, something

... it starting January 2, 1952. disbeheve. Without which we cannot

we are n more capable of saving the world than we were capable of creating it in the Complete business curriculum with first place. courses in Accounting, Secretarial Training, Business Management and General

If man in his seeking for the word of God does not find it, it is not Office Work. INDIVIDUAL TRAINING on

because God has withdrawn from these new office machines:

man, but because man has withdrawn MaJ(e your plans to enroll... IBM Key Punch machine

from God. I bear testimony that he NOWl Call today, or come in and Moon Hopkins Billing machine

direction. not left has us without Both enjoy our friendly personal counsel. Moon Hopkins Bookkeeping machine

in times of old our generation and in his voice has declared the way. To Day or evening couses.

survive the ills that beset us on every hand let us lift up our eyes and lend You're always cordially welcome at.,.

listening ears to him who said, "Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that procecdcth out BUSINESS COllEGE of the mouth of God."(Matt. 4:4.)

LAKE CITY, UTAH 70 NORTH MAIN—3-2765SALT

Conversation at Dinner

(Concluded from page 29) rather lose you quickly than to lose you to bickering and frustration, and to the deep sorrow I have seen come to other homes. I'm thinking of little Jeannie and little Dickie

now, you know,"he finished with a rueful grin. "Know what I Here's a Pointer

mean?"On Family Dining "I know exactly what you mean,

folks the take fammost I'm with all the WHEN and you way."Confused about inare ily dinner, for they out

I mistake. no "Make want you, things: in main terested two

I will fight for you. I'll pray earnests - prepared INSURANCE? getting tasty, well

I'll it ly, getting as inexpendiligently. and study and food I may

circles, in you're wandering possible. meals sively as Good I like well as confess, what insurance, your about I've wonderingIf

usually inexpensive meals and local AGENT. see your KOLOB in of seen the Church Mutual and

don't together—EXCEPT—come to your look will over glad be He socials. your books, Give your me favorite family at Salt Lake's if tell policies you and present

and I'll give you mine. Somewhere your protection can be improved, dining spot, the Hotel Temple

truth is to be found. I'll not change or if you can get more for what Square Coffee Shop! If you

than paying. it, are More you now tried missed haven't you've'without behef conviction, honest my all secserve Agents Kolob CI real dinfor discovery! Come

I'll let but not Idaho, easily."Montana, Utah, of go you He 300tions soon, ner won't promyou? We

.. all of kinds. writing Nevada laid his hand, up, the table. palm on ise often. back come you—you'll insurance.

it "Is a deal?"

Here was a man—a man who

could lead! Here was a man she

could follow, once he was conHOTEL verted, for he would go nowhere

SALISBURY, Mgr. FRANK SQUARE TEMPLE unless it was right. Knowing how

Bldg. Salt Lake City it 330 Judge Manager Clarence L. West, end, would the knowing where

search for truth would lead, and with no fear for study, Jeanette JUnhri'akable... nioiiltled

Lifihtglass. look like his. her put into hand Richness

I<.'o- weiglit, free. noisf

her; flooded over joy liciglil. poured back DRINK I'noiniciil.to Slantiard

into her heart. The way was still Order from your dealer.

SPECIAL OFFER the narrow, gate still very straight, A delightful trial lof of for SLOO those Mail for hot beverage led both but to beauty. postpnid. sent dozen om> coffee, drink don't who

"It's a deal!"she said. AT YOUR GROCERS 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass.

JANUARY 1952 63 T ILY WiEST (KUNZ) short poems about our old Indian who has taken our religion is a Golden Gleaner and teachings with him. Our younger generation is losing

of whom the Seveneverything about our old Indians. And it makes me sad.

teenth Ward, Salt Lake Yours truly,

Stake, is justifiably /s/ Art Wakolee proud. She was born

in Brazil of Catholic a Alberta Edmonton, family. parents Her

Editors: Dear separated she was when

to take reading and I wish T Improvement Era ENJOY The but a child, her and this to gratitude occasion extend and to you my sincere in placed her mother of to subscribed Garlick Utah, Elder C. Oiven Ogden, who a Catholic boarding

it for me. school, she worked. while

I the Indian near Cardston, Reservation from came Blood that She learned soon

I for hospital T.B. in but months. twentyone with have been students good attended

life is this dull pretty has but Hospital magazine wonderful o'clock six the mass faith, given courage, hope. and me morning, Sunday which

I interest. issue to gladness with forward look each and Lily at did, Wiest she but ten Kunz

I all to gratitude best wishes always you and With her she with mothwas remain ater, the to the branch a recent Sunday convert Church,

Sincerely for cited perfect attendance. she in Paulo,School where was Sao Madeline Red Crow /s/ in her spoken language and was home The German

Portuguese at school. But she took classes in French, Spanish,

Latin, and German, as well as English. When she was old

enough to attend M. L A., she attended an English class there.

She later served in the Mutual, Sunday School, Relief Society, and sang in the branch choir.

Missionaries encouraged this girl, who had made her own way since she was fourteen, to emigrate. Among them were

Elder and Sister Thayle Nielsen whose home was in Idaho

Falls. She borrowed three hundred dollars from her father to

make the trip, and a former missionary, Elder Robert Pool of

Dallas, Texas, was her sponsor.

After a tiring journey she arrived in Salt Lake City Saturday evening, June 18, 1949. She thoroughly enjoyed the June conference music festival, and the sessions on Sunday. With

her knowledge of the gospel and of foreign languages, she found employment at the genealogical society of the Church.

She was married November 20, 1951, to McKay Kunz, in the

Salt Lake Temple. He had recently returned from a mission to

the Southwest Indian Mission. They now make their home at

Firth, Idaho, where Elder Kunz is teaching school.

-v*>-

Indian Reservation

Irving, New York Dear Editors:

SOME of your boys come to my son's home once a week. The

like reservation them very Indians much. on the

blind lost a chance THE LIGHT TOUCH I became young and I I was When to get an education. I was in the fourth grade when I had

to leave school work. It was a small Indian school out in "How would you tell a bad egg?"

Oklahoma. Two specialists said I would never see again. "If I had anything to tell a bad egg, I would break it

My old grandparents took me home and treated me with gently."

Indian medicine and while I was getting my sight back, I joined our old Indians in their dances and songs and I learned about true Indian life of the past.

I have met some of your boys here and I find that you are "Your son,"complained the doorman at the apartment training them the same way our old Indians trained some of house, "tips me more generously than you do."

our yovmg men of the old days. All the chiefs were always "That's quite possible,"came the quick reply. "He has a

looking for young boys who were friendly and kind. When wealthy father. I haven't."

they found some, they would have the older men teach them about the Peace Pipe, how to make friends and how to keep peace. Those were the men who were sent to other "Never do anything that you would be ashamed to have

tribes with tobacco and pipe to keep that peace and friendship. the world watch you do,"the mother lectured her small son.

Indians never had wars before whites came here. Your boys "Whoopee! No more baths for me."

are so friendly and willing. They talk to any one. That is

true Indian teaching. If young men were sent out like that

this too, the of land places, other ours world, and wouldfrom little the church set a prayer drought day. on and was The

it place. that put he betterbe a wanted when God way flood tops using of barns People came. were and houses his A here. eight the there In old people days, ClansIndian were river as the rose as boats everything washed and down

If tribe, to tribe. thein another found one he went each same stream.

sister. there or received brother asclans there a he was and

The ceremonies were the same. They did not understand each "Hey,"called a passerby, "aren't you the people who

other and yet they had one religion. That is why they had prayed for rain?"

freedom, peace, and true friendship among each other. "Yes, we are,"came the answer from another makeshift

I enjoy your Improvement Era magazine very much. This boat, "and.considering the smallness of our congregation, we

is the second copy I have received. I am sending one of my think we did mighty well."

the wellsprings ofGood Books*** inspiration for every Latterday Saint family

"fim

h.'l i I 't'i**-''* II I S;:::;fe*K:SS?*:*'I

I I I I Joseph Smith On the Way to A Voice from A Marvelous Ii

After Seeker and Work the Dust Truth Immortality II Prophet of God BINGHAM Wonder DEE AI and Eternal GENET I

JOHN A. WIDTSOE

I Life $4.00 LE GRAND RICHARDS I

treatise on the story and J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. Ai $3.50

in doctrine the $1.75 i contained

for help I This bookallI lifeA newof considerationthe Prophet onJosephthe $3.50 Bookeasily ofreadMormonand understoodin a form Anmissionaryimportantwork.

well as people as younger by written one expertly by a thorough book Iy.vJ help acadults. important An years spent has many iswho significant ishighly ofI L.D.S.Smith byChurcha leadingbooks.author of Thiscount a

of of the study Book in mission (he of his outthe truth for and search I voldesirable a and Mormonin any field. inspired considerahistori- It clarifies Anlife the come.

library. every for home ume of Restoration the tion of restorathe cal necessity for I

in latter these Gospel the of of tion Jesus the Gospel

Christ. This is a reproducdays.

tion of a series of radio talks by one who has had a life i timeice inof theexperienceChurch andof Jesusserv- I

Christ of Latterday Saints. I

I I I I i I I MORMtP i1 IJ

BRYAMTS.HWCRIEV

Doctrine and The Mormon Our Leaders Sermons and

Covenants MARCUS BACH DOYLEARRANGEDL. GREENBY Missionary

Commentary $1.00 $1.00 Services of

inspiring picture short and of reprint J. the A chapter A Ballard Melvin

leaders of four of our the the about from Mormons $5.00 President David Church the—and book My

his counselors, O. McKay, interesting Friends.""FaithAn this edition of revised very A $2.50 RichPresident Stephen L a opinion writer noted by aid in helpful useful the and

J. President ards and Reuben of the people concerning our life of story of colorful the study Doctrine and A Jr., JoClark, President and interest to every Church, Of J. his Ballard of necessary Covenants. supMelvin and theA of Fielding the seph Smith Saint. Latterday experiinspiring missionary better for underthe plement of the Twelve. The Quorum inof source great ences. of appreciation standing and A lives of their story the and to spiration to every revelations one the the given who services rendered. they Words it. will church. read

of inspiration guidance and from their addresses and quotations.

Deseret Book COMPANY 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

Dn John A. Widtsoe

siit to Dr. Widts<X''s office* reveals tiiis remarkable man's many

inrcTtsts and extensive learning... for his desk is usually piled high with

the latest books on physics and chemistry, biochemistry and nutrition,

Western anci I'tah history, and religion, with a special pile reserved for books on an} subject that just happens to interest him. When he can

infrequently find time for hobbies—he enjoys gardening and "just doodling"—but with calculus problems instead of meaningless designs! We are

proud to have Dr. Widtsoe's wisdom and insight as a director in shaping

the policies of Beneficial Life.

BENEFICIAL LIFE Insurance Company David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

OVER ONEQUARTER BILLION DOLLARS OF LIFE INSURANCE IN FORCE