tlPlil

i I

rt

K?M'":;B RN POST SALT LAKE CI al;f;:ll!l':l:lM;A-lUj|lipi;ilP:ilil|l;:||

.

It's about durationizing your GAS FURNACE.

While our boys in uniform are making it hot for the enemy..

you'll want to keep the home fires burning. Let me help you!"

HERE A R E S O M E PRACTICAL HINTS

PLEASE AVOID UNNECESSARY SERVICE CALLS—HunREPLACEMENTS—Your gas furnace is so simple in

dreds of trained utility men are in the armed forces. operation that with ordinary care, it should serve

Trucks roll on precious rubber. War for the duration. But if serious trouble

jA industries have first call. In order to develops through extreme age or break-

/wV maintain essential find emergency servage, call your dealer or plumber while f\ ice, your gas company requests: If posparts are still obtainable. In fact, you

sible, make minor adjustments yourself; may be eligible to buy a new furnace if

and for skilled service or repairs, call your heating available in your locality. Ask your dealer about

dealer or plumber. latest government regulations; also about a maintenance contract for regular service.

FLOOR FURNACES (also applies to cold air return)—

Avoid dropping or sweeping debris through grille, SAVE GAS—Avoid overheating rooms; it is more

or "register."Once each season, prefhealthful as well as economical to maintain a steady

erably now before heavy winter usage, "comfort temperature."Remember; Waste helps the

cobwebs and dust should be cleaned enemy, conservation helps America, out. Some types have removable grille

and can be cleared with a vacuum DURATION -IZE ALL YOUR APPLIANCES—A previous

cleaner attachment; others have a cleanout door message in this series discussed wartime care of

underneath or in the basement. your gas range. Watch for future advertisements

on how to prolong the life of your automatic gas

FORCED AIR FURNACES - Blower fan and motor water heater and gas refrigerator, and assure their bearings should be lubricated periodically with a efficient operation.

few drops of fine oil, and fan belt kept tight enough to prevent slipping. Ifyour

installation includes filters, they should be replaced every year or two years, de- 'Buy more, and pending on condition. These simple more U. S. Warprecautions may savdannoyance and costly repairs. GAS Bonds

THE WONDER t FUEL MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serving Twentythree Utah Communities

Sales offices in Salt Lake City, Ogden and Provo

By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

A ccording to Dr. Walter B. Cannon,

"the heat produced by a man's strenuous exercise, continued for twenty minutes, if it were not promptly given off by the body, would cause some of the albuminous substances of the body to become stiff, similar to a hardboiled egg- "pEAR and anxiety may so dry out the * mouth and throat as to cause a distressing thirst.

f- A simplified musical scale has been ** proposed by Kenneth B. Wood in

England to leave out the distinction between the treble and bass clefs and to be without special marks on a note to show sharps and flats. In the simplified notation the position of a note

on the staff corresponds to the position of the key on the piano. The staff is

composed of alternate groups of two Clip and Send Today lines, three theand black lines representing the black keys, hence for and both sharps and flats, and the white spaces between, the white keys. C Free Recipe Book

sharp, the lowermost line of the treble clef, is drawn more heavily than the rest, and the bass clef is merely a continuation downward of the treble clef.

*"Phe Morse code used in radio and </ telegraphy is to be learned most easily by ear, according to the American Radio Relay League, Instead of learning dots and dashes by seeing and writing, as the equivalents for letters, it is easier to learn by hearing the sound whistled or as it comes in on a headset.

KTagnesium, onethird lighter in weight than aluminum, can now be arcwelded by keeping oxygen away with a blanket of the inert helium gas.

With oxygen present in the arc the magnesium would burn just as it does in an incendiary bomb.

Tt is estimated that about fifty leaves on the tree are necessary to produce the food to develop an orange, forty to fifty for a goodsized apple, and thirty to forty for a peach.

"KTSThite corpuscles, living in bottles vv away from the human body, actively eat microbes and red corpuscles just as though they were defending the body. Epithelial cells, which normally

cover a surface such as forming the skin, when cultivated outside the animal to which they belong arrange themselves in a pattern just as though they oldfashioned prefer delicious Or if youwere protecting a surface. ask for Pancakes Globe "Al"Buckwheat

Buckwheat Flour—also ready prepared.

Tt has been found by Dr. Walter M.

clear Elsasser that air cools in a sky FLDIJH (Concluded page 678) on GLOBE "Al"FMCAKFl WAFFLE 113th Semiannual Conference Edition containing an account of conference proceedings and the complete text of the addresses delivered *Mmproocment Era "The Glory of God is Intelligence'

NOVEMBER, 1942 Heber J. Grant,

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Richard L. Evans,Managing Editor

Josephson, Marba C. PRIESTHOOD OFFICIAL QUORUMS, ORGAN OF THE Associate Editor ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTIMPROVEMENT MUTUAL

Morris, General Mgr. EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, OF MENT

Associate WARD GeorgeLucy G. Mgr. Q.Ginnon, TEACHERS, AND CHURCH AGENCIES OTHER OF THE

, Orton Business K. Mgr. J. SAINTS. OF JESUS CHRIST LATTERDAY OF

OLD TESTAMENT JhsL dih?i&u (paqsL

My Call to the Apostleship Heber J. Grant 685

QPiWick, 3>siduteA. 1. To whom did God promise that

Message of the First Presidency to the Church 656 His children should be in numbers as

Private Ownership under the United Order, and the the2. starsBy whomin heaven?were the Jews delivered

Guarantees of the Constitution J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 688 according to prophecy?

The Light that Shines in Darkness David O. McKay 690 3. What book of the Bible was writJoseph F. Smith, Patriarch to the Church ten without mentioning the name of

Joseph Fielding Smith 694 God?

Evidences and Reconciliations—LIX* What is the Meaning 4. What was the early Bible name

of Salvation? John A. Widtsoe 721 for prophet?

Conference Index 675 Priesthood: Melchizedek 730 5. By whom were the children of IsMusic: Forum for Church MuAaronic 733 rael carried captive into Babylon?

sicians, Alexander Schreiner..680 Ward Teaching 734 6. What did Job say at the loss of his

Church of the Air Broadcast.700 Mutual Messages: Executives.. 735 children and all his possessions?

735 Choir Tabernacle and Organ is greater than he that taketh Who 704 Broadcast MSpecialMenGleanersInterest 736 a city?7.

736 Explorers Genealogy: Record - Making,

8. birthright given was the To whom Juniors 736 714 Nellie F. D. Hanny

The Church Moves On 718 Scouts 738 when taken from Reuben?

BeeHive Girls 738 9. The birth of how many distinSpGCLoL J>jtdlViA. guishedby angels?Bible characters was announced Sam Brannan and the Mormons in Early California—Part II 10. Who said "To obey is better

Paul Bailey 692 than sacrifice, and to hearken, than the

The Land of Timelessness Milton Mangum 693 fat of rams"?

(Answers will be found on page 728) Journey to Mexico—1884 Rachel Grant Taylor 696

Exploring the Universe, FrankHoming: Words A Shining

lin S. Harris, Jr 673 Armor, Edith Brandis.722 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Old Testament Curiosities 674 Challenge to Women 722 OFFICES:

Native Culture in Mexico, Cooks'Corner, Josephine B. 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Charles E. Dibble 677 Nichols 723 Copyright 1942 by Mutual Funds. Inc., a CorTelefacts 678 Handy Hints 724 poration of the Young Men's Mutual Improve'

Association ment Church Jesus Christ of the of in Information Moslem on "The Added AbName Only, S. EdLatter-day rights Saints. All reserved. Substracted 684 Indian Trust Williams Bonds"724 of ward scription price, in year, a $2.00 advance; "Strange Language,"R. L. E...709 Index to Advertisers 758 single copy. 20c

On the Book Rack 717 Your Page and Ours 768 Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for

mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act of October, 1917,

Two Notable Anniversaries John A. Widtsoe 720 authorizedThe ImprovementJuly 2. 1918.Era is not responsible

for unsolicited manuscripts, but conwelcomes 720.....John Patriarch to the A. Church Widtsoe The

tributions. All manuscripts must accompanied be L. Richard Evans 720 in Their Youth""As Plants sufficient Grown for delivery Up postage return. by and

As One in Spirit Richard L. Evans 720 NATIONAL ADVERTISING

REPRESENTATIVES Salt Lake City: Francis M. Mayo

The General's Boots Richard Ball 716 San Francisco: Edward S. Townsend

Frontispiece: Poetry Page of Liberty..683 Land 715 Chicago: Dougan and Bolle Willes Lucretia Penny..722 Quiet Faith, Young Ducks, Eva

Wangsgaard....703 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle....766 New York: Dougan and Bolle

MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF JhsL Qovsuv CIRCULATIONS beacon of liberty to all the world, this symbol, photographed by H. Armstrong

this land, of the rights of free of the prophecies concerning reminder Roberts, is aA A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY the Constitution, of of the guarantees and inspired a sacred andmen everywhere, document of freedom. (See pages 683 and 688) MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

9ndex, to GENERAL CONFERENCE ADDRESSES

Ashton, Marvin O. 748

Bennion, Samuel O. 746

Bowen, Albert E., Immutables 712

Callis, Charles A., Rededication 711

Changes in Church Officers 751

Church of the Air Broadcast 700, 704

Clark, J. Reuben Jr., Private Ownership Under the United Order, and

the Guarantees of the Constitution 688

Clawson, Rudger, The Lord's Mercy to the Repentant 699

Evans, Richard L. 700, 704, 739

First Presidency, Message of the—1—686

Grant, Heber J., Call to the Apostleship 685

Hardy, Rufus K. 741

Ivins, Antoine R. 745

Kirkham, Oscar A. 740

Lee, Harold B., Remaining Steadfast.713

Lyman, Richard R., Liquor, Immorality, and Our Armed Forces 706 She's A Wise Mother Who Insists On Checking The

Flavor, Color And Texture Of The Foods She ServesMcKay, David O., The Light that

Shines in Darkness 690 Her Youngster!

you're TVTAYBE one of those women think all who babyMcKay, Thomas E. 741 XV foods taste alike! like We'd to have you compare Heinz

trained Foods with any other brand you choose. Look atMerrill, Joseph F., Priesthood Acthe fresh color of Heinz foodnote the smooth, fullbodied tivity 710

texture -taste that tempting, wholesome flavor! Heinz 15

Richards, George F., Our Aspirations Strained Foods have the natural goodness of finestgrade

and Covenants 703 fruits, vegetables, meats and cerealsscientifically cooked and vacuumpacked in enamellined tins. VitaminsRichards, LeGrand, The Power of

and minerals are also retained in high degree. Example 701

a Order supply of these highquality, readyRichards, Stephen L, In Holy Places....705 toserve foods. if See your baby, too, doesn't

Romney, Marion G. 744 decide they're delicious!

Smith, George Albert, True to the PROTECTIONTHESE TWO SEALSFOR MEANYOUR

Faith 702 BABY

Smith, Joseph F., Testimony 694

Smith, Joseph Fielding, To Be Called the Sons of God 704

Smith, Nicholas G. 749

Sonne, Alma 739

Tabernacle Choir and Organ BroadBABY FOODS cast 704

Taylor, John H. 746 BACKED BY A 73YEAit QUALITY TRADiTJIONf

Widtsoe, John A., Leadership 708 J5 delicious, readyto-serve Strained 12 highly nutritive Junior FoodsFoods vacuumpacked in protective unstrained and mildly seasoned—

Wirthlin, Joseph L. 743 enamellined tins; vitamins and min designed to bridge the gap between

Young, Clifford E. 747 erols are retained in high degree! Strained Foods and family meals.

Young, Levi Edgar, Sowers and Reapers 700 675

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

We Volue

our association with president Mcbcr j. $m\t

for hid

—Wise Counsel

—eudoneu Audament

—rriendluu (oo&eration\oop

Cxemptctru rJLile

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

VLativsL gidtuJUL IN MEXICO What's worse:-35 miles an hour

By CHARLES E. DIBBLE

Roosevelt Fellow, Institute of Internaor 00 miles an hour? tional Education

are accustomed to think of Mexico as a SpanishspeakingWEnation with a culture very similar to our own. We forget the extent to

which preSpanish habits, customs, ideas, and traditions persist among the native population. Racially, Mexico is

still Indian rather than Spanish or mestizo.

According to recent government figures, three million or about seventeen percent of the population still speak one of the fifty surviving Indian languages spoken in Mexico. The greatest number, six hundred seventy thousand,

speak Aztec, and two hundred seventynine thousand ninetythree still speak

Mayan.

|lS,'

is flunk one!... easy This an Don't

. worth thought prize at stake..The

is your car!

...Today's sensible top speed of 35 for

patriots is a cinch for your engine, comtime, too. And so the strong liquidtype

pared to unlubricated cold starting film of Conoco Nth oil is sliding between way down at 00 miles an hour! oilplated surfaces. Not much lookin

for wartime wear. Better change to an

People in dead earnest to battle wear oilplated engine, at Your Mileage from the very start, are having their Merchant's Conoco station. He knows

engines oilplated. Without using up your correct Winter grade of Conoco N**

extra moments or money, they simply oil. Continental Oil Company change to Conoco N motor oil—

patented. And this oil's added modern JOIN FREE

atapparent "magnetic synthetic—with

closely lubricant bonds traction"—to ElectYour yourselfMileage toMerchant'sthe once-a-weekConoco clubstation.at

inner engine parts. That's called oilChoose your own regular day to drive in and

plating because it resembles any good have him check your tires, oil, radiator and protective plating in not all "going elsebattery. His systematic expert attention

where"while the car stands cold. meansadvancetroubleprevention.on lubrication and anythingHe'll reportthat hein

Oilplating doesn't all quickly go finds you need for the duration of your car!

draining off down to the crankcase. Oil Care For Your Car... For Your Country

down there in the depths is still trying to

HUASTECA FAMILY "get a move on"as the engine starts, while oilplating is already faithfully

Illustrative of these nativespeaking fastened clear up to the topmost piston Indians are the Huasteca of southeastrings. Simply because oilplating CONOCO

ern San Luis Potosi. Their language is doesn't all go away, it's there ahead of

related to the Maya and is spoken by time, to get ahead of rampant wear in approximately fortyone thousand two starting cold. It's there the rest of the MOTOR OIL

hundred seventyone persons. Vocabulary comparisons show that their

language has not changed appreciably during the last two centuries. With the exception of the dog, burro, horse, a AMERICA'S FINEST OVERALL

few cows, and the coffee bean, their SINCE 1853 material culture is little different from before the conquest. Their basic staples

chile, (tortillas), beans, are cakes corn THERE'S A REASON—

coffee. still use the and They bow and LEVI'S

arrow to some extent in hunting deer. Others can't imitate LEVI'S!

There is an abundance of legend and tradition of the life of these people beof the Christian fore the arrival conLEVI STRAUSS. A NEW PAIR FREE querors. reports filter Occasionally

through of an inland village still harborIF THEY RU> ing an ancient idol supposed to have special power over the manifestations scratch CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS of nature.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION

SCIENCE SERVICE 7.25.2 A SUPERB HOTEL TEiEFACT

HOW CIVILIAN USE OF RUBBER CIVILIAN HAS TO BE CUT DOWN CONSUMPTION

IN *#mm 700,000 TONS

IN SAN FRANCISCO IN

Convenient to business, social, 1942 150,000 TONS shopping and theatres. Single

from $4 -Double from $6 Suites from $10 'A generally is due to a disturbance of the normal lower scale of rates for long Exploring the Universe electrical condition of the skin and not term occupancy (Concluded from page 673) in the heatregulating system, since sneezing temporarily restores the disby radiation of energy about one deturbed electrical condition of the skin gree Centigrade in polar air masses and when a person is "catching cold."

two to three degrees in equatorial air. 4

this for heat supplied must be The largest observed a comet had by rTTHE turbulence, convection, condensaand total millionth that mass less than a is tion since there of water apparently no heating of the air by radiation. tionof theof earththe earthand nobychangethe gravitationalin the moTn Papua, in the south seas, nets of pullhas ofeverthebeencometmeasured.coming nearThethecometearth

strength great are from made closest the the which has to approached HOTEL their spiders giant spin of which webs still earth four times as far was away Rieder A. Edmond tree. tree geometrical to from webs The sun. the as Manager General kite Santa Crucians octagonal an make >

from cocoanut fronds with a tail to Tf oat seedlings are soaked in water of cobweb for A through oxygen is which bubbled the P &"''isserveusedasasa bfishlure,line.trailingA massin planting, the growth day before water. a

When the garfish leaps for the lure he of the seed upon later planting is al- i gets his curved teeth entangled in the most completely stopped, compared sticky web and is thus captured. with those where air is bubbled

- through. Nitrogen gives almost the

Investigators have found small elecsame results as air.

trical differences between different > HOWwould you plan a parts of the human body, such that a "plNELY cut garbage has been found to "topographical"map could be conbe a good fertilizer.

structed showing areas of high and low potential, a pattern which is independ- "Decords of smallpox extend back as ent of the pathological condition of the ** far as 1000 B. C. in China.

skin,'nerves, and muscles and which lasts after death up to ten hours until ""P'he area of surface in the human rigor mortis. Further work has led lungs is almost five hundred square

Fritz Munk to suggest that catching cold yards.

PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION

SCIENCE SERVICE 7.24.2 1. Travel only when necesTEiEFACT

sary; plan trips in adPRODUCTION OF DEHYDRATED FOOD

vance. 2. Select less crowded sched- * GROWS RAPIDLY

days. ules; go week I

3. Get tickets early; take only

1 suitcase. 1939

union pacific

if. 1941 i STAGES

*ftix,.,:,:;:>SH-:: (EST.) Each symbol represents 5,000,000 lbs.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

TO UTAH FARMERS A

Safeway E. J. Erekson of Payson, Utah, has problems, particularly Farm Reporter

one of the most modern, streamlined in the spring when Advertisement poultry farms in the intermountain heavy laying piles up states. His setup includes 6 acres of the egg supply and

rocky bench land where his laying threatens prices.

flock produces, and a 47acre farm, "Regularly during such periods partly in orchard, where the young we've had help from Safeway and pullets are kept. Current egg producother food chains on a generous, really

tion varies from 14 cases weekly (30 important scale. They've used special

dozen eggs per case) in late summer advertising and big store posters to to 45 cases weekly during peak laying increase egg buying—featured the

in the spring. Springtime Egg Festival.

For the past 8 years Mr. Erekson "The Safewaymethod of direct sellhas served as a director of the Utah ing also appeals to me. Eggs for exPoultry Producers Cooperative Assoample—Safeway demands high qualciation and was its president in 1937. ity eggs and pays top prices for them.

"Fortunately our Association is one Then they deliver to consumers by the of the best managed farm coops in quickest, least expensive route, which the country,"Mr. Erekson told me. saves folks plenty of money."

"Even so, we have our marketing Your Safeway Farm Reporter

AT 10, 2 AND 5:30

In six large laying coops likethis,E.J.

hens—highlyErekson maintainsnervousaboutWhite3000Leghornslaying

which produce best on strict routine.

—in"We gathersummer,theateggs10 a.threem., 2timesp.m.dailyand

5:30 p. m., and in winter, at 9: 30 a. m.,

2 p. m. and 4 p. m.,"Mr. Erekson explained to me. "If I varied my routine

as little as half an hour my hens would probably go off their lay for several days. Collecting three times daily allows cooling of the eggs soon after they

are laid, and that's important for quality. My hens stay in the laying coops."

Advertising and selling support for eggs given by Safeway is a big help to his Association, reports Mr.

Erekson. Shown here is a

typical Safeway poster promoting sales to consumers

Floyd Harmer manages the Each spring the Ereksons buy about 2400 best Payson branch of the Utah grade sexed chicks as replacements for the Poultry Producers Cooperlaying flock. After 9 or 10 weeks in the broodative Association where

er house, the pullets are put in screened frames Mr. Erekson's eggs are

and allowed to range an apple orchard graded, packed and shipped

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

WtuAk, MUSICIANS Let us FORUM FOR CHURCH

Btf Alexander Schveinet Tabernacle Organist and Member

Church Music Committee

'"Hhe general music committee of the

Church is eager to establish a more WINTERIZE intimate connection with the music workers throughout the Church. It

desires to hear from choir leaders, organists, and others interested in church Your Car music, concerning their work, their sucof their discussion that a It is believed it in safe condition,—to keep cesses, their problems, and difficulties.

in to their on this page answer work now more important than everl ters will be of general interest and benelet- fit. It is hoped that many ward musiThe government wants motorists to continue using their cians will participate by writing to the

cars for essential transportation. General Music Committee, 200 North

Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

No matter how much or how little you drive this winter, The committee should like to reyou want to protect your car against the rigors of cold ceive letters concerning any and all phases of music work. Perhaps a cerweather. tain problem has been solved. Tell us

it. If thing is being some one So drive in and let us give it that protection. about

it superior perhaps a way, done in

Our 14point Winterizing service takes care of every vital should be adopted generally. Let us

letters will be disit. Such

all readers page, part—from radiator to differential. The cost is small. It knowcussedabouton this and

will safeguard one of your most valuable possessions. Don't will benefit by the experience predelay. Have this important service performed now, before sented. Any unusual service rendered

real cold weather sets in. toor thetheirChurchmembersby shouldmusic organizationsbe reported.

Perhaps a choir has a growing nest egg which at some future time is to be used for the purchase of a new reed organ, or piano, or other musical instrument, (Djuvsl ift at ihhu or for an addition to the chapel in the form of a choir room where the choir

ShpLJ$. S&JW1XJL can rehearse during cold winter months.

Photographs will be welcome, esCAR CONSERVATION peciallya list of ofnamessuccessfulof thosewardinchoirs.the photoGive

HEADQUARTERS graph, together with names of officers,

IH PEtfY ward and stake, and the date of the photograph. These may be old or new.

Utah Oil Refining Company Stations and Dealers in Its Products The older or the newer, the better. Such

photographs would be a pleasing feaEverywhere in Utah and Idaho ture on this page every month.

CARE FOR YOUR CAR—FOR YOUR COUNTRY problems?Now whatFirst,are somekeepingchurchthe musicchoir

m membersing them withhappynewandandactiveinterestingand providmusic which they will like to sing. Second,

5i playing and directing congregational singing in the most effective way, so that it may be a prayer rather than t through. Third, to be hurried

i SALT LAKE something NORTH the postlude, playing the prelude and FOR EVERYDAY CASH MARKET i>'YOUR f and obtaining a devotional spirit in the t congregation during the prelude.

t -* rule that all to the Fourth, adhering CATTLE, t SHEEP HOGS t for services be the Sabbath day operate on music Firms Commission The following bonded t t our market and are ready to serve you at all times. sacred, and requesting that visiting

\ t singers and instrumentalists be pre- t PRODUCERS'LIVESTOCK MARKET ASS'N. pared to offer sacred selections. Fifth,

UTAH LIVESTOCK COMMISSION CO. keepingWrite to instrumentsthe music committeein good repair.if you

SALT LAKE UNION STOCK YARDS haveproblemssuggestionsor if you needfor solvinghelp concernthese

SALT NORTH ing them.

m * m o * ft>**ft*itm (Concluded on page 729) ggggg LAKE, UTAHi m vvg5SSS5555ggS5

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

America will always Need the Eeet Sugar Industry

over a half century the beet sugar industry has been providing InterFOR mountain states with the finest sugar obtainable. During this time the

sugar beet harvest from tens of thousands of fertile acres has been turned into sparkling white sugar. More than a half million dollars revenue from this "white

gold"has poured into the pockets of our Intermountain farmers, factory workers, railroad employees, livestock growers, merchants, and taxpayers during the last fifty years. Taxes and revenue from the beet sugar industry have helped create

whole new communities, have helped build schools and highways, and have benefitted every man, woman, and child in the states in which factories are operating.

Domestic Eeet Sugar to Serve 36 States

today the domestic beet sugar industry is assuming an even greater imBUT portance. Before Pearl Harbor, sugar beets supplied less than onefourth

of the nation's sugar. Now the beet sugar industry of the West along with the

Westcoast cane refineries has been drafted to supply all the sugar for 30 states, plus sizeable portions of six others. This is a great responsibility, but one that

Intermountain farmers and factory workers, with the help of our local communities, will meet as one more contribution toward winning the war. Western beet

growers and processors will do everything in their power to keep the nation supplied with an adequate amount of sugar to meet both military and civilian needs.

- -.Energy for tiomeFront and Battle Front

Sugar is your cheapest and best quickenergy food. Intermountain West. Don't waste this sugar, but

It's a food we all need to give us the quick energy use whatever you are allowed under the rationing that will help win the war both on the battlefront and plan. U and I allpurpose sugar is the very best you

on the homeproduction front. can get for cooking, canning, and all sweetening.

There's no finer sugar made anywhere than U and I Ask for it at your grocers when you get your next

Sugar... grown and processed right here in the ration.

UTAHIDAHO SUGAR CO.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

jftnmtm* "Zfz6&+]tc

We know they would approve

Around the northern end of Great Salt Lake that the Golden Spike was driven to complete in Utah are 120 miles of railroad track. This America's first transcontinental railroad, a

track has been but infrequently used, and pioneer national defense project. Now the

then for local purposes, since the Lucin CauseGovernment is taking up the track in order way across Great Salt Lake was completed in to use the rail for essential defense facilities.

1904. Yet every mile of it is a thrilling chapter Thus about 13,000 gross tons of rail will be

in the saga of the West. It was here that Cenmade available for national wartime use...

tral Pacific* workmen, racing with the Union and yet it is like tearing a deathless page from

Pacific, laid ten miles of track the history of the West. But

in less than twelve hours -a PROMONTORY if the pioneers who suffered record that has never been CORINNE untold hardships to build this equalled. And it was here at line were here today, we know

Promontory, on May 10, 1869, they would heartily approve.

*Now Southern Pacific UTAH

The War Bonds An $18.75 War Bond

you buy now will be will buy 145 rounds of a nice nestegg S*P 50 caliber for the future. The Friendly Southern Pacific ammunition.

Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts

is not right that any man should be in bondage...1It

one to another. And for this purpose have I established

the Constitution of this land, by the hands of wise men whom I raised up unto this very purpose....

(Doctrine and Covenants 101:79, 80)

mercy, O Lord, upon all the nations of the MLave earth; have mercy upon the rulers of our land; may those

principles, which were so honorably and nobly defended, namely, the Constitution of our land, by our fathers, be established forever. (Doctrine and Covenants 109:54)

behold, this is a land which is choice above IOR all other lands; wherefore he that doth possess it shall

serve God or shall be swept off; for it is the everlasting

decree of God. (Book of Mormon, Ether 2:10)

OdckxL 9njfamcrfhtL

"THE ABSTRACTED INDIAN TRUST BONDS // 'See that woman?—I'd

letter following from Howswear she buys a different Theard S. Bennion, president of

laundry soap every week."the New York Stake, and also

a major in the reserve of the United

States army, throws additional light on the situation that prevailed in high government circles during the period immediately preceding the

Civil War:

New York City.

"Dear Brother Widtsoe:

"The articles entitled 'The Abstracted Indian Bonds,'by M. H. Cannon, appearing in the July and August

issues of The Improvement Era, call to my mind teachings of the Professor of [Civil and] Military Engineering at

West Point some thirty years ago which cast light on the expedition of

Johnston's Army to Utah in 1857. [This

colonel was Gustave Joseph Fiebeger, that assumed position who at West 'Know how she buys?—She comes in and asks me, Point in 1896.1 In the years immediate-

'Which one's having a sale today?'So I tell her and out ly preceding the outbreak of the Civil

the Secretary of War, Jefferwas War she goes, pleased as Punch, with a bagful of son Davis, followed B. Floyd. by John

bargains.... And next week she's back again "In outlining the events preceding

the outbreak of great the—buying somebody else's soap."professor said that the Warstruggle,Departthe

ment, with the aid of elements in Congress, quietly but vigorously shifted army leaders and troops and accumulated armaments and stores of ammunition in Southern garrisons and arsenals.

For fear this proceeding would be7afoi..4fcd0q&? come obvious, he said the organization

and dispatch of a sizable military expedition against the Mormons was seized upon as a diversion, a distrac- "Some day she'll try FelsNaptha Soap tion, to cover the war preparation.

"The financial manipulations of Secand shell be done with all that. thanretary ordinaryFloyd hadgraftmuchand morepeculation.point

His department of government was

Instead of saving pennies here, PS'Nftrll being used to help finance and set the stage for a great rebellion. Stories

she'll save dollars at home against the Mormons came at an opportune time for this. The Utah exyou wait ana see > pedition was incidental.

"Sincerely your brother,

H. S. Bennion."

TThj. falL to JthL

&pDAilsi&hjLfL

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

Address presented at the second session of the \\3th Semiannual General Conference, in the

Tabernacle, Saturday, October 3, 1942

am grateful beyond my power of expression for the faith and prayers of the people and for the

I blessings of the Lord in my behalf. For two

and onehalf years I have been gaining a little since I became ill, I have been home since that illness overtook me a little longer than two years, and when people have asked me how I am, I have said, "Better than I was yesterday,"and this is really true—I have been gaining a little all the time.

To begin with I could not move my left leg or my left arm. The doctors said it was not a paralytic

stroke, but it must have been at least a second cousin to it. I could walk upstairs only one step at

a time and drag my left leg up. Now, I can walk

up and down stairs. I can walk across the floor

without scraping my foot on the carpet; I can throw

my left leg over my right one with perfect ease, and back again; my improvement is very remarkable

considering the condition I was in, and I attribute it to the prayers of the Saints in my behalf. I am

grateful to them beyond expression, and I am grateful to the doctors who have so very kindly taken toportrait of President Heber J. Grant care of me in California and here at home. I am

truly appreciative of the interest they have taken

EIGHTYSIX YEARS IN LIFE in my behalf. I feel almost normal.

tell to in detail very I have decided one or two SIXTY YEARS AN APOSTLE things in that remarkable have happened my

TWENTYFOUR YEARS AS PRESIDENT I was made one of the apostles in October, 1 882.life.

November 22, 1942, marks the eightysixth anniOn the 6th of October, 1882, I met Brother George versary of the birth of President Heber J. Grant. Teasdale at the south gate of the temple. His face

the \6, 1942, marks October sixtieth anniversary of lit up, and he said: "Brother Grant, you and I"service Grant's asPresident an apostle. November 23, 1942, marks the twentyfourth annivery enthusiastically—and then he commenced

versary of President Grant's administration as President coughing and choking, and went on into meeting of the Church. and did not finish his sentence. It came to me as

lifetime this President has notable Grant In shown plainly as said the though he had words; "Are gowill leadership cause ofqualities character of which

to> this afternoon fill the vacancies chosen to be all ing to of the great be rememberedhim names among in of the Apostles."the Twelve Quorum generation which have blessed his own

fearless generations I to come. Histime—qualitiesand will yet bless to the meeting went head swelled, and and my

his to counsel, generosity, his willingnessfrankness, his I to myself, to thought "Well, going be one of I am spirit, family, evil, his his forgiving of hatredworthy to for apostles,"the myself, vote and I was willing the humility before of things are aand his few God of the innumerable things that have endeared him to but the conference adjourned without anyone behonorable men everywhere and that have made his life ing chosen.

for. of evidence he has preacheda living what and stood I later saying, received days a telegram Ten "You

his address, conference In read by President McKay I fail."in Salt without be tomorrow must Lake session,at afternoon the President Saturday Grant

tells the story of his call to the apostleship, which adwas then president of Tooele Stake. The telegram

dress appears in full, beginning on this page.—R. L. E. came from my partner, Nephi W. Clayton. When

(Continued on page 754)

JhsL jofciha. MESSAGE

FIRST PRESIDENCY JbthL CHURCH

Saturday, Semiannual the \\3th October Conference, of clime love send our and weTo the Saints in every land and Read by President ]. Reuben Clark, Jr., at the first session

City. 3, in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake 1942, greetings Temple Square, say unto you: and

May the Peace of Christ which passeth human understanding enter your souls and be and abide with you always. During the coming

winter, may the Lord in His wisdom, give food to the hungry, raiment to the unclothed, heat and shelYJ\Te bear witness that this is the one true ter to those who are cold; may His Church of the Christ, and that except

Spirit bring comfort to the broken through it and the following of the teachings hearts, bind up the aching wounds, and commandments it proclaims, men may not heal those who are sick, preserve reach the highest exaltation in the eternities from plague and pestilence those TO COME.

who are victims of this worldwide holocaust. 'T'HE DOCTRINE OF THIS CHURCH IS THAT SEXUAL SIN

Our Testimonies—THE ILLICIT SEXUAL RELATIONS OF MEN AND

IN ITS ENORMITY, NEXT TO MURDER.\X7e again bear you our testimony: WOMEN—STANDS,

that God lives and that He loves those who keep His commandments and walk in His ways;

that Christ, His Only Begotten, who seeks His protection; that He Drink has brought more woe and

came to earth and lived His mission listens and hearkens to those who, misery, broken more hearts, wrecked through, that He was crucified, died, having pure hearts and contrite more homes, committed more the Lamb of God sacrificed for the spirits, come to Him with prayers of crimes, filled more coffins, than all sins of the world, and after three unshaking faith. He stands today the wars the world has suffered.

days came forth from the tomb, a reready as always to gather us in, Therefore, we thank the faithful surrected being, thereby making the "even as a hen gathereth her chickSaints for their observance of the

Atonement which brings the blessens under her wings,"would we but Word of Wisdom, for their putting ing of a resurrection to all God's yield our lives in righteous service aside of drink. The Lord is pleased

children; that Joseph Smith was a to Him. with you. You have been a bulwark

prophet of God, raised up to usher of strength to this people and to the in this the last dispensation of the Drink and the Word of Wisdom world. Your influence has been for

about to bringfulness of times, and of fulness restoration thethe of the HPhe world is smitten, nigh unto righteousness.forget your goodTheworksLordwhenwill younot

everlasting gospel and the Holy death, with great and grievous stand before Him in judgment. He

Priesthood of God, lost to earth tribulations, following the commishas blessed and will continue to through the wickedness of men. sion of cardinal sins. bless you with the blessings He

We bear witness that this is the Over the earth, and it seems parpromised to those who obey this one true Church of the Christ, and ticularly in America, the demon divine law of health. We invoke

that except through it and the foldrink is in control. Drunken with the mercies of the Lord upon you

lowing of the teachings and comstrong drink, men have lost their that you may continue strong in mandments it proclaims, men may reason; their counsel has been desspirit, to cast off temptation and

not reach the highest exaltation in troyed; their judgment and vision continue teachers to the youth of

the eternities to come. are fled; they reel forward to deZion by word and deed.

We say unto you that in the darkstruction. But so great is the curse of drink

est hours of these days of dread, Drink brings cruelty into the that we should not be held guiltless tumult, and woe, the Lord is near to home; it walks arm in arm with did we not call upon all offending

us, that He mourns over the iniquipoverty; its companions are disease Saints to forsake it and banish it

ties and the sorrows of His children, and plague; it puts chastity to flight; from their lives forever.

that He would lead us into paths of it knows neither honesty nor fair God has spoken against drink in peace if we would but follow Him; dealing; it is a total stranger to our day, and has given to this, the

that He holds in His loving hands, truth; it drowns conscience; it is the Lord's own Church, a specific revenurtured by His boundless mercy, bodyguard of evil; it curses all who lation concerning it, as a word of

every one who lives righteously, and touch it. wisdom by revelation

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

That as inasmuch drinketh any man wine of health law trifling given us it this Himlive with so to by God and law or strong drink it is you, among behold not self. that its claim promises. may we good, neither in sight the meet Faof your parents, laden the with you Upon repeat directions here the here-... We ther

And, again, strong drinks are not for the tofore given by President Grant: We divinely imposed responsibility of guidbelly, but for the washing of your bodies. ask that every General Authority, ing pure, eternal spirits through the

(D. & C. 89:5, 7) every stake and ward officer, every ofearly years of their earth existence, we

ficer of Priesthood quorums, every auxurge a faithful performance of your

This declares the divine wisdom. It iliary officer in ward, stake, or general sacred duty, to teach this law of health

is God's law of health, and is binding board, every president of mission, to your children both by precept and upon each and every one of us. We every regular or stake missionary, in example. Of a surety the Lord will not

cannot escape its operation, for it is short, every officer in every Church orhold us guiltless if we fail one whit in based upon eternal truth. Men may ganization, strictly to keep the Word guarding, protecting, and guiding these

agree or disagree about this word of of Wisdom from this moment forward. innocent and precious souls on their

the Lord; if they agree, it adds nothIf any feels too weak to do this, we way to exaltation.

ing; if they disagree, it means nothing. must ask him to step aside for some Parents, these are not the times for

Beyond His word we cannot reach, one who is willing and able so to do, weak attempts and half measures, but and it is enough for every Latterday for there are thousands of Latterday for the full strength of righteous, praySaint, willing and trying to follow Saints who are willing to obey the comerful, Godfearing effort to walk ourdivine guidance. mandments and who are able to carry selves, and to lead our children, along

the paths of sobriety chastity. and the of the on Lord. work half than For more Presi- a century great are the blessings promHow all officers ask presiding Churchdent has Grant on every appropriate We ised to those observe the law: who official their immediately to set housesoccasion admonished Saints the touchall saints And to remember keep in and who order. theiring obligation to the keep Word

these do sayings, in walking to obedienceof told has Wisdom. them what He fully will not otherwise Lord The the shall in receive commandments, healthit in means health, matters to them of in us in prosper service cause, our His their navel to their and marrow bones;quoting the the of words thereLord shall wherefore stand before accused we find shall great treasures And and wisdom

on. pointed has out that treasures He ithe that in lead of not knowledge, walked Him treasures; we hidden even

of knowledge, even hidden knowledge, of His flock in the full stature of And shall run and not be weary, and shall would come to those who lived the law. worthy, righteous example. Furtherwalk and not faint.

He has, over and over again, shown more, we make a like call upon all And I, the Lord, give unto them a promise, what it would mean financially to these officers to keep also the law of that the destroying angel shall pass by them, the as children of Israel, and not slay them.every member would keep the who tithing, live to the of strictest law

(D. 89:1821) &C.law, what financially it would to mean chastity, to and observe and do the

our people, and what it would mean commandments of the Lord. When, as the Lord Himself has definancially to nation. a told has He clared, plague, pestilence, famine, and in these dire That days, may, we itus in what would ending mean hushall death out poured be the naupon his in place, each the enjoy abunown misery, woes, disease,man sorrow, tions for their wickedness, and when physical blessings dant of the righteouscrime, death. his and But admonitions shall these break over our heads and life, call all true upon Latterday we nothave all resting found a in place our loved ones smitten to are nigh Saints, office, or out of to this keep hearts.our death, hearts are the torn when and of law to give up inhealth,—completely grief anguish of almost overwhelms the First drink, quit to using the Presidency of We, tobacco, all which

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday too often leads to drink, to abandon hot (Continued on page 757)

Saints, solemnly all renew now these drinks use and the drugs, of harmful FIRST THE PRESIDENCYcounsels, repeat all these we admonito and otherwise observe the Word of President Heber J. Grant,

Clark, Jr., first counselor, left; David 0. McKay,tions, we reinvoke obedience to God's Wisdom. We urge the Saints to quit second Center; J. Reuben counselor, right.

PRIVATE OWNERSHIP

By J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

of the First Presidency

B ASICVATETO OWNERSHIPTHE UNITED OFORDERPROPERTY.WAS THE. PRI-..

Perhaps... when the welfare plan

gets thoroughly into operation,..

we shall not be so very far from carrying out the great fundamentals of the united order.

|F THE WELFARE PLAN IS FULLY OPERATIVE,

PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. WE SHALL BE ABLE TO CARE FOR EVERY

DESTITUTE LATTERDAY SAINT WHEREVER

HE MAY BE.

Delivered at the Saturday Evening

Session of the \\3th Semiannual General Conference, October 3, 1942, in... To me the Constitution is part of

the Tabernacle. MY RELIGION.

BRETHREN: I have been trying for a week to relieve you of this experi- ), certain I a Order, I not do know of them ence, but Brother so kind, McKay, 1 amount of personal propit, if erty. I said something about sweet, so been thought has so merciful, and

perfectly adamant. So I stand beit might be helpful. I recommend This instrument is not in accordfore you here, not to preach, but to that you, my brethren, read a few of ance with the principle laid down in

counsel with you. the Sections of the Doctrine and the revelations touching upon the

matter, cover this Covenants which United Order.

51. There is a great deal of misapprebeginning Sections with 42 and The basichension principle of all the reveour people regarding among also 70, 78, 82, 83, 85, lations Sections (See that on the United Order isthe United Order.

) will 96, 92, go everything 90, If you to the and 1 04. have belongs we

I have not been able to believe over these sections, I feel sure that Lord; therefore, the Lord may call

that the United Order meant what you will find that my explanation of upon us for any and all of the propsome people have thought it meant, the United Order will be substantierty which we have, because it beso within the last months I have spent ally accurate. longs to Him. This, I repeat, is the

quite a little time reading the revelabasic principle. (D. &. C. 104:1417,

tions thereon, also reading our hisEarly Deviations 5457) tory, and at the same time giving I may say to begin with, that in One of the places in which some some consideration to a dissertation practice the brethren in Missouri got of the brethren are going astray is which has been written regarding the away, in their attempts to set up the this: There is continuous reference

Order. United Order, from the principles in the revelations to equality among

There is a growing—I fear it is set out in the revelations. This is the brethren, but I think you willgrowing—sentiment that communalso true of the organizations set up find only one place where that equalism and the United Order are virtuhere in Utah after the Saints came to ity is really described, though it is

ally the same thing, communism bethe Valleys. So far as I have seen referred to in other revelations. That

ing merely the forerunner, so to there has been preserved only one revelation (D. & C. 51:3) affirms

speak, of a reestablishment of the document that purports to be a legal that every man is to be "equal acUnited Order. I am informed that instrument used in connection with cording to his family, according to his

exbishops, and indeed, bishops, who the setting up of the United Order, circumstances and his wants and belong to communistic organizations, and that document is without date. needs."(See also D. & C. 82:17;

are preaching this doctrine. So I It is said to have been found among 78:5-6.) Obviously, this is not a

thought that perhaps if I said just the papers of Bishop Partridge. It case of "dead level"equality. It is

a few words to you tonight regardwas a "leaselend"document. You "equality"that will vary as much as

ing the way I interpret the revelamay have heard that phrase before. the man's circumstances, his family,

tions that are printed about this in Under this instrument the Church his wants and needs, may vary.

the Doctrine and Covenants (if leased to Titus Billings a certain ] Sraith, Joseph, History of the Church, Vol. I, pp.

there are other revelations about the amount of real estate and loaned him 365367.

>. JthsL QAnihul G/td&L und&L

AND THE GUARANTEES OF THE CONSTITUTION

that communism makes out of the in- "JJicAsl idu a, qtowdL jdoaL o jmhjapptehjmAAML dividual, with the State standing at the head in place of the Church.

Now, that part of a man's property which was not turned back to ihjL UniisuL OjidsJc'him, if he had more than was needed under this rule of "equality"already stated, became the common property of the Church, and that common

Consecration self and his family "according to his property was used for the support of

In the next place, under the United family, according to his circumthe poor of the Church. It is spoken

Order every man was called to constances and his wants and needs."of in the revelations as the "residue"

secrate to the Church all of the propThis the man held as his own propof property. (D. & C. 42:3436)

erty which he had; the real estate was erty. (D. & C. 42:32; 51:4-6; 83:3) Land Portions

to be conveyed to the Church, as I In other words, basic to the United Furthermore, it was intended, the private revelations, the ownership understand what Order was by it did of though apparently not work simple. property, every a deed in fee would call his own man had we well, that the out very poor coming

Thus the man's property became abproperty from which he might seinto Zion, and by Zion I mean, here, for the that of necessary solutely cure property the the Church. which was into poor coming Zion Missouri—the his family. the of himself support 42:30; and 72:15) Then (D.6C. to to given have a "porwere them

is in revelations to the nothing the bishop deeded back donor There by tion"land, of land to which be was is, this fee indicate that in that properof deed, kind the that would same either purchased the from Governat freely alienable to the simple, not him ty was and also transferred planned (and it ment to purwas far will instrument, of the conowner. so It was not an equivalent by large chase areas from the Governas personal property was concerned, templated that the Church should ment), or purchased from individuthat amount of real and personal own everything or that we should beals, or received as consecrations

in reference with the the Church, which, taken property, two being come of the Church. from members The otherwise, the together, property to our and would be required by "portion"of this be the amount was to

individual for the support of himsame kind of automaton, manikin, such as would make him equal to others according to his circumstances, his family, his wants and needs.

The land which you received from... The Constitution of the United the bishop by deed, whether it was

States is the basic law for all of the part of the land which you, yourself,

Americas, or Zion, as it has been dehad deeded to the Church, or whethfined by the Lord. er it came as an outright gift from

the Church as just indicated, and the personal property which you received, all together were sometimes guarangreat have the must... We called a 51 ) "portion":4-6 ( D. & C. SET CONSTITUtees ARE BY OUR THAT UP a "stewardship"sometimes C. (D. &

is in TION. which other way no There "in104:1112), sometimes and an

WE CAN SECURE THESE GUARANTEES. heritance."(D. &C. 83:3)

As just indicated, there were othvou may look at the systems all over ardshipser kinds thanof inheritancesland or mereandpersonalstewthe world where the principles of property; for example, the Prophet

our Constitution are not controlling and others had a stewardship given and in force, and you will find there to them which consisted of the revedictatorship, tyranny, oppression, and, lations and commandments ( D. & C.

in the last analysis, slavery. 70: 1 -4 ); others had given to them a

stewardship involving the printing house (D.8C. 104:2930); another

fZoD GIVE US WISDOM AND ENABLE US IN stewardshiplishment. (D.SC.was a mercantile104:3942)estabTHESE TIMES OF TROUBLE AND STRIFE

CLEARLY TO SEE OUR WAY, THAT WE MAY Surplus

BE INSTRUMENTAL IN SUSTAINING THE CON- I repeat that whatever a steward

STITUTION, IN UPHOLDING OUR FREE INSTIrealized from the portion allotted to

TUTIONS, OUR CIVIL RIGHTS, OUR FREEDOM him over and above that which was

OF SPEECH, OF PRESS, OF RELIGION, AND OF necessary in order to keep his family

CONSCIENCE. under the standard provided, as al-

(Continued on page 752)

J**- Light that Shines in

Address delivered oyer KSL and the ourselves before the offended power, to conColumbia Church of the Air, from the fess our national sins, and to pray for clemSalt Lake Tabernacle, Sunday, October By ency and forgiveness.

I confidence the that Almighty, still have the 4, 1942, during will, the Universe, of the the through Maker General Conference. \\3th Semiannual DAVID O. McKAY intelligent of instrumentality this great and

people, bring as through this us he has of the First Presidency difficulties of our all other country. through alk while ye have the light,

lest darkness come upon In the Doctrine and Covenants the that for he you walketh"Wi says: in Lorddarkness not knoweth: whither he

goeth."If you keep not my commandments, the

That solicitous admonition given loveyou, oftherefore,the Fatheryou shallshall notwalkcontinuein darkness.with

by the Savior of men is as pertinent today as when it was first expressed. The Antithesis of Christ's

Men and nations having refused to Teachings walk in the Light now as Jesus said No one can doubt that the seeds stumble in darkness and know not of this war found nourishment in soil whither they go. Motivated for cenof hatred and dishonor, which are

turies largely by selfish interests, the the antithesis of Christ's teachings.

human race, judging from present The Conversations of Munich, for world conditions, is still dangerously example, were followed by violanear the jungle where primitive pastions of agreement and broken promsions dominate and govern. ises; the invasion of Poland was

There is a mythical Greek tale prompted by covetousness and carthat Charon was permitted once upried out by the fiendish power of on a time to visit the earth to see conquest; the attack of Pearl Harbor

what men were doing. From a lofty was conceived in treachery and deeminence he looked over the cities, ceit; Czechoslovakia, Greece, and

palaces, and other works of men. As other nations, too weak to withstand

he turned to resume his assigned the onslaught, have been cruelly task, he exclaimed: "These human crushed by the forces of one who

beings are spending their time in had defiantly rejected Jesus of Nazbuilding just birds'nests. No wonareth and His teachings. So the list

der they fail and are ashamed."can be lengthened, showing how

in far extoo great today an Men Right of have been vioPRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY principles theirtent time are not only spending has plundered Hate lated, and how

with things which have no permaand destroyed.

nent value, but ruthlessly destroying death. Truly it seems that "Darkmuch that they have built throughness covers the earth, and gross Men Groping Blindly, Aimlessly

out the centuries. War is making darkness the people."The serious effect of all this is far

the earth a shambles. Churches, palreaching. Men's confidence is shakaces, cottages, hospitals in many Men Have Forgotten God en in political forms of government.

if lie in ruins asparts globe of the to uncertainty begin quesIn they this holocaust? worldwide Why earthquake. a terribleshaken As by wellsecurity the tion of promised this of death? orgy Bemad Why to this destructionaccompaniment principles. tried fundamental and is acting cause to contrary man

there is a pall of night which seems eternal principles of Right! They see the discoveries and invenim- nations asto an be enveloping a as prostituted science tions of In quite as applicable words today that darknesspenetrable destruction. of Old fog—a means human as declared them, the he imwhen for, thatsprings Hate; from "He toppling, and ideals are and Lincoln mortal gives the as beliefs answer is in his darkness, brotherhateth and seizes a floating as a drowning man follows in darkness, knowethwalketh and grasp substance, and men women

not whither he goeth, because that We have been the recipients of the choicat any new idea or theory that is est bounties of Heaven. have been his eyes."blindeddarkness hath We this sea of conas a bait in thrown

these in years, peace and many this while hour very During we preserved fusion. prosperity. in have numbers, grown We of thereverently Heavworship God the of has world The upsetting as other wealth, nation and has power no

en, millions of men lie wounded, ever grown; but we have forgotten God, forced us into war, and we should

bleeding, maimed, many disabled for We have forgotten the gracious hand which be recreant not to go forward. To

in peace, multiplied preserved us and andlife fellow men. of their the hands by are soldier boys our wherever you

us; enriched strengthened and have and we in death, sleep millions many asOther bless you say and guide God in the deceitfulness of vainly imagined, our we

in unknown graves, some in no hearts, that all these blessings were proyou defend the divinelygiven pringraves, their bodies trampled by savduced by some superior wisdom and virtue ciples of freedom. May the Light

age feet stumbling forward toward of our own. Intoxicated with unbroken sucof Truth and the power to resist

evil be your constant companions.a coveted and selfish goal. Not only cess,feel thewenecessityhave becomeof redeemingtoo selfsufficientand preservtomen but women—mothers lying lifeing grace, too proud to pray to God that We all realize with you that you

less clasping their babes even in made us. It behooves us, then, to humble are enlisted in a war against

When one looks out upon the human race, the way it has come and the way it must go, and sees that tiny gate so obscure that one must search to find it, and so lowly thatDarkness one must stoop to enter it, and yet the only way to life, die only escape from ruin of mankind, one is sobered.... And yet civilization will be transitory until men in large there hearts is a degenerally in men's that wickedness, and peace cannot numbers go this way of love. fellow fairly their men. sire to treat gangsters having come until the mad

in their hands scienceproduced exThe One and Safe Guide For two thousand years and even plosives, mechanized equipment, and more, nations have ignored, and, in all there seeking, however, such Tn giant defeated tanks, are branded and instances, repudiated fundamenis many estabto the indispensable idea one their false re- A as murderers, aims and tal principles in soof the gospel. Even

pudiated, let us hope forever. Yes, the lishment of a permanent peace which called Christian lands men have spurned

conflict must continue though its aims too many men and some nations have the teachings as being impractical. The

and purposes to many seem terribly obliterated from their minds entirely, result is that the earth has literally complicated, and the establishment of but which now should be reburnished been drenched with blood.

noonunclouded as it shines the herculean as the until as just peace, task a a it I call itself. idea, having an of the terminating day sun. war in carnage,I haveevenreferredto thinkto theof whichpresentdaymakes

everyone gloomy and sick at heart, to emphasize, if possible, the need of a f\f the ultimate victory for freedom we drastic change in men's dealings with must not doubt; nor harbor either timeone another.in the historyNeverof thehas worldthere whenbeen aa

discouragement or despair. change for the better was so imperative. Now, if ever, as the scripture

promises, "a nation should be born in gospel Tf melting pot"the is "the America nation of men and women day"—a

is in of the crucible Jesus Christ athearts which awith changed and changed hate, envy, and greed are consumed, and titudes.

good will, kindness, and love remain as inSince rejection of Christ's teachings

NER ASPIRATIONS by which man truly lives has resulted in disaster and useless

AND BUILDS.

The constitution of this government was written by men who accepted jesus

Christ as the savior of mankind.

(HRIST IS THE WAY, THE TRUTH, THE LIFE, THE

The Need of a Guiding Light ONLY SAFE GUIDE TO THAT HAVEN OF PEACE /""\f the ultimate victory for FreeFOR WHICH MEN AND WOMEN THE WIDE WORLD -'dom, we must not doubt; nor harOVER ARE EARNESTLY PRAYING.

bor either discouragement or despair.

As after every night, even in the darkness, rises the morning star, so now in the midst of the blackness of intermind the fact that "there is more dynabloodshed, with only intermittent national hatred and bloody conflict, mite in an idea than in many bombs."periods of respite and progress, why

men may behold a Light heralding a It is as old as the Lord's first message in the name of reason should people new day, if they will but look through to man, and some of you listening in not be willing to substitute for selfish the eyes of Reason and Common Sense. will call it trite—men in the past have aggrandizement Christ's principle of

Statesmen, men of science, thinking entertained it for a time, have dallied brotherly consideration? As a first

men in all nations, laymen everywhere with it, then without attempting to step, for example, make truly applisense the need of something definite to make it a reality have permitted it to cable the simple injunction of putting which to look forward, some clear beadrop below the plane of consciousness, one's self in the other fellow's place, con that will guide the stranded nations and even to sink into the abyss of unthe surest of all means of eliminating to a safe harbor of permanent peace. As belief. This idea so frequently menthe bitterness that characterizes mispractical steps toward that goal they tioned but so seldom practiced, conunderstandings.

civilization if lost, things which, to notes out just punishment say: mete (1)

itself is lost. right to Applicability of Christ's Teachings the It connotes villains murderers; and (2) make restoration of sovereign rights to those live, to be treated decently, to be kind- "fo thinking person can say truthfully

who have been deprived of them by ly spoken to, to enjoy home, to love, that the application of this one force; (3) secure equal enjoyment by and to be loved. It connotes strength simple act if practiced among individall nations of world trade and materials to defend the Right—sympathy for uals and nations would not bring about

needed for prosperity; (4) establish those who, striving, have failed. It a better world!

improved labor standards, economic connotes justice and mercy. It turns Equally effective and applicable are

advancement, and social security for the eye and the heart from beastly pasHis teachings regarding the value and all; (5) declare a peace assuring safety sions to noble aspirations. sacredness of human life, the virtue of

and tranquility the world over; (6) It is Christ's plan of love and servforgiveness, the necessity of fair dealgrant freedom of the seas to all; (7) ice—summarized in the two great coming, His condemnation of the sin of

exact promise of abandonment by all mandments: "Thou shalt love the Lord hypocrisy, and of covetousness, His

nations of the use of force, and of disthy God with all thy heart, and with teachings regarding the saving power armament of aggressive nations pendall thy soul, and with all thy mind, and of love, and of the immortality of the ingty—thesethe establishmentand other expressedof generalaimssecuriare thyI neighbourfully realizeas thyself."with Professor Wiesoul.means Hisof settlingdoctrinedifficultiesof arbitrationand quaras a

worthy ideals and point to the fact that man that (Concluded on page 750)

SawL (B/vanncuL AND THE MORMONS IN EARLY CALIFORNIA PART II 7Tt the age of twentyseven, L\ Samuel Brannan was a dash-J. A. ingly handsome figure. His By PAUL BAILEY

dress was impeccably dandified.

His near sixfoot physique and tireless energy were heritage from sturdy seafaring ancestors and the bleak coast of Maine which cradled him. His hair was black, his eyes

dark and flashing, his voice full of imperious thunder. He walked the

sagging decks of the old Brooklyn like a king—demanding instant

obedience from that band of Mormon pilgrims who had plighted their lives to ocean hazard and looked to him for guidance.

Despite his tendency toward pomposity and selfexaltation, Brannan had leadership qualities which if rightly used could have assured success for the undertaking. He

was shrewd, attentive to detail, and possessed of courage and vision in a degree given few men. In stocking the hold of the Brooklyn he

chose supplies and equipment calculated to meet any emergency SAMPRINTINGBRANNAN'S which might arise in pioneering a PRESS

this press was new commonwealth. In 1848 the printedUpon Prophet,""The

coasts of California were but vagueand "The Messenger."

ly known to the American people, Afterwards,the Horn onhauledthe "Brookaround lyn,"used it was by Branships plying rarely touched by and

Franprint to San Pacific. China In the the first trade, nancisco's newspaper,

Honolulu was the Pacific port of the "California Star."

call rather than any of the squalid seacoast villages of California. Occasionally American merchantmen

touched at Yerba Buena, San Ped-—Courtesy, Society of California Pioneers.

ro, or San Diego, but their only for an occasional a cargo was hope ship prothe had been decks, and hoes, forks, plows, scythes, men: hides. beef dried load of for month's voyage. a six nails, glass; visioned plowirons, shovels,

In that land of imponderables blacksmith, carpenter and millTo prepare meals, a negro cook and

Samuel Brannan hoped to plant a wright tools; equipment for three a negro steward had been hired for

Mormon colony. He seemed congrain mills; turning lathes and sawsixteen and eighteen dollars a month,

vinced that Brigham Young would mill irons; printing equipment and respectively.

reconcile were such staples as brass, copper, the voyage a crew of carpenters had nia—alead the beliefSaintsdifficultthroughtoto Califortwo years'supply of paper. There Throughout the weeks preceding

with the great leader's public uttertin and crockeryware, dry goods, transformed the decrepit old merances and writings at that time. He and an immense supply of school chantman into something vaguely reexpected to arrive first in this new books and slates. Two milch cows, sembling a packet. Lower deck and

land. His responsibility, he conforty pigs, and crates of fowls were a portion of the evilsmelling hold

sidered, was to make ready a place loaded aboard to make certain Zion had been converted into tiny cabins where weary Saints who traveled had an agricultural start. And the and bunks, with one large room prooverland might find rest and surcows, milked on deck, provided a vided for religious services and mess

cease from the trail. fresh and nourishing diet for the hall. These quarters were illventil-

So into the hold of the Brooklyn Brooklyn's infant passengers. A ated, insanitary, and almost wholly

had gone agricultural and mechancase or two of smoothbore muskets devoid of light.

ical implements for eight hundred were carefully hidden between (Continued on page 725)

JhSL LAND OF TIMELESSNESS By MILTON MANGUM

MONUMENT

its VALLEYFromcalendars,the landclocks,of today,and scheduleswith to the land of timelessness, where sifting sands grind slowly and time is the future. It skirts the muddy San are weathering away, mute witness of

measured in geological ages—that is Juan for some distance, then winds out death's visit to them. These silent peowhat it means to be transported from of the valley up through the jagged ple of the desert believe that once death

the busy, bustling cities of northern rocks of a gray and red reef. Eyes passes the portals of the hogan, that

Utah to the canyons and crags of the feast on the vast panorama of color hogan is cursed and must be abandoned

San Juan River country. Here in this reaching out to the far horizon, and ears and a new one built. Yellow and brown

land of the Navajo and ancient cliffdrink in the rich silence. Down we lizards crawl into the recesses of these

dweller one sees the silent, relentless dip again into a deep valley between once inhabited homes, where sorrow fight between life and death. Here plant overhanging walls and feel the cooland pain stalked a stoic people in the

and animal life, armed with thorns or ness of the canyon floor where the sun stillness of the night. Rattlesnakes curl

claws and sharp, often poisonous never shines. Then up again to the in the shade where once a child was

teeth, wages endless battle for life high, grey spine of comb ridge and on born. Horned toads blink from the

against the elements. down the tortuous road to Mexican shadows where long ago an Indian

In the Cottonwood canyon near Hat and the river. mother sang softly to her baby.

Bluff or in the cliffs overhanging the Looking down into the Moenkopi, By the decaying hogan stands the

Chinle Creek one sees the remains of red waters of the San Juan at Mexican post where once was tied the lean caysome of these ancient battles, battles Hat give one the impression that the use waiting to be ridden across the in which man fought desperately—and land is slowly bleeding to death. blackbrushcovered ridges or turned

lost. Here the elements are slowly disWe must not pause too long at the loose to graze on the sparse growth

integrating the work of an ancient peoGooseneck or we shall become beof dry grass or low greasewood. Here

ple. Winds and water are crumbling wildered by the twisting and writhing is the rude stick which once formed a

the sandstone shelves upon which were of the river in the deep, dark canyon part of a loom upon which were woven built the homes of a people who once below; be overcome by an impulse to into a coarse blanket the vivid colors

sought the protection of the varicol- plunge out into space and forgetfulness. of the desert.

ored cliffs. Let us follow the road as it climbs Here are the blackened stones which

The mud mortar, once patted into out of the canyon at Mexican Hat and once encircled a friendly fire of cedar place and marked with the imprint of winds out across the Navajo reservaand blackbrush; a fire which momenthands which have long since crumbled tion. Catch a glimpse of the Alhamarily blinked back the blackness of the

to dust, is slowly weathering away bra as it bathes in the first rays of the desert night. Here beside this lonely

and sifting out from between the rocks. sun in the morning. Like the story hogan brownskinned nomads of the

Buried under the dust of centuries castle of "Sleeping Beauty"it waits for desert once lived, loved, hated, felt are the sunken circular fire boxes where a "Prince Charming"to come and pain and hunger, then died or moved food, gathered at the risk of life, was awaken the household. But no prince on. Now the desert seems bent only

cooked in pottery molded into shape ever comes. to the task of erasing the signs of the

and decorated in basketlike effects by The road winds on through a land infamy.

pressure of the thumb on soft clay. where the undaunted spirit of the pioIn the evening the silent guards of

Corncobs, still showing the teethneer has been broken on the wheel of Monument Valley draw the dark marks of a race now gone, are found tragic desert life. Here and there along cloaks of the night about them in

buried under the dust and debris. the road an abandoned oil well, an solemn similitude of the sanctity of this

In the dust a shiny arrowhead empty shack, a broken wagon or disstrange land. All night they stand,

sparkles in the shadows. What was carded truck only further demonstrate mute warnings to him who would inits mission? Did that glistening stone, the ruthless strength of the elements vade that sanctity.

cut in the shape of a mountain pine, in this desert land. Warm sands of day turn cold at

once tear through flesh and release a It seems the elements in this strange night, and tinseled stars hover so close soul from further fear of hulking land resent the distorting touch of man it seems one could almost reach out and shadows, or was its use arrested by and are doing all they can to discourpluck them from the sky. Yet again

another like stone while it was being age him in the invasion of its sphinxthese solemn sentinels seem to put forth put in place to tip a willowy shaft? like security. If he breaks the stillness a warning hand to guard these jewels

We cannot answer. Turning away of its silent canyons with sacrilegious of the night.

we follow the path of modern man. A shout, the cliffs mock back. If he leaves In the stillness of the night a message

narrow road across the vast stretches his imprint upon the face of the vast from the desert is whispered into the of this country indicates where our own valleys, soft desert winds cover the vulears of the soul: "This is the land of

people have invaded the mystical sigar mark with clean sand. If he seeks timelessness. If you would stay you

lence of this land of timelessness: the gold or greasy oil, fortune fades and must become a part of it, be swalroad from Bluff to Kayenta—a hauntleaves an empty shaft or silent derrick lowed up by the desert. Your identity

ing road where shadows of the past as a warning to future invaders. must be lost. Here time is forever, and

hold tryst with the foreboding spirits of Here and there empty Navajo hogans eternity is now."

F. JOSEPH SMITH

(pat/ricuuzk, to JthsL tfku/ich.

By JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH of the Council of the Twelve

REMARKS OF

JOSEPH F. SMITH

Patriarch to the Church Delivered at the Saturday Morning Session of the l\3th Semiannual General Conference, OcJOSEPH F. SMITH tober 3, 1942, in the Tabernacle.

T know that my Redeemer lives.

A Once in January of this year, and again in April, I lay in the

of Babannual general conference of hand Dr. Maud May the returned only therefrom byAt, the first session of the semiand dramatics under the guiding valley of the shadow of death. I cock, to much he owes held in the taberwhom the Church of the the Priesthood and in power

in his his start nacle, chosen faith Saturday morning, 3, obtaining October of - those called field. In April scoff 1920, he sophists was 1942, Elder eldest F. Smith, Joseph who—lovelet me.worldlyLet

son of the late Hyrum M. Smith, on a mission to the Hawaiian Islands, learned men rationalize: I knowwas sustained as Patriarch to the where he labored under the direction—as I know that I stand here

Church. At the time of his appointof his uncle, E. Wesley Smith, then that I am alive this day by the

ment he was the head of the speech presiding in that mission. He repower of the Priesthood and by

faith of ones. the loved my aftdepartment 1922, turned September at the home in of University

nights I lain and have Many er successful mission, completing a bornUtah. He was January 30, the to goodness Lord's pondered

in 1899, at again took City, and up his studies Salt Lake the eldest I must conwhich child of after Shortly University Elder of Utah. Ida Hyrum and M. unmerited. too the me—goodnessfess seemed all

Elizabeth Bowman Smith. His fahis return he was called to do the There are no words for me to tell

ther was the eldest son of Presiusual duties required of faithful you what went on in my heart this dent Joseph F. Smith and from Ocyoung men in the Church, in the orday as I saw this great body of

tober 24, 1901, to his death, Januganizations and became a teacher in men holding the holy Priesthood ary 23, 1918, was a member of the various classes and in his quorum. sustain me in the calling to which

Council of the Twelve Apostles. He was also called to serve on the the Prophet of God has sumJoseph F. was left in his youth withGranite Stake Sunday School board. moned me.

lives. that Redeemer know myout both father mother, and as his 1929, of Since has been he a member

I is that His Grant Heber knowI J. diedmother six 24, September 1918, general the of the board Y.M.M. properlyordained chosen and afterdays birth the her of second LA. earth. grant upon mouthpiece Godson, Mack, Jr. care Hyrum of received Bachelor the of Arts The He as that of Priesthood, a body we

the children was left to their Aunt degree from the University of Utah that our families, that our brethMargaret Bowman, who has been to in 1 924, and the following year took ren and sisters who are memthem all that love, sympathy, and a course in the University of Lonbers of the Church of Jesus Christ motherly care could exact. don, where he obtained a certificate of Latterday Saints may have the

Joseph F. was baptized on his in phonetics. The next year he was wisdom and the strength to hew

eighth birthday anniversary, Jan- a student in the University of Illiclosely to the words which have uary 30, 1907. His early schoolnois where he obtained his M.A. deissued and which shall issue from

the constituted the authority of in in gree; 193638 a student he was received in theing was Salt Lake

will Church. so doing Only by the of University district Wisconsin, whereCity schools. Hyrum When the strength to the face have we also also taught. spent one he F.'sM., father, He called Joseph was trials that to are come. The

to preside over the European missummer at Oxford. He has taught hearts of the strongest may quail.

sion, in the fall of 1913, he took his two summer sessions in the UniverObedience to the word of the family with him, and Joseph atsity of Minnesota, and one summer Lord is the only thing which will tended Liverpool Collegiate School. in the University of Iowa. For one fortify us in the days to come.

After returning to his native land year he was Director of Theater in God grant that we may be Lathe continued his education in the the University of Illinois and also terday Saints, I pray in the name

University of Utah, where he taught in the summer school in the of Jesus Christ. Amen.

showed exceptional talent in speech University of California at Berkeley.

He taught in the University of Wisconsin two years and during five summer sessions, and for the past seven years he has also taught in the summer session in the Banff School of Fine Arts, a subsidiary of the

University of Alberta. All of this,

in connection with the duties as head of the department of speech in the

University of Utah, and his activities on the Young Men's General Board and in other Church work, has made for him a very busy life.

He is a member of the following fraternities, societies, and professional organizations: The National

Sociology Fraternity; Theta Alpha

Phi; the National Dramatic Fraternity; National Forensic Fraternity;

and Sigma Phi Sigma.

Early in the present year, 1942, he was taken seriously ill and spent many weeks in the hospital and only by the blessings of the Lord through administration, was his life spared.

Then following this illness he was

F. JOSEPH SMITH FAMILY ANDseized again spent another and siege

Front: Pingree Ruth Esther, order Smith Denis, and Lynne has followed been the from beillness seriousof necessitated which F. Joseph Smith, and Rear: Ida, Raoul; Ruth. in this ginning dispensation. Speakat operation in Clinican the Mayo ing office of the of Patriarch, theMinnesota. Again, the through powthe Lord them, appeared unto they rose and Prophet said: Smith has Joseph

blesseder the up and of called he and Adam, Lord brought Michhim was back is Evangelist Patriarch a The the even ael, the Prince, the Archangel. the And histo condition present health. of oldest the of of or blood the man of Joseph administered Lord comfort unto and Adam,

January 5, 1929, he married Ruth seed of Abraham. Wherever the Church said unto him, I have set thee to be at the

is of Christ established in earth, the therePingree, head; of nations multitude of the shall of a member who is come A

should for a be benefit Patriarch the of the thee, art thou and for- a Prince over them Board,Primary General and daughof the posterity it Saints, as with Jacob was it ever. shall father. with So be He myter of Pauline Pingree, Taggart a in his giving patriarchal blessings unto his shall called his a prince be posterity over

member of the Relief Society Genersons. ( Teachings of the Prophet, page 151 holding the keys of the Patriarchal Priestal late the Board; the and Pingree. Frank hood over of earth, kingdom on God In office, of case the patriarchal

the of even the Church Latterday Saints, five girls children, have threeThey the line has Lord designated the of sit shall in and the he of general assembly Ida, S., boys:and two Ruth Raoul revelation descent. Patriarchs, comBy in and council even the with AnPingree, Pingree, Denis and Lynne cient sit of shall all Days, the he when and Sr., Smith, mandment Joseph was

is fourEsther, old. months who Patriarchs with shall him, his enjoy and called office. ordained to this and

right authority the direction and of under office of Patriarch the to The blessing In the his pronounced upon... the of Ancient Days.

isChurch of hereditary one oftwo the said: head Prophet is father, Again, blessed for the hand my

fices in the Church, the other being Three years previous to the death of of the Lord shall be over him and he shall that of Presiding Bishop. In the case Adam, he called Seth, Enos, Cainan, Mahabe full of the Holy Ghost.... Behold

of the Presiding Bishop, however, laleel, Jared, Enoch, and Methuselah, who the blessings of Joseph by the hand of his the Lord has not revealed the line of werethe posterityall high whopriests,werewithrighteousthe residueinto theof progenitorfather and shallhis seedcomeafteruponhim,the toheadthe ofuttermy descent and since one holding the valley of Adamondi-Ahman and there bemost. (Blessing given December 18, 1833.)

office of high priest may serve, this stowed upon them his last blessing. And {Concluded on page 737)

PATRIARCHS TO THE CHURCH SINCE 1S33

JOSEPH SMITH, SEN. HYRUM SMITH JOHN SMITH JOHN SMITH HYRUM G. SMITH

No photograph available

Journey to Wkxko

HEBER J. GRANT AS THE

YOUNG APOSTLE

AS RECORDED IN THE

JOURNALS AND LETTERS OF

(p/UL&jud&nL "I am twentyeight years old today. I can scarcely realize I

am more than eighteen or twenty. I

feel like a boy in knowledge regarding the gospel."

These words were written in Compiled by RACHEL GRANT TAYLOR

Heber J. Grant's journal at St.

David, Arizona, November 22, 1884. '"Phis account of an arduous and disheartening journey indicates how

He was "traveling for the Church service tests men, and calls for faith to follow instructions

Church"in company with Brigham despite personal sacrifice and danger. The journey to Mexico would

it fruitless to venture, the mettle of the been a have proved but spentYoung, Jr., a month seem and had

it, line undertook the pursued of and men courage, with their duty who settlementsholding in the meetings in spite of hardship disappointment. and

of the Saints in Arizona. Such a

visit was a minor part of their assignment, for, as apostles, they had been called by President John Taydollar bond to enter the country. "I Goodwin warned us not to stop in

lor to choose a party of competent telegraphed to Mr. Dooley of Wells Magdalena, Hermosillo, Guaymas,

men and proceed into Mexico. Fargo and secured the money, gave and other towns on account of yel-

"Our trip into Sonora, Mexico, is a Mr. Goodwin a sixtyday sight low fever. The country on either

for the purpose of visiting the Chief draft, and Mr. Goodwin signed a side of the Magdalena River is very

of the Yaqui Indian nation and to bond with the customs house for the fine and would be a lovely spot if it try to find a place on the upper safe return of five wagons, three were owned by some wideawake

Yaqui for a settlement... a place carriages, nine riding saddles, three Utah farmers. The valley is very

for a city of refuge."pack saddles, and thirteen sets of narrow and not capable of supportTwenty-three men were called to harness."Their animals, "thirtying much of a population. Plenty

accompany them.* two in number, were not subject to of trees on our route today, black

The meeting place was at Noduty on account of there being no walnut, sycamore, black willow, Cotgales, Arizona, where on the morning horses—mares, mules, and stallions tonwood, blackberry, etc.

of November 25, "shortly after 10 pass free.""November 28: Continued our

a.m. President Layton's buggy arOver three hours were spent at journey at 7 a.m. Today we have

rived and we went a mile north of the the customs house and then "for the passed a number of small Mexican town and camped. About twelve first time in my life I put my foot on towns: Imuris, La Mesa, San Ig-

o'clock the teams from Salt, Gila, soil of a foreign country."nacio, and others. This afternoon

and San Pedro rivers arrived. We That afternoon the company we passed through Magdalena City

were very much pleased that the traveled about twenty miles inland—some four thousand inhabitants.

teams from the different towns and when night came camped in the Camped just out of Magdalena in should arrive here at the same time timberland where grass was plentithe field of a Mexican. He charged

and all on the appointed day."ful. "It was arranged that at our ten cents per head for feed for our

Upon reaching the border it was prayers night and morning the chapanimals. In Magdalena we called

necessary to have a one thousand lain would call on the members of on the prefecto and Brother Young *President Alex. T. Macdonald, Charles S. Peterthe party in order of their ages. presented a letter from the Mexican

son, Solomon H. P. NewmanF. Kimball,of MesaMiltonCity, L.MaricopaRay, andCounty;Jorgen "Sonora, Mexico, November 27: consul at Tucson. The prefecto

Benjamin F. Johnson, and Heber T. Johnson of Broke camp a few minutes after 8 received us very kindly and gave us

Terape, Maricopa County; P. Spilsbury, Mesa Alma

C. Rogers, Col- a.m. Have traveled about thirtyall the information he could regardHenryCity (Alma Ward); Reuben

let,PapagoLehi;Ward,IncarnacionMaricopaVaienzuela,County; John(Lamanite)S. Merrill,from three miles today, most of the time ing the country, and a letter of inDavid E. Merrill, and Samuel B. Curtis of St, David, on a small stream which we were troduction to the Governor of SoCochise Alfred Baker, County; James Larsen, and told was the Magdalena River. It nora. Have traveled about twentyof Levi Curtis, County; RamsonThomas Pima, Graham

Curtis, County; and Hawes, George M. Wilis of eight of the miles today. have had hardly worthy name Weliam of Central, County; Clemens Graham Hyrum

St. leaving leaving river. ever since fine weather Nogales, Before Mr.Brinkerhoff,C Graham County. Thatcher, Graham

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

David but find it gradually getting fore daylight our two horse guards vicinity of that river. I was quite

warmer. Today we passed through brought a Mexican into camp. He disappointed upon going to the post

a small town where there was a was armed with a gun and had been office today to find no letters for me large number of orange trees.... To discovered near our animals. He from home. I was positive there

see green fields and trees seems more claimed to be on his way to San would be quite a number.

little Miguel. than conversaAfter November. a some like May Saw

is said to "Hermosillo seven have field loose. tionwheat turned passed where he was up the wheat was We inhabitants. the of Most several inches. the through Mexican town of La thousand

"Sunday, November 30, 1884: Labor. Camped tonight near the buildings are one story with flat

Started from camp at 6:30 a.m. headquarters of a band of thieves, roofs and are built of adobes. The

Traveled about nine miles for water that is, judging from the best instreets are very narrow and in comto a ranch called Querobabi. formation we could obtain. Did not parison with our Utah streets are

Learned from a Mexican that six turn our animals out tonight, as it hardly worthy of the name. The

persons had died there from yellow is not considered wisdom. It has government building in which the

fever two months ago. been very warm today. Purchased governor has his office will be a very

structure completed. when The watered our animals from something over 400 oranges at La fine "We in front of this plaza building is as of the Labor.one tanks I most filthy ever

lovely spot as a to could look one ask It this saw. nothing. or was We 3, 1884: "Wednesday, December full is at. It trees flowers, of and for five to the water, centshad pay about 5 a.m. drove Broke camp fruit. full trees ripe of orange We many animal. per of party our Some for until after nine and camped trees are planted of Orange on some I the butdrank from tank did not this miles side breakfast about two in streets the the as same manner we I quite to care although so do was breakHermosillo. of north After in trees for plant shade Utah. thirsty. it like water looked The third fast party of a about our went

had been there all summer at least. into the city. Brothers Young, Mac- "This evening in camp we talked

Animals were driven into it, and it donald, Ray, and myself called at over our future program. We have

like offilooked of the remains more warned Mexican by every office. learned been governor's a the We cial that the consul than a tank saved for the met from yardcow we have that of town. Brother he was out

use of animals and man. Plenty of Young presented his letters of inat Tucson to the secretary in Sonora

good grass today but no water extroduction from the Mexican consul not to go into the country on the Yacepting that in tanks. Made a dry at Tucson and the prefecto at Magqui River occupied by the Yaqui Incamp a few miles further on. dalena to the secretary, who redians. The secretary informed us

* * * ceived us kindly and gave us all the that the Yaquis would take our arms "This morning about one o'clock information he could regarding the {Concluded on page 698) us our Yaqui River and the country in themost of aroused were from

ROUTE OF THE JOURNEY TO THE YAQUI COUNTRY the bellowingslumber a large of by number of bulls. We were reminded

of the Mormon Battalion's experience with bulls, but these did not come to our camp. They did some

fighting among themselves and any amount of bellowing.

"Brother Young stated that he thought we should hold occasional meetings and call upon the Lord.

He felt that we would be more apt to fully accomplish our mission if we were prayerful and went trusting in our Heavenly Father. He

promised that if we would be faithful that no harm should come to any of our party or their families while we are on this mission. I kept camp

guard until twelve this evening.

"December 1, 1884: This evening

our party was organized into two companies. The matter of being

always on our guard and prepared for any kind of an emergency was fully discussed.

"Sonora, Mexico, Tuesday, December 2, 1884: Came to a fine

stream of running water about 1 a.m. It was quite refreshing to find

running water after traveling several days where the only water we could get was from wells at Mexican ranches or from filthy tanks.

Have traveled about twentysix miles today. This morning just be697

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

{Concluded from page 697) of Hermosillo when the farms adjointhe Book of Mormon, they would send and animals and that we would be foring the town are so much more invit- a commission to visit our people (in tunate if we escaped with our lives. ing. Arizona ) and to go and visit Salt Lake

"In camp about four miles from "Notwithstanding, it is a tiresome City."

Hermosillo. Thursday, December 4: task to be lying in a camp doing President Grant's journal continues

Something like a third of our party left nothing.... We have had a feast of orthe narrative:

about 10 a.m. for Hermosillo. We anges.""Sunday, December 14, 1884: Morncalled on General B. B. Topets, who The following is a letter written by ing spent reading. Brother Young and

gave us all the information he could Brigham Young, Jr., telling of the exparty arrived from Guaymas this afterregarding the Yaqui River and other periences of the group who went into noon, and with the exception of Brothparts of Sonora. He said that the the Yaqui country: er Young they were in excellent health

that disarmedYaquis every company spirits. bad, and very looked He "First the Village, of Megarng Yaand their that country, theycame into I I felt minute impressed the him saw quis, miles several the above mouth

raise of a force thousandwould two to that attempt not any he must do river, the 10th, of 1884. Dec.

if to necessary. advised usmen He traveling team. by at Brethren Hermosillo: "Dear Campremain the over a day govmeet and 15, 1884: "Monday, December in health are labored but good have "Weernor. milifurnish offered to us a He to a.m. 10 about drove and Broke camp I far. to hard get wrote you were we assisttary in to escort us the exploring railroad the depot Sonora where there last night, a lagoon. remained thisWecountry. returned to camp and I separated Brother from We and Young this further unfavorable in inwind morning, ran

the evening held a meeting. up the lagoon and hired some Yaquis to carthe brethren, and they continued their

"Today being fast day, all of our ry our baggage for a dollar each, to this journey by team to Nogales. At 3:10

party fasted this morning. point four miles across the worst bottom p.m. our train pulled out, and we found

"I have felt impressed that I had betland I have seen for some time. We tramped ourselves once more headed for home.

in through but wading wereter water and at remain the our disapwith camp I that feel confess pleasure Must much of step nearly the deep every knee itmudpointed part of instead our of company in being again and bound homeward way. I togoing told Guaymas. Brother satisfied the mission with as our am exactdisposed to Yaquis were be "Our felt feeling. theYoung had same He my his Brother Yaquis and Young whom all find this ing, well. turned out but We thebut to to hardly matter cared name perfect party expressed a met had is far just as as pass. a can without go we

I desire thinking reme, not to would willingness missionaries to have our is far river the or (Cahama) up Cajeme main. perhaps six miles away, and the next in comcome among them. In fact, they made

"December 5, 1884: This a.m. part mand must give us a pass to go farther to find the brethren promise to send them misof our company drove to the city. In the chief, and when we want to leave cansionaries with the Book of Mormon

company with General Topets, Brothnot until his chiefship gives us a pass to within a few months. They expressed

this settlements. of cordon pass anders Young, Macdonald, Johnson, Ray, willingness esto people a our have

further declined to and any have go called myself the returnWeand govSonora on tablish their settlement in a country chief that to the would sent have word weernor. kindly received. were vVe We said that they and any welcome would if his will signify like interview he an the to pleasgovernorfound very be a persebeing of people our were who it. starts in the grant pleasure to mornBoatant gentleman a English and good cuted. said believed they what They it is to write as hurried are ing hence we

talker. the told brethren regarding them had the dark. All people here have been now

"Governor Torres gave them to unexceedingly kind and we are cared for by the Book of Mormon was the truth."

their thatderstand mission not aphired. was fellow liberalminded boat a whose we his apostle young and comThe him, that the isproved It is that us. Yaquis All Yaquis by well rumored with were Salt City reached panion Lake Deon [did] left since havein rebellion the against open Guaymas we who Mexican 18, 1884. cember to letter the Cajeme, padre brought from agovernment not and would under come "Immediately of the account upon are the people trust in Lord. but These wecontrol.

visit this the Indians to being pubmade the royal are just the like Kanakas. They the said, Yaquis, governor "The had lic,"so reported all. Deseret you. bless The News, to love All stock. send God fourabout thousand garrisoned men press, all. "the particularly of In of the behalf United "B. Young"solnot allow theand would Mexican States, detailed particulars the of andiers their or to into people ofgo counthe visit, L. their Ray, Milton Of said agreement to bebeen have madetry. they a were hardworking As ficial writes: recorder, the tween the Indians and Mormons by

...people, the bone of Sonora, sinew and Brother Young. well except "All the which on war government Mexican

the to did not government wish look to make and a go employed Yaqui We to their united be conducted was by just yet. tell upon themwar would general for the him and we forces. full agitation so became The

"Brothers Young, while B. F. Macdonald,... like an interview. A little of malice as to President Taylor move

Brinkerhoff,Johnson, Valenzuela, Ray, the general coming afterwards we saw to the idea abandon of making a the train Clemens tookand settleor fifteen for Guayof a dozen at the head ment of Saints in the the Latterday first,mas. secured There they boat, soldiers. a Yaqui spoke... Brother Young at that time."* country Yaqui

the to take the the party Falucha, to mission. spoke our making known He

to the promise of The send Book I river. in interpreted of the to English. the whatmouth boat. While me to these people delayed was in Mormon for waiting in the the.. wind, Spanish, Bonifacio said Yaquiswas to he who but forgotten. not In 1887, Wilford his told gathered inand chief turn about the Mexicans it to and gave own

the party to confess their sins as they tongue. For though the chief spoke Woodruff, then president of the

Church, appointed Tenney M. Ammon alive. fluently, not he not Catholic back could Spanish comwould come A to companions return to the Yapriest the his pardignity receiving a comand seemed promise among number by

quis, trouble the with The Mexicanticularly for native the of welfare anxious but his the munication in any still government continued, they and..little band. Indian, the tongue. beValenzuela,

not terriwere enter to allowed Yaqui so fearful at hearing another evening, such acame "In the warnhad we tory, so they sent to labor were among prining that themselves from talked to the Yaquis he meeting and them on the left the boat and refused to go any ciples of the gospel. I read and transthe Lamanites of Sonora. The Indian,

further. lated some of the Book of Mormon. Elder Valenzuela, who had become

frightened to the returned and on camp "I to our Hermosillo a have to been anxious have number very were They trip, previous particularly spirited wasof in since visit times elders bring of camp. the been have and them Book we

in his bearing his testimony to brethren it. last, as going teach readWednesday, were and them and we Mormon

truth, the often of feet his standing on city, their told in the situation from of coming usand Son- a drove They we for preaching and time. ten hours at a rights, city their tomile or the their of the for see of stand west two ora and

of Indians were baptized,farms groves. orange sursaying they and themHundreds meant to govern I am and great faith was manifest. thatprised could content selves. person himsaid a they believed The chief

self in as dirty a place as the old town our teachings, and when we came with *L. A. Wilson, The Deseret News.

TO THE REPENTANT

By thought,Now, asI criedmy mindwithincaughtmy heart:hold uponO Jesus,this

gall encircled of bitterness, in the and am RUDGER CLAWSON amthou Son of God, have mercy on me, who the everlasting of chains about by

Of the Council of the Twelve And now, behold, when I thoughtdeath.this,

I could remember my pains no more; yea,

Delivered at the Saturday Afternoon I was harrowed up by the memory of my

Session of the 113r/i Semiannual Gensins no more.

joy, oh, marvelous and what what And eral Conference, October 3, 1942, in filled light yea, soul behold; I did was my the Tabernacle.

pain! with exceeding as as joy was my

Yea, I say unto you, my son, that there could be nothing so exquisite and so bitter as were my pains. Yea, and again I say

that the other son, you, hand, unto on my the has, of things; these mouth but by God exquisite there nothing sweet so can be and

things these angel, his holy known made joy. as was my PRESIDENT RUDGER CLAWSON myself; of worthiness of not unto me, any

I father as saw, our Yea, even methought

I the of Mosiah, sons with about For went his sursitting throne, Lehi saw, upon God to of but the church seeking destroy God; of anconcourses with rounded numberless

to stop us his angel holy sent behold, God the Bible sevread I have attitude gels, praising in singing the of andBrethren, the way. by times. eral read I have the Book to their soul did long be yea, and God; my

of Mormon, studied it, and reAnd behold, he spake unto us, as it were there.

earth the the of whole thunder, voice and I injoiced the teachings thereof. their have did receive limbs behold, But my fell all feet; our tremble and did beneath we feet, I inrejoiced strength again, stood reading and the upon studying and my the of for fear the earth, came the Lord to

I the that had unto people did manifest and of Doctrine Covenants,book and and us. upon of been born God. Ialso Price. the of Pearl Great recomArise. said unto me: the behold, voice But until that time even from now, and Yea, to these souls honest booksmend many the I beheld up, and stood arose and And I ceasing, that might labored without I haveasking them. questions about These angel.

I repentance; that souls might unto bring library, constitute of the a onebooks If wilt of thythou said unto me: he And of taste the to exceeding bring of joy them

in librariesgreatest the world, because to destroy self seek more destroyed, no be I taste; that also did might they be which

it calls truth, sets attenforth the and the of church God. filled the of with God, be Holy and born

tion to the wages of evil, and warns And it came to pass that I fell to the Ghost.

evil.against the of three for days the space earth; and it was the Lord Yea, and my son, now behold, O

not I could inopen that nights interesting are and three and There many the in great joy exceeding my doth give me

I limbs. the use of neither mouth, had my these principles in storiesstructive and fruit labors; of my

good books. If we will follow the And the angel spake more things unto For because of the word which he has

brethren, but heard me, by which were my closely thereof throughteachings our been behold, have me, many imparted unto

I the heard for them; hear when not I did I tasted havelives, as end. journey's safe will reach have a of and God, born we

thyof destroyed wilt be thou I have as to eye seen words—If tasted, eye have and the the day, other from reading, I was of the church self, destroy to more seek no things of these they seen; therefore do know of son the of was Alma,book who fear great and such struck with was I and as I know; spoken, do God—I of which have inlikely I think be wouldAlma. you I deshould be lest perhaps amazement is I of God. have the which knowledge afternoon, this if some,terested I read I did fell I the earth and that to stroyed, trials I under supported been have And the Second. of character the Almafrom hear more. no in yea, kind, and trouble of every and

This Alma, the Second, was addressBut I was racked with eternal torment, for manner of afflictions: yea, God has delivall

ing himself to his son Helaman. This my soul was harrowed up to the greatest ered me from prison, and from bonds, and

is where the story begins, and very soon degree and racked with all my sins. from death; yea, and I do put my trust in

has an ending. Yea, I did remember all my sins and inhim, and he will still deliver me.

iquities, for which I was tormented with the And I know that he will raise me up at

My son, give ear to my words; for I swear pains of hell: yea, I saw that I had rebelled the last day, to dwell with him in glory;

unto you, that inasmuch as ye shall keep the against my God, and that I had not kept his yea, and I will praise him forever, for he has commandments of God ye shall prosper in holy commandments. brought our fathers out of Egypt, and he

the land. Yea, and I had murdered many of his has swallowed up the Egyptians in the

I would that ye should do as I have done, children, or rather, led them away unto deRed Sea; and he led them by his power into

in remembering the captivity of our fathers; struction; yea, and in fine so great had been the promised land; yea, and he has delivered

for they were in bondage, and none could my iniquities, that the very thought of comthem out of bondage and captivity from deliver them except it was the God of Abraing into the presence of my God did rack time to time. (Alma 36:1-28)

ham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of my soul with inexpressible horror.

Jacob; and he surely did deliver them in Oh, thought I, that I could be banished "NJow, brethren, this is a remarkable

afflictions.their extinct soul and both body, and become It mercy the and love case. shows that I in behold, to son stand not now, Helaman, brought might be And my O this to man the of that shown was God art therefore youth,thou of in thy presence and I bejudged to be God, of my my his sins. took of repented he when God that wilt of theeseech thou hear deeds. words my

and learn of me; for I do know that whosoAnd now, for three days and for three mercy upon him and forgave him of

ever shall put their trust in God shall be nights was I racked, even with the pains of his sins, and he accomplished a mighty supported in their trials, and their troubles, a damned soul. work among his people, and he became

and their afflictions, and shall be lifted up And it came to pass that as I was thus high priest in the Church.

I the lastat day. torment, with while racked harrowed was brethbless you, the Lord my May

I that think that not behold, I would of ye up by the And memory know many my is great large audience ren. a This

I theof of the of also temporal father but to heard remembered have sins,my myself—not linger are as there not but I must

spiritual, the of of carnal not the the sight, but prophesy unto mind concerning people God.

Now, behold, I say unto you, if I had not coming of one Jesus Christ, a Son of God, others yet to speak.

been born of God I should not have known to atone for the sins of the world. Peace be with you. Amen.

>M. REAPERSSOWERS BROADCAST

By Immediately after the conclusion of the traditional nationwide Tabernacle broadcast, morning, Sunday LEVI EDGAR YOUNG 4, an additional thirtyminute October the Seventy of the First Council of regularly as period, the known ColumDelivered at the Saturday Afternoon bia Church of the Air, was presented

Session of the \\3th Semiannual Genfrom 11:00 to 11:30 a.m., over the naeral Conference, October 3, 1942, in tionwide Columbia network as a part of

the Tabernacle. the proceedings of this session of the

conference. President David O.

McKay, second counselor in the First

Presidency, delivered the address, and while we as missionaries have our which begins on page 690.

daily vocations, the most joyful recreaThe program was conducted by tion is in going to the homes of people Elder Richard L. Evans, of the First

with the gospel message. Remember the Council of the Seventy, whose condivine injunction: "Not slothful in bustinuity follows:

iness, fervent in spirit, serving the Theme: "Sweet is the Work"—McClelLord."Our hearts need not be troubled lan—Organ and humming voices.

or afraid, if we have the simple faith in Richard L. Evans: Columbia's Church

God and the work He has given us to of the Air.

do. We remember the words of the Evans: A decade ago the Church of the

Prophet Micah Air was brought into being by the Columbia to to give representaopportunity network it in last the to shall pass, days... come

faiths their tives the bring to of major that the of the the of house mountain Lord to a of messages congregation nationwide shall in established the the of top be mounreligious these Since that worshipers. time

it tains, hills; shall the exalted be LEVI above and PRESIDENT EDGAR YOUNG services twice each heard been Sunhave

it. shall flow people and unto And many the the in twelfth of year day. Today,

let shall nations say, come, us and Come, go the to the Air, of service comes Church deeply the address touched was by... to the the of Lord. mountain up (Micah

of the part Station through as you KSL President Grant, of read which was 4:1-2)

of the 113th proceedings Semiannual Conthis morning. President byI McKay the nations to have mouncome The the of of of Christ ference Church Jesus

the that President day Grant wasOn tain in session. Saints, the of will Lord, they continue Latterday and now The

chosen as one of the Twelve Apostles to come and be taught by you, my brethservice originates in the Mormon Taberby a revelation of the Lord to President ren, for the prophet continues and says: nacle on Temple Square in Salt Lake City,

fills the the congregation called also father Taylor, Taberand which wasJohn my.. into their shall beat. they swords the includes nacle Authorities General and First the of ordained aand member their into ploughshares, pruningspears and the representatives of Priesthood worldwide the of Seventy.Council succeeded He lift shall nation not a hooks: sword up of the organizations speaker Church. Thehis father, President Young, Joseph who shall nation, neither learn against they war will President be David a O. McKay, memthe his to position ordained more. any (Micah 4:3)was by First the ber of Presidency.

Prophet Joseph Smith in the Kirtland You stake mission presidents should The Tabernacle choir joins in the servTemple in February, 1 835. My grandcall your brethren around you and teach ice and will sing now "O Light Divine"by

father and my father both had deep and the gospel. Remember when you apLeRoy Frisby.

abiding testimonies of the divinity of the proach people, you will receive from (Choir sings, "O Light Divine"—Frisby)

gospel of Jesus Christ as it was restored them the same thought that you give Evans: We now turn the service into

by the Prophet Joseph Smith. I am them. If hate, you will receive hate; if the hands of President David O. McKay of

grateful to the Lord for the same testilove, it will be love. God will be the the First Presidency of the Church of Jesus

mony, for I know that God lives, that judge of institutions and people; it is Christ of Latterday Saints. The subject

of address: President Light "The McKay's is Christ world, of the the SaviorJesus "love to thy duty the Lord your God that Darkness."Shines in of a prophet Smithand that Joseph was strength, might, mind, with your and

.. President 690.). (See page McKay for for he spoke andGod, was God lethis thyself."In as neighbor and thy

the of President (After address McKay the counsels.sharer of God's was He the of to ter Ephesians, speaks the Paul

the the singing of "See and Angel Mighty ofbearer preacher God's and Word, one: that is given grace each the choir, the of voices the Flying"male by of greatest stages the of oneand opened

.... for the the of ministry work following closing announcement was

religion in the of history mankind. all Till faith, in the of the unity. we. come given:

of the seventies, we are the of My brethren and of the knowledge God, Son of Gentlemen: Ladies and Evans: You

responsibilities great to the unto a perfectawakened the of man, unto measure of Columbia's been attending the have Church of teaching the gospel to all mankind. stature of the fulness of Christ. (Ephethe Air. The service today has come through

If ever the world needed the Word of sians 4:1213) Station KSL, from the Mormon Tabernacle

God, it is today. For this reason we We pray that the missionaries of all on Temple Square in Salt Lake City, as

must have vision, which gives us a view the stakes of Zion will from now on part of the proceedings of the 113th Semiof the Conference of Jesus Church life. the future as insightof well as into conour annual have turn must new We Saints, of also as Latterday Christ known callingditions present. will of thoughts of the forward, for the gospel The Filling the Church. Tabernacle the Mormon

is idealthe seventy of fellowship, an meet every wants, protect man's and the including of congregation a was men with sacred obligations to God. Our and guide his life. You will see your General Authorities and representatives of

spiritual obligations must make for unity labors rewarded. Sowers and reapers the worldwide Priesthood organizations of

and concord, and promote a spiritual will rejoice together. You are comthe Church. The speaker was President

culture within our ranks, which will mitted to nothing but the truth. People David O. McKay, a member of the First

give us power to teach the Word. From will listen to you. God bless all the misPresidency. Copies of President McKay's

in that Light sermon, Shines Dark- "The that sionaries on, of in the of sevorganizations the Church, theynow we may to the writing ness,"obtained be by may will glorifyenty beas never of the as never see the importance our work work listening. to are station which you

Ifore, for is before, that the the of believe Light with world go forth and servin the joined choir Tabernacle The waiting for the truths of God. Every God in their hearts, I humbly pray. ice with J. Spencer Cornwall conducting

one of us has a sacred duty and trust, Amen. and Dr. Frank W. Asper at the organ.

a

jhL POWER + EXAMPLE By house,church howof God."shall heSometakeof careus mayof notthe

LEGRAND RICHARDS havelieve daredthat undersay suchpresenta thing,conditionsbut I bewe

Presiding Bishop should give more thought to this, each one of us individually, than we have ever done before.

Delivered at the Saturday Afternoon 113th Session Semiannual Genof the

October 3, 1942, eral Conference, in \\7ev v fewlistenedminutesto agoPresidentreadingClawsonthe wordsa the Tabernacle.

of Alma. It has always occurred to me

that that great mission of Alma, the son, was the result of the faith and the prayers of Alma, his father, who pleaded with the Lord until the Lord saw fit to

VWe have a great responsibility, those call him back from the error of his ways.

vv of us who are here today. For we I wonder if we are doing that for our

—therepresentGeneralthe leadershipAuthoritiesof thisandChurchthose holdingboys andcouncilgirls. meetingsI wonderas ifhusbandswe are

who preside in the stakes, the wards, and wives, and fathers and mothers, to

BISHOP LEGRAND RICHARDS Church. and the PriesthoodWe have problemsquorums andof theretemptationstry to meet thatthe arenewin conditionsour midst.andI

sponsibilities and opportunities probabwonder if we know each one of our ly such as we have never had before, children well enough to know that they particularly in these defense areas. I are making their contribution to the

building in the of will will of up realize that there be kingdom hope God we all heart, brethren, I apmy the earth. will setting children our Are our of expected an more armsWith us—that preciate the opportunity o belittle just longer, of example because a leadour love as a our be and power ing feasting here the today, on

little ers little priests in faith deeper, and our our homes? a more and ownspiritual that receivfood have been we sincere, that confidence our and and

I Iing days ago, leaders associates. few letter our from received and a A trust of in ultimate the triumph and God of from in service, one there our that the thethank boys has never Lord and

falter. in earth the never His work may I life the time this counsel in in ofbeen that a given commend a conshadow my

a doubt has crossed my mind as to the I hope the bishops will realize that ference, that we write them. He said

divinity of this work and the divine they are in very deed fathers of the he had just been ordained an elder in calling of the Prophet Joseph Smith and people, all who live within the confines the Church, and he thanked the Lord those who have succeeded him in the of their wards whether their names be for that more than for any other thing.

Presidency of this Church. I thrilled on their records or not. Many have While he has been in the service he has

today with President Grant's testicome from outside places and they need changed his way of living so that he is mony, as it was read to us by President care and attention. I hope the bishops setting an example in upholding the

McKay, and I was delighted with the will also sense their great responsibilistandards of this Church.

message of the First Presidency dety as presidents of the Aaronic PriestBut how did he get started in the waylivered to us this morning by President hood in their wards—that the ward of righteousness? His grandmother in

Clark. Of all the leadership in the teachers will realize that their responsione of our stakes was concerned about

world today, surely there is none combility is greater than ever before, that him, because his mother was dead. She

parable to that which we have in the the presidencies of Priesthood quorums wrote a letter and asked if we would responsibility and all charged withChurch. secure safe and in write we should How to this boy. finally located We

will respondfeel in thereto as their Church following precepts and this first letter the him, and we received their example. never before. And I wouldn't like to told how he was in California and heard

I seventies, feel the for overlook with missionaries two speaking street the on I letter received days few ago a A Brother great the importance Kirkham corner lady and missionaries singing; I infrom the a with man whom of missionary for the work, has Lord said he and he wouldn't have gone andhave had some Eastcorrespondence—that shall the gospel decreed be to spoken for them anything in the businessprominent not man, but a memall in for the preached witness a world world. afraid. was diaHe a drew He Iber of our Church. him forwarded

I all to nations, to creature. even every gram showing he how went to down literature. of his wife oursome and He feel that opportunities there are added the corner again, and back and then the ofhave three read Book Mormon

I today, within that reach our and hope to the corner down and again, back andtimes. just has Articles the read of He will responsibilities in these meet we finally he found himself standing talkFaith writes beautiful apprecia- a and

that such a into our whoever comes way ing to the missionaries. In his letter hetion therein. for truths the contained

never communities go need and away asked: think the you "Do Lord had I letter likeBut his to read from would

that not say given opportunihe an was anything this?"with to do I far as Ashis after the having read comment to the mesty the of hear gospel Jesus Lord I think am concerned the prayers of that the Firstsage of delivered Presidency

this elders Christ the of Church. from grandmother the importunities and proat the conference. April says: "The He

message of the First Presidency was I would like to leave one other bably of his mother who had gone beread with intense interest. It portrays thought with you before closing. It yond, were the means of bringing that:

the mind of a soul deeply interested in has been said that those who live in boy back into line of duty and rightthe welfare of a higher civilization, with glass houses should not throw stones. eousness.

because Paul help never it was usa had to clear understanding labor of 'mercy God and Probably chilwith our dren, of thatjustice.'to he wasn't any children pray that thinkwith his own them, to see 'It is good to know that our

ing men, though not of us, recognize the afraid to tell the bishops and deacons own are setting an example in the power of leadership of those whom the that they should be able to rule well Church. It will do more than all the

Lord has placed to guide His people in their own houses, for said he: "If a preaching we can do. God help us to

these days. man know not how to rule his own do it, I pray in Jesus'name. Amen.

about the time of the martyrdom of the

Prophet Joseph Smith expecting to develop the lead a church people? andTRUEiiA* FAITH I to happened them? What has made a

mental note while sitting here of the failure of James By GEORGE ALBERT SMITH don, Jason W. Briggs,J. Strang,JamesSidneyH. GurRig-

Of the Council of the Twelve ley, Lyman Wight, Granville Hedrick, and I might name others but I will not

Delivered at the Saturday Evening Session of the 113th Semiannual take time. What became of them and

General Conference, October 3, 1942, in the Tabernacle. where are their followers today? You

could put all of them that make any claim to following those men, in this building and they would be lost. This

is only one of the great structures of certainly have had a glorious This morning the patriarch to the the Church with which you are idenfirst prayer today. time Church to From the introduced you. His wasWE first that the lineage tracing. remarkable was offered, is worth hymn He tifiedfilled thatmany,if itmanyweretimesrequiredover,couldnot bybe

sung, this house has been the abiding is a son of one of the mighty apostles all the people, but by the Priesthood place of the Spirit of the Lord. Those of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latteralone.

of us who have assembled have undoubtedly been enriched by the experi- T am thankful for my membership ences through which we have passed. in this, the Church of Jesus Christ.

fact the to has Reference been made I think that nobody could be more that recently brethren of the one had I thankful or than grateful for more if shrines, visited of our some we may parents grandparents and were who call shrines, that reminds and them me faithful Saints. Latterday must We I at last that year the within been have not forget all that the see when we

the the birthplace of Prophet Joseph richness lives of can't our separate we is It size just the Smith. about same it the righteousness from of mothour

I it village born. he as was when was is It ers. a thing wonderful to know,

the Kirtland, at Ohio, where beenhave as said of Nephi he born was who

It built temple. Saints a Latterday is of just didn't goodly say parents—heold, in section of building that largest the a father. goodly of born goodwas He

is vil- a Kirtland and the country now, ly parents, well and would do when we it that longer the point no to lage shrunk think blessings of to our remember we

I at office. also been have post has a our mothers our and grandmothers and

Far West where there were three thouour greatgrandmothers. Wherever

sand of our people, when they were there was a great leader in Israel there three only are there out,driven and great a wife or mother or both was who that land tract thebuildings we on I side. his thankful to stood be by am

three, to referred as Far It is West—onlyof here privilege. with you. blessed a

I that. at have buildings poorand very that a That marvelous message was

been thinking also of other places where was received this morning from the dethey have lived, where peopleour the Presidency can't of and then built houses, and landsveloped it duplicate the otherChurch—youchurch in in any

homes and to leave their compelledwere

Missouri, Independence,go away. is GEORGE ALBERT SMITH world;that wouldand yoube desirablecan't thinkto ofenrichanythingthe

no larger in point of population, or little Church and to prepare us for a place larger, than it was a hundred years ago. day Saints. He is the grandson of one in the celestial kingdom that was not

of the of great presidents the Church. around Nauvoo of country sectionThe in included that message. A marvelous

of greatgrandson Smith, is a the He Hyrum when is just Nauvoo, a village. facts gathering of and figures and adSaints were driven out, was a city of the martyr, who was the brother of the vice and counsel that we would all do

more than twenty thousand people, and Prophet Joseph Smith, who gave his well to listen to and profit by.

that this his brother with gospel a life streetcar nor it a has neithertoday tonight in here peace we are Now might in the world. be kept does population He train, and itsrailroad quiet. fire. is a and The world is on Everygreat-greatgrandson of Joseph people. Our thousand one exceednot Smith, where peace has been taken the from

Senior, the first patriarch in the Church because of the world outpeople came earth, devil has and the given been to Saints Christ of of Latterday It Jesus was to come. compelled werethey his power over dominion. own God

first to designated, the so be and man the and the world between choicea if said will has honor keep and we Him of the receive Smith testimony Joseph the Lord see what butwilderness, will His obwe commandments—if a that the beheld heavhe fulfilled Prophet had has see how He andwrought fight will serve His battles laws our He

listened the to vision enly and had promise.His destroy the and wicked, the and when

"Seek ye first the kingdom of God voice of an angel. time comes He will come down in

righteousness; his and all things family thatand came Every from into the heaven—not heaven—but unto you."in addedwill be the early Church days and remained with bring heaven Him—and thisHeearthwill

You will find no place even today, faithful has enjoyed rich blessings that upon which we dwell, will be the celesin all America, no house of worship, could be obtained in no other way. The tial kingdom.

equal to the house you are sitting in Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday What if all the world knew and benow, in point of convenience and the Saints is not just another church. It is lieved that? What a change there

ability to hear the voices of those who His Church who gave it His name. The would be in the conditions among the

speak. I know of no city more beautigospel of Jesus Christ is the loving adchildren of men! What joy would be in

fully laid out, in all America, than this vice of a kind and Heavenly Father the place of sorrow and distress today!

with its one hundred forty thousand who, knowing the end from the beginIt is your duty and mine, having repopulation, and we have other fine ning, says, "This is the pathway—-walk ceived this information, to impart it to

cities. The Lord brought us here when in it, and ye shall find the celestial kingothers.

it was a wilderness, and He has made dom,"and there is no other pathway We are a little handful of people it delightful to dwell in. Surely we are that leads to that kingdom. among the children of men, but possessgrateful for our heritage. Where are those who left the Church (Concluded on page 747)

OUR ASPIRATIONS—COVENANTS

By GEORGE F. RICHARDS

Of the Council of the Twelve

Delivered at the Saturday Evening Session of the With Semiannual

General Conference, October 3, 1942, in the Tabernacle.

WiiLErealizingsittingthathereI mightupon thebe stand,called nantChurchthatthroughwe havebaptism,made in enteringand thattheis upon to speak, I have wondered very important, brethren. The gospel,

what I might be able to say that would with our membership in the Church and be germane to this occasion, something kingdom of God here on earth, is one in which we might all be interested and of the greatest blessings that our Father possibly be profited. I have come to in heaven has to give, and necessarily

this conclusion, brethren, that everyone a solemn covenant of faithfulness should of us is a candidate for the blessings of be exacted.

life exaltation, that eternal and and all thing, the hold Another Melwe will fulness short of of nothing a glory this In Priesthood. on are chizedek we

life. this satisfy after suggests us That this in receiving ground; and common

that to while something have do we we principle the Priesthood on same we live the earth not here should and upon into oath entered and solemn a have forget the of here being our purpose that with our Father covenant we God existence the goal of that our which and will Priesthood, that magnify and He if attain. attain desire to we we And all shall us, that given has be with He

life, eternal of Priesthood, brethren the us. these brethren hold unto of Most

it will the the through be Church and offices Priesthood, that of the out grow gospel of Jesus Christ with the Holy and in order to magnify the Priesthood

Priesthood. we will have to magnify these offices

The Savior said to Nicodemus, a which we hold.

ruler of the Jews, "Except a man be born of the water and of the Spirit, he We have had the privilege and many cannot enter into the kingdom of God."of us have accepted the privilege of goreceiving the holy to the temple and in ing again are ground all on common We that GEORGE F. RICHARDS there endowments, and we are told all again have, born of us, been that we

of the water and of the spirit and have they are to prepare us to enter into the excelestial to receive an kingdom and of earth the on entered kingdom faithfulness. God of to covenants Now make enter therein. altation to But have we in received our have membership and the to it cannot that go a man be known faithfulness; into of covenants any and this received have way. Where we unthose endowments receive to intemple faithful desires to and be man who this the character blessings of from til the Melchizedek received has he in faithful the to keeping tends combe gosof the ordinances the saving Lord, the receiving that makes Priesthood and afraid will of not be mandments God faithis pel, there of covenant a always Priesthood a condiMelchizedek of the

fulness attached. And so we might ask tion of salvation, to every male member

what is the covenant that we have enof the Church. We have had the privitered into in receiving the gospel. I can lege, many of us, of going to the temple,

say for myself when I received baptism QUIET FAITH having first received the Melchizedek

I was placed under a covenant that I Priesthood, and receive certain sealing would henceforth keep the commandBy Eva Willes Wangsgaard ordinances there, entering into the new ments of God as fast as they are made and everlasting covenant of marriage, me. This done with unto was known greatthat it is in the that covenant is Patience. In of growth friend Noand

angels, uplifted before and hand God, give to est that blessings our Father has vember, A present. witnesses atgiven. have us to are Those who rise poplars the barren where She hovers

I do not know to what extent that Tall, oval cones of grandeur in September, tained those higher blessings, that is for time and sealed in the obtained practice Church husband and wife or how empty sieves that screen the greying Now in that particular long since it obtained are to have an offspring, eternity, they skies.

It is unthinkable increase. born and an eternal where I where ward was I She

I this obtained reached brooded long, where orchard trees are that but could that condition have be was baptized, yielding that brethren, conclusion, person every into baptized that this Church has been The opulence they drew from patient Earth, Lordoutsidehathof theordained.marriagePriesthoodrelations thatis necthe

fruits nuts, for in and gave to man And this blessreceived covenant those to or has receive order has made shielding this ings. verbally, the covenant, if not apthen, very to brethren, ought essary Wein rebirth. secrets the of year's holy The fact has this the through of accepting gospel preciate Priesthood which God

baptism, and confirmation, has made She hummed a lullaby for sleepy summer, permitted us to hold and keep all the this covenant. That responsibility rests The nameless murmurings of numerous bees, covenants we have entered into with the

upon every member of the Church. We Where honeysuckles fed each winging Lord, and be prepared for that which

hear people, sometimes, in praying, ask comer, we hope to receive when we have finthe Lord to help us to keep the cove- A lush reward for aiding mysteries. ished this brief period upon this earth.

nants that we have made at the waters My heart has need of her, for every season May God help us to this end, I pray, in of baptism. I know of no other coveShames with a quiet faith my loud unreason. the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JoJbsLCatkd. THE SONS OF GOD

By JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH Of the Council of the Twelve

Delivered at the Saturday Morning appear we shall be like Him, for we shall

Session of the l\3th Semiannual Gensee Him as He is, and every man that hath eral Conference, October 3, 1942, in this hope in Him purifieth himself even as the Tabernacle. He is pure.

John was speaking to the men who held the Priesthood. He calls them the

of I the sons all of God. God. has sons that endorse wish to We are First, divine authority has been That same all that place taken have and we

heard this morning. bestowed upon us. We, too, in this

We have here assembled in this imday should be just as grateful and just portant historic building the leading as willing to serve and keep the commen who hold the Priesthood who have mandments of the Lord and magnify been called to great responsibility. the callings which have been given unto

Never before in the history of the us as were these men in former days

Church has the responsibility which who were the sons of God. I wonder

has been given to the Priesthood been if we realize the greatness of our callnecessary than of fulfilment more toings—yes,

day. unNever before have we been—do they allrealizethe eldersthat intheythisholdChurchthe

der greater obligation to serve the Lord Melchizedek Priesthood? Do they

and keep His commandments, and know that through their faithfulness magnify the callings which have been and their obedience, according to the assigned to us. revelations of the Lord, they are enThe world today is torn asunder. titled to receive all that the Father has

Evil is rampant upon the face of the—to become the sons of God, joint

earth. The members of the Church heirs with our Elder Brother, Jesus

need to be humble and prayerful and JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH Christ, entitled to the exaltations in the diligent. We who have been called to celestial kingdom? Do we realize that?

these positions in the Priesthood have We, too, if we do realize it, should be the of Father Behold love what manner every days, like of former and those that responsibility shoulders our upon that hath should us be bestowed upon we will in him, this hath that hope man the direct of the to teach members and the called the of Therefore, sons God.

is pure. Christ as himself purify even I like in righteousness. would Church it not, us world because knoweth knoweth

in I so, pray that do Brethren, in may we as the of to found read words John not. the of sons are Beloved, now Him we

the third chapter of the First Epistle God, but it doth not yet appear what we the name of Jesus Christ our Lord.

of John: shall be, but we know that when He shall Amen.

JobsAnack, JwjUl. and. Ohaan, BROADCAST

to period from 10:30 theDuring Richard L. Evans: We pause once more (Organ presented "Trumpet Tune and a.m., the regular weekly 11:00

life Air*'—Purcell) your to of the hurried beckon from ways choral of broadcast nationwide

hills. welthe thoughts unto again we As in quiet raised are Voices Evans: now brief spoken comorgan music andand these of quiet within the peace and come you all as to the of Father supplication men the of part presented as Genment was the music walls, again presents Columbia choir the Tabernacle Condie and Richard proeral proceedings. This Conference from choir organ and the of Tabernacle us, Quilter: the "Lead sing by Roger hymn

is its thirteenth This City. completedgram, Salt in which Lake Square Temple world's us, the o'er Father, lead Heavenly

traditional this of the performance 690th broadcontinuous of nationwideyear us, us, sea; keep guard tempestuous Guide

the of West, the Crossroads from broadcast in this year, prescasting of was July us, help Thee."for but have no we of its year consecutive in fourteenth now orchoir theented Tabernacle and by Fapresented Heavenly "Lead (Choir Us presentation. nationwide courtesy thegan, broadcast through and Quilter) ther"by is choir conducted Spencer The by J. facilities the of Columbia Broadand modulated organ announcement (Without is at the Dr. Cornwall. Frank Asper W. netcoast-tocoast casting System's Asper) River,"arranged into by "Deep organ.

work, throughout the United States.

Isthe begin with cherished of David from These words Evans: We broadcast, written and announcedThe that of the inland the hymns text hymn recalled rael are a from TwentyoneWest—aof originated Elder L. Evans, Richardby called to has the purinto renewed shall ascend men and women fourth Psalm: "Whoin

station Salt City, radiowith Lake KSL, these past: in his decades pose shall "Come, stand many hill or the Lord? of who

and was presented as follows come, ye saints, no toil nor labor fear."holy place? He that hath clean hands, and

a pure heart; who hath not lifted up his soul

Saints"(Choir sang "Come, Come, Ye deceitfully."(Psalm nor vanity, sworn unto CHOIRTABERNACLE AND ORGAN Clayton) is setting A. musical by 24:3-4) The BROADCAST

is SmithJ. Jessie Evans sung and by Parks continue from Evans: Temple As we 10:3011:00 a.m. choir. Tabernacle the MWT to the solo place give voice of and Square we 4, 1942 October Sunday,

of its recalls organ, the from out sang of (Choir which King Glory""The

Choir hummed "Gently Raise the Sacred seventeenth century setting a "Trumpet Parks)

Strain"for announcer's background: Tune and Air"by Henry Purcell. (Continued on page 711)

IN HOLY PLACES By STEPHEN L RICHARDS Of the Council of the Twelve

Delivered at the Saturday Morning Session of the 1 13th Semiannual

General Conference, October 3, 1942, in the Tabernacle.

June I had the privilege of visiting Tn the Sacred Grove there comes to

INsome of the shrines of the Church, A one of faith, a solemnity and feeling places made sacred by memorable that are indescribable. It is believed

events in the history of the restored that many of the large stately trees gospel. I am happy to report that that gave shade and seclusion to the

wherever these places are owned or humble boy a hundred and twenty controlled by the Church they are years ago still live. Standing beside

maintained in good condition, creditable these ancient silent witnesses who to the great cause and momentous know the truth it is not difficult to sesignifi-things they commemorate. So confirmation added support cure and

is Saints everycant to Latterday conviction. That STEPHEN L RICHARDS and for testimony

shrine that a discourse might be built something which we call the soul of around each one. That, of course, is man responds to such an environment. linois has constructed a scenic highinfeasible, I must be content merely to His inner feelings are stirred, the spark way along the banks of the Mississippi.

give you a little of my reflection and of divinity within him is kindled anew, Nowhere is the view more impressive feeling as I came into the atmosphere and each one of the seventy persons than at the bend of the river where of these historic places. gathered together in a fiveand-a-halfNauvoo is located. What a thrill must

Many of them are in western New hour missionary meeting in this exhave come to Joseph and his friends as

York, centering around the city of quisitely beautiful Grove knew, as perthey saw this city grow with its lovely

Palmyra. The Prophet's boyhood haps he had never known before, that homes and business institutions, its adhome, the Sacred Grove, the Hill Cumthe experience of Joseph within these joining farmlands, its churches, schools

orah, scenes associated with the transwoods was actual, that he did behold and recreational facilities, climaxed by lation and publication of the Book of the Father and the Son, that he heard the milliondollar temple that symbolMormon, the Peter Whitmer home Them speak and that his incomparized perhaps more than anything else where the Church was organized, and able mission in life was divinely given the devotion, the sacrifice, and the true the site of the first baptisms—all are to him. faith of the Saints. Nauvoo is pretty

within short drives of Palmyra. Not Each historic scene brought similar much a ghost city today, but enough

far distant on the banks of the Susquefeelings and confirmation. There was remains to help us visualize what it was

hanna River is the area in which the rejoicing in our hearts as we contemwhen it was the largest city in the state

Priesthood was restored. plated the great labors and accomplish-—a bigger city than Chicago was. It

In this historic section perhaps nothments of the Prophet as we tried to died with the depredations of the mobing is quite so conspicuous and imreconstruct important episodes in his ocrats nearly a century ago and has pressive as the Hill Cumorah. Capped life. The supernatural translation of never revived.

by the beautiful monument which the the Book of Mormon, its publication, Carthage is only a few miles distant.

Church has erected, it is the outstandthe attestation of its divinity, the beIt was here that our feelings were most ing landmark of the countryside. A stowal of the Aaronic and the Meldeeply touched. The jail which for

welldesigned cottagebureau of inchizedek Priesthoods, the organization many years was used as a residence formation at the base of the Hill with of the Church with its unique and efhas been restored by the Church as beautifully landscaped grounds, a comficient government, the marvelous misnearly as may be to its original condimodious parking space for cars, and sionary work carried forward under his tion. It is now surrounded by lawn,

the illumination of the monument at direction, reaching out into most of the shrubs, and flowers, and a cottage for night which gives to it and to the statue nations of the world when travel and the keeper has been erected nearby.

of the Angel Moroni which crowns it communication were extremely diffiMany visitors come to this place. They

the appearance and atmosphere of an cult, the unparalleled accretion to the are taken up the narrow stairway to ethereal apparition projected high and Church resulting from the wide acceptthe upper floor where the mob ascended impressively into the night sky, all comance of the restored gospel by brave on that fateful June 27, 1844, to reach bine to make this spot a mecca for souls the world over, the inspired inthe object of their malice. Visitors are

tourists. When, as has been the yearterpretation of the gospel message with taken into the room in which the

ly custom, the missionaries stage a its new and beautiful concepts which Prophet and his friends were incarsacred pageant on the crest of the Hill, for centuries had escaped a professedcerated. They are shown the faint

representing figures and events of the ly Christian world—these and many trace of the martyred Hyrum's blood

past, culminating in the coming forth other comparable meditations filled our on the oak floor and the window of the new witness for Christ, and hearts with inexpressible gratitude. through which the Prophet was shot

when the trumpeters in the stillness of and fell as he gave himself to seal his the night, stationed at the base of the 'T'hroughout our visit, however, testimony for the cause he loved more imposing monument, sound their clarion there was ever a strain of sadness. than his life.

call heralding the advent of the new We realized that every accomplishIt is but natural, being in this builddispensation of the fulness of times, ment had been attended with persecuing and recalling the tragedy enacted thousands of spectators, gathered tion and with sorrow. This was partithere, that I should think of my grandfrom far and near, coming mostly out cularly emphasized on our way home in father. I thought of his devotion to

of curiosity, are hushed in speechless Nauvoo, Carthage, and Winter Quarthe Prophet, his offer to give his very and awful reverence for the sacred and ters. life for him, how he declined to part

mighty thing the representation porIt was inspiring to behold the magnifrom him even at the risk of great pertrays. ficent site of Nauvoo. The state of II- (Concluded on page 740)

LIQUOR, IMMORALITY, jcuuL OUR ARMED FORCES By DR. RICHARD R. LYMAN

Of the Council of the Twelve

Delivered at the Sunday Morning Session of the \\3th Semiannual

General Conference, October 4, 1942, in the Tabernacle.

How Unlike Christianity the use of liquor what they think of mixing alcohol and gasoline. unlike the teaching, Christian T-Tow

1 shalt A "rY\lon love thy as neighbor of God The Word RICHARD R. LYMAN thyself,"spirit the or immortal of the

Lincoln who "with malice toward none T atterday Saints believe the Book charity for all"and to settle undertook *"* of to the of be Mormon God. word the public statepress a appeared issues those great for thousands which This sacred record recently of revealed official recently ment our of from anIN battlefield. struggled the had on tells truth us the that has Himself Lord that this losing are Navy war we

this prepared of land as land a America those of under quotations each And it. thatand not do know we

all choice lands, that in other is above Strater the and the statement, Hotel If I express, therefore, rather some as this the inasmuch people land on say, America?"do you "What And thisintense feelings trying at terand keep is of the that the commandments Lord citizens the question I ask you rible time of unprecedented and war

shall (I they prosper. of 2:20) Nephi the States: United you do What bloodshed, forgiven. be I hope I may

land, the divine This says, record has say? things that to If I say be some seem

I people. provided righteous been for a citizen these American say As an critical, listen will be I hope you who

fill (Ether nation 2:7) whatsoever and statements that "righteous me with asserlook togood enough upon my shall it shall free possess from of be bondwrath"which Henry van Dyke tions charity with regard and them

free age, captivity free from let from speaks. and deliberation But us with suggestions. merely as

nations other under heaven conditions on conof the in our all examine some vears beloved ago many my A good will dition that the the people but serve today. country late friend, the put van Dyke, Henry

is this of land our and Lord God who his into enof hands one poems my of Repeal Christ. Savior Matter (Ether Jesus The 2:12)titled "Righteous Wrath."

stirring Alof the promises These the the years 1933, 1932 and Touring reads This poem ineffective to are the for mighty be reof people nation to our voted inof if kinds this hatred, are habitants as of the landThere only many many peal the Eighteenth the to Amendment fire; of kinds habitants people. are righteous a This of States Constitution the United and fatal fierce are with murderand someAnd land, says, the revealed been has word all to also laws. prohibition repeal our desire; ous preserved prepared and the Lord by

I I if unpatriotic to say Will be you ie craven, are vengeful, and some meanAnd that Himself (Ether and 2:7) whoso filled that this "rightaction sullen, with slow, me

it forpossess should "henceforth and that holds the hurt them more eousThey not wrath"? then people man did The living the serve ever"true must and foe. his hurt than they will of they repeal nor that ever law

will or they be "swept God away poison. alcohol which a makes is purifies the nature that hatred there yet aAnd in are iniquity.""ripened they when will did the then nor people they Nor heart: servask, are (Ether Let 2:9) me we the better the that against baser repeal of ever of anger law whichThe God living are ing the or true the and God part, says, for drinks are "Strong not good

in iniquity? ripening we the false, against the wicked, theAgainst man."

tyrant's sword, of love, and all that In those days the strategy of many Immorality and Our Armed Forces the enemiesAgainst political leaders of to be our seemed Lord. hate the

forces, of the in our KTTore armed men into that could ourselves drink we indignation, O flame of right-O cleansing said, are unrendered sobriety. it has the been mothers and Ask the

wrath, eous fit fight to diseases venereal because of fatherless the children of and in widows follow to feel soul a thee andGive me all together. other causes put than from lives the three thousand were whose path! thy

it is if for also seventythat said lost 7th at Pearl And Harbor December virtue, selfish arm from me forSave me fearless fight, that strategy was correct. Many of seven days after December 7 prohibiAnd give me strength to carry on, a soldier those three thousand, as I have been tion was in force at Pearl Harbor.

of the Right! told by soldiers who were there, were During the next thirty days after prohibition military killed discontinued of was by because bombs by our own in the Strater poster large a On for order, of arrests the inefficiency drunknumber of our which men, own I read the Colorado, of Durango,Hotel

at than enness inefficiency Pearl to the more of aluse Harbor was due was these words:recently

coholic beverages. Are the leaders of six times the average during the seven-

"We consider peace a catastrophe our nation and those at the head of our tyseven days of prohibition.

for human civilization."Mussolini armed forces today proceeding on the When I think of Pearl Harbor and

"We shall soon have our storm theory that we can drink ourselves into the American lives which that disaster troopers in America."Hitler victory? Alcohol and war will not cost, I am filled to overflowing with

"I am looking forward to dictating mix any more successfully than do that "righteous wrath"of which I have peace to the United States in the White alcohol and gasoline. Ask the loved spoken. Let me say with J. Frank

House in Washington."Admiral ones of those thousands who have lost Hanley, I bear no malice toward those

Yamamoto their lives on our highways because of engaged in the liquor business, much

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

less toward those young men who, in the hearts of thousands of the young it. Prohibition demands an administrasociety, by example or otherwise have and of the old throughout the country tion that will enforce it.

I drink, to taughtbeen hearers to their but the and a clearer do hate gave and Prohibition Laws Not Automatic

I traffic.liquor citizenhates virtue vision it as hate Christian of true a bigger

vice, as truth hates error, as righteousPVuty and patriotism today demand *"that by legislation or otherwise weness hates sin, as justice hates wrong, ship.We have now unsheathed the sword

as liberty hates tyranny, as freedom of the United States of America, and do something to protect against themhates oppression. I hate it for its inwe have carried into this great world selves our fine and innocent young men,

tolerance. I hate it for its hypocrisy. conflict "the only flag in all the world especially those who are serving as

I hate it for its commercialism, for its that has never known defeat."To soldiers of our country. When in a

greed and for its avarice and for its complete the mighty task to which we doctor's office the father of a young sordid love of gain at any price. I have set our hands, to make the future man was informed that his son had a

hate it for its domination of politics; I better than the past, to create a better venereal disease, the father let loose

hate it for its corrupting influence in world in which to live, "America needs his uncontrollable temper and berated civic affairs and for the cowards it every man at his best."Daniel A. the boy because of the boy's condition.

makes of public men. I hate it for the Poling says that whatever makes for Soon, however, the tables were turned,

load it straps on the back of labor and physical incompetency is an enemy of according to the doctor's story, so for the wounds it gives to genius. I the state. He says a moral incomthat the father was seated, and the boy

hate it for the multitudes of human petent cannot be a good citizen, an inwas standing. It was then clearly

wrecks it has made of men of outdustrial incompetent cannot be a good evident that all the temper in the family standing ability and promise, for the citizen, a political incompetent cannot was not in the father.

prisons it has filled, for the insanity be a good citizen, and he adds that the "Who is to blame for my condithat it begets and for the countless liquor institution is the supreme tangible tion?"shouted the boy. "You are old

graves it has made in potter's fields. I foe of the state because it is the supreme and I am young. You knew and I did

hate it for the mental ruin which it impositive promoter of physical, moral, not. You had the information and I

poses upon its victims and for its moral industrial, and political incompetency. was in ignorance. You are the father

degradation. I hate it for the crimes He says, "Millions of citizens, men and and I am the son. Why didn't you

that it commits, for the homes that it women, immediately vital to the nateach me, why didn't you warn me, why destroys, and for the hearts that it tional and world program of this redidn't you protect me! I didn't know

breaks. I hate it for the grief it causes public cannot be at their best until the there was such a thing in the world

womanhood, for the scalding tears of liquor institution and the evils conas this disease. You are the one,"

women, for their hopes deferred, for nected with it are destroyed."Alcoshouted the boy, "that is responsible

their strangled aspirations, for the hol was once regarded as a food, later for my condition."No nation can enburden of want and care which liquor as a stimulant. All scientists agree todure indefinitely with a manhood afheaps upon them. I hate it for its day that alcohol is a narcotic. Its efflicted with venereal disease and the

heartless cruelty to the aged, the infects upon the human system are the liquor habit. The great need of our

firm, and the helpless. I hate it for the same as those of ether and chloroform. country is spiritual awakening. While

shadow it throws upon the lives of Alcohol, a poison, is the greatest phyour motto is, "In God We Trust,"yet children, for its monstrous injustice to sical menace of the human race. Who as Babson says, World Wars I and II

multitudes of the blameless little ones. would care to converse even with his have come about because the leading

"I hate it,"concludes Frank Hanley, "as best and most intimate friend if that nations during the last fifty years have

Abraham Lincoln hated slavery.... friend were drunk or even tipsy. been trying to get along without God.

And I sometimes seem to see the end of If this war is to be fought to a finish this unholy traffic, the coming of the Another Drink of Whiskey it will end only when we repent of our time when, if it does not wholly cease The only thing that a drink of whiskey sins, readjust our wasteful standards to be, it shall find no safe habitation ever suggests is another drink of whiskey. of living, and once more make God the

anywhere beneath Old Glory's stainless Whiskey never suggested to a drunkard that Eternal Father the ruler of our homes, stars."he buy shoes for his children or furniture our schools, our businesses, and our

for his house, but it has suggested to creanation.

"On Fire for God and for Right"tures,from theoncefeetmen,of theirthat babies,they takethe thefurnitureshoes Have We Forgotten God?

from Linour Civil Abraham War, their scantily supplied house to buy Touring that great "Flying Squadron"HPhe whiskey. more difficulty with the great coin said all visited state in every the Union,

of the states'capitals and many of the Prohibition is patriotic because it has our country and our people was, "We other important cities of our country proved itself to be a true friend of had forgotten God."In a modern rein the latter part of 1914 and the belabor and a true friend of capital. Rome velation to you and to me and to the

ginning of 1915, delivered stirring addid not die for lack of college and pubpeople of this generation the Lord, dresses in two hundred fiftyfive cities lic games, for the want of culture and speaking through the Prophet Joseph in two hundred thirtyfive days. These refined society, or because she had no Smith, has said, "Behold, the world is

addresses were heard by a million peoarmy or no navy. Rome died when ripening in iniquity; and it must needs

ple, it is said. Their slogan was, "We she rotted at the heart. Rome combe that the children of men are stirred

stand for the abolition of the liquor mitted moral and political suicide. up unto repentance."(D. & C. 18:6)

traffic. On this issue we fight. WhenSaid Poling: Let us therefore as a nation return to

ever a politician or an executive of- I fear no yellow peril, I fear no foe that church, let us partake worthily of the ficer or a political party prefers the may embark from a foreign shore to do us sacrament of the Lord's Supper, let us liquor traffic above the public morals, hurt. I fear only the foe from within, this come into closest possible communion

such men must be set aside and such shackler of bodies, this impoverisher of inand cooperation with God, the Eternal parties abandoned. To the accomdustry, this moral despoiler, this corrupter Father, and pray that freedom and libplishment of this high purpose,"they of government which is called alcohol. erty, that gift of God by us so highly

said, "we dedicate ourselves."And may we ever remember the sad prized, may come to all the people of all

This group of sixteen speakers of lesson our country has learned that nations of the earth. And I pray humbly

commanding eloquence and personal statutory legislation and constitutional that we in this land, choice above all force were all "on fire for God and for amendments are helpless in the hands other lands, may be a righteous people the right."The name of President of unfriendly and indifferent political who deserve the blessings the Almignty

Heber J. Grant might very appropriateadministrations. To our sorrow we has promised to those who love Him

ly be added to this list of distinguished have learned that prohibitory law is not and serve Him and keep His commandprohibitionists, for he and these other an automatic machine. A tool must be ments, and I do this in the name of

unselfish and effective workers gripped used. An ax calls for a man to wield Jesus Christ. Amen.

"right hand man."Like a flash from

the sky came the Prophet's thunderous reply: "God is my right hand man."LEADERSHIP We can not attain leadership unless

we seek help from the Lord, unless we spirit cultivate Again, of prayer. the By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE in its the world be would let me ask,

Of the Council of the Twelve present state of bloody confusion, if its leaders had sought counsel from the

Delivered at the Sunday Morning Session of the 113th Semiannual Lord?

General Conference, October 4, 1942, in the Tabernacle. The truth that Joseph Smith promulgated, the instructions he received

from heaven, were applied in the spirit of love for humanity. That was a

further mark of his leadership. He

recognized that all are children of the ear Brethren and Fellow WorkEternal Father, and to that extent diers: vine. He was ready to afford all men

allotted the During time salvation. rights the equal me I on way to

his liftshouldD like to call himself to did not above mind some fundaHe mentals of leadership. brethren. He had seen the Lord and

Nearly every member of the Church, had conversed with Him; he was a

at one time or another, is called to some prophet; he was the president of theofficial Church position; but here are Church—nevertheless he was but asassembled the present Priesthood leadone with his brethren—a member of

ership of the Church. In our hands, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterwith the willing cooperation of the day Saints, striving and struggling for

membership the Latterday Saints, lies, salvation. In him destroying pride was

in large measure, the future of the swallowed up in lifegiving humility.

Church. We may retard or accelerate Arrogance was absent from his private

its progress. The Lord has given us a or official actions. Such forgetfulness

great trust. of self, such love of his fellow men

The Church of Jesus Christ in these made him a powerful leader. If we

for he which for battle cause the wholatter has great leaders. days had

successto his life desire become gave Smith toFrom Joseph Grant Heber J. brethren ful our love leaders, must wethey have their In been mighty men. gentle sisters, and courteous be and theyday suffered persecuhave may them. with be them, one The must withtion derision; the and but with process he that his in diary records Prophet theof years they to stand have come in arrivals told Nauvoo: some new figures, giganticas of the acworthy

claim of all who love righteousness. I was but a man, and they must not exThey are fruits of the spirit of the gospect me to be perfect; if they expected perpel of Jesus Christ. To follow the exfection from me, I should expect it from

amples of these great leaders is to make JOHN A. WIDTSOE them; but if they would bear with my inour own leadership more worthy and firmities and the infirmities of the brethren,

powerful. I would likewise bear with their infirmities.

all (D. C. 5:181) of truth of the members H. by Love

Smith, Christ under Joseph Jesus to 1942, has 1830 is Church, made from thisthe of the of dispensation head leadership. creates attitude an Such truth of love mighty; the and Church

gospel. tender him bore and To we restless "the resulting love quiets esThe to it will to us enable obedience and

touching tribute yesterday. He was tablish on earth the kingdom of God. pulse of care"in our human relationindeed a leader of our emulaworthy ships. world's the shall truth achieve By we

tion. leadership His with conbegan a leadership. final the test the Prophet met Joseph truth. lovesuming of Indeed no man fidelity. the leader, of that of was He safe be leadercan a not love does who history reveals of 'T'he Joseph Smith to true the cause represented. which he

alltruth else. truth above words The A it. further a did of for not pretend himself gave man Almost who He lightand appear the as reappear and to of the everything. every fourteen years he not day know was He hisfoundations of teachings. would He of the presided over opinionated. sufficient one Church was not unto was He innot that darkness. walk knew He toil, often of pain But, sorrow. himself. and limitations the of knew He light truththe of night banish the would diligent, to is he dependable, continued is be die. to born anman That who error.of his Truth measuring was ever the the considerate welfare of of other his leadership. his of In markrod, therefore he not could and would people. In the the of he needs eager Church for the boyhood, longed he when political, social,not support cause, any himself. forgot the to Opposition truth religion of to the he went Lordor commercial, did not square which his visited for help. usually in Church was age he upon and power, grew As

is truth. possiblewith never There a Fifty times head. with charged he continued he to help the seek was Crefrom untruth. withcompromise Truth must falsely offenses, ator of as the earth record shows, and man. praywas He leadsever leadership be or obeyed,

erful. for guilty. In life his he the never found record of was He we differentdownward. a world we What jail. in foul spent again, read "I again of a months and enquired was He

ifshould leaders the of have today life the place to in driven his place from Lord."robbed conand a There was

first truth theirnations love had made his stant possessions. material of help. for outreaching His divine name He

it. surrendered toand Prophet had The truth, evil"for the of the source sought became and "good knew known and

his for truth, passiondeclared and the falter. over. refreshment at the fountain world head. PerBut he did not He

truth, to in a gloriouspower of answer cities built temples; sonal opinions fought the apparently and and he even the

a correspondent: needed help of living men were set battles of the Church; he surrendered

I combat the errors of ages; I meet the aside when the Lord spoke. James his own comforts for the benefit of the

violence of mobs; I cope with illegal proArlington Bennett, recently baptized people; he taught them everlasting

ceedings from executive authority; I cut into the Church, but without the spirit truth. When at long last the enemy

the Gordian knot of powers; and I solve the of the gospel, desired to help the threatened to take vengeance upon his

mathematical problems of the universities Prophet out of the difficulties of the people, if he would not yield himself with truth—diamond truth. (D. H. C. 6:78) day. He offered to be the Prophet's to men of the law who were untrue to

the law, and because some of his own people were seized by fear, he said, "If my life is of no value to my friends it is of none to myself."And when

he accepted arrest he said to the company who were with him:

I am going like a lamb to the slaughter, but I am calm as a summer's morning. I

have a conscience void of offense toward

God and toward all men.

The words of a worthy leader!

He suffered a martyr's death. He PRESIDENT GRANT AND MEMBERS OF HIS FAMILY AND MISSIONARY GROUP IN JAPAN.

was true even unto death.

that not require does Lord The we \\ // in this livesgive for the our manner cause of truth. Yet, every man to betrue to his calling in this Church must STRANGE LANGUAGE

possess the spirit of devotion and sacrecent article reproduced in the rifice, of diligence and dependability, October issue of Reader's DiBy RICHARD L EVANS of love of man and God, which engest invites attention to the diffi- A his seal to testimony the Prophetabled culties qualifinding of are those five, difficult diswho the undertook and its in preshis blood.with Humanity fied to decipher decode Japanese and that couraging study with of Japanese

is travail calling utterent sorrow and than documents. one hundred Fewer persistent determination has which

risingfor leaders, above who, human article, persons, are the life. says such all activities his of known the marked

to selfinterest, true arediplomacy and in this to available is country. This be after inscribed with page Page

truth, cost. atthe of cause any us of President reminds the pertinent comment phrases to and words

experiences Grant's with the things Japanese Church and to the commonplace followT eaders the of example who language. passing of the day, the opposite Jap-"receive Smith great Joseph rewards. earlier In going equivalents, over her father's written recanese sometimes

life. find daily in joyThey in visions The recently ords, Rachel of alphabet Taylor our Grant symbols sometimes and

theirs. areof heaven they win And in also characters. a the Japanese and muchworn came For muchused upon

disciples. Others, witnessing their in that lesson willto-do the dates unforgettable papercovered an notebook backlives, to seek follow them. Brigham visualize to in sojourn to only one President needs Grant's Japan. this man incessant boreYoung to the testimony

faithfully age, in energy, givIn it middle or pages, of are a hundred morejoy of disciple being a of Smith; Joseph trying, settling to so ing and painstaking the care a task evidence of down his dyingand were, words "Joseph,

it earnestly. fortypursuing so with Grant, past President whichJoseph!"Taylor, with John Hyrum

Smith and Willard Richards, dared death in Carthage Jail to be with their THE REPRODUCTIONS BELOW ARE EXCERPTS FROM PRESIDENT GRANT'S JAPANESE NOTEBOOK.

leader and brother. The lives of Wil- -:,....,,:,;;;:-.::::;-;.:: -:-;--:.: \.'::::'::;"-..'.'::!:.: jf '7$&Kffi

ford Woodruff, Lorenzo Snow, Joseph

F. Smith, and Heber J. Grant, judged

by the marks of leadership, conform to % P*%t4*> the Prophet's life. Love of truth, of

God, and of their fellow men, and an unquestioned, unselfish devotion to the latterday work of the Lord have characterized the actions of these men. To

follow the examples of these men is to achieve leadership. r e

In our respective callings, in stake or ward or in the Priesthood quorum, the signs of leadership which have marked the great leaders of the whole Church, will mark us as successful leaders.

Leadership is in essence the same wher- 'Wjf %, ever applied.

That which makes a Church official a leader may be used by any and every member of the Church in winning joy in life. It is equally important for the

whole membership of the Church, if znJHStfi we are to be as a light upon a hill for the guidance of the nations, to love truth, to go to the Lord for help, to recognize the divine kinship of all men, and to be obedient and dependable, true citizens of the Kingdom of God.

We have a great destiny. We are

commissioned to bring peace and happiness to the earth, to lead the world from error to truth, from darkness into light. In that sense we have been called

1tsL-3-ito be world leaders. For that calling (S&-*'<?*>- tyyA4>>-t At&A-v

let us prepare; let us build the Churchwith courage and faith toward perfec- -

tion, until the time when the reign of righteousness shall be ushered in, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

I 7l

PRIESTHOOD ACTIVITY

By DR. JOSEPH F. MERRILL

Of the Council o/ the Twelve

Delivered at the Saturday Afternoon Session of the \\3th Semiannual

General Conference, October 3, 1942, in the Tabernacle.

brethren, may I say that as President evils of drink. They are openly, in

Clark indicated, any family that does these trains, everywhere drinking their not communicate frequently, weekly, he liquor. Now the conditions that presaid, with its member, is failing in its vail in the camps, the cantonments, and

duty. Any quorum, we believe, and any the places where our boys in uniform

bishop at the head of the priests'quorum are working and training, are the conwho does not write or have letters writditions that are set according to the ten monthly on behalf of the quorum standards of a sinful world, and our to the ones that are absent, is failboys are there. Will we try to help

ing also in his duty. Brethren, all we this situation? Will we try to get those

JOSEPH F. MERRILL need to do is to travel about the counboys—and there are hundreds of them

try on the crowded trains, keep our who have returned from foreign miseyes and our ears open, contact men sions—so impressed that they will feel

listhere, in here their and missionary uniform and to continue obligated is gaththis remarkable aBrethren, our of stories those the to of ten living to the teachaccording by work

I first ering, the that have known the in been camps have boys the of standards ings Church? own who and We in the of history the about Church

it with are that faced these to boys this, brethren. do must know must do We generala session of conference a comtrying, situations tempting, more fail in more duty. or a

the of entirely leaders of theposed before severe, ever they than have more

I all that of in us say here the and stakes and may wards Now,Church lives; in their quofaced and any would

absolutely, in the Priesthood undoubtedly quorumsMelchizedek know know we of man, permit member any any rum is that this absolutely, larger the of the percentageChurch. Perhaps a work assistthe without to be that quorum,

If it officers the lags, Lord. the than are here these ofof work Lord named ofIf give? the that can ance quorum

is in are lagging because before. duty. ourever we fail that in seeing ficers of quorum any

If it fails, is the of the bework Lord

I if, in of is failed in opinion, that one recently done, have they asked was my fail fail cause in to our duty; but we I believe. verily duties, theirthe Priesthood quorums Melchizedek

is in to the in our duty something do progress. took making Thatwere me

light is that of positively our testimony in forty thirtyone to this heard afternoonback have about memory TUe ridiculous, perfectly absolutely absurd, vv seventy, asyears a a when, ago I memmissionary say, work. May is foolish; this to that the of know work the different of one quorums,ber two all brethren, are called to misbe we is the the that plan teach and Lord we of of which SeventyThird Quorum sionaries. the of members The Church will that celestial plan the into the lead also Albert SmithBrother George all was called are missionaries, to not be

if it follow the unto very kingdom we felt doinga were member, when we necessarily we to give protime our to deliberately, end, then and through our if full seventiesour met as duty we claiming of the the word, message foolishness, through our weakness, and our a withonce month quorum is the defined as which Mormonism, indifference, step our aside through in classthere the participated work its restored in of gospel Christ Jesus that plan, path, the of thus out from and lines B. President furnishedalong by fulness, are but called to be upon we celesinto our the admittance endanger have Since Roberts. dayH. effective we missionaries the perhaps and

tial therefore our endanger and kingdom to long have agone come way. it is effective missionaries possible most Wethat achieving the will great that reward we activappreciate that Priesthood means be, to for lives in us true being our by

if is faithful, receive to true are and we is a organization a quorum is faith the this to that profess, and weity—that in light rationthat of the something do in together of brethren bandedgroup thing. not bean easy never Perhaps

is ality perfectly that absurd, knowing things, to to study not merelyorder do in fore the of history the family, human is true. brethren, But, the gospel we in things. foremost standabout the has We tempter as had such he power in temptation. are of a world must not We faith will that aloneadvocating has today. before, cernever Perhaps

is live get idea that not to easy an aresave. no necessary, and Works I tainly since not anything have known to teach. according the plan be weit To full Priesthis in can dutyman any do I believe, history, about the moral have

if will sure, followed, plan teach, the we in official, capacity, orhood member standards the of people so low, become joy, satisfaction, yield more more more sit his is content to onany quorum who as judged standards our our and by life in real other; pleasure but than any listenseat only. be on must and He points as are of view, they today. You it isn't yet, that easy must remember wehis toes things. doing It trains. travel to the about used be on live that plan, of environto our because

if that retired to I thrilled the thrilled one he wanted smoke with and was temptations, ment, beof because our certain certain compartments, this to First of Presidency themessage cars, cause of our weaknesses.

certain places in the train. it as delivered Nowadaysmorning by Presiwas

dent Clark. There were some things in it doesn't make any difference where I pray God that He will help us

there relative to Priesthood that are you are, the air is blue with smoke, men that He will strengthen us, will give us dear to those that are trying to help and women alike puffing—mothers, wisdom and strength and courage andPriesthood quorums in their work. Presgrandmothers—I have seen them all that we need to keep us active in His

ident Clark referred to the family, what mothers with small children puffing towork, that we may realize the joys that it should do if it had an absent member bacco smoke. It makes you sick. And come to us as a result of obedience and

in the armed forces of the country, and what else do they do? Brethren and faithfulness, and I ask it all in the name

he referred to the quorums. Now, sisters, President Clark spoke of the of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Tabernacle Choir andOrgan Broadcast REDEDICATION (Continued from page 704) By CHARLES A. CALLIS

Religion On Trial Of the Council of the Twelve

President Evans: We live in a day

when every standard of value is being challenged, and religion has not escaped Delivered at the Saturday Evening the challenge. Perhaps this is because Session of the 1 3th Semiannual Genmen have asked too much of religion eral Conference, October 3, 1942, in

and too little of themselves. Many have the Tabernacle.

supposed that a mere creed or code of belief, or statute of doctrines and dogmas, would take the place of selfeffort and selfmastery. Some have known

the law but have not lived it. Some

have not even bothered to know the mental, essential unit of civilized solaw, but have left such knowledge to ciety. For the instruction of our chilothers, and have worshiped once redren we are depending too much on our

moved, if at all. Some have placed Sunday Schools, Primaries, and other

convenience above truth. Some have auxiliary associations, yea, and on the

permitted manmade sophistries to day school. We are willing that our

supplant the revealed word in their children should receive instructions, thinking and in their living. By some much of them unknown to us, while we

it has been supposed that religion was sit placidly by in our homes, and feel a system whereby men could have set that the teaching of our children, thrown aside the consequences of their own onto other shoulders, is a relief. This

is the in disaster. will home end The the false philform ofdoings—another

is and character formed place where for of getting somethingosophy nothing. And so, perhaps we should where faith in God is strengthened.

determine once and for all what we may Let us not delude ourselves; let us not

rightly expect religion to do for us, and lay the flattering unction to our souls, then judge its effectiveness or ineffecthat if we complain at rulers and leaders tiveness by that standard. It should not our duty is ended. Before God every

be expected to give us ease without efCHARLES A. CALLIS father in Israel is a ruler in the sense of

fort, or knowledge without study, or the Lord's definition of the spirit of the in histruth without search. We should not Priesthood. A man is a ruler

expect it to offer reward without work, Throughout the precious message house, and he will be held accountable peace without repentance, blessings we received from the First Presifor the manner and the character of his without obedience, or exaltation heredency, the spirit of Isaiah and rule. If in justice and love and patience

after without justifying our existence Jeremiah, like a golden thread, was in he exercises his authority, having revhere. The Savior of the world gave us evidence. A true prophet is never erence for the dreams of youth, there

an indication of what we should expect popular, because he reproves and dewill be no need for so many public exof religion, when He spoke of the "wise nounces, with equal vigor and equal hortations on the Word of Wisdom, man which built his house upon a rock impartiality and justice, the iniquities of for liquor and other forbidden things and the rain descended, and the floods the rich and the unrighteousness of the will not be found in the home of "one came, and the winds blew, and beat uppoor. that ruleth well his own house."I beall evils of lieve that are a family. Imfell that not."house; theon But and it there troubled In this hour solemn and

is to drunkenness. morality brother a built the foolishhouse of upon was man for the people everyurgent need is an

the sand, "and it fell: and great was the where to rededicate themselves to God, With firm assurance we will magnify

fall of it."(Matthew 7:2427) The home, and country. The world is wanour calling and rededicate ourselves to

implication is plain. The floods and the dering in the wilderness because it is not the service of God. The General Auwinds came alike to the wise and the baptized into the obedience that makes thorities of the Church, stake presidents,

foolish. the onslaught, righteous stood dominion, one bishops But hold and free. been walking have men We

it. fell that is the other beforeand the dominion, of God, under awful hand And as confidence, with proudly, assumed

what we should expect of religion—not though we were on adamant or the and to Him they are accountable for

that it should spare us the varied exfoundations of the world. Really we their overseership.

periences of living, but that it should have been rolling along on parchment God bless our country. God bless

help us to understand them and sustain beneath which glowed a lake of fire. our homes. In properly conducted

us through them; help us to grow beLo, we have plunged into the inferno, homes the children are builded up in

yond them, and prepare us for yet greatthis terrible inferno of war. character, in faith, in the principles of

all things. theer escapes gospel. the such nation in which No A rein Israel, ruler the great Joshua,vicissitudes has in he shall glory increase training abounds who of life—butman this in himself "Choose dedicated way:isolated spiritual himself delight under- a from such of to day. from day The

will serve;... but ye you this day whomstanding, the frequently breaks in will blood, under nation shedding not be

strain, and is brought low in the anguish as for me and my house, we will serve not to conquer by might or physical

If this the Lord."nation would refresh his bitternessof blindin the and in the the but to conquer world power, own

if the this reconsecration, its soul with his see.ness to of lines along the spirit of Christ of justice own unwillingness

But this uncertain groping and sense of world would awaken and free itself and mercy.

defeat are they spared whose lives have from the fearful enslavement of sin, then And in the love of Christ we will walk been shaped by the principles and powthe peace of Christ would dawn upon under His banner and bring souls unto of killing instead men, world, and the religion,er of pure is nigh, and glorious and coming whose Him undefiled—by other, love and save would each truththe everlasting things of both preswill reign of kings as King their he and Lord

ent and yet to come. brothers. of lords. This is my prayer in the name

(Concluded on page 712) As I regard it, the home is the fundaof Jesus Christ. Amen.

MMUTABLES By ALBERT E. BOWEN

Of the Council of the Twelve

Delivered at the Saturday Evening clouds on Sinai. They can no more

Session of the l\3th Semiannual Genbe violated without disastrous conseeral Conference, October 3, 1942, in quences than one can violate any law governing in the physical world withthe Tabernacle. out being visited with the inescapable

penalty.

S I listened to the powerful message A of the Presidency, delivered this morning, I was impressed with the importance that of idea. that From mesin- for The Commandments, Ten if sage, it, were attentive to we we stance. cannot be abrogated They learned that as to basic is things there the without abrogating of moral order middle ground. no live Either we by the the shaking world, founvery down or them the pay penalty of we dedations civilization our which upon parture their from inexorable comrests. life set the forth of law They mands. are not subject They to modiand never be can or outmoded rendered fication or interpretation, but stand

life endures. of obsolete while are They as given, wholly to in be accepted whole

just as force binding as they today much lived and completely.

were on the day when they were spoken with the voice of thunder out of the It is the same with the basic things upon which we have rested our faith.

Either a thing is, or it is not. To illustrate: This Church is founded upon

Tabernacle Choir and theSon propositionof God, thatthatthroughJesusHisChristmediationis the

ALBERT E. BOWEN Organ Broadcast itmortalitybecame andpossibleeternalforlife.us toWeattaincannotim-

(Concluded from page 711) deviate from that. He is the Son of the

Living the of author God, our salvamodulated organ announcement (Without tion, and be in must accepted light that the into the and Great Wisdom it "How every hear said, day we solely completely.Almost and whole The Mclntyre) by it, or that read living are in a Love"we structure of our revolves Church own

I changing world. don't believe the and Great Evans: Wisdom fact. that basic "How about that the say We of themany people that use phrase who just the spoken the was Love"hymn now of in heaven came answer God downhave clear very any idea organ. the the of Tabernacle about voice by what to the prayer of that a and boy He

it.they It mean by sounds good, brought close with these from a personage And valleylands Him we now whom toseeming imply penetrating a insight of the the choir as mountains takes the as son, introduced up His and He comHeinto the portent the of times, no matter of that march moving a the compels hymn that manded praying to hear boy His

is nebulous or heartshow of the thinking cherished the and muddy men world Son. of out the teachings And which

it over: Christianbehind Soldiers."is it be, "Onward so freely may used. given, then were and followed up by

But I don't want to talk about that. (Choir presented "Onward Christian Solsubsequent instructions, this Church

A companion phrase is that we can't diers"—Sullivan) was established. Now, that admits of

explanation, no ofgo modification. never no things back to go back—we'll (Choir sang "Gently Raise"and organ Eitheras those things they before. happened were or Well, they the man modulated into "As the Dew") did not is finds happen. finally himself Therewho middle no hanged the on

gallows is the man who, when he got Evans: This Sabbath Hour from the ground; and if they did not happen then

started off wrong, wouldn't go back. Crossroads of the West is ended. Until we we have nothing, because our whole

thoughts beckon again your structure that asjudgment is that upon get whenMy we this be with you may peace fact.started untoday—andthe hills,alsumed fact, accept it the on as a the and wrong sooner way is foundationedWe ways.

it, not turn temporize may try with to we better. the backwe whole The

doctrine of repentance assumes a turn- (Pause) explain it away, modify it, or liberalize it. It about stands theing as thing basic right. back to from wrong

traditionof these 690th the This has been is faith upon which our whole founded.

I al the don't broadcasts, into presented each that, But by to want week go our belief of whole system exacts And its affiliated stations and network Ieither. Columbia to merely remind want you of us that accept those truths, basic we the from Tabernacle Temple on Mormon allthat, in amid the changes everan without modification or change. As Square.changing there are world immutsome the with moral order of the so world of the seven another happenings Whenable things not which change. do They things those not changed. be may They the into patthemselves days have wovenare as steadfast and the unchanging as are binding as life, today as they the tern when were spoken of music word andheavens, the are which same now first at as will Square from declared be heard again the Temple voice of by out God first the looked outwhen man upon originating this with next Sunday, hour same the of heavens, will they and never

the basisthem. are of the moral They City. in Salt Station Lake Radio KSL change.

order of the world which is the foundaThe singing of the Tabernacle choir was tion upon which our civilization itself conducted by J. Spencer Cornwall. Dr. May God grant that we may hold

is built. The task of today is to preFrank W. Asper was at the organ; the steadfastly to them and that we may

serve, though all else change, man's alspoken word by Richard Evans. order our lives so that we shall not find

legiance, unshaken, to those eternal This is the Columbia Broadcasting Sysoccasions to depart from them, I pray foundations. tem. in the name of Jesus. Amen.

REMAINING STEADFAST By HAROLD B. LEE

Of the Council of the Twelve

desire to bear my testimony to you Delivered at the Sunday Morning that I know that we are engaged in Session of the 113th Semiannual Gen-

I building up the Kingdom of God eral Conference, October 4, 1942, in on earth and that the teachings of the the Tabernacle.

Church are in truth with fulness of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ restored to the earth in these latter days. That

testimony is strengthened as I observe the influence of the Church in the lives finds expression in the army song they sing, in the These, "We're Now."Army today.of our young men and women

freare the observed, ones that was strong it is it that, having, we are What in overcoming temptations and personquently yield to the enticing invitations al difficulties, and having not, we are that induce to harmful practices and afraid, weak, and an easy prey to the vices and are encouraged in their intemptations of the world? dulgences by the "Eat, drink, and be

Often during the past few weeks I merry, for tomorrow we die"philoshave asked myself that question, durophy frequently expressed by men in the services. armed timeing an opportu- I have had which

In one of the army camps we visited HAROLD B. LEE Latterto visitnity of our young many

day Saint boys in military camps in on the west coast, we had met with a company with Elder Albert E. Bowen group of our boys to consider what portant work there; so I have overof the Council of the Twelve and Presthe Church might do to provide macome the fear of death and am better

ident Hugh B. Brown, and to inquire terials for use in religious services and prepared to go into the army than I

after many others whom we were not to aid them in making proper social would have been without my missionprivileged to see. There I observed contacts with organized branches of ary experience."

many of our young men who were the Church adjacent to the camp. After In my heart I said, "Thank God for

meeting the problems of their strange a prolonged discussion of these matthe seeds of the teachings of the gospel environment with great fortitude, and ters, a young captain in the group made planted in the hearts of the youth of were optimistic and hopeful. They this remark, "To my mind it's a quesIsrael that build a faith to fortify themwere maintaining the highest Church tion of spirituality—if a man lacks that, in times of danger, adversity, and tempstandards. They were applying themthen there is little gained by anything tation."

selves diligently to the business of you try to do for him; if he has spiritSometime in his youth, and through

military training and were steadily aduality, then he will be all right whether the experiences of his mission, there vancing in rank. They were seeing in you do little or much."had been burned into the heart of that

this experience a great opportunity for What is meant by spirituality? The young man the truth that if he was

missionary work among their fellow dictionary defines it as "the faculty that purified and cleansed from sin he could soldiers. They were seeking out other gives a feeling of confidence; sense of ask whatsoever he would in the name

Latterday Saint boys to enjoy with the spiritual; belief in divine things; an of Jesus and it would be done (D. & C.

them, whenever possible, the sweet inclination to interpret prospects of 50: 2930 ) and that the Spirit of the Lord

communion of a sacred hour spent in promise in one's own favor."would not always strive with man; and

sacrament meeting or in a study of the I found out two weeks later what that when the Spirit ceased to strive gospel in a Mutual Improvement orspirituality meant to that young army with man, there came speedy destrucganization. During their leisure hours captain when I met him on the street tion. (II Nephi 26:11) He had learned

when on leave of absence from camp, here in Salt Lake City, and learned that that if he were wise and had received they were finding social relaxation in during a short furlough prior to his the truth and had taken the Holy Spirit wholesome associations and seemed to leaving for overseas duty he had for his guide that he should not be be little affected by the tawdry and brought his wife and family with him hewn down and cast into the fire, but cheap entertainment that beckons in the to the temple where, by the authority should abide the day. (D. & C. 45:57)

vicinity of nearly every armed camp. of the Holy Priesthood, they were The scriptures had taught him that his

sealed together in the everlasting covebody was the temple of the Holy Ghost rpHE thought has often been expressed nant for time and for all eternity. He which was in him, which he had of

that the discontinuance of sending was living with "an eye single to the God (I Cor. 6:19) and that whatsoever

of young men into the mission field unglory of God"to lead him through this temple is defiled, God shall destroy that til after the war would result in great trying war period. temple. (D. & C. 93:35)

spiritual loss to the Church, but after One who has a testimony of the

Church—manyseeing the splendidof themyoungreturnedmen ofmisthe "D ecentlyman returningI had a visitfromwitha amission.young purposetrials of oflife lifeas opportunitiessees the obstaclesfor gainandsionaries—and the Work they are doWhen I asked him what he thought ing the experience necessary for the

ing in armed camps, I am convinced had been the most important thing he work of eternity; he sees death as one

that upon their return home the Church had gained from his mission experience, of the greatest experiences of life. One

will receive a great spiritual uplift as he replied, "I expect shortly to be of the saddest things I see as I travel these young men bear testimony to the drafted for army service. I have gained throughout the stakes and wards of the

guiding hand of the Lord in their pre- a testimony that if I live a clean life I Church is occasionally a person who servation and of the good that they will be entitled to the companionship because of a little wordly learning or were able to do. of the Holy Ghost that will warn me wealth has come to think he has outOthers there were who were melanof needless danger and keep me safe grown the Church and the faith of his

choly, and discouraged, who seeminguntil my work here on earth is comfathers.

ly had yielded to the deadly fatalism all pleted. Also I have gained a testimony To one who has high spirituality,

too often found among soldiers. These that life on this earth is but a preparafaith in the gospel and in the doclad adopted a sort of indifference and tion for eternity and that if I live trines of the Church supersedes scientian "Oh, what's the use"attitude that worthily, after this life I will have im- (Concluded on page 714)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

(Concluded from page 713) with the preparation of the gospel of drag you down to the gulf of misery and endfie theories and the philosophies of men; peace,"and those who lose their loved less wo, because of the rock upon which ye

is built, a sure foundation, a which the are will the Moroni, activities faith of supplant ones havePriesthood quorum if build foundation they canwhereon men declared, of the army, captainservice clubs and Church who and lodges;

fail. not (Helaman 5:12) righteous suffereth the the responsibilitiessocial Lord recreational "For and

come before fraternities and sororities. to be slain that his justice and judgment And again in another place we are

Security that comes from the brothmay come upon the wicked; therefore ye counseled

are the righteous that with oferhood not suppose quorum a Priesthood a need learn remember, wisdom son, and O, my of the living are slain; but behold, and membership lost becauseChurch they learn in youth in thy thy youth; yea,

the Church standards is valued above they do enter into the rest of the Lord keep the commandments of God. to

a fancied security that is purchased with their God."(Alma 60:13) * * *

wealth or political prestige.

The spirituallyminded seeks the Tt is my conviction that the present devCounsel with the Lord in all thy doings, will for yea, direct good; thee he and when *respect the of in which highminded astating of scourge war who obey

lie liest the at night thou unto down down slain,the law, being revere are of thousands and who hundreds womanhood in that Lord, he your over watch you mayvirtue of responsible purity encourage and are no more many of whom risest sleep; the in morning thou and when

thought and action rather than cater to for the causes of the war than are our let thy heart be full of thanks unto God;

the applause of the tipsters who secretown boys, is making necessary an inand if ye do these things, ye shall be lifted ly despise the man who thinks and acts crease of missionary activity in the up at the last day. (Alma 37:35, 37)

below the standards he professes. spirit world and that many of our boys

When prospering in a material way, who bear the Holy Priesthood and are The time is here when we would do those with great spirituality show apworthy to do so will be called to that well to sing again the song that compreciation to God to whom they are missionary service after they have deforted the pioneers of a former day:

indebted for all that they have, by a parted this life. Think not, when you gather to Zion

thrifty, frugal husbanding of their subThe Lord, ever mindful of the welYour troubles and trials are through stance and by extending generosity to fare of His children, has, through His That nothing but comfort and pleasure in for waiting you. Zion Arethe the to unfortunate according laws prophets, given to wise counsel as the

'tis furnace, as designed no; a No, in rather indulging thanof the Church, rock upon should which anchor men

all try, texture to substance, All living prodigal riotous reckless,a as a lives. their

all the stubble. hay, burn and wood, To

in the of defiance both of laws God purify. dross the gold from The sons, remember, now, remember And my deadversity In not does he man.and

it that of the rock is upon our Redeemer, fails not his ofspair; fiery does the he survive furnace bank when we May is Christ, that the of God, Son who must ye his lives suicide; true to he whatabove judgment provecommit and God's build that foundation; devil the your when

his is all that test with shall he does of usworld, ever and be and made shall his forth his yea, winds, send mighty eye ever fixed upon the goal of eternity. shafts in the whirlwind, yea, when all his abide the day of the second coming of

If face to face with death, such a one hail and his mighty storm shall beat upon the Son of Man. I humbly pray in the

will not fear if his feet have been "shod you, it shall have no power over you to name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

10. We'll be prepared to help teach

others in this great work. Thissunswih)qi may take place in our daily activiWhy Every Individual Should Be 5. The more we know about our antiesteaching.in life as well as in classroom

Active in RecordMaking cestors the greater our desire will be to make sure that their temple Suggestive Helps for

By Nellie F. D. Hanny work is done. Family Reunion Programs

place ourselves asked is often questionHPhe in the 6. We in tune with By Nellie F. D. Hanny the desires of our ancestors. should "* stakes and wards: "Why

I bother to keep a family record and be 7. Research and record - making 1. Reports and instructions on reinterested in research? We have a awaken us spiritually similar to search and temple work should be

family genealogist or my aunt or cousin the doing of temple work. (See taken up at the beginning of the

is devoting much time to the keeping Brother George F. Richard's conmeeting while all are interested and

of our family record."Because of the ference talk in May 1942, The children are quiet.

frequency with which this question is Improvement Era.) 2. Help the family to know their livasked, I thought it well to devote a 8. No family genealogist is perfect ing relatives and their ancestors

ward class period to finding the answer. nor has access to all materials. If better through:

The following outline thoughts are the all members of the family under- a. Picture exhibits, with oral reresult of the class discussion on this stood research and recordmaking, ports or written posters.

subject: they may at sometime find some- b. Skits or pageants arranged

life will stories thing the of ancestors. family from which make children help know their my 1. To

c. correct. stories record Faithpromoting complete and from more of responsibility ancestors. (A

lives the to ancestors. Pictures lead someus of a. Travel might family) every

thing not previously found. By may be used.

2. Individual happiness derived from knowing our people and their d. Original songs, poems, stories

pedigree, family one's knowing will records able to recor handof a display unusual be we and in meeting records, and group the value. or material either of ognize ancestors of work, We'd

living with the with conversing living. interested. be actively

whom we are related. b. Our knowledge might help cor- e. Honoring a living member each

3. That our interest in research and rect errors in our present famyear by bringing before others

temple work be increased, and that ily records. his achievements in life. By

we perform our individual re- 9. We'll be more fully prepared and knowing the good deeds of othsponsibility and keep the comhumbled to receive divine guiders we are encouraged to try

mandments in this duty. ance. The hearts of the children for the best.

4. By doing so we gain knowledge, cannot be turned to their fathers 3. How about a family motto for the

even "hidden treasures of knowlif they do not know who their living which will serve as an ideal edge."fathers are. toward the living of a good life?

SON A DREAM COME TRUE HOUSEWIFE IN WAR TIME

By Helen Mating By Uua May Carter By Ida Powell Brown

will ne'er of dreams, I know, my today. tasks old, familiar I the done in things see you with your SomeTenderly I've

true, come clothes are out shines, and the house small hand The to this will, I'll still have But come what to dry; heart them. about question Your meTo

say: the fence, violets watered while I understand by must And

historic in that place, sat I have by. droning shining love plane go a I watched mothers earth's beauty, and things ThatHow

that mighty orheard bowed, and Head like rock and bloom, little crib, his play: in sleeps sweetly gan son My children bring into a other treasuresAnd

left to do, nothing that I have now And. room.

Soft door. kitchen that tells a tale of dreams, melody beside I stand, bemused, my

Once upon a June day it was a fledgling Triumphantfulfilled. strains proclaiming dreams It'syou.spring, my darling, and I'm missing bird;

that of throbbing notes speak wonDeep, it softly to the kitchen with broughtYou is fall green. last little trimmed hedge we The faith drous word. spoken gay. so in look tulips and bloom, are all The strive has do and and work God To it fed old eyedropper and found anWe last just planted the I've lawn raked we willed. gruel; milk and

year. it left its stronger wings were whenAnd today. I alone, I'd be I could I know see could closed almost eyes, and How my "flying school."for

built sacred that Pioneers Those who that our son yet, so march may you And place, in found heather one day frozen bee youA sleep sacrifice toil faith have and and Whose fall. in fields sleep, wave may and peaceful His reared

it. laughit to breathed thaw on YourYou grain. with efface. will ne'er time that monument A I recall ter fresh the new have that go, may we You

it its gaily took buzzing and beganWhen grass all tells if I to that organ wonder to wing again. to live bloom trees apple may And faithful Pioneers, of story those The I all listened to after the morning youAnd left trust, the they heritage faith and Their more planes silver once fight, may sing. that You in true coming be must which we To

fly years. land of a progress for the large deepvoiced I see you, andTenderly peacetime, In

in size... That must be free, to teach a crippled world

Within, a small boy lingers with wonder These precious words—United now we

in his eyes. SELFRIGHTEOUS stand.

By Florence Hartman Townsend

little faults clean, IRONING THE TABLE CLOTH so MY CAPTAIN I tookAnd launderedout all mythem

By Rebecca Engels And hung them in the sun By Janice Blanchard ship a needs steady hand press it to takes half hour an QuiteMY Where they could all be seen. it through the wave, To guide too, laundering; neighbor, was My cloth, linen white long My to heart understand line.A knowing the faults hung on Her pattern grows the damask while And I ports crave. foreignThe I wouldn't though have you tell, And froth iron, a the Beneath

You are the Captain of my ship Her faults are worse than mine! Of halfelusive memories

night: that to Recall me life's sea; sails uponAs it stare did so she she saw when Why voices, I laughing the again hear trip, it each steer out uponYou fair? faults small and so My candlelight, the See it for safely bring me. homeAnd pat, faults give her a little And served the food smell almost we And

air? prideful sort of a With it safely through else bring could perfection.) turned out roast (TheWho

The windtossed billowing sea, Full half the joys of dinner come

Or keep it on its course so true From pleasant recollection.

With such integrity? THUNDER OVER THE CITY

By Ernestine Mercer WINDING ROADS BEFORE HER GAZE ngrily parting the dust, the rain

Strikes down in lines of cellophane, By Lizzie O. Borgeson White By Alice R. Rich A

Loses its temper on flat tin roofs, Winding roads obstruct the view of

Before the first faint streaks of gray break Beats them with thin, metallic hoofs. dangers lurking ahead;

through They also gradually unfold the beauties of

The dark, her busy day is well along. Towers and domes that had shared the sky's the paths we tread.

A great love, born of willingness to do, grace

To give and serve, wakes in her soul a song All at once flatten in silvery space. Winding roads—secluded nooks—sacred

That lifts her far above the common tasks shrines wayfarers find;

That fill her hours. Before her eager gaze Creation undone, it is chaos once more They hide from view detours and pitfalls

She sees these babies at her side and asks The elements fuse in a crackling bright roar. travelers leave behind.

Fulfillment of her hopes in future days.

With skilful care she guides unsteady feet And then, for all the asphalt and glass, Winding roads bring changing scenes to

And gently moulds her children's yielding One is suddenly conscious of grass. wanderers on life's thoroughfare:

hearts Dark stretches from a lack of hope, while

To fit them for the tasks they needs must faith reveals broad vistas fair.

meet In life. Her recompense, the active parts Winding roads of life portray deepest joy

They are prepared to play in strength and and keenest sorrow;

pride. The view we have of life today will seldom

In them her womanhood is glorified. be the same tomorrow.

THE GENERAL'S BOOTS By RICHARD BALL he "Muchasshouted again.gracias,"MuchasSenor general!"gracias!!

I do like you say!"

Then he hurried off, grinning, his awkward frame creating a shadow eral noticed a streak of red on the which momentarily blacked out each sidewalk. Closer observation showed row of flowers. The general gazed

that it was blood. down at his gleaming boots, then at

The lines in the general's forehead the streak of blood.

deepened somewhat in a statement, tart as a communique:

"Your foot is bleeding."\Jn his way towards the

"No matter,"the young Mexican post office to mail the package in looked up with a belittling sort of his hand, he found the streets smile. "Just a leetle cut. It do that crowded. Everybody looked happy.

all the time. I no mind."The leisure of siesta—the pace of

"But it's dangerous. Don't you commercial life. One could take his

know that? Where are your shoes?"choice. The general stared in a winThe lad reddened at the general's dow at some curios. One nicknack

demanding question, but remained he particularly liked. He started to

silent. He slapped more polish onto go in, then hesitated. The officers

the shoes, spanked them again with had a sense of humor, he realized, the cloth. but not all of them had an artistic

The general's solemn, grey eyes sense.

seldom showed amazement, but they Passing a small drug and confecdid now and that gave way to an tionary store on the corner, he outburst of thoughts... No shoes? glanced briefly at the counter. The

The army was wellsupplied. No shoeshine boy was inside making

shoes? And this a land of plenty! a purchase, his feet still bare, one

The boy continued his polishing crudely bandaged.

with undiminished zeal. The genThe general met him as he came

eral wondered if he would ever out with a package.

finish. Startled by the tall, somber figure

*JP'M barked."That's enough!"the general younghe didn'tMexicanexpect tojumpedsee again,slightly.the

He took in the streak of blood Then a slow smile revealed large once more as though officially. Then teeth.

militarily erect, he reached for his "Where are your shoes?"the gen-

-Lhe brigadiergeneral wallet, removed a fivedollar bill, eral frowned, staring at the flat packwas in an irritable mood after finding handed it to the young Mexican, age- a present for his boy. So when the "Gracias!"the boy swallowed, "I going to get them now,"the

general sat down on a wellshaded crumpling the bill which was soft in boy said, nodding, but it wasn't a bench in an El Paso park, he didn't his moist hand. convincing nod. His dark eyes

look cheerful. On the contrary, he Then, lifting his brown eyes, big seemed to roll backwards as if they

looked downright angry. with excitement: wanted to retreat from the inquirer

lad the with Mexican The tall "I have to go cross street, get attack, not so much from—retreat shoeshine thought have box must change!"lips general's tightas fear. The

so. He stood, staring cautiously at The general shook his head. ened.

the sulking, handsomelyuniformed "I want you to get a pair of shoes "You have the money?"he surfigure before he asked: with it,"he said. "A good pair!"veyed the young Mexican severely,

"Shine, Senor general?"Methodically, he took out a linen, a stern huskiness in his voice.

The general's quick nod was cold initialed handkerchief, wrapped it "Si, Senor!"

but affirmative. The boy opened his about the boy's left foot. The general stared at the boy's

small box, set his apparatus neatly "A cut is dangerous!"he frowned. restless hands seemingly belying the

on the sidewalk. Removing the lid "Don't you know that? You might assertion. A cold, cynical smile from a can of polish, he generously get infection! Buy those shoes—uncurled the rough edges of his mouth.

coated his customer's shoes, spankderstand!""Well, then, let me see it!"

ing the leather with a cloth until it His voice was firm, his stare an The boy reached into'the pocket sparkled in the extravagant El Paso order, as he rose from the bench. of his worn corduroys, then withsunlight. The lad gaped at the fivedollar bill drew it hastily, his lips paling a bit

The young Mexican was largeas if he might have received a hunas he selfconsciously cleared his framed but slender. His physique dred peso reward for the capture of throat.

showed the rapid approach of man- a desperado. Excitedly, he nodded The general's eyes forecast the

hood. Unmanaged black hair flopped to the general. fury that men of his brigade knew

over his forehead in long, tasslelike "Si, Senor!"preceded a tonguelashing.

curls. Quickly, he tossed his articles "It is gone!"he nodded, bristling.

As he shifted his position, the genback into the box. (Concluded on page 729)

band to report that the German Minister had sent a dispatch about it to Bismarck."

The humor of Ybarra makes this a deQycthsL iBooL dlaxJc lightful introduction to the Venezuelan scene and the character of our American neighYOUNG MAN OF CARACAS bor.—M. C. /.

THIS DAY—AND ALWAYS (T. R. Ybarra. Ives Washburn, Inc., TOBACCO AND HEALTH

(Richard L. Evans. Harper & BrothNew York, 1941. 324 pages. $3.00.) (Arthur H Steinhaus and Florence M.

Association Press, New York, ers, Publishers, as Grunderman, Elmer Davis who have known New York and Those 35 cents.) 1942. 48 pages. 1942. a staid London. of the reviewer $1.50) will be news

delightfully surprised at his introduction MEMBERS of the faculty at George Wil- 'his book is scheduled by the pubto this equally delightful autobiography. liams College, the authors are trained

lishers for release in early DeAnd those who think that New Englanders in the fields of physiology and biological cember. A more adequate review of are those staid people who think no world science. Although qualified to speak authorit will appear in a later issue. We exists outside their rocky land are due for itatively regarding the effects of tobacco on

have seen the galley proofs, however, a shock, because at times, they are jogged health, they do so only after painstaking that will and a popular be know tabuanalysis. careful and experiment The boulders as exbe may

to to send book and is keep effect awayit presented of results tobacco's at loose—eventracted their lated from are, they when thehills—and

It is the home. second of volume activity, ulcers, to stomach relates store. It great things as it in are Mrs. Ruswas Temple Square sermonettes—a comsell, Bostonreared, who introduced the heart rate and blood pressure, diseases, athpanion book to Unto the Hills by the Massachusetts turkey stuffing "in such letics, vision, nerves, maternity, cancer, and same author—and contains most of superlative excellence as to cause her huslongevity. M. E. S.

those comments on life which have been heard during the nationwide

Tabernacle choir and organ broadcasts for the past three years. The

youth of a troubled generation—and

all who must meet the pressing issues of each day will find comfort, advice, clear thinking, and inspiration in Day—And Al- "90l, Mm. WkuwskuA. everyways.—M.line C.of /.This

AND NOW TOMORROW StotyJutlsh,!"

(Rachel Field. Macmillan Company,

New York. 1942. 350 pages. $2.75.)

The wandering minstrel, the story tellerRachel Field has endeared herself to old American readers, both and young, of old, was welcome at every fireside.for she has maintained of standard a high

writing in her work for adults and children.

It is with genuine regret that we say this Today as yesterday, the story teller is the is her last book. Even before this book

was officially published, Miss Field had center of the world.

passed away.

It fitting is entirely that this should be Enrich and enlarge your stock of storiesher Into song. swan she has this novel

challenging some of the problemswoven from:

of the presentday question the America:

of the newer immigrant, the question of capital and labor. But with all of her interest in these situations, Miss Field has The Voice of the Intangible $2.00

given her readers a gripping story, unfolded through the life of the heroine whose life Pioneer Stories 1.00

was drastically changed because of deafness resulting from illness. M. C. J. Boy's Life of Will Rogers 2.00

Sir Wilfred Grenfell... 2.50

UTAH SINGS, II Grenfell, Knight Errant of the North 2.00

Volume II of Utah Sings, state Lou Gehrig, Quiet Hero... 2.00

verse anthology, will be dedicated to Harrison R. Merrill and Elsie TalBoy Scouts Handbook... 50

mage Brandley, coeditors of the first volume. When it was published in Patrick, Son of Thunder 2.00

1934, they were editor and associate editor, respectively, of The ImproveTree Toad... 2.00

ment Era. Mr. Merrill was also professor of journalism at Brigham Send cash with the order and we pay the postage.

University. Young Add 2% Sales Tax in Utah

volume, which is expected The new to be off the press December 1, will All prices subject to change without notice.

contain 370 poems by 152 poets. It

will be bound in green and gold. Dr.

Carlton Culmsee, professor of journalism at BYU and president of the of is editor. League Utah Writers, Deseret Book Company ediassociate Josephson, Marba C.

tor of The Improvement Era, is one 44 East South Temple Street, P. O. Box 958

of the board of consultants.

Innovations in Volume II will be SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH a section of religious verse, with poems for several religious occasions, "The Book Center of the Intermountain West"and a section of verse for children.

BKurcfilovesThe=o1053October Conference made a microphone available for every nion in honor of Captain Mervyn Sharp

P\iSTiNGUiSHED as exclusively a Priestsection of the tabernacle. Conference Bennion, who was killed in action at

* hood officers'gathering, the 113th gatheringsentyfifth anniversaryincidentallyofmarkedthe completionthe sevPearl Harbor, December 7, 1941.

general ofsemiannual conference Progresses Work tabernacle, the the of first used Mural which was Saturday convenedChurch Sunand Falls In Idaho Temple in for conference 1867. October,

4,day, in the tabernacle October 3 and in Salt Lake City. Temple Square was Design Approved for Interior finishing work on the Idaho

publicclosed to the of both days. Cards Sunday School Monument withFallsHarrisTempleT. Weberg,is now Saltin progress,Lake arissuedadmission previously to had been

the following representation of the Although the design has been aptist, painting the murals in the first ordiPriesthood, numbering well over eleven * proved by the general board, the nance room.

plaster cast Fairmade by Avard the Authorities,thousand: General

shaft the B. Y. U. Marks prepared, a granite banks, and presipresidencies of stakes, former

dents of stakes, patriarchs of stakes, erection of a monument commemoratFounder's Day high councilmen of stakes, presidencies ing the first L. D. S. Sunday School Ctudents of Brigham Young Univerof high priests, elders, and seventies has been postponed until after the war. *"* sity celebrated the school's sixtyis to at First erected be The monument bishopricsquorums, wards, mission of 16, Founder's seventh October on Day Streets, South Third and Westpresidents, presidencies, temple but ceremonies, parades with Salt not and

site City, the of founder Richard presiLake ofdencies independent presibranches, in harvesting crops working and elseby first Ballantyne's the Sunhome, wheredents of branches. dependent shortage the labor where was where 9, 1849. School met day December his This eightyapproaching month acute.

sixth birthday, President Heber J. Another Pioneer Passes

Grant attended and presided at all President Grant five conference sessions, all of which A nna H. Lambson Vincent, age 102, Visits Southern California

residents, oldest died Utah's of one President conductedwere by David O. "accomGrant, Heber President J. 4, City. in Salt She October came Lake President Clark,McKay. Reuben J. family, his of panied members by in to as 1862 covered by wagon Utah read the First Presiof the Jr., message

left 16, City, for a October Salt Lake first convert. her experiences of a One the at opening ( see meetingdency page

trip to vacation southern twoweeks'in for preparing the food was Utah President Grant's686). message was his visited California, daughhe where Salt the Temple. on workers She Lake Presidentread O. David by McKay ter, Blair Isaac Mrs. Evans. later to a operated Arizona and moved ), ( see page on mornSunday 685 who

ing was also heard over Columbia's railroad construction camp boarding Monument Dedicated

Church of the Air (see page 690) imhouse. She was active in the Relief Sodedi- Pioneers Taughters of Utah ciety charter of the a and was membermediately following the traditional

*- at the the site of cated a monument Pioneers. of Burial Daughters Utah Choir broadcast,Tabernacle which

formed part of the Sunday morning sestook place at Beaver, Utah, her home Old English Fort, Fortyseventh South, sion. Proceedings of both the Saturday for about forty years. and Redwood Road, in Salt Lake City

and the Sunday morning meetings were on October 18.

Mission Argentine Former station radiobroadcast over KSL. Dormitory Space President Returns at interest to the Church large was Of Y. U. Added at B. session at ofthe the sustaining opening former pres- S. Williams, "Prederick

Professor Joseph F. Smith, head of the ident of the Argentine Mission, ac- 'T'he art gallery, museum, and adjaspeech department at the University of companied by Sister Williams and their cent class rooms in the Education

Utah and lineal descendant of Hyrum four children, returned to Salt Lake Building at the Brigham Young UniverSmith, as patriarch to the Church, a City by air on September 9, where they sity have been converted into a dormiposition only temporarily filled since visited a few days before returning to tory to house eighty women students.

1932. (See story page 694) their Phoenix, Arizona, home. PresiArrangements were also made for

A fast and testimony meeting Sunday dent Williams had been in office since dormitory space for one hundred men afternoon concluded a conference July, 1938. students. Both dormitories were ready

which will be long remembered by those President of the Argentine Mission for use at the beginning of the current who attended and partook of the outis now James L. Barker. autumn quarter, September 25.

pouring of the spirit on that occasion. Salt Lake Theater Norfolk, Virginia,

by was administeredThe sacrament the Relic Goes to Scrap Church Location Authorities unGeneral of the Church cenVirginia, naval great Superintendent Norfolk, of Sunday /eneral A t direction theder immediate of the Counter, conducted S. services are turned *"* L. D. Schools George D. Pyper presi- -* cil of the Twelve. High priests

dents and many bishops also assisted in a fivehundred-pound metal lamp post at 245 W. 28 Street. Elders Bruce M.

the passing of the sacrament to the enwhich was a part of the old Salt Lake Gibson and Charles J. Wilson of the

this call States Mission Central into salvage camEast the national tire of Theatre congregation of men—bearers

attention 18. of the to the many address September paign onthe filled the TaberPriesthood—who

nacle. This meeting began at 12:30 Elder Pyper, who for many years members of the Church who have come

noon Sunday, and concluded at about was manager of the famed old playto the area to work in defense indus- 4:30 p.m., after many had expressed house, saved the lamp post when the tries and of the many others in naval

their feelings and borne witness of the theatre was torn down in 1929. service who are constantly reporting

power of the gospel in their lives. The in Norfolk. Late Honors faciliNavy these testimonies hearing of was President Grant Tells Captain Bennion skilfully multidesigned a tated by

microphone pickup installed by the TThe first of six units comprising the Beet Sugar History

KSL staff under the direction of Brother Farragut, Idaho, naval training Tn a Columbia Broadcasting System

Melvin Wright, which arrangement station has been named Camp Benprogram September 26, President

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

Heber J. Grant described his experiInglewood Ward, Inglewood Stake, John Freedom Ward, Star Valley Stake, Reyences in aiding the establishment of A. Garrick succeeds Joseph E. Wilson. nold F. Robinson succeeds Henry Luthi,

the beet sugar industry in Utah. Malad Second Ward, Malad Stake, Wildeceased.

Stake, Ontario Bernardino San Ward, Servoss. liam succeeds Thomas Guy W. In the interview Colconducted by Finlayson E. succeeds Frank Howard J. Branch, Maricopa SpanishAmericanumbia's editor, farm Charley Stookey, S. Porter. Jarvis succeeds Stake, George Lyman J.President related that unsuccessGrant States Branch, Junction Grand Western Shreeve.ful Mission, succeeds attempts to Carl T. William sugar manufacture G. Davis beet Stake, First Mt. Jordan Sandy Ward, Gardner. 1 at inhad Philadelphia been 836, made Isaac Crapo. Sorenson succeeds Clement J.

and again at Northampton, Mass. Ruth Ward, Nevada Stake, Owen WhiteThe Mormons made their first athead succeeds Evan I. Despain. Those Who Have Passed Away

tempt in 1852, when President BrigHighland Park Branch, North Idaho Falls D. J. Borup, president of the Boise Stake

lightkilled priests'quorum, by was succeeds Snarr Stake, Abner J. high Wylie President hadham Young Taylor John

of bishop in a former ning was May. He Millward. Gwynnepurchase of $12,500 worth machinery

the Rupert SanWard. North Pleasant North Ward, Mountin France, brought which boat was by the of Jorgensen, member succeeds George Aldrich M. pete Stake, Orange M.

enterpriseand to Utah. team ox The council, Boise Stake high and Boise Stake Petersen. Jewell M.

was intended to be at Provo, but before Pegram Branch, Montpelier Stake, R. work director, died in July.

the machinery was delivered the comEarl Sorenson succeeds Herman K. TeichJames T. Hammond, Sr., eightyfive, a

pany had gone bankrupt, and the propert. member of the Utah Constitutional convenerty was turned over to the Church. A Hibbard Ward, Rexburg Stake, Ervin tion, and Utah's first secretary of state, died

factory was built at what is now SugarWiddison succeeds Lehi A. Keppner. October 9, at Salt Lake City. He had

house, where syrup was made for sevTwenty-ninth Ward, Riverside Stake, served a mission in the Southern States in a his death he the of 188182. time was At Glen S. Burt succeeds N. Owen Catmull.eral years, failed but the project bethe of trustees of the Utah of board membercause could molasses not be the raw College. Agricultural State

converted to sugar.

In 1891, the first beet sugar factory to Radio Bible Dramatizations English Horn Pipes be built by American workmen and "Otories from the Living Placed in Tabernacle Organ *-'withequipped maAmerican-made radio a Bible,"program English solo seventythree-pipe A builtchinery Lehi, at Utah. was that attention of merits the people * insection recently has been horn a concluded with program The Friday, everywhere, Octobegan Salt in stalled Tabernacle the Lake of discussion currentroundtable prob16th, over 7 to from p.m. ber 7:30 the direction of organ under Toron- J. J. inoflems leaders the sugar beet by station City, radio Salt Lake KSL, will It is section to. that the believed

dustry. will heard Friday each and be for organists great deal used at be a by

Excommunications theturedsamewilltimebe a forcastoneof playersyear. Feawho grams.solo work, especially on radio proTThe following excommunications bring understanding and sincerity

have been reported to this office to their portrayals. The series Reuben D. Law Gets

during the past month: also includes majestic choral renBoard Reappointment

ditions that of cenanthems were Livingston, Kenneth born Edward May of professor T"\r. D. Law, Reuben

turies16, old Christ 1916; born. excommunicated at Feb. 17, 1942, when was education at Brigham elementary StatesPortsmouth, Mission. Northern In these stories are and romance

University, has reappointed been adventure, Livingston, tragedy, Sarah Tussey born drama, huYoung Jan. Dean the of Deseret the general to board10, 17, at 1893; Feb. excommunicated 1942, truth mor, pathos, that is strangUnion. SchoolPortsmouth, Mission. Northern States er and far more thrilling than ficSunday

appointed Originally a year ago, he William Livingston, 28, 1885; born July tion.

excommunicated Feb. 17, 1942, at Portswas released to become a member of a

mouth, Northern States Mission. stake presidency. Recently he was rePorter, Livingston Apr. Ruth born Jane that leased position because he from Santaquin SantaquinSecond Ward,

17,23, 1913; 1942, Feb. excommunicated at Tintic Stake, stake. E. the Chatwin Thomas from succeeds moved

Portsmouth, Mission. States Northern Melvin Openshaw.

Deichmiller, 7, born Joseph John Nov. Capitol Hill Salt Buildings Dedicated Stake, Ward, Lake Ray Church

in1909; 13, 1942, excommunicated Aug. G. succeeds Iverson. Grant Wood

111., Feder- S. at Ermita, chapelSo. States Mission. Northern D. An L Smithfield Smithfield Third Stake, Ward,

Inez 6, Sept. born Penrod Welsh, ** Edna dedial District of Mexico, was L. succeeds Toolson Vern Hooper, Douglas

4,1903; 1942, excommunicated at CenMay 2, cated Anderson, Lorenzo deceased. August by

tral, States Mission. Northern Ohio, Whitewater then Mission. of the Southern president Arizona Mexican Ward,

Clair Patterson, 1, 1913; born Aug. Edwin Stake, Alva Porter Rich succeeds Loren combination Fernando San The in 4, Central, 1942,excommunicated May Ivine Dillman. tabernacle Stake Burbankand Ward StatesOhio, Mission. Northern St. Ashurst Stake, FreeJoseph Ward, 13, dedicated chapel by September was Wattis, 23, born Dec. Bybee Martha Ann land Clifford succeeds Farrington. Moody J. the of Council Richard Dr. R. Lyman 17, at1862; 1942, excommunicated Aug. Southern Tucson Stake, Arizona Ward, the of Twelve,Riverdale Stake. Lakeview Ward, B. A. succeeds Kimball Gordon PyLeRoy of the 10, chapel 1919; Branch Efraim born Montrose Mar. Amara, no The per.

3,Priesthood; 1942, Sept. excommunicated dedicated States Mission was Sevier Stake, Sevier WilWestern Ward, South

at Mission. Chimal, Mexican 21, Charles A. September by Elder liam A. Delbert succeeds Robinson James

17, Sept. 1910; Francisco Sandoval, born Levi. L. Callis of the Twelve. Council of the

in 8, Sept. 1942, elder; excommunicatedan

LaLibertad Br., Mexican Mission.

Brigida Belmont, born Oct. 8, 1922; excommunicated Sept, 8, 1942, in San Pedro,

Mexican Mission. MISSIONARIES.

Elders John Rowell, Bishops, Presiding GabrielFrederick Mes, Angel,and

Elders Appointed shown with President

during from left) Alberta Stake, Edward ond Ward,Kimball Don B. Colton (secstay at the fourday a succeeds Gerald Lowe. L. Woolsey Missionary Home

LeGrand Ward, Bonneville Stake, Harry Salt Lake City beforein

W. Madsen succeeds Herman G. Karpoforleavingthe Septemberfield. ISwitz.

Fayette Ward, Gunnison Stake, George

Edwin Mellor succeeds Ray Bartholomew.

dii&uaL Jivd yiatablsL (Inmv&MahisA, afice,biologicalpatience,process.painstakingIt is alove,lifelongand soundsiege teachingof sacripouR-scORE years and six! A long life crowded both by precept and example. The traits of charwith useful toil and good deeds! Such will be acter which early become evident in a child are

President Grant's record on November 22, 1942. frighteningly persistent, and if you want to make a

Sixty years an apostle! (October 16, 1882 to noble and useful man you must begin by making a

October 1 6, 1 942 ). The first man in this dispensanoble and useful boy. If you want to make a virtion to hold the apostleship so long in mortality. tuous and lovely woman, you must begin by making

And every day one of service to the Church and a virtuous and lovely girl—and it takes more than

his fellow men! food and clothing and shelter, more than four walls

He stood as the unquestioned leader of the asand a roof and a name, to do this thing.

sembled Priesthood officers of the Church (6000 or This isn't a new idea. It isn't a product of

more were present ) at the late General Conference. modern psychology. It was a wellestablished prinHe was improved in health, clear in mind, an inciple many centuries ago when the writer of Provterpreter of the Lord for this generation. It was erbs, reputed for much wisdom, expressed the

good to be in his presence. thought in these words: "Even a child is known

Latterday Saints everywhere, and many not of by his doings, whether his work be pure, and the faith, unitedly congratulate President Grant whether it be right."( Proverbs 20: 1 1. ) And helpupon the anniversaries of his birth and ordination, ful and indispensable as they are, it isn't the schools

and pray that his days upon earth may be long exthat are going to make a righteous and noble gentended, and that he may find continued joy in the eration. No teacher can do what a parent has failed

labors of his high divine calling. to do. Such work must begin long before the

unpicture the school enters must continue and A. W. God bless our President!—/. so the walls homes, within of sanctified ceasingly

JhsL Pjcrf/riaAcfL to Uul Qhwidc that, in the words of David of Israel, "our sons

HThe Latterday Saints rejoiced to learn that at may be as plants grown up in their youth; that our

the last General Conference, the office of Patdaughters may be as corner stones, polished after riarch to the Church was filled. the similitude of a palace."(Psalm 144:12.)

Joseph F. Smith, who was so sustained, will do And so, as we send our children once more to

honor to the office. He will use his fine training, school, there must be no feeling that they are now

winning personality, and abundant faith, in calling a public charge and that we are relieved of resuch is not the case and never can down the blessings of heaven upon the people. In sponsibility—for

character expect high people any be among who his veins runs of the blood martyrs dared who generation. L. E. in the nobility coming to and R. lives truth. their for will give his remember He

heritage stand as a father and with a father's blessGa* OnsLin. SfuJdL his lips to the Increasing ing upon whole Church.

power will come to him. The members of the "pOR the second time in our history—as we did last

Church will pray for him at their firesides, and the May The Improvement Era is making availLord will sustain him in his ministry. able to its readers everywhere throughout the

The Church welcomes Patriarch Joseph F. Smith Church all of the discourses delivered at the geninto the councils of the A. XV. eral sessions of the General Conference. Priesthood.—/. While the Tabernacle and Temple Square have

been filled to overflowing many times in past years, in J/uu/l Ifoidk!'ofnumericallythe Churchnohasgreateverpartbeenofablethetototalbe inmembershipattendance

As we send our children off to school, there to at a general conference—even though it may have

spend many of the hours of their lives, many seemed at times, by the sight of the throngs and by parents are suspected of unburdening a sigh of rethe inspiration of the occasion, that the whole lief. We are busy people, we parents, especially Church had been gathered as one. Although this

these days, and with the great pressure of life upon has never been a physical reality, those who atus, too many of us fondly suppose that when we tended the sessions of the conference just past were turn our children over to the school or some other gathered together as one in spirit and in purpose, public agency, our responsibility ceases. Nothing as the message of the First Presidency and the

could be further from the truth. counsel of all the General Authorities steadied the

Too many of us suppose that it is quite all right course and pointed the way for the days of life to let the children grow up in their own waythat we are now facing.

that wrong tendencies, resulting from early neglect, And by the printed word, and by the spirit of may easily be corrected when they get older the messages the Priesthood representatives will that, after all, they're only children and there is no carry back to their wards, to their quorums, and use worrying about these things too early in life their homes, it is fervently hoped that the Church no use crossing bridges until we come to them will be gathered anew as one in its living, and in its when they are more mature in years we can more acceptance of all of the fundamentals of the gospel easily shape their attitudes, and teach them to be of Jesus Christ, and all of the counsel that comes what they ought to be. Such is the false reasoning from time to time through an inspired leadership

that is altogether too prevalent. for therein lies the safety and security of this people

This business of being a parent is not merely in this, our troubled day. R. L. E.

(1897) 45th ANNIVERSARY ISSUE OF THE "ERA"(1942)

imply action, a battle for triumph over enemies without and within.Evidences and The conditions which enable man to win eternal

life are included in the plan of salvation. In fact,

the Plan is but a series of invariable, unalterablereconciliations laws, obedience to each of which increases man's power to triumph over evil. That means that

there is knowledge to be acquired ( Teachings, p.tix. What jla, thsL Tyhamn

297 ); principles of action to be accepted; ordinances

to< be received {Teachings, pp. 12, 331 ); duties to

be performed through life; and the complete ac-

"Defore the Church was organized, the Lord said ceptance of Jesus, the Christ (John 17:3); that is,

to the Prophet Joseph Smith, "There is no gift full health of body, mind, and spirit to be won. All

greater than the gift of salvation."(D. & C. 6:13) this that man "might be raised in immortality unto

This was repeated in several later revelations. On eternal life."(D. & C. 29:43)

another occasion, also while the young prophet The man who uses his powers in obedience to was receiving his preparatory training, the Lord law to fight all enemies of progress, whether ignorfurther declared that "Eternal life... is the ance, temptation, appetites, or personalities, rises

greatest of all the gifts of God."(D. & C. 14:7) It above existence; he lives; he is on the way to salwould appear, therefore, that salvation is eternal vation. For him who does not so use his powers,

life; or that to obtain salvation, one must win eternthough he exist, life does not function fully; the

al life. In the Bible and Book of Mormon, also, light of truth is blotted out; the enemy may defeat

eternal life, or everlasting life, is promised those him; he is retreating from salvation. Salvation

who accept the Lord and His son Jesus Christ. Life then is conditioned under the divine plan and with

and salvation are forever intertwined. Indeed, our divine help, upon the proper exercise of the will

own Church leaders have spoken and speak of the of man. Complete salvation, which is full and

"gospel of life and salvation."eternal life, results from man's full endeavor to

This conception of the meaning of salvation reconform to the laws of life, the gospel of the Lord quires a definition of life. Man had a preexistent Jesus Christ, That is why we often say that men

state, and will live on throughout eternity. He is save themselves with the aid of the Lord, ( See D.

immortal. It becomes necessary therefore to dis6C. 29:44, 45)

tinguish clearly between life as mere existence, and Since men differ in their obedience to law there life as something greater that may issue from existmust be stages of salvation. Mankind may win any

ence, degree of salvation from mere inert existence, beBrigham Young has furnished a definition in yond a kingdom of glory, to the celestial kingdom thrilling words: "Salvation is the full existence or highest glory. "In my Father's house are many

of man, of the angels, and the Gods; it is eternal mansions (kingdoms)."They who use only a

life, the life which was, which is, and that which part of their powers, or use them improperly, do not is tocome."live life fully. Only those who render obedience

Life, then, is more than mere existence; it is "full toall the duties required of them, who are in proexistence."Life is active; existence is static. Life cess of full living, can expect complete salvation.

is warm; existence, cold. Life uses its powers to ( Teachings, p. 332 ) They become the sons of

secure progress; it moves upward. Existence is God. They will be where God and Christ dwell.

today where it was yesterday, or lower. Life is If salvation is eternal life as here defined, it may

the increasing realization of man's highest ideals. begin on earth, or may have begun in the preexThe Lord himself has made clear the distinction, istent state of man. To the degree that a person

forglory—toHe saidbringto Moses,to pass the"Thisimmortalityis my workandandeternalmy usesfully hisunderpowersthe law,for heprogressis daily onachievingearth, andsalvationlives

life of man."(Moses 1:39) And Jesus, the Christ, and in a state of salvation. But, the summation of

made the same distinction when He said, "I am the our efforts will be made on the great day of judgresurrection, and the life."(John 11:25) Life in ment, and will determine the degree of our salvacontradistinction to existence has always been the tion, our final place in the hereafter.

objective of Latterday Saints. Life, implying a This meaning of salvation is simple, easily unfuture of endless development, is the ultimate goal derstood. If the body is to be kept healthy, and

of the Church. fit for the work of life, certain definite laws must

The Prophet Joseph Smith in his discourses gave be obeyed. If the mind is to render full service, it

added meaning to this definition of salvation. "Salmust be properly fed and exercised. If the spirit

vation,"he said, "means a man's being placed beis to lift man into joy, spiritual tasks must be peryond the power of all his enemies,"( Teachings, p. formed. Only under such conditions of fully func301 ) and "Salvation is nothing more or less than tioning powers can full life be lived. If salvation

to triumph over all our enemies and put them under is to be gained, all the powers of life must be used, our feet. And, where we have power to put all under the laws of truth, so far as in man's power

enemies under our feet in this world, and a knowllies. There must be a coordination of these powers

edge to triumph over all spirits in the world to come, for steady progress. As we seek salvation, an acthen we are saved, as in the case of Jesus, who was tive eternal life, we must prepare ourselves for it

to reign until he had put all enemies under His by proper activity on earth.

feet, and the last enemy was death."( Teachings, This conception of salvation explains why the

p. 297 ) There is no thought of inertia, mere existactivities of the Church on earth enter into every

ence, in such words. Instead, these statements ( Concluded on page 75 1

surprised."Challenge to WomenWords May Form a fiddlesticks!""Oh, yeah?""You'd be How well this worked, Mrs. Bush

evils crying are which two opportunity to learn one day HPhere had anShining Armor rectify, with help and should to play * women came larger boy when a much

By Edith Brandis with Martin. This boy's mother called which women are particularly conhim to bring her some wood. He urged cerned. One is the existence of places

rT1KE Bush family had just moved from Martin to do it for him—to carry the where liquors are sold near army camps;

their native Village to a town where load of wood in to his mother while the other is the unnecessary use of toMr. Bush had secured work in an airhe went on playing with his ball. bacco and liquor in what might otherplane factory. The three children, Martin refused; the other boy inwise be good moving pictures.

Lucia, Martin and Walter, found it sisted. Finally, taking out his knife, Concerning the first, there is already

rather difficult, at first, to adjust themthe boy said, "If you don't go right a bill drawn up and ready for action in selves to playmates who had been now, 1 11—I'll cut your ears off."Congress relative to the sale of alcoholic

brought up so differently from themMartin said, "Go and take your own liquors near military camps. This bill

selves. in. Don't you wood know is of as mother S860. Every known yet—you passed, As weeks Mr. and Mrs. Bush can't kid me?"feels that these temptations should sons sap—you thatlearned the children's acnew up, wideeyed, looked "Of boy The into flung directly the faces of the not be

quaintances had undesirable many tucking course I do,"he said, and the army. his young men who are entering

habits, that they used coarse expresball into in the carried his pocket, he of eighteen the induction and With sions and that rudeness and discourtesy load of wood and brought back a gift. nineteen year old youths, this temptawere the general rule with most of "Look, I made these two airplanes,"tion will be of increasing potency.

them. he said. "Want one?"Right now, while the matter is fresh in

to Martin and Walter began for When airplanes talked boys about The paper mind, pick and your up a penacquire these of objectionable some the there ten minutes, next was and the write to of congressmen your and to themanners use and language rude dissension. more no bill insist state, this to asking that them

itthey heard, that plain enough this was to episode reported Bush Mrs. of the to closing assure voted be uponthe of teaching method behavior which they sought Mr. and ways Bush more liquor in establishments those opnowseemingly in the so well had worked their the of against children arming eration the well as near as camps, army satisfactory for the nothome town was their exigencies of days. of prevention opening. ones new principles environment. ofnew The these "In world,"changing a say

good breeding had evidently not been wise parents, "it isn't going to be posSome such letter might be sent:

firmly established. enough They were sible in order segregate to our children

: his in (write Senator Dear name)

test.not the standing to then unspotted. keep them What feel grateful should very if you We shall do? reestablished the Mrs. and Mr. Bush we to influence that the see use your would

family's early childhood practice of "We must give them ways and Senate bill, S860, is called to a vote, and constant drill in common politeness. means to apply teachings that homes that your vote is in favor of its being

Father, Mother, and the children made and churches and schools give as passed to protect our young men in the say,it acts army. words to them say, rule to an unbreakable "Thank

Sincerely yours, applications theories—givedo, practical to make. pleastoyou,"for all kindnesses, the and

ure to be gained from being kind was We must not fail them at any point; ( your signature

repeatedly stressed through opportuniand to do this we must keep our own ties for experiencing it. They were precept and our own practice consisSuch a letter will take only a few

careful to say, "If you please,"for anytent, high and worthy. minutes to write and if sufficient numthing desired and, "Excuse me,"for "If our teaching doesn't go deep bers write them, this will initiate a great

accidents or accidental offenses. The enough to stand the test of an alien encleaning-up of our army cantonments.

parents meant to try to build habits vironment, we should be glad to find The second question relative to the which would stand by the children as it out and start over again. We need unnecessary use of tobacco and liquor

long as they lived. to make our teaching definite, posiin movies should be directed to Mr.

Running concurrently with the teachtive, rich and inclusive. In this way, Will Hayes, President, Motion Picture

ing and practice of habitual courtesy we may help our children forge a shinProducers and Distributors of America, and kindness, they went on to accusing and unbreakable armor that will 28 West 44th Street, New York. If in

tom the children to the use of fitting stand by them as long as they live."this letter you can mention any specific

words and phrases with which to speak film that you have seen which offends, IN DUCKS GARDEN A YOUNG letter force. will the gain differentof that things beauare good, Lucretia Penny By letter sent; such might betiful Some desirable. them, taught and They of ducks, I suppose, a roastable Grown inalso, for to look beauty common Mr. Hayes: Dear age

things. inthings as as well uncommon trifle the sage, passing a Tremble when I the enjoy bepictures motion While to such taught comprehend themThey overtake at before dusk, dreams maybe And I fine recreation, they a cause of are form

abstractions "patience,"as "courage,"them insertion to object the of drinking do "wisdom,""knowledge,""understandAre briefly uneasy lest luck should forsake scenes when there is no apparent object ing."them; other than to cater to a prevalent custom.

These parents realized their children And powersthat-be absolutely decree In (insert the title of the picture) also needed colloquial speech which is Slugs are old fashioned and snails must be I felt that the picture would have been even so commonly used about ordinary matrationed. better if the unnecessary drinking and

ters. Besides this, they definitely exBut a young duck hasn't the time to spare. smoking had been eliminated.

It's day, a care. and never come that picwill insist that I hope our you childrenplained to their much how living the dashing swashHe's tures wholesome. be entirely go life—theday tease. gave love to peoplesome They buckling Sincerely yours, to phrases answer andthem words Rileylike small a gardener's ducklife—of "I in earnest."can'twith: be "You ling. (sign name

don't believe you would do that!"Even He's sifting the slugs and flavorous bugs

slang phrases that were current: "Aw, Right under the sage. He is being his age. Women of the Church, we have a

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

real challenge. After we have written

these letters let us get the men ot ourhouseholds and some of our neighbors A penny postcard may save you up to sign these letters or write letters of their own, and send them posthaste to their destinations.—M. C. J. to $10 on food this month

jtooWtoniier Qj By Josephine B. Nichols Bordefti

RECIPES FOR THE SCHOOL LUNCH The following suggestions are a simple toguide help make school lunches more nutritious.tempting Sandwiches form > and

the basis of box lunches.

IRRADI.

Bread A variety of breads should be used for sandwiches including whole wheat, graham, "'"""—-:::

rye, cracked wheat, fruit, nut, raisin, date, BORDEN 00.

and nut, as well as enriched white bread.

Spread both sides of bread with softened Write for FREE folder...BORDEN'S PENNY BANQUETS

butter. is the smooth, needs! "Borden's creamy every FOLDER woman Raisiri'Nut Bread THE recwith and menus Jampacked flavor that milk lends evaporated and buttermilk 2 milk cups or sour housewives ipes that have saved many

1 to dish. Westernmade, teaspoon any goodness soda

food. $10 a month on up to sugar 1 cup brown with Vitamin D added. Try it today!"

1 tablespoon molasses recipes! Savory main dishAnd what

3 cups whole wheat flour es, rich soups and sauces, luscious desSend your penny postcard to:

1 cup white flour serts... all made the thrifty way with Borden's, 50 N. Main St., Salt Lake

1 teaspoon baking powder Borden's Evaporated Milk! City. TODAY!

teaspoon salt Yl Yz package raisins 2 cups walnuts Add soda to buttermilk, mix liquids toBORDEN'S EVAPORATED MILKgether, add to mixed dry ingredients, then IRRADIATED WITH VITAMIN D add walnuts and raisins. 1

Bake in a moderately hot oven, (350 F.)

for 60 minutes. Makes two loaves.

Fillings for Sandwiches Fillings are most appetizing that have been made into a paste. Cover entire surslice face onehalf inch of bread with of one is Basic! Bread filling.of in half sandwich Cut and wrap

each separately in waxed paper.

fish, cold or meat: meat Cold Any—and it tastes good, too chili flaked, with or a littleground seasoned

sauce, ketchup, mayonnaise, chopped pickle, olives, parsley, or green pepper. Meat loaf Good bread is a basic part of a good diet. Everyone needs

also be sliced and used.may likes Royal Enriched Bread for its delicious

beans: and seasoned. it—and everyone Baked Mashed

Eggs: Hardcooked, minced and seasoned naturalflavor. Its added vitamins and iron supply extra

or ketchup, or mincedwith mayonnaise with food value.

crisp bacon,chopped chopped ham or pickles, or relish.

Peanut butter: Plain or with honey, jelly,

jam, or marmalade, or with chopped dried fruit, as dates, raisins, figs, or apricots. m Cheese: Grate cheese, moisten with FINE

pickle, ketchup,cream, chopped tomato BREAD salad dressing a creamy juice, or to make spread.

Grated cheese with chopped nuts or olives. ROYAL BAKING COMPANY

... Fresh Veal Loaf Salt Lake and Ogden

1 pound ground veal Every Day 34 pound ground pork 100% Homeowned—100% American at Your Grocer's

j/3 cup cracker crumbs \y2 teaspoon salt

milk evaporated cup Y1 egg lemon 2 teaspoons orrER.. juice Subscribe to and read WE

salt celery teaspoon A COMPLETE 34

SERVICE ENGRAVING all ingredients pack and Mix From Missionary Portraits to the Largest into oiled THE IMPROVEMENT ERA at 325 for pan. one hour. loaf Bake Catalogues

Mail Orders Given Attention Prompt Raw Vegetables

UTAH CO. ENGRAVING Raw vegetables add crispness, vitamins, a IffeJine in troublous times 13 St. Regent Salt City, Lake (Concluded on page 724) Utah

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

and minerals to a lunch of sandwiches. Celover vegetable juices, mild cocoa, or milk.

ery, whole tomatoes, carrot strips, cauliCold drinks are milk, fruit juices, lemonade, flower, turnips, green peppers, and lettuce tomato juice, and malted milk.

are all good. They should be washed and

wrapped in waxed paper while they are still Prune Nog moist, which will help to keep them fresh lJ/J cups evaporated milk and crisp. \Yi cups cold water or milk

Fruits 3 cups prune juice or cinnamon of nutmeg Dash fruit in a good season makes Any fresh chill. ingredients and fruitsdessert. Dried uncooked be Mix also may

used. Cooked dried fruits and canned fruits After preparing appetizing and nutritious

may be carried in a waxed paper container lunches, visit your school and see that there with a tightfitting lid, or in a jelly or mayis an adequate place for the storing of onnaise jar. lunches until eaten.

Other Desserts Puddings, rice, tapioca, and bread or baked custards can also be carried in covered containers.

Gingerbread MOSLEM will be used for Hints Payment Handy shortening cup Y event the publication. In dollar upon granulated sugar one cup IN NAME ONLY Y

are submitted, the same idea that two with 1 egg will receive earlier postmarked the one the By flour sifted cups\y2 returned, be ideas can of the None 1 flour dollar. wheat cup wholeih teaspoons soda but each will receive careful consideration. S. EDWARD WILLIAMS

1 teaspoon cinnamon 1 teaspoon ginger Y2 teaspoon cloves Before washing a wool sweater, sew the Cortez and his audacious Yi teaspoon salt buttonholes together in order to avoid their Whenlittle band of some six hundred 1 mild cup invaded men Mexico they saw molasses stretching.—Mrs. O. M. F., Oakley, Utah.

1 water hot cup to growing crops a mystery that were of the powamount of guessing Instead sugar, shortening, egg. add add Cream entirely in Europe, them and unknown dishes the washing to use sift dered soap when ingredients, dry combine andMeasure living also but strange they saw many the to determine experiment meal, after each ingredients hot dry water,molasses add and creatures. the the strangest of Among secure then to use and economical amount liquid.to alternately first mixture, with Bake

in a greased pan nine inches square in a or make the rightsized container and leave living things was a large domestic bird moderate oven (350 F.) for 45 minutes. it in the box at all times. This method will that the Aztecs called "totolin."Great

save from five to ten percent in the cost of flocks of totolin were to be found everyOrange Apricot Tapioca soap, and thus help our war effort. B. M. where throughout the empire of Monte-

1 package orange cocoanut tapioca pud- O., Los Angeles, California. zuma II, and it was said that a thousand

ding daily of big birds domestic these were is top the lightly If over brushed milk 2 milk cups big in to fed the the Emperor's animals it the will give before baking, of pie crust apricots dried cup Yi in Tenochtitlan, wonderfully the zoo it golden finish turn glazed a pie a and water cups\Yi., city beautiful of rose that out Arizona. up Lake Jerome, N. brown.—Mrs. W sugar cup 34 Texcuco.

milk. with pudding tapioca Cook Mix hardening, pour paint from keep To strange gold, farm with Along much until stirring mixconstantly heat,over low left in the paraffin paint can the over melted products, animals, strange Cortez and cool. boils.ture from heat and Remove Salt D., L. and keep can M. covered.—Mrs. totolin the to shipped of King many until tender. in apricots water AddCook City. Lake

sugar and cook five minutes longer. Drain Spain.

liquid and chop apricots finely. When cool, Line knife and fork drawers with oilImmediately this big domestic bird

add to cool tapioca pudding. Chill, serve cloth. It is inexpensive and can be pasted became popular in Europe, but Engplain or with whipped cream. in. It is easy to remove and clean, and the lishmen, for some unknown reason, got

easier tidier to keep look and are this strange the that idea domestic new Bottle Foods Thermos /. L., Afton, drawersclean.—Mrs. Wyoming. bird from East had and come the Near

to it possible bottle makes thermos The it call to "turkey."began a And, by of in crust fruit pie lunchbox. a with foods a cold the lower Brush hot or Everyhave

meal is more appetizing and healthful if it the white of an egg before putting in the the time the public had become aware includes a hot dish. Suitable hot foods are fruit and your pie crust will not become that it was an American bird, the Mossoups (either of milk or meat stock) and soaked or soggy with the moisture from lem name of "turkey"had become so

hot beverages such as hot tomato juice, leftthe fruit.—Mrs. D. A., Altamont, Kansas. (Concluded on page 751

TABLECLOTH MAGIC/

SAM BRANNAN IDEAS

{Continued [rom page 692) ever nearer the treacherous coast line From My Kitchen to Yours!

Islands, Samuel ship Verde Atof into the the Cape out headed As the "Sing!"panic. fought lantic, in disBrannan long Saints the not were he'd $5 TEA OFGARDENSUNSETTHE MONTH IDEAcovering other discomforts—from bellow. "Sing all!"And through those The $5 Tea Garden merchandise award

which there would be no relief for awful days and nights, the Saints sang for the November "Tea Garden Idea", months to come. Not the least of these down the howl of the winds and the as judged by the Improvement Era food

was a lack of headroom below deck. roar of the waves which crashed the editor, goes to Miss Lenora Flake of

So low were the ceilings that only a deck above their heads. With retchOlympia, Wash., for her recipe for:

dwarf could stand erect. For a person ing stomachs, with trembling fear, they TEA GARDEN RED CURRANT

of normal stature to move about, it clung to pitching benches to lift brave MERINGUE CAKE was necessary to crouch monkeyvoices in "The Spirit of God,"and "We Split 4 (3-inch) squares of sponge cake, fashion. Are Going to California."or 4 plain cup cakes, and fill generously

Elder Brannan chose staterooms There was one occasion when even with Tea Garden Red Currant Jelly.

alongside Captain Richardson in the the grizzled Captain Richardson beBeat 1 egg white until stiff; gradually

2 tablespoons sugar; powdered lost. all convinced Going ship's officers'quarters. came was days a few For add cup Garden Tea Currant Red beat %in his charges to inform below the mealshe democratically took with Mormon Jelly; until beat smooth. Spread mefor the as well hall. they prepare might inin the thepassengers But mess filled over ringue cakes; garnish with

fernal clatter of tin plates, the howling, worst, he was astonished and ashamed bit of jelly. Serves 4. Vary the kind ofa

seasick babies, and the bilgy smell by their show of composure in the cake and the flavor of the jelly to suit quickly offended his fastidious sensibiface of danger. Then, when death and your taste.

lities. a imminent, grave watery most seemed of the the remainder voyFor CRANBERRYMARMALADE SAUCE

shifted, the gradualsuddenly table the captain's at and wind dined heage traditional The holiday cranberry sauce sailing ly to breeze. died mighty there those whispers Theand were among interest on new Jakes combined when 1 swells seas, for less dashing fortunate. and which days with Tea Garden Orange Marmalade.

Before leaving New York he'd had threatened to broach the ship, With a fork, mix 1 cup cranberry sauce drawn up an elaborate code of conslowly died to a gentle chop. The (or jelly); % cup Tea Garden Marmaduct, to which he now insisted the longhidden sun shone again in answer lade... and you have a zippy, tangy

Saints adhere. Affairs were to be to their prayers. After burying their relish with an exciting new flavor. Excellent on or poultry. meats Tea Garden in steelly the of rules deadguided waters the Atof twentyone by a set

of fresh, Marmalade golden is made lantic, Saints the in knelt prayerful everything coveredwhich from insub-.. oranges zest to. adds meal. any

ordination observance. thanksgiving for deliverance from the to Sabbath To

storm. presidencycomplete his he chose two AGiftsChristmasfor the hoysBox ofin goodit<service.

l- with loaded d* Tea Garden In the counselors, E. passed Brooklyn and Isaac a week had Ward Pell

icacies. Last mailing dale assistants the region the gentlerRobbins. appointed of southeast and into He trot overseas for Nops is

table waiters, and divided the seventy trades. For days on end the old ship vember 1st.

men aboard into "watches"to keep plowed its way through green seas toHOTCAKES FOR BRISK MORNINGS twentyfour-hour guard on person and ward the southernmost tip of the world. These glorious, brisk mornings suggest

property. Winter days grew warm and comfortsteaming buttered hotcakes deluged

He was punctilious in his demands able. The equator was crossed early with luscious Tea Garden Drips. It's a

for proper religious devotion. Prayers in March, and King Neptune was duly rich, hearty syrup of delicately flavored

It sugars. gets with famously along hotall to held every bewere hilarity with the usually crowned evening—on waffles. so or good, Tastes cakes it adds fair, in the weatherdeck event. accompanying when such was an

to "zip"your and morning's "go"new hall or coldmess storms when made But restlessBrannan, as he Samuel work the untenable. deck Attendance was ly stalked the ship, himself to visioned

to lCL(l! using In addition Maraschinoobligatory. of Sabbath a day The was the vistas future. cocktails inin Cherries of the drinks, broad or fruit make To

rest praise, the and during which young their venture there workable needs cludeCherriesa dishwithofyourTea otherGardenhorsMaraschinod'oeuvres.elder true loudly exhorted them to "a must be a pattern strong of government

Sauce: M> New Whip of Pumpkinsense duty."enough to the weather problems and

tableheavy cream. cup 2 in Fold elaborate This of governscheme adversities certain to beset them when spoons a Drips Tea Garden and discipline scarcely andment had begun the voyage ended they conand were of dash cinnamon. Serve atop Pumpkin itbefore into broken was by ruthless fronted with the task of the subduing Pie or Pudding. delicious Also served

and unheeding weather elements. In earth and pioneering a commonwealth. on squares of Chocolate or plain cake.

less after into than a swinging week these cares in his dinning With ears EVER TRIED A COOKIE SANDWICH?the Atlantic from vesthe Sandy Hook, called he a shipboard meeting. The

fill a novel For sandwich, large sugar in clutched the grip ofsel was a storm plan he presented partial bore semcookies of with a spread cheese cream terconsternationwhich brought and to blance the Prophet's United Order, a of generous and Garden amount Tearor to the Saints huddled "below."The it but faults he his to added of own or Preserves. Raspberry Blackberry

howling gale which descended in the making. Each Saint was asked to subIt's a delicious, satisfying snack. Great

vicinity of the horse latitudes came scribe to articles of agreement, which, for children's or defense workers'lunch very nearly ending the audacious venroughly, included among its points: boxes. Just as appetizing with bread or

all. rolls.ture once for are of Preserves Tea and Garden Four made days and 1. unite to They would one form large, luscious fruits. tablequality littlefour nights vessel the at the was company.

the of storm.mercy "passenger The 2. single as would, They a body, pitching the of shipdeck"an became effort every to the make debt pay sight. HOSTESSappalling TEA GARDEN Pots, YOUR pans, luggage, of transportation.

tables I clatand in were thrown about 3. would, They accord, one with PRESERVES JELLIEStering melee. Saints, most of The them

for preparations make members farmers England mechanics, andNew TEA JUICE GRAPE of the Church SYRUPS coming were who totallyand to rigors sea, unused the of GARDEN overland..QUALITY, to sicknesswere prey doubly agMARASCHINO CHERRIES 4. give would They the proceeds ofgravated violence the by of the storm.

their labor for the next three SWEET PICKLED AND CANDIED FRUITS helpless the vessel While was blown to years a fund common from

SUCH A BIG DIFFERENCE IN QUALITY... of intimate touches number bearing 1A on Branall which living. to were have a

nan's are in conduct mentioned the Glover f Ms., 5. refused If any to the obey lawsBancroft Library, University of MCH MTTIF A California, Berkeley. D'FFERENCE IN PRICE!

is theThis probably best eyewitness extant. account (Continued on page 726)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

SAM BRANNAN (Continued from page 725) world of sea and sky grew calm Morning Milk laid down, they should be exagain, several children were dead in pelled. the suffocating hold of the ship, and

Utah Makes It! 6. Infromeventthe allcovenantthe Saintsthe departedcommon LauradespairGoodwin,was felt whofor thehad lifebeenofthrownSister

property was to rest with the from a ladderway during the gale's

grace, the common The West elders, and if the elders fell from fury. fund2 was to madeDiscouraged,no further attemptCaptainto gainRichardsonharbor first elder. the to pass

at Valparaiso. His decision, born from

As "First Elder,"Samuel Brannan the desperateness of their predicament, assumed titular head of the body poliwas to strike for the lonely island of property. of its tic To and custodian the 4, 1846, Juan Fernandez. On May even furnote the personal continue into rusty her anchor dropped Brooklyn

ther, the Order was given the name the mooring cove of the island which of "Samuel Brannan & Company."Defoe had chosen as setting for his imGrumbling immediately was manifest mortal Robinson Crusoe. Events

because of those clauses so patently proved it a more fortunate choice than ''V favorable to the leader's interests. Yet, Valparaiso could ever have been.

with a loyal Mormon's respect for Ship's casks were filled with the isauthority, all subscribed their names to land's abundance of finest drinking the agreement. Inexorable justice water. Firewood was present for the

would deal with the contract's irregusimple effort of its gathering and ballarities, and an allseeing God could ing by the willing hands of the Morbe depended upon to humble any leader mon pilgrims. The place abounded

who might be foolish enough to allow with wild goats. Rocky shoreline

opportunism to advance personal afteemed with fish hungry for the hook.

fairs at the expense of true humility and Peaches and wild fruit were there for the doctrines of the Master. appetites satiated with ship biscuit and

The old hull bore steadily southbrined pork, and the huge crawfish ward under drive of the favorable and which frequented its streams rivaled trades. Colder southeast constant lobster. eastern the best made homeHOMEMAKERS ILITAH nights gradually became days and and Barrels of food packed were Milk the fastestselling owned Morning of old persistent reminders "Cape the salted. water along with These,

evaporated milk in the Intermountain West. Stiff"ever to and yet be rounded, safely firewood, stowed casks were and

finer Milk's flavor brought Then Morning in nearer. Sometime growing all with the April, in Brooklyn's hold—and

the demands a pleasfrom consumers throughout deck no longer was when the little cost to "Brannan & Company."

West! So today the modern MfMrning Jrfiik ant spot to relax, the Brooklyn headed Similar stocks in Valparaiso would

plants in Wellsville, Utah, Sunnyside, Washher barnacled prow into the frigidly have taken a considerable outlay of ington, and Stockton, California, are busy treacherous waters of Drake's Passage. their slender resources. It was easier

petrels trailing pigeons, the and Cape storm's for the Saints forget to the finerthe producing for Western America cry, with mourning morbid seemed sign this considered they misery when that flavored evaporated milk perils the ahead. harbingers of behalf. intervention in their divine But of

1 famous in Utah you made skillful eventually, seathe through never Sister Laura was Goodwin of Richardson, Captain manship the to continue Cape privileged But voyage.

Morning Milk is {till the that graveyard rounded, and Horn was route, she alone died en of those who only Utah -owned at ships evapof them. last put behind land. place found resting Her on dry

the Brooklyn headed As milk orated funeral, on the market! rwM$crf solemn northward body, was after a

VSBL along the coast of Chile, hopes and lowered to its island grave. And there

spirits raised with every mile. At last she lies today.

they were on the mighty Pacific. Soon After five days at Juan Fernandez Valparaiso would be reached—their the little ship struck boldly out across

first landfall since leaving New York. the trackless Pacific, perfect weather

vl, Indeed, it was high time the vessel holding almost to the Sandwich [Hamade port. Drinking water had bewaiian] Islands. Day following day

in pints. so scarce rationed it was sails the creaking bore them over warm Your OWN come

for the galley exFirewood but was all at of constant gentle seas and speed

MORNING MILK hausted.come a memory,Warmunlessmealsneededmust soonfuel wasbefromThroughsix to sevenmonthsknotspast,an hour.death had

for supplied the cook's stove. But most struck the Saints of on little company

pilgrims all, the of utterly were weary life, tragic ten occasions. Yet too, had

of the monotonous days, the weeks on partially offset the loss. In midAtlan-

end of sea and sky, and nothing more. tic the ship's midwife had successfully

soul setting to looked Every forward delivered healthy to seasick a a baby in the foot city lovely of Valparaiso. the suggestion aboard. the of mother At FIFTY For YEARS OVER its the But hopeful Brooklyn andME versatile tiny the Brannan, Samuel boy passengers never Valparaiso. saw in treatment simple of Canker,Aids after "Atlantic,"the ocean was named

its the within of reach very When its this birth. throat of othersore minor once more and and mouth Now, entrance, harbor gale offshore an broke girl in Pacific, born. the time a calm was irritations. throatand them. three nights upon For days and she precedent, follow duly was To the until ship elements raged, the was "Pacific."christened

blown back almost to the Cape itself.

Elder Early Brannan in the voyage finally the storm died, and theHall's Canker Remedy When drill instituted military for the had item, in 2This form, is more extended contained in seventy men who comprised the536 East 2nd So.—at Salt Lake City, Utah the Thesis (unpublished), Dunlap undergraduate

division, University of California. ship's male complement. As soldiers,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

Sam Brannan anxiousVictoria toIsland.turn back.Not Samuela few Branwere theirCaliforniasettledcoast;plansoftotheirdisembarkobligationon theto

they made a brave aggregation of nan answered by reminding them of "prepare a place"for the Saints from farmers and mechanics—until Brantheir promises to President Young; of {Continued on page 728)

nan dug up a suitable bolt of cloth from the cargo miscellany, and busy fingers of the women were soon at work providing uniforms for the shipboard "battalion."After that the men wheeled

and turned about deck with a jauntiness which only a uniform can give.

Samuel Brannan made capital use of these long, warm days of the Pacific to round out the military knowledge of his little army, under tutorship of an exsoldier by the name of Samuel Ladd.

sailed thirty vessel the days For north. the suddenlywest wind Stt/w. /6pa4ww4*ti APPLE FRITTERS by Then

died, and they were becalmed on a glassy, tropic sea. Not so much as a "MEXT time you treat your family to a pork roast trybreath of wind stirred the drooped this simple recipe for apple fritters sent in by Mrs.

sails for more than a week. To the Spaunhoven of Sacramento. And, to be sure of fluffy

Saints, who had suffered in their tenderness use Enriched Globe "Al"Flour. It's always

for quarters than morecramped bake. Complete you... for everything a dependable

days, grievous a exhundred refunded. satisfaction guaranteed or your moneyperience. the endless Whenthis finallywas

monotony of it threatened to drive them to madness, they cried in desperaAPPLE FRITTERS tion to heaven for deliverance. And

if last,at in to as long answer \ their RSSSP 1 e. egg FLOUR "Al"GLOBE V3 stirredimportuning, breeze the wilted a

Tart Isp. apples 1 baking powder y2 joyous shout overhead.canvas went A Confectioners'sugar sail tsp. Vi hullup. to rickety began move. The

juice lemon c. 1 tbsp. milk 2/3 later the Brooklyn dropped week A

anchor in Honolulu harbor, to take on Sift flour once, measure, add baking supplies and discharge the five hundred powder and salt; sift again. Gradually

barrels of freight which the canny add milk and wellbeaten egg. Peel,

Brannan had contracted to deliver to core and slice apples crosswise;

help defray expense of the voyage. sprinkle with confectioners'sugar and

let stand cover juice; and lemon % landfallThis reached second June was

first in slice dip hour. Uhimk each Drain and thirtysix after20, one hundred and

little batter. in In hot then deep "Al"Fry a FLOUR, GLOBE at sea.days is until tender. apple fat golden (370 and degrees) brown

As the vessel rounded Diamond Drain on unglazed paper. Sprinkle with mixture of 2 tbsp.

Head to anchorage, a strange sight met sugar and 1 tsp. cinnamon.

Mormon eyes. Ominously offshore,

bristling with guns, stood a number of

American warships. The meaning of

all this learned. quickly United was FOR EVERYTHING YOU BAKE! CaliAlStates at war! and Mexico were

fornia soon would be American soil!

Present with the fleet was Commodore

Stockton, with his flagship, the frigate to provisioning ShipsCongress. were

placeassault the very Mormons alABOUT HUSKIES'urready had sailed four and onehalf WM months to reach.

This was astonishing news. To many

Saints, grievous news. Like the Purifled theirtans before them, they had

sal- Q. Can a dog eat too much ofone thing? theirnative country out to work

vation in a new land. Had they sought A. Too much of anything is as bad for dogs as

a dogs do for That's best on humans. why it? lose to that Nowfreedom—only

It contains Friskies. like food 19 complete destinedCalifornia to a was become

nutrition. ingredients proper for essential States,part the of the United would

same persecution follow? Q. Does Fnskies contain meatproducts?

delicate the already To aggravate for the proteins and bone scraps situation, suddenly Elder Brannan contains also Friskies cooked con- A.%s—meatall dogs need.

ceived a daring plan. Wliy shouldn't cereals, dried skimmed milk, minerals and six

he and his shipboardsoldiers achieve vitamins—all in adequate amounts

historical acclaim by taking Yerba the Q.Do dogs like Friskies? of arms?Buena by force By being

is scientifically accento! Friskies blended A. %s first plant to the American San flag on

prefer. flavor What's tuate the most dogsFrancisco Bay?

is to easy Friskies feed economical, more, is It his in if the Saints doubtful charge were aware of their famefilibustering leader'shunting, of the brethren favoredtions. Many intenFEED FRISKIES IN CUBE AND Atmmnm....—*changing their course to Oregon or MEAL FORM FOR VARIETY!

SAM BRANNAN

[Concluded from page 727) the arms. Samuel Brannan distributed

Nauvoo. After his canny persuasion, them to his soberfaced, questioning

duty pointed in one direction only. battalion. But the cautious old RichThey must go on to California. ardson was not at all anxious to have

While the ship replenished supplies, the deck blown out from under him by presidio. the from cannon Sensing a plan Samuel's bold was hatched—apfresh peril, strictly against and Branof the collaboration parently with MAPI"*"American naval authorities. Ten days nan's wishes, he crowded every paslater, when the Brooklyn again put to senger down the hatches and cleared

sea, a hundred and fifty stands of the deck of all warlike evidence.

American military arms were secreted Through the fogbound Golden Gate in in her hold. of the the the head And with made SUGAR volatile a grandiose Samuel was scheme Whenlittlethe fortship waswallowedsafely past,her Richway. pour 2 cups boiling water

over 4 cups sugar to earn for himself a dashing immorardson opened the hatches and once add 1 teaspoon Mapleine tality in the history of American conmore allowed his charges on deck. The

stir and you have... quest. Brooklyn rounded the green nub of

2 pints Mapleine Syrup Captain Richardson's keenly observland, and while Samuel Brannan's dark 'with CORN SYRUP stowingant eyes ofhadarmswitnessedand the bothegoisticthe swagsecret eyesthroughstrainedthe morningfor glimpsehaze,ofshetheslidenemyinto boi/ T/2 cups hot water ger of Samuel Brannan, but had interthe quiet waters of Yerba Buena Cove.

3 cups corn syrup preted affairs quite differently. To him And there an unexpected sight met

for minutes 5 the of his pilgrims. gaze Samuel and visionary it the that occurred never

1 add teaspoon Mapleine the whalers hide droghers and Among rashly thought could leader ever have stir and you have at anchor, rocking unmistakthe was to storm inducing sober seventy of men pints 2 Mapleine... Syrup outline able of a sloopof-war. Sudgarrison at Buena. the Yerba Mexican

denly, rising the mist, through came rickety of a captain peaceful with & HONEY SYRUP This CORN little sight the of town. a mast for taste heat From war. had no merchantman He 1 cup hot water beside the low, Vi strained cup squat customs acquiring Mexican any. intentions honey of His had no

2'/j cups corn syrup conhouse drooped a flag. It was the Stars Brannan that Samuel fear was Bring boil, to full and Stripes. forestall such mutiny, templated and to add 1 teaspoon Mapleine stir and you have... danger he padlocked the arms and for- A moment later the warsloop's jolly-

2 pints Mapleine Syrup bade shipboard drill. boat thumped alongside. A brisk,

officer the to Brooklyn's swung for he young Samuel, inconvenient While Plenty ofgoldenrich syrup, even saluted the of excited deck and crowd There means discouraged. no by was in wartime! easily, yours Make "Ladies gentlemen,"Mormons. and time enough opportunity and be would save money! Three ways, grand

with Mapleine. One, America's to use the arms when the ship reached he said, "I have the honor to inform

that in the you United you drill favorite for been had 35 enough California, and years. And two are now3

wartime States recipes of -sugarless! America."as- a moment Get For the to to hold them taught the men

a bottle ofMapleine from your grocer now! sault. Little did the brethren realize there was silence. Then a lusty cheer

the plans and purposes of their leader. broke forth.

But far graver problems beset SamCommander John B. Montgomery

the sloop cheatedMAPLEINE and Portsmouth had was grumpath. There uel Brannan'sIMITATION MAPLE FLAVOR of to Samuel Brannan his dream. But were flock. There his bling amonggtyv lau&Uyiq the the of Brooklyn, had Mormons "privileges, who his about y/utf? +fin whisperings

"fancy living,""highhanded tactics/'sought peace, not war, there came a

So, to put an end to these "apostate"conscious sigh of relief and satisfactheir Their haven intion. was reached, "sins"his certain utterances and

first voyage had ended. were the They aboard eyes had beheld i% REMEMBER & quisitorial

settlers California under the Ameriex- ruthless to make decided he flag. greater can destiny lay beTheir evildoers.""backbiters and of w HE OBJECT OF ship,ample fore them. trial which farcical shipboard In the

YOUR AFFECTIONS'followed, four brethren were merciless- 3 Western Galaxy. March, 1888.

"improper for excommunicated To be continued) WITH ly licentious ( and views,"and "wicked conduct."* Samuel Brannan had tasted

he showed axswinger, an As ANSWERS TO OLD jiCLGULiu Delicious power. persons. respecter of be himself to no CURIOSITIES TESTAMENT

four was excommunicated of the One {Questions on page 674) Pell. counselor, E. Ward his own PINK&GOLD

CHOCOLATES tests,Insteadthis lastof silencingact servedwhisperedonly to fanpro-a 2.1. Abraham.Cyrus. (Isaiah(Genesis44:28;15:5.)Ezra 1:1.)

rebellion already smoldering against 3 Esther.

such inhuman arrogance. But the faith- 1 Seer. (I Samuel 9:9.)

ful Brooklyn, unmindful of this sad 5. Tiglathpileser, first king of Ascleavage of Mormon ranks, plunged syria. (2 Kings 15:29.

ever eastward toward California. 6. "The Lord gave, and the Lord

Nearer crept the land which for the hath taken away; blessed be the name

Saints held so singular a destiny. At of the Lord."(Job 1:21.)

daybreak, July 31, 1846, a wall of green 7. He that ruleth his spirit. (Prohills was sighted through the naze. verbs 16:32.)

After six weary months of travel, at 8. Sons of Joseph. (I Chronicles 5:

last the place they sought was before 6.)

THIS HOLIDAY SEASON them. Certain that danger of mutiny was the9.Baptist,Four. Jesus,(Luke 1:13);(Luke Isaac,1:28);(GeneJohn,

'Order Your From Dealer Candy Now"* Favorite * past,*See CaptainJournal History,RichardsonJan. 1, 1847—2A.now unlocked sis 10.18:10);Samuel.Samson,(I Samuel(Judges15:22.)13:3.)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

THE GENERAL'S BOOTS (Concluded from page 716) riedly. "I have to get thees for my

"I might have known! Well, isn't mother, Senor. She need it real bad!

it?"She ache all over, in arms, legs, and

The boy's eyelids were meekly chest. She ache until she almost cry,

downturned and his head was Senor. The doctor at clinic, he call

bowed. it neuritis and say to get best elec-

"Si, Senor general,"he mumbled tric heating pad there are. But we

slowly. "Si, it is gone. But I do not have no money for one. Yet we have

just throw it away! Besides I do not to get pad. We have to!"

need shoes. For one whole month The boy paused with a low sigh.I go thees way. I not mind.""Then you give me five dollars. DLD CHURCH

"Oh, you don't!"the general Shoes, Senor? I am young and strong

snapped. "You think I gave you the and my feet they are tough. But

five for doubt. dollars pleasure no my mother—no."for is in the box? some CandyWhat boy's eyes were moist as his The BODESyoung senorita?"voice broke. The general shifted

"No,"the boy shook his head. about uncomfortably.

general!""No, Senor tell didn't me, son?"you "Why WANTED book, a "Then gentle. voice of course! One His became "Why For enlarging its library of five dollars?"costwhich didn't before about your you tell me

The general's mocking voice mother?"reference works, "THE IMslashed like a bayonet. He hovered He stood with a softened expresPROVEMENT ERA"is intermenacingly over the lad for one sion, silent in thought, for a moment, ested in purchasing copies of

foreboding In thetense moment. his the cord then on he untied own earlier Church publications feelsilence, the genthe boy could box. long, white a package, opened

eral's warm breath. With a shrug He took out a pair of gleaming, including

of disgust, the general finally strutbrown, leather boots with handsome, ted off. black heels. THE MILLENNIAL STAR

general!"Senor "Wait, fit just "I think they'll about you,"JOURNAL OF DISCOURSES ran after boy The said. boy's about him. the general "My

"Please, Senor general! Wait!"your size."TIMES AND SEASONS

The officer halted. But there was The young Mexican was too asan insatiated violence in his glower. tonished even to say, "Thanks."He THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

put his sore feet into the boots and and other significant Church

J-HE young Mexican's discovered a good fit. He walked books

sweaty fingers nervously pulled at back and forth. The boots were

the string on his package. He tore comfortable. He stood in front of a Write or phone

it open. "Look, Senor! This presstore window admiring the reflection.

look proud him he saw made Please, please!ent! at it, Senor What Look gift THE soldier the over a decorated just as seegeneral! I do not you Then

throw the money away!"which was originally bought for some

The general's attitude was one of one else. Improvement Era

his silently, watched spent. The general totally was in nopatience He SO North Main Street then pleasure with restraint, mixed Neverthenow. deceptionmood for

less he looked down at the present. he left and hurried on in a brisk, Salt Lake City, Utah

He saw an expensive electric heatmilitary manner. When he returned and give names, dates, volume

ing pad. to camp, the other officers were surnumbers and conditions of books

"It all come to four dollars and prised to see a contented smile on offered.

ninety cents,"the boy explained hurhis face.

MUSIC

(Concluded from page 680) publishing of suitable hymns and

Some of the younger musicians in the anthems, the writing of instructional maYOUNG WOMEN:

Church may be interested in knowing terial for conductors and organists that the general music committee has (material which has been published in Would you like to know been an active organization for many handbooks, in The Improvement Era, where to secure lodgyears. It was organized under the diand in The Deseret News,) the prepings, or what the points

rection of President Heber J. Grant in aration and presentation of choir festiof interest are when

September, 1920, for providing a genervals, the providing of helps for conduccoming to Salt Lake al supervisory body to look to the intertors and organists in the matter of hymnCity? Then visit the inests of music matters within the singing, and the conducting of Churchformation center of the

training for classes choristers commitof the and wide membersChurch. The Lion Churchoperated

direction the organists. projects appointedtee under are Several new 63 East South are House, include First Presidency, this the andof under way, to be announced on now

some of the ablest musicians and eager page as they develop. It is hoped that Temple Street, where

Church workers that may be found. they will be delightful as well as helpfriendly help may be

The work of the committee in past ful to the musicians throughout the found.

years has included the compiling and Church.

iHlelchizedelTPriestliood

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH,

CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, CHARLES A. CALLIS, SYLVESTER Q. CANNON, AND HAROLD B. LEE

SialuL QommiiissL Qlo&A. QmJbojudtimL

assist the sections, a series ofHPhe preliminary exercises of the To themes and subjects is being pre'Chairman: Counselor in quorum presimonthly Priesthood leadership pared [or the use of each standing dency

meeting should be so planned as to committee group at the monthly Responsibility: To see that the gospel

meeting. leadership The taught for to everyleave quorum the standing member ample time

in this material comPriesthoodpublication of this deActivitiesismittee sections discuss to their probwill later than not begin partment 1. is supor group See thatlems. quorum issue "Era."with the January of the

At the monthly Priesthood leaderThis series of suggestions should plied with a teacher and an assisship meeting, each standing committee only supplement the consideration of tant who can teach section should devote itself to reports local problems. 2. See that members are provided

of the work of the preceding month, with:

and plans should be laid for the coming a. The published course of study

month. b. The Era containing the lesson Qui}* outline Qiwuwl is all study the for course The same

c. leaflets Auxiliary manuals and of ofPriesthood Stake the the the Church. quorums are The Members Who 3. is that class with the provided See outlines instudy published the Era Committee? Priesthood Melchizedek material: outside reference

carefullyshould the over be gone by a. Priesthood topics Current stake Melchizedek HPheclass instruction section the to secure

b. Bulletins least four at has mem- "7 committee classbest material, presentation the of

c. library presidency stake Quorum of the bers, one withto the especially points determine to be

4. contact gospel with Maintain a are a others chairman. acting as The consider to possibleemphasized, and

class doctrine the of In elder. Sunday priest, seventy, an a and highquestions that the be asked by may auxiliary other School every and representative each stakes a large fromclass.

of the Melchizedek Priesthood quorclass involving members of the sections other (personal welThe quorums. to the added be ums in the stake may

fare, service, social church and 5. See that the physical conditions three to one and committee. memFrom

miscellaneous) should make similar rebers of the stake high council should of the class room are favorable.

ports of work done; and should plan also be assigned to this committee. 6. Visit delinquent members.

for the coming month's work, in ac- a. Urge their attendance at quorcordance with existing quorum needs. um meetings.

* * (P&Ji&jwiaL WsdfyohsL Tt is inadvisable to hold monthly PriestChairman: The quorum president

hood quorum meetings in connection Responsibility: The welfare of indiwith the monthly stake officers'meetvidual quorum members Chairman: Counselor in quorum presiings. Such a practice usually deprives Activities dency

the stake presidency, members of the 1. Labor with quorum members to Responsibility: To promote Church achigh council, bishops and numerous induce them to be prayerful, full tivity of quorum members in consulother stake and ward officers from attithe payers, observers of the tation with the bishop or stake presitending their Priesthood quorum meetWord of Wisdom, observers of dent

ings. All bearers of the Priesthood, the Sabbath day, and observers of Activities:

whatever their administrative offices the law of the fast. To encourage participation in the

may be, should be in regular attendance 2. Keep advised as to the physical following

at their quorum group and monthly health of each quorum member a. Ward teaching

meetings. and his family, and where neces- b. Missionary work

c. Genealogical and temple work comfort sary give and assistance. officers stake and the monthly When Auxiliaries (M.I.A., Sunday is away d. member quorum jointly, the Where are held meetingsquorum

School, etc.) definite procedure home, fromtime to the dedicated monthly quorum

(administering to sick, in touch e. Ordinances to keep should adopted be should shortenedmeetings not be by the

ordinations, baptisms, confirmais he away, while the with memberinterposition business, belongof stake etc.) tions, children, blessing his family, if it is at home withing properly officer's meetand stake to the

activities musical other f. Choir and while he is away.ing, exercises. opening or by long

3. Keep advised as to the economic g. Other stake and ward assignments

status of each member of the quorum and his family. SoxdoL S-OflUjcidtanwuSu

status of 4. Build the economic up the are the presidency quorumCince secretary or someChairman: Quorum Church through **"* members quorum officers, redirecting the they have else appointed quorum one by the activities. Welfare of four thesponsibility appointing presidency

the 5. attend should The chairman officers committees.standing must The quorum Responsibility: promote To committee welfare weekly ward close the in with touch programkeep miscelsocials welfare through and

because each one acts as chairman of a meetings. laneous projects

committee. Every committee member 6. This committee is responsible for Activities

projects, definite direction of welfare responsthe assignedshould be a athletic events, reunions, 1. Promote in connection officersibility. the projects will hold both quorum The outings. socials, summer projassignments, plans detailed and with budget wherein meetingsweekly

will be made for furthering the interects for the benefit of the quorum 2. Collect quorum funds.

ests of the quorum. itself. 3. Arrange for transportation of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

quorum members to quorum funcdeath, sickness, or accident have enBritish Information Services,"R. C. A.

tions. tered a member's home (or the home Building, New York City. In the issue

4. Cooperate with wards and stakes of a nonmember who resides in the of August 26, 1942, is a brief article

on dates for events. Osgood Ward) this welfare committee from which we quote:

5. Discharge any special assignments is so wellorganized that the quorum "John Bull's menu isn't what it used

including welfare projects if so has been at the farm before sunset the to be. But in spite of wartime rations

authorized by the quorum presiday of the trouble, putting up hay, dighe doesn't have to go hungry for milk, dency. ging potatoes or beets, or taking care vegetables and fish. He's drinking more

of whatever crops needed attention. milk and raising one million five hunfor cut potatoes the they ElWhen JttliLTlobiSu tons vegeof dred thousand farm more pVDML JMcL

ders'lights project in they strung a tables before. than ever Stake Projects ReportsCache on cellar, large potato the Elders with and

his health better But has never been DuringCompleted Summer their children out wives one and came it is least statistics than since today—at

job. Priests this Third evening 2 did Logan and Ward—High available seventy were first ago."yearsacres of beets is sugar class instruction tons valued: at committee (25 The ( Italics ours.

$225.00); Elders: Supplied 100 pounds doing just as good a job with the teachof butter to the storehouse and raised ing as the other committees are with

about 500 pounds of cabbage. their work. Alma Richards

Logan Fourth Ward—High Priests: They hold a yearly social at one of His Record and Testimony

chapel beautification project; Seventies the nearby canyons, and in addition to Ctudents of the Brigham Young Uniand Elders onethird acre of potatoes, this they hold a monthly meeting and versity during the past thirty years,

proceeds to buy butter and eggs. social the fourth Thursday of each and many others interested in athletics,

Priests: Logan month Fifth perWard—High Richards—the

cash, active part.donated acre $75.00 raising one was an outstandat whichWetheiras awivesstaketakecommitteea very willson orrememberthe name.AlmaHe

of beans; Seventies: one acre of potaattended one of these last winter where ing B. Y. U. athlete, achieving a natoes; Elders: 2 acres of corn (sold each lady made a basket lunch, and the tional and an international reputation.

$191.00 of corn on the cob, gave 1,300 baskets were auctioned to the highest From letters recently received from

dozen ears to the ward and now have bidder (with a ceiling price of $2.00 him ( he is a public school teacher, living

price100 cases of fortyfive corn and floor canned; This put of $1.00). in learn Los Angeles) that he sucwe

in of themembers participated. ex- $23.75 fund after quorum the quorum cessfully in intercollegiate competed Logan Ninth Ward—High Priests: penses were paid. The quorum protional and international athletics duringnaone-fourth that the stake acre pole so fast sold for gresses beans committee twentythree years (19091932). He

it.$30.00, oneeighth can hardly acre potatoes keep of up with went to Stockholm, in 1912, Sweden,

yielded one ton; Seventies and Elders: Stake Elders Committee, a member of the American team asto

eggs; 10 cases of Falls, Elders: furnished Idaho North in the compete Olympic games, and wonstorehouse Nielson. with of beans, 25 cases and by Reuel N. the high jump, breaking the world's

have onehalf acre of potatoes. ord in this event. He won the decathrec-

Priests: Logan Tenth Ward—High (ten Fair the events) at World's -TOBACCO lon250 pounds of NO -LIQUOR of beans cases 25 and in in 1915. Francisco San won Hestring delivered beans to storehouse; the COLUMN national in put the championships shot

Seventies: beansof 250 pounds navy in high 1918, point 1913, jumps high was

Elders: 200 prebeans; of pounds navy in the Expeditionary American man Did You Act?sented each has quorum member who after in the Forces 1919, France, War into calledbeen a service with armed a letter with accompanying Tn August receiving of the from a medal hands

ofBook Mormon, Articles of Faith, and material stake to every was sent stating Pershing General he was the tract.a song that asking immediately chairman he athlete greatest in the F. A. E.

Priests North Logan in his to stake inaugurate a movement Ward—High his During career hundreds he won Elders:and Raising of 2,000 pounds least in get at the people hundred one fact, of In writers sports other medals. beans;navy Seventies: of cases 15 their senstake to with communicate said he papers and have more wonstrawberries, canned to delivered and in ators representatives and Washingin other than world. the medals any manthe storehouse. all they ton could ask to do and them Benson Ward—150 pounds of butter, to get enacted into law Senate Bill But now to the point: "I told the

6 cases of eggs. S.860. This is the Shepard Bill, pubLord"(he writes) "that if He would

in the the high jumps win help me to Park Hyde in lished Ward—2 acres of peas. in the this column July issue

at Stockholm, I would Games acres of beets.314 the read Olympic of Era. Therefore all who

best to be a good and set do boy my Bill. this will the read perhaps haveActive Committees Are a Further, example.""Thirty good Bill the repeat reminder, as a But we LifeThe of the Quorum offered ago by $1,000 when I was to reenact law, a proposes made by years

Dear Brethren: Congress in 1917 when the United a large tobacco concern to allow my

to to advertise their prodbe used name are pleased to hereyou hand\17e first States entered the War, World it temptation whatever. no was vv with report of Sixth the a Elders sale, giving, or uct, the prohibited which

Quorum, (Osgood Ward) of North possession of all kinds of alcoholic bevMany times I had needed money badly that much."Idaho Falls Stake, covering some of erages in all places where the boys in—yet not

their many activities. Albert V. Richour armed forces live, train or work. Alma Richards is a modest, thoroughards is president with J. P. Allred and Did you, the reader, write to the senly honest man who attributes his athJohn Drolinger counselors. ators and representatives from your letic successes and moral strength to

This presidency have the four standstate and district? Are you in favor of parental teachings, keeping the Word

ing committees fully organized, and the Bill becoming a law? If so, do not of Wisdom, and prayer. He has always

each committee is doing its job well. fail in your duty to our boys in arms believed that liquor and tobacco are not

A few years ago the Church service and to the country. If you have not good for man—a truth revealed to the

committee took over all the ward teachdone so, write your letters without deProphet Joseph Smith in 1833. Alma

ing of the Osgood Ward for one year, lay. After election may be too late. Richards has set an example of moral

with the result of one hundred percent courage, fidelity to parental teachings, for that year. What the British Say and faithfulness in keeping the comThe welfare committee is most outTulletins From Britain is a weekly mandments of the Lord, worthy of imistanding. On several occasions where publication sponsored by "The tation by every boy in the Church.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

Melchizedek Priesthood e. Much instruction formerly given to the Church (215; D. & C. 28:2,

7) which we do not possess nowOutline of Study, December, 1942 man (4) None other appointed to re- (61)

Text: Teachings of the Prophet ( 1 ) Bible contains a portion of ceive them until he be taken, if

Joseph Smith God's word to his ancient Saints he abide in me ( D. & C. 43: 2-3

the Church (verse 5) apostles sustainedLESSON 38 (2) GodNowherein thesaidBiblebythatthe Hemouthwouldof (5)(6) AThelawtwelveof

Education and Intelligence (Continued) not speak again as prophets, seers and revela- 3. The glory of God is intelligence (D. f. The light of revelation unlocks the tors, and special witnesses

& C. 93:36) truths of the scriptures (304) (109)

a. God is perfect intelligence (55) g. Gives knowledge upon knowledge, b. Revelation to guide officers

b. His wisdom alone sufficient to govwhich bringeth joy and life eternal ( 1 ) Privilege of any officer in this

ern and regulate the mighty cre- (D. & C. 42:61) Church to obtain revelations,

ation ( 1 ) Salvation cannot come withso far as relates to his particu- c. Truth is knowledge of things as out revelation (160) lar calling and duty in the

they are, and as they were, and as (2) Without revelation we can Church (111) they are to come (D. & C. 93:24) neither know nor understand (2) Contrary to economy of God

d. Ye are little children and ye cannot anything of God or the devil for any member, or any one, to

bear all things now; ye must grow (205) receive instruction for those in

in grace and in the knowledge of (3) Without it we cannot detect authority, higher than themthe truth (297; D. 6 C. 50:40) false from true manifestations selves (21)

e. He that keepeth His commandments (206) c. Individual revelation

receiveth truth and light until he is (4) Makes known the true object ( 1 ) If any person have a vision or glorified in truth and knoweth all of existence (324) a visitation from a heavenly things (93:28) (5) Shows that the riches of eternmessenger, it must be for his

f. Exalted persons may have one glory ity are within the compass of own benefit and instruction

upon another (354) the obedient (11) (21) g. Without knowledge we cannot be (6) Enables us to see and know (2) Personal testimony received

saved (217) for ourselves (13) through the power of the Holy ( 1 ) A man is saved no faster than Discuss: Ghost (11, 13)

he gains knowledge (217, 297) 1. Cite instances to demonstrate the need (a) Each may know for him-

(2) Without it he will be captive for modern revelation to meet needs of our self to some evil power having day. (b) Not dependent on man for

more knowledge knowledge of God (3) Impossible for a man to be LESSON 40 4. How revelations are received

is revelator a Holy Ghost (328) a. The saved in ignorance (301) Revelation ( Continued) the receive can Holy ( 1 ) Ignorance, superstition No man (4) and

continuous 2. Revelation revelareceiving without Ghost bigotry retard the Church

a. Continuous revelation needed (3 tions (138 > Nephi 29:6) spirit of reveIntimation the of h. (2) of true doctrine power The (341)

( minister of can a be 1 ) man No lation i. (151) for to us Necessary have an underthe Christ except he has Jesus intelligence flow- (a) Feel pure of himself God (343) testimony of Jesus (160) into ing j. you to ought study night and day Westanding

is testimony the of Jesus (2) The of of strokes ideas (b) Sudden the purpose of existence our (324) spirit of prophecy (269) fulfilled to things soon k. be faith to virtue, to virtue Add knowltrue teacher witness and (3) A (c) Presented unto your mind edge, and seek thinq every good

spirit possess of the must prophSpirit of the by God (217) ecy (269) to 1. learning (d) understand intelligence Superior By bestowed upIf Spirit the receive not ye ye (4) Spirit the of you God may as such the on gospel obey (67)

(: 1 shall teach not 42 C. D. & spirit 4 into the of grow President m. F. inJoseph Smith on

If the oracles of have not (5) we revelation telligence to Pecfec'The Way the of are people not God, we is (e) Holy The Hon, 230231 p. Ghost—this

(272) God spirit (D. revelation of theDiscuss: b. revelations the Search observe and C. 8:3) & 1. In definite what are faith and way them exercise thought and Must (3)the Spirit holy aids in the quest true of

( the revelations of Search God; 1 ) 9:7-9) (D. study C. &knowledge? the prophecies, study reand in to fervent response Given (4) 2. truths the should Latterday What joice that the grants unto God faith prayer and (138)Saint in include his studies? Seers world Prophets and (12) truth obtain to Best and (5) way

) ( Transcripts the of records from 2 is to from not ask wisdom 39LESSON eternal the world (11) in to to but books, go GodRevelation diwritings Sacred given (3) by prayer, divine teachobtain and

Teachings Read the Prophet of Joseph rect inspiration for the of good ing (191) 1113,Smith, 21, 5354, 61, 71, 111, 109, pp. man (53) ( the given doctrine ProphTrue 6 ) 138, 160161, 151, 191, 205, 206, 214, 215, live obligation in to ac- (4) Our et revelations the of Jesus by

272,269, 321, 304, 325, 328, 355; C. D. their precepts cordance with & Christ, inspiration of and by

8:3; 9:7-9; 7; 28:2, 61; 43:2-5; 42:14, 3 (54) Spirit the Holy (355) 29:6; 10:4.Nephi Moroni will of benefit us heaven Will (5) in nothtime to which come (7) A 1. is revelation given Why if it with only comply we shall withheld ing be (138) a. declare will God's concerning To

hid of foundation from Things (6) truth Eternal through the (8) known family human (54) last in revealed world days the of the revelations in b. give just God them holy to laws and To

(321) in ordinances, of His and their regulate way conduct is revelation received 3. By whom to c. prayer answer (325) guide in direct them a that To way

to a. Revelations the Church Discuss: joint might heirs them make He with

( of seer, President the Church a 1 ) His Son 1. of the each Church member may How revelator, translator, a a a and d. revelation suit Modern to needed the truth? certain of receive testimony a

all gifts prophet, the having of present 2. (71) the significance of followthe Explain the he bestows which upon God differently are situated (1) scripthe the of Prophet: ing "Search words Weconditions (D. Church 107:92) C. & from other that any people ever revelations the pubwhich we tures—search It is the for of order (2) heaven existed this earth lish, upon the in Father your Heavenly ask and

(2) Former revelations to other revelations of the mind and will name of His Son Jesus Christ, to manifest people not sufficient for needs of God to the Church to come the truth unto you.... You will not

of today through the presidency (111) then be dependent on man for the knowledge (3) Need for gathering to a place (3) No one except the President of of God; nor will there be any room for specof deliverance to escape desothe Church to receive revelaulation"(11) Cf. Moroni's promise (Morlation tions and commandments for oni 10:4)

*KFBoronlcTteffiood CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD PRIESTS', TEACHERS', AND DEACONS'QUORUMS, WINDER

Thirtysecond in a series o/ articles WARD, BIG COTTONWOOD STAKE, HAVE 100% written by the late Elder Orson F. STANDARD QUORUM AWARD GOAL

Whitney of the Council of the Twelve. Published originally in

"The Contributor."

/\N April 6, 1841, the Saints in Philadelphia were organized into a

Stake, with Jacob Syphret as Bishop, and Jesse Prince and James Nicholson as his Counselors. On April 15th the

Saints in New York City were organized, with John M. Bernhisel as Bishop,

and Richard Burge and William Acker as his Counselors. And on May 22nd

the Saints remaining in Kirtland were given a Stake organization, in which

Thomas Burdick was Bishop, with Hyrum Winters and Reuben McBride as his Counselors. Doubtless there were

other Stakes and branches besides those, but the above will suffice to show effort Theseto qualifypriests,forunderthe Standardthe close QuorumsupervisionAwardof Bishopfor 1942.ClaudeTheyI. Ashton,are workingare puttinghard toforthovercomeevery

the spread of the gospel, and the strong the inroads into the priests'age group, incident to the present national emergency.

impetus given to the cause of Zion by the Missouri and Ohio persecutions.

On the twentyseventh of May, 1840,

Bishop Edward Partridge died at Nauvoo, in the fortyseventh year of his age. On the nineteenth of January,

1841, George Miller was chosen by the voice of revelation to succeed him in the Bishopric. In the same revelation

occurs this paragraph: "And again, I

say unto you, I give unto you Vinson

Knight, Samuel H. Smith and Shadrach

Roundy, if he will receive it, to preside over the bishopric."These were the

first nominations made for the Presiding

Bishopric, but if the brethren named ever acted in that capacity, the fact is not recorded in the Prophet's history.

of in to establish early the teachers year quorums second Standard began first and Quorum The KnightBishop Vinson died at Nauqualify. will activities first indicate nine records. months'H. that both quorums The Awardvoo, 1842. on July 31, first counselor in charge Ashton, teachers, to Heninger, together of with Bishop Peery quorum

(To be continued) advisers John Davis and Francis W. Schaelling, are included in the photograph.

Two of the ahove three quorums of deacons qualified for the Standard Quorum Victor Spencer, LaMar Poulton, and Blaine Eustice.

Award for 1941. They will qualify one hundred percent for 1942. Rex C. Reeve, chairman of the Winder Ward Aaronic Priesthood Committee

Douglas B. Cutler, second counselor to Bishop Ashton at the time the at the time these photographs were taken, is now bishop of the new Valley View

photograph was taken, is shown in the photograph, together with quorum advisers Ward, Big Cottonwood Stake.

- - lllnril Icnclnnn CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

Owdnq. (b&xjumbsVi,

THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

'T'he Message of the First Presidency, the Message of the First Presidency, it tain for the month of December only.

delivered in the Salt Lake Taberis urged that they study the text and be Each bishop will be sent a sufficient nacle, October 3, 1942, is to be disfamiliar therewith. Their knowledge of number of pamphlets for distribution to

tributed by the ward teachers during the the message will contribute to their eneach Latterday Saint family on record month of December. thusiastic proposal of its careful readin his ward.

Teachers could scarcely be called ing and study in the homes. This assignment provides an excelupon to fulfill any assignment of more It is not intended that ward teachers lent opportunity for the conduct of an

importance in the line of their duty. Inshall debate any features of the message allout ward teaching campaign during

structions given by the First Presidency with those who have personal opinions the month of December. Bishops are

bespeak the mind and will of the Lord which may be at variance with those urged to look to their ward teaching orFirst instructions of the The ganization to and personnel with a viewto fortunate His people. we are as presented. How

the the of Presidency are inspired word full filling vacancies preand making that, in thea people midst of unprecedwill and be accepted as such by parations to insure the success of this listen conditions, to Lordented world can we in to those look who Him for guidance undertaking.the seers, reof prophets, voices and

life. of the wayvelators, their strengthened be and by

words of comfort and guided by their Missions To Be Supplied counsel. Pamphlets Will Be Mailed Direct

To Ward Bishops For the information of mission presidents, a sufficient supply of the pamTeachers Should Study Message Pamphlets will be mailed direct to phlets will be sent to each mission office

While it is not presumed that the ward bishops instead of stake clerks. at the same time shipment is made to

ward teachers should attempt to explain This variation in procedure will mainwards.

ffintuaTHlessaqes

stood and are to be in force in every Valley in 1849, two years after the Pio-5 dance the ward or stake shall hold. The neers arrived there.

dance manager might quiz the execuAt Palm Canyon, a section of beautiful tives, of the Presidio executives might (endeared or Park to Morone SfiCutiVes in Battalion to sure order the others because quiz all be mons the Mormon=3 is erected approxiof there ), that the standards understanding Monument

Remember Your Calendar and policies is complete. mately five hundred Latterday Saints

/\n November 3rd, your assembly All must cooperate, if dancing, which gathered early in the evening to witness in singparticipate the the pageantry, part lovely of acour been such a has *"* play oneact should a be program ing, tivities, delicious is meal. enjoy progress. a to Climax and make

it Is Plays. ready? thefrom Book of in of stake the held the a dance day was rehearsals place so taken enoughHave for Special Committee & hall. recreation of Diego San Members their willthat not actors only the know Contact left this Work celebration, as Stake did the

artistic presentation?parts, give but an

filled pioneers of hearts with 1849, with presidents of the Mutual ward The 10th, departyour November On for their blessings. thanksgiving organizations form to asked have been period. their recreationalments have pageant, of a copy which has The the of to according committee needs a to the as with checked them youHave I. file at been placed on head- A. M. contacts to the ward, with make memthis thatprogress so preparation and quarters, written B. Bay. Josie was by in of the bers have Church moved whohalf delightful will enhour and be report a submitted by—From affiliated fully yet not themhave and efforts? tocouraging membership Calder, Superintendent Kenneth activities. selves In with some ward

is the 17th, a assembly November I. Y, A. M. M. difcases, families migrated have from

story. or "Peace some Camp,"Over ferent the to parts of centhe Church

will Theatre Deseretother not story Thanksgiving good ters plentiful. has where become work

fine storyteller the giveonly oppor- a Begins Season cases, In other and young many men art, also, will histunity but to show have from come little home women Deseret away Theatre, theatre rpHE if well, appreciation the increase done A latter case, particularly, alone. In the Intergroup, formerly as the known storiesof the group. by if is their situation perilous not they do its stake Organization, began Drama

is social of the 24th hour November activities. in fully part take the Church in Salt winter season of the Lake week

it is to thatdancing. music your See shifts swing Sometimes and Sunday the with 26 October "George comedy

it it if is beforehand,good. Rehearse interfere regular work with ChurchSlept Here."nightWashington Three

thatmechanical, so what you know habits, going but nothing prevent need ly for the performances U.S.O., were

hall. in bestrecords sound your all their possible to asdoing the keep for three public. the general and The

Class Work sociation of the Saints and absorb play was directed by Donald B. Alder.

the through various the sacrament and should well Class under be work spirit the 'the gospel of in9s If visit will executives now. youway

is called committee to on The work me habit,classes as can a regular you know the with Gleaner harmony memberstaff in teachingthe effectiveness of your Interest Special ship other group departments and any interest suggest of buildingand ways

I. auxiliaries, of A., the other with -c-0——M. attendance.and

particularly the direction of under and Leading Articles for

Opportunity Night the bishop of the ward, and in harmony Current Study

Lend a helping hand to the fine effort with agencies he may set up. This comarticles, unusually apgood energeticalshould prayerfully, JIany to get mittee and Gleaners Menof your M

propriate ly, intelligently, for study and gracefully among our workdistributed the "I Dare You"pamphlet.

They have a wonderful project. among those who have come to live groups, are found in current issues of

among us, to induce them to come to our own and other leading periodicals.

Quiz the Dance Committee Mutual and participate in the activities One stimulating discussion could be thereof. held on the article that appeared in Executives of wards and stakes have the October Era, page 624—"What

already received the pamphlet "A Call Y. W. M. I. A. Receives Others Think of the Mormons."By

For Dance Managers."Serious study New General Secretary analyzing the good and bad characteritsof restatecontents, including the istics as us, seen those of not by we apTL-Telena has been Larson W. is believe standards, ofment duty a we can fuller perhaps to under- a come A pointed secretary general the of fulfill.all will Authorities General The standing in of to order need what do we Improvement Young Mutual Women's theare concerned deeply with dance to faults tighter cling our overcome and to Association succeed Roland, Ermasituation, the as orurged us and have to virtues. our resigned to her marriage upon who recrearesponsible forganization the interesting series Branon Sam An Stringam Stevens. A.tion to the of the complete Church, issue, also in the nan page began same Sister the Larson, graduate a from inofcommittees manager dance and articles will 620. These most prove

filled of University Utah, mission has a in unitstructors the of Church. every stimulating to those groups which have

in the States Mission. Northern She

is start. the only appointment hisinterested in themselves The Church has the a general of been board member that the seeExecutives tory. should dance since 1937.

is full in given the supportmanager the for SepDigest Reader's From responsibility, that thearduous and Interest Special tember, groups may Stake Diego instructors are permitted to Sandance to study Expend- "They Were Ploneer Celebration like DaY for practices the arrangements somake this able."called a Since been war has

necessary to teach our young people The San Diego Stake M. I. A., retotal war, we must learn the full improper and pleasurable dances. Immepeating its splendid effort of last year plication of the words. For a like

diately the executives should call the sponsored a July 24 celebration duplireason, the article "The Russian Batdance manager in with his committee cating as nearly as possible many of tlefront** will be a good one to disand in an informal study assure themthe events of the first twentyfourth of cuss. Two articles that will also give

selves that all the standards are underJuly commemoration held in Salt Lake {Continued on page 736).

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

{Continued from page 735) have had the class officers in consultacommittee sees no objection to such acneeded information on the war situation to plan the distribution, reading, tivity, but on the contrary feels intion appeared in The Saturday Eveand passing on of the individual clined to urge leaders to encourage ning Post of September 26, and are enpamphlets. members of their troops to participate

titled "I Saw Manila Die"and "Hitler November 10th will truly be an in these activities as much as possible.

Can't Do Business with the Church."Opportunity night. A frequent criticism is to the effect that

In the Science News Letter of Sepother officers often call for Explorers tember 26 will be found many items Gleaner Notes without ample notice. Objections to

disinteresting justified, to such a procedure lead but may bewhich would Gleaners of the new hope all We picture. leader current inof the world can preventcussion many times the the with acquainted become have

Since the world is changing so rapidGleaner Sheaf which is printed on convenience in the operation of his ly, Special Interest groups will need to page 199 of our Manual and that they program by anticipating such requests keep alert to those worthwhile articles have resolved within their hearts to beforehand. Regular attendance of the

which will help all of us adjust to this strive each day to make this their code leader at ward officer meetings will changing world. of living. often entirely remove this common obIt is jection. suggested, therefore, that valreceiving the While M Men are instead of attempting to the prevent are training technical and uable and

of Explorers in other M. cherish, our participation for ideals fighting the we

cultural arts the I. A. activities be conwill to the chalwell meet Gleaners doIllllleSJiean sidered the of a part Explorer program at with Discuss them home. lenge here

the suggestions given on pages 214, 215 and the various directors as technical I Dare You To Be Strong of the Manual—"Gleaners in a Time assistants to the Explorer leader.

T'his is the subject for the first Opof Conflict,"and formulate plans to * portunity Night of the season, Nodo your bit. Simplifying the Explorer Program

vember 10th, in the M MenGleaner More than ever before will we, as At a time when essentials only can department. War has ever called for Gleaner leaders, need the help and inbe considered, Explorer leaders should

courage, and the challenge given out spiration that comes to us through seekbe concerned about emphasizing the in fundamental features of the program. this year by the M Men and Gleaners, ing guidance from our Father

to be clean, to be strong, to speak well, heaven. The following suggestive basic objecand to participate in defense, fits the "A Teacher's Prayer,"the author of tives are offered as guides in building

times. which is unknown, might well be the a program for the coming year. Explan-

A unique and interesting idea has prayer of every Gleaner Leader: atory material and methods may be

to supplying found in Log No. 10 and the Suppleput into effect by the been I heart be open would pray may that my ment. ten department of the the members inspiration Heavenly to receive from my

thousand little booklets. These bear Father. I desire humility, wisdom, and 1 Athletics. Organize a team in the troop

the title of the reading course book by strength. I would know my own weaknesand participate in district tournament

William H. Danforth, I Dare You. It ses and have power to overcome them. I in any or all of the following sports:

is with the author's permission that seek ability to read, reason, think, and obvanball, basketball, Softball.

2. activities. fiveSocial the out Carry before never serve, that so go my I may thus. out goes the pamphlet

point ExplorerJunior program I confor understanding girls pray unprepared. that stirring thought is built It the on sisting I of: getacquainted girls. I of hearts the that reach my may party—Ocof constitutes a group youth our today tober; I the find ward that love tolerance and need may party—Decem- a march the March, Pioneers on ber; spring New oneact Bless their to me souls God. lead and way dancingplay—February; Saints Latterday winning among to the in task. my social—April;

It life. first 3. clean of the honors, Advancement. prevalence summeree—June.Promote the of

carries on the great idea of the taber- a title, and Arrowhead award.

nacle meeting, June, 1941, when the as- 4. Emergency service. Select only one

essential simple, activity wartime and presented the Church of youth sembled efficiently. carry through scope, national of program a a battle fi$P>is 5. spemeetings. community Troop Use alcoholic tobacco, the of against use cialists title activities of and reports

drinks, and improper attitudes and Explorers and the M. I. A. by boys of troop.

practices touching morals. This was

the clean plea for their life, and to it *-*"PxplorersM. I. A. areWhenmembersthey becomeof the Y.affili-M. loyalty. their they pledged

The essential sentence of the pamphated with any M. I. A. sponsored troop, let is: "You will do your part. Wheththey are automatically enrolled in the rluniors

leader Explorer I. A. Y. Every M. air; M. in the sea, or land, er on the on—-o—organization, officer is the of ward an office, regior shop, in home, whether Membership and asbishop the and appointed ward by live to will be afraid not ment, you Talent Night supervision the under to serve signed ideals."share your and

The unique phase of the project is of the ward president of Y. M. M. I. "VTovember tenth is the time set

that it is in very truth a challenge, a A. This brief statement seems necesapart for Junior membership and

dare. On a page at the back is a place sary because occasionally a leader aptalent night. Enthusiastic preparation

for five signatures. Following the prinparently feels that he has no obligaand careful planning should make this

ciple of the chain letter, it will go from tion toward his sponsor the Y. M. M. a memorable occasion in the life of

one to another and after five have I. A. As a result, when calls are made each Junior Girl. Be sure every girl

other directors and music and indrama fifteen or sixteen has years of been of at by average we hope signed—and of officers assistance for from members to join vited secondyou. each will Have read least ten come have anit—it protests vociferous troop, the Explorer sister girl or act to one it year first. as a big out the sent to person back who

Each one who signs his name to the are made for disrupting the department more of the incoming girls, making arprecious little book, indicates that he program. rangements to call for and be a special

truly accepts the challenge "to take The Explorer leader should recoghostess to them. Let the program be

your place in the foreranks, to live, exnize the cultural activities as opportunientertaining and inspiring, a pleasing emplify, and teach our Latterday Saint ties for growth and development for example of Junior talent. The making

standards."his boys. Many boys of this age group of the Junior bouquet will be a delightBefore this, doubtless the pamphlets are eager to try out for a play or sing ful ceremony in which every girl will

have been sent to the wards by the in a chorus or participate in some other feel honored to participate.

stake executives, and the class leaders general M. I. A. activity. The Explorer [Continued on page 738)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

JOSEPH F. SMITH, PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH

(Continued from page 695) President of the Church. [For full parauthority and the keys of the Priesthood

It has always been understood, ticulars regarding this calling, the reader from the heavens, Oliver Cowdery and so the revelations declare, that is referred to the remarks of Elder shared in the conferring of those powers this office is hereditary. In a revelaJoseph Fielding Smith at the April Conwith the Prophet. Had Oliver Cowtion to Hyrum Smith a few days ference in 1930. It is only necessary at dery remained faithful and had he surafter the organization of the Church, this time to refer to this calling with a vived the Prophet under those condithe Lord foreshadowed this Priestbriefer statement.] In this same revelations, he would have succeeded as

hood as it would descend upon the tion and in the same call, the Lord said, President of the Church by virtue of head of Hyrum Smith, and implied speaking of Hyrum: this divine calling.

blessing also This confirmed upwas this forth time from I appoint unto Andthat which it would be would an office the of Oliver the head on Cowdery by that prophet, a him and a seer, be he may pertain family, to his in the followfol- Prophet, 5, 1834, in the December revelator church, as a unto well and mying words; as servant Joseph; lowing words: my

in also act concert with That he may my I Behold, you, unto speak a few Hyrum, Brother Oliver hands upon I laid my shall that receive servant he Joseph; and for art also thouwords; under no condemnaCowdery, ordained and him an Assistantshall counsel servant from Joseph, who my is tion, heart thy opened, thy tongue and and President, saying these the words: "In

the unto keys him whereby show he may is calling loosed; to exhortation, thy and and of Christ, crucified Jesus for name was who

receive, the with and be crowned ask and to strengthen continually. the church Wherethe sins the of I lay world, hands upon my

blessing, glory, and honor, and and same is fore the forever, thy church duty unto and thee ordain AssistantPresident and thee an gifts that priesthood, of the and this because of thy family. Amen. (D. & C. priesthood, the in of the High and Holy Priesthood,

that him once were put upon was my serv23:3) of the Church Latterday C. Saints."(D. H.

The statement that the duty of HyantThatOlivermy Cowdery;servant Hyrum may bear record 2:176.)

rum Smith was to the Church forever of the things which I shall show unto him, This ordination is in accord with the because of his family, evidently conthat his name may be had in honorable recalling as stated in the Doctrine and veys the thought that he would succeed membrance from generation to generation, Covenants 20:2-4. The Prophet exto the office of Patriarch and that it forever and ever. (D. 6 C. 124:9496.) plained that this ordination means that

should continue in his posterity to the In other words, in addition to the ofthe office of AssistantPresident is to end of time, for, surely, it would have fice of Patriarch, Hyrum Smith was assist in presiding over the whole to continue in this way to last forever blessed with another and even higher Church, and to officiate in the absence in the Church upon the earth among calling, that is, to hold the keys of of the President, and to rank ahead of mortal men. Then again, the blessing Presidency jointly with the Prophet Jothe counselors in the First Presidency.

pronounced upon the head of Hyrum seph Smith, and verses 94, 95, and 96 He also explained that "The office of

Smith's father, was that this calling was of section 124, in the Doctrine and this Priesthood is also to act as spokesto come upon his head "and his seed Covenants, quoted above, have no refman, taking Aaron for an example. The

after him, to the uttermost."And so, erence whatever to the calling of Patrivirtue of the above Priesthood is to hold

down through the history of the Church arch to the Church; they refer to the the keys of the kingdom of heaven or

this doctrine has been recognized. blessing which had formerly been given the Church militant."(MS. Book A,

Joseph Smith, Sen., was appointed in to Oliver Cowdery, which blessing was chapter one. )

December, 1833, the first Patriarch to given in compliance with the law of This blessing which had been given the Church. He served from that time witnesses as it is set forth in the scripto Oliver Cowdery was by revelation

until his death, September 14, 1840. In tures, which law made it necessary that and commandment conferred upon Hythe revelation given January 19, 1841, two witnesses stand at the head of the rum Smith, and he was ordained to be

Hyrum Smith, who at the time was servDispensation of the Fulness of Times an AssistantPresident, January 19, ing as second counselor to the Prophet to testify to the world of the restora1842, and to hold the keys jointly with in the Presidency of the Church, was tion of the Church and the Holy Priestthe Prophet Joseph Smith at the head removed from this position and called hood. This law was given in the very of the Dispensation of the Fulness of

to take the position of Patriarch. Howbeginning of time and is stated by Paul Times, as the second witness and elder

ever, in calling Hyrum to this position, in these words: "In the mouth of two in the Church. It should be understood

the Lord also elevated him from the or three witnesses shall every word be that this blessing is in no sense a part position of second counselor, to that of established."(2 Cor. 13:1) (See Deut. of the patriarchal calling. It was not

assistant President of the Church, to 17:6) Our Lord, Himself, complied conferred upon Joseph Smith, Sen., who

take the place vacated by Oliver with this law. When the Jews declared was Patriarch when Oliver Cowdery

Cowdery when he was excommunithat He stood alone with no one to testireceived this blessing. It has not been,

cated. The call given at this time is fy for Him, therefore they were under and cannot be, given to any Patriarch

very significant and is as follows: no obligation to believe Him, the Savior succeeding Hyrum Smith, who still holds

them: answered those keys with the Prophet presiding verily I say unto And again, you, let my

last over this dispensation. Though I bear record of myself, yet myservant William or- [Law] appointed, be

dained, and anointed, as a counselor unto record is true; for I know whence I came, The offices of Patriarch and Assistmy servant Joseph, in the room of my servand whither I go; but ye cannot tell whence antPresident were held by Hyrum

I go. whither I come, and thatant servant Hyrum, Hyrum until my may office Smith the martyrdom. of The

I flesh; the after judge judge man. no Ye the office oftake Patriarch, Priesthood and Patriarch then offered to William was

if is true: I judge, judgment yet And my his father, appointed untowhich was him by Smith, the only surviving of the brother I I for the that alone, Father but not and am blessing right; alsoby and by Prophet, President and Brigham Young me. shall from henceforth the sent hold That he

keys of the patriarchal blessings upon the It is also written in your law, that the declared it was his by right. William

head of all my people. (D. & C. 124:91-2) testimony of two men is true. Smith confirmed the saying of the Lord,

I am one that bear witness of myself, and "many are called but few are chosen,"

Here the right of hereditary possesthe Father that sent me beareth witness of for he failed to magnify this calling, sion in the patriarchal office is pointed me. turned against his brethren and was exout and the office was conferred upon In harmony with this law the Lord communicated. He was never sustained

Hyrum Smith. There was another blesscalled Oliver Cowdery as the second by the vote of the people, and therefore

ing, not included in the patriarchal ofwitness to stand at the head of this disnever did legally act; he was called,

fice, that was also bestowed upon Hypensation assisting the Prophet in holdbut was not chosen.

rum Smith by virtue of this revelation, ing the keys. The records inform us The third Patriarch was Father John

and that is the calling to be an Assistantthat every time the Prophet received (Concluded on page 738)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

JOSEPH F. SMITH, PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH

(Concluded from page 737) 1911, after holding the office for over whatever is pronounced upon their

Smith, only surviving uncle of the fiftysix years. heads, and come forth in the resurrecProphet. He was called to this posiThe fifth Patriarch was Hyrum Gibbs tion to obtain eternal life. To gain

tion because Hyrum Smith did not leave Smith, grandson of John Smith, and the such blessings, however, all the ordin- a son old enough to receive the office. greatgrandson of Hyrum Smith. He ances and covenants belonging to the

Father John Smith played a prominent was ordained under the hands of Presigospel and to exaltation must by them part in the early days in Utah. In Audent Joseph F. Smith, May 9, 1912. He be received. A blessing given by a

gust, 1847, before the return of Presidied February 4, 1932, in Salt Lake Patriarch is intended to point out the dent Brigham Young to Nebraska, FaCity. For ten years this office has been path which the recipient should travel.

ther John Smith was placed in charge vacant, except for the fact that PresiIt should be given by the spirit of revein the Salt Lake Valley as the president dent Heber J. Grant appointed temporlation and should be a great comfort and

of the little colony. He died May 23, arily as "acting"Patriarch, Elder incentive to the recipient to continue on

1854, in Salt Lake City. George F. Richards of the Council of in faithfulness to the end. The Patrithe Twelve Apostles who was a patriarch also holds the key by which the

The fourth Patriarch was John Smith, arch for a number of years in the Tooele lineage of those whom he blesses may eldest son of Hyrum Smith. He was Stake. be made known. It is a very important

an inexperienced boy twentythree The Patriarch to the Church holds and most holy and sacred calling. We

years of age at the time of his ordinathe keys of blessing for the members of all feel sure that the new Patriarch will tion, and after he was ordained Presithe Church. He has the authority to uphold the traditions of the Church, be

dent Brigham Young sent him on a misseal blessings upon the heads of the a credit to his family, and magnify his sion that he might gain experience. He members in all parts of the Church, that calling in the spirit of humility, prayer,

died in Salt Lake City, November 6, they may, if they prove faithful, enjoy and faith.

.

MUTUAL MESSAGES (Continued from page 736) Explorer work has already shown its ing and the Scoutmaster is not comJoint Activities benefits. One of these is that the chairpetent.

T AST spring the JuniorExplorer comman of each troop committee is drawn Another valuable relationship is that greater commitresponsibility of usefulScout the district a and member"mittee the of general board made a intoness stake the being is with associated by the of to a be made tee membersurvey over thousand among two Jundistrict asis to committee. committee for This the Priesthood good Aaronicior Girls their to learn Explorers and of district for cooperation activities the troop. district and sist in and the The toreactions the proJunior-Explorer

receives committee fresh the programs. problems the satisfaction?ram. great our we To direct is the from to troop able and that the themselves people ound young

its closer practical keep to work. This

joint actividelighted these withwere situation avoids the which sometimes ties. stated majority overwhelming An

is occurs the governing where body joint in particithat spent evenings the Girls dealing in theory, while the iBeeHiVe govbody enjoyable thepation the of most were =C5 is practice. in dealing erned

for of year. asked more them Most

joint work: lessons, parties, sports, or The benefit to the troop is obvious. Calling All BeeKeepers

the has of chairman The troop ward very dancing drama. and were We alert faced are sounds and you An often been of figurehead a than more find these programs to acceptedhappy sign "Stop! a Look! with warning is Scouter. an active a * Usually he people. the so wholeheartedly young by the consider Listen!"Stop swarm and busy the man, the troop of subject and

A Fivepoint Program is not often on his mind. Now meetgatherings of the past few weeks and

'T'his year we have planned again a ing with the district group and acting with a pencil in hand analyze your fivepoint program. Leaders, plan on one of the six operating commitsuccesses and failures that you may

to have these activities carried on as tees, he is brought in closer touch with proceed along affirmative lines repair- a group. Remember this program is this great boy movement and carries ing and rebuilding at weak spots. Look

to promote wholesome, friendly relaback to the ward new ideas, better carefully for such danger signals as tionships between our girls and boys. acquaintance with Scout problems and poor order, disinterest, lack of attendGroup participation will help to esgreater enthusiasm. ance, and ask yourself if more preparatablish this feeling of many happy Perhaps even a greater benefit of the tion may not correct these problems.

friendships. new plans is the closer touch both the Listen to the voice within you that helps

We hope you had a joyous time at stake and ward committees have with to understand the needs of the girl and the fall getacquainted, girlhostess the Priesthood. The stake president makes preparation a work of love and

party. We did, in planning for it. or one of his counselors is invited to not a burden.

points four forward to the other the finance committee of be chairman Look star so that by of his our JuniorExplorer association through and with the Some Suggestions early, prayerful planning you will endistrict work is able to carry back to We have been pleased with the enjoy an outstanding year of keen satisthe stake presidency and high council thusiastic reports we have received of faction in knowing that our Juniors and friendly knowledge of what is going ward conventions and progress up to

Explorers have enriched their lives on in this branch of our boy work. date. As our contribution we would

through these adventures in sociability. In the ward the bishop is to be aslike to offer the following suggestions

sociated with the troop committee or which may smooth out some rough have one of his counselors take this places:

of the 1942 supple- a have BeeKeeper copy is not but meant to be just nominal ftSpls place.that His is an advisory relation, but 1. Supplement. It is essential that every it to fit applied read and be ment, and that relationship. a real working By this in the the guides handbook.

better ache can become District 2. BeeKeepers Organization. of Advantages of the New quaintedassociation with the ward boyhood district retained, although being no are and Organization Program characterbuilding that and the work to will glad are held, they be meetings

TThe effect of adopting the new oris being done among them—or its you every assistance possible. Stake Beegive

ganization program for Scout and failure if the committee is not function- (Concluded on page 749)

GENERAL CONFERENCE, SATURDAY MORNING THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

GENERAL CONFERENCE, FIRST SESSION forward triumphantly, victoriously and The old world was destroyed for rejectgloriously. No nation is greater than ing the revelations of God given to them ALMA SONNE its spiritual concepts. Spirituality is through Noah. The Israelites were dein the for the to Assistant the wilderness stroyed despising Twelve in recognition of the a God's power

revelations to given them through Moses; at theDelivered Saturday Morning affairs in the universe of and and men said the that world, Christ in the days andSession 113th GenSemiannual of the It is nations. recognition a divine of for apostles, the of be condemned would

in 3, 1942,eral Conference, October in as to guide a humanity commandment receiving not of the through word God the Tabernacle, their struggles and strivings. It recogthem: Thus we see that the judgments of

people, not so neglecting revethe for much the of claims the fatherhood and God the timely, as have, you comby to lations retheir given forefathers, for as of brotherhood man. prehensive, straightforward,My brethren, I have been touched, nizes God as ruler and creator and proGod in the past ages have come upon the particularly jecting to those themgiven is the doctrine Christian This very inspiringand the submitted message by vol. selves. Hist., {Doc. 1:277)

it is the freedom, of cornerstone and this ofPresidency Church, to which we mission of this Church to promote it, and to inspire faith in the hearts of Since the restoration there has never in this history time the of been people a this obligation In solemn must men. we

this the leadership of has Church fail, faith for is the of not huwhen bedrock not direction those concerning given life, soul the of without which man man affect things vitally the temporal which has anchorage. Despotism no may spiritual this of welfare and Church

faith, such but govern without demothis the people; the present and and and

it. will die without cracy to past exceptions are immediate no

the appreciate opportunity May we this statement. general Those who

Christ's of as have, members we diin that the seen not which have way in recognize Jesus Church. we May rection seen pointed has have not

Christ the only safe leadership which either because they have been too init, we can follow in these days of uncerdifferent, or because they have chosen tainty and confusion. not to see it.

wisstrength us give and God May this will that fact burnished be I hope in righteousof the to walk way dom hearts not ours only our and upon upon ness, a be that daily example our may all of hearts the of our young but upon far near, friends, to and our sermon shelter the as leave they our I people, of

Christ. in of pray, the Jesus name necessity, of they as become homes,

Amen. uprooted from their native soil in this

surge of humanity that floods here and

RICHARD L there, these days, that they may be led

EVANS of the First Council of the Seventy

ALMA SONNE Delivered at the Saturday Morning have just listened. I share with you an Session of the \\3th Semiannual Genunusual emotion as we see this large eral Conference, October 3, 1942, in

gathering of Priesthood, for here are the Tabernacle.

represented the workers and the lead- I face this body of people, I alIers rejoice in the of the Church. it feel necessity, the under As waysquality leadership of represented and calling of seems, the susupon

manifested here. tenance and direction of my Father in

A great responsibility rests upon the heaven for what I shall say, and I do

Latterday Saints, a responsibility so at this time.

which consists, not only in teaching, I think it would be enjoyable some but in living the restored gospel. The time when the pressure of life is not

spiritual crisis existing in the world toso great, to indulge in the luxury of long day is a challenge to every church and and leisurely sermonizing. That is a

to every devoted church member. luxury, however, that sometimes is enRoger Babson, within the last week, joyed by the speaker more than it is

has endeavored to answer the question: by the audience.

"How long will the present war last?"First of all this morning I should like

He said: to welcome to his new calling, Brother

It will end only when we repent of our Joseph F. Smith. I have enjoyed the

sins, readjust our wasteful standards of livintimacy of his home, and he of mine.

ing, and once more make God the ruler of I have stood by him in some of the our homes, schools, businesses, and nation. critical days of his life, of which he RICHARD L. EVANS

Mr. Babson's statement reflects the spoke here this morning. I know him

wisdom of a man who has spent many to be a man of faith and courage, and to know, with us, that truth is not a years in the study of economic trends I look forward to the coming years of matter of convenience; that principles

and business cycles. He has come to close association with him in the counand ideals are not a matter of geothe conclusion that man cannot live by cils of the Church. graphy or environment; that there is

bread alone, and that we have reached I should like to read a statement only one set of rules—that a thing that

a juncture in the history of this world, which I found the other day, first was not right at home is not right away when it is either "Christ or collapse."printed in the second number of the Evefrom home—if it was not right where

This Church has supplied a backninq and Morning Star, back in July, we came from, it isn't right anywhere.

ground before which our nation can go 1832. as I recall: (Concluded on page 740)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942 GENERAL CONFERENCE, SATURDAY AFTERNOON

it. in this buried cemetery. the Among

I those found of RICHARD L EVANS aboutI knowhimthathe Willardwould haveRichardsdiscoveredhad the names own kin and my (Continued from page 739) utmost confidence in the Prophet and many other families prominent in the

TI[ay we go with them-—these young an absolute conviction of the divinity of settlement of our western common-

* people of. ours—with our prayers the latterday work. This realization, wealth.and our letters—with our teachings beas I visited this sad but hallowed scene It was all very sad, and I kept thinkfore they leave, and with the example of our history, seemed to intensify ing how much of the tragedy might

of our own lives always to fortify within me my responsibility to be true have been avoided if only kindness and them, so that they may look back to and as helpful as my capacity would tolerance and brotherly love had been us, to their homes, to their Church for permit to the cause for which my grandin the hearts of men. There was a.

strength and comfort in critical times. father gave his devotion, his loyalty, pathetic side to every historic scene atConcerning all that has been spoken and his life. I prayed to God that it tributable to man's inhumanity, bigotry,

and shall be spoken during this conmight be so and that all of us in the and selfishness, but in my reflections I ference, and at all times, by the leadChurch who are the descendants of consoled myself with the thought that ership of this Church, I close with the these noble men and the beneficiaries no great thing has ever come into the words of Joseph Smith, the Prophet: of their sacrifice and devotion might world without trial and tribulation, and

Therefore I declare unto you the warning also be true and worthy. that the greater the cause, the greater

which the Lord has commanded to declare the sacrifice necessary to establish it.

unto this generation, remembering that the /\N our journey westward we came Today we find ourselves engaged in eyes of my Maker are upon me, and that to the cemetery at Winter Quar- a worldwide struggle to preserve liberto Him I am accountable for every word I ters near Omaha, Nebraska. Within ty and tolerance, the foundations of

nothingsay, wishing worse in earth. rememit be the has the Let to my fellow the grounds placed peace Church

eternal salvation. than theirmen the embellishvery other these statuary beautiful that were bered and May God help all of us to have ments to commemorate the heroic dead, ciples for which our progenitors prinhave

strength, in the days to come, no matmore than six thousand of whom lost made the tragic sacrifices of which I ter what may lie before us, to adhere to their lives in westward migration to have briefly reminded you. Every

those principles which were dearer to establish Zion in the Rocky Mounshrine of the Church is a monument to our fathers than life itself. No matter tains. The chief statue is a representafreedom and truth. There have been

how we may be called upon to shift tion of a pioneer man and his wife no more sincere and valiant defenders the superstructure of our lives, and to bowed in grief over a shallow grave of true democracy than the Latterday change the superficial habits of our wherein is laid the body of their child. Saints. No higher concepts of the

living, may we never shift our foundaThe feeling that this work of art brings liberty of man, the sonship of God, and tions, I ask, in the name of Him whose is one of deep sorrow. You must weep the brotherhood of race have been

work this is, even the Lord Jesus Christ. with the mother who is to leave her given to the world than those which

Amen. little one on the lonely prairie, never have emanated from the Prophet of the

again even to see the spot where her last dispensation.

STEPHEN L RICHARDS child is buried. But rising above the It is my humble prayer that God will

(Concluded from page 705) sorrow are a great courage and a conreward the heroism, the sacrifices, and sonal danger, his care of the wounded soling faith that take the stricken parthe devotion of the past with the perJohn Taylor, and his taking the bodies ents resolutely forward in their quest petuation of liberty and goodness in the founded that world, and right them for and make and freedom to Nauvoo.of back and Hyrum Joseph in virtuepeace—peace and in Christian in truth is "all and well."in that On the end perclosest the know that he had hadI knew

in come, speedily inscribed flat are plaque large that a and relationship withsonal Joseph the brotherhood—may

if there had been anything untrue names of about six hundred who were the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

GENERAL CONFERENCE, SECOND SESSION

great the with impressed We were crop. great corn "How OSCAR A. onefarmsday through the state of Indiana. and the

many kernels of corn are there on a

I did not Muir. President asked cob?"KIRKHAM are "there he, said "Well,"know.

o/ the First Council of the Seventy 1000 as as that have cobs many many

Delivered at the Saturday Afternoon kernels."I had my doubts and at the

Session of the \\3th Semiannual Gennext prosperous farm, I requested that eral Conference, October 3, 1942, in the car stop. I went in and proffered to

the Tabernacle. purchase a large cob. A boy near by

said: "Come on, I'll give you an ear

am grateful for this privilege and of corn."We went to the barnyard

trust that I may enjoy the blessings and as I passed a large crib I said—

I of the spirit of the Lord. "There is a fine big ear, may I take

In the twelfth chapter of Hebrews this?""No,"said the boy, "that is our

weearth—thatread: YetthoseoncethingsmorewhichI shakecannotthe seedsoon,corn."however,He foundand tomemya largesurprisecob

be shaken may remain. there were nine hundred and forty kerGreat is our stewardship! May we nels on the cob. This number of kernels

be worthy of it and magnify it! soon became a secondary thing, howUnder the calling of the First Presiever, for I was still thinking of what the

dency of the Church, I find myself conboy had said. "No, you can't have that.

grams—ourcerned primarilyyouthwithand twoour greatgreat promis- It Iisrememberour seed readingcorn."that when Robert

sionary work. E. Lee was being pressed in the south

lies with the sixteenyear-old conscript Here boy its OSCAR A. KfRKHAM to

spiritual trainedgreat for service in the opportunity—youthpossibilities, and Confederate Army,

to do its duty, and the world hungerRecently while visiting in the Northhe said: "No, we cannot do that, they

ing for the gospel message. ern States Mission we were traveling are our seed corn."

GENERAL CONFERENCE, SATURDAY AFTERNOON THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

in first holy of Genesis our chapter will Bible. history, the OSCAR A. KIRKHAM aggressively,the miracles withlo, theus Lordand ourwill heartswork sacred You

We, today, in our own Church have shall be filled with courage and joy. call that God, after having formedreto preserve task our youth—"thatthe I this earth shake the "Yet once more earth—after thingsthose which cannot be shaken that things those great cannot which be universe-—afterhavingall createdthings, boththis

may remain."shaken may remain."animal and vegetable had been made by

Among firmament great above for strength, in the pray I humbly and Him, us—the do, Imay the lights, great task, the placed love and to do our had thesuggest—Amany thingsgreaterwhich andwe wisdom, that Hedeeper sincerity among us—we who are and I ask for these blessings in the sun, the moon, and the twinkling stars,

called to lead. name of Jesus Christ, Amen. those heavenly traffic signals that we

A boy recently speaking to his chum should obey, for they turn the days into about his father, who had asked him to weeks and the weeks into months, and said: "I meeting,attend did his quorum the months God into years—then

father's sincere in deeplyfelt something RUFUS K. the of which something to me is one

voice today—and I liked it."most marvelous things that I have read

A president of a stake recently after about. God spoke to His companionsreviewing the results of a stake PriestHARDY and said, "Let us make man in our

hood meeting said: "Before this meetof the First Council of the Seventy image, after our likeness.""So God

ing I should have had an hour of mediDelivered at the Saturday Afternoon created man in his own image, in the tation prayer."and him; and male he created of image God \\3th Semiannual Genof the

calls fortask them."he created female in 3, 1942, our best—aYes, deepbrethren,sincerityour Sessioneral Conference, October

perthing which do. the wasin what then we And the Tabernacle. We must give them our companionformed which brings us nearer to God

ship. We must be nearer to them. you, my beloved brethren, to than anything that I can imagine, was man formed recently the sons of our came home Lord God One "And sethis: chosen, been you have who

breathed and ground, he To for college the before a few daysfrom dust of of the lected, invited to attend this and of life; and the breath nostrils of our forces the his armedwent into great conference, I extend my love, into

soul."I a livingcountry. asking he him what became was man

needea—how much money for travel That which God has made He deandsay—"Well,so on. I wasFather,surprisedwhat Itoneedhearmosthim everysired protecteddeclarationandthat kept.we haveEvenin ourso

is a long talk with you."And I shall sacred history handed down to us by

never forget those sacred hours. He tradition bears this same record and

andmay have been helped a bit—and I this same declaration: preserveknow I was helped a great deal. We keep and save the souls of men.

shared the conversation as we spoke And, so, especially to our seventies, of the importance of faith in oneself, especially to these men upon whose and faith in our dreams of the future, shoulders rests the responsibility dinever to falter or fail; faith in mankind, rectly from God of teaching and

although we may be greatly tried; and preaching this gospel abroad and at

faith in God, for His love will endure home, I would say remember that which forever and be a protection and help in is choicest of all things in God's heart the hour of great need. is the souls of men, and preserve them

Yes, and we must be nearer to the and keep them.

thousands at home in our own com- I am grateful for my associations munity life. A boy or girl with a thankful to God for the opportunity I

purse full of money, with a natural urge have had of being associated with for a good time, a hundred questionable these fine men who stand at the head places to go, is a real individual and of this Church, and I trust and pray social problem and a most vital chalthat I may always be worthy-—that I

pass to that will bring which do may leaders.lenge Have we to us—their

like accomthat would which God the bestprovided Are we we can?

meeting their needs? Do they feel a plished and that we all, you fine presisense of cooperation? We must be dents of stakes, presidents of quorums,

nearer to them. They are waiting and RUFUS K. HARDY bishops of wards, together, may bend

willing to be led. our efforts to bring to pass God's wish

also that for great admiration in and that souls of the my saved be may men the teach of gospel must them We is in this All going I Church. in which on ask, name. Jesus'His kingdom, Christ of as Saints LatterdayJesus

I life, all lives, feel as that also your my Amen.restored the Smith. Prophet Joseph by

its the in of seen have you hand God this great enFor message has been yet, operation. for the moment And us.trusted to that teach must them We I I that to or here, stand have two E. is for the their not only enrichment of THOMAS like that to something might say would

lives that the they but becomeitown may little feel bit just of us an a more make it is the to ofambassadors gospel—for that to urge should do which know we McKAY all tobe the preached world. done. be the Assistant to Twelve I in Last Ohio, Akron, week was great gathering blessed This with

greatly blessed: I baptised five friends. the choicest diadem of God, His Delivered at the Saturday Afternoon

After they had been confirmed, one of Priesthood, is for what? Surely we all Session of the 113th Semiannual Genthem, a girl in her early teens said, can answer; it is for but one purpose, eral Conference, October 3, 1942, in

with tearfilled eyes, "Oh, how grateand that purpose is to bring to pass the the Tabernacle, ful I am! This is the happiest moment salvation of the souls of men, and is

of my life!"so declared by the Lord through the singing of the beautiful hymn, Yes, the gospel is the most joyous Prophet Joseph Smith: "Behold, this The"A Poor Wayfaring Man of

gift of life. is my work and my glory—to bring to Grief,"followed by the inspiraMay we preserve and train these pass the immortality and eternal life tional message of our beloved Presiyouth for their great destiny. And if of man."No more plainly stated is dent, and then the solo so well renwe do our part sincerely, humbly, and this, than that which is declared in the (Continued on page 742)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942 GENERAL CONFERENCE, SATURDAY AFTERNOON

life to live, hard is too but only ourselves as best we we can, as we THOMAS E. McKAY andtrust prayers Zion from to Lord and and the all anything from headquarters. Howcan'tlongget

(Continued from page 741) will be well. Some members can't pay for these conditions will last is hard to tell, but

living, the to will them. give and wheat best to our we everything going do keep As wedered Brother Bennett, by Seer, "The

till far in gospel carry hear and regular on connections we as we with we youthe Seer,"has brought sure, I am all in faith. in Saints standing trust again. good the in Lord we for whom Wegetnearer to in our Father usheaven-—nearerall, I for labour, the blessings glad and many amto of our loved many ones are on who this England heard sad From we receive from we Him.

the side. other grateful very to- I am news:

direct following the came from The forday parents. my gratevery I am his family Brother have and John Cook via Mission, the Danish Cross:ful I Red that have been considered worthy air raid. suffered incendiin a recent The

to be associated this I with splendid all of send from you greetings their aries destroyed bedding of us. We and most

ofbody well, safe bearing Extend our love men happy. and Priestthe Holy ten are linen. of sent have them a sum We

all. best to wishes andhood and especially their am for thankful needs immediate pounds to meet and

rather that learn the has also governmentmy close association with our given This is from the Swedish Mission: of furthsmaller sum, with a promise them abeloved president, his Heber J. Grant,

the the war. of er help towards end is UnIt the since onlycounselors, a year unemployment the of Quorum the Twelve

lost replacing fortunately, cost the the of prevailing the of account shutout on from theand other General of Authorities will family that high the is so have bedding felt other in nations our very much was Ithe Church. appreciate today, more

the nation. the condition turned has Nowthan before, ever in membership my for the about, of other outcry lack and waythis great organization of Church—the is is laborers land. the heard over There

the organization which especially in deficiency Church—an also a help farm and

furnishes not only just a favored few for cutters to get out wood from the forests.

but all the members the opportunity for This condition exists probably in part beservice. cause of Sweden's military training of men

I am very happy to report that our and their calling to encampments.

members in the European mission are With regard to the food rationings, they also still carrying on. From some of are usually sufficient, and it is of inestimable

that article of conimportant value such anthem have not we able been to hear is list. free the milk as sumption still onlately but because of acquaintance my plentiful. are has also Vegetables Therewith I for them and love them my am in the further cut been a meat downward

sure I safe in that saying are they am rations, is fish the of good. but procurement

carrying on also as are the members From the mission viewpoint the activities from whom we hear. We receive letare singularly lively, compared with earlier

ters and reports regularly from the periods. An especially fine unity prevails,

British Mission, from Sweden, and and the willingness to serve is great. As

from Switzerland, also occasionally regards the financial situation it is still good, is the of the mission which means shown by thefrom PalestineSyrian Mission.

nearly with having doubled in comparisonThrough able to Sweden been we have the the previous year. cash branch Evenhear from Denmark and from Norpercent. of twenty a balance almost shows

way, and through Switzerland, from

Belgium and from Valence in the The Royal Society of Social Adsouthern part of France. The brethren ministration Index shows that the living

and sisters are holding their meetings as cost has increased forty percent. The

usual: sacrament, Priesthood and auxtithing, however, shows an increase in

iliary meetings. They are holding their 1940 over 1939, and 1941 over 1940.

district conferences; they have held THOMAS E. McKAY And the following paragraph from

their M.I.A. June conventions. They a letter from Beirut:

toalso Relief the celebrated Society for themselves the deny time being. Cenpublica- the receive of Church some We Nevertheless, are all they all well intennial Brother and nearly the branches on tions them reading are sending and you by

is being genealogist, a Cook, delighted the 17th. 15th of andMarch Some the Church, understand about something that we

all his records and prepapers have been insubstantialmissions a very show especially Semithe received 112th and we crease in tithing and fast offerings, also served. annual Conference Report, and we are exit. for that glad had ceedingly is Would we followingbaptisms. taken from The British The is doing excepMission that! like to attend a Conference chance a letter the FrenchSwiss recenta from its in well missionary work. are receiving of informaFrom a lot it we atDistrict headquarters with Neuchaletter recentfrom Oslo, Norway, tion Beirut. to the Saints tionallyA advice and in here

tel, Switzerland: ly of came by Sweden. lessons sent President way Some of The by Brown Amy

Thank you very much for your letters our letters have been returned since Lyman for the Relief Society sisters were dated June 13th and July 28th which arwe entered the war, with the words translated and delivered to the sisters. We

rived within a fortnight of each other. Also printed upon them, "Service Suspended get a lot of benefit from studying them. We

lot a ideals. of lessonsthe Society high and Relief two and Maga Eva May to I stated Sender,"as but we—Return in also the water. to exceedingly were sea glad readzines; been soaked has one Wereceive are able to hear through from Sweden report the of will in hundredth held of anniversary one District Conference be The the other Scandinavian and Missions the Society. of 18th 17th the and branch onGeneva

the Switzerland through of from some there, present are our suitable for thoughts everythe At over date mostOctober, one. Some will come out of military service other countries. and I pray that in another year we will

at that time, and just after some will go. This letter from Oslo informs us, have peace with us.

is going on strong and branch thereThe we among other things, that: All our members in these wartorn in the near baptismsare hoping for some

future. Next Saturday we shall have four The Saints are still faithful in paying countries are doing their best to carry

or five baptisms in the branch of Neuchatel. their tithes and offerings so we are well on—God bless them. They appreciate

situated financially. We have had six bapthe gospel and know that by living its

The last letter from PalestineSyrian tismal services this year, and in hopes of principles they can have joy and haphaving more. states: paper things, other Lys Our mission OverMission, among trying in these piness even times. They

is published before as out and comes Norge the prayers brethren of you I hear from your side happy I am very all regularly. the appreciate the in Nearly branches

and I can write to you all my desires, that mission celebrated the Relief Society cenand other members here at home, and is a blessing of the Lord to us. All memtennial with public meetings and banquets we hope that you will continue to rebers are in good condition in present time, on March the 15th and 17th, and all the member them. I appreciate very much

but wheat that we bought a year ago is finplaces had a very fine time. The lessons the opportunity that I have of contactished and we are much in need of wheat, for our organizations we have to work out ing them even in a remote way.

GENERAL CONFERENCE, SATURDAY AFTERNOON THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

I Church? To such I would say that they THOMAS E. McKAY direct me the moment or two that

stand before you. are seekers of a sign, and as the writer

I appreciate also the opportunity of I have been deeply impressed with of Proverbs says, "The fear of the Lord visiting and getting better acquainted the spirit of prophecy and revelation is the beginning of knowledge: but

with you brethren in your various that has characterized this conference. fools despise wisdom and instruction."

Istakes. congratulate the you upon of shouldn't point (Prov. 1:7) a spirit can out there be many And why Wesplendid work I have you are doing. is revelation? revealing instances the wherein and prophecy For Lord we deenjoyed with you my visits all in your clare that to the believe world, have to those His mind and will who "We

Ihomes. Especially appreciated have all the revealed, that direct to guide anointed been and now He does God has

the flowers these shrubbery around and will this yet reveal, that of believe great destiny work. and we He

I thankshomes, wives, to supyour things great important reveal and many the years since elapsed have Seven alsopose, the well kept grounds and pertaining to the of God.''Kingdom requested of Presidency the Church chapels.around your you I commend

is faith declaration of This wholly stakes, Priesthood wards, quorums and I that. willfor the observe hope you the consistent compatible with and in set to the great motion Welfare trees,beautiful flowers shrubbery and the children dealing His Lord's with on I recall there Program. were do Wellhere these tabernacle grounds sacred on

and also the flowers near the Church earth whenever the Priesthood has been those among us who doubted that such

Office Building on the sides and esbestowed upon men. Declared Amos a plan was necessary and feasible. For,

pecially on the north end. of ancient times, "Surely the Lord God on one hand, those in governmental

God bless you brethren for the positions advised and counseled the splendid work you are doing. I think people to destroy food surpluses.

I have detected, however, a little Farmers were paid for crops that were hesitancy, on the part of some with not produced. And yet in the face of

reference to the Welfare Plan. You such counsel and advice the leadership

seem afraid of it; you are standing on of the Church admonished us to prothe bank shivering. When I was a litduce greater abundances of foods and

tle boy, there was a group of us fellows to erect storehouses wherein this food who used to go from school direct to could be stored. There have since been

the swimming hole instead of going erected milkprocessing plants, grain home. In the spring we could hardly elevators, and sewing centers which afwait for the snow to melt before hurryford sufficient food, fuel, clothing, and

ing to our swimming place. I rememshelter to care for every worthy member one spring we were there when ber of the Church in case of an emerthere was still snow under the willows gency.

and on the north banks. We prepared Seven years of plenty, of abundance,

for the dip. Some of us felt of the are about to come to an end, and we

water with our fingers, then with our may face seven years of leanness and toes; it was cold and the air was chilly; the possibility of famine. The best auwe remained on the bank shivering. thorities in the United States are now

There was one boy in the group, howindicating that a food shortage for theever, a leader-—he has always been a year 1943 is not a remote possibilityleader—who didn't touch his toe to the due to several conditions, too many to

water, nor feel of it. He just ducked enumerate at this time. In retrospect

under and enjoyed the swim. Some we can all go back in our minds and

of us went home without ducking unconsider the counsel of the brethren der, and naturally we didn't enjoy the with reference to this matter and obswim. JOSEPH L. WIRTHUN serve presentday conditions, which

Well, some of us are on the bank, definitely prove that the Welfare Prohesitating shivering and reference with the will of the the and mind gram was his will nothing, revealeth but he do theto Plan, and perhaps Welfare some the through power Lord known made his secret the servants prophets."untoof responsibilities other in the our revelainspiration of and modernday of writer Proverbs 3:7) (Amos The let Brethren,Church. advise you me passing tion the to people. His With is vision, declared, there no "Whereto will great under you and duck have declartime, of the the case as with was perish."the people (Prov. 29:18) in labors. thisjoy to your Give work chilfor ations Sinai the given on Moses is It of into needless annals to the go bestthe the have. to world "Give you this Israel, leadership of peothe of dren to history definitely that prove where willthe best the have, best and you all their in will adof vindicated ple be vision, revelation, there has been no no to for the you."back goodcome Look people, to the monishments and man inthe prophecy, people and have no beautiful, the the theand and and good

will that the again Lord convinced be perished. of In the days deed Moses will alsobeautiful to you. come back

will reveal has and His does and mind Isaiah, Ezekiel, Daniel, Peter, and and I this, in help to us Jesus'pray doGod times. to the of prophets modern in present revelation Paul, the wasname. Amen.

tense. Consequently doubters, disbeThe message of the First Presidency

lievers, critics, and those who stoned delivered to the people in April of this the prophets, were to be found in great year and the message delivered this JOSEPH L numbers, and time alone has proved morning are revelations to the people, the validity and the authenticity of the for they contain all of those great truths revelations to of His the High are Most compatible the with which mind WIRTHUN

I dispensations. will of Father. and Heavenly our the Presiding Bishopric of to that the grateful world do instructhat to say we am when servantsWe declarein all

Delivered at the Saturday Afternoon not only believe all that God has retions are given by the First Presidency

Session of the l\3th Semiannual Genvealed but we believe that He does of the Church and the Quorum of the eral Conference, October 3, 1942, in now reveal His mind and will to those Twelve, there comes to mind the revethe Tabernacle. who are His chosen servants upon the lation given to the Prophet Joseph

earth today. And yet there are those Smith, wherein the Lord had this to say

sincerely trust, my brethren, that the who propound this question: What of when His servants spoke to the people:

same spirit that has guided and inpresent-day revelations? Is God actual- "And whatsoever they shall speak

I spired those who have spoken to us ly revealing His mind and will to those when moved upon by the Holy Ghost during this conference may guide and who guide and direct the destiny of His (Continued on page 744)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942 GENERAL CONFERENCE, SATURDAY EVENING

JOSEPH L WIRTHUN tion of the Lord when He declared: of being ordained to the Priesthood as

if "Therefore, will its ask you you a thing of of me naught; not who enjoy

if (Continued from page 743) shall receive; will it shall blessings knock you not they because magnify

shall be scripture, shall be the will of be opened unto you. Now, as you have their callings. If they continue in their

the Lord,... shall be the voice of the asked, behold, I say unto you, keep my course, they stand in jeopardy of losing

Lord and the power of God unto salcommandments, and seek to bring forth their right to the Priesthood.

vation."(Doc. & Cov. 68:4) There and establish the cause of Zion. Seek I call these wellknown facts to

is a test for modernday revelation, the not for riches but for wisdom; and, your attention, because I am persuaded

same test Jesus Christ invited those behold, the mysteries of God shall be that if this great host of inactive brethwho heard His teachings to apply, for unfolded unto you, and then shall you ren are ever to be awakened, if they said He: "My doctrine is not mine, but be made rich. Behold, he that hath are ever to be called again "out of

his that sent me. If any man will do eternal life is rich."(Doc. & Cov. 11: darkness into His marvelous light,"it

his will, he shall know of the doctrine 5-7) And eternal life can only be must be done by more effective action whether it be of God, or whether I achieved, brethren, not alone by obeyon the part of Priesthod quorum presispeak of myself."(John 7:1617) ing the principles of the gospel of the dencies and their committees.

As leaders in Israel, brethren, we Lord Jesus Christ, but by hearkening HpHE should accept wholeheartedly modernthe unto advice those of and counsel revelationday A pensablePriesthoodunit ofquorumthe Church.is an indisThe as presented to the peoin authority who are to us that come

ple by His chosen servants, applying as modernday revelation. presidencies of Priesthood quorums

it in our lives to the end that we shall May God bless us, strengthen us, have the responsibility to see that every be a shining example to all of those that we may ever be loyal and devoted member of their quorums honors his calling in the Priesthood, they, and with comewho under our to these servants of the Lord, sustaining direction—adcommittees, labor quorum can monishing the people that they, too, in all that they them request us to do, their

can know of the doctrine, modernday I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. with every member if they but have

revelation, by following the admoniAmen. "the will so to do."Instructions as to how to proceed have been and will be

given. They should be studied and

that activities in order our instructions, but GENERAL CONFERENCE, THIRD SESSION mayfollowed,be purposeful; no

it is It is today, ours. that now we and"A Willno program,To Do."can take the place of feel callings. should the of our weight

officers Priesthood must shake We in the labor obChurch, As two we G. MARION off apathy. the our eterprize of With servations force themselves upon

life us. nal for our ourselves brethren and is is that there great strength and One

falter. stake, at Priestnot must The we the devotion the of ROMNEY membership among

is not of bear hood men. we Joseph visit Assistant Church. the one can among No to the Twelve

it the direct received Prophet Smith branches, wards, stakes see the and and

Delivered at the Saturday Evening amount of work that is done and the from heavenly messengers. He was inSession of the \\3th Semiannual Genstructed by them, and he labored with

erat Conference, October 3, 1942, in all the energy of his soul to carry out the Tabernacle. those instructions.

bear the Priesthood same he We are a Ye chosen generation, a royal bore; are called in to service that wepriesthood, holy an nation, a peculiar peoPriesthood as he; was and must we ple; that should ye forth shew the praises discharge responsibilities the laid upon of him hath called who out of you darkness into his marvelous light. (I Peter 2:9) us in like manner, if we would share

with him in the rewards. Unto us the

one can look into the faces of Lord has said:Nothis extraordinary body of men Wherefore, now let every man learn his

and partake of the spirit present duty, and to act in the office in which he is without being conscious that there is appointed, in all diligence.

here a power not usually felt in gatherHe that is slothful shall not be counted ings of like numbers. worthy to stand, and he that learns not his

duty and himself shall shows not approved The source is, of of this power not counted be to stand. worthy C. (D. &course, the Priesthood. of Each us 107:99100)

bearing the Priesthood, as we do, there should be power gatherings, in our for Would that every officer in the

Priesthood could quorums approachas Peter wrote to the Saints in his day, spirit labors the with determinaandso it with equal truth said be may of histion his of Nephi. brothers Whenus, a chosen generation, we "are a royfor about going the brass murmured al Priesthood,"calling and it is our

saying thing that a hard it wasand opportunity forth to "shew the plates, was required of them, he said to hispraises of him hath called us who out father MARION G. ROMNEYof darkness his unto light."marvelous

All who have received the gospel time freely given to service in the ac- I will go and do the things which the have come from darkness into light, tivities of the Priesthood quorums and Lord hath commanded, for I know that the giveth Lord no the commandments untobut we, have invited who been this to auxiliaries without being impressed children of shall men, save he prepare a wayconference, called, have been also, to this with strength It devotion. and for that them they the accomplish mayleadership in the Priesthood; to ofbe one, spirit makes with the latthis of thing which he them. commandeth (I Nephificers in the of government reto thrill God; it. terday to work, of a part be 3:7)

sponsibility in a welldefined field of The other observation is of quite a action in which no one else can funcdifferent nature. It comes when the Then after Laman's futile attempt to

tion so long as we hold the appointindividual records of members are exobtain the plates, and he and Lemuel ment. amined. They show that in nearly were about to return to their father,

Yesterday, the responsibility of leadevery Priesthood quorum in the Nephi said:

ership borne fathers; was our toby large there Church is a of percentage liveth, the live, Lord will and As as we we it willmorrow, rest children; our upon brethren our the count high honor who not father in the our unto go wilderdown

GENERAL CONFERENCE, SATURDAY EVENING THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

MARION G. ROMNEY dencyof that ofgroupthis Churchof men. the loyal support specialseventies.callingYou testifyof youto brethren,that by wordthe

until the thingness accomplished have we it the exof but mouth, also do you by will the of 107th If Section read you (I the us. hath Lordwhich commanded of live. perhaps ample which you And will the Covenants Doctrine and youNephi3:15)

is the the potent the example more two callspecial that learn they a very have that the Observe that he did not complain ing. Their calling is to walk behind the that one sets. We believe

are that conversions reason among made difficult, thatthat the assignment in was the carrying the of Council Twelve in easily than of the stakes Zion more all his otherhe took which had work to of the of people redemption message is that countries of the people outside thattime, best the they they had done if didn't have world; the the Church and

live of the the principles Churchcould, called nor that they had on that charge and that calling I think this the is radiated there from gospel and that that it and once would be useLaban less to call on him again. What he said them a light which people not of our

was that, "As the Lord liveth... we faith can see, and perhaps see more

will not go... until we have accomreadily than we ourselves; so we ask

plished the thing which the Lord hath you who are missionaries in this stake commanded us."work, as well as foreign countries, to

show by your lives that there is power '"Phe manner in which he obtained the and efficacy and virtue in the gospel of plates is a familiar story, as is the Jesus Christ.

manner in which he obtained wild game We appeal to the bishops and the for food when all their bows were presidencies of stakes to give us the men broken. Everything he set his hand and the women we need for this work.

to do in righteousness, he accomplished. They are just as essential as any other

Why? Because he had the faith, and the work we undertake, and we are depencourage, and the "will to do"what the dent upon you brethren to supply them

Lord required of him, until finally he for us. All our stake mission presidents

could say, when his brothers ridiculed can do in that respect is to ask for a him for undertaking to build the ship: group. It is your problem to supply

to brethren, afraid, not be And all them. to do had commanded me If God capabilities quality of give us and men shouldthings, them. If he com- I could do

mand me that I should say unto this water, especially adapted to this work. They

be thou earth, it would be earth; and if I are much more successful than the ones

should say it, it would be done. (I Nephi who have had no experience, who have

17:50) no liking for the work. A man to be a

successful missionary must have his

The Lord help us, in this Priesthood heart and soul in that work. We pray

quorum activity, to approach our work that you will give us the type of men spirit of Nephi,with the that we may ANTOINE R. IVINS and women that we need.

generation, a royal "a chosen beindeed

Priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar Now, in this particular emergency people"; and that we may by our works group never would have been organized which has lessened our group, we are

"shew forth the praises of him who in the Church at all. finding that our wives and our daughters

effective missionary most one of our darkness into of "out called'-'ushath try to impress every upon man are We can't us men, supply elements. If you I light,"pray.his marvelous is seventies into the quoordained who

rums that that is his calling and that if increase our numbers by giving us good

will give them. them of an opporWe right into men. this group of to come ANTOINE R. heno will not exercise that function he has women. We will take excellent care tunity that otherwise, they cannot have of missionaries the should be the They Church. They should be the predomilikely—an experience which will broadIVINS nating element in any missionary group en them and strengthen them and help

unmarof them Those who are minthem. the Church. have two we Now of the First Council of the Seventy in those mothers, ried will and make better istries mission the of that type, foreign

Delivered at the Saturday Evening ministry and a stake mission ministry, of them who are already mothers will

Session of the \\3th Semiannual Genall of the same type and class except in go to the work with an experience that eral Conference, October 3, 1942, in some minor details, and we now are inwill qualify them for it.

the Tabernacle. terested very much in that stake mission Brethren, it is an important work and

work of this Church. It is proving to we have that responsibility. It is the

is a thrilling sight, brethren, to stand be such a wonderful and magnificent charge that has been given to the

IT here and look into your faces, so work that we are overjoyed with the Twelve in every age when the gospel many fine and wonderful men, many success that we have realized in the has been established, and it is our of whom I know personally. I hope that past. But we are worried now, brethgreatest purpose to carry to people who

you will give me your faith and prayers ren, because we note a falling off in that have not learned of the truth a light minutesthat that I occupy the very few short this will the presyear lead them back into about which We are time I of your be prompted may missionaries as by the effort.six hundred Father. compared Will our ence of Heavenly God

Lord in what I say. with last year. We are short from the you, then, give us the aid and the supSome of you were amused at the last seventies six or seven percent of that port that we need that this work may

conference in April when I remarked missionary group. We would like to not falter; that it may not go forth haltthat we needed a few seventies to give ask you presidents who are here when ingly but that it may go with a tread so

the congregation complexion. Tonight you return to use your influence in refirm that nothing can impede its prowe have a large representation of that cruiting from your ranks other seventies gress and that many people may be gargroup of the Melchizedek Priesthood. who can go into that work. nered into the Church to receive of these

Unless it might be the high councilmen wonderful benefits and blessings of of the stakes who are present, perhaps TvTow, there is no more magnificent which we have heard this evening, the presidents of seventies quorums work in the Church than to testify God bless you all I pray in the name form the largest group here, and we who that Christ our Lord came to earth to of Jesus. Amen.

stand at their head pledge to the Presiredeem mankind, and that is the very (Continued on page 746)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942 GENERAL CONFERENCE, SATURDAY EVENING

(Continued from page 745) is a time for prayer."Perhaps we all lie, they will not bear false witness, or

think that only when the emergency violate the Sabbath day. Men will not

comes to us it is the time to pray. The leave the work of God undone if theyJOHN H.TAYLOR efficiency of a prayer is dependent on feel in their hearts that it is the thing

of the First Council of the Seventy the type of life we have lived and the for them to do.

Delivered at the Saturday Evening way we have made progress upon the Brethren, there never was a time that

Session of the \\3th Semiannual Genearth. When the time comes for the was more opportune for us than right

eral Conference, October 3, 1942, in summons, to ourselves or to our family, now. There will never be another

the Tabernacle. if we have not repented, if we have not time when we will be enjoying this

the things that done should have been earthly existence. is This your day said, has "I Lord late. the rather done, praying comes mine. and never go We will and forewarnedTheyou I trust, brethren, that continue as we haveyou"—Hewarned again as this world are now. we throughWe has us again warned life, today traveling will the along of way we

through His servants. Perhaps some of try to do the things that God through

us will continue to say that there is a His servants wants us to do. The time

tomorrow when we will repent and lead is short and there is no telling when it a finer life, but we all know that as far might be too late for us to repent and as each one of us is concerned the time do the things that we ought to do. It is

comes when for us there is no tomorvery easy in an emergency, such as we row. The Lord has also said that today have in war today, to build big buildis the time to repent. ings and to make steel and to make airYou remember that the Lord told His planes and to build hospitals. Perhaps

prophet, Noah, that he should go out we can do these things in a material and warn the people and tell them of way, but we cannot all of a sudden the coming destruction. But the people, build character, build decent homes, or

seemingly because they thought there have a family who have such confidence would always be a tomorrow and bein us that they will listen to our words cause the floods did not come that day and listen to the words of the servants or the next day, thought they would of the Lord.

therefore, never come; they ridiculed live as be humble we upon we May

the their prophets and went way. But the. earth. sins. of repent our we May

the floods came they and dewere this take seriously message as we May stroyed, because listen they would not it to live us today, better comes and and to the prophets of the Lord. finer than we have ever lived before, I

humbly pray in Jesus'name. Amen.

SAMUEL O.

SAMUEL 0. BENNION BENNION

of the First Council of the Seventy are here writing our history. We write

Delivered at the Saturday Evening it every day and there can be no change.

Session of the l\3th Semiannual GenAs we write it, that is the way it will eral Conference, October 3, 1942, in be. We write it by our lives. No matthe Tabernacle. ter what our vocation is, no matter

where we are, there is nothing that will of the most important docubuild us more surely and make us Onements that I have read is the stronger than an assurance that we message which was delivered by have the truth. As we work in our

the First Presidency last spring. Today fields or in our homes, in our shops or

we have had another equally imporin our offices, let us keep in mind this tant message. These brethren are inthought: This is the work of God that

spired of the Lord. I don't know where I am engaged in.

we could find such writing outside of I know that the Lord, our Eternal

Holy Writ itself, and to me it is Holy Father, appeared to Joseph Smith and

Writ. We have been called to keep introduced to him the Savior of the

the commandments of God and to walk world and said unto him, "This is uprightly If this before Him. great beloved my If Him."we Son—hear of Priesthood will yield body to the perwill keep in our minds all that the time

suasion of these brethren and set the the Priesthood of the Son of God is in

JOHN H. TAYLOR proper example, there will certainly be the earth and that the same leadership

in for an influence this great good land introduced to the that was Prophet felt never has before, been for here I remember hearing a story of a man that is here; if Smith Joseph will we

who had just lost his oldest son. The is the strength of God, the strength of constantly upon the high standardreflectof

father was not a very religious man. the Holy Priesthood, vested in this living and teachings that have been

In fact, he had disregarded most of the Church. ours from the days of Joseph until now;

Lord's commandments. Because of his I often think of the words of the and if we will remember that there has

son's being called to the other side, a great Solomon who said, "As a man never been a wavering in any way in good man went into the house to talk thinketh in his heart, so is he."Men the leadership of this Church, we canwith the father and to the family. The who have it in their hearts to keep the not help feeling in our hearts and souls

son had been unfaithful in every way. commandments of God, will keep them. that this is the work of God. If we

He had been disobedient unto his parThey will not commit adultery who say do that we will be strong and we will ents, to his country, to his God. As the and feel that it is a sin akin to murder, a be able to carry on as the Lord would

talkedgood father the with man and the the thing said shall has us Lord do. not will do. have not we weak, be We

family, the father said, this "I think that steal, will not will will they Such men not fro tossed not be to and we and

GENERAL CONFERENCE, SATURDAY EVENING THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

SAMUEL O. BENNION seeking to build the quorums of the of his enemies, but there was something

still his Priesthood soul within that as they ought own was to be—thankby every wind of doctrine, but we will still to ful that I belong posthat there something this group he and pray was

feel in our hearts to know the truth. that as the days go on and as the opsessed that Stephen A. Douglas had

We will understand the course we portunities are presented that I may not recognized. He could, in the face

should take and the opinion that we do my part. That I may be worthy of of his enemy, in the face of persecution,

should express; will that we know we this still this fellowship membership, of and conscious could martyrdom—he are the Lord's people. chosen his not only the but here in least throughout ages at sing Brother Taylor, with

thankful for the I am that testimony eternity, of all that so charheart, and be that lovely of may we hymn, a hymn

I have, for the privilege in of laboring I in blessed pray, the of of ity, humbly kindness, of name a a hymn hymn a small way in this great Church of Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen. forgiveness, even of his enemy. That

Christ in this earth on this dispensation; that Stephen something A. Dougwas

I rejoice that I have been permitted to detect. las didn't A. Stephen Douglas

in take this a part building western comeither, detect, attitude didn't that same E. Imonwealth. that feeling is the CLIFFORD know spirit had, that the of Prophet Josephof true every I Latterday Saint. pray in to Jail there him Liberty came when the bless to the leadership this Lord of the of revelation through Almighty God YOUNG this for isChurch, led Church a by inin that prayer marvelous he which the Assistant to Twelve livingprophet of the who God was injunction Priesthood, the structed an at the Delivered Saturday Eveningraised for this up purpose. very He for that stands today you and me Session the 113th Semiannual Genofstands as in a faith monument exand

pression of that code of living which, I eral Conference, October 3, 1942, in No power or influence can or ought to want to say to you brethren, commands the Tabernacle. be maintained by virtue of the priesthood,

the respect of all honorable men and only by persuasion, by longsuffering, by gentleness unlove meekness, and and by everywhere theywomen when become feigned;acquainted facts the with and us know kindness, which knowledge, and pure By

things are the Theseas we are. we shall hygreatly the soul without enlarge

should keep in our minds, and if we pocrisy, and without guile do, we will not be weak and we will Reproving betimes with sharpness, when not fail, but we will die worthy men, moved upon by the Holy Ghost; and then

Latterday Saints in full fellowship. To showing forth afterwards an increase of

this end I pray, in the name of Jesus. love toward him whom thou hast reproved,

Amen. lest he esteem thee to be his enemy;

That he may know that thy faithfulness

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH is121:4144)stronger than the cords of death. (D. & C.

(Concluded from page 702) Then in instruction to his people ing the only key to exaltation in the and mind you he was in prison, in a celestial kingdom of our Heavenly Fadingy, dirty, prison, restrained as far ther. I wonder if we appreciate it. If as the physical part of him was conwe do we should evidence it by teachcerned; everything taken away from

ing others. Let us set our homes in him, in the bigness of his soul he said:

order. Let our lights so shine that our Let thy bowels also be full of charity

neighbors who are not of this Church towards all men, and to the household of may see our upright lives and be confaith, and let virtue garnish thy thoughts shall confidence thy then unceasingly; waxstrained to glorify the of the Lord. name

the docthe in of presence God; strong and in adjust usLet so ourselves busiour

distil shall thy trine the priesthood of upon affairs willness for be known that we the soul heaven. as from dews

our virtues and for our integrity. Let The Holy Ghost shall be thy constant

our homes be the abiding place of praycompanion, and thy scepter an unchanging er and let our premises indicate that we CLIFFORD E. YOUNG scepter of righteousness and truth; and thy

rejoice in living in our homes. Let us dominion shall be an everlasting dominion,

set the example to the world that the was a hundred years ago that and without compulsory means it shall flow world needs, that of a choice, sweet, ITStephen A. Douglas came to Nauunto thee forever and ever. (D. & C. 121

wholesome surrounding in the place voo to visit the Prophet Joseph. He 4546)

that we call home. had previously been employed as counIt was this, my brethren, it was this

I am glad to be identified with this sel in some litigation in which the Prophattribute that was manifest in Carthage group of men here tonight. I thank you, et was involved, and was a very warm Jail that Stephen A. Douglas never felt.

my brethren, for the joy that has come friend of his. As he surveyed that He saw only, but he did not feel. Thai

into my life as a result of this companlovely city, Nauvoo (in 1843 it was is one reason why today it is recognized ionship, I have been privileged above the largest city in Illinois, with a popuby people around us that there is a bigmany other men in the world. I am lation upwards of twenty thousand peoness in the coming together, as we do

thankful for it. I am not inclined to ple) he saw the orderliness, the maghere on these occasions of the general

boast about it, but I do feel grateful to netic power that the Prophet seemed to conference, but those who do not know my Heavenly Father that all my life I have with his people, and he is said to as we know do not sense the bigness of have had the privilege of associating have remarked that if he could command this thing. They do not know what it

with the best boys and girls and the the leadership that the Prophet Joseph is that impels men to come hundreds best men and women that I could find in had, he would lead a group of people of miles in answer to a call such as this.

the world, and it has not been necesto the Northwest and give up his politiThey do not know what it is that impels sary for me to seek my pleasure and cal career. He was then in the House men in our outlying stakes to give their

my company and my education among of Representatives in Washington. all, almost, for the benefit of their

those who are evilminded. Tonight, There is one thing, however, that brethren, to help build up their social

with gratitude in my heart, and with Douglas seems to have overlooked. life, their physical life, and, above all,

thanksgiving I associate with these men, We sang today "A Poor Wayfaring their spiritual life. These are the things

the General Authorities of the Church, Man of Grief."The Prophet Joseph that men do not realize when they come

these men who preside over the stakes was in prison. Everything that he in our midst. These are the things that

and wards of Zion—these men who are possessed, apparently, was in the hands (Continued on page 748)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942 GENERAL CONFERENCE, SATURDAY EVENING

first It the steers of of the herd part a meeting was then being crowded and CLIFFORD E. YOUNG into extract. asleep beef of pretty sound In other went one can nearly and

(Continued from page 747) words, in every can were vitamins of snored his head off. Now are you domen did not realize when they came the herd. Rather a rough comparison, ing that? Am I doing it? It is one thing

to Nauvoo, in the days of the Prophet I agree, but in a sense isn't each one of to have a testimony and another thing

Joseph. They saw merely the external, us a soul of the virtues of all of us? to do something about it. Don't you

is internal; there thenot but a power little I that think sense so I have that I that thoroughly convinced one am

I feel, arehere that and you and we testidisparagingly of speaking the am is virtues that the the great of of Church it, for the forgrateful to tonight God of person. a humble mony Church The visiting taking of the honey, about and

of the that us given hastestimony God faith. rests that of kind on mother if My please, flower. flower to from you

I this rejoicedivinity of with work, and just at taught her knee imporhow me visiting the another with keeps one Our it all in heart, in the with nameyou my is. tant that is alive. question no There Church

Christ.of Jesus Amen. at,, I illustrate driving what To am it. right concerns about now me What

is that these contacts with one another may I tell a story that was told to us

said patriarch that he It is A good situation. to there. a challenge rubber MARVIN O. are going to be hampered. It is this down in Lehi at a recent conference to take was asked his saw and hammer had have never so many inyou. You

roads on your organizations as now. to the church and do some work. He

find couldn't found he but the hammer, the for leaving the boys have You ASHTON it, all for saw. over hunted He the the going to people army, you have the Presiding Bishopric of finally his wife to the rescue. and came

Delivered at the Saturday Evening She said, "Now, Father, if I were you

Session of the \\3th Semiannual Gen- I would think where I used that saw eral Conference, October 3, 1942, in last, and I believe I would hunt in the Tabernacle. that place."Well, he went everywhere in search of the saw. He looked

would give almost anything I have high and low ever trying to think where if I could fight away the timidity he last used the saw and praying that

I that comes with this responsibility. he might be guided to the lost article.

there that feeling, withHowever, in climbed saw on is He the roof—no thouof the consciousnesswith me the sight. moment, he was when At that

sands of sympathetic attitudes towards about to despair, although it was a us who have this responsibility in genbreezeless day, a slight stir of the air eral conference. If we did not enjoy tipped the saw from the top of the chimthe music and the fine things that are ney. It whirled through the air and

said here on these occasions, if we didn't stuck in the shingled roof a few feet have those at all, it would be worth ahead of him like the alighting of an while just to grasp the hands of you arrow. In soliloquizing about this almen and get the white of your eyes and most miraculous restoration, our patrithe spirit that you carry with you. I arch remarked to us, "I thought I saw

want to take this occasion to express the hand of the Lord in that saw. But,"

my appreciation of the filial feeling that emphasized he, "I was dead sure the you extend to us. Lord wanted me to see the hand of the

As we go about visiting you in the saw."Now, it is easier to see the hand

different stakes, so far as some of us are of the Lord in things than it is to see concerned, we wonder just how much the hand of the saw.

good we do. But there is one thing we Someone has wisely said, "Many a

it Iare about, sure expressed have and false standing step has by a made man fine sure of once; the are than 0.more MARVIN ASHTON we still."of our Church member good A

is itspirit get that you, from and we is in skilful the of the use more who if it elsefault don'tnot take your last we but not least, and arms centers, is stated in penmanship than he baton where. I am one of those who believe you have the people that are going that in giving the name of a hymn to

that inspiration as ladder goes up the It is going to their crazy over money. the as, "Sweet and Low,"be sung

that ladder.well I mean picture. as down the heads, is a sad and it it presiding announced brother

we expect and get inspiration and reve- "Sweat and Sow."Rather an oddas,

lation leaders. our file from it said, It must often "Liberheard have be "VTou is life and "sweat but coincidence, more

inspiration going the A ty, are liberty, crimes many how itthat way—that's low."is "sweet and sow"than Do

I ladder. the not unmindful,down I just am in committed thy name?"May fish bar notthe sand of us on some

however, of the inspiration that goes change that a little bit? "Oh, rubber, oh withstanding the fact that the fish have

in ladderup the your as you communtires, (the of them), want many how the river? with out moved

ities, stakes wards, deyour your and crimes to omission of are going be comin closing this piece called I read May things perfect them;velop then and we in If inactive, mitted thy name?"you are People"? "Blind

who visit you get these ideas and parif you are shirking your responsibilities, readjustment. of This age is an Only like influences. are thosetake of it are to going We the lack on blame you

fit changes of those quick capable makingthe to flower flower goes bee from who rubber, of while and and you times. closed the with eyes and Those it. findsipping Unless honey we as we me, love hope unmindful you I amI lovenot blind for trouble. closed are in minds Aare altogether feet, canour dead on we in of find the conditions of some we left furniture the in unwants a room the mannot help scattering the pollen—the prestakes. We find people who are not as changed. Only then can he move about

cious gems we find, in your particular active as they ought to be. They have with any degree of comfort and safety.

stakes. Each one of us is made the a testimony of the gospel, (at least they Change the setting, and he finds himself

things. virtuebetter into longer of the attainments bumping he can by No there. and think, but they stops have) We

freely. In there are our Churchspirit many us. rest the of of I move active as as not are be. should itwe

if blind. as act they were They men who seeing, often think of the old fellow as our I remember a boy, a packdown too changes worship made. want no They

fasting to that advertisement get company's on used up days who was way familiar patterns, ideas, methand new new on the billboards of every city in the and say, "I just can't rest until I have ods, new personalities cause them discomUnited States. I can see that picture borne my testimony."The trouble fort. Now is the time to remember the law

now as vividly as if it were yesterday. with him was that he bore his testimony of the survival of the fittest. We survive

GENERAL CONFERENCE, SATURDAY EVENING THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

nice these be it would to have offices in the the of MARVIN O. ASHTON toforthethoseattentionreports,of theof course,presidencyis toof callthe thingsthere, andon file head

or perish adaptability to our according we they they are failing, wherein checked can be and Church where quorums upon inadaptability to environment.or our

is Each it of being a presidency is the Surely missed of every duty known. and much ask,of changes must us must I make "What

I feel his to the as I go amongst and feel members'you quorum quorum know fit this thinking to to environnew mein my ment?"activity and to be closely associated spirit in your stakes.

I am not in any sense fighting the idea with them and be indeed a father to his God bless us and help us to measure presented by Brother Bowen. I think brethren and to show a great deal of inup to this responsibility, that the men

lie is just as right as he can be. You terest in them. I have noticed that pracwho hold this Priesthood might act as

retically their sons in is being nothing done with do their time spend who fundamentals.can't change have We

field the President mission Grant thirteen the request spect to and put in and the comingpeople in all around us by thousands. What are you doing about made some years ago, that we work with fourteen hours a day in doing something

it? Are we going to absorb them, or those who are addicted to liquor and toabout the responsibility which is theirs

are they going to absorb us? It depends bacco; and I find in one quorum where is my prayer in Jesus'name. Amen.

on our attitude. there are fortyfour members and not

May the Lord help us to be broadone of them is reported as observing the per- I think of Wisdom. Now, see the and handminded of the saw and Word fill Mutual Messages neglected secretary to has haps the off. our heads Amen.work

in the answer in his hurry to get the job (Concluded from page 738)

or the mailing card. postal of a are They NICHOLAS G. over. In other quorums I find where a Keeperswaiting are only as far as your telephone to and eager help you solve your

problems. After analyzing the success you

are having as a BeeKeeper and you find SMITH definite weak spots, do not let time slide by.

Assistant to the Twelve Do something about it before you meet your

Delivered at the Saturday Evening swarm next week. If stake BeeKeepers

are to assist unable you, the of remember we Semiannual GenSession of the \\3th general committee are only too glad help. to

in 3, 1942,eral Conference, October the Tabernacle. 3. Membership awards. There is no

award in BeeHive of which the group is a marvelous thing, my brethren, should be more proud than the M's for enIt to be numbered among the men who rolling one hundred percent of the girls Beethe Hive age within in the three ranks. ward in the called to act have been name

will find a You complete statement to as are one here There onof God the requirements in the supplement. Your

eleven morehundred is attention called to thousand—slightlyearth. all fact that the three—men holding the Melchizedek Priestgroups must achieve before any one of them

hood, divided into one thousand two is entitled to their award. When writing

hundred six quorums. I suppose there for the M's, be sure to indicate how many

are five thousand of that number here you need of each of the three colors. This

year there girls be will many add whotonight, constitute leaders the and you the their if second on they band received willM activtheof Church. know, you As my their last year. award

field.ity mission largely in the has been

Since returning from the Northwestern 4. War Service pin. A new honor badge,

sixty, in field number the is Public Service to Mission,States assigned been I have all to the other honor in that badges report Priesthood everyread quorum in similaronly one badge can given, be matter no how to notations as this Church, and make it is times repeated. if many However,

where these Priesthood quorums are girl spends an additional twentyfour hours,a falling down. It has been an interesting NICHOLAS G. SMITH making a total of thirtysix, in filling the rething to me to note that for the month of quirements of this honor badge, she is then

entitled to the wear service pin. war in activity, just past, high theAugust liquor third use of the members quorum groups are performing Many excellent priests of the Stake quorum Diego San I things these that sure tobacco, and am services. war BeeKeepers in should keep its of leads percent eightytwo with to pleasing are our touch their Heavenly local not with agencies assist the and

in active. stake lowestmembers The Scouts if other Boy and secretaries organizations the Father. But quorum in war

priests high runs only the quorums service work. Newspapers staradio and presithe be would more careful—if percent. that along tions will All twelve between often give publicity to efforts, these of dencies upon check quorums would

letting thus people percent eightytwo of twelve point and are conwhat know we before the these questions answers and tributing, as well girls as feel the making different the function. percent, quorums the that reports see sign they they and encouraged and important in the they work perpercent a Eightytwo be would low if filled are properly quorums out and are doing. like should to write you and We if the really realized Priesthood centage their in tell only send would of us any activity unusual are doyou reports—we calling their of the as importance God's ing, it that sent that haven't might be to quorums other passed have some on

their representatives respective in groups. all this their in reports year, me yet—to sure. places, I am it is in the after rather strange laboring 5. Ordering. office The Young Women's for seventies In the August, Long field, mission hundred having does one orders and not send the of because C.O.D.

perseventy-four led with Stake Beach increased cost to the recipient, the mispercent response nor does ask you when cent of the seventies active; in the lowsionaries to do something, to come home charge. This means that either a moneyit

eight est sevstake percent only of the check, stamps, or currency acmust find order, the Priesthood with and and work all orders. office active. enties company were apwould The that it runs four percent as as low who preciate list price your using a each time as fiftyin the elders Stake Juarez Of in stakes. are active some blank. your order time could So be much active, percent nine there and were were

if orders sent saved is I out and true. more promptly the Brethren, gospel know that stakes four percent only hadtwo

colors etc., required, and number are checked I I it. these love with love and men their active. elders of

list, right if the price the on the of and name I associate. the stakes I love and it,whom

stake as the ward well and as and name it in interesting I has checkbeen fields. the the mission "VTow wards, have and

filled the address in of sender correctly. are I stakes, that ing to find these reports the found, wherever go among many too, that Remember, rings badges honor and

of the questions are not answered. They such a sweet spirit that I am sure things cannot be sent unless the order is accompanare slurred over and the very reason are not reported that are happening ied by the stake BeeKeeper's signature.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

A BOOK TO SEND AWAY! The Light that Shines

A BOOK TO KEEP AT HOME!

(Concluded from page 691 HIS /!---/! ALW/lYi in Darkness

By RICHARD L. EVANS rels if applied by warring nations would

This is the second volume of sermonettes "from the Crossroads of in itself do away with war.

the West,"containing nearly 140 comments on life, each of which can If America is the "melting pot,"the be read in less than two minutes. gospel of Jesus Christ is the crucible in

A companion book to "Unto the Hills."which hate, envy, and greed are conThere is inspiration in every line—to youth in a troubled generation sumed, and good will, kindness, and—to all who face the problems of our day. love remain as inner aspirations by

"This Day - - - And Always"is scheduled for release in early Dewhich man truly lives and builds.

cember by Harper & Brothers, Publishers, New York.

Available at Bookdealers Everywhere Proclamation of Christ's

Order Now! $1.50 a Copy. Teachings

(See coupon inside cover) 'T'he Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints believes with the Prophet Lehi that America is a "land of prom-—aise, alandlandofchoicelibertyaboveunto thoseall otherwholands"keep

the commandments of God. But "if the

day shall come that they will reject the

Holy One of Israel, the true Messiah, their Redeemer and their God, behold, the judgments of him that is just shall Dedicated To rest upon them."The Church believes,

also, that before the end of wickedness shall come, and wars shall be no more, "this gospel of the Kingdom must be preached to all the world."The Big Task

The Constitution of this government was written by men who accepted

kind. these Let and men women in

States to then United continue The preservation Jesus Christ as the Saviour of mankeep their eyes centered upon Him who ever shines as a Light to all the world. Men

and women who live in America, "the of America land of Zion,"have a responsibility greater than that yet borne by any other people. Theirs the duty, the obliand complete gation to preserve not only the Constitution of the land but the Christian

mortal document. victory over all principles from which sprang that imWith the appeals for freedom that

the seas, across also in send mesmen sages sincerity her enemies is you transmit to your fellowcountry- a that connote never before expressed, an avowed convicthe task to which tionthe Life,that Christthe onlyis thesafeWay,Guidethe toTruth,that haven of peace for which men and women the wide world over are earnthat estly praying. hope Thus may we all employees of there to the prayan answer will come

er: Peace in our time, O Lord, this company To all the peoples—Peace!

Peace that shall build a glad new world,

And make for life's increase.

O living Christ, who still have dedicated Dost all our burdens share,

Come now and dwell within the hearts

Of all men everywhere. themselves. To this end let members of the

Church, and honest men in every clime accept, not as an abstract, inapplicable saying, but as an eternal and guiding truth, the declaration of the Redeemer: UTAH POWER & LIGHT CD "I am the light of the world: he that

followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life."

Amen.

Qhanqsidu IN CHURCH OFFICERS Announced in the Saturday morning session of the \\3th Semiannual General Conference, October 3, 1942

Special Appointments: George F. Christensen chosen president Dependent Branches Made Independent

the of Stake to succeed R. Branches: Nebo Wayland Yalecrest of the Love, Bishop Leonard J.

Falls Castleford Stake. Branch, Twin chairWightman. Stake, appointed BonnevilleWard, E. Jr., chosen president Drury, Edward Falls Filer Branch, Stake. Twin clothing committee of Churchman the new the of to succeed Stake Douglas Denver

of the program. Welfare Church Transferred: Wards Jr. Todd, M.

A. Hamer Reiser, Secretary of the DesWillard L. Smith chosen president of the Crescent, Draper First, Draper Second,

eret Sunday School Union general board, Alberta Stake to succeed Edward J. Wood. Granite, Sandy First, Sandy Second, Sandy

appointed manager of the Deseret Book Ivan Call chosen president of the Nevada Third Wards transferred from East Jordan

Company. Stake to succeed Fred C. Horlacher. Stake to the newly formed Mt. Jordan Stake.

Wendell J. Ashton, member of the general James D. Hoggan chosen president of Winnemucca Ward, Reno Stake, transboard, was appointed to succeed A. Hamer the Burley Stake to succeed President Robferred to the newly formed Humboldt Stake.

Reiser as Secretary of the Deseret Sunday ert O. Hatch. Carlin, Elko, Metropolis, and Wells

School Union board. Howard S. Bennion chosen president of Wards, Nevada Stake, transferred to the

the President to succeed Stake Stake. York formed newly Humboldt New appointed as Larson Mrs, Helena W.

Fletcher. Harvey of thesecretary A. general M. I. Y. W. Disorganized: Wards the president of chosen Melvin Toone J.board. Portneuf Stake, merged Topaz Ward, President Richto succeed Stake Minidoka

Mew Mission Presidents: ard C. May. with the Lava Hot Springs Ward.

Lava Ward, Portneuf Stake, merged with

Eldred L. Waldron appointed to succeed New Wards Organized: the Lava Hot Springs Ward.

of the as president C. HawaiianRoscoe Cox Portneuf Stake, merged Woodland Ward, Farr Fort Ward, Mount West Stake,Mission, Ward. Downey of a division Tenth with by the Ogden to L. succeed formed appointed Barker James

Frederick S. Williams as president of the Ward, North Weber Stake. Independent Branches Transferred:

Argentine Mission. Capitol Ward, Phoenix Stake, formed by Montello Branch, Mt. Ogden Stake, transElijah Allen appointed to succeed Henry a division of the Phoenix Second Ward. fered to the newly formed Humboldt Stake.

H. Blood, deceased, as president of the CaliLorin Farr Ward, Ogden Stake, formed San Rafael Branch, San Francisco Stake,

fornia Mission. by a division of the Ogden Seventh Ward. transferred to Northern California Mission.

Bishop Arwell Lee Pierce, El Paso Ward, Rigby Fourth Ward, Rigby Stake, formed lone Branch, Sacramento Stake, transMt. Graham Stake, appointed to succeed by a division of the Rigby First Ward. ferred to Northern California Mission.

A. Lorenzo Anderson as president of the Rigby Third Ward, Rigby Stake, formed

Mexican Mission. by a division of the Rigby Second Ward. Bishops Who Have Passed Away While in

Compton Center Ward, Long Beach the Service:

New Stakes Organized: Stake, formed by a division of the CompBishop Lorenzo M. Harris, McCammon

ton Ward. 1942. 5, Stake, died Portneuf June Ward, 31, organized Stake was Humboldt May Fifth Stake, Parowan Cedar Ward, five years. after served about having the in1942, branches Reno, and wards from First of the division a Center formed by Smithfield Third Hooper, Bishop Douglas stakes, conand Mt. andNevada, Ogden Ward. 17, 1942, Smithfield Stake, died June Ward,sists Stake; the of Reno Winnemucca Ward, Big Valley Cottonwood Ward, View years. three after served about havingCarlin, wards, Metropolis, Wells Elko, and division the of Stake, a Winder formed by Star Luthi, Bishop Freedom Ward, Henry the IndependStake; Montello andNevada Ward. after 16, 1942, died Stake, August Valley Stake.ent Branch, Mt. Ogden Stake, formed Pasadena El Monte Ward, six years. served about having 3, organized Stake Mt. was Jordan May division of the and Baldwin a Park by

the of division East a1942, Jordan by Obituaries Wards. Rosemead

the Crescent, of DraperStake, and consists Pocatello Stake, former Pocatello Eighth Harker memThomas, Mrs. Ward, Edna

Granite, Second, SandyFirst, Draper of of the the Pocatello Primary a division board general Asof the First. formed ber by

Sandy Second, and Sandy Third wards. Fourth Ward. sociation for nearly thirty years, died April

Stake, Pocatello 1942. Pocatello Ninth 29, Ward,

Fifth division of the PocatelloStake Presidents Chosen: formed H. Blood, seventh governor of Henry by a

Samuel Polloch chosen president of the Ward. Utah, president of the California Mission,

Panguitch Stake to succeed President James former bishop of the Kaysville Ward and

L. Hatch. Independent Branches Made Wards: former president of the North Davis Stake,

James M. Smith chosen president of the Payette Ward, Weiser Stake, formerly died June 19, 1942.

St. Joseph Stake to succeed Jesse A. Udall. Payette Branch. Kumen Jones, patriarch and former bishop

died Bluff the San Juan Stake, Ward, of the president L. Fife chosen Luther Pendleton

11, 1942. Ward, Union Stake, formerly ofJune Scott President to succeed StakeWeiser Branch. B. Pendleton Belof the former bishop Bowles, GeorgeBrown.

Rodney S. Williams chosen president of Napa Ward, Oakland Stake, formerly vedere Ward, Grant Stake, patriarch of the

the newly organized Humboldt Stake. Napa Branch. Los Angeles Stake, died June 30, 1942.

Stanley A. Rasmussen chosen president Pittsburg Ward, Oakland Stake, formMrs. Annie Wells Cannon, one of Utah's

of the newly organized Mt. Jordan Stake. erly Pittsburg Branch. well known women, Church and civic leader

Moses Campbell Taylor chosen president and onetime member of the National of the South Summit Stake to succeed H. New Independent Branches: Women's Relief Society general board, died

Fred Egan. Buckeye Branch, Phoenix Stake. September 2, 1942.

origin. the of its However, the country this frequently

that a bird as stands noble American A. W.Evidences and usedconfusionterm.—/.surrounding still holiday season of American symbol

Reconciliations bears a Moslem name, though Moslem in name only. (Concluded from page 721) Moslem in Name Only

retained the have Aztec names Wephase of man's life, and why activity {Concluded from page 724) for for of the products which many we must characterize the life to come. firmly attached to the noble bird that are indebted to those industrious and

There is much in the gospel not yet it still sticks in all Englishspeaking progressive people such as "tomato,"revealed to man, but that which we countries. "tobacco,""chocolate,""tabasco,"and

know is within the easy comprehension Scientists have bestowed upon this "tamale."Why not "totolin"instead

of man. Certainly, the revealed meanAmerican fowl the name of "Meleagris of "turkey"; an American name for an

ing of salvation removes much of the Mexicana,"which of course designates American bird.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

PRIVATE OWNERSHIP UNDER THE UNITED ORDER {Continued [com page 689) 28 ). The United Order is an individuries, the "Sacred Treasury"and "Anready stated above, was turned over ualistic system, not a communal system. other Treasury,"the general funds of

by the steward to the bishop, and this the Church.

amount of surplus, plus the residues to The Welfare Plan and the Thus you will see, brethren, that in which I have already referred, went United Order many of its great essentials, we have, developed, the as Plan has Welfare now all 51 said that storehouseinto (D. the Welfare a bishop's have & C. We

essentials the Orof the United broad is the citations mateabove), and not the United Plan and was Order13 and rials of the storehouse were to be used not intended to be. However, I should der. Furthermore, having in mind the

in creating portions, as above indicated, like to suggest to you that perhaps, assistance which is being given from for caring for the poor (D. & C. 78:3) after all, when the Welfare Plan gets time to time and in various wards to

in set help or in business farmpeople up is 83: so into not (D.the orphans and widows & C. operation—it

is essentiing, not a plan have which we shall for far enelders the of the from not very be so Church and6) thoroughlyyet—we in unlike ally that the United which was of in the ministry, the great fundamentals carrying out to pay weregaged, who

for what they received if they could, but the United Order. Order when the poor were given porif not, their faithful labors should anIn the first place I repeat again, the tions from the common fund.

swer their debt to the bishop. (D. & C. United Order recognized and was built Now, brethren, the Church has made

72:11 if) upon the principle of private ownership tremendous advances in the Welfare

of property; all that a man had and lived Plan. We shall have to make still greatOther Institutions upon under the United Order, was his er advances. As the Message of the

own. Quite obviously, the fundamental First Presidency said this morning, we

Now, as time went on and the system principle of our system today is the ownare being told by Government officials developed, the Lord created two other ership of private property. that we face what we used to call "hard

institutions besides the storehouse: one In the next place, in lieu of residues times."If the Welfare Plan is fully

was known as the Sacred Treasury, inand surpluses which were accumulated operative, we shall be able to care for to which was put "the avails of the and built up under the United Order, every destitute Latterday Saint whersacred things in the treasury, for sacred we, today, have our fast offerings, our ever he may be.

and holy purposes."While it is not Welfare donations, and our tithing,

into this thatclear, seem it would treasall to be devoted of which may the care THE CONSTITUTION surpluses put the which to beury were poor, as well carrying as for the of the of the the publication derived fromwere the business of the activities of on and I like to something say would Now, therevelations, the of Mormon, Book all, After the Order Church. United else, again counsel. brethren, of by way other similar Price, andPearl of Great build primarily to a up designed was I I shall do, talking of accused, be when

ofthings, the had stewardship which there should system under which be no politics, perhaps on this point and I may others. to (D.been given Joseph and & is poor, abjectly the purpose, and this letters. not read anonymous say I do

C. 104:6066) also, of the Welfare Plan. When they come in I just throw them

The Lord also provided for the creIn this connection it should be obinto the wastebasket. I only read

ation of "Another Treasury,"and into served that it is clear from these earlier enough of the signed scurrilous letters that other treasury went the general revelations, as well as from our history, that are sent to know that they are scurrevenues which came to the Church, that the Lord had very early to tell the rilous, and then they follow along. So

such as gifts of money and those revenpeople about the wickedness of idleness, it is useless for anyone to try to take out ues derived from the improvement of and the wickedness of greed, because any personal feeling in that way.

as distinguished the givingstewardships from the not brethren had were who I all lives our and heard have You original consecrations the of properly,residues those not and were had who that the time the Conwhen come may the live the surpluses intending to from evidently which without cameand work I stitution thread. a hang do by may

their stewardships. (D. of received the thingsoperation to be which on were & it is not thread a whether or a know

ff) property. 72:11 those (D. fromC. had who & C. it small hangs, but rope which by now

The foregoing is the general outline 56:1620) I do know that whether it shall live or

as it is gathered from the revelations Storehouses and Projects die is now in the balance.

of the theof which United law Order said before, to brethren, I have you the Furthermore, under had we as spoke ofthe law."(D. Lord "my & is that to of the Constitution part a me

in bishop's storehouse a United Order in are 51 passages 44:6;:15) ThereC. its it is religion. In just as place my

collected the materials from which were their revelations taken which,the from religion of part as other a any much my the to the wants supply needs which and in the without havingcontext mind and It is part. religion of part a because my store- a bishop's of the poor. have as considered We system, be mightwhole it is institutions those of one which God

for Plan, the house under Welfare usedinconsistent things the of with some set for has and, His purposes, up own purpose. same set out, pasthe all such I have butwhich as set brethren said today, of the one

already indicated, the sur- I have As fall line into if thesages program whole this so that up be estabChurch might is looked at as contained in all of the plus properties which came to the lished, because under no other governrevelations. Church under the Law of Consecration, ment in the world could the Church

under the United Order, became the have been established as it has been esPrivate Ownership Fundamental "common property"of the Church (D. tablished under this Government.

& C. 82:18) and were handled under

The fundamental principle of this systhe United Order for the benefit of the I think I would be safe in saying that fellowship in the Church with you my the private of propownershiptem was poor. under have the Welnow We

I depends accept or not upon whether his portion,erty. or all Each man owned the over fare Plan Church, ward

inheritance, or stewardship, with an abland projects. In some cases the lands the revelations and the principles which

solute title, which he could alienate, or are owned by the wards, in others they God has revealed. If I am not willing

hypothecate, or otherwise treat as his are leased by the wards or lent to them to do that, then I am not entitled to felown. The Church did not own all of by private individuals. This land is lowship. Anyone else who fails to acthe property, and the life under the being farmed for the benefit of the poor, cept the revelations and the principles

United Order was not a communal life, by the poor where you can get the which God has revealed stands in preas the Prophet Joseph, himself, said, poor to work it. cisely the same situation.

(History of the Church, Volume III, p. We have in place of the two treasIn the 101st Section of the Doctrine

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

The Constitution

and Covenants, which contains a revelation received by the Prophet in 1833, in the persecution Missouriwhen was WfT P*-Ss*'—*.-*,at its highest, told the breththe Lord

:',;ren that should help. they for appeal

f S vI I these verses, added whichThen He want to read to you:

According to the laws and constitution of the people, which I have suffered to be established, and should be maintained for the rights and protection of all flesh, according to just and holy principles;

That every man may act in doctrine and principle pertaining to futurity, according to the moral agency which I have given unto him, that every man may be accountable for his own sins in the day of judgWILL#f/lWINTHEWAR ment Materials, labor and plant capacity are so urgently required for

Therefore, it is not right that any man war production, the American railroads and civilian public have to help been asked by win the war getting along without addiin to another.should be one bondage

passenger for the equipment duration. this for I established tional purpose have And

the Constitution of this land, by the hands Although some trains are now quite heavily loaded on certain of wise men whom I raised up unto this days, the Burlington believes civilians can continue to enjoy fast, very purpose, and redeemed the land by the comfortable, dependable railroad transportation if we cooperate shedding of blood. (D. & C. 101:7780)—the American way of accomplishment-—by making the most

effective use of existing facilities. Here are some suggestions:

Influence in the Americas Travel during the middle of the Make Pullman reservations well week, whenever possible. in advance and cancel promptly

needed. not I will all brethren know, suppose you travel, far vacation as if so 9 Spread

nearest Burlington your Consult it attention, practical, that year. entire I will recall to the over yourbut

advice. travel for

is States of thethe Constitution United Travel light. profit counsel can you of baggage Check by the representativeYou

the basic law for all of the Americas, or will not require en route. travel experts.

Zion, as it has been defined by the Lord. J. H. GREGORY, General Agent

You brethren from Canada know that 218 Kearns Building Phone:3-6465 Salt Lake City

your great British North America Act, in its fundamental principles, is based upon our Constitution, and you know that in the courts of Canada, the reports of our Supreme Court, and our Federal courts generally, are just as persuasive as the decisions of the courts of England, and even more so, where questions of constitutional law and constitutional interpretation are involved.

You brethren also know that from the Rio Grande down to the Horn there is no constitutional government except those that are founded primarily upon our own Constitution. In Mexico the

revolutionary party which more than a century and a quarter ago rebelled against the king of Spain and established a republic, copied almost verbatim, and practically overnight, our Constitution, and made it their own. Neither Mexico nor the others to the South interpret

their Constitutions as we interpret ours.

They have different standards and different canons of interpretation, for civiltheir is the fundamental system law. ours is thelaw, while But.ecause common

great essentials of thatthe document, of its absorbing and rich story, the executives have States, of thethe Constitution United which God Himself inspired, is the law selected for this year's M. I. A. reading course:

of Zion, the Americas.

The Law of Zion IN THE GOSPEL NET brethren, So, Dr. John A. Widtsoe

thatstand when I wewishbeginyou toto tamperunderBy with the Constitution we begin to tamper with the law of Zion which God THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Himself set up, and no one may trifle 50 North Main with the word of God with impunity, 141 pages—$1.25 Salt Lake City, Utah

(Concluded on page 754)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

The Constitution

( Concluded from page 753Milk White Eggs

Now, I am not caring today, for myare really swell for self, anything at all about a political party tag. So far as I am concerned.

I want to know what the man stands for. I want to know if he believes in VICTORY LUNCHES

the Constitution; if he believes in its

for Dad on his defense job, and for the free institutions; if he believes in its libchildren in school. erties, its freedom. I want to know if

Remember: Eggs are one of your best tohe knowbelievesif hein thebelievesBill ofinRights.the separationI want

natural sources of vitamins and minerals. of sovereign power into the three great

divisions: the Legislative, the Judicial,

I want to know if he beUTAH POULTRY PRODUCER'S thelievesExecutive.in the mutual independence of

these, the one from the other. When

I find out these things, then COOP. it should receive is who my support,I know whoand

ASS'N. brethren,I care not ifwhatwe hisare partyto livetagasis,a because,Church,

and progress, and have the right to worship as we are worshipping here today, we must have the great guarantees that are set up by our Constitution. There

is no other way in which we can secure these guarantees. You may look at the

t systems all over the world where the principles of our Constitution are not

>'controlling and in force, will and you i You Can't find there dictatorship, tyranny, oppres- i t f sion, and, in the last analysis, slavery.

fDUALITY i* Always Plan t

t t Allegiance the Future by >'MACHINERY t I have said enough. I believe you

said. I have Today,

party allegiance; HELPS PRODUCE \ the Past it understandour duty transcendswhat

I I our duty is allegiance today to the Con- f QUALITY CROPS stitution ( Just haven't because given you to as it was us the by t Lord. fire is all our efforts tofederalTo help officer Every takes you we bend reason a no an i had

oath to support I that Constitution the getting best soward merchandise won't. Don't to be why you

t given. difference The us between and at prices the future afford to pay.had can yu the i by 1 judge

* t of those some to the this: South of us is past. i

there, their fealty down Distributors runs indito t is Fire a constant Ai men- A viduals; here, fealty our allegour and

DEERE visit JOHN HORSE AND ace POWER and you any may iance to run the Constitution to i1 the and I EQUIPMENT.

i L day. principles it which embodies, not to and

i PLANET CULTIJR. SEEDERS individuals. AND i Insure toyour property

i t VATORS. give us God wisdom enable and us i day protected and be i

in these times I of trouble strife MILLS. BEAR clearCAT and HAMMER loss. against

ly to see our that way, inbe we may i MYERS PUMPS. PUMPS—POMONA Better get i1t policy your t strumental in sustaining the Constitu-

i t TIRES GENERAL AND while tion, in—RADIOS can. you upholding free institutions, our t BATTERIES. t> * civil rights, our our freedom of speech,

i t HIGHEST LIGHT press, of GRADE of religion, AND i of and conscience.

i>'i HEAVY HARDWARE. If shall stand together shall we save we Utah* Fire Home i i>'the Constitution, just as * has been foreif seen, Co. t Insurance and not stand do together, weConsolidated Wagon & * this cannot perform we task. great Heber J. Grant & Co. i*i grant that I God true, be we may GENERAL AGENTS Machine Company in pray, the of Christ. name Jesus Amen. City, Salt Lake UtahUTAH IDAHO WYOMING

xtt.3lB?jh. *>. *>. vyifn1,-fr i nferffc ft ittr fr vwwifi'thr"! ir**i fli Ifr ifcidTiwuwi tt.lh i rffo -iTh i -fti mii-*l i,dm

OAKE every month Christmas for your boys in the service by The Editor's Page sending them a twelvemonth subscription to {Continued from page 753)

I to the got depot, I said: "Nephi, why THE IMPROVEMENT ERA earth are on you calling back here? me

Subscribe for the November Conference "Era"and bring the I had an appointment out in Tooele comfort of the Church to them when they need it most. Stake."

12 issues $2.00 "Never mind,"he said; "it was not

(Continued on page 756) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

<Co

1 resident uteb&i /. tjrant

a great man

a wise organizer

an inspiring presiident

(bincerest (congratulations

on his eightysixth birthday

are extended vit

THE PERSONNEL OF

THE INTERSTATE BRICK COMPANY 3180 South 11th East

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

THE EDITOR'S PAGE {Continued [torn page 754) Lord."He said, "Heber, I have sufnumber of other brethren, visiting the

I who sent for you; it was Brother fered the tortures of the damned for Navajo Indians and the Moki Indians.

Lyman. He told me to send the teleten days, thinking I could not tell the Several of our party were riding in

gram and sign my name to it. He told difference between a manifestation "White Tops"and several on horseme to come and meet you and take you from the Lord and one from the devil, back. I was in the rear of the party

to the President's office. That is all I that the devil had deceived me."with Brother Lot Smith. He was on

know."I said, "I have not suffered like that, a big fine irongrey horse, and I was on

life in I that discovered a small I had so hard was mule never prayed but my office, and to the President's went So I riding animal I easiest had that the the best and for as I did anything Lord of allthere Brother Teasdale, and sat of straddled. ever egotism the for forgive would me of the Apostles, Presidencythe ten and

fit the I apostle, east going due when to that were an thinking be was We also B. Youngthe Church, Seymour and

I north, that almost into to and went that changed road ready go and was Presiof the the Sevenand members

I trail us, for of ahead there and but vote a ten myand ago meeting was days revelaSeventies. the thedents of And stop."said, on, Lot; apostle."self "Hold to an be callingtion Brother Teasread was

I Smith, does said, where "Brother from a very Ocunhappy I was man apostleship, the to myselfdale and and trail this lead?"until the next February. For tober B.Brother to one be Seymour Young gully great "It said, to leads a I bear four would He whenever months my the Sevenof the of Presidents Seven no distance just short and away, a Savior, the of divinity the of testimony

ties. it. travel possibly over can that team to would a voice there be seemed We

Brother Teasdale was blessed by say: "You lie, because you have never have to make a regular mule shoe of a

President John Taylor, and George Q. seen Him."One of the brethren had ride to get to the other side of the

Cannon blessed me. made the remark that unless a man had gully."

After the meeting I said to Brother seen the Lamb of God—that was his I said, "Is there any danger fromTeasdale, "I know what you were goexpression—he was not fit to be an Indians if a man were alone over

ing to say to me on the sixth of October apostle. This feeling that I have menthere?"

when you happened to choke half to tioned would follow me. I would wake "None at all."

death and then went into the meetup in the night with the impression: I said: "I visited the spot yesterday

ing.""You do not know that Jesus is the where George A. Smith, Jr., was killed

He said, "Oh, no, you don't."Christ, the Son of God, because you by a Navajo Indian, who asked him for

"Yes, I do,"and I repeated it: "You have never seen Him,"and the same his pistol and then shot him with it, and

and I are going to be called to the feeling would come to me when I would I feel a little nervous, but if there is no apostleship."preach and bear testimony. It worried danger I want to be all alone, so you

He said, "Well, that is what I was me from October until the following go on with the party and I will take going to say, and then it occurred to February. that trail."

me that I had no right to tell it, that I I was in Arizona in February, travel- I had this feeling that I ought not to had received a manifestation from the ing with Brigham Young, Jr., and a testify any more about the Savior and

W END

E haven't been doing so well by you lately. You have asked for many

things we can no longer obtain for you. Furthermore, we feel our service has not been as prompt in some cases as it should be.

This is just to let you know we will welcome your constructive criticisms. We have a tendency to blame all our failures and shortcomings on the war,

as the easiest excuse. If we can improve our service to you under present conditions, we wish to, and we'll make every effort to do so.

You have been most patient and understanding. For your forbearance, please

accept our sincere gratitude

Cordially yours, SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO.

OGDEN PROVO LOGAN SALT LAKE CITY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

THE EDITOR'S PAGE that, really, I was not fit to be an tell the people about it. I had always

apostle. It seemed overwhelming to me understood and known that my mother

that I should be one. There was a was sealed to the Prophet, and that

spirit that said: "If you have not seen Brigham Young had told my father that

the Savior, why don't you resign your he would not marry my mother to him position?"for eternity, because he had instrucAs I rode along alone, I seemed to tions from the Prophet that if anything

see a council in heaven. The Savior happened to him before he was marwas there; the Prophet Joseph was ried to Rachel Ivins she must be sealed

there; my father and others that I knew to him for eternity, that she belonged to

were there. In this council it seemed him.

that they decided that a mistake had That is the reason that Father spoke

I this in recouncil to in fillingbeen up which have not made the vacancies US! VISIT

in said: ferred, the choose not and of the Quorum "Why Twelve, conand Salt to Lake you come When the bebearsference name, boy had who who adjourned. my chances The

... visit City, Utah Hotel to apostles?"longs of the to you, the one bewere Brethren wait would another

is provithere every where inspiration tosix given me. That was months, the and to the remedy way comfort for sion your and I truthfully that can Februsituation say from to send was a revelation nampleasure. I until ary, 1883, nevering had the today fill have men should the who vacancies. In this council the Prophet said, any of that trouble, and I can bear my The beautiful EMPIRE ROOM

"I want to be represented by one of testimony that I know that God lives, for dining and dancing. The

my own in that Council."that Jesus is the Christ, the Savior of colorful COFFEE SHOP,

A little while before this I had atthe world, and that Joseph Smith is a where you enjoy fine food, tended the funeral of Brother Snedeprophet of the living God; and the evil graciously served.

ker, a counselor in the bishopric of Mill does not try to persuade me that I do Luxurious rooms.

Creek Ward, and Brother Joseph E. not know what I am talking about. I

Taylor spoke at the services. In his have never had one slight impression You're always welcome at

remarks he became very pathetic to to the contrary. I have just had real, "The Utah."

think that the Prophet had given his life genuine joy and satisfaction in profor the Cause and that he had no repreclaiming the gospel and bearing mysentative in the quorums of the Priesttestimony of the divinity of Jesus HOTEL UTAH hood of the Church. He was followed Christ, and the divine calling of Joseph SALT LAKE CITY

the Smith, prophet. Brother F. Smith, and Brothby Joseph GUY TOOMBES,

brethren, said: Now, believeer Bible Smith the "'We Director I could go on dictatManaging

to be the word of God as far as it is ing by the hour, there are so many translated correctly,'and I believe it is things that have happened in my life translated correctly when it says that that I would like to tell you.

if a man die his brother shall marry his I once more thank the Saints for widow and raise up seed to the dead their faith and for their prayers, and that for the strength today I have to steps take onlyman, and I need two in (huwwudnc onehalf and with comparison two to place standingfrom where now I am my hand on the shoulder of a man who years ago. A 416 page book

is one of the Twelve Apostles of the May God's blessings be and abide

Church, who is a son of the Prophet with you, one and all, and all the people honest the Saints directly and all at me. he pointed andJoseph,"the A lew Witness for Christ of prayer over, is the impression world profound my heart, a very It made

upon me, and I wondered if I should even so. Amen.

in America—

THE MESSAGE OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY The Book of Mormon (Continued from page 687) for help, with that simple assurance Contemporary Historical data its "Coming Forth"aid concerning unpolluted faith bring and which or measure the joy fathom canus, who the comfort to those and and "Publication"who abide father mother that blessing and ofthe of DR. sobriety KIRKHAM By FRANCIS law His W. keep comand the and stand before Lord canwho mandments. kept commandhavesay: Thy "We Price $1.50 postpaid nations Rulers suppose of not may lived ours have andments. Thy We their that less will peoples be of drunken $1.00 price Discounted blessings promisedlaw. Vouchsafe Thy

call are themselves. than they postpaid We I, word, us. rememberunto Thy We all rulers the of nations upon to show L. in stakes S. D. missionaries what ye dothe Lord, bound when am

their their peoples examples by how to U. S. in missions rest and to toand men healingI power say.'Let Thy

life. live the virtuous sober and services We armed 'that the deafflicted ones ourupon

call their to bring into counthem upon shall as them, passstroying angel by to orders Send sels, the unof reenthroned reason slay Israel, not and children ofthe Zion's Publishing Printing "& minds. will drunken and wisdom Thenthem.'

return, vision will leave peace Co. her and

As with a person, as with a people, hiding place to bless the world. We Independence, Missouri

so it is with a nation. A drunken naexhort men and rulers the world over or

will withthattion expect cannot God blessings to learn the to which come Francis Kirkham W. off the judgments, norhold His ward live full those of law God's who

12th East 436 South destroyer. the drunken ofravages health, that they under may, His A hands

nation is a seedbed for disaster—poliand by His power, help to bring salvaSalt Lake City, Utah

tical, physical, moral, and spiritual. A tion, temporal and spiritual, to the Available for mailing about

drunken nation may not, even in its whole human race. November 15th

hours of direst distress, pray to God ( Continued on page 758

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

TRAVELER'S MOTOR LODGE THE MESSAGE OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

STATE 1481 SOUTH SALT LAKE'S OUTSTANDING MOTOR (Continued from page 757) ing her a harlot. (Jeremiah 3) Paul COURT

and Modern New to declared the Ephesians: Chastity Air Conditioned StrictlySummer—Automaticthis that For know, no whoremonger, ye ally in Heated FurnWinter—Beautifullyin

... hath person ished unclean of the demon drink, nor any inheritWith Floors Carpeted J"Tpon the heels and Colored

Radios Free tread of unchastity in the demons ance the kingdom of Christ and of God.

BEST BETTERTile THANShowers, THE (Eph. 5:5) fornication, HOTELS harlotry, adultery, while LESS FOR

murder itself lurks not far behind. From The Revelator declared that whoreAdam until now, God has commanded mongers "shall have their part in the

that His children be sexually clean. lake which burneth with fire and brimHere again we extend gratitude to stone: which is the second death."

our Heavenly Father for the great body (Rev. 21:8) And when he wished to

its false church and into led the world THE ADVERTISERS oflaw.the ToSaintsthe whoCorinthians,have keptPaulthesaid:moral condemniniquities thethatgreathad

wickedness, apostasy the Revelaand that the not are ye ye temple of Know and Where You Will Find the called her "Mystery, Babylon Spirit that the in tor of dwelleth God, and God

Their Messages you?If any man defile the temple of God, him Great,Abominationsthe Motherof the ofEarth."Harlots (Rev..and

shall God destroy: for the temple of God is 17:5) Jacob, teaching the Nephites,

Albers Milling (Friskies) 727 holy, which temple ye are.—(I Cor. 3: 1617; declared:

Alexandria Hotel 761 II Cor. 6:16) unto them commit whoredoms, who Wo Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

shall for thrust to hell.- they be again: down And Back Cover

Borden Company 723 What? know ye not that your body is the (2 Nephi 9:36)

Brigham Young University 761 temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, To us of this Church, the Lord has

Chicago, Burlington & Quincy....753 which ye have of God, and ye are not your declared that adulterers should not be

Consolidated Wagon & Machine own?—(I Cor. 6:19) admitted to membership (D. & C. 42:

...754 Co if in; that adulterers the Church, 76 ) the of observed have law You who Continental 677 Oil Co unrepentant, should cast out be (D. & chastity the of temples kept have God Denver Grande Railroad & Rio if repentant C. should but 42:75), be undented. stand can unabashed You.763 Co

Deseret Book Co 717 before the Lord. He loves you. He permitted to remain (D. & C. 42:74,

Deseret News Press 766 will bestow honor and reward upon 42:25) and, He said, "By this ye

Faultless Starch Co..724 you. Every overcoming of temptation may know if a man repenteth of his

FelsNaptha Soap Co 684 brings strength and glory to the soul. sins—behold, he will confess them and

First Security 762 Corp forsake (D. C. them."—58:43) & bless the to continue and Lord May

...728 Glade Candy Co the three revelation In great the on all in prosper of rightyour works you Globe Grain 727 Milling Co...673, & glories, said, heavenly speakthe Lord eousness. Standards Gospel 762 ing inherit will of those lowest the who of forgotten us But some what have Hall's 726 Canker Remedy telestial of these, or the glory: sins. the said has these Lord about Heinz, 675 Co H. J.

Hotel Utah 757 Some of us have failed to teach our These are they who are liars, and sorcerIn the Gospel Net......753 children the need for sexual purity. ers, and adulterers, and whoremongers, and

Interstate Brick Co 755 Some teachers have tried to lay bare whosoever loves and makes a lie.—( D. & C.

KSL Radio Station to our youth the mysteries of life, and 76:103)

- Inside Back Cover so have robbed the creative act of all The doctrine of this Church is that

Station Radio 765 KLO illicit sexual relations of sexual sanctity the beginthe with from which sin—the L. S. Business D. College 764

it. in ning its enormihas enshrouded and These men God women—stands, Strauss Levi 677

ty, restraining righteous to given next murder. no have Lion 729 House

its principle in disessential place. too So, has with Lord no The drawn Mapleine 728

Morning Milk 726 many, modesty has become a derided tinctions between fornication, adultery,

Mountain Fuel Supply Co virtue, and the sex desire has been deand harlotry or prostitution. Each has

- Inside Front Cover graded to the level of hunger and thirst. fallen under His solemn and awful

New Park Mining Co 765 From Sodom and Gomorrah until now, condemnation.

New Witness for Christ in Amersex immorality, with its attendant evils You youths of Zion, you cannot asica 757 of drink and corruption, has brought sociate in nonmarital, illicit sex rela729 Books Church Old is nations, tionships, fornication, mightiest the of has esde- which low and

Palace Hotel 678 peoples, stroyed has the powerful reduced the judgments cape punishments and Biscuit Purity 673 Company level erring the almost against of to the the declared man has which Lord Baking 723 Royal Company

Safeway Stores, Inc. 679 beasts of the field. this sin. The day of reckoning will

Salt Lake Union Stock Yards....680 That we may be reminded of the come just as certainly as night follows

Sears, Roebuck & Co 756 enormity of the sin of unchastity, it is day. They who would palliate this

SoilOff.......764 well that we recall some of the things crime and say that such indulgence is

Southern Pacific Railroad Co.....682 which the Lord and His prophets have but a sinless gratification of a normal

Products Garden Tea Co it. 725 said desire, concerning like appeasing hunger and thirst,

This 765 And Always....750, Day... basic principles of of the ten lips. Their speak filthiness One with their

Traveler's 758 Motor Lodge society, Christian accepted their leads and counsel wisto destruction; by all

Pacific Railroad 676 Union Co to of the true Lies. worshipers God, came the Father of from dom comes....678 Pacific Stages Union

Utah Engraving Co 723 men at Sinai when God wrote with You husbands and wives who have

Utah Home Fire Insurance Co 754 His own finger: "Thou shalt not comtaken on solemn obligations of chasUtah-Idaho Sugar Co....681 mit adultery."tity in the holy temples of the Lord

Utah Metal Mining Industry 760 By the laws of Moses, adulterers and who violate those sacred vows by

Utah Oil Refining Co. 680 were stoned to death. (Deut. 22:24) illicit sexual relations with others, you

Utah Poultry Producers'Coop God said to Israel: "There shall be no not only commit the vile and loathAss'n 754 whore of the daughters of Israel, nor some sin of adultery, but you break the

Light 750 Utah Power & Co Israel."of the of a sons sodomite oath the yourselves you with made Publicity State 759 Utah through (Deut. 23:17) God, before the Himself to Lord went you When Trust 767 Bank Walker & Co

Israel for apostasy, chastened altar sealing. Jeremiah, become for your You

He pictured her loathsomeness by callsubject to the penalties which the Lord

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

THE MESSAGE OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY has prescribed for those who breach without moral infirmity. He can be The Lord has told us that it is the

their covenants with Him. reached by no shafts of base calumny, duty of every husband and wife to obey

Of the harlots and those who visit for his armor is without flaw. His the command given to Adam to multithem, God speaks in terms of divine virtue cannot be challenged by any just ply and replenish the earth, so that the

contempt. They are they who have baraccuser, for he lives above reproach. legions or choice spirits waiting for

gained away an eternity of bliss for the His cheek is never blotched with their tabernacles of flesh may come momentary pleasures of the flesh. shame, for he is without hidden sin. here and move forward under God's

The Lord will have only a clean He is honored and respected by all great design to become perfect souls, people. He has said, "I, the Lord, will mankind, for he is beyond their censure, For without these fleshly tabernacles

contend with Zion, and plead with her He is loved by the Lord, for he stands they cannot progress to their Godstrong ones, and chasten her until she without blemish. The exaltations of planned destiny. Thus, every husband

overcomes and is clean before me,"(D, eternities await his coming. and wife should become a father and

& C. 90:36) mother in Israel to children born under

But they who sin may repent, and, Parenthood the holy, eternal covenant.

spirits bringing choice to these repenting, willthey forgive them, By God earliest to His commands Amongst asfather earth, eachfor said, mother the and each "Behold, has Lord he who ** said: the and Eve, Lord Adam spirit tabernacled the sins, is his and the repented towards ofhas sume same earth."replenish the "Multiply and He I, having the Himselfforgiven, towards the Lord Lord, by and remember

in that repeated our day. has command opportunity of the taken advantage (D. more."nothem C. He 58:42) & this, last in the again revealed has He offered, obligation the of most an virtue in us of authority the By eterdispensation, principle the the of that fate kind, of the sacred because the First asvested the of Presidency of the nity covenant. marriage He eternities spirit in the to come, the areChurch, people our warn we who for the earth restored authority to has shall blessings punishments or whichoffending, the the degradation, of into that entering covenant, has and

it hereafter, in in depend, the await atwickedness, the that punishment it is the declared that only and due care, teachings, the great part, the upon unchastity;tend upon urge to you we joining proper of and husband way shall the parents training the which the blessingsremember flow which wife, the only the and which means by spirit. that to give the life; living of the cleanfrom we relationship sacred carfamily be may

call upon you to keep, day in and day ried beyond the grave and through No parent can escape that obligation the responsibility, for that andout, the chastity, of strictest way this and eternity. that He has declared

will thereof, the proper meeting Lordthrough only which choice can God's created eternal relationship may be gifts come to you and His Spirit abide only by the ordinances which are adhold us to a strict accountability. No

with you. ministered in the holy temples of the loftier duty than this can be assumed

How glorious is he who lives the Lord, and therefore that His people by mortals.

chaste life. He walks unfearful in the should marry only in His temple in acMotherhood thus becomes a holy

full glare of the noonday sun, for he is cordance with such ordinances. (Continued on page 761

fr & CdUk Ojua. Tbw (phoApshih—

A NEW OBLIGATION /N the past few months we in Utah have seen Industrial Development and ex- \M pansion of opportunity beyond our fondest hopes. Our many resources are

\ / being reevaluated and have been found to be of far greater worth than most of us realized.

Utah—fineMany newmen handsand womenhave beenwhoneededhave cometo turnfromthemanywheelspartsof ourof theIndustrializedcountry to

make their homes with us and to engage in the behindthe-lines fight against oppression.

To these people we have an obligation... one of neighborliness and hospitality. We all have a fine opportunity now to extend these newcomers a hand

of welcome—to tell them of the wonders and beauty of their new home—to make

them feel that they are among true, hospitable friends.

To one who has seen the "desert bloom as a rose,"the commissioners of the

Department of Publicity and Industrial Development extend greetings and congratulations to President Heber J. Grant on the eightysixth anniversary of his birth.

A. S. BROWN, Chairman H. J. PLUMHOF ORA BUNDY

DEPARTMENT OF PUBLICITY AND INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT

Dooly Bldg. Salt Lake City, Utah

ft- -it THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

They're All Out for Victory at Utah Copper

Presented Presented to to the Each Man Organization

On October 12th the coveted "E"of the Army and Navy was presented to the Utah Copper Co. and men at the mine and mills.

This is the Nation's highest industrial award for excellence in production for the war effort.

It is a fitting tribute to the workers and management for their loyalty, skill, efficiency and wholehearted cooperation.

We congratulate the employees and the company for this outstanding achievement.

THE METAL MINING INDUSTRY OF UTAH

International Smelting & Refining Co. American Smelting & Refining Co. Park Utah Consolidated Mines Co.

States United Smelting of Utah Ohio Copper Company Refining Combined Metals Reduction Co. Mining and Company Tintic Standard Mining Company

Silver King Coalition Mines Co. Chief Consolidated Mining Co. Park City Consolidated Mines Co.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

THE MESSAGE OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY it- # {Continued from page 759) off balance in all of their activities, calling, a sacred dedication for carryeconomic, social, political, and religing out the Lord's plans, a consecraious, that they stand in real danger of Young Latterday Saints tion of devotion to the uprearing and falling. Satan is making war against

fostering, the nurturing in body, mind, all the wisdom that has come to men and spirit, of those who kept their first through their ages of experience. He Can Serve AMERICA..

estate and who come to this earth for is seeking to overturn and destroy the their second estate "to see if they will very foundations upon which society, more skilfully and strongly do all things whatsoever the Lora their government, and religion rest. He aims after training at their

shall them."(Abraham theoriesGod command to adopt have and men pracChurch University.

their sec-3:25) lead them to keep tices their forefaTo induced he which

ond estate is the work of motherhood, thers, over the ages, to adopt and try, Young men can enlist and "they who keep their second estate only to be discarded by them when in the Reserve Officers'shall glory have ruinadded upon their heads impractical, unsound, and found V (Army, Corps Navy, Macit.for (op. ever."ever liberty ous. and to plans destroy and

Air Guard, rines, Coast service divine This political, of remotherhood and freedom—economic,He Forces) on studand carry rendered onlycan be mothers. by It ligious, thereof in place to set up and

may not be passed to others. Nurses the greatest, most widespread, and ies that will help them in

cannot do it; public nurseries cannot most complete tyranny that has ever war and in peace.

do it; hired help cannot do it—only oppressed men. He is working undermother, aided as much as may be by such perfect disguise that many do not Young women can

the loving hands of father, brothers, recognize either him or his methods. study business, homeand sisters, can give the full needed There is no crime he would not comVeconomics, and many other

measure of watchful care. mit, no debauchery he would not set subjects fitting them to

The mother who entrusts her child up, no plague he would not send, no serve in war industry, servto the care of others, that she may do heart he would not break, no life he ice auxiliaries, etc.

nonmotherly work, whether for gold, would not take, no soul he would not for fame, or for civic service, should destroy. He comes as a thief in the o t h sexes receiveremember that "a child left to himself night; he is a wolf in sheep's clothing. VBspiritual development

hisbringeth their to it, the people shame."mother (Prov. knowing Without will help them work which

that said In the lead our29:15) are being paths has urged Lord day down courageously, and fightthat unless their parents teach children beto destruction. never only Satan

the doctrines of the Church "the sin be fore had so firm a grip on this generacleanly, and successfully.

upon the heads of the parents."(D. & tion as he has now.

C. 68:25) In the midst of this welter of lying Special arrangements are

Motherhood is near to divinity. It and deception, of woe and misery, of made so that persons who

is the highest, holiest service to be asdeath and destruction, of violent dishave been working in agrisumed by mankind. It places her who order and threatening chaos, the only culture or war industry may

honors its holy calling and service next saving forces on earth are the eternal enroll late and secure full to the angels. To you mothers in Israel principles of the everlasting gospel of advantage of the time reprotect rights bless Christ and you, and and the powers andwe say God

the strength thegive courage, Priesthood of and you Almighty God. Weof theof maining in the quarter.

faith the love holy sole possessors as the stand and knowledge, and this Church Autumn Quarter Ends shall consecration that enable to duty, of these forces mighty which we have you to fill to the fullest measure the for our own blessing, salvation, and December 18 sacred calling which is yours. To you exaltation, not only, but also we hold

mothers and mothersto-be we say: Be them in trust for all mankind, those Winter Quarter:

live live, chaste, righteously, keep pure, are those dead and that who now who gone, fuJanuary 4-March 26 the those last generation in to the and your posterity to be born may call you blessed. ture, that they, too, all of them who For Information, address The President

will receive and obey the gospel, may

Unity likewise be saved and exalted.

Standing thus, we have the loftiest, Briglram Young University '"Phe Lord has said to His Saints in the most vital, the most sacred responPROVO, UTAH these days: sibility and obligation which God can

responsibility bestow upon man—a unto I say ik-—& obligation transcends every and which not one ye are you,mine.—be one;(D. &andC. if38:27)ye are not that other the to can us and for come

These days through which we are meeting of which God will hold us passing present ANGELES problems strictly callLOS manynow accountable. this high To HDTEL are parto all of us but which all that are new dedicate ing we must we have, iHEMBU ticularly strange to the younger genall that we are, and all that we may beMl ALEXANDRIA

little back-. lesser consecration than come. who have No eration—those RATES; FROMFROM H tt.SO$2.50NDOUBLESINGLSCARAC* this will the full ground of experience and meet whose our DOWNTOWN measure of

knowledge is limited and immature. Indivinely imposed duty. Recognized Utah Headquarters in

Angeles Los fidelity, unchastity, atheism, intemperIn the must wage awesome war we

Director V. SMITH, Managing greed, ance, corruption, avarice, to to CLAYTON salvation righteousness bring and

Salt of Formerly Lake City political, national shoulto stand shoulder men, must we this powerful than today ambition—personal,civilmore at any one. der as forward go and To—are

other time in the lives of us now glorious conflict to destroy sin and set living. pulling are thrusting call and righteousness, They every up memwe ERA THE IMPROVEMENT at fields will into us almost of acreinforce of ber new the Church. must We into than 60,000 going homes more Now tion, lines thought. are of resoludeterminations, new our our They renew month. every

shaking the faith, undermining the tions, retake our covenants, to serve Attractive donor cards will accompany morals, polluting the lives of the peoGod and to keep His commandments. gift subscriptions.

ple. They have thrown many so far (Continued on page 762)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942 ft ft ft ft ftft ftft ft -ft ft ft The Message of the

First Presidency

(Continued from page 761)

have righteousness of armies the now THE PATRIOTIC THIN TO DO From the great war in heaven until have banner. They under one marched

obeyed Him who stands at the head.

been, and it were, not, as have They Buy War Bonds—all you possibly of Apollos, Paul, be, of not we may

of some of and John, Cephas, "some can—as your part in helping to win of

Elias, of some and some and Moses, the war. Esaias, and some of Isaiah, and someof

of Enoch,"for all these inherit not the

In addition, provide for your future celestial kingdom. To gain the celestial

glory we must receive the gospel, and security by building up a cash rethe testimony of Jesus and the prophthe everlasting covenant. (D. and serve in a substantial Savings Acets, 76:100101) & C.

count with one of these First Security The Lord has Himself organized us banks. eousness,for this greatforeseenconflictfromagainstbeforeunrightthe

foundations of the earth were laid. He

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH tionshas prescribedfor our governmentthe rules whileand regulain this

National Association field of action. He has placed at our

has earth and on mouthpiece His head Provo, Logan, With branches at Ogden, in direct us to full authority him given City Park Bingham, Richmond, Magna, disor disobeys this conflict. who He

honors that head is a traitor to the

Unrepentant, he must be cause. FIRST NATIONAL Lord's people. BANK Lord'scast out from the Of Salt Lake City

Lord's the under serve We who loyalty serve with full With branches at Sugarhouse and Tooele anointed, must and devotion. We must heed his inprin- structions admonitions. The and FIRST SECURITY TRUST CO.

rites the ordinances, and Of Salt Lake City not as they are—may ciples,ceremonies—fewthe

be changed by any of us. The Lord

"transgress His casts off those who FIRST SECURITY BANK ordinances, OF IDAHO laws, and break His change Association National

His everlasting covenant."

With branches at Boise, Blackfoot, Emmett, Gooding, Hailey, The principles of the gospel are allIdaho Falls, Jerome, Montpelier, Mountain Home, Nampa, embracing—they are everlasting, unPayette, Pocatello, Preston, Rexburg, St. Anthony, Shoshone changeable, ultimate truth. They will

fit every situation, every problem, every contingency that may arise in

FIRST SECURITY BANK the life of man. There are no local

Rock Springs, Wyoming problems, no peculiar situations, in ward or stake, that may not be solved

Members of forunderanytheseChurchprinciples.officer orIt willmembernot doto

Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation work out for himself a different course from that prescribed. This will lead to

disorder, and the Lord's house is ahouse is order. of needed, new light When ft ft ftftftftftftftftftft will instructions, further or the Lord

make them known through His appointed representative. What we

should seek, is wisdom to apply the old and true principles to new situations.

Let us not suppose that man has reof the pertinent, inspired messages to this generation from a tiescentlyor changedhabits, forin thishis isessentialnot true;qualiall

leader who has devoted his lifetime to good of mankind that has happened today is that some basic passions which, through the generations, mankind had brought under control, have now broken loose in GOSPEL STANDARDS something of their primeval strength.

By President Heber J. Grant They are not new passions. We possess the principles which brought them

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA under subjection once; these principles

50 North Main were given to man in the very begin400 pages—$2.25 a copy Salt Lake City, Utah ning for this exact purpose; we must

now apply them again to conquer these ( Continued on page 764 "ven this shall pass away..."

President Heber J. Grant must have said this to himself many times during his eventful life as he looked

beyond the difficulties of the day... dipt into the future

... saw the better things that would be. As a child he

experienced the tragedy of a Civil War within our own land. Indian uprisings, the Spanish American War, the

first World War... all came and went in the years so

filled with achievement and success for Heber Grant.

Today, in the midst of world chaos, the courage and strength of this great spiritual leader are a constant

inspiration.

Rio Grande congratulates President Grant on this, the 86th anniversary of his birth. His brilliant achievements have been a stimulus to Rio Grande, which began

its service as Utah's Home Railroad about the time that young Heber J. Grant was assuming leadership in religious, civic and industrial affairs.

Rio Grande is proud to have been one of Utah's pioneers... proud to be enlisted now in the great transportation army of our country... speeding Utah's stalwart sons to fighting fronts... rushing Utah's wealth

of resources to farflung production fronts.

W. C. HOWE, Assistant Traffic Manager

DENVER AND RIO GRANDE WESTERN RAILROAD

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942 "L. D. S. Training Pays!"THE MESSAGE OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

(Continued from page 763) authority, can administer to the sick;

Whether we want same old foes of righteousness. This you can teach and exhort one another

to work or not.... is not a new world; it is an old and sinto works of righteousness. You can

ful world again returned, and now once build up and support, one in the other, more to be reconquered and rejuvefaith in the Lord Jesus Christ, in His nated. atonement, and in the gospel, and this

We must cling to the rigid simplicity faith will hold when all else seems principles of the taught, to the Jesus We're All strict simplicity of the ordinances He gone.We are prepared to send you Church

has established—neither elegance nor books and pamphlets as you may need

pomp, nor elaborate ritual and cereand desire.

to bring place to you every therein; we must We wish

consolation, spiritual Going to Work! monykeep thehadeverlastingany comfort covenant. every and

encouragement, every upbuilding incan which command. we Men in the Armed Service fluence We High School and the brethren and and the whole Church

College Graduates HPo our men in the armed service pray for you constantly. And again

everywhere we send our greetings we pray here: May the Lord bless and Wives of Service Men and love. We repeat our message, represerve you and keep you clean.

new our admonitions, rebestow our But we urge you to remember that

Former Office Workers blessings recited in our message at the your righteousness rests between you conference of last April. We pray in and your God. Others may exhort, enMen of Military Age... a prayer which daily ascends to our courage, and support, but you only can

Heavenly Father, that you will live win the victory for your salvation, righteously, that you will be preserved, aided always by the love, the mercy,

Get the training that will that God will hasten the working out of and grace of your Heavenly Father,

His purposes the nations, among so near in your always you who will be qualify you for pleasant, that come peace may and you be relife, righteous lot your wherever may profitable, important work stored to your loved ones, as clean as be cast.

the day on which them. you left Again we say, God bless you.

constant in the war effort and in Our prayer is that He will the reconstruction period sacrificinggive us wisdomservice toto helpyour youcountry.in your The War

that follows. We are making every effort that \X/e renew the statement made in our

opens to us to aid you. Your frequent vv message of the last April conferRegister NOW for inshiftings from place to place, made ence, that obedient to the direct comnecessary by the exigencies of your mand of the Lord given to us more

tensive, practical training. duties, increase our difficulties almost than a hundred years ago ( directing us

We'll gladly send informaimmeasurably. But we shall do the to "renounce war and proclaim peace"best we can. We are setting up a spe-—D. & C. 98:16) the Church is and

tion on request. cial committee whose particular duty must be against war, for war is of

and function it shall be to devise and Satan and this Church is the Church of carry out means of keeping in touch Christ, who taught peace and righteouswith you men in the service. ness and brotherhood of man.

that greatest of the one to chosen ordained and As those L. D. S. blessingsRealizingthat to at the of the can Savior's head come you is stand

to to live His gospel urgent and renew and our trying obey make home, we call these that BUSINESS requestwords of cheer from your loved ones at Church, as followers of the lowly Jesus loved His commandments, ones upon send you we must

inspired slaughter of the to fiendishly a letter sent go by without week COLLEGE ahisfrequent letters. No parent should let the leaders of nations to abandon the ones in the service. loved manhood of the world Every now carrying

SALT LAKE CITY wife should write as frequently, and so on and further planned.

should sweethearts. Every bishop We condemn the outcome which

either himself directly or through one wicked and designing men are now of his counselors, should write at least planning, namely: the worldwide esonce a month to every member of his tablishment and perpetuation of some

ward who is in the armed service, and form of Communism on the one side, so should every presidency of a Priestor of some form of Nazism or Fascism hood with in quorum the a member other. the on these of systems Each walls your: painted Cleans is little This for us enough to do liberty, destroys institufree out wipes dust field. like you and woodwork for those sacrifice prepared all to at tions, blots stifles free out agency, free

their country's behest. press and free speech, crushes out freeUnder our direction, you brethren dom of religion and conscience. Free

in the service have been requested to peoples cannot and do not survive unorganize Mutual Improvement groups der these systems. Free peoples the

in your camps, so that both your recworld over will view with horror the reational and spiritual needs may be establishment of either Communism or served. This you brethren may do Nazism as a worldwide system. Each

wherever you go. Let your organizasystem is fostered by those who deny

tions be set up after counseling tothe right and the ability of the common gether and by mutual consent. In your people to govern themselves. We progatherings you can, the proper Priestclaim that the common people have

hood officers officiating, administer the both this right and this ability.

sacrament. You, who hold the proper We renew our declaration that in764

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

The Message of the 99 ft &First Presidency "Arthur Gaeth (THE WEST'S OUSTANDING NEWS COMMENTATOR) ternational disputes can and should be settled peaceful means. This is the by

Is the of Lord.way

We call upon the statesmen of the world to assume their rightful control of the affairs of nations and to bringthis war to an end, honorable and just NOW HEARD to all. Animated and led by the spirit Exclusively

of Christ, they can do it. The weeping

mothers, the distraught and impoverOver ished wives, the fatherless children of the world, demand that this be done.

In this way only will enduring peace come; it will never be imposed by

armed force. Hatedriven militarists

and leaders, with murder in their hearts, will, if they go through to the end, bring merely another peace that will be but the beginning of another war. (Ogden and Salt Lake)

call the Saints the upon world We faith, 1430 on Your Dial toover constantly in pray to God nothing doubting, that He will bring

His purposes speedily to pass and reAND store peace again to the earth to bless THE

His children. ARTHUR GAETH

To the Officers and Members of the Church MUTUAL MERM01ITM(Mondays Through Fridays) 1TW0RK\X/e pour out our thanks to our v "Heavenly Father for the faithfulness and devotion of the great body of Mornings—7:00 a.m.the Church, without which the work Noon—12:30 p.m.

of languish. the would the Lord To Night—7:00 p.m. itfaithful deep members extend our & we

and sincere gratitude for their loyal support to their ward and stake officers and to the General Authorities of the

Church. Except for this also, the

growth and stability of the Church would suffer.

the faith of the Saints For as shown Come On, America!

in their of offerthe payment tithes and ings we thank the Lord. We renew

to promise, them the graphically so UJjcUl pronounced ancient IsJo nd. Bul to Malachi by

rael, that for their faithfulness the Lord will the open windows of Heaven and U)&, WbutL U/m. thsL U)cUl blessingspour out His them. upon

We are grateful likewise for the willing and effective response of the Total war all over the world can only be won if every

Plan. to thepeople Welfare We call man, woman and child in America give the fighting forces

officialattention the repeated to warnings which say that we face the urgent their support with all their might.

shortagelikelihood of a It will take the best efforts of us all to win—necessitiesthe of life. Wein pointmany outof

that the very purpose of the Welfare

Plan is to help the people in such cirthat they again urgecumstances. We Let's GO! out supportwholeheartedly and work

this plan in its full measure.

the of Priesthood the We thank NEW PARK MINING COMPANY activity for their increased andChurchdevotion. The carrying forward of KEETLEY—UTAH

the Lord's work rests upon their shoulders. We say to you brethren,

bearers of God's Holy Priesthood, duly calling highordained to your and holy holding the servants of His An ideal Christmas gift book whichby the Lord will be welcomed by the boys in theauthority thereto, be faithful to the (HtytB lag—

divine agency that has been bestowed service as well as the folk at home.

upon you, magnify your offices, seekfor the blessings of the Lord. Knb Aluraga (See page 717)

(Concluded on page 767).

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

SOLUTION TO OCTOBER PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—OldTime Occupations

"And because he was of the same craft, he abode with them, and wrought:

for by their occupation they were tentmakers."(Acts 18:3)

Kind Your

ACROSS 1 "I have cut off like a... my life"30 Judah's firstborn Gen. 38: 7

Isa. 38: 12 32 Greek letter

the not 6 "Hath... power over the gazines.. clay"9: 21 Rom. 36 33 ACountryworkman engaged in repairing the

11 A provider of food for Elijah temple 2 Chron. 24: 12

NOW is just the time to gather up 1213 A"Withmilk theproviderwork Gen.of an32:...15 in stone"4038 Printer'sIsland offmeasureScotland

42 11 Ex. 28:your 1942 Church publications and

15 Egyptian sun god 43 AInterestfamous scribe and priest have them bound into attractive, 16 Tantalum 45 Prefix signifying "not"

Size of shot proper 46 Feminine nameconvenient volumes. 18

... For 47 our banners"19 "we will set

20 Emperor 48 Deprive of horns

PRESERVE THIS PRICELESS 22 "up into the "Ezek. 13: 5 50 Part of a day

MATERIAL! 2325 RusticDealing out 5152 KingIrish who had gout 2 Chron. 16: 12

And the cost is small. Note these 2728 Vex"Behold, a. went forth to sow"5453 WorkerWorker mentionedon a ship Rev.in Ezek.18: 175: 1

prices: 29 A famous builder Matt. 24: 38

Improvement Era, per volume.$2.00 DOWN

Relief Society Magazine, per 1 "out of Zebulum they that handle the 22 Ruth was a... Ruth 2: 17

volume. 1.50 pen of the..."Judg. 5: 14 24 "... no man any thing"

2 Babylonian deity 26 Singing part

Instructor, per volume 1.50 3 Salutation 27 53 across worked on this

Children's Friend, per volume.. 2.00 45 PartOpeningof Great Britain 31 "and2 Kingscraftsmen24: 16and... a thousand"

6 Makes smooth 34 This was Andrew's occupation when

Bring them in, or mail them, 7 Presage Christ called him Mark 1: 16

8 Genus of mollusks 35 Peter tarried in Joppa "with one Simon

TODAY! 9 Thallium a..."Acts 9: 43

10 One of the workers mentioned in 37 Cavities (Anat.)

Christ's parable of the tares 39 This man was struck dead by "fire from 12 "Is not this the..., the son of Mary"the Lord"Lev. 10: 1, 2

I go and call to thee a..."41 "Shall 3

inlet Ex. 2: 7The Deseret lews Press 14 LongMarknarrow6:

29 Richards Street 15 "a...man ofnamedthe synagogue"Jairus, and he was a 4447 AssyrianLot stoppedkinghere2 KingsGen. 19:15: 2319

Salt Lake City, Utah 17 River of East Asia 49 Globe 21 Melchizedek "was the... of the most

high God"Gen. 14: 18 """

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1942

THE MESSAGE OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY (Concluded from page 765) to keep Thy commandments, and innot our frailties, nor withhold forgiveTo the auxiliaries we are grateful for crease these to us from day to day. Let ness for our transgressions, but grant

the work of each in the sphere asnothing be betwixt us and Thee at this us this, our prayer for the speedy fulsigned to it. You represent the First hour. And standing thus, our Heavenfilment of Thy purposes, that peace

Presidency in the labor assigned to ly Father, we beseech Thee speedily to may come, that the cries of a wailing you. Seek earnestly to carry out not work out Thy purposes in the earth. world may no longer afflict Thine ears,

only the letter but the spirit of the inBring quickly to those against whom and that Thy people may again go forstructions from time to time issued to Thy righteous anger has gone forth beward in their work of spreading Thy you; to do otherwise will bring trouble cause of their iniquity, a sense of their gospel and bringing salvation to the

and a lessening of the good you are sins and great guilt, and plant in their honest in heart.

counted upon to do. hearts a will to repent and hereafter to Bless the needy, the sick, the world

Again we thank the officers of stakes walk in Thy paths, guided only by Thy over; make easy the pains of the inand wards for their devoted service. commandments, that, Thy purposes acnocent and righteous ones who have

The Lord will give them manifold complished, peace, Thy peace and the been torn by war; comfort the mothers,

blessings for the great burdens they peace of man, may return to bless the the widows, the fatherless. Be mercicarry in His service. earth. ful to all who suffer in mind or body

Lastly we give to our brethren and Stay the hands, O Father, of the Deor spirit.

associates of the General Authorities, stroyer. Let him not further curse the For Thy boundless mercies to us we

our unstinted love and gratitude for world with the slaughter of Thy chilare humbly grateful. Lead us day by

their loyal devotion to the cause of the dren, nor pour out upon them a fuller day so to live as to be more worthy of

Lord, for the unfailing assistance they measure of the sore afflictions of faThy manifold blessings, without which give to the First Presidency in carrymine, plague, and pestilence. We know we should perish.

ing the great burdens of these troublous what Thou hast decreed against a Grant us these blessings, O Father, times, and for their faith and the rightsinning world, but we humbly bow at for we ask them humbly in the name eousness of their living. Thy throne and with our whole hearts of Thy Son, Jesus Christ. Amen.

Upon all we ask the Lord to bestow we pray Thee that, as seemeth to Thee

His choicest blessings. well, in Thy infinite knowledge and

We close with a prayer wisdom, Thou wilt abate Thy rightOur Heavenly Father: eous indignation, take away from the

In deep humility we Thy people, full measure of Thy punishments, hasIsrael of today, come to Thy throne ten the carrying out of Thy purposes, pleading for Thy grace and Thy mercy. shorten these days of world tribulation.Forgive what Thou hast seen amiss in We know how we, Thy children, ocigtf

us, overlook our waywardness, keep have erred, we know how we have not in mind our lightmindedness and failed to live the lives Thou hast marked our forgetfulness of our debt to Thee out for us, but at this time, O Father, for all we have and are, but hold in we humbly pray that Thou wilt close memory our desire to serve Thee and Thine eyes to our misdoings and recall The First Presidency.

r>J r>J rJYour Will in Wartime

In time of war the Walker Bank and Trust Company, acting as Executor or Trustee, enters a wider field of service and responsibility. Today, more than ever

before, estate management requires the watchful protection of a trained, experienced Executor.

The services of friends or relatives, who today are eager to help, tomorrow may not be available. They may be away on war duty or too busy with their own

multiplying problems, or they may be unfamiliar with such rapidlychanging problems as investments, accounting, taxes and other complex estate matters.

Details that require daily attention... problems that demand prompt action... are best left in the care of our

Trust Department, whose fulltime business is managing and conserving estates.

A confidential discussion with you and your attorney can be conveniently arranged by seeing our Trust Officer.

TRUST DEPARTMENT Walker Bank & Trust Company Serving Utah in Banking Since 1859 Resources More Than Forty Million Dollars

and QuFs MouTPaqe

PROFESSIONAL ADVICE

CORRECTION A grocer had difficulty with a doctor who was backward bills, in the in his the of matter put paying hands so a he it stated under of the September was 605 Era page collector. worried. looking returned man The ON is perennial. grass that Alpicture the Michel a

the the did grocer. the matter?"asked "What's "What the this belief of the growers has and though been some say?"doctor recent a of companies, comrepresentation seed some looking said collector, replied wasn't the so "he "Well,"agricultural of the representing conclusions munication

indoors to well, remain advised tongue and examined meI my in stations experiment Utah, and Idaho Colorado, would for weeks."a few

is to qualify indicate that grass not Michel conceded as a perennial. THE PRICE OF PEACE

Over the counter of the pawnshop a musician handed his

Dear Editor: Salt Lake City, Utah violin and said: "How much?"

dollars."replied: proprietor "Five The of the the story reading Grizzly Bear enjoyed certainly

ridiculous! the "That's neighbors offered me more Why, I in greatas Mr. Era, Graham was The Improvement my that!"grandfather. Buxton, a than Sarah Graham was J. My mother,

is still living of Mr. at the age granddaughter and Graham of HEARD AT CAMP

St., at in 2734 Edison There Salt Lake. 83. She lives

are also three other of his grandchildren living, one being 87. Draftee: "Can you lend me a dollar? I don't get paid

My mother confirms the story as being exactly true. until tomorrow."

Yours truly, Veteran: "Sorry, I haven't a cent. I was paid yesterday.

Mrs. L. Camp,

256 Leslie Ave., Salt Lake. RIGHT THE FIRST TIME

Snowflake, Arizona He was dug out of his wrecked car and carried to the docDear Editor: tor's office.

the doctor, for him,"can't said a veterianything "I'm do like to that the advocate be of Wisdom would Word surgeon."lived nary"I I in spirit in truth, placing should the emphasis where it and all to patient. the right,"replied a jackass "That's "I was

in to which obedience the commandments,"be "Walking on in think I could do fifty on those tires."

is final with simply, the analysis "Love the Lord thy God strength, all thy mind, might thy heart, and and neighbor as OPPORTUNIST It is that these thyself."repeat not enough commandments we

every Sunday, but what is important, do we live as we profess, "Jones seems to be a successful man. I suppose he made

or do we give mere lip service? hay while the sun shone."

How are we going to change the current opinion that living "Not only that, but he made it from the grass that other the Word of Wisdom consists only of abstaining from tea, people let grow under their feet."

coffee, tobacco, and alcohol?

live teachings"and the "positive to according [We must] Dr. WHAT'S THE LATER REPORT? attitude"particularly "correct the mental as advocated by

Widtsoe. Mrs. Jones: "How's your, son getting along in the Army,

Is it not time that we were placing the emphasis where it Mrs. Srnith?'

really belongs: first charity, which is the "pure love of God"Mrs. Smith: "What do you think? They've promoted Herand which comes only after a man has been cast out of the bert for hitting a sergeant. They've made him a court martial."

garden for partaking of the forbidden fruit, that his eyes might be opened, and has been "tempted in all things"; then, through BE FRANK

overcoming, he is brought back into the presence of God.

Sincerely yours, Bride: "I have a confession to make, dear; I can't cook."

Bessie B. Decker Groom: "Don't let that worry you. I write poetry for a

$ living. There won't be anything to cook."

Adams, New York SIMPLY PREPOSTHUMOUS

AM writing with perhaps a score or more of Era's on my

I knees. It is a wonderful thing to me to be, through The A man met another he hadn't seen for a long time. The

Improvement Era, in such close contact with such a vast movestranger said: "Hullo, I thought you were dead."

ment. It enables my family to keep in contact with all auxili- "Why?"(

aries and their present work, even though we are isolated. For "Well, I've heard quite a few people saying nice things

this I am profoundly grateful. It moves me to drop a word of about you."

praise your and to you associates in the work you are doing. HOT ON THE TRAIL bless always. you God May

Very truly yours, "What is an undertaker?"

A. G. Peterson "An undertaker is a man who follows the medical profession."

Greetings: South Gate, California TASTE TELLS

full tradition the well stimutoward of your Church KNOWING wife: "I beautiful got a Young from parchment diploma

lants, that offers the present unusual I say opportunity may college the today, cooking this for and I've cooked you. Now

fight, to stress particularly liquor. against tobacco your and it is?"guess what

in the manufacture, and employed of men The release women Husband (with a slab of omelet between his teeth): "The

sale distribution, of these and two items would go far in the diploma."

direction of speeding up defense work; to say nothing of the

efficiency greater and morale of the people who refrained from HIGHER EDUCATION of these destructive poisons. the use

A stiffer tax on these nonessentials would also be in line. A young girl had been promoted to the third grade. Meeting

Yours truly, her former second grade teacher, whom she liked very much, she

R. E. Brewer said, "Gee, I wish you were smart enough to teach me this year."

*vj

"i'V"

v

lilt SALT LAKE CITY % %|S> 50,000 WATTS

*\ iv'U. S. POSTAGE

2c PAID Salt Lake City, Utah Permit No. 325

I N I N. G.. H.;,,

The farreaching rays of victorious liberty must reach the peoples of every nation in every part of the world,..-:.v.-:[ kK, -:-:'vk< -::i\:h.'-.-. k;ir- '.'>:/::.

have long enjoyed. Nothing less than complete, untof7vjth.sd vicrc!-: -.-.- vi;-'—-.!;-.-r-.--y:.-,--,:.:

:.::.;::? 's| want and tear.

And nothing less than the best in life Insuranc will do for the protection of your family. Remember,

too, that life insurance is one of your best means of saving during this period of high earnings. Start today and enjoy the manifold advantages of BENEFICIAL Life Insurance!

A llillM! ill

Salt Lake Ciy. Utah

llTjl

ill!

M0g0f-:-i

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

SALT UTA H