7>HmprouementEra

** "'.>

*1 #;>C::

Up.; * il** *

".;:

AUGUST, 1946 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

|0!%g

;.........

WANTED: JOBS AS

KITCHEN HELPERS

IN YOUR HOME

-The Gas Flame Quints

No wonder so many homes use GAS for cooking! The

lively blue flame that you can SEE gives INSTANT heat. Ovenheat and Timeclock controls AUTOMATICALLY assure perfect results with any tested recipe.

The kitchen stays COOL, TNfWfSTPf*'thanks to oveninsulation. not increased. * Quick, clean gas cooking;

And that smokeless gassilent gas refrigeration; economical gas hot

flame BROILER. ". water service... all three for US. And if

M'rm'm, what juicy, tenYOU want a really MODERN home, you'll der steaks and chops! insist on GAS equipment, too!

. cu*n V MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Serving Twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Investigations during the past five

A years by Drs. B. L. Richards and

A. S. Rhoades show that the troubles

most responsible for serious damage to stone fruit orchards in Utah are virus in nature.

"Decause the ancient Romans built aqueducts, it is often supposed that they did not know the principle of the inverted siphon. Actually, they knew

the principle, but the difficulty was in constructing large diameter pipes. At

Pergamon, an aqueduct dating from crossesabout valleys B.C. 200 two on GRHHHMS/, purity sixty feetarches the general below

water level on the ends.

JAPANESE beetle traps, painted yellow, capture fifty to eighty percent more m PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY, beetles than the green and white traps * P. O. Box 1016, Salt Lake City 10, Utah |

previously used.which were commonly

color is better than any Please rush my FREE copy of "Cartoon Cookery."|The yellow

other color tested by United States enName tomologists. m Address

* City State..... *

T17oodruff observed the onecelled "* animal called Paramecium for more than 8500 generations without discovering that any two paramecia united to exchange nuclear cell material.

addition of twohundredthsTThe of THIS percent of ascorbic acid, D-iso one related to Vitamin C, will prevent the oxidation of the valuable Vitamin C in canned fruit juices.

A new ironcontaining protein, fer- * ritin, has been isolated from the body by Dr. Leonor Michaelis and F.

Granick of the Rockefeller Institute. v, (at an oW

Explaining some of the mystery as to the location of nonblood iron in the body, ferritin is found particularly in the liver, spleen, and bone marrow.

HPhe North: Sea, in normal times, gives

a yield of about fifteen pounds per A*d./{ teaspoons'"*

acre of fish to the fisherman, compared to seventythree pounds of meat from an acre of cultivated land, and one hundred pounds from a wellmanaged fish %&*%& pond. Experiments have shown that by Durkee's Genuine

fertilizing with nitrates and phosphates Mayonnaise gives fishin areas, the the rate of growth of salads,sandwiches, fish the supported can be and number whites and serve oo cold vegetables Sgreatly increased.

new zest and taste appeal. with Made

Gloucester, thousand GENUINE blri5scsgVaise.Surkel'sGenuxaeMay Massa-"Plight

.. fresh eggs MAYONNAISE chusetts, lost have seamen been Serves 6.—extra. extra smooth,since their small boats 1830 being by

swept out of sight of the fishing schooncreamy, extra ers. tempting.

AUGUST 1946

Jke Lstover mVUant This inviting scene By Berneice depicting the beauBunn Christman ty and invitation of has outof-doors the the feel of autumn in THErelentlessregardlessway andof in the the air. Taken things

picture the Tetons, tie a man forre- AUGUST, 1946 VOLUME 49, NO. 8 May

veals the rugged fresh- "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"ever to the earth;

ness of the Rocky And yet one stranded

Improvement Priesthood Official Mutual of the Quorums, Organ apwhich Mountains midnight hour of Education, Music Committee, Associations, Ward Department to those peals so much rebirth, bring may

Christ of of Jesus the Church Agencies Teachers, Other and it they that see of Till in who him round return again and again Latterday Saints the darkness, sito partake of its virgin lence sings.

beauty. The photograph is by Josef Forever then, he is

Muench, adapted for a patient, waiting cover use by Charles Jhe Cditor 5 J-aae soul

Jacobsen. That fed itself

On Searching for Family Records.. George Albert Smith 491 throughand looked famineup,

Hungry and weak and happy from its litLflUfck *jreatured tle hole,

Seeing but God Arutv the sky's within Plain Talk to Girls J* Reuben Clark, Jr, 492

By Thelma Ireland New"Ye ShallToolsNotfor MXA*Fear"HowardHelena S*W.BennionLarson 502503 I dabluenot cup.need silver,

inin Fortyfive Prepared Mission Parenthood....An Year A society, or shoes woods should 504 Broadbent with terview and A, David THE things give Oh, my me reported, be of soul Reconciliations: Manner can needy Evidences and MimaCVII—WhatMurdock be government The usel 513 Smith? Widtsoe John A, Joseph Boy Was told,

The criminal be punThe Church Moves On 510 Ward Teaching 527 ished Priesthood: Melchizedek 524 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column....525

The trees are hoarding Aaronic 526 Genealogy 491, 528, 544 Change of Address:

gold. Fifteen days'notice reSpecial creatures quireddress. forWhenchangeorderingof ad-a

change, please include stencil impression o from 494 Leader of Youth Oscar A. Kirkham—A

issue Editors of the recent maga495 S. Dilworth Young Scouts Go Camping When zine. Address changes Albert Smith George 496 Ashton Marvin 0 Lobster Don't a Be unless cannot be made Widtsoe John A. Porter 497 Elizabeth C. Zion Transcendent the old well address as as

Managing Editor Cruising on Great Salt Lake Thomas J, Holland 498 the new one is included.

L. Evans 506 Temple Square.—Richard Spoken Word from Richard L. Evans The and Editorial 508 Executive Glenn P Holman Worshiped Our Soldiers Where

Offices: Associate Editor Exploring the Universe, Frank- "This Is the Place,"Doris D. 50 North Main Street,

Marba C. Josephson lin S. Harris, Jr 481 White 488 Salt Lake City I, Utah.

DurTimes, G. These Homer Boy, American Typical A General Manager 1946 by Mu490 Copyright ham McAllister 483 K. Donnette Inc., tual Funds, a Corfor Actor an Homing: Q. Morris George An

Hour, Story, War Prisoners—Our

Associate Manager 484 Food HigherJ. C. BakerNow Than in 516 porationMen's Mutualof theImproveYoung M. Brooks Raymond

Association the of ment 517 1919 Cannon Lucy G. Establish Winter Emigrants Christ of of Jesus Church B. Corner, Cook's Josephine

in at Fort Pueblo Quarters All Saints. Latterday 1 5 Nichols Business Manager L. Zobell, 1846, Albert Jr.....485 rights reserved. SubscripBonds, Buying George AlOn Giles D. John tion price, year, $2.00 a 521 bert Smith Student? or Harold Teacher

Editorial Associates Lundstrom 486 Your Page and Ours 544 copy.in advance; 20c single

J. Moffitt Elizabeth Entered at Post the

Zobell, Albert L City, Salt Lake

Lundstrom Harold Jr. (L*diLonali Office,Utah, as secondclass

On Living Away from Home Richard L Evans 512 matter. Acceptance for

National Advertising Reverence in Our Houses of Worship..Marba C. Josephson 512 postagemailing atprovidedspecial ratefor ofin Representatives

Francis M. Mayo, section 1 1 03, Act of OcSalt Lake City tober, 1917, authorized

July 2, 1918. Edward S. Townsend, toriei,:one5, ioeimJoeh

San Francisco and Sanctuary Elizabeth LeCount 500 is Thenot responsibleImprovementfor unEra Los Angeles solicited manuscripts, but Frontispiece Farmer Ireland 482 Autumn, Thelma A Bolle, and Dougan contributions. welcomes 489 Speaks, Romolo Gene and Chicago B. ChristBerneice Want, My 497 Parker Gold, Nore Le J. New York All manuscripts must be 482 man 509 Poetry Page suffiby accompanied

Bureau of Audit Madeline Study, Member, Cora Brown.483 S. Dustin Attuned, Edna for delivery cient postage

Circulations 518 Igou return. and

Solveig P. Trees, RusMaple Miranda Journey, Day's A

Snow Walton - 486 sell 530 482 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

A SAN FRANCISCO TYPICAL 94mencan McALLISTER By DONNETTE K. &t

ter W. Nelson, principal of the Scarsis concerning a a story "Morselected dale several School, boys High There

like to I should which boy mon"class, the senior from and each boy was tell, but first, as a background, I appraised privately by the state departfeel that you should know something ment officials and Mr. Nelson, as to his

about the place in which he lives. habits, hobbies, school activities and

Scarsdale is a beautiful village of future outlook. Isaac Mitten Stewart,

13,000 people, twentyfive miles north Jr., a "Mormon"boy, was chosen!

of New York City. It consists of me- "Ike"has a gracious, pleasing persondium and large homes surrounded by ality, is a good sport, and is good in his

cool green lawns, stately old trees, and studies. His hobbies are track, football,

formal flower gardens. The shopping basketball, swimming, riding, and golf.

section is built around the commuters'Every summer he works on a ranch in railroad station, and the buildings are a Utah where he learns to understand combination of stone and brick of picnature. The grandeur of the mountains

turesque English architecture, In the and the earth has persuaded him to basement of the professional building is study agriculture. He plans to enter

a youth center called "The Hangar,"Cornell Agricultural College in the fall.

which is open to the members of the "Ike"is the eldest of four children, two senior high school. It has bowling alboys and two girls, and he has definite

leys, ping pong tables, dance floor with responsibilities to perform in his home.

a juke box, and soft drink fountain. He is an active and dependable Church

Robert Smith Jordan, another "Morworker (he was asked about this in his mon"boy is president of this center. interview) and he holds the office of

(There are only four "Mormons"in priest.

high school.) the Pictures of "Ike"were taken in his Fleishhacker people The activities, of Scarsdale are very classes, in extracurricular

community conscious. The village is participating in various social functions, Zoo

governed by a town board and a mayor, and in his home. This took several days Over 900

elected by the people, and they serve and nothing was omitted which might animals to without salary. Our schools are the be of interest in a boy's life. They also thrill you

finest. There are not more than twentytook pictures of his family to show the

five children to a class, and our teachers type of home which would produce the receive the next to the highest salaries "typical American boy."

paid anywhere in the United States.

his family, in boy, This their home, our all meet at Eve we On Christmas all are active Saints, Latterday and tree Christmas community mammoth and sing carols, accompanied by the the pictorial, when presented throughhigh school band. On Memorial Day out Germany, will tell a truly American

the drilling twelve of our we all witness story and a moral one as well. 45> Titeot Girl Scouts, and on hundred Boy and

the Fourth of July we have our own spectacular fireworks. For these three ATTUNED events our village turns out en masse. By Edna S. Dustin WESTIIR

The state department of the United States launched a plan for reeducat- WITH lofty arrogance the moon sails PACIFIC ing the German youth. The Interim high

International Information Service, in In the deep blue, of the cloudless sky. Once again Western

little Below, a occupacooperation with the American its is featuring arms spread With church,outward—headstrees broodingbowedthere Pacific

is certain authorities, securing tion in prayer. low traditional advantages

types of material to be presented to the boys and girls of Germany which will All night;nature slumbers through the mystic of courtesy, service,

give direct and accurate information on The breeze is breathless, hushed by the scenery. Go West..

other school education and secondary lingering light.. creeping softly WESTERN PACIFIC Of golden moonbeams withactivities as conducted, they are

out regimentation, in America. through the Short Route to San

To illustrate this, they wished to find Symbolic windows made of rose and blue. Francisco... the magic

and, boy, a typical American with picThe slanting fingers find their way with city where it's COOL, ease tures throughout story, follow him and his entire daily activities. To shadowed altar, silent organ keys; and a warm welcome

The state department chose ScarsThereWhile sweetermust be stillangelto breakvoicesthechantingsilence near.here, awaits you.

dale, as the community in which to find for information call I like be, with these Alone too to would Eisenrath,that B. boy, and David

R. H. General COULAM, Agent In inspiring tune majesty. with His Katherine photographer, andJr., S. St., Salt City, 48 Main Lake silent the Utah thus beauty repays With Lord

writer,Sullivan, sent to prepare were Telephone soul 4-6551 here pauses and Each weary who the material for the pictorial. Lesprays.

AUGU5T 1946 "483

WAR PRISONER8CL. SL

By LT. M. is BROOKS the over, but RAYMOND war is

phrase a stock Thenot. shootingThat is known Relations Public Prisoner Officer for

the world over, but it bears repeatof War Exposition ing. It must be repeated day after day

until the hungry, impoverished millions in Europe and Asia are fed and clothed again; until the world's schools and

churches are rebuilt; until the veterans

of all armies are again housed and employed in a peacetime atmosphere. In

other words, we cannot afford to forget the miseries and sacrifices of war.

One of the most influential exponents of the "Don't Forget"campaign is the "Prisonerof-War Exposition"now touring the country. It is sponsored

jointly by the Y.M.C.A. and the army

air forces, and is headed by one of the leading air force men in the nation,

Colonel C. Ross Greening. Seven fliers,

all men who from "up where the shooting was"later became prisoners of the German Stalags, accompany Colonel Greening in the display of this exhibit of the P.O.W.'s life behind

VIOLIN MADE FROM BED SLATS WfTH KNIFE, barbed wire. RAZOR BLADE, AND BROKEN CLASS

Much has been told of the hardships and privations suffered by American the P.O.W. activities were carried on

prisoners of war, but the world knows despite cold and drafty barracks, hunall too little of how the average prisonger, the annoyances of fleas and lice, er, with typical Yankee ingenuity, stern regulations, and in many cases daily achieved small miracles to ease the pitifully inadequate supplies. That

unfortunate lot of himself and his comYankees established little Americas in rades. In this story we find new apNazi Germany in the face of these obpreciation of the fortitude of America's stacles says more than anyone can of

fighting men and at the same time intheir bright hope and courage. The

spiration to do all in our power to spirit that cut the chain from a shackled work toward that day when men will world could not be fettered even benever again hold other men as prisonhind barbed wire.

ers. {Concluded on page 529)

It should be remembered that all of

PABCO COOKING UTENSILS FASHIONED BY P.O.W.

SASH AND TRIM PAINT WAIT no longer to touch up your home! Pabco Sash and Trim

Paint is home from the wars—

ready to bring you new, brilliant, longwearing accents of color This is the famous quality paint that brushes on so easily... dries

hard and smooth, without brushmarks...and provides greatest

protection against summer sun and winter cold! Paint up now

with Pabco Sash and Trim Paint... at leading paint, lumber, hardware, and department stores

1 ES E PARAFFI TH JC&M PAN Nl 1? FRAKJGfisCiQ "-SAN XvI NG%.:

also; V/etrPatch,; Makers, of.Pabco Black,Hydroseal

and Pabcbweb, Alu'miShield RboflTig; Pabco Paint,./

Linoleums, Pabco'MdsfjpaVe Heav.y-Doty Flooring, s

484 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WINTER QUARTERS

in /ort fuebio in /846

By Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

littleheralded group of Saints under the leadership of William

Brig-A Crosby were instructed by ham Young to leave their Monroe

County, Mississippi, homes and to join with the companies from Nauvoo at a rendezvous in the Indian country.

Accordingly, fourteen families started on April 8, 1846. May 26 found them

in Independence, Missouri, where they heard rumors that exgovernor Boggs had started for California but had been intercepted by the Mormons and that the Mormons had killed and robbed several companies of emigrants. The

Independence townsfolk tried to persuade the Crosby company not to go out on the plains because of the Mormenace, but the company said theymon "VES, this is a lucky year for babies who are growing strong and unafraid.were

The group was joined at Independsturdy on their feedings of Sego Milk. They have something

ence by some Saints from Perry Counbabies never had before... something that only Sego Milk babies

Illinois, Oregonboundty, and some... evaporated milk with pure crystalline vitamin D. theemigrants. company of are getting now When

twentyfive wagons was well out into For years, Sego Milk has contained extra amounts of the vitathe Indian country, the newfound that babies and growing children need for developing soundOregon friends discovered that they min D were among Mormons and didn't know teeth and bones, and for excellent overall growth. But never before

what to do. Going on ahead, they left has this vitamin been available in milk in pure crystalline form.

the company, but the next day the Mormons passed them. Fearing that they This new pure form of vitamin D, now in Sego Milk and in

were not strong enough to travel on no other brand, is so pure that twomillionths of a teaspoonful is as alone, the emigrants asked for admission into the company again that night. effective in vitamin D benefits as a teaspoonful of codliver oil.

In the days that followed, the proceNow, when you give your baby Sego Milk, you can be sure he dure of striking out for themselves, only to repent and ask for admission to the is getting all of the benefits of milk that is uniformly rich, milk company, was often repeated. At the that is easy to digest... plus the crystalpure form of the very same

Platte River the emigrants found six

Oregonbound men who had traveled vitamin that the bright sun provides when it can shine directly on the trail alone, and decided to join them baby's skin.

in the journey.

The MississippiIllinois Saints were Ask your doctor about this new vitamin D Sego Milk. And

greatly disappointed on reaching the when you buy evaporated milk for your baby or for family use,

Platte. Here they had expected to join remember that Sego Milk is the only brand with pure crystallinethe Camps of Israel or to pick up their

trail. They could discover nothing of vitamin D.

the Nauvoo companies'whereabouts, but supposing they had gone up the This seal guarantees that all statements made here have been north side of the river, the group con- J AMERICAN?MEDICAl accepted by the Council on Foods and Nutrition, American

tinued westward. At Fort Laramie they Medical Association.

received the inaccurate information that a Mormon group was traveling up the This seal certifies that the Wisconsin Alumni Research FoundaArkansas River on its way to the mountion makes periodic tests to determine that Sego Milk diluted tains. They turned south and traveled

to Fort Pueblo where they arrived with an equal amount of water always gives you 400 units of

August 7. Here they could learn nothing vitamin D per quart.

concerning the whereabouts of any

Mormons. They decided to remain unSEGO MILK PRODUCTS COMPANY. First to bring evaporated

til they could hear something satisfacmilk to the intermountain west... First to bring you evaporated

{Concluded on page 505) milk with pure crystalline vitamin D

AUGUST 1946 485 TEACHER or STUDENT? J2&2S& MiAT

By Harold Lundsttom 7T n estimate from Washington, D.C.,

FLAVORSEAL /-\ states that there will be as many * * as three and a half million serviceschooling. Under the amended provimen of the total thirteen million who sions of the Servicemen's Readjustment

will want some kind of education under Act of December 28, 1945, it is proPublic Laws 16 and 346, the Rehabilitavided:

tion Act. At least one million of these

not initiated shall course be such That to going million are three and a half either date the after later four than years estimate education, the want fulltime the termination of his discharge or the of reports. By using even the same low present war, whichever is the later: Proratio, it would appear that of the hunvided further, That no such education or

dred thousand members of the Church training shall be afforded beyond nine years who served in the armed forces, at after the termination of the present war.

least twentyseven thousand will want some additional schooling, and seven Not considering the paramount reason of renderthousand six hundred will want to atfor going on a mission—that tend school full time. Because the meming service in the Lord's work—it

bership of the Church is noted for its seems reasonable to assume that in two high educational achievements and acor three years probably more benefits complishments, undoubtedly this ratio will be afforded in education: the

and these estimated figures are too quality of theeducational program to the bettered should be by the return# Treat your dinner table to frozen small. instructors of many competent Among the problems of these twentycampus

meats that are as fresh in flavor and seven thousand is the one of deciding and professors who were drawn away appearance as when they went into whether to go back to school or to fill during the war by higher salaries of the research specialized for its government mission. case has among Each your freezer! a the curreasons; and work and other variable factors to be considered those

of age, health, financial background, rent desperate plight for educational facilities should be greatly imMoisture -vaporproof LOCKERAP schooling already attained, family relocks in flavor by protecting the nasponsibilities, and heart interests. proved. There is the personal equation,

too, that the individual will be better There probably mishave been few tural juices of the fresh meat, as it fitted for schooling. The joy of mission sionaries in the history the of Church

seals against tasterobbing subzero air. from the time the first missionaries went work will, in a measure at least, erase

forth, down to the present time, who some of the memories of warfare, attitude mantoward and a wholesome this forDesigned purpose, one the not considered have the weighed and it if will has reachieved kind been have opportunities afforded performing from roll homesizehandy of LOCKERAP lost. serious of in years part been Two a or mission from remaining at home

is grocer's available sufficient will to time at your reflection or lockgive pursuing other endeavor. some The

to, at arrive the best answers "What erplant now! is It problem not one. a has connew

I I and, to do?"do want "What am fronted thousands.

best?"of doing capable Certainly not both mission a why

is a thrilling experience A mission continued schooling? and problem The

few. to too opportunity comes which

is really one of deciding which is waiting to hear and world needs should The first: discharging responsibilithe come

ty placed on the Church of preaching the gospel. Many, many of the great

have Church and good men of the the gospel—"This is the of the word

trades, schooling, degrees, achieved faithful unto... a// the Lord elders of

the professions, with added even all into the world, and ye my church—Go after families, responsibilities having of the preach to gospel creature"every "... missions. seek honorable served (D. 68:7, building or 8) a program & C.

his of and the kingdom God, ye first specifically for personal development.

It has been reiterated countless times righteousness."(Matthew 6:33.)

that peace will never be attained until men have peace in their hearts. And A DAY'S JOURNEY

peace is the burden of the gospel of

Christ. Through the tragic and stark By Miranda Snow Walton

realities silver, brought about is given war, by the dew, opal are men TO Amethyst,the dawn and seeking for grasping and fundarich promise; the day's if concepts. mental is ever, the Heralding Now,

life is new.) (So it is when time that the nations of the will earth

listen to the testimonies of the elders To the noon belongs the turquoise, skies, sublime, warmth and Azure Israel. of stricken The a Church owes

toiling; for the courage Giving another world the opportunity to hear prime.) in manhood's (So it is

glorious message of the gospel.

No benefits of the Rehabilitation ForBut theto itsettingis givensungoldis fairest,

Act will be lost to the man who goes A recompense for life's long labor;

on a mission before continuing his (So it is when we are old.)

486 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DOCTRINAL AND HISTORICAL BOOKS OF SPECIAL INTEREST IN M. LA. STUDIES

THE RESTORED CHURCH JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET

By William Edwin Berrett $-50 By Preston Nibley $3,00

BRIGHAM YOUNG, THE MAN A NEW WITNESS FOR CHRIST

AND HIS WORK By Preston Nibley,$*.OUr n IN AMERICA By Francis W. Kirkham $1.75

A SHORT HISTORY OF THE CHURCH COMPREHENSIVE HISTORY

JESUS CHRIST OF OF OF THE CHURCH (6 Vols.) By B. H. Roberts $25.00 75c LATTERDAY SAINTS

M.I.A. CHURCH READING

PROJECT FOR 194647 FOR ALL LATTERDAY SAINTS

The Story of the Savior's Ministry in America Third Nephi From the Book of Nephi, Book of Mormon 25c aCpy

The above titles sold only by Deseret Book Company. Use this advertisement

as your order blank. Fill in the coupon below and mail to us.

CO. DESERET BOOK The Book Center of the Intermountain West

44 East South Temple St. P.O. Box 958 Salt Lake City 10

Enclosed is $ Send copies of the titles as checked.

Name Address

AUGUST 1946 487 a

ON

All< iL PL tSl tCl good By DORIS DALBY WHITE

fear lived constant again the of lives the Indians. Their might Thetowardwomanthe startedfront slowlywagons.to walkThe attackShe by

whole company had stopped and be snuffed out at any moment. Any

no one had spoken. It was a moment moment they might be called upon to

of expectancy. It was as if they were die—away from their homeland and

waiting for something. President Brigloved ones left behind—before they

ham Young had risen slowly and feebly reached their final destination.

from his wagon bed. His eyes were far What had made her go on and on?

away and searching as he beheld the What strange power had taken hold scene before him. Who knows what of her? It was only one thing—a transthoughts were passing through his cendent faith—a faith in what she bemind? Who knows what feelings he lieved—a faith in the future.

had at that moment? Who knows what The huge valley lay before her—the

strange inspiration prompted him to task to subdue it an ominous thing, and utter those unforgettable words, "This yet, too, it was a promising haven—

is the place"? place where at last they might find

The woman looked straight ahead peace. For a long time she stood and

Tang bru>s 1 and saw the valley—a valley bleak and looked.

loneliness great a At first, Y< bare. surged TThe woman turned and walked back her. up within disappointprofound A

ment overswept her. This was "jourto her wagon. Well, if this was

ney's end."This great, lonely valley the place, then on she must go. Somewas the place they would call home. how she knew that there were even yet

tears that would be shed, hardships j**"'v> *llyHllli Behind her lay a trail of heartaches. that would be endured, obstacles that

silent million fallen tears over had just overcome. have to be But would vijiitSSwW? 1 A

trail. times an she unknown had At endless those as she had walked weary

been so tired she could hardly put one miles with some great faith overcoming aching foot before the other. Homeall else, so would she undertake this

sickness had made every step a wearigreat new task of making a home from some thing. This was the land of her a wilderness.

adoption.ocean—in Heranotherhomeworld,was farit seemedacross theto so Howlong couldago thatshe knowover onthatthatveryhot trailday

her. Her heart ached for the green where her lonely tears had fallen there

countryside she where had such known railroad be a huge mighty and would;:>:; DRESSING a regay childhood. happy and She SALADS,;e link the east ocean which would with HEATS.SANDWICHES COLD tOHfoODS, APPETIZMs* the sparkling streams, membered the

**)*"\, **. the ocean! see in west she that Did Corn wlrn>w(t*nt. *f*rt*4Pme*ti **d flrtpUj, clean that nestled farm comforthome beautiful of valley city sagebrush a NAiLEYS against ably a hill. the thought of She trees, flowers, green with lovely and

folks back home as the hot sun beat homes? Did she visualize a majestic

(NALLEYS: down upon her head. temple whose spires reach forever to

JT S GOOP, During that long, weary trek across the skies like high and lofty ideals the plains it seemed that everything which no creed has ever surpassed?

had fought against her progress. Gaunt The woman started down the moun-

j/J hunger had walked at her side. Cold tainside. A new brave hope was born

winds had cut her body and pierced in her heart that day. What she was

her heart. Snow and rain had lashed to accomplish was not to be done with

her face. She lived again that wretchedgold or worldly wealth—for she had

ly cold night her baby boy was born. One none. But who can measure the wealth

thin, pitiful cry—and that was all. She of courage, the wealth of ideals, the

had given him one tender mother kiss wealth of faith in God?

on his little blue lips, even as his life And so ended that woman's trail into was slipping away from him. His tiny the valley—a trail that is being worn

form was cold when they took him deeper and deeper as more and more from her arms. Somewhere out there people seek this land—this blessed land

a tiny grave was of long ago, once, so was her—there ours—which74e 'Penect Salad *DneA4iKf backunmarked,of unknown, but part of her is with these hallowed words, "This

very heart was buried there. the place."

488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA::::;::'::.'.':':':'.:':.,.:-....:

'Photograph by Jack Cannon

Y roots run deep into the heart of this land

That was tilled by my father's and his father's hand. Though I must arise while the dawn is still gray A FARMER And often begin my work of the day

With sleepmisted eyes, I would not barter my lot for a king's, When spring is in flower and a bright welkin flings SPEAKS

Its glow on my fields, To wake sleeping seeds beneath blankets of earth,

And bring to each one—through growth—a rebirth.

When sunmellowed wheat has been gathered in sheaves,

When boughs in my orchard, with ambertinged leaves

Have with fruitage fulfilled the promise of spring;

When my corn has been husked and like nuggets of gold

Is heaped into bins till the bins cannot hold

One kernel more; gratitude for the soil,

And its bounteous recompense for my toil,

Bring thanks to the Lord for the gift of the land,

And thanks for the toil and the rest that comes after,

When I sit by my hearth enjoying the laughter

Of my family and friends, at the end of the day,

Who are whiling a comradely hour away.

My heart always wells with infinite pity

For those who must dwell in a manbuilded city,

Who never have listened at spring of the year

By To a wild bird warble its message of cheer

GENE ROMOLO NorIn symmetricalfollowed a plowfurrowsto sculpturenor watchedthe earththe rebirth

Of life from the bounty of sunmatured seedLife to appease a world's hungering need.

AUGUST 1946 489 J JimsiA.

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

Director of the Institute of Government,

University of Utah

T3ernard Baruch, American represcntative to the United Nations

Atomic Energy Commission, proposed on June 14, 1946, that atomic energy be controlled permanently by a world authority. The plan provides that the

United States of America destroy its atomic weapons following the establishment of the proper controls. An important condition is that the authority

have complete power to inspect and investigate thoroughly all resourcedevelopments of fissionable materials throughout the world. No veto power

on such questions is to be left in the hands of any one nation.

... cvtuv A few days later, June 19, 1946, Mr.

Andrei Gromyko, representative of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Security Council, proposed that the United States of America destroy its atomic might in return for an "ironclad"treaty outlawing future use and manufacture of atomic weapons. Under this

proposal, each of the Big Five would retain veto powers over all problems as currently recognized.

s the ever to have only power we are A married woman's life can't always be 'a bowl of cherries.'A understandatomic used an bomb,

But it needn't be just a tub of dirty clothes. ably, from the U.S.S.R. point of view,

there is some merit in their proposal.

The upto-date housekeeper tries to find a happy medium As it also includes the idea of sharing between work and play. And on washday, her happy technological knowhow, it represents a

typical reaction. The Baruch proposal,

medium is apt to be FelsNaptha Soap. however, while perhaps not the final

To the safe and thorough cleansing assured by good, Americanas the soundestposition,plan recommendsthus far advanced.itself

mild soap, FelsNaptha adds the faster, dirtloosening 4 '"Phe Soviet proposal is unsatisfactory action of gentle naptha. This laborsaving because it is merely the oldstyle

team can bring relief from the long, tiring "disarmament treaty"in new form.

hours of ordinary washdays. calledIt has alldisarmamentthe disadvantagesmethod ofandthe thesoWhy don't you do your wash the treatyno effectivesystem. meansSuch aforsystemenforcementaffords

easier, quicker FelsNaptha way? short of war. This has been demonRemember—all work and no strated,again duringrealistically,the past overthree andcenturies.over

play makes Jill a dull 4 companion, too. Atomic energy developments for

- peaceful industrial usages, envisioned under the Soviet scheme, would carry no other guarantee than that of national selfinterest on the part of each great power. This is far too slender a reed to lean conunder any uponFelsNapfha Soap

ditions, the let alone atomic Peaceage.

BAN/SHES TATTLETALE GRAY (Concluded on page 520) 490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ON SEARCHING FOR jramlw Kecovdd By PRESIDENT i GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

Chicago a number of years ago, during the ous what has been accomplished, and what an

INCentury of Progress Exposition, I went into education it is to so many people. Now, I underour Church booth one day and inquired of stand that you are a busy man, and that is all I

the missionaries as to who had charge of that wanted to come and say, and to congratulate great cultural and scientific fair. you and thank you."

They told me the man's name was Dawes, and * "Thattt is very considerate,"he said. "Come

I asked, "Is he the brother of Charles G. Dawes, in.

who was vice president of the United States and "No, that is all I came to say,"I replied.

also ambassador to Great Britain?"He said, "Come right in."

And they answered, "Yes."I said, "No, there are a hundred people wait-

"Well,"I said, "I am delighted to know that. ing to see you."

I happen to know him.""None of them will say anything as nice as

I said to myself, "I think I will go and call on what you have said,"him. He will be Henry Dawes."I knew Henry So I went in, out of ideas and out of breath,

Dawes, so I went to the telephone and called his almost. He insisted on my sitting down, and the

office. His secretary answered and I inquired, next thing I said was: "By the way, Mr. Dawes,

"Is Mr. Dawes there?"where do your people come from?"

She said, "Yes, sir.""Do you mean in America?"he asked.

"May I come over and see him?"I said. "I mean anywhere."

She said, "There are already a hundred people He said, "Are you interested in genealogy?"

ahead of you, and they all want a job.""I certainly am,"I answered. "We have one

I smiled to myself, and said, "Well that may of the finest genealogical libraries in Salt Lake be true, but I am probably the one man he would City."

like to see, because I have a job."He said, "Excuse me just a moment,"and

"Do you know him?"walked out of his office and came back with a

"Yes,"I said, "I am from Salt Lake City. I carton about the size of an old family Bible. He

just want to pay my respects."took his knife, opened the carton, and took out

She said, "Just wait a minute."a package wrapped in white tissue paper. He

took the tissue paper ofF and put on the table one

She told Mr. Dawes that George Albert Smith of the most beautifully bound books I have ever

of Salt Lake City was there and wanted to meet seen. It was well printed and profusely illushim, and he told her to have me come over. So, trated, and the cover was elegantly embossed

instead of running me behind a hundred people with gold.

to wait my turn, she took me to a side door, and

I looked it over, I said, "Mr. Dawes, that there stood before me a tall man whom I had As

never seen before in my life. is a beautiful piece of work."

"It ought to be. It cost me twentyfive thouHe said, "I am Mr. Dawes."sand dollars,"

He was very pleasant, but you can imagine "Well,"I said, "it is worth it."

how embarrassed I was. He was Mr. Dawes, He said, "Is it worth anything to you?"

and he was Ambassador Dawes'brother, but he I said, "It would be if I had it."

was Rufus Dawes. I did not know there was a He said, "All right, you may have it!"

Rufus Dawes in the world. twentyfive thousand dollars worth of genealogy

"Well,"I said, "I have only come to tell you placed in my hand by a man whom I had met that this is a wonderful fair, and to express to only five minutes before! Well, I was amazed.

you my appreciation for what you have done in Our visit continued but a short while longer. I

organizing and seeing it through. It is marvel- {Concluded on page 540)

Jke (Lsditor'd j-aqe AUGUST 1946 491 PLAIN TALK TO GIRLS

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

Address given to the Executives of the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association, in June Conference,

Saturday afternoon, June 8, 1946, in Barratt Hall

I was in Mexico in the the women outraged. Yet today we

called President Clark that was the fact complacently look upon with thereWhenEmbassy, were me WHEN this to give address, he upon destroyed, under have our soldiers youngSister Clark and my is is called, think, 1 stated: what "This

est daughter, then in her middle in musical numbers a request numorders, hundreds and thousands of teens. Because she was the daughter ber. Some of the request numbers I women and children, the aged, the

heard, been I wish have had not out reinfirm, blotted them the decrepit, invited sheof ambassador, an was that however, I hope, I may that in the fraction of a second. Does time she quested. a great everyout deal, and [ate. that escape

went out, as she was ready to go, I "I have enjoyed very much the spell very much real love for humancalled her in and said: "Now, ceivedexcellentthusadvicefar, andthatI amyousurehavethatreif ity? Let us put those things out of

Luacine, I want you to remember you will follow the suggestions that our minds and out of our hearts, and this evening two things; first, you are have been made, great good will instead of talking glibly about the

let us actually a Mormon with certain standards to comeYoung intoWomen'sthe organizationMutual Improveof the brotherhood of men, observe; second, you are the daughment Association.... I have spoken have it and live it.

ter of the American ambassador, on other occasions with a view of and that brings to you certain retryinga sensetoofawakentheir dangers.our youngI peopleam sorryto \\7e should hate nobody, and havsponsibilities with reference to your that there are not some young men ing said that, I wish to urge a

conduct. I do not want you to forget here. I can scold them a little more word of caution, particularly to you

that, wherever you go tonight."easily than I can scold you."young girls. It is sought today in

Well, I had done this a number of certain quarters to break down all the at of the prejudice, end race and to Finally said times. one she me to the to Lord to pray remember and is this see, road, urge they which who trust not evening: do you "Daddy, live righteously.

is it finally intermarriage. what That me, you?"do just are the same know You we nohate should you comes to. Now, I I said, Daughter. not do "No, sort that started of beings today we to give every should man body; you trust myself."at to out the beginning. In be very what matter every no woman, and And until we are in the grave, we one sense—and I hesitate to use this the color of his and her skin may be,

of is not reach are the Satan. beyond there false doctrine a because treat full civil rights. should You

of us is safe, she is or he and predicated None the statement upon sisters, but do as brothers and that them most unsafe who thinks he or she is I am going to make—but in one not ever let that wicked virus get into

beyond the reach of the evil one. sense we are all Adams and Eves. your systems that brotherhood either

We all have before us the power to permits or entitles you to mix races

Vou young people have been told choose the good or to choose the which are inconsistent. Biologically,

so often that you are the greatest evil, and we can make a mistake at it is wrong; spiritually, it is wrong.

group that the world ever produced, the beginning which will bring to us that you are entitled to believe it, tears and sorrows and all that go with The Lord said: "Lead us not into

and I think perhaps some of you do. sin forever afterwards. But we are temptation but deliver us from evil."

You are the greatest group that the Adams and Eves in another sense. Never go any place where you may

world has ever produced in opporWe have all of the elemental pasnot ask the Lord to be with you. So

tunity. No group of youth in the sions which they had, and our modsoon as you do, you rob yourselves

whole history of the world ever had ern veneer is very, very thin. Biologof the strength and the power of the

the advantages that you have in the ical man does today whatever he Spirit of the Lord, and in large measdevelopment of science and of arts. thinks will preserve him biologically, ure you cease to be entitled to the

There come into your homes from preserve him as a human, mortal beprotection which you ask. Stay in

day to day more of culture and uplift ing. There have come into our minds the places where you may go before

than ever came to us who lived three and into our very beings, feelings of the Lord and say, "Lord, help me quarters of a century ago. But there hate and contempt for human life, and bless me,"and where you may

also come into your homes, and by revenge and that whole sordid, terdo it unblushingly.

the same route, more of filth, more rible group of vices. There was a As to companions, you women had

of moronic alleged entertainment, time when I was a boy, and perhaps better not trifle with men, and parmore influences to break down your when you were in school, that you ticularly with those whom you know morals than we dreamed of, and held up your hands in horror, only casually. There is a new spirit

you must take in this life of yours when you read of the terrible that has come into the world with with all of its opportunities, the burmassacres in the frontier settlethis war. The reports you have read

den along with the blessing, and you ments of this country by the Inof the universality of the immorality will be perfectly safe in this duality dians, when men, women, and chilamong our soldiers in Europe and which is yours if all the time you will dren were murdered and scalped and elsewhere are too largely borne out 492 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by the reports which come to us. Too Tiberias, that is, the Lake of Galilee, to be ours in every whit. We do not

frequently men have ceased to be around which so many of the stirring wish to share you even by sight with chivalrous, respectful of womanincidents and miracles performed by others.

hood, and have come to regard you the Master had taken place. They Sisters, you yourselves, those

as the legitimate prey of their pasfished all night, so when the morning whom you associate with and guide sions—as a prey to be seized either came they were about a hundred and direct, for the sake of your posby flattery or by force, and it makes yards away from the shore. They had terity and the youth of tomorrow,

little difference to them which. caught no fish. A man stood on the please resume the modesty that your

Please, sisters, you Mutual officers, shore and said to them: "Have ye mothers and your grandmothers had,

carry this back to your wards and any meat?"When they said, "No,"and if you want to know what that

your stakes and try to warn—and I he said, "Cast the net on the right was, talk to them somewhat about

urge this with all of the energy that side of the ship."And they cast their what you are doing now, and they

I have—try to warn your young girls net, and it was filled. John said to will tell you. I say to you that unless

against this terrible sin of unchastity. Peter: "It is the Lord,"and Peter, we do get modesty back among the

This is where you can exercise your with that impetuosity which marked Latterday Saints particularly, and love and your patience. This is where him through his whole life, girded his in the world, that we are headed for

you can use all of the Spirit of the coat about him, for he was naked, a catastrophe.

Lord that you can get in warning and then plunged into the sea, and those who are not here of the danwalked to the shore to meet his "VTow I hope, sisters, that you will gers which beset them on every Master. pardon my blunt speaking. I

hand. He was naked. The Lord is not have no desire but to help you to

pleased with nakedness. I am sure help yourselves and to help your

And then I should like to say this: you girls do not appreciate, you posterity, for if they go as far beYou may remember that after young people, and it may be not the yond where the youth of today are

the resurrection of the Lord, he saw older ones, that the nudity which as this youth have gone beyond the

PART OF WEST POCATELLO CHORUS WHICH FURNISHED MUSIC AT JUNE CONFERENCE. H. LEE FAWSON, CONDUCTOR.

the members of his apostles'quorum your fashions now sanction and inplace where their parents and their on two different occasions, one on deed call for, has its origin in those grandparents were, many will fall the night of his resurrection, when minds which seek so to clothe you below the standards of the beasts all were present except Thomas, and that you may appeal to the baser who have one mate and cling to it.

he called later when all were present, passions of men, and if so clothed This is a great organization. The

including Thomas. Then, while you shall be assaulted, take at least Lord loves you. He will help you,

he was seen here and there by inpart of the blame to yourselves. I that I promise you with as much cerdividuals, and on one occasion by know the arguments that are made tainty as I can promise anything that

over five hundred at one time, he did that go through your minds. "I can- I can actually hand to you. If you

not appear again to his apostles for not be a freak. Everybody else live righteously, he will do whatever

some time. Then Peter, he who had dresses this way. I must dress this you want him to do, that is for your

been first attracted by the fact that way. I will be shunned; I will not good, and you never ought to ask

the Lord had told him—he having be attractive; I will not be popular."the Lord for anything that you do

fished all night without any success And so on down the whole list of not say: "Father, give this to me if—to cast his net on the other side of alleged reasons, but really excuses. it would be for my best good and in

the boat, which he did and found it I know all that, and unfortunately accordance with thy will."Thenfilled with fish,—Peter said to some there is too much truth in it, but when keep your minds open so that if you

of his associates, Thomas Didymus, the man comes who wants honorably do not get what you ask for, you can

James, and John, the two sons of to make you his wife, then, many understand the failure was because

Zebedee, two other apostles, and chances to one, he will not wish you the Lord knew better than you. Go

Nathaniel: "I go fishing."They said, to display your person to others. back to your work, you officers, filled

"We will go with you."The record That is the way we men feel about with the enthusiasm which you

states that immediately they went it, and about those whom we love. are getting in this conference, with

and got into their boat on the Sea of When you come to us, we wish you {Concluded on page 533)

AUGUST 1946 493 A. OSCAR KIRKHAM

J4 cJLeader of Ujovitk

going on in scouting,"were the words of Brother Kirkham.

Ccouting in the age of Elder Kirkham has left its special marks and etchings. First of these marks on the

scouting landscape is a registration of boys the like of which does not occur elsewhere in the land. On an

Oscar A. Kirkham reindex of the number of twelveyear-

ceiving special honor at 12 old boys in the communities, the San Jose Region

Scout Executives'consix councils in the heart of the (erence. special The

the tributes were InMormon country show registration dian headdress from a of three hundred fortyeight for Salt executive Scout of Region the 12, and etchLake, three hundred thirtythree for the National ing from

Boy Scout staff. Ogden, three hundred thirtyone for

Cache Valley, three hundred fourteen for Idaho Falls, two hundred thirtysix for Pocatello, and two

Inspirer of youth, sixtysix for as Zion Park,Builder of manhood, young sixty- *mm hundredcompared hundred with oneRecipient honors of from the Boy Scouts of

America, two for Region XII and ninetyValiant Church worker, seven for the United States and

Distinguished alumnus of Brigham Young Hawaii combined.

University. Another mark is that sponsorship

quota of Scout troops in the six is the highest inThese were the words said about councils named

Oscar A. Kirkham by PresiAmerica. There are more happy

dent Howard S. McDonald on boys in scouting in the troops of

June 5, 1946, as he received the hood (Continued on page 538) of honorary Master of Arts degree from Brigham Young University. B.Y.U.an honoraryexercisesdegreewhereof masterOscar A.of Kirkhamarts for hisreceivedleadRecently Brother Kirkham was honership of youth, pictured with his wife, Ida Murored by the national staff of the Boy * dockgraduateKirkham,at theandsameyoungestexercises.daughter,She receivedJane, aa

bachelor of science degree.Scouts of America—the Region

Twelve executives and staff and scores of Scouts and Scouters for regions by a regional Scout execuhaving completed thirtyfive successtive, his deputy, and assistants. In

ful years of leadership with the Boy Region XII are Arizona, California,

Scouts of America. During these Nevada, Utah, and Hawaii. A halfyears his position included the direct time deputy executive has been asresponsibility of promoting this orsigned to Utah. This particular posiganization within our Church. His tion is the official niche from which

great prestige in scouting has reOscar has reached out to serve the sulted from* the fact that "he has Church in scouting and the many magnified his calling"and made the other troops sponsored by other job and its results much greater than churches.

the position he has filled. Oscar A. Kirkham has relinScouting is primarily a volunteer quished his official capacity as

service. Approximately five hundred deputy Scout executive of Region

forty councils in the United States Twelve, having reached the retireand Hawaii which serve more than ment age, and is devoting his full two million boys are staffed by more time to his work as a member of than ninetyfive percent nonpaid the First Council of the Seventy of workers. These five hundred forty the Church of Jesus Christ of Lattercouncils are administered in twelve day Saints. "I am not going out but

494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

WHEN SCOUTS GO awiDtnip> 5y J. <Jjliwortk Ujcouna

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

faced the summer of 1946 with hair on end; and a knuckle bring a to be a Mt. Everest, a Niagara, or a

I considerablethis year, for dismaythe first becausetime in boy'sfiveinchnose,sparkas it didfromfifteenthe yearsend ofago.a aBryce.cirque,It acanlongbe aview,waterfall,or an ahistoricgorge,

twentytwo years, I should not be These and a thousand other memospot ( if the history is vivid enough ) out camping with the Scouts. No ries crowd upon me and brighten On this page is a picture. Anyone

more should I hear the cliffs of the my sorrow. I don't mean that I shall can see it's a high cliff, almost

Grand Canyon echo with the shrill not camp again—I shall. But I fear straight up and down, bordering a

cries of adventurous youth; no more I shall never lead a group of Scouts river. It's hard to get to, even towoulal the boys and I stand on the camping again, which is a different day, but sixty years ago a party of

cirque on the other side of the range thing! pioneers arrived at a point just below

They drove their wagons to the floor of the canyon down through that long, narrow crock just under the arrow.

-Photograph, courtesy of Mrs. Leland Redd

from the Kintla Lakes in Glacier Why did I camp? To build charthe arrow in the picture. President

Park, our pounding hearts echoing acter in boys. What did I learn from John Taylor had told them to settle

at each beat the awe we felt as we it all? That character was built more the delta lands of the San Juan.

gazed into its mighty depths. Never in me than it ever was in any boy! They were trying to obey. They

again should we be curled up out of I was the chief recipient, as is true had oxen, cattle, wagons, women, the wind behind the great boulders of anyone who tries to help others. children—and it was winter.

of the Wind River Peaks while tryNow I would like to leave some of They drove their wagons to the floor ing to find our place in the scheme the results of my experience with the of the canyon down through that of things. No more would the great Scout leaders who hit the trail this long, narrow crack just under the arfish of the middle fork of the Salmon year—and next year. row. Impossible? Yes, impossible, but

River be in danger from my rod; they did it! I would like to take my

never again would Charles Petty On Where to Go Scouts and make one last camp at and I cook a huckleberry pie on the that place. I would like to point to

Beckler River or swim in the hot Dlan to go where, at some place or it and thrill them with new faith bath at its head, nor would we chase other, the boys will let out an as I show them what men did with the bears of Old Faithful out of our inward "oh-h-h"long and drawn old faith. I mean something like that

pack, as they tried to outwit us and out, as they come upon some scenic when I say pick your place where take our grub. I'd like to experience spectacle. This isn't the place the the "oh-h-h"will be longdrawn and

with boys the thrill of standing on tourists haunt. You will not find the deep. And let it be far enough away

King's Peak in a thunder storm and thrill of which I speak if you can and mysterious enough to spell adhave the static electricity stand our drive to it in a car. It doesn't have venture. {Continued on page 536)

AUGUST 1946 495

Don't be a lobster

Thewaiianwaywasthe outstoryfishinggoes,fora Halob- OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC ster. He had caught a couple

and had placed them in some sort of pan. The sidewalls of the pan

were not very high. A stranger came

up and remarked to the fisherman, "Why didn't you get a deeper pan in which to place those lobsters?

When your back is turned, they'll crawl out."Then came the answer

from the fisherman: "Friend, you

just don't know lobsters. One lobster will never let the other get up

higher than himself if he can help it.

If one of those lobsters makes a move to get out or higher in the world, his fellow prisoner will always jerk him back."

When I heard that story I thought what a lesson there was in it. Do

we as brothers, or as friends, through envy or jealousy, hold one another back? If one of us gets a little higher in the world than the other, do we Now when Jesus was born in Bethlehem

instinctively want to pull him down of Judaea in the days of Herod the king, or stop his progress? You know, behold, there came wise men from the east

jealousy is one of the worst things in to Saying,Jerusalem,Where is he that is born King of the world. It does hurt us sometimes the Jews? for we have seen his star in the Illustrated by Nelson White

to see others progress. east, and are come to worship him.

When Herod the king had heard these you made happy or are you full of

They were having a school prothings, he was. troubled, and all Jerusalem hate because another is up a little

gram. Every mother was there; each with him. (Matthew 2:1-3.) higher on the ladder than you? depending envious or proudone

If lobster. your comhe because be a Don't was troubled The king the of the importanceupon

in his than holding higher get a little panion can no competition roles wanted playing.her children were A pompous little fellow came to the platthe scepter. The people with good you, don't pull him back.

form and with all the oratory of a cause were troubled because they Oh, jealousy, knew well to what ends a Herod Thou ugliest fiend of hell! Thy deadlyPatrick Henry shouted to the skies:

this obstacle. to remove go would venom lend countrymen,'"Friends, Romans,

vitals, hue turns the healthful Preys is on this black chapter my one only And elodisplay of This your ears."me sallowness, to fresh haggard cheek Of my stories of bloodin of the thousands envious for an too muchquence was shed in history—the result of jealto seatmate her turned And drinks my spirit—Hannahup. Mooremother. She

inof envy. Thousands and ousy pointed upward nose with herand tells plainer written what like Nothing butchered babies were nocent kid. the Jones "That'sproclaimed: of will story the than jealousy the do in of streets cattle the because

if son his mother's be wouldn'tHe Othello. soul. Shakespeare's selfishness of one someto trying borrow wasn'the

this poison length to what You see thing."T ask you, dear reader, are you free will go, and to what depths a villain

Two street sweepers were sitting from this venom that has curdled will go when this poison we are talkon the street curb talking together. the blood of the inhabitants of the ing about gets him under its power.

One of their profession had just world since history began? Are you Yes, and to go a little further, how

passed to the great beyond. Speakpleased to rejoice at the accomplishthe whitest rose will be crushed in

ing of their deceased friend, one ments of your friends, or are you enthe calloused hands of jealousy. I am

street employee observed to the vious? When you hear of a relative talking about beautiful Desdemona,

other, "Bill was a great street sweepor friend going places in the world, is the traitor Iago, and the champion of er.""But,"observed his companion there gladness in your soul or does honor, the brave Moor Othello. Iago

sitting beside him, "didn't you think the reptile of envy entwine around was jealous of his fellow officer, Cashe was a little weak around the lampyour throat and choke the virtue sio, because the latter had been adposts?"within you? Putting it frankly, are {Continued on page 541

496 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mental Peak, a Streaked Wall. The

Patriarchs peaks in are hoary Three randcen are Cathedral Farther on, row. dentl\OH a 3

Mountain and the Great Organ.

By ELIZABETH CANNON PORTER The muddy, meandering river that carved the canyon bears the Indian

Park, covering 94,888 called the plateau here Kolob, which name for ".straight"—MukuntuZionacres in southwestern Utah, is means next to the throne of God. weap. Although it has nine times

comfortable, warm, and pleasFeeling the heavenly atmosphere of the fall of the Colorado, the "world's ant. It contains a good example of the canyon they dubbed it Little digginist river,"it is hard to realize

a deep, narrow, highwalled canyon Zion. It was also referred to as that it carries one hundred eighty

easily reached. It is about as deep as Joseph's Glory. Was this because carloads of ground rock out of the

it is wide, though in the Narrows its Brother Joseph Black sang its park daily.

The road, entering between the

Watchman and the West Temple of the Virgin, skirts the river for seven miles up the canyon and spreads out in the Temple of Sinawava, flanked by black obelisks.

From this amphitheater you enter the Narrows where the great rock walls almost come together. From

the bottom of the gorge, only a few feet wide at places, the stars may be seen in the daytime in the narrow strip of sky up above. In grassy

alcoves beneath the tremendous walls, deer give birth to and nurture their young. The water may rise here

forty feet in a few minutes. It is no

place to be caught in a rainstorm.

Although Indians had a superstitious awe of Zion and avoided the place, clifF dwellings are found in a side canyon. Did harassed renegades seek sanctuary in this haunted

place, or was it a hidden storehouse?

Zion has a refrigerator canyon, a weeping rock like a sponge, and myriad little waterfalls which, after a rain, plunge hundreds of feet down to form emerald pools. It has banks

of wild flowers, hanging gardens, and elusive trails. Like a charming

person it grows on you and becomes more interesting the better you know

it.

GOLDdepth thousand is two feet and its ONE OFZIONTHE NATIONALTHREE PATRIARCHSPARK IN J. Parker 1 By Le Nore less fifty feet.width than

Zion is Egyptian in the conformapraises, or did they liken it to the "E'ach season has its gold dull rocks,tion of its red shades son? colors coat of Jacob's of many Spring: and Buttercups jonquils gay

slate. intoblending the It suggests in array, reflect dandelions the of the And names awe Most

countries of northern Africa: its that the glories of Zion inspire. Like shining money in the grass.

cumbersomeness belongs to Moloch; There are an Old Man of the MounSummer: Golden glows and fields of grain

its gayer glints to Solomon. tain and a Mountain of Mystery. Heavyheaded, speaking plain

You enter on the floor and exclaim Brooding over the entire canyon, and Of faith that does all else surpass.

over the grandeur which towers seen from almost any angle, is the Autumn: Frosttouched trees and pumpkins,

there, If you. theabove you climb to sumGreat White Throne—unscalable, fields still in bare mademit of or Angel's Mountain Lady inexplicable. shadowy, chill that blow. autumn winds and The Altar of TriumphantBy

getLanding, a breathtaking you carnelian. Sacrifice drips with The

of her gold is shy. Winter: This season of thelong canyon, light playview of is yellow Mountain the Sun sunset it in a She hoards sky

ing on its kaleidoscopic walls. headed. There are Natural Bridges, And in a firelight's gentle glow!

Early Latterday Saint settlers a Spearhead, Castle Dome, SentiEach season has its gold.

AUGUST 1946 497 Cruising on the Great

{Du Jnomad /4. Molland

Cruising on Great Salt Lake is an exhilarating pleasure. Of

course one has to watch out AUTHOR'S NOTE for occasional squalls and gales, but there is little danger with a good "Defore his death in 1937, the late Captain Edwin G. Brown was perhaps the most

experienced navigator on the Great Salt Lake, with many years of observation boat for you can run before a blow and experience on that unique body of water. Reared in the training and traditions

into the lee of some island. Memof British seafaring men, he commanded a fullrigged ship when he was twentyfive

bers of the Great Salt Lake Yacht years of age, and all this knowledge of the open sea he applied as need and opClub, no matter what the cruise, portunity arose to conditions on the heavy water of the Great Salt Lake, finally long or short, carry ten gallons of becoming the mentor of the Salt Lake Yacht Club, a group of amateur saitors, carelittle had who circles—men

rules the learning the offresh water and some food, also fullyknowledgeselectedof fromnavigation,businessbutandatradegreatandenthusiasmprofessionalfor signals and rockets, and all orders sea, and the mysteries of the mariners compass and nautical terminology, and the are strictly adhered to. handling of craft under canvas, and the building and rigging of sailing craft. At

The Great Salt Lake has its the time of this cruise, the group herein described owned over forty craft on Great moods, its ebbs and flows, its calms, Salt Lake, more than fifteen under sail with many classes of motor boats, some of its storms. During times of plentiful twentythreewhich were saidpercentto besaltcapablesolutionof ofmakingthe lake.fifty miles an hour, despite the heavy

snow and rain in the mountains and streams, surplus waters flow through surface and subterranean channels and strata of the earth and finally Come years ago with twelve boats signal. One by one the boats came in.

find their way to the lake. During we made a threeday cruise of They had followed our mast light all

that period the lake is well filled, and the islands of Great Salt Lake. Getthe way. After partaking of a good

its length then from north to south is ting our provisions aboard by nine supper and a run on the sandy beach, nearly seventyfive miles, and its p.m., we were ready to cast off from we slept. At day break several men

breadth fifty miles. But now, owing the boat dock at Saltair pavilion. were up to watch the sunrise over the

to drought, the lake has receded The night was pitch dark. We were Wasatch Mountains. It was a most

some twentyfive percent and has to lead the way across the lake to glorious sunrise, spreading out with become more salty. It has no outlet, Stansbury Island, wind due north. what seemed to be hundreds of hues,

and evaporation is the cause of its Our course given by Captain Brown a sight I shall never forget.

shrinking. was west by south onequarter Spending the entire day on this

Fifteen years ago, the Great Salt south, distance twentythree and bleak mountainous island, we passed

Lake Yacht Club had its first races onehalf miles. Before casting off I hours looking for a grave, which a

over a triangular course. The said, "Captain, it's a pretty dark colorful and unconfirmed story says

weather was squally; three light night to venture across this lake."was made there over seventy years

sailing craft capsized; the crews He answered, "Friend Holland, fear ago.

were none the worse, however. never enters my mind. We have a On the north end of this island

Captain Edwin G. Brown, who good seaworthy boat, a compass, and there is a dirty surface well where

was an authority on the Great Salt a log."He then gave orders to haul some animals drink. In 1867,

Lake, in all his more than fifty years'aft the starboard foresheet, he holdthe lake was at its highest since modexperience could recall very few ing on to the stern mooring line. As ern records have been kept. This

serious accidents. He said: "It is she paid off, he ordered, "Let go rise uprooted some dozens of cedar

impossible to sink: we can walk or and haul."trees. A man and his son, named

pretend to walk with the water well We were off before a starboard Smart, went over to get these trees below our arm pits, and lie on our beam wind. Dropping the log to saw them into stove wood. Countbacks and enjoy comfort as if we over the taffrail, it began immediing the rings, it was discovered that

were on a feather bed. Its water is ately to register. All the way across they were one hundred thirty years

beneficial and envigorating, but it he very seldom touched the tiller, old. Sheepmen have driven their

is bad to drink it."but handled Betty with her sails. flocks over from Grantsville to this

In the lake there is a small shrimp Running our distance down, we island. In our climb up to a high

about half an inch in length. It ap- "hoveto"for soundings. Hauling in peak we had a view broadly extendpears mostly in August, and in large the log line we sailed slowly until ing over the surrounding country.

numbers. Several other small living we reached the beach at the very

things are found in America's "dead spot where we were to wait for the ()N the second morning, after a sea."The sea gulls come from the other boats. This was navigation and swim in the grand, clear salt

West Coast in March and return in seamanship. I felt mighty proud to water, and a good breakfast, we set

September and October. All the have this "old salt"as my comour canvas and were towed by motor

sand in the lake is of round particles mander. boat to Carrington Island. It will be

of calcareous material entirely unlike We drew Betty up on shore as far noted here that some of the islands other sand. as we could, then built a fire as a in Great Salt Lake are named for

498 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA salty—indeed only brackish, no

doubt owing to the Bear River and other fresh water streams flowingSalt Lake into the lake, and then the Lucin

Cutoff damming it from the lower or government officers, who, in the carrion, dead fish, and guano, this issouth part of Great Salt Lake.

early days, explored them. This island is by no means a paradise. We now had lunch, and it was

land is covered by thick brush. Here There is not one drop of fresh water eaten by a group of hungry men. We

we counted fourteen sheep which there. rested awhile, then up anchor and

had become wild through lack of After spending an hour at Bird away to explore the north end of attention. These animals have perIsland, we again started out and the lake as far as Rozel. Here we

haps never drunk fresh water, but made the Lucin Cutoff, where we found two oil derricks, abandoned, get the dew from the shrubs. There were towed under. This is a bridge a barge, and small boat, high and

is a landing on the south end. Severor span built by the Southern Pacific dry. The weather looking squally,

al went ashore, but seeing no attracRailroad, on its run from Ogden to all sailing craft were taken in tow by tion soon returned to their boats. San Francisco. We now headed for the motor boats and headed for the

gap. Our masts being twentyeight

feet, and owing to a dangerous current, we deemed it advisable to unship them. This was an order, the

reason for which we discovered as we passed under the railway bridge.

We then reshipped the masts and set our canvas for Fremont Island.

Dropping anchor in a quiet bay while some of the lighter boats were beached, we stretched our legs with a run ashore, and visited the former home of the deceased Judge Wenner, which he built in 1882. Judge

and Mrs. Wenner either leased or

bought this island from the Central

Pacific Railroad. They had come

west from an eastern state for the judge's health. They lived here

alone on this little island for some ten years, very seldom having visitors or leaving the island. They had

a piano, violin, music, many books, chickens, a cow, and a sheep, and a good well of lithia water, as cold as ice even in the hottest weather. ( We

found the well had caved in, ) When the judge died, his wife, alone on the isolated island, prepared the body, dug the grave, buried him, and preached the funeral sermon. We

visited his last resting place, and placed some wild flowers on it.

\\7e took stock of our provisions—Map made [com author's sketch by Nelson White and found that we had enough,

We again heaved anchor and butlow, ourhencesupplyit wasofdecidedfresh towaterdispatchwas sailed towards Bird or Hat Island, Gunnison Island; here we ran into a the two dinghys with ten empty fivelanding on a sandy beach on the landlocked bay. We had twelve gallon cans to the Brigham Young

south end. Here we were met by boats in the cruise, and I doubt if Ranch, situated on the east side of

thousands of cranes, pelicans, and such a fleet had ever visited this another island called Antelope Issea gulls. Their screams and their island before. A grand picture it land or Buffalo. Captain Brown

boldness were enough to drive one would have made, but we had used sketched on a chart the directions into a state of nerves. And such a all our films by this time—which we for the crews of these boats to find

stench! For hundreds of years these deplored. Here we found good anthe water, and while it was a rather

birds have been coming and going chorage and were well sheltered. lonely route, about twentytwo miles,

there to hatch their young. For feed, The birds were numerous—pelicans, they would not have run into sand they bring fish seventyfive miles cranes, and sea gulls. We also found banks, weeds, or shoal water if they

from beyond Utah Lake. What from that the lake water was much less (Concluded on page 532)

AWGUST 1946 499 SANCTUARY

Dm Cllzabetk <=Le\ount J JLhe first time I saw AuntMartha Twas on an evening in the early 1900's when I was thrust at her hall with a thousand dancing lights, sink where she was slicing oranges.

through the doorway by my mother's "dinner is ready, and I'm sure you "Good morning, Felicity,"she irate maid, Ada. However tired Ada must be hungry. I'll show you where said, smiling down into my sleepy

was of me, I was even more tired of to put your things, and then afterface, "I thought I would let you sleep her, of her threats, of her yanks, and ward we can go up to your room."late this morning because you were

her evil predictions of things to She led me to the oak hatrack, a so tired."

come. I was terrified of the unknown kindly wooden beast with a mirrored "Yes, ma'am,"I agreed.

that waited for me behind the door face and huge iron horns, and helped "You may choose whether you with the colored lights, and instincme off with my coat and hat. "Come would like to set the table for me or

tively I drew back the minute the out to the dining room after you have dry the dishes after breakfast,"Aunt door opened, but Ada seized my arm washed your hands,"she said, indiMartha moved briskly to the oven and pushed me inside. cating the lavatory. and took out the corn bread.

suspisuggestion sounded past the heavy The I pushed When to run no, you "Oh, don't—trying like do a trick found to make me portieres green Aunt ciously and shovtriumphantly, said sheaway,"

ing me into the hallway. Martha standing at the head of the something I didn't want to do. I was

all wiles. adult familiar those I with the other table, where wondered aunt, in, said Felicity,"my "Come threats, thing be next it would a large for board The guests were, was me, to steadyputting out a hand bribes. that there after be would cloth and shining with damask a in laid here. you're glad so"I'm Come

I either,"retorted "I silver won't do canlighted heavy and by air."night the ofout leaning and abruptly, backing away delabra.

It might have been in me, even "Your place will always be opagainst the door.

then, to have given a suitable reply posite me,"she nodded toward the My aunt didn't even look at me.

if Ada had not made her famous other chair at the foot of the table, She took a yellow dish from the cupbraying laugh of derision. "You and as I walked toward it I realized board and began breaking the hot

won't be for long,"she jeered. "She that the silver and the heavy cut corn bread onto it in great uneven

has tantrums. And besides,"she glass bowl overflowing with Cecil squares.

added spitefully, "she bit me."Brunner roses were for me, aged ten. "This is going to be your home for

For the first time I stole a glance There were no other guests. a long time, Felicity,"she said quietat my aunt. I expected incredulity, With a little silken rustle my aunt ly, "and if you anticipate being haphorror, and fury, for I was used to slipped into her chair, and I followed py here, you will have to work at it.

these reactions in adult people, but suit quickly. "We will take turns I am going to do my share, but if I

my aunt's face was perfectly calm. It saying the blessing,"she remarked, did yours, too, I would be denying

was a beautiful face with frosty blue folding her hands upon the edge of you a great privilege."

eyes under a fringe of white hair. the table. "I shall say it tonight, and The words weren't too big for me,

The chin, however, was thrust out tomorrow you may say it."either. I got the full impact of them,

menacingly toward Ada. Paralyzed with horror I stared at and I knew right away what was

"Why did she bite you?"she inAunt Martha. Did she expect me to wrong with my other home. Nobody

quired unexpectedly. learn all that at one hearing? In an had worked at it. My father had

Ada was so taken back at this agony of concentration I listened, bought it and furnished it expensivequestion that her big mouth dropped but the syllables eluded me. All that ly. My mother, when she wasn't enopen, and for a second or two she I could grasp, all that I could rememtertaining there, was berating the

was unable to speak. ber was the sound, the joyous sound idle servants or telling me how disApparently my aunt also saw her of praise and thanksgiving. graced she was to have such a child.

stillopportunity for she moved in like a Possibly I ate something, but I Seeing that my aunt's back was queen, sweeping the pawns from the don't recall much about what haptoward me, I slithered over to the board. "I'm sure you must be very pened after that. The tinkle of glasstable and began sorting the silver

I found on the checkeredtired, Ada, and I know you have a ware and silver became fainter and pieces cloth.long way to go. We will excuse you fainter, and then I just gave up,

now. Felicity and I both bid you drugged by apprehension and exPresently Aunt Martha came over

good night."With that she opened haustion. When I awoke, it was and set the corn bread down on the

the door, waited a few moments, and broad daylight, and the sun was table. "Well, that's good,"she said,

then closed it firmly against my streaming in the closed windows. "you came out just even, didn't you.

mother's maid and all she repreThat extra spoon is for the honey.

sented. You may get it from the cooler. Take

"Well, Felicity,"my aunt's blue In the kitchen I found my it out of the saucer of water and put eyes twinkled down at me, and the aunt swathed in a long checked the jar on a clean plate. I always

tiny diamonds in her ears filled the apron, standing well away from the keep it there because of the ants."

500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA INo day ever went faster 1900s it was far better, in the eyes Aunt Martha intended to remain in than the first one in my new home. of parents, to do something more the woods ), and tore down the street

One by one, and with sinking heart, substantial than draw pictures. in the direction I had seen her take.

I went over all the blessings I had But my mind wasn't on Eleanor's To my surprise, she was walking ever known. The mumbly ones I was problems. It was on my own. Seeing leisurely past the library, followed

too proud to recite, and the one the adamantine look come into Aunt doggedly by Harry, Eleanor's beau.

which the children had sung in the Martha's face when I suggested that My aunt had apprehended him school, "Be present at our table, I leave the petticoats on the floor, I whacking the heads off the zinnias in

Lord,"had such unpleasant memothrew myself onto the carpet screamthe parking of the library, and she ries for me that I couldn't repeat it ing, and banging my head against had indignantly accused him of havwithout shuddering. the brass footrail of the bed. Evening no sense of beauty. His shame

Just in time the beautiful words of tually, however, I had to put my was so great that he could not speak.

Coleridge came to my harassed head out of the froth of petticoats He fell in, ten paces behind her, brain. When I took my place at the and take a breath of air. waiting until he could make a suittable, I folded my sweaty hands toAunt Martha was looking past me able explanation, and I, in turn, fell

gether, screwed my eyes shut, and out the window. in ten paces behind Harry, grateful

said in a slow, frightened voice: "I can't abide this way of acting,"that he was the scapegoat. In this

she said in a low voice, "so I am formation we proceeded across WalHe prayeth well, who loveth well going to the woods. You will find nut Street and eventually came to

Both man and bird and beast. me there if you care to."Unhooking rest on a bench under the camphor

He prayeth best, who loveth best her parasol from the handle of the trees near the railroad tracks.

All things both great and small; door, she turned and went out, and Harry began right away. "I am For the dear God who loveth us, presently I heard her close the front Harold Davidson—

He made and loveth all. door and go down the steps. "He is in love with Eleanor,"I

the curaside Frantically I pushed helpfully. in put

table the of the length Down direction she I tains to had see which "I Maryou are,"Aunt who know earin aunt's the diamondssaw my in the taken. were woods Where his crimreplied, disregarding tha

twinklingrings with thousand a I forest only was Pasadena? The is I don't face. son know "What littlelights. silence she After a little Ridthe familiar with Red was have should think Eleanor you why forest of the atsmiled me through there, to variety, ing and my Hood in faith have none you in you when

roses. I the cared person only horror, was yourself."

"That is one of my favorites, too,"anything about, marching off into its "I do,"he protested hotly. Then

she remarked, and I realized, with a blackness. he relaxed and said dejectedly, "I've

surge of joy, that the first bond of With lightning speed I retrieved got to get to the World's Fair."

affection was sealed between us the petticoats, put them on, chased "Well?"

forever. downstairs to stuff some sandwiches "Dad said he would give me the

in a paper sack (no telling how long (Continued on page 529)

J.udged by today's standards, my life in Aunt Martha's home

was unusual. She never tried to find

out what my allergies were nor what

I disliked. She had her rules of behavior, and she expected me to live

up to them.

For instance, her rule about wearing three petticoats gave rise to the first and only tantrum I had in her home, and it occurred after I argued that times had changed, and everyone had on fewer clothes.

This kind of talk was, alas, the influence of my new school chum,

Amy Fairchild, whose mother was being swayed by the modern trends, and who, it was rumored, permitted her eldest daughter, Eleanor, to wear one of those knitted bathing suits when she went into the ocean at

Long Beach. Amy told me all about

Eleanor the first week I knew her, especially about her beau, Harry, who worked in the bank, but who really wanted to draw pictures of houses. If Eleanor liked him to draw

pictures, I did too, but in the early

AUGUST 1946 501 \\YE SHALL NOT FEAR

and undaunted in spite of great difBy JJcowar*d,a >.—). i5e,i/>enmon ficulties. Of course, they will not

PRESIDENT OF NEW YORK STAKE supinely sit in the midst of confusion and wait for the Lord to straighten out the mess for them. Under the

financial and governmental ties and love of his family; four, asguidance of their leaders they will

INcircles one hears and reads of the surance of the help of his Church proceed at once to use their Godpossibilities of runaway inflation organizations and his fellow memgiven intelligence and all their which might wipe out all earnings bers; and, five, the possession of strength and capabilities to improve

and, for a time, disrupt the affairs of simple and frugal habits and living their own and the general situation;

the people of this nation. The narequirements. and they will ask the Lord to guide

tional staggering debt has reached a bless and prosper their strong Reliance on the Arm of the Lord and the are peopletotal, and demanding efforts.

less taxes and still more appropriaHThose who have faithfully kept the tions. Each person hopes that the commandments of the Lord, have One's Own Strength and

huge national debt will not produce often tested his promises and have Capabilities a financial upheaval, at least not in experienced his help, cannot be en- A financial holocaust may strip his lifetime, but there is an undercurgulfed in despair by worldly difficulone of his life's savings. In the

rent of uneasiness and apprehension ties however menacing, for their faith German inflation of the 1920's even which could easily break into wideis firm, and the recorded promises home owners lost their property as spread panic and despair in the event to them are sure. Their own experian outcome of last minute capital

of much further unfavorable finanences in life, the history of the Latlevies imposed by the national govcial and economic developments. Are terday Saint people, and the history ernment desperately trying to check

we as a people reasonably prepared recorded in the scriptures of the the inflation. But such an upset

for such an eventuality? I believe we dealings of God with his people in cannot take away from a man his

are. every dispensation gives assurance abilities for doing work. We LatterNo financial debacle at any time, of adequate help when they may be day Saints should know how to

however widespread or violent its faced with starvation, disease, or work with our hands as well as effects, will cause the heart of the calamity in any form. Those who with our heads. We should have

true Latterday Saint to fail him nor have not faithfully kept the commore than one string to our bow.

will he waste his time and energies mandments cannot possess this firm This is an age of specialization.

in giving way to despair because of assurance because the Lord has said Many of us are highly specialized, such happenings. He is forewarned, they have no promise. Hence they and in the event of a financial disasand he is sustained by spiritual and must rely solely on his mercy for ter, there might be no demand for

material means to serve him under succor. The faithful Latterday our particular specialty. One of my

all conditions of need. Of course, a Saints, confronted with extraordicounselors is a research scientist, but

national financial holocaust would nary need, will ask in faith as usual he is also a good carpenter. Another

thoroughly upset the living arrangeand will know that they will receive of our leaders is a lawyer, but he is ments and employment of nearly according to their needs and accordalso a cabinetmaker. Many of our

everyone in this country; but upsets ing to a wisdom greater than their professional men have skilled hands.

are not overpowering to those who own, and hence they will be calm Most of us know how to make a are prepared. garden produce real food and how

Let us suppose for a moment that to preserve the food.

a national financial upheaval of great Ability to work depends not only economic consequence were on its on knowledge and training, but on way here and would transpire some health and strength. In a time of nayears from now. What are the bultional distress, health is a vital asset,

warks to give courage and mental yet health depends largely on the stability to a member of the Church lifelong exercise of wisdom and against so great a disaster? What care. Many of the ills we suffer had

are long range measures he can now their cause in improper eating or inbe taking to ameliorate its effects juries that occurred ten to fifty years upon himself and his loved ones? I before we felt the effects. If we

will name five safeguards against become to this earth with an allotted ing overwhelmed in such an event; seventy years, we should use our

safeguards that can be built up and knowledge and restraint to assure strengthened by the individual and the fact that we will be able to work collective efforts of the members. usefully all our days and not spend

These are: one, assured reliance on the last twenty of the allottment as

the arm of the Lord; two, assurance a debilitated person. The lesson

of one's own strength and capabilimust be learned and applied young.

ties; three, assurance of the capabili-—Illustration by Fielding K. Smith (Continued on page 534)

502 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Onementsof thein themostlifeinterestingof an M.I.A.mospiritMaster.andTheydoctrineare practicalof the gospelin natureof andthe

leader is when he turns to the related to questions every Latterday Saint young man must find an answer to early inmanual prepared for his particular use v few Jools life.

and, reading through it visualizes the vast opportunities for the coming seaThe ]unior Girls Manual brings back son. This year the M.I.A. officers and tor again one of the most popular courses

teachers are fortunate to have availever presented, Happiness Ahead, by able for summer reading and preparaWilliam E. Berrett, wherein are distion all of their manuals for 194647 cussed the principles of the gospel and

courses of study, suggested activity their relationship to the happiness ofprograms, the tools to serve as a basis M.I.A. these girls. Equally popular will be the

for the best Mutuals yet. new course, Some Day You Will Marry, with such intriguing chapter headThe Manual for Executives and ings as "Star Dust and Solid Earth,"

Community Activity Committees is a "Increasing Your Assets,"and "To all forcomplete handbook ward helpits most executives.stake of and HELENA W. LARSON LivewrittenHappilyby Mrs.EverAngelynAfter."W.TheyWadley,were One

ful sections is the weekby-week chart GENERAL SECRETARY, Y.W.M.I.A. former director of home economics

of the season. This shows the events education for secondary schools in

for the entire Mutual each week and Utah. The book also contains suggested

also the chapters from the courses of activities for the class, a weekby-week study and the activities for each dechart, and an unusually helpful secpartment. With its help, an executive tion, "Suggestions on Leadership."

can see the entire year's program, and Special stress is placed on our Mormon The Supplement to Scouting in the every M.I.A. night he can tell what pioneer history and its significance in Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

each department should be studying. the lives of our young people today. Saints coordinates the national Scout

Such longrange planning as this affords The author says program with our M.I.A. A weekby-

will eliminate of the and worry much is included activity calendar week tell of story the chapters how God The hurried entailedextra a too by work to get scoutmasters will enable which hisof entire course the throughout human activities. ofprograming inprogram. of each out the most An his chilfor has concern tory a had deep

dren, the inhabitants of the earth, endeavorteresting new feature is a chapter preCommunity AcManual for The Cornwall "The on J. Spencer

tivity is the second half Committees supto of the Boy,"and of ingbringto eternalguide themhappinessalong totheindividualspaths whichas paredSingingbyVoice the Executive Manual and is bound well as peace and joy to cities and nations. plement it are some Scout centennial

separately for cultural arts directors. songs.

Senior Scout Guide Number The in six courses the it are weeksWithin conKeepers'Handbook Bee The for material contains enrichment Four thirtythe for music, speech anddrama, for all the lessons tains needed of the our from the Senior program Scout classes, also arts cultural andminute well three as of years Hive work Bee informaviewpoint. Helpful Church for the dancing explanation programan activities, their songs, requirements as

is the coordinating nation given on recreationof chartfor 194647. the A this addition, etc. In for year awards,

tional the M.I.A. Scout with program inal the program M.I.A. and events prepared which been has a Supplement

eight written has S. Hinckley Bryant is included. cultural arts coursesof the the date with to brings up Hive Bee

of a Senior Life discussions on "The centennial will theSince next season course, reading theme, current M.I.A.

Religion."His Scout and The author attention, ahold everyone's section on It also procultural arts program. and

that the topics are states added.pioneer costumes has been centennial in detail the 1947 grams

... pattern intended to help the standard the young and man day of swarm Interest Special Group HandThe

his attitudes orient properly scouting senior night. for award

is this year with doubly attractivebook life the objectives in accordance with and (Concluded on page 520) stalits a outstanding cover showing wart pioneer with his wife, and its complete suggestions for this age group. nm

Eight "thoughtprovoking, timely, informative subjects for study"during the coming year are suggested. Complete

outlines of lessons are included for most of the study courses so that classes may enjoy their lessons with the use of this handbook and supplementary texts, such as the Bible and the Book of Mormon.

The M Men and Gleaner Manual discusses all of the activities of the joint departments—such as dances, banquets, and firesides, and all separate M

Men and Gleaner material. The course

is God's Chosen People by Dr. Milton

R. Hunter of the First Council of the

Seventy. In it, he tells of those people

who since the beginning of time have chosen to live God's commandments.—Photograph by Hal Rumel

AUGUST 1946 503 jrortuBve viear vision in M

Tap row, left to right: J. Grant, B.S., B.Y.U. Vida Wentz, M.D., University of Chicago, B.S., B.Y.U.; also attended Iowa State University. Practicing pediatrician and special lecturer at University of Chicago and Northwestern University. Naomi Johnson (deceased), B.S., B.Y.U.; also attended Northwestern University.

Leah Jacob, B.S., B.Y.U. Margaret Merkley, B.S., B.Y.U.; also attended U.S.A.C. and University of Oregon. Now head of the home economics department at Dixie

College. Dee A., M.S., University of Illinois; B.S. degree from U.S.A.C; also attended B.Y.U. Professor at U.S.A.C.

Second row: Mary Astrig, B.S., B.Y.U. Mima Hicken, B.S., B.Y.U. Emer E., B.S., U.S.A.C; also attended B.Y.U. (Released from U. S. Navy as lieutenant (i.g.)

in March 1946.) Harvey M., B.S., University of Minnesota; also attended B.Y.U. (Released from U.S. Navy as a lieutenant (j.g.) in December 1945.) Sara M. Paulson, B.S., University of Utah; also attended University of Minnesota and L.D.S. Business College. Helen Jonssen, B.S., University of Utah; graduated from L.D.S.

Business College.

Oliver Wendell Holmes their children the physical necessities family in thrift and industry as wellWHENstated that if one wished to of life, they have'been highly sucas to teach them a full observance of improve the race, one must cessful in inculcating into their chilthe law of tithing.

begin with the grandmother, he did dren's lives the aspiration and ideal The twelve sons and daughters not realize that the suggestion would of service and development. have all been married in the temple

be independently worked out by All twelve of the children have with "the conviction that temple

David A. and Mina Murdock been graduated from college. Their marriage is the only perfect and

Broadbent. Before they were maralma maters include Brigham Young complete marriage."Every member

ried in the Manti Temple, May 1, University, the University of Utah, of the family is active in Church and 1901, each had made a careful study the Utah State Agricultural College, civic service.

of the other's family and had felt Iowa State College, the University In addition to rearing their large that it would be good to combine of Minnesota, the University of family with its many timeconsuming their heritage. The Broadbents both Chicago, Northwestern University, problems on the modest income of a

came from families which boasted and the University of Illinois. professional schoolteacher, Presieleven children: seven girls and four Unwilling to let their scholastic dent and Sister Broadbent have

boys in one, and seven boys and four achievements outreach their spiritugiven unstintedly of their time in girls in the other. Their married life al attainments, the family have Church and community service in

bears out the truth of the value of twelve missions for the Church to addition to the fulltime missions.

prepared parenthood as opposed to their credit, including President There was as great an amount of artificial doctrine that is ruining the Broadbent's first mission in 1898community service by each of them human race in broken homes and 1900 to the Southern States Mission. as for the Church.

sensual association with childless Nine of these missions were abroad, Sister Broadbent became presihomes and race suicide. and three have been long term misdent of a ward Relief Society two

Exemplifying the tenet that parsions in the Salt Lake and St. George years after their marriage, and since

enthood is cardinally a sacred mistemples. A total of thirtyfour years that time she has served continuoussion of service, the Broadbents have in missionary service have been ly in ward, stake, mission, and temlived to enjoy the fruition of their given by this family to the Church. ple executive positions.

plans and ideals. In the five and All twelve of the children were

two score years of their marriage baptized on their eighth birthdays. Dresident Broadbent has devoted

they have reared to adulthood eight On this day, each child had given to more than fifty years in service daughters and four sons. Two him an account book in which he to the Church in various positions

other daughters died in infancy. would keep a record of all his resince he was sustained as president

Realizing that their obligation as ceipts and disbursements. This simof his teachers'quorum. He has

parents did not end with providing ple project has served to train the served in many positions in the aux504 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

PREPARED PARENTHOOD

AN INTERVIEW WITH,2w/ -J. and

ima urdocl? (J-Sroadbent

iliary and priesthood organizations. child busy in all home and farm plain,"says President Broadbent.

He served as bishop's counselor of duties according to his age and train "Where there is no vision, the famthe Heber Second Ward for twelve him for full participation in all ily perishes. Get an aim. Formulate

years. He became stake clerk of Church and civic activities, and to a plan, and then work your plan cothe Wasatch Stake and advanced keep before him the best in Church operatively. We have often wished

to second counselor, first counand other literature; fourth, we that our income might have been

would assist each child to secure a double what it was, but today, we college education if he was academisay, unreservedly, 'Thank God we cally inclined, or if not, assist him in have never been cursed with either vocational training so that he could poverty or with riches.'Each one

earn a living and be financially inhas been privileged to exert and to dependent of government or Church assert his full power in bringing relief; fifth, we would strive to have out the native talents and abilities

God has blessed him with."

Emigrants Establish

Winter Quarters in Fort Pueblo

( Concluded from page 485 tory about the movements of the

Church from the leaders themselves.

They planted garden crops and traded their labor for corn which was worth three dollars a bushel.

MIMA MURDOCH BROADBENT On September 1, William Crosby,

John Brown, John D. Holladay, George

selor, and on March 11, 1928, was W. Bankhead, and Daniel Thomas left

sustained as president of the stake Fort Pueblo for the East to bring west in which position he served for their families which they had left in nine years. He was appointed Mississippi that spring. Near the Pawpresident of the North Central nee Fork of the Arkansas River they

States Mission in May 1937 and DAVID A. BROADBENT met Elders John D. Lee and Howard

presided over that mission for three Egan who were traveling westward to and a half years. Upon his release all the boys fill missions for the overtake the Mormon Battalion. From

in 1940 he became a counselor to Church, and we would encourage these brethren the Crosby company rePresident Stephen L. Chipman in and assist all the girls who might be ceived the first reliable information of

the Church, and that the westward the Salt Lake Temple presidency, called to serve as missionaries; and, march had been delayed a year because

serving three and a half years. sixth, we would endeavor to instil of the call for the Battalion.

"Shortly after our marriage on in every child a desire to be married Eightysix men of the Mormon BatMay 1, 1901, in the Manti Temin the temple."talion were invalided at Santa Fe,

ple,"notes President Broadbent, New Mexico,and sent north with the "we prayerfully planned the follow- "Rortyfive years have now passed wives of the men of the Mormon Bating objectives for our family. First, since their program was planned. talion who had been allowed to start

we would welcome and prayerfully Fortyfive years of labor and love the march. This group, under Captain

prepare for the coming of every have gone into the accomplishment Brown and Lieutenant Luddington, arat Fort 17, Pueblo ideals. their November Now, their aspirarived child; each of have would second, we

into quarters. winter and went Captain tions been realized. have birthhis eighth child baptized on Higgins to that had preceded them

day, and we would give him an ac- "Many of our neighbors, who point.

count book for his individual record have had double the income and half These MississippiIllinois Saints and of all receipts and disbursements the number of children, have wonthe invalided members of the Mormon chiefly for the purpose of training dered, 'Where is their pot of gold? Battalion joined in the westward march

him in thrift and industry, and so that We have not been able to send our the following year and were one of the he would fully observe the law of children on missions or to college. first groups to enter the Salt Lake valtithing; third, we would keep each How do they do it?'The answer is ley.

AUGUST 1946 505 OQDcDCPi I pGt&GGD

T Ieard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt

A A Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through ksl and the columbia broadcasting system

By RICHARD L EVANS every Sunday at 1 1:30 a.m. Eastern Daylight Saving Time, 9:30

a.m. Central Standard Time, 8:30 a.m. Mountain Standard Time,

and 7:30 a.m. Pacific Standard Time.

2>wiSion mon 1 isdivisionby bloodamongand parents,love andtherehonoris bound.confusionWhenamongtherechilis

dren.—June 9, 1946. udton.Armona,ren

is in the question of unity of authority and homerPHE Cconcernin9 Coon6eauence5"t is conflict there before conalways and us. When

fusion at home, it is disheartening and discouraging to It is about that time again when another school year is parents and children alike. Where such conflict and left behind, and countless students face the record

confusion do exist, there may be many reasons for it, of their own past efforts, to be graded, and graduated among those more frequently named being the restlessor failed, accordingly. Sometimes, when our performness of war, the impact of socalled modern thinking, ance has not been our best, we may hopefully suppose

the complexity and rush of life, and many other causes, that the record could be forever closed. But there come

all of which must assume their share of the blame for times when we want to go to higher activities, when a weakening of the ways of discipline and a relaxing we need credentials to qualify for further opportunities, of respect for authority. But there is yet another when we need a transcript of credits—and then the

provocative reason that should be frankly faced, and books are opened: there stands the record, and we are

that is this: Sometimes children are not in harmony faced with the consequences of our own doing, for

with the home, because the home is not in harmony better or for worse. If such consequences were always

with itself. Sometimes parents are not of one mind or obvious and immediate, most of us would take our daily

of one purpose. For example, when father is in a performance more seriously. But some of the premiums

lenient mood, mother may be disposed to be strict and penalties for what we do or don't do are not always or vice versa; and, being alert to such situations, freimmediately apparent. Justice and judgment are often

quently children strategically shop between them, seemingly delayed, are sometimes slow and subtle, choosing their time and their purpose. Often these and the false assumption that anyone is cheating and

—merelydifferencesaamongmatterparentsof passingare superficialmood. Butand frequentlytemporary pilinggettingupawayaccountswith toit isbe actuallypaid withmerelycertaintya processat someof

there are basic differences of beliefs and principles, of future time. It doesn't matter whether it is cash or

ideals and objectives. Sometimes father would like to credit, if the sale has been made, the charge is there.

see Johnny grow up one way, and mother would like Sometimes we ignore the factors of health, and because to see him grow up in another way. And, sensing the we feel no immediate permanent effect from some inconflict, Johnny either takes advantage of it or is condulgence or some bad habit, we may think we have

fused by it. It is tragically confusing to children to be "gotten away with it."We may think, because we are

placed in the position of being pulled between two parnot spanked at the moment of our misdeeds, that the ents, in small matters or in large ones. In young and old, spanking has been forgotten. But it hasn't. Nature

much of unrest, much of instability, and much of conand God and conscience and the record of our lives tradiction in conduct can no doubt be traced to situaare inexorable in remembrance, and deliver the consetions where standards and objectives were in doubt, or quences in their own time and in their own way, for where principles were a matter of contention rather "there is a law, irrevocably decreed in heaven... upon

than of solid conviction. It is difficult enough to rear which all blessings are predicated—and when we obchildren to respect authority and to adhere to principles tain any blessing... it is by obedience to that law

when parents are united, but it is desperately difficult upon which it is predicated."(D. & C. 130:20, 21.)

when they are divided. And those young people who This is no mere threat—and it is certainly no more a

plan to take up life together, those who plan making a threat than it is a promise. It is merely the statement

home and rearing a family, would do well to face these of an unfailing truth which we and our children would facts with respect to each other, before it is too late, do well to learn for our happiness and salvation—and

for it is unfair to ask a child to make his choice between the sooner we learn it the greater are our chances for two different sets of rules, both imposed by equal both, for every act of our lives has its consequences, authority, or between two people, to both of whom he desirable or otherwise.—June 2, 1946.

506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

y.y'.y:>?y..y.-'- '::>*X

'Wk

p qjcDcac

t>. "...- -jcSl-. <v,,.-': *-''h,... - >, - v "***&/--i-;.w

ideal conditions, but socalled ideal conditions rarely

Arppmisai of )iu,cce5i come. If the men who have most enriched the world

had waited for ideal conditions before beginning their 'T'here are many in life who seem to discover a formula work, we should have had few inventions, few masterfor success, according to their own time and cirworks, few discoveries. Men have written and painted,

cumstances. Some find it earlier, and some later—and thought and planned, worked and searched, often in

in many different ways, some seemingly with little effort, poverty, sometimes in illness, frequently in unsymand some at great cost. When success, socalled, is pathetic surroundings—and against hunger, against

earned, we cannot help admiring the achievement of discouragement, against misunderstanding. There rarethose to whom it comes—those who by determination ly comes a time in the life of any man when all difficulty,

and against difficulties accomplish what more timid men all distraction, and all annoyance are removed. And

would hesitate to begin or, having begun, would faint there rarely comes a time in the life of any of us when or fail. But, like many desirable things in life, there we cannot find some plausible excuse for not doing

can be too much, even of what we sometimes call success something we could or should be doing. Often people

—especially if it comes too early or too easily—and who intend to be generous wait until they are better

especially if it outruns humility. Indeed, there are able to be generous. But it is surprising how their

those who become so accustomed to success, that their obligations keep pace with their income. Often people

confidence may outstrip their judgment. Tragically also, who intend to write spend a good deal of time sharpenwhen a man becomes too selfassured in success, he ing pencils and clearing desks, waiting for peace and

may sometimes fall into the common error of supposing quiet, waiting for an uninterrupted day, waiting for the that he is selfmade. But no man achieves success alone. mood to move—and for many other things which are The best of artists must have an audience—and a teachideally desirable, but which seldom come all at once.

er. The best of doctors must have those to whom they We often wait for more opportune times to set right

minister, and must have also the experience and knowlin our lives some of the more personal things that need edge and tools of those who have preceded them. And setting right. We wait for convenience, for pride to

there can be no leader without followers. And for life soften: we wait until we think our habits and our apitself, for nurturing care given us in infancy, and for petites will be less demanding, or until our determinathe accumulated knowledge of the ages, including our tion to overcome them will be greater, and so the hours

material and spiritual heritage, we can scarcely take pass, the days pass, the years pass, as does life itself, credit unto ourselves. Of those who would do so it is finding us still nursing our intentions. "... therefore,"

written: "Seest thou a man wise in his own conceit? it is written, "I beseech of you that ye do not procrastithere is more hope of a fool than of him."( Proverbs nate the day of your repentance...."(Alma 34:33.)

26:12.) "And in nothing doth man offend God, or "... if ye believe me, ye will labor while it is called toagainst none is his wrath kindled, save those who day,"(D. & C. 64:25) for the postponement, the putconfess not his hand in all things...."( D. & C. 59: 2 1. ting off, that always waits for supposedly better times

In short, success in life may easily turn sour, unless it and circumstances—that always waits for ideal conlife itself. is kept sweet by the proper mixture of humility, sinditions—is the postponement that steals away

cerity, and gratitude, for no man is successful alone.—June 23, 1946.

—June 16, 1946. ( Continued on page 532

Copyright. 1946.

LJn i/waitina for Ordeal Londitions

It is universally true that we intend doing many things we never get around to doing. There may be many

reasons for this. Sometimes we underestimate

our capacity and hesitate to begin; some

times we overestimate it and clutter our lives with more commitments than we could possibly carry through in all the years that are ours. Sometimes we sit

and wait for supposedly

AUGUST 1946 507....

Where \Jur

"SOLDIERS

{/[/ordkLpea

By GLENN P. HOLMAN 'JHmmm

CAPTAIN, U.S. ARMED FORCES A BASE HOSPITAL CHAPEL SOMEWHERE IN ICELAND

the grim shadow of received their orders to go overseas. chaplain spoke to them briefly, reWhenWorld War II fell over the With sadness tinged with excited calling to their minds the basic founUnited States, the young anticipation, they prepared to leave dations of their faith. They listened

men of the nation marched away to for unknown shores. Late at night, with earnest hearts to his message.

war. Leaving their homes and they loaded on the ships, at some At last they landed—and no matfriends, they responded to their port of embarkation. Silently, the ter where they were, the representacountry's need of them. They took great ships headed out to sea, under tives of the churches were with them.

with them the religion which they total blackout. And the churches The army's eight thousand chaphad learned at home, and in church. followed these men. Every major lains were strategically distributed

They soon found that under the far ship carried its transport chaplain. to serve each unit in the army. Durdifferent circumstances of military Frequently, during the long, dangering the awful battle of Guadalcanal,

life, they needed more than ever the ous crossing, the men were invited chaplains were with the men at all faith in which they had been reared. to attend religious services. Seated times. After the conquest of the isOf course, they could not carry on the deck, they sang to the accomland, the soldiers worshiped in a

the "little church at home"with paniment of a field organ. Then the {Continued on page 522)

them. They missed its warm, friendly atmosphere. At first, the dignified,

slantroofed chapels at the army post seemed strange. The government CHURCH SERVICES

had erected more than five hundred HELDWHICHAT A THEDEPOT of these comfortable little chapels ENGINEER AVIATION throughout the country. It supplied BATTALION

them hymnbooks containing AmeriIN ENGLANDBUILT ca's bestloved hymns, staffed them with chaplains from the major religious bodies of the country, and then invited the soldiers to worship. The

men came, and soon they realized that God was there, too, as he had been in their local church.

Then, one dark day, the soldiers

Left: Captain Lloyd E. Langford conducting outdoor church services for men of an infantry company in North Africa. Right: Chapel at Guadalcanal cemetery.

508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SUMMER'S END NIGHT STORM WHEN DISAPPOINTMENTS COME

By Mabel Jones Gabbott by Pauline Tyson Stephens By Edwin T. Reed

'"Phere is a whisper through the maple Stern Mrs. Storm, with a blackcloud "There is nothing so great... in this life * trees, broom,... as to do right."—Heber J. Grant.

A childlike voice, the soft September wind; Is sweeping the darkened sky.

It pricks the listlessness of August heat; She screams and cracks her lightning whip "LJTow best to fortify the soul

It rustles, sighs—the sound of summer's end. To light her path fullhigh, * * When disappointments come,

It blows away the past month's pressed And clutching the wind, she rams our door To play a selfrespecting role fatigue; Through many a fearful hour, And keep resentments dumb

It quickens pulses, frayed with foolish fears; Until exhausted at last she lies, Our patriarchs have shown the way.

It laughs a little, gay, caressingly, Stripped of her strength and power. As clear and plain as light:

And somehow puffs away the piledup Consult your conscience day by day years. And do the thing that's right.

Then, swift and sure the memories return:

lagging with to school going backOf roasts, harvest and corn games, step, YOUR WORDS ThoughAnd thosefortuneyou striplovedyouare oflost;your wealth,Of football

toil to health, a foe moons, seem may By Elaine V. Emans Though

cost; the not of a yellow oak leaf pressed and kept. worth And life,And

T/'nowing the potency of words, and some One sanctuary greets you still

So summer slips away on autumn's breeze, *- Of their deep colorings, and shadings, To save your soul from blight,

As sweet September whispers through the too, A beacon on a heavenkissed hill:

trees. And that a few are like old rocks, become You have been doing right.

Smooth under water, and that some are new,

And others jagged, knowing that the sound A higher power enfolds your heart,

i release, IN and faith Gives hope MOONLIGHT THE HAYCOCKS thunder words from a clap of can vary Of 1 assailants takes part Against your of bordering silence,—having found To E. V. Griffith By spirit peace. brings your And featherylight are gay, and words Some

T'he dusk seeped softly in. The molten while under A deep conviction fortified

Savior's martyrdom; The others, hearts are Yet weighted down * sun

right in his truth abide and inDo deed, half an hour ago, slipped down theHad, disappointments come. When their their having heard music and And hill.

The murmuring pine trees watched the small moan, boy run I find more lovely comfort than I need

Out through the gate along the path until Or can take in at once, hearing your own:

is to precious shared have "All we me the sleeping field where all dayHe reached well ANCESTRAL HOME tell."the to of any Beyond power words long

He'd shocked the hay. He caught the loveBy Lalia Mitchell Thornton

ly smell Of blackening heads of clover, felt the T Ie built a house wherein to dwell, strong—* That ancestor of mine; Breeze grow as soft as fur. He could not tell MEADOW TREASURE And there was strength in every beam

line. in every And graceJust why, but when the white moon bloomed By Bertha R. Hudelson

it in, little with thought He roofed and hung

Like some great flower in the amazing night, Waist high, the rippling meadow grass, Of all the days to come,

A lump caught in his throat. Sheer beauty Caressed by slanting rain and sun, And yet with patient care he wrought

stung Conceals a treasure, heavensent; Each mortise firm and plumb.

fourth in the deed, line I holdHis youthful heart. The shimmering silver A nest—with new life just begun. Now

I be, though Unworthy light Fell on the slumbering cocks of hay, and These living sparks fulfil a plan And with the house I take the creed stirred O storms, be kind! Harm, pass them by That he bequeathed to me.

His very soul, and held him silent there. For here God's thought is born: frail larks

His lifting mind soared upward like a bird To fling bright songs against the sky!

And hung suspended in the moondrenched

Whenair.he stole softly back to where the EMPIRE BUILDER

place Called home was waiting for him, none CHOICE By Milo C. Wiltbank

could see looked sheer beauty in the face he had That By Grace M. Candland Old wagon wheel, you've had your day;

And had grown up. He knew that he could T Tow wise and fair was that great plan A changing world put you away,

be * * evolved The noisy monsters of power and steel,

A something great. He had known beauty's In counsel when the earth in form was void; Have taken your place, old wagon wheel.

sting, When man of his own will and choice reNot present in the glowering sun at noon. solved Oh, lie you there, all wrapped with wire.

Maybe... perhaps he could make lovely To come to earth forgetting all his past but With rotting fellies and rusting tire,

things buoyed Your spokes all wrapped with old rawhide,

Like sleeping haycocks silvered by the moon. With that eternal promise of return Your axle grease all caked and dried.

Unto his Father's house. The journey's end

Uncertain, and from good and evil learn Just wood and metal, without a soul,

THEIR ADVANTAGE Which one was best to fall or to ascend AllOh, youironboundknew waswheel,to squeakso big andand round,roll,

By Lucretia Penny The stair of light that leads him on and on Your only voice, a squeaking sound.

To whence he came experienced and wise moderns use the dictaphone. And pure of heart, and ready now to don You blazed the trails; you marked the wayWEThe ancients chiseled words on stone. The robes of his reward in paradise. O'er mountain slope and sand and clay;

We're more at ease when we dictate No suffering for the sins by others sown Your fame and glory, no one can steal;

But not so sure our words have weight. But just and certain reaping of his own. You built the wist, old wagon wheel.

AUGUST 1946 509

uredjVlwes On Pueblo Monument from four of the Salt Lake City stakes, of the Latterday Saint Hospital at Salt

President George Albert Smith under the direction of N. Lorenzo Lake City.

selecduets and by deacons, to for Mitchell, journeyed Pueblo, Colorado, tions from of School the McCune MuSouth Idaho Falls Stakethe 11, of unveiling on an imposing July monument commemorating the founding sic symphony orchestra under the di- /Cecil E. Hart, former second counof Pueblo in August 1846, by a comrection of Dr. Frank W. Asper. selor of the Idaho Falls Stake, was

president Idaho of the South named ofpany emigrants from MisMormon Palo Alto Stake 30, Falls Stake, created June as it was Illinois.sissippi and to He continued

Independence, Missouri, and Omaha, Oalo Alto Stake, one hundred fiftyfrom parts of the Idaho Falls Stake.

Nebraska, and then started west over sixth unit of the Church, was organPresident Hart's counselors are LaRue the "Old Mormon Trail,"arriving in ized June 23, from portions of the San H. Merrill and Reed Blatter.

Salt Lake City on Pioneer Day, July 24. Francisco Stake with Claude B. PeterWilliam Grant Ovard succeeded

(See page 485.) sen as stake president and George C. President John M. Homer, as head of

Schiess and Henry C. Jorgensen as his the Idaho Falls Stake. President HomDedication counselors. President Petersen had er had been a member of the stake presPolder Ezra Taft Benson of the been president of the San Francisco idency for eleven years, serving the last

Council of the Twelve and presiStake and President Schiess his counsix years as president. D. William Cook

dent of the European Mission dedicated selor in that presidency. President was sustained as first, and Oscar W.

the chapel of the Basel Branch, Swiss Jorgensen had been a member of the Johnson was sustained as second counMission, April 21, Easter Sunday, as high council. selors to President Ovard. President

he attended the first missionwide conThe Palo Alto Stake is composed of A. W. Schwieder retired as first counference of the Swiss Mission held since the Burlingame, San Mateo, Redwood selor in the stake presidency and was

the war. City, Palo Alto, and San Jose wards sustained as president of the high

and the Naglee Park and Willow Glen priests'quorum.

Kimball Portrait branches. The South Idaho Falls Stake, one

ee Greene Richards, Salt Lake por- J. Bryon Barton was sustained as hundred fiftyseventh in the roll call of

trait painter, has recently completed president of the San Francisco Stake stakes, has 3,500 members in the Idaho a portrait of Elder Spencer W. Kimball which now includes the Balboa, MisFalls Third, Sixth, and the Ammon

of the Council of the Twelve, which sion, Sunset, and San Francisco wards. wards. Remaining in the Idaho Falls

will be hung with the other portraits on His counselors are Serge Lauper and Stake are the Idaho Falls Second, Fifth, the fourth floor of the Salt Lake TemThiel Collet as counselors. President and the Lincoln and Iona wards, with

ple. The collection is now complete exBarton was a member of the San Fran- a membership of 4,000. It is expected

cept for the portrait of Elder Matthew cisco Stake high council, and President that new wards are to be created in both

Cowley of the Council of the Twelve, Lauper was a member of the old stake stakes.

which is yet to be painted. presidency. The reorganization was under the

Tahiti Mission The changes were effected by Elder directionthe Councilof Elderof theMarkTwelveE. Petersenand Elderof Mark E. Petersen of the Council of the"pRANKLiN J. Fullmer, president of Thomas E. McKay, assistant to the

the Tahiti Mission from 1911 tc Twelve and Elder Clifford E. Young, Council of the Twelve.

1914, and Alma G. Burton, who preassistant to the Council of the Twelve.

sided over that mission from 1926 to Church Hospitals Berkeley Institute 1929, left Salt Lake City in May for a A fourstory home has been pursuperin- former Jenkins, Howard chased Street, Leconte at 2368 inspection Misof the Tahititour of tendent of the Dr. Groves Berkeley, California, W. H. to be converted the J *sion, from special assignment on

First Presidency. They will report on Latterday Saint Hospital, has been into an Institute of Religion for Latterproposed sites for mission headquarters named coordinator of Church hospitals day Saint students attending the Uniand other Church buildings. as the Church hospital administration versity of California. Latterday Saint

was reorganized. students now have a Deseret Club

Aaronic Priesthood Restoration Church hospitals now include the Dr. functioning which will give way to the

/Commemorating the 117th anniver- W. H. Groves Latterday Saint HosInstitute. This will be the fourteenth

sary of the restoration of the Aaronpital at Salt Lake City; the Cottonwood Latterday Saint Institute of Religion

ic Priesthood, four thousand boys and Stake Maternity Hospital at Murray, others are located in Utah, Idaho, their friends attended a special meetUtah; the Primary Children's Hospital Wyoming, Arizona, California, and

ing in the Salt Lake Tabernacle May at Salt Lake City; the Thomas D. Dee Hawaii.

15. Memorial Hospital at Ogden, Utah; the

Speakers were President J. Reuben Star Valley Hospital at Afton, WyoBook of Mormon

Clark, Jr., Presiding Bishop LeGrand ming; the Latterday Saint Hospital at HPhe Book of Mormon has been seRichards, and Captain Walter T. StewIdaho Falls, Idaho; and hospitals at lected by the Grolier Club as one

art, onetime pilot of the American warRoosevelt, Utah, and Panguitch, Utah. of the hundred books published before

plane, Utah Man. Captain Stewart is Plans for two others are now under 1900 most to influence American life.

now a resident of Reno, Nevada, where way, one at Fillmore, Utah, and the Other books named to the list included he is in Aaronic Priesthood activity. other at Mt. Pleasant, Utah. Benjamin Franklin's Almanac for 1758;

Music was furnished by a chorus of Clarence E. Wonnacott has sucThomas Paine's Common Sense; The

approximately two hundred fifty boys ceeded Elder Jenkins as superintendent Monroe Doctrine; William McGuffey's

510 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Eclectic First Reader; Lincoln's a mission in the British Isles he finished selors. The stake membership is now

Gettysburg Address; Louisa May Alhis studies by night attendance at 4,507.

cott's Little Women; Mary Baker EdGeorge Washington University and Elders Stephen L Richards and John

dy's Science and Health; and Mark became a tax expert in Washington. A. Widtsoe of the Council of the

Twain's Tom Sawyer. First editions Then it was aluminum and finally autoTwelve supervised the changes.

of the hundred selections were on mobiles that took his attention. Detroit Welfare Farm

exhibition at the Grolier Club, 47 East seems well pleased with our President

Sixtieth Street, New York City, until Romney. Can Jose Ward and the Willow Glen

Fortyfour years agoJune 15. the Mrs. Keber J. Grant fornia,andhaveNagleepurchasedPark branches,a tenacre CalifarmGrolier Club of "One made a selection

Hundred Books Famous in English Augusta Winters Grant, widow in the Santa Clara Valley. The land is

Literature"which is often quoted. of President Heber J. Grant, quietplanted in apricots, prunes, walnuts,

ly passed her ninetieth birthday July 7, and grapes. As soon as materials are

First Council Secretary among her family and close friends. available a modern cannery will be built

p\EAN Merrill McDonald has been Had he lived, the President would have on the farm.

appointed as secretary of the First been ninety this coming November 23.

Council of the Seventy, succeeding East Rigby Stake New Wards

Arnold Dee White who is now serving Riverside Ward of the Riverside Stake the Melchizedek Priesthood committee. "Past Rigby Stake has been formed has been created from portions of the

Elder McDonald is a former Califorfrom parts of the Rigby and the Salt Lake City Twentyeighth and Twentynia missionary, and a former army air North Idaho Falls stakes in Idaho. The ninth Wards, with James H. Budd as

bishop. is officered stake President by new pilot.corps Stake, Bernardino San Fontana Ward, first Ririe, formerly counsel- E. James

the of the branch from organized has beenGeorge Romney in the Stake, or E. Rigby Leonard and has been B. Thorup name. same JamesPresident George Romney of the formerly in second counselor Graham, bishop. as sustained

Detroit East Branch of the Norththe Rigby Stake, and Henry Stanley ern States Mission, was secretary of Lee as counselors. It is comprised of the Missionaries Released

Detroit's Golden Jubilee Committee Clark, Garfield, Labelle, Lorenzo, PaliJune that planned the festival held this year sade, Rigby Second, Rigby Third, and California: Violet Keller, Pocatello, Idacelebrating the fiftieth year of the autoRirie wards, taken from the Rigby ho.

mobile. During the war President RomStake, and Milo and Shelton wards, Central States: Daniel Raymond Merrill,

Utah. Murray, director as servedney managing Falls of the taken from Idaho the North

States East Central Thorley Jen-: Marva for Council ProducAutomotive Stake. stake War is 4,166 membership The

sen, City, Utah. Brighamtion, the as clearinghouse served which fiftyeighth for the stake one hundred

States: Bair, GlenEastern Clyde Jay secrets thefor production manuamong the of Church. Springs, Colorado/; Grace wood Martha

facturers of that industry. Remaining in the Rigby Stake are the Nelson, Tucson, Arizona.

In a recent issue of The Detroit News Annis, Lewisville, Grant, Menan, RigNew Zealand: Matthew Cowley, Salt

President Romney is described as "a by First, Figby Fourth, and Roberts Lake City; Elva Taylor Cowley, Salt Lake

descendant of those sturdy Mormon wards, all from the old Rigby Stake, City.

pioneers driven from place to place in and the Terreton Ward and the HarNorthern California: Elva Margaret

the United States because of religious mer and DuBois branches, taken from Davis, Salt Lake City.

prejudice. His father and his family the North Idaho Falls Stake. President Southern States: Sam Cockayne, Salt

took refuge in Mexico, and in 1907 George Christenson was retained as Lake City; John Reed Parrish, Farmington,

born."Later his familyGeorge president stake was and chose William T. Utah. TexaS'Louisiana: Byington, Leon Nelson

filling from After Mexico. Berrettwere driven Poulsen and Alden as counLuella Wendell, Idaho; Bertha Bying- W.

ton, Wendell, Idaho.

Western Canadian: George Cleon Fox,

Circleville, Utah; Iva Adell Harrison Fox,

Circleville, Utah.

WEST Excommunications LAYTON WARD Bertie Adonia Ficklin Arceneaux, born

WELFARE January 22, 1904. Excommunicated June 6.

ACTIVITIES 1946, in Gonzales Branch, TexasLouisiana

Mission.

Peter Johann Bertram, born May 9, 1876, elder. Excommunicated June 9, 1946, in

Milwaukee Ward, Chicago Stake.

Lucille Lundy Langford, born May 7, 1914. Excommunicated June 10, 1946, in

Hiawatha Ward, Carbon Stake.

Farris B. Soly Stephens, born February

12, 1911. Excommunicated June 10, 1946,

in Gonzales Branch, TexasLouisiana Mission.

Millard John Tonsor, Sr., born November

3, 1894, elder. Excommunicated June 9,

.....;;::; 1946, in Milwaukee Ward, Chicago Stake.

Fossie Almedia Ficklin Vallar, born May first counselor call of bishopric the the of "Let's C. Layton, by Harold Layton get West going"and To 18, 1908. 1946, in Excommunicated June 6,

trucks, tractors, shovels out thirty horses, director, forks with at turned workward and armed men Branch, Mission. TexasLouisiana the Gonzales recently, half fertilized, within plowed, a in hours Talbot and Layton two of and Taletha Mrs. West home

harrowedand four acres of ground in preparation for planting beets as this ward's part in the Church Sophia Wilhelmina Carstens Van Ry, program. welfare

Six teams, four fertilizer machines, four trucks, four tractors, and numerous shovels and forks were born February 19, 1886. Excommunicated

is assisted directing workers. in volunteer action put into used Brother Layton and by the 13, 1946, in Fairmont Ward, Granite this work by May

director. Kilfoyle, are assistant beets the ditching planted The completed. work andReuben now

Stake. of bishopric these the splendid is very have proud done. workall Layton men The West

AUGUST 1946 511 examples they were converting others to an acceptance of the gospel. Many baptisms followed gospel Editorials conversations in many battle sectors.

Some of these young men and others who have \ Jn cJLivina Mwau from, Jvcowe been converted have become imbued with the idea of gathering to Zion, that is, of moving to a place

An inconspicuous item among the numerous and where there are a great number of Saints living significant statistics periodically released by the together, so that they may partake more fully of

F.B.I, is the following: the spirit of the gospel. What do they find when

they gather with them? They find many things

fingerprinted, 56.8 perarrested total the persons and Of Saints Latterday sincerity of the to admire. The

birth. of outside state (Uniform of their arrested cent were

is diligence is another instantly. Their recognized Its Possessions, /or States the United Reports and Crime

Volume XVI, Number 1, p. 2.) admirable quality. Unfortunately, however, there

are some things that Latterday Saints have negWhatever the reasons and whatever the interlected to watch. One of the main criticisms lies

pretation of the above fact and figure, the item in justly in our lack of reverence for the chapels in question serves to invite our attention again to our which we hope to partake of the spirit of the Lord.

responsibility for our young people when they are This lack of reverence is indicated in several ways.

away, as well as when they are at home. It is not Some of them are so obvious and so lacking in

good for anyone, young or old, to live under congrace that we really wonder why we have not ditions in which he feels no responsibility to anythought of them before, or, if having thought of one; and, when the members of our families leave them, have done nothing about correcting them.

their elsewhere, residence take up home to for One of the most disastrous criticisms is our lack purpose, for whatever school or we should or work see that they are properly accountable to some reof order. No Latterday Saint believes in form for

recogSaint Latterday of form, the sake but every that see further should person; sponsible and we

if enter of the the spirit that Lord is to and of nizes the nearest in branch with touch they are placed there his chapel, be order. Jesus must remain in the Church, and should notify that branch of their

emphatically, is a house house stated himself "My coming. of order."Surely, during the hours when we are

And then beyond this, we have an obligation to in Church, we can forego unnecessary conversakeep in touch with them constantly by frequent tion in order to partake of a spiritual sustenance letter, certainly, and by all other means possible. which will keep us throughout the succeeding week.

Living under conditions under which one feels Another increasingly bad fault, indicating our no responsibility to a family or a home, and no lack of reverence, is that of chewing gum in Church.

reason to account for his time or his actions, his Many people throughout the world have dubbed goings or his comings, tends to encourage carethe United States a nation of gum chewers. Cerlessness, timewasting, indifference, and other tainly, if gum is to be chewed, it should not be

hazards. chewed in Church. Nothing could be less inspiring

Distance does not relieve us of our responsibility to a speaker than to face an audience, as he frefor the welfare of those for whom we have a legal quently must, where many of the members are or a moral responsibility. May we never let the chewing gum. Nothing could impress a visitor more

ties that keep our young people attached to home with our seeming lack of culture than to have him be slackened to that point where they feel that they come to our Church and watch many in the audience no longer are accountable for how they live or chewing gum. Gum chewing does not add to the

what they do. To keep ever close to home in attractiveness of anyone's face. Surely, deacons

thought and in spirit is a great factor of safety who pass the sacrament, passing the sacred and of satisfaction. R. L. E. emblems of Christ's sacrifice for us, should think

more of their office in the priesthood than to chew in \JvirMto(A5e5 o oririLLf There are other things that can be watched in &evemnce gum as they move through the chapel.

"Cor unto whomsoever much is given, of him shall order that we may more fully partake of the spirit spirit while the of Lord the the we occasion of and folhis told Savior our expected,"be much attractive adeour his Church, and attend With is It that truth should ago. centuries lowers many

to than chapels, should more do do quate we we Latterlive today. its for us force To lose who not

spirit to invite the for respect them indicate and our of in the given way much been Saints has day in them. to remain of the Lord

life complete happier, living more a for direction so that we have no excuse for not living correctly. We believe that the Lord wishes his people to

During the war, reports came time and time indicate in every way that they are a refined people again, as to how well our young servicemen and because they have been privileged to receive the women in the various countries of the world were restored gospel which is a refining influence. living their religion, of how by the force of their—M. C. /.

512 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Joseph Smith, the Prophet, was an intelligent boy.

He had little or no formal schooling. Schools were Evidences and not plentiful in those days; and he was needed at

home to help support the family. Nevertheless, as

he grew in years, he learned to read very well. He reconciliations perused the literature of the day, such as it was;

and gave special attention to the Bible until he was

it.* disHis friend and

Pratt, the speaking of CVli What rv fanner of i5ou and ableciple toofquotelater largeyears,partsOrsonof

Prophet as a boy and youth, wrote that as a boy bjoutn \J\Ja5 /Joseph Jmitk r Joseph "could read without much difficulty, and write a very imperfect hand; and had a very limited

Tn his early boyhood, Joseph Smith suffered a very understanding of the ground rules of arithmetic."1

serious leg infection. The bone had been injured Despite such limited school training, he later gained

to such a degree that the doctors recommended the much learning, and did remarkable work among amputation of the leg between the knee and the men. Even the bitterest enemy has had to admit

ankle. At the earnest request of the parents, the that Joseph Smith was possessed of high mental

doctors made another attempt to cure the malady gifts.

by scraping the bone. In those days of no anesthetThe first vision of the lad, when he was between

ics this was a most painful operation. fourteen and fifteen years of age, and perhaps other

The mother relates that Joseph refused to be early visions, influenced notably the years of his bound to the bedstead, as was the custom when adolescence. Otherwise he followed the usual

such painful operations were to be performed. He course of growth. He admits of youthful minor

also refused to drink the brandy which the doctor indiscretions.

thought might help the boy withstand the pain.

No one need suppose me guilty of any great or malignant "No,"exclaimed Joseph, "I will not touch one particle of sins. A disposition to commit such was never in my nature.

liquor, neither will I be tied down; but I will tell you what But I was guilty of levity, and sometimes associated with

that consistent character with etc., not company, which father will sit on the bed and hold I will me jovial have my do—I

called ought to be maintained as was by one who of God I will to have is necessary then in do whatever and his arms, the bone taken out."Looking at me, he said, "Mother, I I had been.*

want you to leave the room, for I know you cannot bear to see me suffer so; father can stand it, but you have carried me There was no question in the minds of the family

truthfulness. Joseph's him knew so much, and watched over me so long, you are almost worn—who best—about

1 relates Smith out."Mother Smith family would how the

gather of evenings to hear the coming Prophet tell

The operation, though intensely painful to the of the spiritual visitations he had had. She says:

lad, proved to be successful.

There is a heroic quality in this story. It seems We were now confirmed in the opinion that God was about

to foreshadow the courage that led the boy a few to bring to light something... that would give us a more

years later to seek, independently of the views of perfecttion of theknowledgehuman family.of the planThis ofcausedsalvationus greatlyand theto redemprejoice,

others, the true Church of Christ. It revealed also the sweetest union and happiness pervaded our house, and

the tender heart, filled with love, which was manitranquility reigned in our midst. 7

fested in his dealings with all men.

Such is the earliest record of Joseph's childhood. Joseph's brother, William, confirmed Joseph's

truthfulness. said: He household. Family prayin a Christian up grew He

implicit confidence in what he said. most and We all had the held in the home. 2 Honesty ers always were

believed him, and a truthful boy. Father Mother He was family part things of the for sacred were respect

I told the children? suppose if he crooked should had not why the Tucker, one who knew life. Pomeroy things family stories his other doubted might have about word we

personally, but did not accept the Prophet's claims, about the plates, but Joseph was a truthful boy. That Faspoke of the honesty of the family: ther and Mother believed him, and suffered persecution for

that belief shows he was truthful. No, sir, we never doubted

At Palmyra, Mr. Smith, Sr., opened a "cake and beer his word for one minute.8

shop"as described by his signboard, doing business on a small scale, by the profits of which, added to the earnings The first vision of Joseph Smith held to be merely his elder himself hire and by day's work on occasional of an little ridicule than more fantasy, lad's caused a understood people, farming he was village the and for sons, 3 attenpaid of it and the knew who few who among family. for living himself and honest but a scanty to secure

tion to it. But when later he told of plates actually

Such was the household in which Joseph Smith, seen and possessed by him, followed by the publicaJr., the Prophet, was nurtured. It was a very humtion of the Book of Mormon, the devil broke loose

ble life, of daily, hard work, but of an upward look in veritable fury. His kingdom of evil was to be

towards the things of heaven. invaded! (Continued on page 542)

edition); ilbid., 17 (1902 p. Joseph, Prophet iLucy Smith, pp. 6063 History of the

Visions, Pratt, Remarkable edition) (1945 p. 57 5Orson6 20. Price, p. 50, Pearl of No. 28p. 1 (1839) January Deseret Great of the Prophet, brother News, Smith, 2William

1894, p. 11 7Lucy Smith, op. cit.. p. 84 (1902 edition); pp. 82, 83 (1945 edition)

3Pomeroy Tucker, Origin, Rise and Progress of Mormonism, p. 12 8Deseret News, January 20, 1894, p. 11

AUGUST 1946 513 A LOOK. INTO TH

AT GHAM YOUNG JhsL tfkuAck. lAniveAiJjtifjiL. howim

Long Range Planning has been made by the Board Immediate Construction of presentlyneeded facilities of Trustees for the continued development of Brigham will provide for the rapidly growing student body.

Young University as the cornerstone of the educaThese facilities include permanent residence halls, tional structure of the Church. The architect's drawthe physical science building, and a central heating

ing below shows the integrated plan for expansion plant and other utilities for the federal housing projof the campus during the next quarter century. ect now being erected for veterans and their families.

KEY TO CAMPUS PLAN

EXISTING: PROPOSED:

1. Maeser 2. Building. 6.S. ResidenceVeterans'HousingHalls Area 10.9. EnlargedGymnasiumStadium Grant Library

3. Brimhall Building 7. Physical Science Building 11. Student Union

4. Joseph Smith Building 8. Field House

514 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IRE UNIVERSITY (ptepiaAJL J&l IfoWL J'ldwuL

Build the foundation now for your future in tomorrow's challenging world by studying at Brigham Young University. High educational standards plus the

allimportant spiritual values are combined here in a university that is unique among all colleges of the land. Here, too, are brought together in the finest

possible associations young men and women from literally all parts of the

Church.

Colleges of

APPLIED SCIENCE

ARTS and SCIENCES COMMERCE EDUCATION FINE ARTS

Graduate School

Research Division

Division of Religion

dudbumn. Quxvdsuv (Dal&A,:

Counseling and Registration for Freshmen and Sophomores entering B.Y.U. the first time:

4-day period beginning September 25

Registration for all other Students: September 30

in the seventyfirst academic year at

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PROVO -: - UTAH

AUGUST 1946 515 EATSAS MAN owuvm DRINKS AND We believe that, in large measure, as a man eats and drinks, so is he. For food, nature has

of the us fruits sun given and AN ACTOR FOR soil. treaspriceless are These Jlour Jn to of health ures, conducive

body and mind. Besides these, By J. C. Baker

we need no stimulants.

Yo,u who agree, will be interested in a delicious drink that a "\T7hat's this new 'stunt'your Jean Wood responded. "How did

is grain from and fruit. made family enjoys so much?"Mrs. you get started?"this delightful, wholesome And

beverage contains no caffeine, Wood asked her old schoolmate. "There are five of us, you knowk

other stimulants, or narcotics. "The last time my David spent the including Bill senior and me; though

to millions is known FICGO of evening with your Billy, he came three or even two people can pleasthink sanely about people who food and drink. It is made of home chuckling, 'Boy, did we have urably read a play with six or eight

"treeripened roasted barley and characters.".

figs. It is California a boon to fun!*

noncoffee drinkers who admitMolly Ray smiled. "We read "By each reading two or more

rightly, enjoy tedly, and a plays librarystyle, and that was roles?"Mrs. Wood asked. their hot drink with wholesome

meals. Wholesome FICGO can what he referred to, I'm sure. We Molly Ray nodded. "We began

recommended be freely as a were short, plays doing She Stoops to Conquer with simple because of drink healthful for the whole then."then. Dotty; she family. was seven The

"'Librarystyle'? How's that first play I found in a story paper for

H. BALLIF, LEONARD President done?"children. Neither Dotty nor the other California Ficgo Company

Los Angeles, California plays—maybe"Many peopledramatizingdelight in readingthem a twoing; wereworseverystill,accuratethey weren'tin their readespe- bit—but they lack time, place, or incially enthusiastic about it."

clination to memorize and stage "How do you get enough copies.

them."to read from?"

"I've felt that impulse myself,"

HANDWRITING on the take"Wetheborrowsame frommagazine.personsExtrawho

WALL"copiesobtainedof thefromclassicsthe schoolcan usuallyor publicbe "The gospel of ibrary. With modern plays we often

Jesus Christ teaches peace, universal peace."—Dr. Widtsoe

MAN AND THE DRAGON, by Dr.

lohn A. Widtsoe—a stirring appeal

to live the gospel. You will enjoy

Dr. Widtsoe's downto-earth application of the gospel to problems of

today. A book for every home.

$2.00.BDOKCRAFT- - FILL OUT AND MAIL - - -

BOOKCRAFT 1186 So. Main, Salt Lake City 4, Utah

Please send the books checked below:

Man and the Dragon $2.00

Dr. John A. Widtsoe

Theirs Is the Kingdom $2.00

Wendell J. Ashton

G MinuteCompiledSermonsby Albert L. Zobell, Jr. $1.00

Discourses of Wilford Woodruff....$2.50 J'H'SVANf *)(*

Compiled by Dr. G. Homer Durham

Payment enclosed. Send C.O.D.

D Send your latest book list.

Name -

rtUUIt?bfc>Address

516 fm IMPROVEMENT ERA,. A

buy enough copies; one for each two "How do you avoid slowing up

readers will do. When you consider the group reading?"

how many evenings'entertainment "Each is required to read his lines we get from a single play, the cost at least once beforehand, so he can little."the be and words pronounceseems quick........ his cues. with Often on the uptake you ever reread the same "Do

play?"the children have read theirs a dozen

It's times. amazing more how specialoc- or "Often—particularly their reading rate of silent and theircasion ones, like the dramatization

of The Christmas Carol,''Mrs. Ray comprehension have increased along

said. with their improvement in oral readricher, more flavorful

ing. Their poise has improved, too."

select plays, so as you do "How "Domit you always sit when readwMDarkeesto objectionable those with avoid mg?

language or too sophisticated situa- "Oh, no. Whenever anyone feels Margarine!tions?"like it, he strides across the room,

"My husband and I customarily gesturing as if on a real stage. SomeenjoyWant youreveryfamilylast morseland guestsof yourto

look them over first, though the chiltimes we all do. As David told you, cookies?richness useThenDurkee'sfor flavorMargaand

dren's taste is being so formed, they it's great fun. You should try it."rine. Durkee's is so mild, so

see vulgarity and profanity are usu- "We surely will,"Mrs. Wood sweet,Smoothsoandcountryfreshperfectly blended,in flavor.

ally substitutes for clever ideas."promised. "Tonight."too. No wonder youngsters love

it on bread—good cooks prefer

Durkee's for cooking, baking,

rine is value as famous for food as FOOD HIGHER NOW THAN IN 1919 frying!well This top quality margaIt's enriched economy.

T17ashington, D.C., housewives paid wife pays about seventyfive cents in with Vitamin A.

more for their food in May 1946 consumer subsidies for the nineteen than they did in May 1919, during the "market basket"items. This is added

inflationary period following World to the family's income tax bill. There

War I, a recent study has shown. were no subsidies in 1919. Counting % * 'c*

The survey showed that in May 1919 subsidies, the 1946 market basket costs a Washington housewife could buy $6.6332—which is fifteen percent more

nineteen typical "market basket"items than 1919.

for a total of $5.74. In May 1946 idenAll prices for May 1919 are from a-:

tical quantities of the same items (if she Washington newspaper advertisements. v>

could find them) cost her $5.90, not Prices for May 1946 are from newscounting subsidies. paper advertisements except in the case

In addition to the prices marked on of those items too scarce to be adverthe groceries, however, the 1946 housetised.

..(,-sMaf Price Price Total Price erV2 c 'pUr UlaMi*Commodity Unit May 1919 May 1946 Subsidy May 1946

d gether mouses-.. 1 lb. steak 41 9.1 49.1Round 40 i{tto l ><syruP we 35- ]bs. roastRib or 48 12.0 60 /t'X..AV2 saU t. sP>akl0gLedients rine ro-i*tur UtsP-

.. 1 lb. 41 6.0Pork chops 38 44

.. 1 lb. 8.5 54.5 ooWder. <\ fixture, a ft 37 46Ham

.. 1 lb. 6.8 50 42 48.8Bacon 4 >

lb. 32.5 nottbft.tbjo **?kiefcgsheetButter 9.8 27 36.8 Bake to, - Vz b*

baste milk-. oz. 1.4 14 10 11.4 00Evaporated oven can 14 J/! f C!e C350jlrbiscookies. lD 48

... qts. 5 62.5 6.5Fresh milk....... 75 81.5, ttCb odeSkesbe varied **may Sp otl, 1 doz. 48 47 47Eggs purkee,t->ini. i,: recipe.—.favorite*",lrtVeS n

Bread.. 4 loaves 28 36 4.0 40

Flour... 4 lbs. 24.8 22 3.5 25.5

Oranges 1 doz. 55 46 46 pie Spice.

Onions.. 1 lb. 7.0 9 9

Green beans.. 1 lb. 15 21 21

Sweet potatoes.. 1 lb. 12 12 12

Cabbage...llbs. 12 11 11

Potatoes... 5 lbs. 14 23 23Corn (No. 2 can).. 1 12 14 0.9 14.9 D&

Sugar:.3y2 ibs. 32.9 23 4.9 27.9

$5.74 $5.90 73.4 $6.63

advertisements D.C., prices from 1919 in Washington, newspapers. May May 1946 Conn*? rresf'

ceiling advertisements pricesprices or O.P.A. newspaper from Washington for group

4 stores.

AUGUST 1946 517 2 tablespoons shortening 1 /3 to Yi cup milk CoofoCorner 1 meltedtablespoonmargarinegrated orange rind 2 tablespoons sugar Josephine B. Nichols

Sift together dry ingredients. Cut

soft a to milk make shortening. in Add eve- a summer porch on the on upper C floured lightly out on dough. Turn swim. cool as a refreshing is as ning minone-half gently knead and board sunripened and vegetables Colorful in inches ten circle to ute. out Roll cold meat of platter a only fruits need margarine melted with Brush diameter. hot freshly baked of basket a cuts and sugar and orange sprinkle with and easyto- delightful out to round bread pieshaped six in equal mixture. Cut

prepare meals. wedges. Roll up, beginning at wide

end. Place in greased threeinch muffin

Porch Supper pans with point of roll underneath and

Platter of Sliced Luncheon Meats with curling roll to fit muffin cup. Bake in

Deviled Eggs hot oven (425 F.) fifteen minutes.

Mixed Green Salad Tomato Wedges Ctab, Tuna, or Shrimp Salad

Square Corn Muffins 2 cups flaked fish meat

Sliced Peaches and Cream 1 cup diced cucumber

Beverage Y> cup chopped celery 3 hardcooked eggs, quartered Square Corn Muffins 34 teaspoon salt 1 cup sifted flour juice of one lemon teaspoons baking powder mayonnaise salt teaspoon lemon ingredients except Combine 1 -2 teaspoon juice and with lemon Sprinkle dry mustard juice.

1 egg, beaten moisten with mayonnaise. Chill and

1 tablespoon melted fat serve on crisp lettuce. Garnish with

tomato and avocado wedges. Share Y2Yi cupcup drainedmilk whole kernel corn

powder, baking flour, together Sift flour enriched sifted cup 1 Y2 milk, egg, Combine mustard. salt and baking powder teaspoons 3A MEAl34 cup chopped green pepper Blueberry Cake Squares to pepper. Add green corn, and fat, salt teaspoon Yi flour only stirring when mixture, flour shortening cup J4 muffin pans Fill greased is moistened. sugar Save cup Yi F.) (425 oven in hot full. Bake

1 Yz egg, beaten twenty to twentyfive minutes. Y2 cup milk

1 pint blueberries or blackberries

Spaghetti Bunny Lunch ingredients. Cream Sift together dry

until fluffy. sugar AddA LIFE! 4 oz. spaghetti shortening and

This Message Contributed 3 quarts boiling water egg and mix well. Add flour mixture to

By the Hotel Utah in Cooperation 1 tablespoon salt creamed mixture alternately with milk.

pepper green chopped cup of greased in berries bottom Place With the President's Famine 34 celery chopped cup 34 batter pan eightinch and spread square

Emergency Committee 2 tablespoons chopped pimiento over them. Bake in oven at 375 F.

1 y2 cups medium white sauce about thirty minutes. To serve, cut in

J/2 teaspoon salt squares. Serve with cream or top with

3 hard cooked eggs ice cream.

1 cup cooked cut string beans Y2 cup grated American cheese Add salt to boiling water. Add spaBROWN STUDY

ghetti; cook until tender. Drain. While

spaghetti is cooking combine green By Cora Madeline Igou pepper, celery, pimiento, white sauce, I don't get these big folks;

salt, and eggs. Add spaghetti. Pour When I came in today

casserole. into greased 1 Yi quart said, you must "Tommy, Make Mom

mixture. of spaghetti in center hollow you play? smeary when Get so

Toss together beans and cheese and Now, go wash your face and hands place in center of spaghetti. Bake at And don't forget your knees.

325 F. about thirty minutes. No, no, don't try to kiss me

Don't lean against me—PLEASE!

Bit-O-Orange Crescents I've just done my face and nails 1 cup sifted enriched flour And painted on my sox..."

1 y2 teaspoons baking powder Now why did Daddy laugh and say,

Yi teaspoon salt "You modern paradox!"

518 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Safeway's Farm Reporter keeps tab on how farmers make work easier, cut operating costs, improve crop quality.

Safeway reports his findings because we Safeway people know that exchanging good ideas helps everybody.

from a neighbors farm Aftercustomersall, moreare farmthanfolks.a third of our Jf/f/O

WAm ksSt

This is the way manure is loaded out of beef cattle feeding pens at

Brothers ranch Gill at Madera, the it? Maysfack"type California. Bulldozer pusher I Meedie

tractor dry front feeds of manure on to wheelmounted conveyor. Belt on sares\ Pitchfork Work

l'V conveyor, powered by h- P- is cable of length of 30foot method moving hay A the fence carries over manure motor, needle stack to attached, from and the which wagon truck. into and of the requires is only out about oneback drawn

third the physical energy stack, pulling the cable is cable in yet it. Another used with

the through threaded 2 pitchforking—to 3 tons in 10 minutes similarly moves

—has been devised by Claud stack—about 10 feet away—

Butts, foreman of the Norman and the two cable ends on side

Elliott ranch in Baker County, of stack next to wagon or sled

Oregon. are attached to vehicle by chains.

Mr. Butts uses a %-inch rod Opposite ends of the cables

long enough to pass through are joined by an iron ring, to stack of hay. Rod is threaded which is attached a third cable.

at each end. On one end of this This third cable is passed

"needle"he screws a sharp across the top of the stack to point—then pushes rod a position 30 or 40 feet beyond

through stack until its point prothe vehicle and at right angles trudes on opposite side. Point to it. A team or tractor hitched

of needle is then unscrewed to this cable and driven forand a shielded hook screwed ward causes the hay to roll,. onon inin ilits place. To this hook a from the stack onto the vehicle.

Tarns Keep"j Harvester VaUy Production A Safeway idea $ee u?i000

tfitn r—aT2 that onions and

consumers like s 8c- *sc ift;

iSaaS?safeWer temperature and <\\ * m car bunkers tn

H. L. Sanborn, progressive rancher of California's

Sacramento Valley, built this amazing machine to make his vine crop harvest a bigger and better cash crop. It gives him about 2 tons of dry seed per

10hour day over a harvest period of 2 to 3 months.

The seeds (from melon, cucumbers, etc.) bring

$1000 a ton on contract to one of the big seed houses. About half this income is paid out for labor.

As the seed harvester with its crew travels across a field, the men pick fruit from the vines and lay it on a crossconveyor belt extending 20 feet out fruit the carries belt conveyor machine. The from

it where machine the of top the hopper to on up is enher directly or &?** b'gf

at cylinder rear rotating into the crushed. Dropped

because the pulp. from And separated are seeds the ""* o, -er

slant, is with a a on cylinder mounted rotating 'the SafewayESUEShfflstands uot the at to accumulate tend seeds the drop, rearend **?*""h<*> -ove Sway SUrpIuses seUs at collection. *r J Harvester for easy cylinder of the rear eC made by pulls tractor a h.p. P and engine is a operated 9 by cancan affafford to increase outfit, \ $ field. which This the across c?nsuers entire rig the their leSiS Consu*P"oncn has build, proved to around $5000 cost Sanborn Mr.. SAFEWAY farming. his of type in investment a sound -cery stores t

AUGUST 1946 519

THESE TIMES

(Concluded [rom page 490) matters of fact, will reveal dangerous time factories quickly convert into war war potential as well. At the same time,

machines, or, are always potential or under license, the Soviet state could furtive war machines. We may recall utilize atomic energy under their own

the glider clubs of preHitler Germany peculiar social system; we could do likewhich suddenly emerged as the Luftwise under American conditions. At

waffe. the same time, world cooperation in a

tremendously significant technological

HPhe Baruch system seeks to overcome field might provide the unum whereby these difficulties by ( 1 ) elimination an E Pluribus Unum—diversity of

of the veto power and substituting a political creeds but a unity of peace reasoned world opinion (as developed might be achieved. Russians probably

in the United Nations) for national want to remain Russians as much as we selfinterest; (2) worldwide inspection want to remain Americans. Perhaps

and licensing to prevent furtive atomic such a solution may be realized out of armament and to report the nature and the discussions flowing from the Baruch extent of peacetime uses—which, as report.

Most Electrical Deal- I. A. NEW TOOLS FOR M.

( Concluded from page 503 Try Out,""What it Takes to Make an ers now have new Again for the coming season one Actor,""Scenery,""Makeup,""Lightreading course book has been chosen ing,""Sound,"etc., will prove unusualelectrical appliances for the entire M.I.A. membership. ly helpful to all.

Third Nephi, the account of Christ's So You Want Me to Give a Speech on display. ministry on this continent and someby Dr. C. Lowell Lees of the University

times called "The American New Tesof Utah speech department, is for all tament"has been selected. To promote speech directors. This new and unusual

Drop in and look its reading, pocketsize editions have treatment of speech techniques was been printed. found very stimulating last year. For

will six chapters season the new coming over. them Plays, When Volume Book The MJ.A. of courses. for cultural the basis the be collection delightful most has a XVII,

this will reading book enjoy Everyone short plays you'll threeact and of oneand them you see the story its of fascinating with pioskits. our from range own They

to Mutual went adolescent boy who has proved threeact which play they're worth neer agree speech. to give told a he and was was the to It Thee, popular, Shall so Keep

in desperation writes he Bewildered blunof threeact nonsensical comedy for. waiting I the "Yes, chapter, But Can What Spring* adolescence, dering Case of A help family the him Later when Say?"there are In the oneact time. group

states, "I Amusing."The he Be To Am serious straight six plays, and some

first athis through follows him reader in the as such "The drama Woman proficient quite until becomes he tempts to Freight or Car""One Came Who is speaker. This as manual an M.I.A. comedy—"The Gettysburg"and some

summer reading for all feature is a recommended Joanne."Utah Power & Great new A M.I.A. members. Blackouts. section of Vignettes and

tains many descriptions of dances such Light Co. Theespeciallythree pioneerpopular vignettesfor centennialwill proveproLet's Dance, published last year, congrams. as "Memory Waltz"for girls and

"Roses from the South."Material on

One Hundred Years of Dancing consuch interesting and necessary subjects tains the centennial dance program and as "How to Become a Good Dancer,"the description of many dances, both "Dance Fundamentals,""Leading and modern and square. Material for the Following,""Fox Trot Fun,"etc., will

six weeks cultural arts courses is also continue to keep this book a necessity included with an excellent section on to be used in conjunction with the new

IF dance standards in our Church, a probdance manual.

lem especially stressed by the General Recreation in the Home published you have used our Costumes Authorities recently. The delightful several years ago by the Church auxYOU KNOW THEY ARE THE silver cover with its oldfashioned iliaries, contains games, stunts, suggespresages dancer the delights of all those tions music, for dancing, drama, and

learn its contents. BEST for your play or opera who especially in hobbies This is the home. production.

Published previously and still poputimely in view of the instructions to the lar and necessary for the M.I.A. workChurch members to have a "Home EveHillam's Costume Shop ers are the following four books: ning"once a week. Theater Arts by Dr. T. Earl Pardoe With such an elaborate and comSalt Lake City, Utah of Brigham Young University, is for plete assortment of manuals, Mutual

10 ROOMS FILLED WITH SPLENDID the drama director and gives informafor the season 194647 should really

COSTUMES tion on all phases of play production. get off to a good start and make a gloriSuch topics as "To Try Out or Not to ous finish.

520 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ON BUYING BONDS What to take along when you see the city in the sky

President George Albert Smith in expressing his commendation of

United States savings bonds, stated recently in Salt Lake City, "We have nothing more secure in the way of an investment than government bonds. During the war

period many people have manifested their patriotism and wisdom by purchasing government bonds. In most

cases the bonds are still being held and are earning interest for the holder.

This investment has been a blessing to many people and what they have saved will be useful to them in the future.

Some individuals, however, are disposing of their holdings and spending their money for unnecessary things, and if hard times come, they may find themselves unable to meet their obligations.

"We might learn a lesson from the ant. He harvests his supplies when

they are available and stores them up against the day when it would not be possible to obtain them. The result is

that his larder is usually well stocked.

The grasshopper, a much larger insect, does not operate that way. He does not

lay up anything in store for hard times, but depends upon providence to provide him what he needs, and the result is that most grasshoppers starve to death.

"I fear that some human beings are like the grasshopper and do not take advantage of the opportunities that are theirs in a reasonable way. If they

would take a lesson from the ant, they would lay up the food that they need and always have some on hand.

"If those who have purchased government bonds will hold them and gain the benefit that results from possessing A STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA PRODUCT them, they will be wiser than if they dispose of their holdings and squander their substance. Surely we have nothing more secure in the way of an investment than government bonds."

President Smith served actively on the executive committee of the Utah war finance committee during the war, and has long been an ardent advocate of thrift.

Hitch a filter to your camera This great premium gasoline Yes, Chevron Supreme gives for that jaunt to Acoma. The is "tailored"to fit each difyou fast starts, quick pickancient pueblo and colorful ferent climate zone in the up, ready power all the way.

Indians make it a photo West. Whatever the terrain And take along a Chevron

fan's dream. And be sure to or temperature, your car gets National Credit Card to save

go on Chevron Supreme exactly the kind of Chevron carrying extra cash for car

Gasoline, because.. Supreme it needs. expenses on your trip.

The illustration of Acoma water hole in New Mexico, was drawn from one of

Standard's Free naturalcolor Scenic Views. Collect them while you travel.

AT CHEVRON GAS STATIONS AND STANDARD STATIONS, INC.

AUGUST 1946 521 WHERE OUR SOLDIERS WORSHIPED

{Continued from page 508) was of coral, covered with sawdust. "All right,"interrupted the colchapel made of thatch and native Wooden benches, resting on cocoonel, "we'll do it."Turning, he

woods. Constructed by the labor of nut logs, seated three hundred sevcalled to his adjutant. "Captain,"

four thousand natives, this unique entyfive. The thatched roof was he said, "next Sunday is Easter, and

chapel was presented to the people made of balsam pole and tar paper, I want this chapel finished by Saturof America in honor of the sixteen and a steeple was erected at the day night—we're going to have

hundred young Americans who gave front. The lower front of the chapel Easter services in it! Get busy."

their lives to drive the invaders from was covered with pungle, the stem

Guadalcanal. of the sago palm. Inside, the chapel Working under the chaplain's su-

A NOTHER interesting chapel in the was finished with plywood panels. progress.pervision, Theythe mademen officesmade forrapidthe

South Pacific was built by the Men who were wounded or sick chaplain and assistants by attaching soldiers themselves. Making a bell needed religious ministrations even small, squad tents to the large tent.

from a discarded oxygen tank, they more than others, and almost every Beautiful native flowers and shrubs attached a broom handle to serve as hospital had its chaplain. One chapwere transplanted around the chapel.

lain worked out a unique plan for All was in readiness on Saturdaya clapper—and it worked! The

structure was made of wood and serving the men of his hospital at night. But, wondered the chaplain,

canvas, with a fifteenfoot steeple Leyte. Drawing up his plans, he how would the flowers look the next

made of jungle logs. Seating two presented them to his commanding day? They were faded and wilted

hundred fifty, the chapel was a symofficer. The colonel seized the now. He got up early the next mornbol of the reverent toil of the men sketch, strode outside, and looked ing to take one final glance at the

who worshiped in it. intently at the proposed site. chapel. Wonder of wonders, the

Wherever the soldiers went, they "Hmm,"he mused, "your idea is flowers were up, too! They had reimprovised their houses of worship. to put the chapel tent opposite the vived during the night. Proudly, the

One of the most beautiful chapels surgical wards isn't it? Why?"chaplain and his commanding officer

was built in New Guinea. Ninety- "Because,"the chaplain answered, welcomed the men to Easter servsix by thirty feet in size, the sanctu- "in that way, men who can't get out ices, and in the wards the wounded

ary, office, and library were built on of bed can still take part in the servmen listened gratefully to the pray- a raised wooden platform, occupyices. We can open the flaps of their ers and songs. Again, American ining twentyeight feet in all. Its floor tents—genuity had won!

UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

LOGAN, UTAH JhsL 58ipL yiicVL JbuqinA, 3*hidai}, S&plmdbs/L 27, 1946

Courses offered in Seven Undergraduate Schools and a Graduate Division AGRICULTURE ARTS AND SCIENCES HOME ECONOMICS COMMERCE EDUCATION ENGINEERING, INDUSTRIES

FOREST, RANGE AND AND TRADES WILDLIFE MANAGEMENT

-f Sixtytwo departments prepared to train hundreds of students.

An institution specialized in education suited to the needs of the people.

Jt Besides seven undergraduate schools and graduate division, the school includes an experiment station and extension service.

Located in Logan, an ideal college town, cultural center, and excellent place to live.

UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

Logan, Utah

522 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Where Our Soldiers Worshiped HThere were soldiers in the North

Pacific, too. In fact, Alaska was

first soldiersthe place our where - BL'eTS the the army,faced and Japanese JUS* only North American soil penetrated by the invader, A few chapels were built by army engineers at major posts, similar in design to those in the continental United States. Elsewhere, the men had to provide their

own chapels. Sometimes a converted

hall or a quonsetmess was used, hut. I=J S in landing troops Great BritOur

ain were fortunate in their places of worship. Ancient churches, dating back hundreds of years, were

offered for their use by the British people. Often, men found themselves in churches which their forefathers may have attended before

the discovery of America. Of course,

not all the troops could be taken care of in British churches. Many organizations found it necessary to provide their own chapels, using mess

halls, quonset huts, or barracks.

At last D-Day came! American

troops hurled themselves over the channel, landing on the shores of

France. Their chaplains were with

them. Only seven days after the invasion, the first permanent United r.*.. 8 beauty chapel use in ''WarmStates army was in

COtnFrance. H*S CJnn. fott

t bkl ent Pro( that * in the block chapel The first stone T tim to "theaterMediterranean by was built "olor, 'sofan AAF thunderbolt fighter group in any

Italy. Italian Skilled and workmen

soldiersinterested build helped the Wool 0> Th rt skill, arc yoi],'blcd and chapel in two weeks! The bell was

donated by a monastery, whose owners were impressed by the sincerity of the Americans'effort to secure a meetinghouse. The entire

cost was met by voluntary subscriptions from pilots, officers, and enlisted men of the command. Ask Yourd * *

Wherever they served, our soldiers that neither learned mud nor slime, of nor nor cold, all the power y m - Uumbcrg & Co "to*ryWod'*ndAng&es j the enemy, nor even the awful reality of death itself, could keep them from worshiping God in spirit and in truth. They learned, too, that all

they needed in order to worship was heart,an humble and contrite for IVlSf buildthey could always their own chapel, or worship without one. Po*Uan d

Whether it was in a ruined church fj > in Germany, or in a tent on a junglecovered island in the Pacific, they found that God was always there!

AUGUST 1946 523 (o/uomm /\ eiponiibititu

in (connection with the Welfare froaiwarneMefcftyeiefe

By Elder Clyde C. Edmonds

membership to do the necessary work. done by carelessness and indifference. of the General Church

tasks of production But beyond the responsibility grave is a of the and Here Welfare Committee lies distribution the great it is opportunity quorum, part of the welfare and

TThere is a place in the welfare plan for rehabilitation—the remolding and program.

for every priesthood quorum of the rebuilding of human lives. It so freThe opportunity for real missionary

Church. It is one of the important quently happens that men get into ruts work among some of the wayward

agencies which the bishop calls upon and become victims of their own inabilimembers of the quorum can be found in for assistance in carrying on the welty to see ahead or to plan or to improve many phases of the welfare program.

fare work. The quorum which functhemselves and their circumstances. A Interest can be aroused through project

tions properly will, through its officers, simple suggestion from a successful work and other activities and, properly know the true condition of every memfarmer, for instance, may mean the difnurtured, may be the means of bringing ber and his family, and will be a source ference between success and failure to about the spiritual rehabilitation of of information which is vital to the bishhis less successful fellow quorum memmany who are drifting.

op and to his ward welfare committee ber. The problems and handicaps of It is difficult to think of any quorum

in carrying on their work. members who are not selfsustaining activities that do not in some manner

A brief analysis of the responsibilishould have the consideration of the touch the welfare program. It is equalties of the quorum may be in order. In rest of the quorum members to the end ly difficult to think of the welfare prothe first place, a detailed knowledge of that, so far as possible, his handicaps gram in any of its phases, without realthe condition of each member of the are removed and his problems analyzed izing the quorums'place therein. Conquorum, and of each member of his and, if possible, solved. Rehabilitation sequently, it becomes obvious that the

family, is essential if an intelligent apshould be a process of helping an unresponsibilities of the quorum in conproach to the work is to be made. This fortunate person to help himself. This nection with the welfare program are

can be accomplished properly in only can be done in many ways, depending, very many and very great.

of course, on the circumstances. Wiseone way—by personal visit in the home

leaders will see these possibilquorum of the member. information thus The It is not l/l/ard deackin and on them. go to work in obtained should be the ities the hands of

personal welfare representative of the enough just to send baskets of provi- "And he gave some, apostles; and some,

quorum or group who is a member of sions to a family, when it is within the prophets; and some, evangelists; and some,

the ward welfare committee, and from realm of possibility for the family to pastors and teachers; For the perfecting of

him, passed to this committee for reprovide for themselves. Joy follows the saints, for the work of the ministry, for

Till Christ: of edifying the the of body we the the compliance with admonition "bycording the on "green cards."Withall faith, in of the the of the unity and come face shalt sweat eat bread. of thy thou thisout information, the welfare pro-.".. the of (Epheof knowledge God, Son..."the economically "borderSaving willgram operate hitand-miss a on sians 4:1113.)

line"rehabilitatand quorum membersbasis within the the and quorum ward. is imteacher the extremely of work The

is ing fallen those of the have one who to of the "perfecting portant Lord's purpose personal welfare The representative of the quorum or group should accept most serious responsibilities of the the saints."Just so long as there is any

from the bishop such welfare assignpriesthood quorums in welfare work. member of the Church who is in neglect of

ments as he makes to the quorum, and The representative of the quorum on duty, any member who is not strictly conin standards, lacking to forming or Church the welfare give should committee wardas requested the diby ward work responsibilities his appreciation of his withloyal to the bishop, support and shouldrector, should the supply manpower is in for the the there Church, teacher work his in part meetdo making the weekly activitiesfor stake, ward, reon and If do. to poor, there are otherwise deor

ings interesting beneficial. andgional projects. personal welfare The it is in midst, pressed, or the oppressed, our

representative of the quorum or The wellbeing of the war veterans teacher's duty to report, and seek solution group should be prepared to keep the is a particular responsibility at this to each need.

information regarding the members of time. If the quorum president makes it Each member of the Church has the rehis quorum up to date by reporting a point to call on these returning solsponsibility to build up the Church, even to

changes in the condition or the persondiers and welcoine them back into the the full extent of his strength and means, nel of member families at the weekly quorum and offer them counsel, guidand until each, in his heart, is willing to ward welfare committee meetings. He ance, and real help in their efforts to remakethe teacher'sany sacrificework isrequirednot fullyfordone.this cause,

should see that no member of his quoadjust themselves, and in making deterIt is the duty of the whole Church to be rum is left in need of sustenance by minations as to their future plans, it will "humble, to call upon the Lord daily, to sponsoring the economic independence make a lasting impression on them, and stand steadfast in the faith."The work of

of all members and reporting cases of the bonds of fellowship and love will the teacher is all important in effecting this need to the bishop. grow stronger. Members who may have condition. When this condition obtains,

It is the responsibility of the various been indifferent to quorum activity each heart will "be filled with the love of quorums of the priesthood to accept prior to the war may be rehabilitated God"; each will "retain a remission of

budget assignments from the stake presspiritually by a display of genuine insins"; each "will grow in the knowledge of

his Creator,"the "in that and of knowledge or the terestidency bishop the part of other on to produce or quorum manmem- is just true."which andufacture bers. required commodities, active to Conversely, or a formerly

said that hath findeth Lord The "He that raise cash. The production of commodimember of the quorum may be lost his life shall lose it, and he that loseth his

ties may involve the renting or the acthrough indifference and neglect. After fife for my sake shall find it."In the ward

quisition of suitable land for such purall, the gospel of the Lord Jesus, is a teaching program of the Church is ample poses, and the organizing of the quorum plan to save souls, and this cannot be opportunity for service to another and "...

524 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. MerrillHPriestftooi

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE

B. For Whom Will You Vote? TWELVE-—JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; CHARLES A. CALLIS, HAROLD

LEE, SPENCER W. KIMBALL, EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARION G. ROMNEY, THOMAS E. MC- (\v course you are going to vote if

KAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS you are eligible to do so, for you

feel that it is not only your privilege when ye are in the service of your fellow a. Paying proper respect to teachers but your moral duty to vote. As long

visit in beings the they service of only your ye are when in our eligible vote to are as all who 1. their families calling together 2:17.) God."(Mosiah By conscienintelligently and elections

2. their admonition Awaiting and in the All are have Church now who America this privilege, exercise tiously instructions of indirectly directly or as a result come majorthe is safe. Undoubtedly fairly 3. services their Welcoming service. proteaching missionary ward The

gram is our "missionary service"to the 4. Manifesting a grateful spirit for ity of the citizens of our great country membership of the Church, that those who the blessing of their visits want good, clean government—that

have come to a knowledge of the Lord, may type of government that will insure to not be lost, but continue therein. What the Ward Teaching Program everyone the right "to life, liberty, and

May Do for Priesthood Quorums the pursuit of happiness,"a government

How the Quorums May Assist I. Ward teaching affords members of the that will protect everyone within its

the Ward Teaching Program quorum an opportunity for growth jurisdiction in the exercise of his con-

I. By educating all quorum members to a. In making the preparation for servstitutional rights and privileges. But unice alert the of value willing, importance is and ready, and ward everyone In the rendering of this worthwhile less standpoint the b. of teaching, the from his country to protect his part in doing service

to Lord's the teacher assignment {See it destroy would those against who

D. & C. 20:5355.) II. Ward teaching properly done inspires from within as well as without, then

men is a. the to Church,"over "watch Who a is danger. However, in country the

for servrendered having joy a. With strengthen with them""be and safe as is comparatively free America ice is is b. iniquity to "there see no Who infreedom-loving, loyal, as its long b. determination greater to conTo in the Church"

at duty will citizens telligent do their tinue in further service and acquire hardness each 1. "Neither with

other"the blessings of service the ballot box.

2. "Neither lying"III. Since ward teaching reaches each home, Let it not be forgotten, however, that

3. "Neither backbiting"it supplements the quorum's effort duty imposes obligations that must be 4. "Nor evil speaking"a. In keeping an official contact with met if failure is to be avoided—if the

c. Who sees that the "Church meet every quorum member in further country is to be kept safe. Every voter

together often, and that all members teaching of gospel principles should act conscientiously, intelligenttheir duty"do loyal for b. In the building of everincreasing only ly, and wisely—vote 1. Attending regularly appointed faith true will be who, if elected, Americans

of the meetings Church c. In greater for the love inspiring a require office of which their oaths to

2. the Observing Sabbath day Lord the Conuphold and defend to them 3. bearers priesthood Exhorting to d. for desire continued In prompting a States. the United stitution of their callings magnify forgiveness

little specific: Let us 4. Encouraging full compliance with e. In keeping members reminded of all Now to be a

all requirements of the gospel responsibilities in the Church advise our readers that in the states of a. Personal purity of life f. In caring for the needs of their sick, Utah and Idaho ( maybe some others )

b. Family and individual prayer poor, or otherwise unfortunate brethquestions relative to liquor laws will be

c. Honesty and fair play ren on the ballots in the November 1946

d. Word of Wisdom election. In both states there are initia-

e. Payment of tithes, etc. Qualifications of a Teacher tive and referendum laws, permitting

II. By qualifying its membership for call In the light of the Lord's assignment of the voters to make or repeal laws. In

to service as ward teachers duty: Idaho an attempt is being made under

a. Teaching gospel standards, and en- "The teacher's duty is to watch over the the sponsorship of The Civic Forces

couraging study church always, and be with and strengthen organization to repeal some and make b. respect for authority and Teaching is that iniquity there in them; see no And in the comvote popular other laws by

call to of responding the importance other, neither the church, with hardness each similar election. a ing By November c. within Kindling each a desire evil lying, backbiting, to neither speaking; nor in will made be the attempt method serve that often, the together see church meet And to believe be what to we make Utah d. ordinances gospel Teaching all that also their see duty."and do members

1. Baptism (D. & C. 20:5355.) some bad changes in the current liquor

2. Confirmation laws. Hence this column advises all

the a over Church, he "watchman"1. As 3. Ordination these of careful study a to voters make

is alert in protecting zealous every and 4. sick, to Administration ordinance conscienact and changes proposed

interest of the Church. etc. initiative (Later: them. tiously The on

2. "strengthen"the to appointed e. one Inspiring the As of membership imporin bequalify to Utah failed movement strong, himself Church, and be he must dignity the of tance and program in it Idasucceeded deadline; the fore to willing to ever respond ready and

III. to the proper making auknown By ho.) it be. need, every whatever

availability thority as members'they is that to voters suggestion Another is inthat there 3. to "see Since he is no qualify to available means necessary, use they in iquity the Church,"he be must

a. this specialized highly service For elecbefore acquainted well become is in himself there a no "whom man

IV. By inspiring each quorum member to guile."tion day with the records, attitudes, and

set his own house in order {Concluded on page 535) Concluded on page 531)

AUGUST 1946 525 CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP OUTLINE OF STUDY SEPTEMBER 1946 '"Phe greatest and most constant need food, of any human being—grantedwater, and air—is love. Everyone needs

to love and to be loved. Each of us is

social by nature; each wishes, above all

else, to be wanted and needed by other human beings. Without love or a feelingothers—orof beingat leastwantedthe memoryand neededof theseby

things—a human being is at sea.

Careful students of human nature who study maladjusted persons, trace more personality problems to a lack of affection and the resulting lack of a feeling of affectional security in early life than to any other single cause. Let AARONIC PRIESTHOOD MEMBERS OF POCATELLO FIRST WARD, WEST POCATELLO STAKE

us illustrate with an example of a Latmadeand twentyonean outstandingof therecordtwentyfourduring boys1945. enrolledAll fourearnedquorumsthe qualifiedIndividualforCertificatethe Standardof Award.Quorum NinetyAward

terday Saint girl of our acquaintance. five percent of the boys participated in the welfare project. Bishop Daniel Martin and his Aaronic

She was born and reared of good Priesthood leaders are to be congratulated.

Latterday Saint parentage. Her mother and father were married in the temwhich turned out to be as the taste of

ple and were faithful in their Church ashes. Ujoutk Speaki

obligations and activity. Indeed, the Not only did the parents fail this girl

father was quite an expert in doctrinal in her great need—but workers in the MY IDEAL LATTERDAY SAINT

interpretation, and both parents held Church did also. She attended Primary, HOME

School, the ImproveSundaypositions Mutual of responsibility in the ward (Excerpts from an address given Association, Seminary, Junior mentcontinuously. and

Willis, Zell by Donna Cowley faithfully. meetings or sacrament just thing Two one lacking in Stake, recent Ward, in a Big Horn threethis leaders teachers score had and father Mother and Therehome—love.was quarterly conference. ) her considered had byquarreled known name and and all each nagged other

their days. Never once did this girl her a member of the class, yes, a regusee any evidence of affection between lar member. Did any really love her? DONNA

them. Nor were the parents any more Did she really love them? In none did WILLISZELL

successful in expressing their affection she confide.

for the children. The father ruled the It is not strange, but only natural,

family with an iron hand. The girl conthat Jesus made love the first and secfessed that she had only fear for him, ond great commandments. Love is life,

which grew into hate with the years. and he who doesn't know love doesn't

She not only received no affection know life nor the gospel of Jesus Christ.

from her parents, but was also not perThe first requisite of any successful PRESIDENTVICE mitted friends. OF to have father is Her deall to love worker each Church and

FUTUREfined them as a time. waste of she is serves. So task His second whom he to HOMEMAKERS

grew into young womanhood without help them love each other. Our next AMERICAOF

affection and without the ability to win lessons will suggest how these two the affection of others—boys or girls. goals can be better achieved.

The richest part of her potential emo- (\n an ancient tablet unearthed in tional life—romantic love, filial love, Questions: Babylonian excavations a comand love and good will towards her 1. Why, do you think, is love the plaint five thousand years old was

fellow men—had not been allowed to first great commandment in the found which read: "Alas, the times are

develop. How, one may ask, did this gospel of Jesus Christ? not what they were."This statement

absence of love affect her character? 2. Illustrate or elaborate the effects has an upto-date ring despite its anThis innate longing for love, for beof the absence of close human ties cient origin. Certainly it has never been

ing wanted and needed by others, bein the life of an individual? more true than now. The last few years

gan to assert itself with increasing and 3. Which institutions can be most have carried us swiftly and turbulently

irrepressible strength. It would be sathelpful in giving its members love away from times as they were.

isfied. Since the home had not and could and a sense of being wanted? ArThis is particularly true in the home.

not provide love, and since she had range the following in order of Family life has gone out of the home learned no legitimate source of love, their importance in this regard? because of the development of the

she went where she could get it. She School, church, industry, governpress, the motion picture, the automopaid the big price to find a type of love ment, home, club. bile, and the radio; parents and chil526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

dren have reached a new status; marriage and the establishing of a home WARD TEACHERS

have changed completely in the minds of a great many people. The unity of The teacher's duty is to watch over the church always, and be with and

strengthen them;

of training center the home, once the is the in church, neither hardness with that there see no iniquity And the solidarity of experience, andand evil speaking; lying, backbiting, other, neither nor each

the family unit have been forgotten by And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the many and never known by some. members do their duty. (D. & C. 20:5355.

There is a good deal of speculation about the "decay"of the American home. J. Edgar Hoover says that the vward teachers e55aa e /tor September 1946

chief cause of the increase in juvenile crime can be traced to the breakdown 'REVERENCE'of the home. Last year the United "D everence is the key to sincere and true worship. Without it, worship

States had its largest crime increase in is but a pretense. To revere, honor, and respect God; his love, power,

fifteen years. Why are more and more and that which he has sanctified, is to demonstrate actual reverence. The

boys and girls "jumping off the deep reverence and divine honor which the human soul pays to God constitute end"? Is it true that some boys and girls one of the most joyous experiences that can come to man. The truly reverare born just plain bad? Social scientists ent soul feels that he is ever in the presence of deity. Carlyle said, "Reversay that there is no criminal type. Crimence is the highest of human feelings."Such an atmosphere should stimuinals are molded by their surroundings. late the normal man to the highest moral and spiritual effort and conduct.

The homes which stand stripped of their Reverent consideration for the priesthood; the house of the Lord, law and

former influence and power over their government, and the home, will be indispensable in aiding to realize this members are directly responsible. worthy objective.

The end of the war hasn't ended our One cannot revere God and at the same time disregard his Holy Priesttroubles in the home. There are more hood. Through this power, man's spiritual progress and salvation are

broken homes, more underprivileged assured. Eternal life is God's greatest gift to man, yet the highest goal in

homes, and more homes where bickerhis kingdom can be gained only through the priesthood. God's servants

ing and quarreling goes on than ever cannot act in his name unless they bear it. The Lord's work cannot be conbefore. summated without it. When we realize the value of this divine power

Something is happening to family life. which is lavished upon us, our hearts should swell with reverent thanksSince juvenile delinquency is brought giving and appreciation for such a gift.

about by the breakdown of the home, The house of the Lord is God's sanctuary and has been consecrated to let each and every one of us start to do worship. Here man should offer up his humble supplications and, in return,

something about it. We represent a God will manifest his divine approval by shedding forth the peaceful ingoodly number of family units, and a fluence of his spirit upon the faithful. Just as man reveres deity, he

nation is no stronger than each of its should hold in reverence those houses dedicated to him.

family units. Respect for law and government is necessary to assure man's safety.

Our homes are what we make them Man should attempt to permit only the enactment of fair and just laws, r,ood, bad, or indifferent. To improve and after adoption it is his duty to observe them fully. By so doing he

the character of the individual memmanifests a reverent attitude of love and good will toward his fellow men.

bers, increase their happiness, and enHis responsibility does not end here; he should support and uphold those

large their power to do, is the most who administer the law.

serious challenge ever addressed to me The home is responsible for the development of the spirit of reverence.

and all the other girls and women of our That attitude which is maintained in the home will be displayed by man as

Church and nation. Our men have he makes his various social contacts. Where devotion is paid to God

saved our homes physically from the through the medium of family prayer and the name of deity is always held crushing heel of the tyrant. Now we sacred by parents, it is safe to assume that most children'reared in this

must work together diligently to save manner will dedicate themselves to righteous living. The training that is

mankind the benefits which the home is given in the home will reflect in the conduct of the children. If they are

best able to produce. taught to honor their parents and to revere the home, then the same

Religion is the greatest force in the spirit of cooperation may be expected to carry over into the Church. The

world today, and no home can neglect same condition usually prevails when parents observe and uphold the law.

having it as a foundation. Presiding at The words of Bailey are fulfilled in the reverent soul when he said,

the head of the ideal home is a man who "Respect is what we owe; love is what we give."To the reverent comes

holdsthe priesthood of God and who the spirit of peace, that peace which enables him to live in harmony not recognizes his wife as a worthy partonly with deity, but with his fellow men.

ner. Thus they can plan together and

work in harmony for the benefit of all the family. Where there is harmony in Prayer should be a part of their daily When parents endeavor to rear chilthe home, the rights of the members lives. "Members of a family grow to dren to take useful places in society and

are respected, thus making a democratic good as surely as the plant grows to to bring honor to the family name, the institution of the whole. light."( Concluded on page 528

AUGUST 1946 527.:

Liberty Stake Temple Excursion [* iberty Stake temple day on May 20 was attended by one hundred fortyseven persons. There were present in

the evening companies, the stake presidency, members of the high council, QtmaUgy bishops and counselors, stake patriarchs, the presidency of the stake high priests quorum and many other stake P\ear Stake Chairman and ward authorities. While the endowThis letter contains instructions on how to avoid wholesale duplicament sessions were in progress, a group tion in research and in submitting family group sheets for temple work....

of workers was engaged in sealing toWith increased activity in genealogical research, a greater number of gether the ancestors of one of our sisChurch members than ever before are tracing ancestral lines appearing on ters, who was to leave for a foreign their pedigree charts, and finding many helpful records available. Because

mission. of the close interrelationships between families, it is inevitable that a number

As on previous occasions, when the of different families will trace their lineage to the same ancestors. All too

Saints of our stake observed special frequently the records of the families of such common ancestors are sent temple appointments, our stake presiin repeatedly for temple work, first by one line of descendants, and then dency called on the Melchizedek Priestin turn, one after another, by others. Over oneseventh of all names subhood quorums to extend every effort to mitted for temple ordinances in the nineteen years between 1927 and 1946

get as many of the brethren to attend were those of persons already endowed! And the percentage of attempted

the temple sessions as possible. The duplications is increasing. During the year 1944 there were 513,507 names

result was, that fifty high priests, fifteen checked for temple work, and it was found that 180,483 had previously seventies, and fifteen elders responded been endowed. In 1945, out of 575,259 names checked 176,422 duplications

to the invitation. There were in attendwere prevented.

ance sixtyseven of our sisters. The repetition in checking over so many names which yield nothing

With this support and encouragefor temple work is very expensive to the Church, requiring nearly one third ment we feel assured that the stake of the time of the staff in the temple index bureau and in the censor and temple days allotted to us will, in the correction departments. And it is also very costly in time and effort to

future, become more interesting and be those who search out such records and prepare them for temple work.

considered worthy of better observNo one wishes to waste time and effort or to duplicate ordinances intenance by our people than they have been tionally. Hence the need for these suggestions.

in recent years. We are sure, also, that 1 Cooperate with your family organization and the family genealogist. Family

the active interest shown by our ward organizations should be formed of all descendants of a common progenitor, and the and stake officers and the officers of the research and preparation of names for temple work should be centralized under the various priesthood quorums in temple direction of the appointed genealogist for the family. Should a descendant find

work, the labors of the genealogical what appears to be new data on the family, he should communicate with the and temple workers will be made lightgenealogist and ascertain if these new facts have been already utilized.

er, and will be performed by them with 2. Send in a few sample groups from a new record for checking before submitincreased courage and enthusiasm. ting all names from the entire record. If no family organization is actively functionStimulated by that influence, many of ing,shouldthennota immediatelyperson findingtranscribea genealogicalupon familyrecord,groupsuch sheetsas a printedall namesfamilyfoundhistory,and

our worthy Saints, who now show little send them to the index office. Instead, he is strongly urged to select a few sample

or no interest in temple work, may be family groups at intervals from the record, and send these for checking. If they

converted to a more serious considerareturn to him with virtually all names previously endowed, this is good evidence tion of these sacred ordinances so esthat the whole record has probably been cared for by some other family.

sential for the salvation and eternal 3. Ascertain if any book of family genealogy found is already in the library

happiness of our Father's children, both of the Genealogical Society. Those contemplating borrowing a book on a loan

living and dead. privilege from an eastern library, or purchasing a copy with a view to temple work,

The Prophet Joseph Smith declared will find it the part of wisdom first to write and learn if the book is in our genealogiis, it it If in Salt City. then has accessible others, cal library Lake been to and of ordinances thethe temple to be "this

already Instances from them. done have been occurred it by have work may where

all subjects glorious of belongingmost living those at library, borrowed a distance been books from have by our and to the everlasting gospel."(D. & C. transcribed in their entirety, in the limited period that they are in possession of

128:17.) Should we not then obey the the borrower. As a result, some hundred or thousands of family group records

will of the Lord in relation to them with have been sent in for checking, and it is discovered too late to prevent this waste of a devotion, "which shall be worthy of effort, that all names recorded thereon have been endowed already.

all acceptation"? By Adolph Merz, Please utilize your public genealogical meetings on the evening of the

Chairman, Liberty Stake Genealogical fast Sunday for September, and the visits of your home teachers, to present

Committee. these devices to the members of your stake.

Aaronic Priesthood Sincerely your brethren, The Genealogical Society {Concluded from page 527) Joseph Fielding Smith, President parents themselves must set an example Archibald F. Bennett, General Sec'yworthy of emulation.

Good housekeeping makes good homes. Poor housekeeping produces come fortresses from which the battles all human relationships. I believe this

only poor ones. "Grapes are never of life can really be fought. because I believe in an immortality of

gathered from thorns nor figs from As a young Latterday Saint girl, I the spirit. I believe in a continuation of

thistles."have been taught that the home is a the family ties throughout eternity. I

When homes are strongly and firmly most sacred and holy institution and want to weld those ties so firmly here built physically and spiritually, they bethat family life is the most important of that they will endure forever.

528 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

WAR PRISONERSOUR STORY

( Concluded from page 484 back of an old chair and pieces of which could be of help in civilian life, barbed wire. It took the prisoner two drew the steadiest attendance, but"Rood—yu don't know how much it * means till you haven't any. The months to make the violin—two months there were classes in almost any high

need for cooking food brought out some in which he might otherwise have sat school or college course you could of the most ingenious devices invented around and brooded. Some other men name. We got our books and educain prison camps. With nothing but old constructed a tin can clock. It kept tional supplies from the Y.M.C.A.

tin cans and practically no tools, prisongood time. The Y.M.C.A. supplied us Some of us read hundreds of books.

ers in my camp fashioned clever high with all kinds of athletic equipment and There was no temple for our Lord compression blowers to get the last bit gave medals for sport leadership. Most When we were banished to this place

of heat from the meager supply of camps required periods of exercise so Of soldierexile. Yet, we saw

wood, paper, or ersatz coal provided that the men would stay in as good conWithin the barbs of His lonely face.

by the Germans. dition as possible. Competitive games, Prison camp religion had a practical

You'd be surprised what you can such as volleyball, baseball, and basketquality about it that appealed to us.

make if it must be made. Men became ball were preferred to calisthenics, but Perhaps that was because it really was

not everybody in religious servrepairingexperts shoes was physically able to part of because wanted we us—if take part in them.

ices, then to repair them. within they ourfrom had hadsomeone And to come

the work of fixing the shoes kept their The real escape of most prisoners selves, and if there was to be a chapel, minds and hands busy. Other men bewas in reading books and going to eduwe had to build it with our hands. There

came tailors and repaired uniforms and cational classes. The library at Stalag were times, like Easter or Christmas,

made stage costumes. The outstandLuft I contained 15,000 volumes, sent when we did something a little extra in

ing piece of handicraft in the exhibit is in from America. Classes were taught the religious way. The "Y"helped us

a beautiful violin made by a prisoner by Americans who were experts in that by supplying the religious articles of from bed boards, a packing case, the field in civilian life. Practical subjects, all faiths for services.

SANCTUARY

(Continued Irom page 501) "Faith can remove mountains, sick,"Amy confided in a loud whistime off from the bank but not a Felicity,"she said, chuckling a little, per. "She said she was sick and

penny to make the trip.""I want you to remember that."tired of seeing her moping,"Amy

"Is"All—"that allHarrythat's theran matter?"his hand implicitly"Yes, ma'am,"that Mt.I Lowereplied,wouldbelievingstart sniffedsome medicine.a little. "MammaIt's calledboughtbeef andher

through his tousled black hair, and toward us at the slightest sign from iron, and she makes her take it every his tone implied that a chasm Aunt Martha. In some alarm I noted day."After a minute she lowered

yawned beneath his feet over which its size. "Yes, I know that,"I reher voice, "I tried some the other

he could not leap. peated hastily, "but I don't think day. It's bitter—like a green wal-

"Is your father's bank the only Eleanor does. I think we ought to go nut, and after you swallow it your

bank in Pasadena?"inquired my and tell her about faith right now."teeth stay furry for a long time."

aunt obliquely, and while the chasm "No,"Aunt Martha answered, If only I had thought to ask Aunt at Harry's feet closed, she turned to moving along the shaded walk toMartha what a precept was, I could it tome. "Felicity, I'm glad to see that ward home. "Eleanor will have to have brought one and givenyou brought some refreshments. You learn by precept, I think. The perEleanor. It was too late for that, and

may pass whatever you have, now."son we'll have to talk to is Mr. Hag- I didn't have a chance to speak to

I untwirled the paper sack and gersby at the Security Bank."her until Amy was called to the

doled out the food. Aunt Martha kitchen to help her mother with the

made no comment on the sanddinner. I found Eleanor in the dinwiches, although she had some Oome time after the peting room. Going over to her, near

trouble getting her mouth over the ticoat incident, and my Aunt Marenough to touch the forgetme-nots slices of bread, and she had to swaltha's strange conversation with in her challis dress, I said softly, "I low hard before she was able to Harry under the camphor trees, I know where Harry is."

to to Fairchild's the allowed go wasspeak. is dehe?"Eleanor "Where I I dinner, to although went know I along last time walked "The feverishly. manded better aunt's judgment, against my I nine counted BoulevardColorado I at the Fair,"whispered. "He's it for the February, month, wet was I I could have daresaybanks, and "I his pictures think took with he at the she anxiously looked out and if tried. and I had morefound Go I raising to him,"added, eyes my darkening as she sky and bade Amy at Security. the Haggersbysee Mr. her. at look goodbye. me of is friend mine—aHe face flaming, was and Her "Keep your coat buttoned, Feli- I thought she was crying because she

JVIy bewildered eyes folcity, while you are out in the night covered her eyes with her hands.

air,"as she skipped admonished we the legs long Harry'slowed down tell to the time her about was Now the steps, "and remember downstreet, stood up but Martha Aunt able to being Martha remove that Aunt if it rains, I shall for you."come a fewcalmly crumbs brushed and Mt. Lowe.

afterher she turned and I spent the wholefrom her lap. Then Amy "Faith then I began, and can—,"giggling nco;i to get a better view Eleanand discussing sidewayshead because no use it was Eleanor I knew

of the foothills. or and Harry. "Mamma thinks she's [Concluded on page 530)

AUGUST 1946 529 SANCTUARY {Concluded from page 529) say that,"she conceded graciously, twentyfour across (number ninehad to learn by a precept and I didn't "but she had no idea it would rain teen was cracked like the Mississipknow what that was. Bitterly I like this. Now run along and don't pi River), and twenty down to the

realized that it was too late. I got talk any more about it."floor again. After the sixth round my

to my feet and went out. Amy gathered up the parchesi and head began to nod, and I shifted my

Thaddeus Fairchild was in a thrust it into the cupboard undergaze to the banisters in the hall railjovial mood that evening. He had neath the bookshelves; but I made ing. Number thirteen and fourteen

reached home before the rain started. no move to help her or go with her were falling together against my will

Sitting at the head of the table, his when she slithered nervously out of when I heard the footsteps on the bald head glowing softly in the the room. Sickeningly, the little brass porch. I leaped to my feet and flung

candlelight, he glanced around beclock on the green mantel chimed open the door in time to see Aunt nignly at the three females who eight o'clock, and I knew my aunt Martha carefully setting the open graced his board. should have come half an hour ago. umbrella on the porch.

"Well, Eleanor,"he boomed, "Felicity,"Mrs. Fairchild said "Well, Felicity,"she said cheer-

"glad to see you have an appetite sharply, "aren't you going?"fully, coming inside while little rivers

tonight. I told you last week that if "No, ma'am."of water ran from her ulster, "I'm

Harry didn't show up again, there "Ridiculous!"Mr. Fairchild glad to see you remembered what I

were plenty of other fish for you to snapped the evening paper to the said,"She gave herself a little shake, hook."His great laugh rang out, sports page and put his finger down and the diamonds, twinkling from

rattling the china plates against the to mark the place. her earrings sent a shower of light

rail. Mrs. Fairchild suddenly changed through the hallway.

"Thaddeus!"implored Mrs. Fairher tactics. She began grimacing at

child. her husband, forming words with Ouddenly the room filled

Eleanor, who was about to reply, her lips as if I couldn't understand. with noise. Mr. and Mrs. Fairchild

was saved the bother by the rain "What shall I do? You know she is were clucking at Aunt Martha, tellwhich had waited for just this mo- a tantrum child."ing her she would surely catch her

ment to break in upon the dinner. It "You don't need to do anything,"death of cold and other inconsequenfell with a tremendous, pelting on- I answered, "I shall wait out in the tial banalities.

slaught, crystal clear against the hall.""I would have been here sooner,"

dining room windows, and thundersaid my aunt calmly, "if Herkimer ous and heavy upon the roof upIhe house grew deadly Street wasn't flooded."She smiled

stairs. In one of the bedrooms a door quiet as I took up my lonely vigil on at the bewildered faces, and then she

slammed, and Eleanor, with a sigh the first step of the stairway. I made said briskly, "Get your things on,

of relief, fled from the table and went no sound, listening to the noise of Felicity. We must go back right

to close the windows. The candles gushing water, with which the away."

wavered in the sudden gusty wind streets were overflowing, spreading I was fumbling with the clumsy that swept through the house. Amy threefoot rivers on each side of rubbers, stamping my feet into them,

and I clutched each others'hands the avenue. when I felt the soft arms of Eleanor

under the table, shivering deliciously Soon I began to feel sleepy. encircling me. Her warm, fragrant

at the feeling of protection from the To keep myself awake I resorted hair brushed my cheek, and she kissed me, giving me a tight littlebleak outdoors. to counting things. First—the green

glazed tile in the simulated gas firesqueeze.

/\fter dinner Amy beat place: twenty tiles to the mantel, "You precious lamb,"she whisme soundly at parchesi, three games pered, "I'll never forget what you

in a row. taught me tonight."

"There,"she exclaimed triumOnly dimly was I aware of her phantly, throwing a double one and MAPLE TREES words because I was hurrying to get pushing her last man safely "home,"away. Struggling I into my coat, Bg Solveig Paulson Russell 1 won! turned to farewells, for make my

Mrs. Fairchild looked up indulComething sweet is tangled knew my aunt would not permit meI

gently the *J In oldtime her from yellow rose. Honiton lace work. I to leave before did. diAdvancing dignity lies hidden see"Glad to happy, dear. you in front of Mrs. Fairchild the hearty Now AndWhere grows. rectly hawthorn

put the board away and go up to put out my hand and did my pret-I in thebed. Felicity blossom may wear your new Laughter's boughs, tiest drop courtsy.

trust in violet And eyes; like."nightgown if you "Thank you very much,"I said there's But oh, gallant courage

"Oh, I couldn't do that,"I proWhere the maple skims the skies. distinctly, "for a pleasant evening."

tested, to bed, "go I mean. Aunt I didn't see the startled look There on the is, about maple's saidMartha she would come for me Flaming torches in the fall, Fairchild's Mrs. face the nor laughif it rained."that Something arouses ter in Aunt Martha's eyes. After spirit its call. with Fairchild Mrs. in The regarded me that, all I remember the was warm

horrified amazement, Something that cries and then she to out man feeling of Aunt Martha's as hand we his trials meet and woeslaughed, a little tinkling laugh of To out triumphantly into the night the With brave same surging upward wentadult amusement. did she "Maybe air. the burnished That maple shows.

NoLiquor-Tobacco jgg&L-<j, Column (Concluded from page 525)promises especially of candidates for w county sheriffs and county attorneys of determining which for the purpose likely publish by if elected,candidates, are most to enforce the laws, especially those & WALUSrelating liquor to with and morals. Even cTFVENSSTEV conditions very laws, badgood may be

HNE booksthe law. of of nonenforcementbecause --;;;;;OF

Liquor and underworld elements always..PUBLISHERS

unite in efforts to elect judges, prosecutors, and sheriffs who will be lax in their efforts to enforce liquor and moral laws. Can good citizens knowingly

vote for such candidates? A word tothe wise should be sufficient. CAN WE BELIEVE

THE WITNESSES OF THEBooze and the Working Man ""VLThPlT has booze ever done for the BOOK OF MORMON

Dr. John A. says Widtsoe

ol workingman?"A labor journal Readabout whatthe importance the testimony

asks this question, and answers: oi these eleven men in the "ImproveBooze fills prisons, poorhouses, insane ment"EvidencesEra"forandJune,Reconciliations";1946. (Page and385,

asylums, reform schools, inebriate asylums. Page 381, "On The Bookrack.")

for Published the time now than all causes more unemploymentBooze form, volume,first "THEin WITbook strikes is the prime cause and lockouts, of NESSES THE thisOFbeautiful MORMON,"BOOK OF poverty, robs women and children, sends dencecontainsanda wealthhistoricalof informationdocumentarywhichevistohv children to work to compete against workis invaluable to every Book of Mormon ingmen and women, deprives the children student.type. Printed in large easyto-read

of drinkers of an opportunity to fit themPrice, $2.25

selves for the struggle of life. Booze is no Postpaid

friend of the workman, it is a scab in the ranks of union labor. Its chief work is to

create disorganization and inefficiency,...Booze is the bane of the world, the curse mm

of the poor man, the foe of all humanity. LIFE OF HEBER C. KIMBALL

—The Trade Unionist (1010-18), reprinted By Orson F. Whitney

in the Spotlight, January 1946. sSff?* Large520GiftpagesEdition

A "Model"Saloon * Price, $3.00

Forty years ago Bishop Henry C. Potter CKfcv Postpaid

servicededicated a religious with a bar THREE MORMON in the Subknown as New Way Tavern,

York City. This saloon was to be a model CLASSICS

all features refinement,of bad in which of Thrilling Stories of eliminated. liquor businessthe to were be Wilford Woodruff

The patrons were to be entertained with GeorgeJacob Q.HamblinCannon

highclass music and good reading matter, and only "pure liquors"were to be served. Price, $2.50

A sign was hung in front of the building, Postpaid "This Is the Place Dedicated by Bishop

Potter. claimed It was You Are Welcome."HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH soluthat a "reformed be the saloon"would By His Mother

tion to the drink problem. But in a short LUCY MACK SMITH

time, as one newspaper reported, it was found to be true that "there is just as much Price,Postpaid$2.50

at in a taken canonized a drinkdrunkenness luiiimHiiiimiittiniiiiiipiLL OUT AND THIS MAIL COUPON"""""1 "iiitmnt shelf."at as regularbar whiskey Condi- a STEVENS I & WALLIS, INC. I= Richards St., 36 finally in tions Salt that the disgust so City I, bad | became Lake Fine These Utah

Please send the books | checked below: also Books are to sold a out announcedcompany man who

The Witnesses of the ClassMormon at all | Sale For saloon to as run going be a"This saloon of Book ics $2.25 D Three Mormon $2.50 leading book is It mill. gin useshould be a no of I Life Heber C. KimLife run—asis Joseph Smith dealers. ball..$3.00 By Hisoftrying Mother to $2.50 the play with run with and Lord

the Devil."The Chicago InterOcean Order your I Payment enclosed. Send C.O.D.

summed up the matter editorially: "What copy TODAY | Name

they failed to see was that the reform, which I Address this saloon professed to promote, is, and always will be, from the viewpoint of the church, a sham reform. For the church to

choose between two evils is for the church 8cWallis, INC It is evil."sanctionto just Stevens impossible as 36 RICHARDS STREET PUBLISHERS OF

it isto saloon as reform the to reform a rotten egg. It can't be done. The TemFINE BOOKS SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

perance Bulletin.

AUGUST 1946 531 CRUISING ON THE GREAT SALT LAKE {Concluded from page 499) Look! Look again, before the sunlight falhad adhered to it. As it was they ters,

were over two hours late getting Before that golden Godmade radiance dies.

back. However, "all's well that ends My shipmate held the megaphone

well,"and they returned with plenty in silence for a moment or so. He was

of water. then requested to repeat the wonderIn the evening we witnessed the ful verse. All seemed to be spellmost glorious sunset. Captain Brown bound, and the glow of that sunset

announced that he would entertain remained in the western sky all that the club by reciting a poem, and night.

picking up the big megaphone he Sleeping on the lonely island that began. night, at times in the distance we

could hear and see by their lights,

Sunset Viewed from Fremont Island* trains, speeding across the giant trestle over the Great Salt Lake.

immortal, of a hand canvas Gigantic thy hues. Early next morning, after a swim, artist repeat gifted could What

Those brilliant, blazing, almost blinding and after bathing our faces in fresh colors water for the first time on the cruise,

That lavish nature o'er thy expanse strews? we breakfasted, and soon, getting

Who says, there is no God? Why friend, under way, we shaped our course for

yonder, look just a there Rock, seeing few mighty mind conceived that mighty White into there gulls. Leaving J*""Co- R. What we headed scene?

What earthly hand could mix such wonWhite Rock Bay, at the north end drous colors, of Antelope Island, to get a good green. that vivid red, flaming amber there buffalo, of of the which view

friend, of sample, a glimpse just a!*** Piano b *Jears * ThatThat's cattle or more, a are thirty few and

glory, sheep, with plenty of feed and good in store, things the greater of promise A water. of heaven, the gates between peep * "in a Vaw * neH'dav A little

for our course shaped now We I readj,, "e<> *oods Whatmore?Christian soul could ask for any Elephant rounding home, Head and

Who says there is no God, with that before we came to a sandy beach, and took him? another swim, and ate; then hoisting

even brings the tears to savage eyes, That our anchors we headed for Saltair "'ranged author.is not known whether Captain Brown was the pavilion.

THE SPOKEN WORD FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

'e City J (Continued from page 507) everyone, and others who want it only for themselves. It is they who

LJn MndeMLandtUn9 havedom isforgottensafe, so thatlong noas man'sany manfreeis

Jreeaclorn in bondage. Then there are those

ESTABLISHED S days of patriotic observance whofreedom—whowant freedomwantto completeabuse theirliTwo Guests—One Charge A come and go, there is much said cense, freedom from all restraint,

LOCATION: Seventh and Broadabout freedom. Like all other prinfreedom from the necessary disciway, and shows.the center of shops ciples with which men are concerned, pline of life, freedom from law and

COMFORT: For you in furnishfreedom in theory may be one thing order. It is they who mistake freeings,

ice. atmosphere and servand freedom in practice may be quite dom for anarchy. Most of us, no

POLICY: One comparatively doubt, It our freedom want is a term

room. Sameor twoprice.guests Noin another.

criticize. to rate. academically, double but and define easy to We may tonotcomplainalways

MODERATE RATES sometimes difficult to define in the use this freedom, but without it we for Headquarters L.D.S. people everyday relationships of life—difare not free. And then there are in Los Angeles

FRANK R. WISHON, Operator ficult to say where encroachment besome of us who expect not only

RAY H. BECKETT, Manager gins and ends, to say when it is freedom but also a free living. But

violated and when it is respected, bethere is a great difference. Freedom

HOTEL cause men have so many different must include freedom to work but ideas of freedom, and so many misnot freedom from work. Freedom LANKERSHIM conceptions concerning it. There are from want without effort may sound LOS ANGELES some, for example, who are comlike Utopia, on the face of it, but

mitted to the principle of freedom for actually it is but the prelude to 532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Spoken Word tragedy. There are many other socalled freedoms which some of us

sometimes think we want, but which no straightthinking man actually does want when he understands where they lead—and among them

are freedom from responsibility, freedom from troubling ourselves with the issues of the day—and even

freedom from thinking for ourselves.

But when we indulge these freedoms we do so at great cost, because he who does not carry his share of the burdens of his own day and generation cannot long expect to have the blessings of freedom—and he who

does not think for himself is never free. God be thanked for freedom,

for, withal it is abused, and neglected, and misunderstood, anything for which we could exchange it would be a bad bargain.

—June 30, 1946.

Plain Talk To Girls "At last, an exciting idea in decoration!"

(Concluded from page 493) New/'gotogether"colors give lighter,the spirit which comes to you from this conference, and go back to it brighter, cleaner tones—in perfect

with a determination that you will good taste. SEE WHAT NEW

do your part, each of you, to stem this tide of immorality which threatIs your house guestshy for want of color? "gotogether"COLORS

see "gotogether"our colors—Then NEW toens engulf world. the You women DO FOR YOUlovely, for delicate walls tones and woodwork

will not.can do men it. We you'll fresh to live love to give beauty you

1. Tie in adjoining rooms May the Lord bless you. Again I with and be proud to display. Exciting!

ask you to be good enough to excuse harmoniously.

my blunt speech, but I feel there Exclusively a Fuller creation, "gotogether"come times when things must be said colors offer a wide latitude in color combina- 2. Let you colormatch

even as Jacob of old declared. And tions for modern effects, yet they never inwalls and woodwork in a

I would like you to read when you trude or leave that "overdone"feeling your choice of three finishes—

go home the second chapter, I think good taste avoids. soft flat, semigloss or full

it is, of Jacob, in the Book of MorSee them. See how they answer the decoratgloss.

mon, because you stand just where ing questions in your mind. Then plan to use

Jacob stood, even as do I, where them! Demand is heavy right now. Some days 3. Give a wide choice of

your duty is to warn the world, and some colors are scarce; but we ship frequently. colorful backgrounds that

particularly your own sisters of the Ask your Fuller Dealer! W. P. Fuller 6? Co. will go with your present

evils that threaten them. The Lord furnishings.

said on one occasion when he was big painting jobs itpreaching: shall profit For "For what

is it to call in wise shall gain thea man, if he whole a reputable Painting world, and lose his own soul? Or Contractor.

what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?"(Mark 8: 36, 37.) And

remember the philosophy of Paul NEWwhen he spoke to the Romans and said: "I find then a law, that, when I

would do good, evil is present with me."(Romans 7:21.) You can overCOLORS

come that evil so present by living the commandments of the Lord, and that you may be able to do so, I humbly pray in the name of Jesus Christ. THERE'S A FULLER PAINT DEALER NEAR YOU

Amen.

AUGUST 1946 533 "YE SHALL NOT FEAR"{Continued ftom page 502) When the pioneers came to Utah,

The Family they gave food and clothing to the educated man and woman who in TThe Lord designed the family for exchange taught their children.

should always be the result mutual help and support. The They traded the necessities of life CAXCOMPLISHMENT

when energy is expended. English workman for generations with the shoeand harness maker,

Yet, like a dizzily spinning reared a large family in the prime of etc.

top, many businesses go his life as an oldage security. In For those who are needy, the

'round in the preparation of France, for decades the small family Church has set up relief organizaadvertising and get nowhere. has been the rule, and reliance has tions which are supported by the

Month after month, the same been upon conservation of inherited work and offerings of the members.

thing happens again and properity. Black misery, as the It has distressed me on a number of

again and nothing is accomFrench expressed it, faced the old occasions to hear Latterday Saints, plished but the expenditure of folk without living children who lost even some in responsible positions, dollars that could be made to their property. affirm that they would rather starve

produce results. The function The 1940 census of the United to death than accept the help of the

of a printing organization toStates showed that half of the nawelfare program. No true Latterday is to help clients to plan tion's 35,000,000 families had no day Saint will despise the program

printing that builds sales children under eighteen years of and the organizations set up by our to take copy and dramatize it, age, and only one third of the famiHeavenly Father to safeguard the make it so irresistibly attraclies had any children under ten wellbeing of the members of his tive that it must naturally years of age. Have you observed Church. None of us knows when he

draw the reader's attention. that plans of postwar dwellings may be brought low financially. The

The waste of which we speak generally show a small house for two quality of humility is most important is often due to lack of underpeople with a basement game room in time of distress. A hardworking,

standing. Realization of this and a builtin garage but no rooms humble people can be of real help

has made us sales minded. for children? to each other. It should be the purYour selling problem is our For old age and disability we pose of every ablebodied Latterday

problem, and our experience have oldage pensions, social securSaint in need of help to get on a selfputs us in a position to print ity, and relief payments. In case of supporting basis as soon as possible.

your sales story so that it will runaway inflation, how long could He will reach that point most surely get results. the young and productive people of and quickly if he is humble and uses

this country be expected to burden the means provided by the Lord to their lives for the effective exerold to whom they supplement his ownThe Deseret News ties? have no blood feet. tions to get back on his

family security is the social The Press Simple Tastes and Simple Needs couples proceed Young who Creators of Distinctive unit.

PrintingBinding now to rear large families will enHThe family with simple tastes and counter discouragements, adverse needs is better prepared to meet

Phone 4-5521 counsel, and ridicule, but when their the ups and downs of life than the 29 Richards Street years of struggle are past, they will family with a costly establishment

Salt Lake City, Utah reap the economic security of a large and expensive living habits. The

family properly trained as has alformer can face future uncertainty ways been and always will be so. with relative equanimity. In the great

In case of inflation wiping out all depression of the thirties I was dissavings, the poor family with several mayed to see men who had lost their boys and girls able to go to work is money or their jobs take their lives well set to cope with the changed or embezzle funds, or forge checks, conditions. or beg and borrow relentlessly rather

A Practical Church housesthan moveor atheirpoorerfamiliesneighborhoodinto smalleror

Tn unity there is strength. Especialgive up the use of their cars or take

ly is this true when one is united grown children out of school to go with an industrious, thrifty, trained, to work. Extravagance is a great

and capable people, possessing intefiinancial liability at any time but grity, character, and high purpose, especially so in a period of economic who have been taught the commanddistress.

ment to help each other and who The Latterday Saint should not have been organized to make this live in a miserly or niggardly fashhelp effective. Among such people, ion, but he can live thriftily and unthere is opportunity for exchange of ostentatiously and can cultivate a

love for profitable trade things. simple the and and emOnly CORPORATION services CHEMURGIC ployment, even give his children to Lord MAD OffPCE without can money the powRICHMOND CALIFORNIA serve as a medium of exchange. er of lasting enjoyment and satis534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

\\ Ye Shall Not Fear // 13.14. GoVisitbyeachappointmentfamily monthly,when possible.or oftener ingdeterminevisited whethera home, yousee madeif you somecan

if mistake, requires. occasion and make it right if you did,faction to love, and the power and

it. repeating are not and avoid welcome back after havIf you

gifts the 15.these divine can accompany

simplest things of this life. They are

more often found in the homes of the worthy poor than in the homes of the wellto-do.

In contemplating these things, one of readily Saviorcan see why the his telling in in Very frequently motor ists sf/ imtd1 tell us that new Vico is thethe world, people this dispensation of the dire calamithey've ever used. They tell us, too, thatties that were to befall them before best motor oil B

the hour of his coming, could yet ask them to have glad hearts and the new Pep 88 Gasoline is the "best ever."ici&S Pardon our

cheerful countenances. One can also

understand the feelings of the pride? wk* Dut we think all motorists would like to know

Psalmist when he said, "The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want."that we spare no effort in producing products which we can enthusitically guarantee and recommend. So we'll

Melchizedek Priesthood make this message short and sweetVico Motor Oil and Pep 88 Gaspage 525) (Concluded from Oline are truly great products which will give your car responsibility to "see it is his 4. Since

often,"together the that meet Church "ac'c'n c to lts motor. visit the people, he must among keepimproved performance 43 "*'X ana

ing them informed of the Church services they are expected to attend. He They're backed by an institution established 37 years 1909

should inspire them with the desire and determination to attend. He should

himself be on hand at the appointed ago, a pioneer in the petroleum industry. Your VicoPep 88 service

hour to receive them and to make them acquainted with ward officials and their man 'trttt'"tp will help you "Go Places and See Things"by fellow worshipers.

5. The teacher is appointed to "see that

all members do their duty."He must automobile.

therefore know what the duties of the

Latterday Saints are and teach them to his people in a way that they will respond fully to duty. He must himQet highest quality products at

self be true to every trust. He must

be a true servant of the people and the PEP 88VICO STATIONS AND DEALERS

Lord. Oil Utah \.Wprpi Refining (PEP\ of "Therefore, ought manner what man * |ill V*ATLAS. Company **gasoline / k88s as you, even to be? Verily unto I sayye

I am."(Ill Nephi 27:27.) Pep 88 Ethyl Pep 88 Regular Vico. Quaker Stale Altai

Gasoline Gasoline Motor Oili Products

Hints on Ward Teaching 1. Go joyously about your work; you

have been called of the Lord.

2. Have a blessing always in your heart

for the families you visit.

3. Be humble, but confident and determined; you have a dignified calling.

4. Be studious, ever increasing your

of the of God. word knowledge Thought... df Golden Nuggets 5. with each Approach home

little charming describes book that everyone likes. The title a prayer in A the book. Pocket size your heart. it with Carry you. 6. Be alert, accomplish the purpose of $1.00, postpaid

visit, offense. giving but avoid your HELPS HIGHWAY

7. the time or your time, waste Do not LIGHTS ALONG LIFE'S GREAT HIGHWAY

of those you visit Short discussions (150 of them) on gospel and other subjects. Each offers S to 15

8. Deliver an appropriate message, and minuteslessons, ofsermonsinspirationalor talksreadingto prepare,and foodlet HIGHWAYfor more andHELPSbetterhelpthinking.you. If you have

testimony. bear your

9. Teach an abiding love for the Lord $2.00, postpaid

and respect his word. 10. Teach his word and you will build AND ALL L. D. S. BOOKS

like to have, Wouldn't in your handy you faith.

list all of the home, books a price L. of ITU L,7 Dl\ HA IL LC"KD AA l\D hAN It askthe the Church? Mail 11. Books By Be a gentleman in all things. inc. write Just address andfor isyourfree nameto youof

12. Adapt your visit to the convenience plainly and mail to: P. O. Box 267 Salt Lake City. Utah

of those you are assigned to visit.

AUGUST 1946 535 WHEN SCOUTS GO CAMPING (Continued from page 495) vented the article to satisfy himself.

On the Method of Travel Such articles can be bought for a that is the end of them. price—but JUTake certain that the boys can They give little lasting satisfaction.

reach the place only their by John said Muir that one who efforts. own has right a Nobody to faces a storm for, prepared in and take the deep lessons life of out of it harmony will with learn of some our eternal hills without for paying life's greatest lessons. of the One them. I need not fear about the right greatest preparations for such harto do it—for no one can do it anymony is the conception, the planning,

unless how he does pay. That pay and in the execution the of making

is It is simple. the simple expendithe equipment with a which boy goes

ture of honest sweat to reach the camping faces out and storms.

spot of beauty. Anyone apwho to used sleep in quilts out We and proaches a beautiful or mountain with. made blankets. I CINCH CORN overnight went When lake or waterfall trees or the with.BREAD. MIX. Each package hiking as boy, a bed, the with my speed the of contains ALL modern necessary car motor ingredimay canvas cover so was that heavy for ents. Just little water, add see its a of mix beauty, and will but he of two to us stagger half a mile with bake. For variety, to package feel its never depths its or catch lesit feat a was its in gargantuan nacontents add sons. will like girl be the He the on ture. I the sat cop Vt day of On chopand down edge the of Grand Canyon who, figured ped out cooked what keeps one at warm casually looking over the as edge, fruit and chopnight, and feathers are better why casually said, gulley."nuts. ped "Some Not than wool, is and wool better why one the thirty of boy went with who than cotton, the relation and of body try Cinch the fifteenmile me trail down to the to heat air I to space heated, be Waffles won and depths of the Grand Canyon, stophalf victory; a friend and a Cinch when and Hot ping for noon under the sheltering

I sat until up three a.m. Cakes, sewing eight Too! rock while the blistered sun the hot flour sacks (one hundredpound earth, and evening light who by size) four and of pounds into kapok A struggled trail the CINCH up long FOR to the FIAVOR a crude sleeping bag, then and with will rim, south ever forget the

it, discovered that solved had the we canyon. Like the mysterious smile problem of to eighthow make an of the it Lisa, will in Mona grow that pound bed would us keep warm memory, each thought catching a camping like became trips—we different new and facet of BY meanGO had discovered a onColumbus—we ing as light the of years comes

I America. I new claim that disupon each boy. in the Each bend covered the sleeping bag. Let GREYHOUND no one trail, the campfire river, the the on mistake I meaning. disonly my climb out of Granite the Canyon, MORE it covered for that was myself—but final burst of energy as they topped DAILY as great a discovery to as me was the southern rim are etched upon SCHEDULES that of the fellow years ago diswho their souls. the trip return Of they covered that reindeer skins make

if forget, cannot they the would, SEATS MORE sleeping good bags. Any good torture final the of fivemile climb to leader AVAILABLE of it will Scouts Boy his make Bright Point. Angel the suAnd prime to purpose turn into Scouts

all preme is final of their memory TRAVEL MORE youthful Balboa's will he then whom view of the canyon from Bright AnTIME to SAVED permit discover their Pacific own gel Point time as conagain—this Oceans. are There so things many querors of of one the stupenmost to discover about your equipown

in facts GREATER dous nature. Pharaoh No ment, at made as nearly home, as ever returned with greater COMFORT or more possible from materials at hand. important booty than did these FOR modBUS is There tent the homemade which ern wanderers as they their faced RIDERS will keep you in the snug and dry parents told and of them they what greatest storms.

local had your felt. seen Consult heard and for agent full and But no is the There reflector homemade information about convenient ever boy such a prize won without oven will schedules which deliver hot, and fares low to any it. sweating for point in America. bread or muffins—upon call—orsavory

OVERLAND About Equipment whichhomemadewill cookhook,a overtrouta caughtfire ignitedon a ny sportinggoods house has with a homemade friction set.GREYHOUNDIfAf/FS camping equipment. Each arThere is the homemade Yukonticle bears the endorsement of the style—or Nelsonstyle—pack, Opratd by

man who went out into the hills and whichever you like best, or several INTERSTATE TRA NSlfTl NES forests, and, finding the need, inother styles if you prefer them—or536

When Scouts Go Campingyou can figure up your own style FOR COLORFUL after wearing blisters on your back with one of the kind which has body and parts—but no soul, as I mentioned at first. HOMES

There are many better homemade cooking utensils than the smartly painted kit bearing a price tag of $1.75, and they're lighter and moreuseful too. There is a strange truth BENNETT'S

about Boy Scout camping equipment. The inventor cannot passalong the romance and fun and dePAINTS

velopment, when he sells you thefinished article. Camping out with ** WALLPAPSftS

that sort of stuff is a synthetic experience, vicariously practiced upon FOR CLEAN, SHINING HOMES the purchaser. That's why it's dead

material.White—onlyIt comeswhento kissedlife likebySnowthe

prince. In this case the prince takes

the shape of the Scout who spends FOR EVERY HOUSEHOLD USE long hours sewing or hammering BENNETT GLASS & PAINT CO., SALT LAKE CITYwhile his body and his fingers, fused

together into the tools, form the kiss. BRANCHES AND DEALERS IN UTAH AND IDAHO

All the time he is working, his heart and his soul are climbing a Mt.

Everest.

There is no camping equipment to be prescribed. I have my outfit HERE IS A STORY OF WEED CONTROL!

geared pleasures, needs and to my /tested and improved than WELL, SON -I'M SORRY YOU I'M SORRY TOO, NEIGHBOR. by more

five thousand miles of hiking. In the DIDN'T TREAT THAT MORNING THOSE PATCHES NOW COVER

SEED PROMANYACRES. MY trail, ofkingdom the wilderness the GLORY AND WHITE TOPWHEN IS DUCTION BELOW NORMALliving is in soul the outhomemade I MENTIONED THE MATTER. I CAN AND THAT SOWEEDY NOTfit; its rites find their authority and ACTIVATED CARBON PAY TAXES ORFEED,only in complete expression the singBISULPHIDE HAVE WOULD FAMILY. THE NOBODYing heart of the his makes boy who

SEEDS) BUYS WEEDYown. iFIXED EVERYTHING.-

THESE DAYS 1.

On the Method of Your Going 'T'his is the real crux of the whole "N

ASf,S'jof. matter of camping: You can

make the long hike a nightmare of aching shoulders, blistered feet, dust and disgust, or you can give the boys the exalted thrill of the pioneers how? Let them find their own way!

the each theGive them and map fullcompass. Let the With Lots of Carbon Bisulphide of them be

fear of getting lost. A boy who's and

not sure he's trail the right on going time to spend worrying much isn't Watk Mieed Cns hisabout hurts. pack much how

The most hateful thing I ever did in my life was to line up ninety boys in a row and hike them single file from the head of the Beckler River over the divide to Shoshone Lake,

Yellowstone, 1929, stopping every WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER, 636 California St., San Francisco

fifteen minutes while they counted (Concluded on page 538) Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches

AUGUST 1946 537 WHEN SCOUTS GO CAMPING (Concluded from page 537) suit their own fancy. Then I called boys, and we never did lose a boy.

off. The only one who had any fun them together, and on the map We've been lost with boys several

on that walk was the man in front pointed to where we were. I pointed times—but we were all lost togetherwho had the map and the compass. out Shoshone Lake eight miles to the—never alone. Several times boys

just slowlyThe remainder trudged east the map. on thought have they Then I electrified were we lost—butalong, eating the dust of each boy saying, them boys, by "Goodbye, of they were. knew If any where

the boy in front, heads down, think- I'll see you there at sunset."Some you scoutmasters want to know how

shoulders—whileing about the heat, upand everytheir achingglade whilegroupsothers,left at notoncesoonsurea highof themlope, whatto do we'vethat, we'lllearned.be glad to tell you

could have been high adventure. I selves, lingered for one more lesson

never did it again—and I've never with map and compass. Emery There's a great deal more to tell

lost a boy. The next year we went Wight and I hiked leisurely over the—but the telling would give away

back with each pair of boys equipped ridge, through the timber and arthe great secret. No outdoorsman

with map and compass. At the head rived at the lake, thinking we would can tell you much about it. He can

of the Beckler River I allowed the have a long wait before all of our tell about the times he killed the bear

Scouts to form in hiking groups to boys were accounted for. No one or caught the big fish, but he can

was in sight. Then suddenly with never tell you with words the meanComanche yell the horde was upon ing of the fir, the spruce, the thin air

us. Springing from behind rocks, of the mountaintops, the rain, the

f/nasj/rve. thai / trees, and bushes, the whole troop hail, the dark, the daybreak, the

performed a perfect ambush. Not a smell of the earth, the feel of the

boy was missing—all were present. ground under the sleeping bag, the

That night they voted it the best crackling wood of the fire—no, he hike they'd ever had. cannot tell it—and he would not if

*r *r takenPleasemuchdon'tchanceassumeon thatlosingI'veboys.ever hesacred,could.tooTherefull areof somemeaningthingsto toobe

Sherman Barton and I, as profestold; but on the long trail, the good

sional campers have hiked better trail, you can drink your own heart than three thousand miles with a full of the good things—according

total of more than four thousand to the size of your soul.

*\ 1 OSCAR A. KIRKHAM-A LEADER OF YOUTH

RENNETCUSTARDS make MILK more fun (Continued from page 494) \\7hat national leaders think of

A feller can get tired of drinking milk at communities in the Church of Jesus him is reflected in the comments age, eat he but milk any can Christ of with a Latterday Saints than Fretwell, of Dr. president Elbert K.

is different! Eggless, spoon noncooked

else. anywhere has Elder Kirkham of the National Council rennetcustards delicious, and are colorful whose

milk desserts for the family—whole been the file leader for these boys friendship covers a period of many itself. digestible more readily milk than

They retain all the food values of milk. with a smile. His slogan, the "funyears, who wired as follows:

of scouting"has been a rallying all "Junket"Rennet grocers. way Powder the living emOscar Kirkham is to me Already sweetened. Six favorite—Atflavors. cry. spirit, to of the scouting devoted bodiment Vanilla Chocolate Lemon

Orange Maple Raspberry his his helping to to country, and God, and of the world, Scouter Brother As

Tablets "Junket"Rennet ability rare the of other people. has He I / chief ofhas morale been Kirkham sweetened. sugar. Add themselves. has helping help to people He taste. "Ac—Notflavor to Each *>'tablet ficer at the contingent of American 4 or 5 rennetcustard will great national makes a be always and been

than a pint desserts or more reall of the International Jamborees leader in scouting. in automatic of ice cream

frigerators. 12

druggists. grocers and

ing the National Jamboree in 1937, rector of research and statisticsV in package. At since their inception in 1920 includ- H. W. Hurt, national scouting diWashington, D.C. He was one of states in a letter:

FREE seven officials at the World Jam- a than we have MenuFor more in to represent boree Holland Amer- I Planning facilitate the labored in a common quartercenturycause—to 1 for helps ica in international the conference

1 into responsible of youth mothers, development "Doubleof youth. His many friends incitizenship....

Duty Menus and [ clude Lord BadenPowell, chief Across these years our contracts carried,

Recipes"; spiritual the of force. impact always of the world, Scout trial also E. West, James

to of I package symbolized, me, have Somehow, you chief Teliof America, Scout Count "Junket"religious vigor sturdy of version a modern Rennet directoire in scouting of Hungary, that old. Tablets. thouof of the prophets I know HIW*2%gZ<JSse ki,

and many other world recognized sands have been made more aware of the "The 'Junket'Folks,"Scouters who looked upon him as the eternal values of life by the challenge and

Inc. Chr. Laboratory, Hansen's as whether wholesomeness of your example spiritualizer of scouting. stood He Falls, Little Dept. Y. 78, (In N. Canada,

citizen, or as the a churchman, or husband Toronto, Ont.) for the of the Scout Wisdom, Word Please send "DoubleDuty and Menus family. father of a marvelous and

trial Recipes"free package and "Junket"his oath, the with Scout and law, and is richer of because Scout movement The Tablets. Rennet

this singing {Just paste voice coupon postcard great on was an inspirathese values which you have embodied as address.} your and add and name

it. tion to in land. every boys of you worked

538 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Oscar A. Kirkham—fmwfc #ajCMK-

A Leader of Youth For Picnic Sandwiches Mr. Harold F. Pote, national director of personnel for the Boy During this picnic season, it's very imScouts of America was chosen to pay portant to use bread sparingly and

tribute to Brother Kirkham at both waste none. Sandwiches made with

the San Jose conference of Region Royal Bread are deliciously nutritious.

Twelve Scout executives and the

Buck Hill conference of national staff members. He writes

The written word is too cold to do justice to the subject, i.e., Oscar Kirkham and

what he has meant to scouting through these many years.

It seems to me that your associates of the national staff have, because of what you have stood for, recognized in you a fast friend. On many occasions I have heard

men speak of their feelings of "steady support"from you in times of need. You may

not recall it, but when I was under the greatest pressure at the 1944 conference at

Buck Hill Falls, you wrote a special message to me, quoting a man by the name of

Sweitzer which was designed to help me think through my responsibilities and to relieve me from pressure. This has been characteristic of your leadership through the

years.

In the international conference, I know your counsel and advice helped Dr. West,

as chief of our group of six delegates, tremendously.We insist that even though you retire 5#\ i r* riryi,, r \o* * *

title special must of us. remain as oneyou A Rveo d<in<

old, of times In for you. devised the Sibe ** given special status as elderpatriarchs were 4

...statesmen.?x**ow*r.u 'Dr. Ray O. Wyland is well known /%

to scouting and to Scouters in ourChurch in his official capacity as na- o&SL tional director of the religious emphasis of the program. He says:

for delicate, Latterin the I scouting of think When sparkling Tea HIT! MENU TEA

I for think of you, in no Church, Saintday is always Jelly Garden Box School Lunch contribhas leadership your measure,small GARDEN delicious, wholesome.

Sticks Carrot of record the outstanding touted in batches small the It's JELLY made Sandwich Meat than enrolls more which Church clear,Mormon and sugar pure of Garden Jelly on Tea leadscouting, in of percent its boysseventy pressed juice, gently rich Bread Nut ing all churches, as Utah leads all states, in from fresh, ripe, tableApple Cocoa the percentage of boys who are receiving quality fruit.

training.Scout

It is natural that we should think of you TASTES LIKE HOMEMADE. Because it's made like HomeMods

as the ambassador of scouting to the

Church, but I am equally appreciative of your mission as the ambassador of the

Church to scouting. Because of your personality and unexcelled spirit, the Church

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is held in high regard among all our Scout leaders.

I believe you are the best missionary inyour Church, and it is entirely fitting that The Quality you should be designated as one of the selected of the Seventy, PresidentsSeven for of the Soap the missionary program superviseto

Church throughout the world. We will miss you in scouting circles. No PARticular

one will ever fill your place, but I am happy to report that your son, Rock M. Kirkham,is making an excellent record, and he will Housewives!

carry on the work which you have so well established.

(Concluded on page 540) AUGUST 1946 539.

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM-A LEADER OF YOUTH

(Concluded from page 539) service to his community; to scouting localScout, in action. The fibre of the man, his

I am one of the many who cherish your ly, nationally, and internationally and to intense loyalty to fundamentals in scouting friendship and the happy associations we his Church, it is easy to compare -him to a and religion; his love for his fellow men;

have had through a quarter of a century.... great sturdy, deeply rooted, immovable, his ability to lead, and his great sense of

stately, widespreading oak tree—one that humor withal, have been an inspiration to

C. J. Carlson, regional Scout exstands alone on the country side. me. To see and hear him, as I have many

ecutive directing the scouting activiOscar is sturdy in stature, stately, deeptimes, lead an audience of fifteen hundred ties in the four western states and rooted and immovable in his convictions as or more Scout executives in the great songs

Hawaii, to whom Brother Kirkham togoodness.honor, justice,His influence,fair play,helpfulnessand Christianand ofthingthe toChurchrememberand forscoutingmany hasa day.been somewas deputy Scout executive says: 'sheltering'service to thousands has been I regard Oscar Kirkham as one of the

Your contribution to the Boy Scouts of widespread and farreaching. He has the great pioneers of scouting, a regular infeeling, of seeing, underunusual faculty is ratherAmerica noteworthy. unique and dividualist on the side of God and humanthe and interpreting human personalityBecause of your and... outlook on standing, side ity.

the richer and fuller things of life you have of life. He touches people's hearts and

richly endowed the personnel of scouting moves them to action. And so to Oscar A. Kirkham,

with a spiritual touch that will long be reJohn A. Stiles, chief executive these tributes serve as but a chaltrulymembered. have You left living moncommissioner of The Boy Scouts lenge for his everincreasing devotrailuments along the of scouting.

Association of Canada, and a lifetion to youth, that young people may

D. E. Hammond, Scout executive long friend of both Brother Kirkham live to the best that lies within them,

of the Salt Lake Council and and the Latterday Saint people, challenged to that best by his evermember of the scouting committee of writes: wise, everfriendly leadership.

the Young Men's Mutual ImproveFor twentyfive years I have watched—From material by Dr. George

ment Association has been closely Oscar Kirkham, the militant Christian Stewart and other sources.

associated with Brother Kirkham for many years, first as his assistant in the Salt Lake Council, and since then THE EDITOR'S PAGE with the Y.M.M.I.A., the sponsors (Concluded from page 491) according to promise, also came to

of the scouting program in the told him how delighted I was to have me.

Church. Brother Hammond writes: it and that I would place it in the The Lord is helping us; it is marIt is interesting that to observe A. Oscar is opened and how the way genealogical library in Salt Lake velous

initials spellKirkham's think As you OAK. frequently are people how other City. life hisof and accomplishments, his great

prompted to prepare their genealBefore I left the room, he said, "Mr. Smith, this is my mother's genogies. But sometimes we fail to take advantage of our opportunities to

ealogy, the Gates'genealogy. We prepare our genealogies, notwithare also preparing my father's genethe standing pointedvery has Lord

It family. will Dawes'alogy—the ly said that unless take care of we

it this. like is finjust one be When will rejected our temple be work we

I like ished, to a send would you with our dead. This is a very serious copy of that also."

thing. This is something that we

genealogy!—andFifty thousandjustdollarsbecauseworthI triedof ourcannotopportunitieschange, ifuntilwe lifehavepasses.wasted

to be polite to someone. There may be other such men

I do not think that was an accithere may be a Charles G. Dawes or

dent. The Dawes family is one of Rufus Dawes in your line, or mine,

is prompted by the the most prominent families in the someone who

United States: and in that line is the Lord to gather these wonderful recif there is, we shall have For nearly a quarter of a century Gates family, including Jacob Gates. ords. And KOLOB has grown with the West. Other Church families also run been greatly blessed—if we use such

this Today for progressive for company which the purpose is through these books. findings foremost general insurance among given us. they have been But we

in agencies this territory... represented by more than 300 agents This man Rufus Dawes died becannot expect others to do this work

... offering policies for every fore the second volume was finished. for us.

risk. known For complete and He left word with Charles G. So the Lord, in one way or ancompetant service, insurance see

the KOLOB AGENT in your comDawes, his elder brother, to be sure other, encourages, advises, and munity. to send me a copy of that book counsels us to do our work. Some

when it was finished. Well, I was families who can't do the work themafraid that Charles G. Dawes didn't selves have someone else working

know anything about it, so about a all the time on their temple genealyear later I called on him and told ogy, and records.

him how I had obtained the other If we do our part, our genealogies all said, volume. will about in "I know He be unfolded to us—sometimes RATION CDRPO

will I have of another sometimes it, and we one way, my in another. So Manager FRANK SALISBURY,

father's line for you as soon as it is want to suggest to you, my brethren 330 Judge Bldg. Phone 4-8451

completed."And this second volume, and sisters: let us do our part.

540 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA H

little closerDon't Be a Lobsfer oftogetherthis meetingas brotherswas thatwill.eachThebrotherresult ofthantheseever.twoEachsoulswenteventoahis with bed

{Continued from page 496) went to his home with some rather some definite resolutions, vanced to a position Iago wanted definite plans for the night. SomeAbram arose from his bed. Said

himself. He set a trap for the good thing happened in the exchange of he to himself, "When I go home at

Cassio and lowered him to the dust. confidences that brought the hearts (Concluded on page 542)

Then he plotted against his commander, accusing Desdemona of infidelity, until in a rage of jealousy the

Moor himself killed his lovely wife and then with a dagger ended his own life. As a boy would say, this

was a double feature in this story of jealousy.

Pick up the history of any nation.

There is a trail of murder and crime as a result of this thing called jealousy. Brothers poisoning brothers

to get the throne is an act played throughout the ages.

Jealousy is a cancer of the worst type, and like a cancer, the only hope of escaping its terrible punishment is to destroy it in its very early stages.

It is better by far not to let it get the slightest encouragement to fasten itself to you. Jealousy is like the

octopus of the seas.

Another person we read of in holy writ, in a fit of jealousy, slew his brother. Ever since this chapter

when Cain played this role with his brother, this octopus of the human makeup has been taking its toll. When your brother, your friend, It's a Stronger, SurerFooted

and even your competitor, attain in thisrecognition that, rejoice or bigTractor Spreader yourwith him. Then you show

ness—then you show you are proud TF you're going to need a new spreader in the near future, it will pay

to be called one of God's children. you to learn about the better work and longer life features that are

Are you a musician? Do you bebuilt into the John Deere Model "H"RubberTired Tractor Spreader.

come envious of the other fellow Built entirely of steel, the Model "H"has an abundance of strength when he sings or plays well? Are for heavyduty tractor operation and mechanical loading. Box and

you a mechanic Do you rejoice when frame are one unit—rigidly braced and trussed to prevent bending or

another is skilful? Are you ambitious twisting out of shape.

as a speaker? Do you feel badly if a The bigcapacity, rollerbearing-mounted beaters are geared for

competitor, as it were, in this busitractor speed—do a firstclass job of shredding and spreading manure.

ness of oratory does very well? Are Proper weight distribution of the loaded box on both spreader and

you an artist? Is there resentment in tractor wheels provides "surefootedness"for successful year 'round

your soul when another artist gains operation. Wet, slippery fields or feed lots won't keep the Model "H"

recognition for a portrait or a landidle when there's manure to spread.

scape? Are you a pigmy or giant in Short turning radius; enclosedoil-bathed feed ratchet; completely

your soul? shielded chains and drives; convenient operating levers and easily

Don't be a lobster! raised or lowered frontend foot support are other valuable features

you'll find in the Model "H".

"\17'hile attending a stake conferDeere dealer See your the availability about John of the moneyence a few months ago, I heard line handling: of manure making equipment. Write John President George F. Richards tell a Moline, Illinois, for free folders. Deere,

story that warmed me to the bone.

It was a story of Cain and Abel in reverse. Here's the story:

Abram and Zimri had worked John Deere Model"harmoniously together for years.

wheat.Their main crop was One

time harvest night during they had Tractor Spreader spent considerable time in confiding

AUGUST 1946 541 DON'T BE A LOBSTERFOR MUSIC MD ART (Concluded from page 541) as each one visited his respective night a loving wife greets me with a piles of grain he noticed that it wellcooked supper and my children looked about the same, although climb upon my knee. Zimri goes some sacrifice had been made in

home to a cold house with no one to each case in the direction of the put a kiss upon his brow. I'll arise other.

and take some of my sheaves and The next night Abram took his place them upon his stack."He arose sheaves again and carried them to

and with the help of the moon inthe grain of his brother. He then lay

creased the heap of his brother's behind his own heap to solve the grain. mystery. He didn't have to wait

But Zimri, too, was stirred with an long. His brother, with the same

emotion that had to be satisfied with emotions, was increasing the gran- a like noble deed. Thought he, "As ary of Abram.

Abram goes to his home tonight Abram arose and caught his broththere are many more mouths to feed er Zimri in his arms and wept upon than there are under my roof. Unhis neck and kissed his cheek, and

known to him I will take some of my Zimri saw the whole and could not sheaves and place them upon his speak, neither could Abram for their stack."He arose from his bed and hearts were full.

carried sheaves to increase his broth-... Sweeter sings the brooklet by,

er's stack. Then he went to bed to Brighter beams the azure sky;

pleasant dreams. Oh, there's one who smiles on high

Lo and behold, the next morning When there's love at home.

IT'S THE EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONSSunday TRIBUNE {Continued from page 513) but instead used his own, E. D.

leaving an infamous Howe, thus resulting of antiMor- mass The The current scene in music generations. to later literature to heritage hesitate did not mon

... in art... in literature blacken and malign the Prophet's The charge that Joseph Smith was

first the rests a upon money digger effusions years. of hate These... the stage is an interest early fact that established he once was 1, to three charges: reduced may be

shared by everyone. AnThe Smith family were unworthy employed to dig for a "lost"silver

swering this universal appeople; 2, Joseph Smith, the Prophmine. One Josiah Stoal so employed

et, was a money digger; and 3, he the young man. Joseph Smith has

peal is The Sunday Salt was a user of peepstones. fully acknowledged this employ10

last long. did not which Lake Tribune, which each The charge against the character ment,

this into fact Scandal has multiplied upon family was based the Smith week turns its attention to of in a career of digging for money upon affidavits people from several the new developments in Palmyra and neighborhood. These the part of Joseph Smith, until the

all these arts. You will find affidavits were collected by one P. readerliteratureof unprincipledis left with theantiMormonimpression Hurlburt, of unsavory fame, who

here a basis ior keeping in had been cast out from the Church that the citizens of Palmyra did little else than dig for piratical gold under touch with these cultural infor adultery. In revenge he prothe leadership of a halfgrown boy.

ceeded to write a book against the of fact that further fluences. to the Book The the music Turn affidavits these in which Mormons,

plates buried in a hill, were Mormon ex- a casual included. in Even Sunwere your and art section

amination of them shows that they helped to spread the money digging day Salt Lake Tribune. were written by one hand in opposistories. The hunting for "lost"treastion to Joseph Smith and his claims. ure was not unique to that time and

It is today. going on merrily It place. signatures. It secure easy to was

achieved never But it has community is method emtoday. same easy The

ployed in our day, might even secure proportions. There is no particular

for the "lost"silver mine, or for em-\ 1 petentaffidavitsstudentsthat whitehave isrefusedblack. toComac- blame attaching to Stoal for hunting

ploying Joseph Smith to do the digcept the value of these affidavits; or

have ignored them. It is also to be ging. The Smiths sought employnoted that Hurlburt's reputation was ment, and in the words of Pomeroy

Tucker did such labor jobs as were such that the publisher dared not use the Hurlburt name on the title page, available, including "gardening, harvesting, welldigging, etc."u

9See, for example, J. H. Kennedy, Early Dags of

p. 17; also most

his lifetime. during y Mormonism,Smith, published of the books on Joseph xaEldersuTucker,Journal.op. cit.,Julyp, 121838, p. 43 N

542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Evidences and Reconciliations DIRECT ROADHonest historians cannot safelymake the charge that Joseph Smith to Office Employment was a professional money digger.

Likewise, no credence can be (J"7HOROUGH training at the L. D. S. Business

and at lowplaced upon the charge that Joseph J College will help you qualify—quicklywas a peepstone user. AntiMormon cost—for excellent business or government office work.

writers are prone to suggest that the

Prophet spent his time in leading Plan now to take elementary or advanced courses people into many a fruitless chase in shorthand (pencil or machine), typewriting, bookfor lost money supposed to be rekeeping, accounting, or general office work.

vealed by peepstones. Included in

these stories are incantations, digNew students may enter at any time. Registration

ging in the full of the moon, sprinkdates for regular Fall Term: Monday, August 26; and

ling the chosen spot with blood from Tuesday, September 3.

a black sheep, and other like absurdities. According to these writers, Write for new bulletin of information

every form of black art was practicedby this lad. From the age of four- L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

teen on, he must have had the whole 70 North Main Street Salt Lake City 1, Utah Telephone 3-2765 community by the ear. It is curious

that in the Palmyra newspaper of the day, seldom is a mention made of such affairs! Perhaps the editorwas himself a party to these negotiatlobody Lsan Stop LOSS—

tions with Lucifer! Koveryooaif Kan *Sivoia Ut cJnrougn

The claims that Joseph Smith had communication withhad supernatFIRE INSURANCE! furnished the foundationural beings

for the later tales of Mormonhaters # When you come here for insurance you about Joseph's peepstone activities. get it, coupled with attentive, experienced

Then, by the usual accretions from service. This is an agency of the Utah

lips, the story grew, andmany was Home Fire Insurance Co.

in fostered whosefed and by those hearts was a hate of the work to UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CD.

which Joseph Smith was called by Heber J. Grant & Co., General Agents

God. All of the Prophet's history Salt Lake City, Utah

points away from superstition, and towards belief in an unseen world in which God and his associates dwell.

Carefully examined, the charges.. I USE for OVER FIFTY YEARSagainst the Smith family and Joseph WE OffER

Smith, the boy and young man, fail A COMPLETE Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

SERVICE ENGRAVING throat sore and other minor mouthto be proved. is no acceptable There

Missionary Portraits to the Largest From irritations. and throat Catalogues. them, only gosevidence to support

sip, and deliberate misrepresentaMail Orders Given Prompt Attention

CO. ENGRAVINGtion. UTAH poor family were The Smith

Regent St. HALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah Salt Lake City, Utah re113 hardworking, honest,but and

ligious people. Joseph Smith was not

a money digger, nor did he deceive people with peepstone claims. It is

almost beyond belief that writers cJhe cfatnuy c/hat uieads cJogether who value their reputations, would reproduce these silly and untrue,.. uiotas cJogether

charges. It suggests that they may

have set out to destroy "Mormonism,"rather than to detail true history. The life of Joseph Smith as boy THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

and youth, was normal, and worthy of imitation by all lovers of truth. 12 Issues $2.00

—/. A. W.

AUGUST 1946 543 ouTVage ani Ours

Leavitt Family Reunion Draws 430 Descendants Landed Aristocracy

To Cardston "Why do they call him a gentleman farmer?"

Four hundred thirty descendants of Thomas Rowell "Because the only thing he raises is his hat."

Leavitt, pioneer of the Cardston district of Alberta, Canada, met recently in Cardston for a family reunion. The family has Responsibility Fixed

of in research, one genealogical a fund record and enviable an position particular responsible need "For this a very we activity. this collected dollars continue to Thomas hundred was

man."later in 1887, and east of Cardston Leavitt homesteaded R.

applicant. the declared "That "In must be me,"all my

other I anything that went wrong they always said jobs when:.'!;., it."for responsible was

Tit for Tat He had found some holes in his socks and said: "Wife,

dear, why haven't you mended these?"

"Hubby, darling, did you buy me that coat for Christmas, as you promised?"

"N-no.""Well, if you don't give a Wrap, I don't give a darn."

Old Flame

"Mrs. Jones is very determined that her husband shall resign

Martha B. Matkin, Mildred fire are: present the sisters from department."Baker The

B. Esther B. Matkin, Annie Olson, B. Charlotte Leishman, B. so?""How Gonier, B. Alice B. Bushman, Larson, B. Phoebe Mary Lynds, "Well, it seems B. Jensen. Hattie Stott, and B. lima he's been paying too much attention to.-'an flame."old

Leavitt of was town The in Cardston. first home built the Sure of One End

father of the was three times and him. for He married named

twentysix children. Irate executive on phone: "Hello, hello. Are there any

idiots line?"on this reunion at the who blithering his were descendants of Twentyone little voice And a meek replied: "Not on this end, sir."still serving others were the of armed forces; been members had

overseas or were en route home. Six had made the supreme Understatement

sacrifice.

Also present at the reunion were ten Baker sisters, grand- "There's a terribly large cavity in your mouth,"said the daughters of Thomas R. Leavitt, who were reunited for the dentist.

first time in thirty years. "Yes, I know,"repied the patient; "you're looking down

During business sessions of the reunion John L. Redford my throat."

was reelected as president of the organization, with Rulon

Leavitt and Darus Leavitt as vice presidents, and Matthew Definition

Esther Baker Lynds was named as secretarytreasurer. Leavitt Cynic: person from a coldly logical mind who speaks A

worker. head research heart. instead of a warmly human

Waterloo Dear Editors:

circus the rope walker say and "You juggler has gone inon to a membership get The already, I want time ALONG for fiancee to do it I asked and Era my Improvement tried the to family he balance me, sane?""Yes, budget."

it. forgot afraid she I'm but

long baptized not being Church, of the member a Dutch I'm Audible References

I had in Holland, and immediately last year) of (October ago to sail to the Indies. I heard of the gospel and became a serious Second hand car salesman: "This car is sound in every

examiner of it when I was a prisoner of war in Germany for part."

three years. We had a very active elder there, Lieutenant Prospective buyer: "So I hear."

Commander Vlain, preaching the gospel everywhere and after two years, we had a small community of eleven interested Proof of the Pudding last monthly and the every meetings Sunday persons, having "Shall

In there. It time too. marvelous a meetings was M.I.A. "We can'tI askeatthereferences—getnew cook for herreferences?"to submit samples.!"it is I too. fine Saints, a such So met and England, Holland

great loss to be isolated in the Indies now. I've got some Plenty of Room

books and old Eras, but I want to remain acquainted with'all

Church news and activities. "Now that I have my degree from college, I'm looking for

field in which to exercise my talents."the dif- a large remains membership however, of my The payment, the fortyacre "Well, field is about ready for fall plowing."ficulty, send money, perhaps you Dutch do it? I can for how to

impossible. in dollars too, but seems to pay a bit English, But Never Run Down English and I have a way. some perhaps know you will

Australian pounds available. Judge: "How do you know that you weren't breaking the

Hoping to hear something of you and to be able to receive speed limit? Your speedometer was stopped."

your so much appreciated Eras, I remain, Man: "I know, but my wife wasn't."

Rirschcaum, R. R. SubLieut. (8) Description

S. Kortenser H. M.

Royal Netherlands Navy "Don't you think she sings heavenly?"

Batavia "I don't know about that—but I know that it's unearthly."

544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

CONSERVE FDDD

THIS SUMMER

Can all the fruit your sugar allowance will permit. Your own wellstocked shelves are the best assurance of food during this time of

worldwide shortage.

Spare stamps 9 and 10, War Ration

Book Four, are each good for 5

pounds of canning sugar, through

October 31. Stamp No. 49 is

good for 5 pounds, for table use,

through August 3 1

rrU and I"Sugar is home produced... unsurpassed in quality... perfect for every use.

UTAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPANY

MMMI H RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT i-AKE CITY i; UTAH

SURVI VAL...

In Nature's stern economy, trees, plants, and mountain peaks endure only as they are able to withstand the shock and stress of the elements.

Man has an advantage. He can foresee and guard against many hazards

that beset his way. v. and the safest

bulwark he can build around his family is life insurance—to protect them

rant in a time of need*

f u

SfMNf

SiltII <:U II* f JSSp:JKm: I# IK. s. -

Mm:!l:;i4ifiiwi:iMfa

(St/our bomialii oHgigBgEHB Sbert Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, U