January 6, 1936 REGISTRATION for Winter Quarter

The University of Utah

Courses for freshmen and all new entrants Park Building

High Scholastic Standards are maintained. The State University has an

unquestioned reputation among other institutions of higher learning. Its

credits are accepted everywhere.

Health, Personal Problems, and recreational needs of students are adequately cared for by the Student Health Service, the Bureau of Student

Counsel, and through the various social and professional groups.

Extracurricular Activities, sponsored by the Associated Students, provide opportunities for the ambitious student to participate in debating, dramatics, music, journalism, and intramural as well as competitive athletics.

MAKE YOUR PLANS NOW TO ENROLL LOWER DIVISION ARTS AND SCIENCES MINES AND ENGINEERING

EDUCATION MEDICINE BUSINESS LAW EXTENSION DIVISION GRADUATE WORK

New students should file their credits with the Registrar a month in advance of the new quarter.

Send at once for full information about courses, fees, and requirements.

Address, THE PRESIDENT UNIVERSITY OF UTAH SALT LAKE CITY

BIBLE FOR A&aDAY.A

Needed i n Every Ch r istia n Hom e

55 Features. 7 Great Departments Make

THE NEW CHAINREFERENCE BIBLE Truly a Bible Plus a Biblical Library in One Volume /THIRD 3lMfi\OwA EDITION\ \EDITED BY REV. F. C. THOMPSON, D.D., PH.D/

Not an ordinary Reference Bible with the generation."No other Bible is so closely at*

usual socalled "Helps."This is the only work tuned to this progressive, busy age; no other

of its kind in the world. New! Different! Betgives the Bible teaching on so many new subter! The only Bible with all the helps opposite jects of every day interest; no other offers as

the verses or directly connected with them. many as over 100,000 references analyzed and

The only Bible analyzed by Book, Chapter and classified according to thoughts in the verses.

Verse. The only Bible containing thoughts Only in this work will you find the great truths

linked with references, suggesting deeper spirof the Bible taught by contrast. And every

itual meaning. A great stimulus to Bible study. particle of inspiring information is made instantly offers this the available Bible only of course through the And most paper, India General System, Reference devised Chain Numerical Index ever for a thick famed 1%-inch Bible—overcomplete

for Bible in seven Helps greatest topics, thousand development places. "the a names and Master-... "A

piece of Condensation."

Compare this List with other Bibles—11 NEW Features Added!

of 1. Forces Destructive Constructive to the of the English chart study and you Origin showing Unique Growth The Revised and Version is given in the wide

Life, subBible. such verses under Bible the out with opposite verses, margin the wherever iman

2. etc. Unbelief, Periods, Bible Outline Studies of as Bibjects comparing Faith—The in Courage—Fear,full in portant difference occurs. meaning

lical Life, Studies, Life Life, History such Secular asLove—Hatred,printedBusiness DevoHistory. with Contemporary 33. Home

3. The Analysis of the Bible as a Whole. tional Life, The Surrendered Life, etc.

4. The Analysis of each of the 66 Books of the Bible. 34. Bible Stories for Children. A list of 56 stories to be

itself. 5. Analysis every Chapter of from of the Bible The Testament. read the New

Analysis Bible. 35. Miracles of both entire Verses f the o of the 6. The the Old and New Testaments listed ENDORSED BY LEADERS

7. Chronological Order. Numerical In Reference Chain The Systems. Bible and has before ever No the praise won

Special of the 8. Parables of of Old Analysis the 36. Parables Testament. Important the Characters. New so of Bible renowned students many and

listing Only, those in given 9. Contrast Testament, Gospel the those Old One between and NewBibleTestaments. Evangelists, workers. scholars, editors and

in 10. given given in those Three. Treasury. Topical for and Topics Prayer MeetThe Two, New the ministers in praising the Chain Newings, of Titles of Christ; the 37. Meetings, Men's of 'sMeetings, Holy Spirit; Names and Missionary MeetWomen

Bible, God joinReference it, because they have foundings, of People's etc. Satan. Father; Meetings, the Young and

11. Special Bible Readings for private devotions and pub38. General Bible Prophecies. in actual use, to be by far the most valuable

lic services. New and different subjects. 39. A List of the Prophets of the Bible. and practical working Bible ever published.

12. Bible Harmonics of the Lives of Moses and Paul. 40. List of Judges of Israel and Judah given in Chronolog13. Special Portraits of Jesus. ical Order.

14. Chart of the Messianic Stars. 41. List of the Notable Women of the Bible.

15. Chart showing cause of the Babylonian Captivity. 42. Mountains and Hills referred to in Bible, listing the

mon16.onChartthe Mount.of the Temple of Truth, illustrating the SerScenes43. Dictionaryof Great Events.Material. SEND NOW

17. Chart of Jesus'Hours on the Cross. 44. Tables of Time, Money, Weights and Measures.

18. The Christian Workers'Outfit. Of special value to soul Eleven New Features Added in the Third Improved Edition for thiswinners.

19. All Classified, listing Prominent Bible Characters the the 45. Historical interval Bridge, covering between ThePatriarchs, Leaders in History, Early Courageous Hebrew big Testaments. Old and FREE New etc., theirReformers, given. with of meaning names the 46. History of Apostles. showing the Chart

20. Bible. the Golden of Chapters different citing in 47. references of the Gospels, Harmony

21. General Complete of seven over Index thousand A descriptive given. are events where Gospels

topics, places. names and 48. of Christian the Era. Calendar

22. selected Special Verses each from of Book the Memory illusPost-Resurrection Jesus, 49. of Appearances TheBible.

paintings. wellknown trated with

23. of Seven Editions Chart Showing Divine Law. BOOK Asia, described 50. of of Churches Seven the Chart by

24. Prodiga of Son. the Graph John.

or to Bible 25. memorize. Mnemonics, how1 Evangelistic of Outline the 51. Missionary History and An

26. Principles of Bible Best Study. Methods and The of the Early Church. Work gentsWanted Illustration Pictorial of of Inspiration. the 27. River A their Fulfillment, prophesies 52. Concerning Jesus and The best Bible Explaining 28. methods of Markings, marking principal verses Chronologically, printed out arranged with

Bible.one's

full. in 29. Concordance. Distances 53. from Showing Approximate Jerusalem Map of Atlas colored for 12 index 30. quickly locatwith maps CO., B. B. BIBLE KIRKBRIDE Points. Historical to Various

places.ing Bldg., Life 12123, Meridian Dept. of Interior the 54. Chart Showing the Arrangement Temple

in Other Indianapolis, Cyclopedia Features Indiana. Text Jerusalem. at

Topical Bible. 31. of the Correlated Scriptures Study Illustrated Special Jourthe Thirteen 55. Showing Maps obligation to cost or me, Withoutprinted out subtopics. topics under 2467 of Peter, the and Paul, Children of Three neys Journeys Jesus, and the illustrated of book, the big copy a sendNew "A as intimes Bible. other any manyin asfull Israel to separate are Canaan. maps, These from Egypt particulars Bible for Day,"and full a New Contrast 32. Bible. of the of Study Enables Truths Great several page. together mindof on one crowded you—not the of Third Edition Improved concerning

your New Chain Reference Bible, just off the press.

Send your special terms to Representatives.

NameB. B. Q<$rk/>ricle bible CO

2-133 MERIDIAN LIFE BUILDING Address..

INDIANAPOLIS, INDIANA City -State...!

GAIN we have reached the season when a perplexed and somewhat troubled world becomes more thoughtful. It seems a peculiarly fitting time for the Presidency and the

Superintendency of the Mutual Improvement Organizations to make grateful acknowledgment of the valued service of that great army of volunteer workers, in the stakes and wards and established missions of the Church, who give so unstintingly of their time and energy and talent that opportunities for culture and growth in spiritual power may be made available to all who will but receive, and to suggest, if we may, some of the contemplations which will lend courage for continued endeavor.

Christmas, as an anniversary commemorating the birth of the Master, marks the time of year when faith and hope and charity seem to penetrate the hearts of men more warmly, and when tolerance and brotherly kindness come conspicuously to the foreground, even if but for a short season. Men become, for the moment at least,

their better selves.

It is the season of remembrance—remembrance of Him who died that we might

live. And while we are about our remembering, would that with our remembrance of the past we may not forget the urgent needs of the present, in which a

restless generation seeks for guidance, for understanding, for companionship and for truth and changeless standards in a changing world.

It is the season of giving. And while we are about our giving, would

that we may include among our gifts things more priceless than can be purchased in our shops and more lasting than can be fabricated by the hands of men.

If we can give faith to a young man whose perception has become clouded by the intellectual maze of conflicting theory, fact and falsity, we shall have given that which leads to greater peace and lasting achievement.

If we can give hope to a neighbor whose hope in an eternal future has been dimmed by a much too worldly present, we shall have given that which opens a broader and more glorious outlook and adds new meaning to life.

If we can give high regard for virtue, honor, and chastity to a young woman whose sense of values has been shaded by mistaken ideas of what constitutes attractiveness, we shall have given someone an immeasurably better chance for unblemished happiness.

If we can give a searching, seeking generation a better plan of living and an absolute unwavering belief in God, in the divinity of Jesus Christ and in the divine mission of Joseph Smith we shall have given that which all the wisdom of men cannot duplicate and all the sophistry of men cannot destroy.

They who have such things to give will bring to themselves unmeasured joy if, by their giving, there be fewer who seek without finding. As we extend the greetings of this thoughtful season we do so with the earnest desire that the spirit of such

giving may extend far beyond the Yuletide, into the New Year, and for all time to come, that all who love truth may know the inner peace of a life well lived while yet we dwell together here, and completeness of joy in the Kingdom of our Father.

Albert E. Bowen, Ruth May Fox,

George Q. Morris, Lucy Grant Cannon,

Franklin L. West, Clarissa A. Beesley,

Superintendency—Young Men's Presidency—Young Women's

Mutual Improvement Association. Mutual Improvement Association.

.

Improvement DECEMBER, 1935 ERA EDITORIALS Christmas Gift!.-/. A W. 752

A Family Christmas -M. C. J. 752 Spirituality—Happiness * - H. R. M. 753

ARTICLES Greetings Superintendency and Presidency of

COMMUNITY CHRISTMAS TREE, BRIGHAM the Young Men's and Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association 722 CITY, UTAH A Scientist Looks at the Mysteries Dr. Harvey Fletcher 725

The Missionary and His Tools Dr. Joseph F. Merrill 730

The Poetic Quality in the Writings of Joseph Smith...Isaac B. Ball 734

Christ on Postage Stamps Richard Albert Hardie 736

Heber J. Grant, Christmas Dinner, 1840, by Osborne Russell...-. -...Judge W. H. Reeder 739

John A. Widtsoe, The Bible as Recreational Reading Adah Roberts Naylor 742

Editors In Mark Twain's Own Kingdom - George F. Paul 744

Harrison R. Merrill, An Historical Resume: Missions of South America—Argentina, Brazil, 19251935

Marba C. Josephson, G. Wallace Fox 746

Associate Editors Startling Statistics Elizabeth Cole 751 the Fair in Heath 754 to Don a Windjammer.- the Priesthood QuoDown Organ of 763 Ursenbach O. F. Field Flanders'in "Taps"rums, Improvement Mutual

Associations and Department of Education FICTION Morris, George General Mgr. Q.

Clarissa Beesley, Associate Mgr. Christmas Knight Sylvia Ruth Grant 728 A.

J. K. Orton, Business Mgr. "Fer Onct"Dorothy Ctapp Robinson 732

EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL A Silver Girdle—Part IV Claire W. Noall 740

OFFICES: SO North Main Street, Salt Lake

City, Utah by Copyright, 1932, the Young Men's POETRY

Mutual Improvement Association Gifts Grace Zenor Pratt 724

Corporation Jesus Church of Christ Saints. of Latterdayo'f the All WhenPerfectionWill This Day Come? Celia Larsen 745749 price rights reserved. Subscription

$2.00 a year, in advance; 20c Single The World's First Christmas Mrs. C. W. Waytand 750

- Copy. Sylvia 750 Probst the Shepherds To

Office, at Salt Entered the Post < 750...Rebecca Helman Prayers

City, as secondclass Lake Utah,...- 750 Julia a Wolfe W. Name Light For Me - at matter. for Acceptance mailing

special rate of postage provided for Mediator..Blanche Kendall McKey 750

in section 1103, Act a Long Day of October, On 1917, authorized 2, 1918. July—.RenaStoienbttrgArdyth KertnellyTravais 750750 Snow

The Sacred Grove JUice R. Rich 750

Violin...Miranda Walton 750

The Cover TheFlanders'HistorianField Speaks. ClaireO. StewartF. UrsenbachBoyer 768763

Rudyard Kipling 769VI7HEN the editors of the Era were The Dawn Wind for casting about an appropriate cover,Christmas they thought of all the DEPARTMENTS good things which they would like to be The Church Moves On 756 Mary Hale Woolsey's Songs that able to give, done up in beautiful packExploring the Universe 757 Reach the Heart H. R. M. 759

ages, to their readers. With the cooperaBook Reviews: Lights and Shadows on the Screen.... 760

of Bible....H. the Story 758 The M. R.tion of Gerstner, 761 Miss Ruth wrapped Teaching who Ward and Masonry Mormonismthe beautifully, packages Fielding K. 762 Priesthood Melchizedek 758 H. M. R.

artist, theSmith, Improvement Era and 764 Priesthood Aaronic Life's C. 758 Origin M.

Earl the photographer, they Lyman, proSinging Hearts H. J. 758 M. R. 766 Messages Mutual

the picture. presentduced the of 758 Sabbath True Sunday God767 Adults

We hope our readers will like it, and Mark Twain Wit and Wisdom.... Seniors 768

C. 758 M. J. in itwill see of gifts the great symbols MenGleaners 768

/. Youth's Captain C. M.which the have from to us come Lord 769 759 MGleaners C. Manners 759 Good M. J. ChristJesus the from and Gospel 769 which Juniors Pony Express Goes Through The

reestablished in thishas been day. Scouts 770 and We H. 759 Explorers M. R.

likeshould it also to symbolize heartiour Girls 770 BeeHive All Sail Set H. 759 R. M.

est good wishes. Yankee Arms Maker H. R. M. 759 Your Page and Ours 784

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY 'ARRIVAL OF THE SHEPHERDS"Picture by Henri Le Rolli.

GIFTS By GRACE ZENOR PRATT HPHE world is glorified, dear Lord, since Thou We live again that sweetest story told.

Wast born on that first Christmas night In every Christmas carol sweet and clear

In Bethlehem. We hear the angel voices as they sing;

in their long, long quest They say we have forgotten Thee, in vanity and greed, We follow sages

King. at last a before kneel with them for In searching those other gifts for those we love To

offer paltry to cannot gold died upon a cross, One who We time. Christmas At

lives triumphantly to who Or frankincense One of thee, have say no thought we Men of bitterness the not offer myrrh would Thee except in need. We

faith so, It is not the still glows fundamental Until passed Gethsemane. our souls through have some

As brightly as of yore, and fills the world The stardust and the tinsel of today,

With shining radiance, we know. Our tawdry gifts, but symbolize an offering to Thee, there;

In every gift, we see the gift they brought to Thee But O believe, on every Christmas Eve,

Of frankincense and myrrh and gold Our hearts turn toward Thee, Lord, in Bethlehem,

And when a silver star appears in yon bright sky In love and prayer.

A SCIENTIST LOOKS AT

THE MYSTERIES By DR. HARVEY FLETCHER

OR an appropriate text for controllable entity for the use of

1 less was years, than and man for FLETCHER 00 HARVEY this subject chosen I have a DR.

11, born 1884, September its transat witness use has how Alfred Tennypoem byF short his early Provo, Utah. had He living, of formed our then one modeson. in training the religion primary,

"Flower in the crannied wall, classes, M. I. A. and priesthood marvels at the capabilities of the

I pluck you out of the crannies, quorums in the Provo First Ward. human mind.

I hold you here, root and all, in my At the age of 20 years, he taught As against this great enfoldhand, his first physics classes in Brigham ment compare the utter lack of proLittle flower—but gress of the mind in solving these you are, rootifandI couldall, andunderstandall in all, memberYoung University,of the facultyandforcontinued12 years.a What

I should know what God and man is."He has been connected with this three great mysteries even in spite

subject ever since that time. In of the eons of time it has been at

the 1907 from he was graduated the job. say, to forced One is

University with Life! Life! Life! It is a great Brigham a Young stupid."these expeFor "Howmystery. S. B. degree. In 1908 was he

There are three great mysteries granted a leave of absence from the riences are universally felt, by which are forcibly brought to the Brigham Young University to take everybody. And when I speak of

graduate at the University work I of love that kind about which meanattention think. of all James who his persuaded sweetHe says, passeth that love Paul "the this sensedHunt Cook when he Chicago.heart, to with Lorena Chipman, go

wrote him. They were married Septemunderstanding."

ber 9, and left immediately for Why will some men lay down

Chicago. their lives for their friends? Mysteries Why, The

while at Chithey were It was sinking, did the Titanic was sunlight filtered through the "The early that Dr. Fletcher, cago on when working

filmy draperies to where a wondering a research problem during the last the cry go up to save the weak, the baby stretched his dimpled hands to catch two years of his stay there, became lame, and the sick, while the strong lit histhe that flesh rays like face and intimately R. Dr. acquainted with of their choice went own down

lights startled a rose. up His gazedawn the Millikan. A. Their on work their rather the ship use with than incaught the of held and day dawn determination of the elementary

rapturous looks that spoke the dawn of electrical charge is internationally strength to push the weak aside?

Self, for with the morning gleam out came known. It was an epochmaking From a rational point of view it

the greater wonder. the mystery It was achievement. foolish that could those was who

Life.of flattering In spite offers of from really the world a better help make "Across in satin cradle where, a sunk places, other Fletcher returned Dr.

pillows, lay a still, pale form as droops a to Brigham Young University and place in which to live were permitrose from some fierce heat, the evening remained there for five years as ted to be drowned while those who shadows fell aslant and spoke of peace head of the Department of Physics were already a burden on society twilight calm enclosed theThe world It during Mathematics. in and was live. to permitted weresilence little as deep the Truth, on and closely that this period he became of the mystery death I could Of face the place, given look wondering had I. associated with A. work, be- M.

to one of sweet repose. It was the mysing one of the first Scout masters, also say similar things but my subtery of Death. then ward president, and then stake ject for the time being is life and

foot the tapers "At head burned, and superintendent. During his last its stop purpose. Did you ever light that golden clove thea night as Hope President elected there year he was life of to think the mystery why encirclingthe the gloom. cot Across Sciences. of the of Utah Academy

where lay the fair, frail form, his hand It was with some misgivings that has not been solved? If our unreached out to hers and met and clasped Dr. Fletcher left this interesting derstanding of the creation of life

in touch. tender the burning Into eyes to to York. This work go New in the hands were would he of man

isof there each that the look came the feeling keenly shared more even was life. this of the very purpose wrecklight of life; self to that each, of spoke it wife, they decided both but by his

yet told they two were one. It was the would be best to accept the flattering Oh, but you say, we do know

mystery to which the mysteries Life and offer from the Research Department how to create life; all life springs

Death bow down—the mystery of Love."of the Bell Telephone Laboratories. from a seed. If the seed is placed

that Dr. Fletcher thought few a is in the proper environment and

intensive of hard would work great are mysteries These now years it. will fertilized result from a life satisfy that he so be would him have such beenand from the dawn is enBut answer to return that you to Utah. content These my

of history. Since they were sensed few years have now been extended shroud the problem of life with

to< real foras the problems time past twenty. some For human since mystery. greater a he even Ever

DiResearch Acoustical has been solve, to trejust think of themind I noticed from can I have remember Bell rector the of LabTelephone advancemendous manmade by to startling headlines antime time all oratories of has charge but now art, in literature,kind government, including Research, Physical Acousbiologist that great nouncing some in the almost unbelievable tics.and has attained a national He to generate discovered had how

the in reputation internationalscientific developments, of and most life; all out turned but they have particularly field those acoustics, of in taken placewhich have the last false. to be dealing with and speech phases

150 years. hearing. He was closely assoWhen one realizes that elecciated with the organization of the A FEW years ago Dr. Crile, of

tricity has been recognized as a Cleveland, invited me to visit

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

his famous clinic. He was studybring the tiny amoeba back to life."

ing the life processes of a simple Acoustical Society of America and "Oh, no,"said he, "for when the cell. He showed me an amoeba unbecame its first president. All of animal is once dead there is nothitder a microscope and called my atacousticsthe prominentboth researchin this countryworkersandin thing that we can do to bring

tention to the nucleus surrounded Europe now belong to this Society. back to life."

by a gelatinous mass. "Now,"he The group of workers which he has "Well,"I said, "then there must

said, "I have two electrodes which been directing in the Bell Laborbe other differences between the atories the has done remarkable galare connected to a sensitive that research has work made I place one of thesevanometer. posthanlife andjustdeatha potentialof thisdifference."living animal sible fidelity the transmishigh of

in the nucleus and the other in the sion of speech and music in the Although Dr. Crile has increased

surrounding gelatinous mass. radio, sound pictures, and phonogreatly our knowledge of the prothe graphs, recent most achievement the galvanlife, notice that cesses "You will of nor anyneither he

the development of a stereois deflected an being showingometer else in has generatsucceeded phonic system it posone which makes electric potential difference, or sible to reproduce sound in auditory ing or restoring life from elements pressure exists between nucleus perspective. not containing any germs of life.

Dr. Fletcher inventions has many matter. its surroundingand so the mystery of life remains Now And

his credit, the generally most one electric of a separateby means as great as ever. Apparently we the being audiometer batknownto used

tery I will apply another electric in public schools for detecting hard will not be permitted to partake pressure in the opposite direction of hearing children. He has been of the fruit from the tree of life lest

so as to completely annul the one connected with welfare work among we live forever.

the of hearing hard the throughout existingalways while the amoeba Let me quote from Genesis 3: in 1929 and and 1930 was hapcountry what 2224.lives, and you watch President of the FederAmerican

pens!"ation of Organizations for the Hard "22. said, Behold, the Lord And God of Hearing. For a small impressed electrical the of is become as one us, to man know

potential, the tiny animal was exDr. Fletcher was a member of good and evil: and now, lest he put forth

the Noise Abatement Commission his life, hand, the tree also take ofcited and as indicated of increased moby of City very and York was New eat, live for ever; and andtion. potential the as soon was As in active helping to get the out "23. Therefore, the sent Lord him Godequal opposite to that norand report called Noise.""City This till forth the of from garden to Eden,

mally existing the amoeba was report has been widely circulated ground from whence he was taken. the

here and abroad has and had "24.electrocuted the both indicated as the he drove out he So man; and by

in a great influence city persuading placed at east the of the of garden Eden all ofstopping motion. now We officials to the take necessary steps flaming Cherubim, and a which sword potential battery thetook away to prevent persons from unmaking turned to every of the way, keep way

noise. necessary to tested potenseeand what the life."the tree of

tial difference between nucleus and He has been connected with many activities the of National Research tissue in thesurrounding was now this allegorical is an No doubt Council, at present being a member it none;dead cell. There was statement but to it seems me that had of Section. the Physics

entirely disappeared; "You see,"This spring Dr. Fletcher was it carries a great challenge to the

said he, "the difference between elected to the National Academy of scientific world. As I interpret it,

life and death is only a difference Sciences, one of the high honors it states that man will never solve scientists. coveted most by a Asin electric potential."the if great of life mystery because

is matter record, of the only he this point another emphasize To did he he destroy would then one has member the from come whoexperiment was performed. We region covered by Utah, Idaho, of the chief purposes of his own

obtained another amoeba, placed Wyoming, and Nevada. existence on this earth, namely,

the electrodes, and noted the galHe received the Louis Edward earning his bread by the sweat of

Inthe from Franklin Levy Medal deflection as before.vanometer his brow.

stitute in for in 1924 researches of chloroform a drop wasThen hearing last spring and Columbia put upon the microscope slide conUniversity conferred upon him the f ET me quote two other passages taining the amoeba. The motions honorary degree of Doctor of of scripture which are, as I see

Sciences, President Butlergradually decreased as they and vitally citing them, connected the with the reason as follows: recog- "In potential differencedid so the 3435. quoted. one just Luke 1: nition scientific years of your of

zero,gradually reaching decreased inquiry the concerning physical na- "34. said the angel, unto Then Mary all tiny ceased. motionwhen ture music, noise, of The speech, as and this be, shall seeing not a I know How

facts well of the of hearing, as killedanimal the been had by man?

inquiries led which imto have "35. the angelchloroform ensued, said answered as death and And and

in portant the developments methher, shall unto Ghost come Holy The disthe potential difference had for the ods highest equipment and thee, the upon of the and Highest powerappeared. quality transmission of of both shall thee: therefore also overshadow

"Wonderful,"said I; for indeed speech and music."holy thing which shall be born of theethat

it was. This was all new inforDuring his career as a scientist shall be called the Son of God."

mation to me as Dr. Crile's wonin New York City Dr. Fletcher has

in active always been work. Church of account the miraMatthew'sderful describing these exbook in the of presidency He was

is the culous conception more muchperiments had not yet been pubfor years, ten branch York New lished. I assure you I was excited, two of them as counselor and eight matter of fact. Matthew 1:18.

president. as the has taught He "18.for that I thought the longthe birth of Christ maybe Jesus was Now

for class School Sunday this his wise: on as mother Mary When secret, thelookedfor to key the adultsix the years. York Whenin New to they before espoused was Joseph, came life, last of atmystery found. was in Stake put he was organized was together, the child she found of with was

I said, "let the restore of us as chairman Council High "Now,"Ghost."Holy

the electrical potential difference which office he now holds.

by means of our battery and thus Now, I am well aware that one

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

is apt to be ridiculed for maintainexamine all the evidences concernfrom that day and suffered tremening that this passage means what ing it. Either the disciples stole dous persecution and many of

it says. Such a birth has been his body away as implied in the them death, and did so willingly

claimed for Zoroaster and other above quotation or else his resurbecause of their testimony that great leaders. And I have no rection, the foundation upon which "Christ is risen!"

doubt that thousands of other unChristianity is built, is a fact. If there were collusion among

wed mothers out of the billions that them to propagate a lie, the subhave given birth to children upon ["ET us examine the first possisequent events would have been this earth have made similar claims. bility. At the time of Christ's impossible. So it seems to me when

But it seems to me that that does crucifixion all of His disciples were one thinks this thing through, one not alter the situation. Upon the scattered. Most of them confifinds the evidence predominantly

acceptance or rejection of this fact dently expected Jesus to assert His in favor of the fact upon which

Christianity stands or falls. I can power, confound His enemies, and Christianity is built.

If rulersee over the ground. middle rethen a real be no you Jews. universally it not then Why is the I think,ject it put Mary, does poor it, where Judas, had Even it is so unusual this accepted? Because

mother of Jesus, who stands at the idea and was willing to betray the and contrary to the experience of very top of all the saints honored Savior, because he thought by this everyone. Because the human

by the various Christian churches? means he would get 30 pieces of mind cannot understand how such

It would be necessary for one to silver for the treasury and at the a thing could be. Because death

admit that she was cunningly desame time force the Savior to assert and triumph over death is still a ceitful as well as an adultress, the His power and thus hasten the great mystery which as indicated very thought of which would make establishment of the earthly kingby this momentous event, God unChristianity collapse. It isn't so dom for which he was working and derstands but which for some wise

easy to explain away glibly, as over which Jesus was to reign. purpose withholds from the unsome do, simply because it cannot When he found it did not turn out derstanding of mortal man.

be understood. True, it is a mysthat way, he was overwhelmed I might more appropriately ask

tery! Its very nature puts it in the with remorse and hanged himself. why anyone believes such an inexclass of things which we cannot The other disciples scattered and plicable thing. One is forced to

understand if we accept the implithought the plans for establishing answer that such a belief is usually cations of the passage of Genesis a kingdom on earth, that is a church not based upon any logical arguwhich I quoted a few moments ago. organization, were ended, and were ment such as I have tried to make,

But, by this incident, God has planning to go back to their fishing but rather upon a subtle internal shown to man that He does know nets and other occupations in experience called faith. These exthis great mystery of the generawhich they were formerly engaged. periences are difficult to rationalize

tion of life which is still to us unBut when the news of His resurbut nevertheless, are very real inknown. rection spread among them they deed and are sometimes more satisLet me present some other paswere again electrified. He naturfying to one's soul. They bring

sages which have a further bearing ally had greater power over them one to a state of mental sureness upon the subject. Mark 16:9-18. as a resurrected being than as a that rational thinking can seldom

mortal but among them; man spite arguof the even obtain. So, in "9. risen early Jesus was when Now difficult them so, it was to make is forced above, one ments given firstthe of the appeared he week, day

first to Mary Magdalene, out of whom understand what a momentous to admit that only those who can place. manievent taken devils. had casthe seven had He will in faith behave and do God "10. told she them that first and went And to fested Himself Mary of and lieve facts the fundamental two they as him, with been mournedhad disciples, to of and then His one or two I discusChristianity have whichwept.

11. And they, when they had heard that but before all were convinced He sed; namely, the miraculous conhe was alive, and had been seen of her, manifested Himself to the eleven ception and the resurrection. This

not.believed all together. disciples assembled with face to even face an us "12. in that another After he appeared disciples of these one Each was brings faith fact of life, fundamental more them, of walked,form unto as they two

in Christianity the valiant of cause into is country. theand in went tendgrowing a There God.

"13. And they went and told it unto ency in this age to think that as

the residue: neither believed them. they

"14. the one grows to maturity, one must appeared Afterward unto he

eleven as they sat at meat, and upbraided throw off such childish notions as them with their unbelief and hardness of a belief in God, just as one disheart, because they believed not them cards one's belief in Santa Claus.

risen. after seenwhich him he was had

"15. them, he said unto ye into Let us see just where such a And Go all the world, and preach the gospel to throwing off would leave us. We

every creature."would then be forced to admit that

this beautiful world of ours was

Even when put on a purely ranot the product of design and of tional basis, the simple narrative as planning, but of mere chance; that

recorded in the New Testament is your dearest friend is just a jumble very convincing. of atoms and molecules that hapThe fact that Jesus was buried pened to land together to make a

in Joseph's tomb and after three dear and loving soul! Such a

days his body was found to be thought is revolting and is even missing, will be accepted by anymore difficult for me to believe one who will take the trouble to (Continued on page 773)

CHRISTMAS KNIGHT By SYLVIA RUTH GRANT

sure drawn a homely teacher this came in his head and began, "I year."am Bill Rossiter and f came to see

"She is not!"exploded Denny, how my three children are getting

holding the brush weaponlike in along."

the air. "She's a peach and as She shook hands with him and

pretty as anything."indicating a chair near the desk

"All right, all right,"soothed invited him to sit down. Resuming

Bob. "I was just repeating what her own seat she said, "The chilDick said. "So that explains the dren are doing nicely, Mr. Rosphenomenon,"he mused. siter. I was wondering why Jane

"Explains what?"demanded was out today."

Denny. "Oh, Jane—well, you see, she

"Nothing, I was just talking to had a slight cold."

myself.""That's too bad. And have you

"Well, you'd better be. You decided to have Tommy's tonsils

hadn't better be practicing any of out?"

your fancy grammar on me just Bob coughed in slight embarbecause you've been away to colrassment. "Well, not until spring.

lege."Denny carefully adjusted We thought it could wait until

his helmet and came to give his then."

mother a hasty kiss on the cheek. The girl's eyes twinkled as she

SHE SMILED AND STOOD UP AS BOB WALKED Bob had a sudden inspiration. said, "All this is very enlightening

IN HER AND HE REMEMBERED TOWARD A "I'm driving into town today, kid,"in view of the fact that there are

TO FORGOTTEN ASK HAD HE PANIC THAT

DENNY HER NAME OR TO PROVIDE AN he said with elaborate unconcern. only two Rossiter children and

EXCUSE FOR HIS COMING THERE. "I'll come for you after school."their names are Ellen and Fred."

"Okay,"called Denny as he Bob glanced at her for one pansnatched up his books and ran out icky second to see how she was of the door. going to take it and then broke

interest in the Bob timed his arrival so that he into a broad grin as he saw thenew schoolR'OB'Steacher had first been reached the schoolhouse just as smile that lurked in her face.

aroused by the unprecedented the last child was leaving. As "To tell the belated truth,"he

spectacle of Denny brushing his Denny climbed into the car he said, began sheepishly, "I am Bob shaggy locks of his own free will. "You sit here a minute, son. I Lloyd, the older brother of the lad

Mother Lloyd, sitting at the have a message for the teacher. called Denny, but I thought that I

breakfast table, had said from force Here's some candy you can do had better lead up to the fact gradof habit without glancing up, away with,"and he handed over ually and with tact."

"Now, Sonny, don't forget your the bag of sweets he had had the "Indeed,"she responded indighair,"and all the time Denny had forethought to provide. nantly, "I'm very fond of Denny.

been so engrossed in his labors I think he's a splendid boy."

that he hadn't even heard her. JjOB walked quickly "His mother will be very glad to

Bob, gazing in both amazement toward the little oneroom schoolknow that someone besides herself and amusement, had asked in mock house in order that he might not holds that opinion."Bob very

severity, "Denfield, are you sure lose entirely, before he reached the casually reached over and picked that you are quite well today?"door, the courage that he felt beup a book from the desk. He lookDenny always made it a point ginning to slip away. Once inside ed at the flyleaf and then connot to answer when addressed by he looked up to the teacher's desk tinued, "But you will like all of us

his scorned given name so he went and was sure even at that distance Lloyds when you get to know us, on serenely brushing his hair. that he had never before seen eyes Miss Dennis."

"Oh, I know—the lad has fallen so deeply blue, so graced with "Your second error,"she laughat last for Rosie Mitchell's black long, black lashes and so delighted. "That book belongs to a

curls,"Bob went on. fully friendly. friend. My name is Eileen Moore

"I guess not,"began Denny, She smiled and stood up as Bob and what makes you think I am"that snubnosed, freckled faced—walked toward her and he rememgoing to know the Lloyds better?"

he paused for lack of adjectives bered in a sudden panic that he "I do. Don't you think a grand

and breath. had forgotten to ask Denny her way to start would be for you and

"By the way,"said Bob with name or to provide an excuse for me to go over to Lincoln to the sudden inspiration, "Dick Crane his coming there. dance next Saturday night?"

was telling me that you kids had He clutched at the first idea that She hesitated a moment and then

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

nodded. "Well, we might try it and where do you get that 'Eileen'filled canyon and the trip could

and see."stuff?"be made at this time of the year

"Fine!"Bob's enthusiasm was Bob, who had been mulling the with sleigh and horses only.

cut short by the appearance of name over in his mind and thinking Ordinarily Bob dreaded the trip

Denny in the doorway. how very lovely it was, had spoken in winter. It took a full day's

"Were you planning on driving it aloud unconsciously and had no travel each way and was likely to home tonight?"he asked dryly, "or answer. be very cold and monotonous.

would I make time by walking?"Denny lapsed into a black This time, however, he was glad

"Coming right now,"answered silence, brooding on the inequalto go. It would give him a chance

Bob, thankful that the candy hadn't ities of life that made one brother, to buy Eileen a Christmas present.

given out three minutes earlier. utterly undeserving, twelve years The few country stores offered

"May we drive you home, Miss older and therefore eligible to take nothing half fine enough to suit his

Moore?"the beautiful teacher to a dance, fancy and the mail order catalogue

"Thank you—I live at Peawhile he, Denny, could only adore was so well known in the combody's, just across the street."her in school among twenty other munity that almost anyone could

then until Satpupils. identify an article purchased from "Oh—goodbyeurday night."its pages. No, it would really be

trip to be able to go "What about Saturday night?"Evidently Bob worth the

asked Denny suspiciously when found the dance an excellent place through a regular store, or a dozen they were seated in the car and in which to further acquaintance stores if necessary, to find just the headed for home. because he persuaded Miss Moore right gift for the lady of his heart.

"Nothing special,"answered to go again the following week. When he told Eileen of the

Bob carelessly. "I just thought it He also seemed to find hiking a proposed trip, she suggested enthuwould be nice to help Miss Moore splendid aid and later on he took siastically that he buy the presents

get acquainted around here so she the pretty teacher skating and bobfor the school Christmas party.

wouldn't be so lonesome and I sleighing. Bob received the suggestion with

asked her to go to a dance SaturHe grew to have an air of pleasfar less enthusiasm. The idea of

day night."ant benevolence in his dealings roaming the stores for trumpets,

"Swell,"said Denny. "We'll with Denny which the latter very dolls, and whatnots for twentyodd

all go."much resented. Denny looked for school children did not appeal to

"Oh no. Just Eileen and I."some signs in Miss Moore of what his sense of the fitness of things

"I see."Denny was highly rehe termed "mooning"but decided in the least but if she had sugsentful. "What you mean is that that she had too much sense to fall gested that he personally roll and

you think it would be nice for her in love with a guy like Bob. decorate snowballs for her charges

to get better acquainted with you As the Christmas season aphe would have set gallantly to proached Mr. Lloyd found it neceswork.

HE EXHAUSTED WAS ALMOST WHEN HE sary to send Bob out to Marquard Bob set out on a cold clear mornREACHED OF THE THE MOUTH CANYON—

TO ANOTHER MILES GO AMD TWO IT WAS on a business trip. The city was ing just three days before ChristLONG SINCE DARK. COULDN'T HE POSSIBLY

MAKE IT. thirty miles away through a snow- (Continued on page 776)

By E>R. JOSEPH F.

MERRILL President of the European Mission

i n Europe, appeal to popular interest. This is PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. MERRILL, A MEMBERWHETHER America, on the islands of as true of the L. D. S. missionary OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE APOSTLES

religious proselyters. as of other the or elsewhere the sea all preach into world the ye and the question reasonably might But is conof the missionary Church creature. the to This every gospel of success be chance asked what that problems with fronted many of in that order "one be must done if tool the has or any method new outsimilar. the most are Perhaps city of family"a a and may two lost in interest religion? public have of is indifference the standing one found. be defiexperience course only can Of his message. to people the And

it is that remembered Now, when nitely this question. But answer fact is the to this not so much due

in in countries parthe European experience only can obtained be by is of missionary the that a he ticular the majority peovast of the socalled the cutand-try method, is missionary a as that he Church ple a never heard have Mormon is, try that the proposal oband everywhere church. of People a

elder, of the and more need new results. serve the in not times these seem do modern

effective the of reaching methods L. missionaries S. In case D. any in reattending interested to be declaring "the people mesand should never discouraged. be Noservices. ligious would much They at apparent. sage"once becomes in ancient where reveor modern country, the to rather the open go

is Britain true This Great in even lation find that promise any do we field, athletic cinema or the Sunon missionaries have where Mormon of the or the the Lord Gospel word church. to than day go They for cennearly preaching been a of Christ popular Jesus be would detective story a rather read would tury. will that soon methods And presentday under conditions; Bible. fiction the than of a or book of peothe reaching be employed city rather of of a "one and two like worship. better than play They faster ple very than methods much a family"be would found who is that result of houses most The is in are a use doing fond now gather the would with Lord's peoare nearly empty worship on Sunexpectation. ple. is this the not But whole the of great the mass days and

. inshall this will the story. involve found? few be no new And How little or nothing people about know

the Bible. The answer to this question imventions. The mechanism for

plies the use of effective tools and reaching simultaneously practically

The prevailing conditions have methods of contacting the people. all the people of every civilized nacreated new problems for the reFor "this gospel of the kingdom tion is already in existence. The

ligious proselyter and made it imshall be preached in all the world radio and the cinema are the modperative that he reexamine his for a witness unto all nations"beern popular contact agencies. By

tools and methods if he wishes to fore the end shall come. Christ's their use it would be possible to

restore his work to its formertime ministers are commanded to "Go preach the gospel to all the world

THE MISSIONARY and HIS TOOLS

in a day. Will these agencies be arably connected with this book.

used for this purpose? Both of SINCE the first translation of the If the book is a fraud then Morthem are even now being employed Book of Mormon from the origmonism was born in deception and

inal plates, been there have many the of by somein many nations is only another the Church manin publications both Engchurches. the L. In America institution D. of ignoble and it made In S. additionalland addition and America.

Church is more and more frehas been translated into and puborigin. The Church stands or falls

quently enjoying the privileges of lished in fifteen foreign languages. with the divinity of the Book of

the radio. In Czechoslovakia, These include: Danish, Welsh, Mormon, But there are countless

radio listeners have already heard French,Swedish,German,Spanish,Italian,Maori,Hawaiian,Dutch, thousands who can truthfully testian address on the "Mormons and Samoan, Tahitian, Armenian, fy that they know that God lives

Their Beliefs."But for proselytCzechoslovakian, and Japanese. and this is His work. The Book

ing purposes the most powerful The Book of Mormon has also of Mormon is not a fraud. Hence

not published printed but in thechurch the been world has found proselyter in the might for the Church the following languages: Hebrew,

to it effectivecinema be the most well devise methods of making Turkish, Hindoostanee, Greek, and available agency in at least one of Bulgarian. It has been printed and ever more and more an effective

the European countries. With the published in the Deseret Alphabet. tool.

like copies Something two million of radio thefreedom cinema and it in should this connection of been And have the Book of Mormon itsat disposal long would how it sold. that explanathe be remembered

itstake the to declare Church mestions learned, the put forward by all to thesage world?

But what is there about this as well as by the ignorant, to acas for of the Book in Mormon the as count just Book of Mormon attention themessage to command all helpfallen into fraud have a those of the ancient Apostles cenlistenersof radio fans? movie and

lessness. wholly been have They in tered of resurrection the Christ? is the answer BookOne of Mortruth. light of to the unable stand wonderful most bookmon—the fall hythe each of with And hisChurch in THROUGHOUT inprint the today, world because out stood the pothesis has book tory the of has Book Mormon itof forth. the marvelous came way fact before. stronger than The efbeen, perhaps, the always most story the not of theCould how reasonable that to be seems no tool fective proselyting employed this world gotmodern book be for to the account book hypothesis it is traveling elder. the by That grip to a audience? moviemade maintained. This as fraud a can be it effective possible to more make is this course of the book mostAnd foes is friends fact that both and a it is selfhas ever than almost beencharacteristic thing about Morthe particularly remember, should evident. writer has doubts This nomonism.

it believes writer former. The this in suitable of matter. Dressed for resurrection the the of But the helpful to especially be would it sales covers exposed could beSavior probably never would we all if in the people Church young in sale for of stores thousands book the Testament.have had New in this fact keep of them would it is where unknown. There now followers His saw HimWhen that strongly urge mind. if libraries public are We any few now lifeless cross the theyhanging on

feels himself groweveryone who willing not that to be add would discouraged whollybecame and in should ing the Church lukewarm its this shelves. to During volume all in thinkingdispersed gloom, satisfactorily to account undertake this in the African Misyear South It lost. resurrection thewas was This for of the Mormon. Book sion per the placement averagethe wonderful most phenomenon will will helpful effort and very be this elder marvelous of per month allof transformed history—that to growing a check undoubtedly be little better than a been has bookthe disappointed heartbroken and fail to It scarcely coldness. can this ten. has been done by And fearless intoapostles proselyters,

its true in stand out the book make energetic oldtime the of use methlions, to face bold than readymore light book wonderful the as most skilful the ods. employment With in in testifydeath to form order any print. suitable pubin aid of With of other screen the and modern reality. their livingthat a Lord was

it be certainly licity can methods it doubt, easy, devices would no be resurrection the phewasThe effective proselyting the most made this to increase In doing number. therefore, thatnomenon, gave It employ. elders can that tool our this evidences the produced byvitality Christianity. to early Simpassing such been has and always that unwittingscholarship modernilarly, modern Christianity—Morits increases by only power time ly give support to powerful many its miraculous phemonism—has evidence. confirmatory unfolding claims of be would Book Mormon the ofnomenon, Book Mormon.

This book is the most outstanding freely used. The missionary system of the

physical evidence that the Church Many people, even those friendChurch has always commanded the can present of its divinity, of the ly to the Latterday Saints, shy admiration of thoughtful, fairvalidity of its claims. Hence does at the Book of Mormon. But the minded people. It must continue

not the logic of the situation require Saints love this book. They to do this for voluntary devoted

that the proselyting activities of freely admit that the claims of service in a noble cause will never the L. D, S. missionary shall center divinity for the Church are insepfail to elicit praise.

ft uFEU ONCT By DOROTHY CLAPP ROBINSON

rible cold that went deep into the roots of her being. Soon now, oh,

so soon, they would put Helen into this harsh, pitiless ground where icy wind and flying snow would keep vigil over her. Precious little

Helen, who loved flowers and bright summery skies;—and—and

there just had to be a Christmas package.

Before she reached the mailbox

Susie was lifting each foot and putting it down with leaden precision.

Beside the post leaned a huge box generously plastered with gay stickers. Maybe the mailman had

made a mistake. With hands

shaking so she could scarcely use them she turned the box and read the address. Of course! Numbly

she opened the mailbox and looked at the stack of letters and cards.

No mistake there either.

She had been a fool. She had

known all the time. Nothing came

"TAKE THIS TO PUT OVER YOUR LEGS; AND to them—all this to Coonrod's,

JIM—"SHE CAME CLOSE, "DO BE CAREFUL. nothing to them. She put a cold

YOU'RE APT TO GET CAUGHT IN A BAD hand to her head to ease its throbSTORM."

bing. She might have overlooked

a vast sigh rod's mailbox was a mile farther up a letter at her own box—she hadof relief SusieWnITHjerked the mailbox the draw; she might as well walk been so concerned about the packopen. Empty? Empty! It just up there while she was waiting. age.

couldn't be. Why, this was the That would make twelve miles by Slowly she made her way back

last mail day. In swift, desperate the time she got home, unless she down the road. As she passed the

panic her eyes searched the ground climbed the hill; but anything was rose bush she turned her eyes.

about the mailbox. There was not better than waiting. It was warmer There was no letter; and in sudden

a trace of a package, or a letter walking, too. fury Susie gave the post a hard

even. The road turned and twisted up kick. It was old and insecurely set,

Maybe the mailman was late. a narrow ravine whose stream bed and under the impact it toppled

Maybe he hadn't come. The heavy was stony and dry. Snow, like a over. She sat down on it. Maybe

laboring of her heart changed to a puff of cotton, capped each rock if she waited a few minutes that hopeful staccato. With intense and boulder; and the stark serviceheaviness within her would lighten.

care she scrutinized the road. Two berry and chokecherry bushes had She looked at the tin mailbox

brazen paralleling lines of brown gathered about their roots a pronow bent and out of shape. It

cut the light snow skiff. They had tecting blanket of white. didn't matter. There was never

been made today, not an hour ago Around a bend she came upon any mail for them. She didn't want

mail. She hoped she-—but who said the mailman made a wild rose bush still flaming with any more

them? Mother had never failed bright scarlet berries. She stopped never heard from anyone again.

her before, so, of course, it couldn't long enough to fill both coat If a letter came she'd return it unbe the mailman's tracks. She would pockets. They would look pretty opened. If Helen's last Christsit down on a rock and wait. on a Christmas tree. Helen had mas couldn't be happy nothing The air was biting, and Susie always liked them. The wind would matter again—ever.

drew her shabby coat close about sweeping down the draw struck her. She knocked her shoes, with suddenly at her body and she shiv- J.HE family were at the

their thin soles, together. Coonered with the cold: a terrible, tertable busily eating bread and milk

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

if it snows."back comin''em Her hushave home. ain't. It's her thet reached shewhen."she up,"face, "I'll help you hook at her volsends after one lookband, "Grammait—

dropped his eyes to his bowl. The unteered. "Yes, an'you make the cookies,"

boys with one voice demanded to "I reckon you better git in bed. put in Ben.

know why she hadn't let them go You'll have more work with me "What's the difference as long for the mail. When they were in gone."as you get 'em. I'm goin'to milk

bed and she was setting sponge Half timidly she raised her face. now. You be careful throwin'the

her husband looked up. He bent and placed an awkward wood in the shed so's you don't

"Well?"kiss on her lips. One moment he wake Helen or the baby."

Tears, long denied sprang to held her close then went out into a.By noon the flakes were driving

her eyes. For a minute she beat night that was warming perceptwith a force that bespoke unlimthe dough savagely. ibly. Presently she heard the ited reserves. Susie and the boys

"What'11 we do?"he asked. crunching of wagon wheels as he scurried about, heads bent to the

"There's only one thing to do."went through the gate. With good wind, doing the thousand and one

Rising he went to the door and luck he would be home tomorrow jobs that must be attended to beopened it. evening. That dollar wouldn't buy fore the winter closeup.

"It's goin'to storm."much but it would be something. By four o'clock the large flakes

"I know it."When Susie awoke next mornhad changed to hard, stinging pelHe closed the door and went ing the ground was white and huge lets. She did her evening chores

into the cabin's second room. soft flakes were drifting lazily early; even then she could scarcely

When he came back he had heavy see the outlines of the house from leggings, and overshoes, a sheepthe barn. She did hope Jim would

skin coat and fur cap. As he get there before dark.

pulled them on he said: Dark came early and no signs of

"I ain't got no money."him. As soon as the children were

Standing on the baby's high in bed she examined her sugar chair she reached to the top of sack. She could spare enough to

her cupboard and from under a pile make some cookies and one batch of old papers brought down a conof taffy, she thought. As she

densedmilk can. There was just worked, the wind tore about the

one slit in the top. With the can little house shrieking its defiance

opener she cut away part of the and maliciously piling snow against lid and poured its contents on the the window panes. It didn't matoilcloth. The."man's eye widened. ter; she couldn't see out anyway. "How in—As she put her last pan of cookies "Ever since we knew—since the in the oven, the wind, that had died

her down for an instant, came creepingDoctor said—I—I wanted

beautiful fer onct. I knew if I back with a high, rising moan.

didn't save it, it'd be the same old From somewhere in the coulee story."above a coyote threw down a faint,

dollar wailing protest. paper a took man The about. She built the fire hurriedly, change. small Susie pile of scant shuddered, She wasn't thefrom

the boys'bed. went to afraid; coyotes his pocket. then anyare cowards put it inHe softly, cried she "Boys,"shakway; but for thankful she was do.""This'll

It's here. "pile of ing out them, "You'll shelter If plenty paused. and he door the At

lots there's do. to snowin'and close kinda only would Jim the cows keephav'ta come—whateverof wood. to dare go you Don't now. Come this storm's could be keeping him? find what outuntil He should we

goin'to be. Have the boys put back to sleep."have reached town by daylight.

the pigs in the end a'the barn whur It wouldn't take him half an hour

I made the pa'tition; an'whatever Wr'ITH many grunts in town after the stores were open.

you do, have 'em put all the wood and whines the boys tumbled Even with the storm he should that's chopped in the shed."sleepily into the kitchen and dresshave been home by this time,

She nodded, then asked: "Don't ed by the fire. Finding a darning needle she

you want the lantern?""What you gettin'us up so early threaded it with twine and rest-

"I could use it, but you might fer?"Joe demanded. lessly began stringing roseberries.

need it worse. Well, guess I'll "That wood's got to be put in She had trouble stringing her popbe goin'."But he lingered in the the shed before the snow covers corn and angrily promised herself

pigs have to be put she'd raise a decent kind next year.open doorway. it—an'them

shelter. Besides, under Young After Jolly's reached he'd have Susie brought an old quilt made if to growling Santa you go Man, for thing the good the bobs—aJim pieces of overalls.from bring won't Claus it. you anything."never wagon would There make

"Take this to put over your legs; "Heck. He won't anyway. He now, she was all through exceptand Jim—"she came close, "Do be never does—-."putting the things on the tree. It

careful. You're apt to get caught She turned upon the complainer was just a mile from Jolly's but

in a bad storm."sharply. that flat was deceiving—a crazy

"I'll be a'right,"he answered. "Has he ever forgot you yet?"flat, that stretched miles to the east.

"I bin in storms b'fore. I'll take "Well, he—."In this storm he might go straight

the bobs as fur as Jolly's so's I'll "Has he?"On (Continued on page 771)

a THE POETIC QUALITY

RALPH WALDO EMERSON declared that "the spirit of the Universe, the great calm presence of the creator.

.... the sublime vision, comes to

the pure and simple soul in a chaste and clean body."

One notes how completely Joseph Smith fulfils Emerson's description of the sort of soul to whom comes the "sublime vision."

Who, we may ask, stood for cleaner and more chaste bodies than he who delivered to man the famed eightyninth section of the modern book of revelation?

Emerson continues: "It is a

secret which every intellectual man quickly learns, that... he is

capable of a new energy... by

abandonment to the nature of things; that there is a great..,

power, on which he can draw, by unlocking at all risks, his human doors, and suffering the ethereal tides to roll and circulate through him; then he is caught up into the

life of the Universe, his speech is thunder, his thought is law, and his words are universally intelligible as the plants and animals."

When Joseph Smith, as a young man, abandoned all thought of a personal career and turned to devote himself wholly to the building up of the Kingdom of the God of

Heaven and Earth he abandoned himself "to the nature of things,"the higher and finer things, the real things and things divine, to which Smith and his unique writings, JOSEPH SMITH, POETPROPHET his gifted spirit yielded a delighted which have an "architecture all YS70ULD it not be worthwhile to the there should obeisance. devoted their own?"and And And to at least few a turn now

this gift roll eyes before his the reader comes ask whencedid indeed the compositions of noteworthy all eternal of expression architecture"ethereal tides"of the of an "is Prophet in which his speech is, surely until cries his out inworlds, the Seer the answer own, his thoughts it thunder are law?"and

is "It perplexity: preparmedi- not any traineddeep from came my than timely could be more What

in all in phraseortation ation the than day, more metermaking and Nations, to the Mormonism's Cry

I that, drink, building, to having but simply and know howmy meat a pleading which, an hunthough shall make the saints of God comabandoned himself to the Supreme dred years unheeded, could even prehend the visions that roll like Mind, he was caught up into the yet save the world would it but an overflowing surge before my life of the Universe, and became listen today. Harken to the agonmind."possessed of thought "passionate ized plea of a kind and yearning

alive,"perforce burst which to Emerson: "It and Again we listen Parent (see Doc. and and Savior

forth meters, havinto fit formsis and not meters, a metermaking but fortythree): Cov., Sectionargument, that makes a poem—ing an architecture of their own.

thought so passionate and alive, And the natural result is that his "O, ye nations of the earth,

I would have gathered youthat like the spirit of a plant... "speech is thunder, and his thought Howtogetheroften

it has an architecture of its own."is law and his words are universally As a hen gathereth her chickens

Doesn't that pretty well fit Joseph intelligible."But ye would not!

IN THE WHITINGS OF JOSEPH SMITH By ISAAC B. BALL

"How oft have I called you rock in a thirsty and weary land. It is

servants, the of mouth like tree a great By my under branches whose men is B. Californian a TSAAC BALL angels, the ministering of by And of clime every the shielded be can from * at present lived although he once voice; mine by burning And of the rays own sun."in this brief article In Utah. he has thunderings, the of voice by And the the Procaught upswing of

lightnings, voice the of by And "large examples For of and phet's to philosophy extent such an the tempests, of voice by And that read these cannot one two melodious thoughts,"so thoughts of earthquakes, voice the by And of cold sensing without and pages type in in sublime that scope theme and hailstorms, great the thrilled great flame of soul a actually they "disturb the the voice with famines of one by and pesAnd to the center the with magnificence tilences of every kind; of a longrange vision. Joseph joy of elevated thoughts"as

the trump, of a sound by And at heart, poet Smith a a was his philWordsworth confessed the voice of judgment; by And inspired osopher could mind whose affected thoughts sometimes, him the voice of by mercy all the day And in time at be space and home turn to our Doctrine of long, Book we staggering those conceptions two

glory the voice of and honor And by Covenants, the ninetythird minds have found and—as few men's

life, riches eternal the of And themselves at home. section

And would have saved you everlasting salvation an With 23, the Church will On December also in the beginning with the "Ye were not."would But ye celebrate the Prophet Joseph's one Father,

hundredthirtieth anniversary. That which is Spirit, even the Spirit of

What pathos in those last sad Truth.

words, "But ye would not."O,

foolish world! and Truth is shadowed forth where "And theyTruthare,is knowledge of things as

Our second selection might be else the full light would perhaps And as they were, and as they are to called, The Divine Affinity of the tend to obscure the details to imcome.

vision. perfect the mortal Joseph, the precise Eight Virtues. Notice his that keepeth "He commandments left poetseer, perus this almost expressiveness of here the verbs light Receiveth truth and

used. Could anyone reading this fect example of the parable, here Until he is glorified in truth and knoweth

and the preceding quotation fail to seen in its true function of bearing all things.

home a moral lesson (see section distinct be impressed with the and the beginning with was in "Man God; 38): lovely architecture of the compoIntelligence truth the or light of was not

sitions? Hear these measured "And let every man esteem his brother created or made,

phrases (see verses 40 and 41, as himself and practice virtue and holiness Neither indeed can be.

me. section 88 ) before

"And again I say unto you, let every "The elements are eternal;

Spirit element inseparably and connected his esteem brother as himself. intelligence "For cleaveth unto intelliman fulness joy. Receive a of when And "For having what among man you gence, separated twelve sons of respecter them, and is no unto wisdom; Wisdom receive cannot joy. of a fulness serve they and obediently him and he Man truth, embraceth Truth

saith the one, unto clothed thou Be virtue, Virtue loveth is intelligence, glory of in "The God sit robes here; thou to the other: and and cleaveth Light unto light; light other words, and truth."Or in sit in clothed rags there thou thou Be and hath compassion on mercy Mercy

looketh upon his sons and saith,—and claimeth her own; And "Great thoughts find us young I am just? Justice continueth its course

I this "Behold, given have unto as and always you keep us so."Joseph its claimeth own; And

it is as I even and I say am. writings Smith's that the witness before goeth Judgment the face of him a parable,

unto you, be sitteth throne, the upon one; and if ye are not one, Latterday Who Saints as a people have not mine."ye are all things; executeth governeth and And of visions ever possessed the high

all things are him, before And will youth, ever keep young and all are things him, round about it And that asserted can be HPRULY in live soul, heart for they all and things, in all he is above and And poetry unconscious "large and things, daily the greatest with thoughts literally melodious thoughts"and is all things, about round And ever of conceived the mind by man drip all the the things of are from pen and him of him, by Joseph And inspirarevealed the through and for ever."ever God, and Even just Seer. illustration of one As

tion of Father. our

prosepoetry consider the Seer's the quality in which The poetic

It has been declared that "things tribute to The Constitution of the Prophet's sentiments seem more excellent than every image United States: naturally to fall are but one moreso

are expressed through images.""The Constitution of the United States evidence of the truth that "great

May we not add that excellent is a glorious standard; it is founded in the and melodious"thoughts always

It is banner; a heavenly of God. wisdom things also are expressed through find of for themselves a beauty

it is to all are those privileged with who in parables, since parables the inexpression aptly called by Emerliberty, the like of its the sweets cooling dividual stands for the universal shades and refreshing water of a great son "an architecture all its own."

CHRIST ON

DORTUGAL, under the monarchy, in 1895, issued the first postage stamp portraying in the central design a picture of Christ.

The stamp was one of a series issued in commemoration of St.

Anthony of Padua and the subject is that of St. Anthony's vision of

Christ as a baby, with His little hand upraised in blessing.

A quarter of a century later in the great Catholic triangle of Hungary, Bavaria and Liechtenstein, there appeared among the 1920 postal issues of these three countries the next postage stamps picTop: Madonna and the Christ Child of turing Christ. Hungary's issue

on tarried beingBavaria; Christ St. portrayed Madonna and the arms. coat of on shoulder Christopher's

Middle: Statue of Christ on the boundChrist Child of Hungary; Bavaria,

ary of Chile and Argentina; St. Anthony's Madonna and the Christ Child of

vision of the Christ Child—Portugal. Bavaria; and Liechtenstein, MaHoly TheBottom: ChristFamily—Roumania;Child of Bavaria. donna and the Christ Child of theMadonna and

Liechtenstein. All of the stamps,

of course, were different in both postage stamps were sacrament of the Lord's Supper design and color. Of the three

Liechof the issues, however, oneSINCE is symboltwice and portrayed century nearly first a issued, 80th the tenstein, commemorating five stamps. times ized on The over to date in 1840, ago, birth Prince the of of anniversary is to found of be many Savior name these of varieties different150,000 II, porattractive, is the most John of the various stamps times on have paper"printed bits of"little the picture of appealing traying an postal every appears on world and every from appearance theirmade at His smiling Christ up baby Salvador. of of issue Republic the world. of thenation snugarm with His chubby mother faith Christian the emblem

85,- than more that number gling at her bosom. Of uniHoly ofCross—appears The—the have adhesives postal these of contribto000 next Roumania was of postage versally hundreds on

a different individual design. Every stamps of the world. And if one ute to the portraiture of Christ on

picture on each of the postage takes into consideration all the destamps, when in 1921 she issued a stamps is carefully chosen for comsigns on stamps which automaticspecial semipostal issue directed memorative or historic importance ally bring to mind the thought of for fundraising for "Social Aid."

and depicts an endless array of the Redeemer, the list of religious This particular stamp portraying many and varied designs. Persons, portraiture issues could be greatly the entire Holy family shows a

places, and objects are the basic extended, for the number is legion. family grouped about a couch.

illustrations appearing on stamps, To name but a very few that Mary in a girlish pose is seen restand their range runs from kings would come under the latter heading on her knees on the couch, with palaces the to mud from natives andto Christ as a small boy before picturing stamps ing:—postage the for of all numerous reachinghuts. appealingly But couch up monasteries, dechurches, saints,

signs appearing on the postage monks, nuns, crusaders, priests, Mary to take him, while Joseph at stamps of the world religious pormonuments, leaders of the laity, the left, with sleeves rolled up as traiture commands, and holds, a church officials and Biblical scenes though he had just turned aside a very fitting high place. and themes. moment from his carpenter's bench,

The face, the figure, the mystical looks affectionately on.

LithuCentral year same That of the symbolspresence, and stamps been have Jesus "T)OSTAGE ania, just recapbeen which had Savior of His nameChrist and -"- for various countries used by Polish the Russia tured from by the dominating ofconstitute one first, almost years. hundred one At

subjects appearing on religious though, they were looked upon as Army, issued her first postal effort, stamp issues. The actual portrait being mere receipts for postage paid consisting of a stamp portraying

are there because stamp now, the of Central Coatof-Arms appears 22 Christof Jesus in times on—butcollectors high because and men is Lithuania. The Coatof-Arms different of 13 stampsthe postage places of ideas beauty have and

nations, and one colony; Jesus art, they sometimes represent caremade up of a four part shield, and

Christ, the Babe, appears 14 times; fully prepared scenes and drawings. the heart point of it depicts St.

this article is introthe reader In fording the Christopher river JorChrist, the times; Man, 3as a Boy

of to stamps a number upon carrying the Infant Christ dan on the dead duced times once 4 andappears figure of the the which Master left his shoulder. is shown.Christ to seen. and be Boy Man—is

Christ's mystical presence in the The third centenary of the found736

POSTAGE STAMPS

By Richard Albert Hardfe

ing of the Society for Propagation to depict a religious design in which Coatof-Arms of the Province of of the Faith, by Pope Gregory XV, Christ appears in modern form and Drente, ( In Drenthe Netherlands in 1623, at Rome, occurred in garb. depicts in miniature the crowned

1923 and Italy very fittingly comVirgin holding in her one hand a memorated the event with the isJUST before the recent Plebiscite scepter while the Baby Christ rests suance of a series of four special that was held in the Saar on Janin her other arm. This very design

stamps, all being of the same reliuary 13, 1935, to determine was used on the special charity gious design. The portrait on the whether the territory was to remain issue the Netherlands produced in

stamps originated from the Gospel under the supervision of the League late 1 927 with an additional surtax of St. Mark, Chapter 16, verses of Nations, as it had been, return the proceeds of which went for the

1415: "At length He appeared to Germany, or remain with benefit of the Child Welfare Soto the eleven as they were at table cieties of the country.

... and He said to them, 'Go The Netherlands again in 1930,

ye into the whole world and preach The four famous along with also Peru and Spain, the gospel to every creature'."Of "studies"by Low added additional portrayals of

this text the last six words appear Countries'Masters of Christ to the annals of philately.

in Latin at the base of the stamp, Paintina. The Netherlands issue of that year

thus: "Praedicata evangelium omni being the most notable of the three.

creaturae."The central design is It was a set of four stamps compristhat of the transfigured Christ of ing four of the famous

the Resurrection and shows Him studies of the Low charging His disciples with the last Countries'masters, of mission they received direct from Christ as a Babe, Infant,

His own lips. Around Hira are and little Boy, as the

grouped the eleven apostles with main designs, and was

Peter directly in the center foreissued, as the 1927 one, ground, as a symbol of his primacy. for the benefit of the

The Saar Territory in 1925 isChild Welfare Societies sued a stamp portraying the grimUSNP in Holland. On one of

Christ "firstas a Babe. Top: the the stamps

Christ, mest scene of in the life and born"is shown Son Christ being carried by St. Middle Row: crucifixthe only portrayal of the

Christopher; virgin the crowned holding in swaddling the wrapped ion a It is the postage stamp. on Christ Baby; as a a dog. with Boy in laid a clothes and

Pieta, or of Blieskastel, Madonna in Christ another manger. Below: while the manger,

in with the holding agonized Virgin ferbeing shows Christ her arms the dead, broken and ried across the River bleeding body of her Son. This Jordan on the broad

stamp was not issued with religious France, she issued a new form of shoulders of St. Christopher. aspects in mind, as it would denote, the 1925 Saar stamp, "Madonna

but rather political reasons promptof Blieskastel."These stamps first Spain's 1930 issue in the relied its issuance. It will be recalled appeared in the autumn of 1934 gious category was a combinathat this was only four years after and carried the overprint "Plebistion commemorative, airmail, and

the Treaty of Versailles was signcite 1935"in German, in compropaganda stamp all in one.

ed, which severed the Saar from memoration of the event, which The issue was privately produced

Germany, and it takes but little imeveryone knows turned out so sucbut the promoters presented a quantity of them to the Spanish agination to grasp the subtle significessfully—for Germany. Incidentcance of this stamp. For through ally, immediately following the post office authorities who in turn

this postal adhesive, issued by Gerreport on the results of the election, placed them on public sale and aeman influence, Germany informed on January 14, 1935, Germany, cepted them for cancellation for a the world in general of what she who had won, issued a victory period of three days, retaining all considers a gross injustice—the stamp portraying a German mother the proceeds of the sales, thus maktaking of the Saar from her. Again embracing her long lost child (reping the stamp issue absolutely offiin 1929 the Saar returned to the resenting the Saar ), with the cial. In the center of this stamp we

religious theme on its postage words "The Saar Returns Home"see a perspective view of Uspallate stamps, and in its semipostal characross the top. While this latter Pass on the boundary of Chile and

ity issue of that year she produced issue is not of a religious nature it the Argentine Republic. In the

a stamp on which appeared as the is very significant in that it parforeground is Mateo Alonzo's facentral figure Ferruzzi's symboliallels the Saar's crucifixion stamp mous statue in colossal size of zation of Madonna with the Christ issue, which designated the loss of Christ as the preacher of "peace on

Child in modern dress. This the Saar. earth to men of good will."Against

stamp, incidentally, is the only one One of the main details of the the sky is seen a rising airplane and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

in a medallion at the lower left of The Corcovado Christ statue the stamp is a portrait of the great was completed and dedicated in aviator hero of Spain, Dagoberto 1931 and while it is not by any

Godoy. Across the top of the demeans as well known as its twin,

sign reads an inscription, "For the the Christ of the Andes monument,

SpanishAmerican Union, Seville, it already is bidding for world 1930."t fame, which it will no doubt gain;

Peru's issue of that year was in this particular postage stamp is aidcommemoration of the Sixth Paning materially.

American Congress for Child WelThe postal gallery of portraits fare, and carries the conventionalof Christ ended, for the present at ized design of Madonna and the least, last Christmas, 1934, with

Christ Child. the Republic of Argentine's, comThe next year, 1931, Spain came memorative issue also in connection

forth with another religious stamp, with the XXXII International this time in honor of the 900th Eucharistic Congress. As its main

anniversary of the completion of design the stamp bears a reproducthe Monastery of Montserrat in tion of "El Cristo de los Andes"1031 and also the 100th annithe Christ of the Andes—a heroic

versary of the crowning of the Virimage of Christ which stands on gin by Pope Leo XIII in 1831. MADONNA AND THE CHRIST CHILD OF one of the high peaks in the Andes

The issue carries a reproduction of LIECHTENSTEIN Mountains on the boundary line the famous "Black Virgin of Mont between Chile and the Argentine

Serrat,"which is unique among point of the city of Rio de Janeiro Republic, erected as a lasting symthe Christ Child portraits. It or its magnificent harbor. bol of eternal peace between the

shows the Boy in profile, seated on This statue makes up the printwo nations. The massive mounthe lap of Mary robed as Queen of cipal subject of the commemoratains silhouetting the statue in the

Heaven, and holding in her outtive stamp issued by the Brazilian background in the afterglow of a stretched hand, the world, for Him government in honor of the visit beautiful sunset, makes this stamp to bless. of Eugenio Cardinal Oacelli, Papal probably the prettiest ever issued

Portugal and Italy, for centuries secretary of state, to Brazil in the portraying our Redeemer.

friendly, rival claimants of Saint fall of 1934, enroute as Papal Such a collection of "Christ on

Anthony as their own patron saint, legate to the XXXII International Postage Stamps,"made by either born in Lisbon, Portugal, in 1195, Eucharistic Congress at Buenos stamp collector or noncollector, and died in Padue, Italy, in 1231, Aires, accompanied by Cardinal will be found of immense interest both simultaneously issued elaborCerejeirs, Patriarch of Lisbon, whenever shown for none of the ate pictorial commemorative stamps Portugal. This is one of the very persons shown on the postage

on the saint's 7th centenary, comfew times in postal history when stamps of the world are as deservprising thirteen episodes and scenes a Prince of the Church was honing of a place on these little adof the 36 crowded years of his life. ored on a stamp. hesives as is Jesus Christ.

Oddly enough, two of the stamps picturing Christ are nearly the same in design, although both are issued by separate countries. Each show

St. Anthony with the Infant

"GERMAN AMAZON,"Christ in his arms engaged on one BY H. TRAYHAMPTONof missions his many to the poor. LIEGNITZ, N0R, GERStrung along in the background MANY

of South America's most colorful Taken 2:30 p. m. Stop

city, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, is the 6.3, 1/20 Second

great Carioca Mountain range. At

the summit of the mountain's highest peak, Mount Corcovado (the Hunchback mountain), which towers 2,329 feet above Botafogo

Bay and the beautiful Avenida BeiraMar is one of the most colossal statues of Christ in the world. This statue of Christ

shows Him standing with His IN SILESIA,"arms "GARDENoutstretched laterally in blessing, BY HAMPTON and from a great distance in perN0R, GERMANYH. TRAYspective it resembles a gigantic Taken 2 p. m. Stop

Cross on top of the mountain. The 6.3, Time 1/20 Second

statue's great size is best exemplified in that it is visible many miles out in the Atlantic, and from any a CHRISTMAS DINNER, 1840 By OSBORNE RUSSELL (Submitted by Judge W. H. Reeder)

DEC.along20th,the borders1840—Weof themovedlake

about ten miles and encamped on a considerable stream running into it called Weaver's River. At

this place the valley is about ten miles wide, intersected with numerous springs of salt and fresh hot juice of sour berries and sugar.

in the language of Judge the cakes, followed came Then by SINCE, rise the at water, cold whichand first is "... this Reeder, the six gallons coffee of strong about run thefoot of mountain and in trapper the account of any

tin ready sweetened, with cups and river into the in journals valley of the dinner Christmasthrough a and lake. Weaver's River is well the Great Basin, so far as I know,"pans to drink out of, large chips

thought it would be interesting we or pieces the supplying of bark principalalong its banks,timbered readers. to our places of plates. being ready, On elder.ly and box with cottonwood

There are also large groves of the butcher knives were drawn and sugar maple, pine and some oak but very broken, therefore that lanthe eating commenced at the word all given dinthe landlady. by As the in ravines aboutgrowing little of, guage use but was made ners are converaccompanied by large also foundmountains. familiar as with the Canadian Iwas theWe sation, this in deficient that not was left the elk of which hadnumbers tongue. Indian French and

respect. topic principal which The the to wintermountains among o'clock ten sat "About down we political afthe was discussed was alongthickets of I and brush in to wood dinner the lodge where

fairs of the the Mountains, Rocky river.the staid, spacious, the which most was

state of the governments among in cirbeing thirtysix feet about "Christmas tribes, different charpersonal the fire at base, the cumference a with acters of the distinguished most agreed was "December in built 25th—It center. this the Around chiefs, etc. warrior remarked ChristOne to a prepare party theon by sat all clean epishemores on who that chief the Snake Pahdahewa- first I enshall dinner, butmas kin to claimed the (or white man kunda, becoming very unpopwas party the to and describedeavor their all expression, to use own

it ular the opinion of the and was I already dinner. have thethen d'esprit their ), were gen with who in that general Snakes Mohwoom- the prosaid the was man who legs in style, crossed true Turkish

his hah, at brother, the be I would inprietor of the lodge which for dinner. the and now affairs of head twelve beforestaid a a with Frenchman was

Flathead wife and one child. The 'T'HE first dish that came on was months, as his village already

inmates of the next lodge were a a large tin pan eighteen inches amounted to more than three hunhalfbreed Iowa, a Nez Perce wife in diameter, rounding full of dred lodges, and, moreover, he was and two children, his wife's brother stewed elk meat. The next dish supported by the bravest men in

and another halfbreed; next lodge was similar to the first, heaped up the nation, among whom were Inkwas a halfbreed Cree, his wife ( with boiled deer meat (or as the a-tosh-a-pop, Fibebo-unto-watNez Perce) two children and a whites would call it, venison, a see and Whosha-kik, who were

Snake Indian, The inmates of the term not used in the mountains). the pillars of the nation and at

third lodge was a halfbreed Snake, The third and fourth dishes were whose names the Blackfeet quaked his wife (a Nez Perce) and two equal in size to the first, containing with fear. In like manner were the

children. The remainder were a boiled flour pudding, prepared characters of the principal chiefs

fifteen lodges of Snake Indians. with dried fruit, accompanied by of the Bannock, Nez Perce, FlatThree of the party spoke English four quarts of sauce made of the head and Crow nations and the

policy of their respective nations commented upon by the descendants of Shem and Japheth with as much affected dignity as if they could have read their own names when written, or distinguish the letter B from bull's foot.

"Dinner being over, the tobacco pipes were filled and lighted, while the squaws and children cleared away the remains of the feast to one side of the lodge, where they held a sociable tete-a-tete over the fragments. After the pipes were

extinguished all agreed to have a frolic shooting at a mark, which occupied the remainder of the day."739 By CLAIRE W. NOALL

PART IV

Synopsis: Tom Reynolds, having lost

his fortune, takes his family from their

New York home to a dude ranch in Utah bordering the Uinta Mountains, which he had deeded to his daughter, Eileen, just before his financial crash. The title is

threatened by an accusation of intent to defraud. To save the ranch, Tom must

establish the fact that the deed was made in good faith. Eileen sees Brent Baring,

forest ranger, in the office of the forest supervisor, Dave Morley, after she comes to Utah, but Baring is not interested.

They meet again in a lonely spot on her ranch. This time she thinks she is nol

interested, but that remains to be seen.

The Reynolds family establish a summer camp at the end of the motor road at

Mirror Lake in the Uintas to supply pack trains and guide fishermen into the interior of the high Uintas. Eileen is wondering why she has not heard from

Wayne, her sweetheart in New York, as she rides through the forest toward Mt.

Agassiz. Intending to take a bird's-eye

view of the region in order to be of more help to her father, she disobeys the law of the forest and climbs alone to a high point on this steep peak. Being overtaken

by a terrific rain and snow storm, she slips on the wet rocks as she is making theher mountain and faints down way in. closes nightjust as of brown running through the DIRECTIONBRENT CROSSEDOF THEA SOUND,ROCKY RIBAND INTHERETHE

green grass and under the enclosHE SAW A MAHOGANYCOATED THORing pines of a natural park, he OUGHBRED,FOREHEAD, STAMPINGA WHITE ANDSTAR SNORTINGON HER entered the steep defile of the IN A FRENZY OF DISTRESS.

left North Fork of the Duchesne river.Camp ReynoldsM<.ORLEYwith a growing Here, Clute picked his way carepaleness in their rhythmic motion.

respect for Tom's woodnymph. fully over a crumbling trail high Finally, entering a valley of

Breakfast in the chill morning air on the inside wall of the gorge. lakes, Morley and his pony edged

had been another heartening exEmerging at last, he cantered an outstretched girdle of shining perience. Rolling his sleepingbag, through a forest of aspen and pine waters. They passed one sparkhe lashed it behind his saddle and to come eventually upon the open ling lake after another—like so

slung his knapsack of concentrated mouth of a great horseshoe ravine, many irregular silver coins, set in foods into place. green with timber, rising omniposections of jade. Crossing the

With a farewell gesture, he tently to the highline, forever grassy link that brought them to called a rollicking "So long,"and separating the north rim from the Rainbow's shore, twelve miles from ambled down the trail toward mountain floor. He paused for a Camp Reynolds, Baring's tent

Rainbow on his piebald pony, moment and gazed into the heart came into view like a white handClute, short for Clutie, Scotch of this green bowl. Its silence crept kerchief, spread on the grass to

devil. He had explained the name through his being. His blithe spirbleach.

with a twinkle in his eye. "Just for its were hushed—Morley never

the fun of it and love o'the hoss,"failed to respond to the kinship of MORLEY found Brent he said. The woods closed behind his beloved woods. And then, a sheltered in masculine security

him as though he had never endeep-throated breeze broke the against the wind and the weather tered. silence to carry its morning mesand a few ribbons of snow that

But Brent was expecting him at sage from the depth of the ravine stubbornly defied the June sun by his ranger's quarters on the shore to its topmost height over the dark, hiding under the outspread of the lake. emerald branches of the pines branches of the spruce and pines.

After a long jaunt over a band which swayed to a shimmering Books were his boon companions

ILLUSTRATED BY 4.11 I I ISILVER FIELDING K. SMITH

in this solitary dell, and carefully "So long,"he said, "I might be noticed a strange hushed silence mounted specimens showed his inback to keep you company tolike time suspended. It was unterest in every botanical species night,"canny. The aspens ceased their

that came to life in this high alti- "Okay, I'll be looking for you!'constant quivering. He looked

tude. out over Rainbow; the surface was

dull satin. Morley, shouted "Hi there!"as smooth A creepy his as climbed Brent a microscopic rousing stole feeling him from over then him. And to scan the watchtower forests and

study of woodrings. mountains in every direction. The a little whistling breeze crept over

"Hi there!"shouted Brent. open meadows were green with a the lake, across the grass, and

"What's been eating you; I swaying carpet of new grass. The shimmered up the pearly trunks of

thought you'd be here yesterday!"lily pads seen on so many of the the aspens where it caught the

"Didn't get started in time. lakes looked like saucy tokens nervous leaves and set them tremWhere do yu think I spent the from his high perch. His powerbling again.

night?"ful binoculars brought each disBrent was uneasy. Once more

"Under a log, back yonder!"tant mountain that came within his he climbed the ladder of his tower

"Wrong again! In a new camp and looked about. The forest was

at Mirror. Friend o'mine named at peace—the sky clear. But he

Reynolds has brought his family knew the signs of the weather.

up. He's going to do the fisherHe gazed off toward Agassiz and

man's guide stunt and bring parties ran his eye up and down, forward in here on horseback and pack."and back over the lofty summit.

"Reynolds—Reynolds? The He saw no one. He paused to

woods are full of that breed."wait for the clouds. They had to

"Unh uh—this man's a great come. The first appeared—a white

geezer. We knew each other when plume, back of the broken ridges.

we were so high. He made a pile Another came, platinum gray, and

out o'sheep and oil, but Wall another. Brent watched them

Street busted 'm, and he's come gather. He took a wild joy in a

back where he know's he's welmountain storm.

come!"Again, he examined Agassiz

"Well, it's not the first time I've through the glasses. Underneath

heard that name in these parts."the cornice of an overhanging cliff

"You'll take a shine to these came a tiny figure, still crawling folks fer sartin. Old Tom's got a upward, and still solitary.

little wife what's likely never seen "Could anyone be so foolish as a real before; mountain but to try alone?"he that mountain yu MORLEY 'er pick see oughta up sticks. And aloud. spoke must be "Reynolds

say! he's a gal."got mountain times. "For a nearer range by many goat—but lie doesn't girl!""A the weather."know crawllove of Mike! What's rides a beautiful the "Yeah. She

nag. Like as not you'll be seein'ing up Agassiz's flank?"he specuBrent heard the muted rumble

'er over here, if yu don't get back lated half aloud as he perused this of distant thunder. "I'm going

there right pronto. She goes 'round mighty monument, a bird's long over yonder! That bird might

a lot. She's going t* help her pappy flight to the northwest from Rainneed some assistance."

bring folks in. You'n Tom'll have bow, and across many a yawning He dashed away on his brindle

t'hook up on these anglers."chasm at that. He focused steadily pony. Agassiz was nearly ten

Brent was nonplussed. Though on the great sandcolored buttress miles from Rainbow by trail, even

he wouldn't cross a mountain to sloping up from the edge of the by the shortest route. "It's a deuce

it is. of a long way up there, but he avoid a girl he had never crossed a forest. "It can't be-—but

rill to meet one. There was a There's a human fly on that old can't know these mountains as I

firmness about his wellknit presboy as sure as I'm a foot high. do or he wouldn't be scaling one

I didn't know there was a of them right now."ence that denied feminine charm. And

in besides these mountains soul. his forest the soul fed for Brent the highnorth headed The And

myself! I'll be Morley and other a sonline. is first person far east he on the met had Rainbow enough

outfit of of the great horseshoe ravine for side of the mountains was a slip of-a-gun—the Reynolds

course!"the trail to circle the abyss. Up of a girl named Reynolds—but she

was a rancher! And now, here Brent looked for other moving the steep path his pony toiled.

none; on Agassiz. He saw his objects to invade was along, along you "Get another—come Rock—get his nose, puzzled. he scrunched forest! infested? little cayuse!"his heels Were the Uintas He dug

The thought rankled. Descending the ladder, he went into the panting beast and struck

After he and Morley had gone back to his studies. his shoulder with his quirt to urge

over the forestry situation and had He was deeply absorbed and enhim forward and upward. "This

eaten a bachelor's bite, Morley tirely unaware when the change might be pure foolishness, but a rode on toward Granddaddy Lake. came about, but all at once he (Continued on page 778)

By THE BIBLE ADAH AS ROBERTS RECREATIONAL NAYLOR READING

said me: unto spake, beloved and "My

fluttering child, like sent a with a"For fair one, love, Arise, and come my my understandgreat her and light, FROM away, night sire, his feel across gusty ing a President H. Brigham way To is lo, past, the Winter For

yet the the Roberts, world. acquired Mrs. and Again walks Naylor Man is gone; rain over and The

the understanding again seeing eye and earth; time the flowers the appear on The

fits bit passion shall of poetic this brief heart. In be, of lamp by The of birds come, of singing has

the slain. of prose reveals she many is in turtle heard the the of voice And

the in shall he, sent beauties found are from to not be him which But who the land."

Bible. the of book door books—the

Relight the lamp, once more and yet Mrs. Naylor now resides in

once more?"California, but her heart is with her If you are looking for drama,

people and her father's people. read Job. Carlyle says, "I call the

aLLworldmortalswith thembring a intosparktheof aboutBook ofit, Job,one apartof the fromgrandestall theoriesthings divine light. For the few it feeling that vice is not so bad any ever written with a pen."

burns steadily; holding it high they more, and virtue not so very good, Most critics will tell you that the

light their way, and stand as the we need to grow oldfashioned and Book of Ruth is the most beautigreat moral leaders of the world. get back to the straightforward fully told story in all literature,

But for the many it burns with a thinking that is to be found in the "the daintiest of love idyls,"says "fluttering flame"that comes and Bible. Written by a multitude of Goethe. It has an unusual theme,

goes, and is "by fits of passion men, over a period of many centhe love of a girl for her motherslain,"so if the many are to make turies, and being the history of not inlaw, her devotion, her fine sense their journey across the world, their a few people, but of a race, it necesof duty, and her reward. No more

light must be from time to time sarily contains all types of literbeautiful pen picture has ever been the than of Ruth gleanone made of therekindled by God. One history, allegory,

in the the other maidens ing with renews in whichways God the ature—poetry,folklore, law, ballads, and drama

fields, industry her and where, light by is to His which is by Word, is that so it what no matter—and atattracts gracious the she ways, in collection thatbe found of books line particular of reading you may

known to us as the Holy Bible. prefer you will find it in your Bible. tention of Boaz, the rich land

To the present generation the owner.

tells delicately author the Bible as mostly a referis known How |F you are interested in grandeur visit the to of Ruth's him in for us texts of a source ence book, sermons. They feel that to read of thought, and would be lifted evening after he has eaten and of imagination, the wings up by rested! is Naomi's unthe keen oldfashioned Bible is to be and How

in the first of Genesis chapter read of derstanding sanctimonious, nature and so they have human and not learned that it has more good that sublime hymn of creation how wise her counsel! And so

reading, and more interesting "In the beginning God created Ruth and Boaz are married, and reading in it, than any other book the heaven and the earth."In I like to think that they lived hapfull order to get the force and pily in treat it ever the world. as unto Ruth was If we after—for it recognize of must it, you it is beauty merely born a son Obed, books named a book among whom she

still the most thrilling one ever writas a poem written in six stanzas, and unto Obed was born Jesse, the with stanza ending the great ten. living David, unto It is a Jesse, reand powerful each thing—a the frain, evening and "And the king of Israel. story dramatic through of a vital, passionate And

Unforwere line the of the—day!"lived morning Mary, desert came people David whopeople—a the us tunately who gave the men Savior, of mother a blazour Lord andon the burning sand under

version of the English our ing people Bible Jesus Christ. who thought sun—a did not understand the Hebrew in their pictures visualized and emotions. It is a story filled with structure of poetry—a structure HPIMES and customs change, but

faith and hope, with friendship and that depends upon the recurrence the desires of the human heart, treachery, with loving and sinning, of thought rather than recurrence the elemental emotions of love and with fierce battle and death. And of sound for rhythm, and so it is hate, joy and sorrow, know no

great this lose of much that we is says, as Goethe it is yet running through always change—it

it it as if read were if we advancing, always is "Mankind is right, poem that right the clear thought and wrong is wrong; we see evil written in straight prose. but man is always the same."And

destroy itself and right expand and If you prefer the simple lyric so it is that in the fascinating story sanctify all that it touches. In this form of poetry, read in the Songs of the beautiful Rebekah of Nahor

day of moral confusion, when modof Solomon that lovely Spring recorded in Genesis, we see the ern literature leaves one with a Song. same impulses and desires actu742

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER 93 5 ating this maid as stir in the hearts the great men of all time—a man a man that we may fight together."of the maidens today. Note the beloved by God—David, the great There was the fear of Saul and

joy with which she receives the king of Israel. There is no richer his men, and David's "Who is this

gifts of jewelry brought by the romance than this story of a shepuncircumcised Philistine that he servant of Abraham to Nahor herd boy who became king: fair to should defy the armies of the Livwhere he has come in search of a look upon, strong in body, a musiing God? I will go forth and fight

wife for the beloved son, Isaac; cian and a poet, a warrior and a this giant."And then the human

her willingness to leave home and ruler, a great lover, and sad to say, touch, the envy and jealousy that loved ones and go into a strange a great sinner; he passed through were kindled in the eldest brother's

land to find a mate, then the sweet most of the experiences that come heart. There was the audience

thought of her mother who would to mortal man. with the king and the humorous

hold her for a few days longer. While I live I shall always reincident of Saul trying to fit his

But Rebekah does not tarry; she member the thrill that came to me huge armor on the daring youth,

goes straightway with the servant as a child, when my father, preand David's splendid determinaback to the home of Abraham. facing and explaining would read tion to trust in God and go as he

And Isaac—it must have been the account of David's encounter was, smooth stones in bag and

spring time when a young man's with Goliath. There were King slmg in hand. Then came the

fancy turns to thoughts of love, Saul and the men of Israel arrayed great moment, Goliath of Gath for we find him walking in the fields in battle against the Philistines. drew near, and out stepped the

at eventide, evidently watching for And there was Jesse the Bethleyoung shepherd boy, so straight of the servant's return, for, "he lifted hemite whose three sons were enlimb, so strong of arm, so stout of up his eyes and saw, and, behold camped with the Army of Israel, heart, and upon hearing the curses

BY STRUTT NATHAN "WHEN LOVE REIGNS,"astonished, the of armored chamcoming."the camels were Rebekah

Pierce. C. C. Photo by he him in words spoke to pion "lighted off the him she sawwhen

camel"and stood before him shy and who, anxious for news from spirited enough to stun any man.

and lovely, and he took her into the front, called his youngest son "Thou comest to me with a sword, the tent of his mother, Sarah. And David from where he was feeding and with a spear, and with a shield;

she became his wife and he loved the sheep in the hills about Bethbut I come to thee in the name of her dearly. Beautifully and simply lehem, and sent him with corn and the Lord of hosts, the God of the

it is stirring told all quite as and Israel, hast of thou armies whom his brethren. to visit as bread And

it it have been must when will was first defied. This the Lord day arriving at the David there was fourrecounted thousand some hand;, into deliver thee mine and

years ago. camp just as the armies were going I will smite, and take thy head from

forth to "fight and shout for batthee; and I will give the carcasses

TF your taste runs to biography tle."There was the giant Goliath of the host of the Philistines this

turn to the Book of Samuel and coming out of the camp of the day unto the fowls of the air, and read there the life story of three Philistines saying, "I defy the to the wild beasts of the earth; that

men, one of whom ranks among armies of Israel this day; give me {Continued on page 745)

IN MARK TWAINS OWN KINGDOM

to walk together. One day when

playing Tom Sawyer, TWAIN, with he Laura was Tom MARK

Finn, Puddin'Huckleberry her finger, a brick and dropped on names! magic Head Wilson—what

entire nation he cried the louder and the longer 30 the November On celebrated the one hundredth birthof the two.

day of Samuel Langhorne Clemens, The back yard of the Clemens signed himself Twain Mark who a the scene of was many for created lads home us the and famous in episode amusing happy and Finn, Puddin'Wilson, Huck Head

Tom Sawyer—and many other imyoung Sam's life. Here is where

portant literary masterpieces. Jim Wolf, undertaking to shoo

away the cats, fell through the grape trellis and landed on hot

to cool. there Here was had put

his ofTHEalwayseyes ofturnAmericanto the littleboys willcity thecandy which Pamelia, Sam's sister, and Tom's window of Hannibal, on the banks of brother Sid's bedroom. There he

the Mississippi, for here it was that would often lie awake at night and

Mark Twain had his fairy kingdom wait in restless impatience until he and directed his bold adventurers was satisfied that "time had ceased in deeds of daring that thrill the and eternity begun."He would

youthful heart. wait until Aunt Polly and his

As this year marks the 100th brother were fast asleep and then anniversary of the birth of this slip out of the window, across the celebrated American writer, it is roof to the woodshed at the back timely to go back to the spots where and down the little flight of steps he spent his happy boyhood days to meet some of his gang for one and had many of the wonderful of their late prowls.

experiences that he has recorded There was the old board fence pages.for his glowing us in

or little Twain, Mark Sammy thatallowingTomhisgotpalspaidto handsomelycoat and recoatfor

Clemens, was born in the small elaborately with whitewash while country town of Florida, Missouri. he sat on a barrel in the shade

It was a bleak day in the late nearby. "He had discovered a

last theautumn, of November, day great law of human action—withhis first liftedthat tiny the Sam in that out knowing it—namely, in be tovoice appeared what to a order covet a boy make man or

in palacelamentation. was No it thing, to a is only necessary make

IN THIS AS A BOY, TWAIN, CAVE MARK birth. his shelter at toreadiness him difficult the to obtain."thing PASSED AN HOUR MANY twostory aInstead, it only was earliest his days young From

kitchen, but leanto a withhouse to water. took the only His Sam floor against the he on was when it thrived,in as healthy he most his to keep mother from worry was his triumphed. gallantry Becky, will.boys shirt his that discovering was damp to spelling a Becky Losing match It until long Clemnot was John that probably hadn't been and he first of Febleaving "r"out the by his family to Hannibal,ens moved It to to school. hard keep was spelled that could have ruary he livest the of they formed onewhere Mississippi. the from away Sam of along the with names backwards city.features that of sleepy Mark a evening Often on he and summer all a grand other months, the was it with always rememberedTwain his to across gang would swim It school for occasion Tom. madeaffection drowswhite "the as town after playing Island and Jackson restless for the while almost worth in sunshineing of the a summer for the or bar an hour so sand on love to never boy. vowed Tom Mississippi, the greatmorning, the at the island the of head back swim to else always coming and anyone its rolling Mississippi,magnificent in the swift the dusk, stemming they school were going and home.. tide the dense alongmilewide Mississippi current the without

forest away on the other side."slightest dread or fatigue. One

Across the street from the home day a negro girl pulled Tom from

Thatcher—inof Tom Sawyerreal lifelivedLaura BeckyHawtheHis watermotherlimpgaveandhimhalfdrowned.some medikins—his sweetheart whom Tom cine and put him to bed, saying

thought to be the essence of all that that there was not much danger as is charming in womanhood. Tom people born to be hanged were safe

was the best speller in school, but in water.

By The GEORGE E. PAUL Recreational

Heading {Continued from page 743)

all the earth may know that there is a God in Israel."

Then flinging a stone, he struck the giant between the eyes, and he fell upon his face to the earth. No

more thrilling adventure has ever been told.

David's whole life was filled with adventure; there were thrilling

days when as Captain of an outlaw band he lived in the wilderness, evading Saul who sought to kill him. And there were the days as

king when he led the army of Israel to victory. He was the king

—heof theruledswordwellandandthe "liftedking ofupsonghis

people."But with wealth and

OFFICE M. CLEMENS, OF JOHN LAW FATHER power came the terrible sin; his MISSOURI HANNIBAL, OF TWAIN, MARK

punishment was great, but never

X-TANNIBAL was proud of its did he harden his heart or turn location, of the lordly bluffs from God. The last days were

that rose in a great sweep that carsorrowful ones: there was disrupried them high up above the river. tion and intrigue in his family, and

To the north was Holliday's Hill, pestilence upon the land—"And

to the south was Lovers'Leap. To IN MARK TWAIN'S OWN COUNTRY A STATUE now David was old and stricken

the east lay the great river, bearing TO TOM SAWYER AND HUCKLEBERRY FINN with years, and they covered him onward to the Gulf. Rafts floated with clothes, but he got no heat."

I read theselazjly by. Steamboats woke the kept calling, calling to the youth. I always weep when

echoes with their powerful whistles Little wonder that the touslelines and wish that he might have and spoke of a world of romance headed boy would sit for hours died at the height of his power;

that was waiting on down the river. gazing wistfully, longingly at every but "Our times are in His hands"

Only a hundred miles to the south craft that dotted the river's broad sings Ben Ezra. God, the potter,

lay the city of St. Louis, whose expanse. Maybe he was dreambinds our clay fast to the whirling

waterfront was crowded with ing of the days that were to come wheel of life, until we are finally panting steamboats. when he would be wearing a unishaped into a perfect vessel fit to

The hills and woods around form in the pilot house and swingdo service in His kingdom. These

Hannibal where the young Mark ing the big boat round at. a jolly are a few of the many stories to

in clip in to the found a landing. be Golden make with his playmatesTwain roamed

beautifully diction days for the golden dreams Bible—perfecttold. And and and alluring.were most was There

is heard the voiceBear Creek where he learned the man who was to make ten million through them all mysteries of the paddle stroke and boys firm and fast friends of Tom of God, directing, rebuking, and soon thrashed around in the water Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn! loving his children.

like a stern wheeler. There was *

the cave with all its allurements black, silent, spooky, mysterious When Will This Day Come?

just the place to snuggle down near (See picture, page 743) the entrance and talk in whispers TPHEN the wolf also shall dwell with the lamb, of what might be lurking even at And the leopard shall lie down with the kid;

that very moment back in the black And the calf and the young lion and the fading together;

shadows. What a spot for adAnd a little child shall lead them.

venture with a flaring torch to And the cow and the bear shall feed;

guide the way! Their young ones shall lie down together;

And then there was the river And the lion shall eat straw like the ox;

that golden pathway to his older And the nursing child shall play on the hole of the asp, dreams. It lured him with its majAnd the weaned child shall put his hand on the viper's nest.

esty and power. There was a They shall not hurt or destroy.

sense of strength about the powerIn all my holy mountain;

ful current that swept along the For the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the Lord marvelous steamboats into the haze As the waters cover the sea."

of a fairyland off to the south that

A HISTORICAL RESUME:

the support and interest shown by

UNDOUBTEDLY the eyes of that group of singing missionaries.

the Church will turn more and Pleasant weather aided these to the great South American to and evade all causes of brethren land Lehi of and morecontinent—the vissea-sickness. effects of They the years by. Ten go Nephi—as

years ago this Christmas the land ited the port of Barbados, situwas dedicated by Elder Melvin J. ated as the principal entrance to an

of the Council a memberHhHHEHhB Ballard, for Island inhabited by negroes. Also, in preparation of the Twelve,

PRESIDENT REINHOLD STOOF AND FAMILY the preaching of the Gospel in that the ports of major importance such land. Missionaries are at present as, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and

the teaching equator beyond down visMontevideo, Uruguay, were ". afar, from people the and the of ye people.. Hearken South America voyage was made The entire islands the sea, the ited. of that the carrying Gospel and to them are uponye

listen together. For verily the voice of Book of Mormon, a volume which even more appreciable due to the

the Lord is unto all men, and there is none contains their ancient history. friendly invitations offered these

shall is is that of there Mr.to escape, a eye son G. no and Fox Wallace in to participate "Mormon"Elders

shall see, that not hear, neither ear grandsonnot and Mrs. and a Fox religious conducting services on penetrated. shall Salt of that notneither of heart Lake be Ruth Fox JesseMay

... And the voice of warning shall be City. He is one of the elders now board the Voltaire. Twentyone

unto all people, by the mouths of my laboring in the land of the Southern days of delightful sailing and indisciples, whom I have chosen in these Cross. Mention was made of the teresting study passed before dislast days. And they shall go forth and going of the elders to South Amernone shall stay them, for I the Lord have ica by Marc T. Greene, worldcommanded them."(Doctrine and Covetraveler and journalist in his article

nants, Section 1:1-5.) in—"TheThe ImprovementAmazing Argentine."Era last month

tripTRULY the sixtyfour day on board the sailship Henry Kelsey must have proved paration which took place throughdisagreeable to Elders Parley P. out the Americas. And there was

Pratt and Rufus Allen enroute to raised up a descendant of that

South America during the season sturdy pioneer missionary Parley of 1 85 1, Undoubtedly they sensed P. Pratt. Elder Rey L. Pratt was

more disappointment when they called to carry anew the influence disembarked at Valparaiso, Chili, of his worthy grandfather into the and learned that revolution and American southlands. This discivil war had destroyed unnumciple of the Lord and his combered thousands of persons. Igpanion, Rulon S. Wells, were dilinorance predominated! Reading gent servants in the First Council

and writing among the populace of Seventy when on September 3, were not appreciated. The clergy 1925, they accepted the call to

prohibited the reading of the sacred accompany Elder Melvin J. Balscriptures even to those who were lard of the Council of the Twelve

able. Yet, these pioneer missionApostles, to South America. At a

aries preached and defended their regular meeting of the First Presitruthful convictions until they redency and the Twelve Apostles, turned to the United States in May the following month, these brethren of 1852. It seemed as though the were set apart for their mission. EL RIO DE LASARECANCHASPERFORMEDWHERE BAPTISMS

disciples of the Lord would be kept Days filled with the joy of from raising their voices in the friendly associations and farewells embarkation in Buenos Aires, one great southern wing of the Amerclosely followed each other until of the world's most renowned comicas. So it was for a brief period. that memorable moment in New mercial export and import trade

Nearly seventyfive years York on November 14th at Hocenters.

elapsed during which time more boken Pier. Many missionaries of Brothers Wilhelm Friedrichs,

revolutions and more civil wars the Eastern States Mission accomEmil Hoppe, their wives (all of caused great changes in the govpanied by Sister Brigham H. Robwhom had been members of the

ernmental regime of South Amererts sang various hymns of Zion as Church in Germany), and several ica. Republics, noteworthy for the British 5. 5. Voltaire slipped persons who had been interested

their capable and educational inaway on its southern voyage, perin the Gospel by them, met the fluence with the people, were estabhaps the most important voyage of "three missionaries"at the port on lished. its entire service. Three men, the morning of December 6. The

Threequarters of a century thrilled with the inspiration of their same day a cottage meeting was spanned the many events of precalling, were humbly grateful for held in the home of an investigator.

By G. WALLACE FOX

MISSIONS OF SOUTH AMERICA ARGENTINA—BRAZIL, 19251935

How different this reception as strengthened the plans ready to be were presented to their children, they to believe, begin they would and when the to experienced carried onecompared forward.

this, return favor would would do Thyfifteen threescore years before and reunto them. then wouldst Thou And

first Chili,in Valparaiso, DAY in the Park PHRISTMAS the their the by to fathers promises member made pair of Elders! And how different "3 de Febrero"a place near the that if their descendants would repent,

Gospel, receive begin the they would within of and a natural river and grovethe of transportachange in modes prospered, to land. be blessed the and on trees selected willowtion was that sixtyweeping as compared ". with.. Bless presidents, the governors

four day sail boat trip on the for the dedicatory services. At and leading officials of these South AmerHenry Kelsey. 7:00 a. m. three voices sent forth ican countries, that they may kindly re-

"And they shall go forth and the prophetic words and the harceivethe doorsus, andof salvation,give us permissionto the peoplesto openof none shall stay them, for I the monies of "The Morning Breaks,"these lands. May they be blessed in adLord have commanded them."And "Hail to the Brightness of Zion's ministering the affairs of their several offices, that great the unto good come may Angel Morning,"and "An is Gladas the Lord so has commanded these peace be upon That may L. people. Elder High."from on Rey fulfilled. sixHis Within word free, nations, that hast through made Thou

days after the arrival of Elders Pratt read from the Book of MorThy blessings upon the valiant liberators

Ballard, Pratt, and Wells, half a mon, I Nephi 13; II Nephi 31, and of these lands; that righteousness may

III Nephi 21. Elder Rulon S. Wells obtain, and full liberty for the preaching

read Genesis 49:2226. Elder ofof evilThy thatGospelit shallprevail.not triumphStay theoverpowerThy

Melvin J. Ballard offered the dediwork, but that all Thine enemies shall

catorial prayer of which but a part be subdued, and Thy truth be triumphant.

is inserted here: "... And now, O Father, by authority of the blessing and appointment, of

"Our Father, who art in heaven, halThy servant, the President of the Church, lowed be Thy name. In the name of and by the authority of the Holy ApostleJesus Christ, Thy well beloved Son, we ship, which I hold, I do turn the key, unThy servants, approach Thee on this lock and open the door, for the preaching

beautiful Christmas morning, in this seof the Gospel, in all these South American cluded spot, in the City of Buenos Aires, nations; and do rebuke, and command

Argentina, South America; in the land far to be stayed, every power that would opdistant from our mountain home, but in pose the preaching of the Gospel. And

a country which Thou hast called a part we do all this, that salvation may come, of Zion. the Land to be all men, name, and may that Thy RELIEF SOCIETY ON DATE OF ORGANIZATION of

glorified, in this part of the honored and are very thankful for our safe "We dozen persons were taken into the arrival,days on afterthe seas,a voyagewithoutof atwentyonemoment's Land".. of. HelpZion. us to bring men to Thee,

waters of baptism. They were the sickness. We do> acknowledge that Thou and Thy Son, and speed the day, when

first baptisms performed in South didst temper the elements for our good, He shall come, to rule as King of kings

America during the present dispenandover thatus in Thyour travels,protectingboth careuponhasthe beenland andblessingsLordwhichof lords.shall bringAnd successfor all toThyour

sation; Sunday, December 13, the and the sea; and for health, and strength labors, we shall ascribe honor, and power

first sacrament meeting was helc to labor for Thee and Thy cause. and glory to Thee for ever and ever.

Those who had been baptized the "We are grateful that we have been Amen."

day previous were confirmed and chosen by Thy servant, President Heber

S. to land Grant, this great caused Elder Rulon to come of TLLNESS Fried- J. brethren, Germanthe two

to< for the America, South unlock door in January Wells to return homerichs Hoppe, were ordained and all the preaching Gospel, of the to peoples

Priests. Two children were blessof the South American nations; to search of 1926. Elders Ballard and Pratt

Israel the sifted that out blood of has ined. testimony meeting was A

the nations, Gentile among of whom, many services a the duringcluded and spirit influenced of the gathering, have by glorious spirit was manifest by all assembled in this land.

who bore testimonies. "... And we also pray, that we may

Ten days after their arrival see,promises,the beginningcontainedof inthethefulfilmentBook ofof MorThy

Elders Ballard, Pratt, and Wells mon, to the Indian of this land, who is a called upon Doctor C. M. Noel, descendant of Lehi; millions of whom

Mayor of Buenos Aires, who grareside in this country; who have been

ciously received them and assured downtrodden,tions, and sufferedand havebecauseborne manyof sinafflicand them full liberty to establish a mistransgression; even as the Prophets of the

sion. Further assurance was given Book of Mormon did foretell. But Thou

them that there would not be any didst inspire those Prophets to promise hindrance on the part of the theirforth descendantsin the latterdays,that Thouthewouldstrecordsbringof government. Such confirmation their fathers. Arid that when these records, M. I. A. PICNIC

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

carried on and by June were well time a permit to hold street meetSeptember carried him and his established in promulgating the ings had ever been granted to companions, Elders William F.

Gospel among the Latin American any religion in Jujuy, or even in Heinz and Emil Schindler to the people. Spanish Sunday Schools Argentina as a whole. port of San Francisco do Sul.

and German meetings were held Near the close of April, howHere they disembarked and went regularly with good attendances. ever, two of the Elders returned to immediately to Joinville. Once

Liniers, a Villa located on the outBuenos Aires and Elder Sharp, again working under the influence skirts of the Capital, Buenos Aires, honorably released from his misof inspiration these brethren prefrom the start became a center of sion, traveled into La Paz, Bolivia, pared and presented an illustrated activity. then to Cuzco, Peru. It was dislecture on "Utah and Its People."

The first Mission Home and appointing to the three Elders to A record crowd of four hundred meeting hall situated on the world's leave Jujuy; yet stifled by oppopersons attended the lecture.

longest and most crooked street, sition there was no choice. Elder Necessary arrangements were

Rivadavia 896872, was threeSharp's experiences, visiting La made for the future development quarters of an hour's brisk walking Paz, Bolivia, and the ruins in of the work in Brazil and President distance from the Villa of Liniers. Cuzco, Peru, proved interesting. Stoof returned to Argentina,

At 5:00 p. m. regular sacrament Indians in that city (La Paz) disStamina and determination remeetings were held there. In this tinguish themselves from other newed the efforts of those who

hall Elder Reinhold Stoof, his wife, tribes by manner of speech and labored in the vineyard. As a reSister Ella Stoof, and two missiondress. Their complexion is lighter sult of the first three years of

aries, Elders Vernon Sharp and than that of their more southern diligent performance of service in

Waldo Stoddard, were introduced relatives. The altitude and clithe South American Mission the

to the people of Argentina into mate of Bolivia in general are very Elders were enabled to organize whose country they had arrived healthy and the Indians of that a Spanish Branch with local membut two hours before, on June 6. section are not downtrodden in any bers carrying offices of responsiAt this meeting Elder Reinhold sense. bility. This organization was efStoof who never before had any In May Elders Reinhold Stoof fected on the twentyfifth of Noexperience with the Spanish lanand Waldo Stoddard made a sixvember, 1928, with humble thanksguage received an interesting testiteen day trip into the Chaco region giving, followed the next month by

mony. During the time that one of northern Argentina to investi- a Christmas program. Christmas

of the missionaries was speaking in gate the conditions among free Inin South America, though it be

Castilian, Elder Stoof was able to dian tribes there. They were differently celebrated from the

translate it and did so by writing kindly received, but were at a disYuletide season customary to it in German shorthand, after advantage to present their message other nations, is a day of rejoicing, which he arose and bore testimony inasmuch as the Indian tribesmen peace, goodwill and appreciation that the Lord had enlightened his had no knowledge of Spanish and among the Latterday Saints.

understanding so as to comprehend very little ability to speak other In 1929 a burst of progress enthe words spoken. than their own tribal tongue. livened the activities in Brazil.

On the fifteenth of July Elder Four baptisms were performed and

Melvin J. Ballard placed the affairs A NOTHER trip was taken by two children blessed. A Protestant

of the Mission in the hands of these missionaries near the Minister who held meetings four

Elder Stoof. Eight days later close of the year into Southern hours'walking distance from JoinElders Pratt and Ballard bade fareBrazil. After several days of tractville refused to continue meetings

well to the many friends and meming and investigation throughout among the members of his flock.

bers whom they had been instrusmall farming districts and the Emil Schindler, a Mormon mismental in organizing into a part of more centralized villages, a sucsionary, accepted the invitation of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latcessful meeting was held in the the people to teach them the Goster-day Saints. The Lord's servlittle town of Joinville, Santa Cathpel within their own schoolhouse.

ants had accomplished the estabarina. One hundred fortytwo

lishment of a foothold for His work persons attended the first "Mor- 'TTHE next year, 1930, Brazil proin one of the ripest parts of the mon"meeting held in Brazil. Two gressed rapidly. Early in July

vineyard. Pruners and laborers days later one hundred twentytwo President Stoof made another visit

were needed. They came! By interested and attentive persons of to Joinville where a branch was orMarch of 1927 nine more Elders Joinville came to an illustrated lecganized. This added stimulus to

had arrived and readily "thrust in ture on "Mormonism."The seathe faithfulness of the members

their sickles with might"to aid in son of 1928 was rich and inviting there. Within a period of three

the reaping of an early harvest. to laborers who would work among months President Stoof, accomElders Vernon Sharp, Douglas the German speaking people. panied by his wife, made a special

B. Merrell, and Louis E. Christian It was with humble gratitude return trip into Brazil for the purwere appointed to enter the prothat Elders Stoof and Stoddard pose of purchasing a lot where a

vince of Jujuy in northern Argenreturned from their investigation suitable meeting house could be tina where work was to be started in Brazil for the possibilities of erected to care for the needs of the among the Indians. Street meetfounding missionary service among increasing number of Saints. It

ings were first held in Jujuy. Prothe inhabitants there. The urging was during this visit that they entection was granted by the Chief desire to visit again in Joinville incountered various delays and diffiof Police to the Elders throughout fluenced President Stoof until the culties because of the short revolutheir labors. This was the first Steamer Madrid on the twelfth of tion that occurred in Porto Alegre,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

State of Rio Grande do Sul. DisTN 1933 and 1934 two seasons of brilliant and the weather as comsatisfaction had arisen among the important history in South fortably warm as it was nine years

people of Brazil because Getulio America claimed the attention of before when Elders Ballard, Pratt,

Vargas carried the election. He is the world. A PanAmerican Conand Wells held the dedicatory

today, however, the President of a ference was held in Montevideo, services. Near a group of weeping

great Republic. Capitol of Uruguay, during Dewillow trees along the edge of "El

Meanwhile, advancement of miscember of 1933. Delegates from Rio de las Canchas"nine persons

sionary work was assured in Armany nations sat in conference. gathered to enter the waters of

gentina. In April a semimonthly The eyes of the world were turned baptism. Christmas was a day of

vitality and vigorfour page mission publication "Laupon this body of representatives. rejoicing. A new

Estrella del Sur"was originated, The eyes of the Latterday Saints were added to the growing momenfollowed two months later by the in South America were upon J. tum of Mormonism in Argentina.

organization of parttime local misReuben Clark, Jr., of the First Until the present date, this seasionary service. This work and Presidency of the Church of Jesus son of 1935, more than forty bapthe M. I. A., organized November Christ of Latterday Saints who tisms have been performed. The

27, were gladly welcomed by the had been chosen by Franklin D. one Argentine chapel located in the

diligent members who had readily Roosevelt, President of the United Liniers Branch can no longer comtaken to the necessity of spreading States, to act as a delegate at the fortably accommodate the members the Gospel over larger fields. PanAmerican Conference, The of that branch. Two other branches

January 14, 1931, a faithful eyes of the Saints in Argentina beof Haedo and Villa Devoto resister in Argentina felt inspired to held that their "representative"was spectively are always well attendsend a Book of Mormon to Pres- a "man among men."He visited ed.

ident Jose F. Uriburu, who had them and held a special meeting An interesting announcement

successfully conducted the affairs with them. Gratitude for this atwas made early in the current year

of the Republic since the revolution tention given them by one of the by the First Presidency. The reof 1930. President Uriburu perLord's chosen servants continues sponsibilities which had been courto be manifest.sonally sent of gratitude a letter carried ageously directed and

outstanding event of '34 was An Sister Jaraguionis.to Zefera throughout nine years by President He

accepted appreciatively her kind the Eucharistic Congress held by Reinhold Stoof were divided. Arpresentation. the Catholic Church in Buenos gentina and Brazil, extensive ReAires, the Argentina. of eyes The fruitful of publics vineyards and construction dedication and The this world time turned were upon into Lord, the separate were made also chapels outstandof were two a display marvelous of grandeur. Elders Missions headed by W. thising of season. events The of persons Thousands remote from S. Ernest Rulon and Young Howinerection the of meetinghouse in places the the attended world ells their presidents. as respectiveBrazil started 30. In July May religious festivities gatherings and diliservice nine of years The visited thePresident Stoof had in October. in faithfully gently completed and of thatpeople growing "Mormon also rapid This year marked adthe Mission American South by arrangeandCommunity"made in L. vancement S. the Mission. D. Sister Elder Reinhold Stoof and for actual construction thements Relief Society organized on was A pillars Ella as remain Stoof must It begin. to with abunwork was the fourteenth of February. The all in the structure supporting of able that return to joydant he was ladies in mission of the delight organization missionary and work the servicesagain hold with and having organization an comwhich in will that carried future be on for purthepeople 25 on October plies their with need. every Pubyears. his wife Stoof Elder and first the of dedicatingpose Churchlications the of the about progress "father are as esteemed and in meetinghouse Southowned in mission twice were July made nearly of three mother"hundred in chapelAmerica. Argentina The the by Aires Herald, Buenos the of converts to Jesus Church started constructionon which had circulating largest English newsChrist of Latterday Saints dedieighteenthSeptember was in America. paper South throughout America. South Theycated November 15 by President of event the year The major of was are parents happy worthy andStoof. the experienced Annion Ninth six strong, brighteyed healthy,

A disrespectful article about versary date of the mission. Christchildren. Melvin, Delia, Elsa,

"Mormon Baptism"appeared in mas Day the sun was just as Edla, Maria and little Jose Moroni one of the leading magazines puball came to bless the "Mission inlished Argentina. No lived or and those Home,"who permisPerfection justificationsion for granted. was therein entered nine the during

An Elder was attacked and robbed By Celia Larsen years that their parents unselfishly as he returned home from a meetTWILIGHT—a cheery fire—devoted themselves to the cause of

ing. tried! Saints But were loved, well The cozy book A in "Building South Zion"chair—a Up

fairies, things, kings, of and One faithful.they staunch were and America.

fantasy. and Or poetry in BrazilParticularly did work all greets persons Opportunity

falling, is Outside, to flourish. snow Schoolseem A Sunday called to missionary be who may soft silvery flakes of Huge, downthreeact in play presented Delabors in the growing Misand new blue. of twilight In a world

cember attracted an appreciative Blue envelops everything, sions of Argentina and Brazil.

crowd of five hundred persons and But the light across the snow "... They shall go forth and

shall stay them, for I thea request was made that the play GleamingAll is peace—insidegolden invitation.and out. nonebe presented anew. This is living. Lord have commanded them."

.

POETRY The World's First Christmas Name a Light For Me Snow

By Mrs. C. W. Wayland By Julia W. Wolfe By Rena Stotenburg Travais

it silver incandescent star, an a stable a baby lay, whereONEAbove flame OH,UponI shallmy hangChristmasno silvertree, cord I dreary,HEARD the rain and did not count

Hung low to light the dark and lonely way But only candles, gay and bold, For God sends rain to bless the thirsty

Of Shepherds, as they left their flocks and Each for a friendship rich and rare, land;

came That makes the world for me. And I shall find in shifting snows a beauty.

Across Judean Plains—to Bethlehem. Why is it some will never understand

An Angel of the Lord had come to them And at the top, the very top, A Wisdom greater than our own bestows

From out a blazing sky that night to say, And nearest to the star, The gift of brooding clouds and falling "Fear not—for unto you is born this day I'll name the ones I love the best, snows?

fill is zest, joy and my life withA Savior—who Christ—your Lord And

are. dearest, there and King!"And, you I saw the frostbrown grass and found it

They found him in a lowly manger bed, And should you have a Christmas Tree, lovely, (There was no other place to lay his Oh, won't you name a light for me? The rivulets that trickled dark and

head), chill;

Too young to know the joy his birth I did not murmur that the skies were would bring. Mediator Andleaden,leafless maples crowned the windWorld'sThe

to the earth, first Christmas came thus By Blanche Kendall McKey So sweptnow I'llhill; trust Omnipotence that

birth. his to sang hosannas AngelsWhile knows

I little wraith white a am still centuries, changingThrough we of all these drifting earth has need acWHEN all, Why can't at And mortals see me claim snows.

I'll robe, Christmas a don Eve On his bless holy Savior—andHim—our fall, soft with a classical Snowdrop name.

And red as the dripping candles,

Red as the holly itself, The Sacred Grove

To the Shepherds Thenearth,I'll gambol down to the singing By Alice R. Rich

A little white wraith turned into an elf.

By Sylvia Probst APPROACH its welcome shade

The singing earth! Ah, the carols With reverent step.

VT'OURS, the solitude of hills and quiet Faint but clear on the farblown breeze, Let no disturbing sound t days, far, far lights, like quiet a Mardi calm From Mar the Gras—

simple trees. red of a billion green and sacred life, devoid of worldly price, TheA hush And

Yet princes might have envied you that The singing earth! Oh, I'll listen, Here in nature's cool retreat.

night With eyes for love of Christ grown dim;

When Heaven's glory opened to your I'll gather a million songs to my heart Speak softly;

eyes. And carry them straight to Him! Lose not a single note

meadowlark Of sweetvoiced mockingbird,Forever in your heart you must have held And

The sacredness of that immortal song, And hum of busy bee.The radiance of a star, and infinite skies, On a Long Day

The glory of a herald angel throng. Beneath this tree

By Ardyth Kennelly The trusting Joseph You o'er must have lived that hour o'er and AFIRE is company. A clock, a kettle Knelt'Twas inherehumble prayer.

When in the stable you knelt worshiping, are company. The Father and the Son

You, Heaven favored, chosen out of all, Appeared laughing and fire goes tossing a Sometimes first to find and greet the newborn promiseThe gave And silly April remember you on The way I king. up the Gospel Truths Of opening

days. In Latter Days.

What mattered after that if days were It sputters and sings, too, with orangehard, colored Pause here,

If coming years were filled with pain and Thick bright tongues, and I listen and With heart and soul listen strife? attuned. sacred thoughts To

it talks about you and I want to awefilled rapture of that holy night Because SurelyThe hallowed on ground hearEnough for life! stand. word. We Every

All afternoon the kettle whispers to me

Prayers Little green misty words that I do not unViolin

By Rebecca Helman But derstandI am pleased and interested and I By Miranda Walton listen is there a prayer momentEVERY the of spoke Master out space are you. about they For "CROM stair; heaven's upward on Mounting *- to me gold, of Every moment a word

is too nice clock of only it goes majestic company, song, melody; wings On A crystal unfold. phrase, plea aA loud. calm, heart troubled although grew My prayer of thanks (But a goes by when

It far off talks going about dim, eyes you and not were my light sky.) the blazes long downA I back. coming soul responsive answered From my

God looks down from Overall Him.

He hears the loud, the bitter call; Fires and clocks and kettles are kind quiet

The timid cry too fragile far company On ether waves of melody, all things I

To reach the lowesthanging star. To a giri who sits crying and crying, heard,

Then to each one a comforting hand Huddled in a chair with her head in her The sigh of moonlit pines, the lilting

He stretches out..."I understand..."hands, of a bird;

When it's nearly dusk and a brown rain Rare visions of all ages I could see (But to His heart God clasps in love pounds When through your violin, God talked

His children sending thanks above!) And splashes on the windows. to me.

STARTLING STATISTICS By ELIZABETH COLE

ercise and sunshine. Yet we are we can find tuberculosis cases early

STARTLING STATISTICS"so much more health conscious toand thereby get control of the fact that us the brings home to forefathers as our than were. well all make day may We disease—we

sufpermitting more much we are that on better have checkups a far making our minds up chance of greater fering economic and loss our children a healthier group of health have to become a part of Early at all necessary. than is

citizens than our grandparents. our routine just as much as overdiagnosis of tuberculosis—and sanatorium care will solve our problem. As for the regular physical exhauling our automobiles and fixing

full use If make we would of aminations that are necessary so (Continued on page 755) for diagat the instruments hand nosis—the tuberculin test and the chest X-ray—and with the story

these things will tell, go to our legislatures and ask for the Sanatoria we need, the tuberculosis problem will be on its way to solution. Ada Taylor Graham, Executive Secretary Utah Tuberculosis Association.

INandspitetheofcontinuedthe economicnecessitysituationfor relief, death rates from many of the important deathtaking diseases are steadily decreasing. Tu- %

berculosis used to take more people of all ages than any other sickness.

Heart disease, cancer, nephritis, pneumonia, cerebral hemorrhage, and accidents, all have higher death rates today for all ages of the population.

But tuberculosis is, nevertheless, still a serious problem. It is the

leading cause of death between the ages of 15 and 24. Moreover in S)w *B Ihese are my jewels,"said

this decade of life more than oneCornelia, presenting her two sons, the Grachii.

fifth of all deaths which occur are Through the ages her proud boast has been due to tuberculosis. This is indeed the symbol of parental love. Today one of

a startling situation. the duties of that love is to protect children

that every statistics Recent show greatover from their arch foe, tuberculosis—the there are in this countryyear

5,000 deaths of boys and young est cause of death between the ages of fifmen and 8,500 deaths of girls and teen and fortyfive. Christmas

young women from 15 to 25 years Seals help you protect your of age. In other words, the rate "jewels"from this disease.

of mortality for girls is 76 per 100,000 of the female population and 49 per 100,000 of the male population at these ages. The fact that so many boys and B U

girls break down just as they are reaching maturity can be combated in two ways. First, children must

be better equipped to build up resistance and second, their physical CHRISTMAS health should be more carefully checked at regular intervals. Of

course, our presentday pace affects children as well as grownSEALSThe National, State and Localups—they do not always have sufTuberculosis Associations of the United States

ficient rest, nourishing food regularly, and proper chances for ex751 i e ii Of in Christmas God,find fault.forgetsThesehumanareinperfections,tests of the higher,and doesrichernot

HRISTMAS gifts should be in memory of giving at Christmas. Obedience, sacrifice, love the divine gift, the life of Jesus the Christ.—once these tests have been met, the gifts of

His gift gave us eternal life; our gifts should Christmas, small or great, become more pleasenliven with joy those who receive. His gift ing to the Lord, by a subtle, spiritual sense, more

was the sacrifice of His earthly life; our gifts acceptable to the recipient, and leave permashould represent personal sacrifices on our part. nent joy with the giver.

It is easy to give to our own, those whom we Would it not be well this Christmas, to give love. Their gladness becomes our joy. We first to the Lord, directly through obedience,

are not quite so ready to give to others, even sacrifice, and love, and then to give to Him inif they are in need, for their happiness does not directly through gifts to friends and those in seem so necessary to our happiness. It appears need as well as to our own? Should we do this,

yet more difficult to give to the Lord, for we are perhaps many of us would discover a new

A. W. prone to believe that He must give and ask Christmas joy.—J.

nothing in return.

order. the proper foolishly reversed have We Lord; A Family first gift to the should at Christmas be Our

next to the friend or stranger by our gate; then, HRISTMAS with all its attendant joys is at

surcharged with the effulgence from such giving, hand. Christmas!—it is a word to conjure we would enhance the value of our gifts to our with—to live with—to grow with! Mirth and

very own. A selfish gift leaves a scar upon the jollity hold sway. Halftones may do for the

soul, and it is but half a gift. rest of the winter season, but now there must

How can we give to the Lord? What shall be riotously gay colors for everyone. Fairies

we give to Him? Every kind word to our own, reenter the hearts of even the most stolid and

every help given them, are as gifts to God, repaint this fair world more beautifully than whose chief concern is the welfare of His chilit has ever been tinted before.

dren. Every gentle deed to our neighbor, every Adults dare to be childish in their enthusiasm.

kindness to the poor and suffering, are gifts to The chance meeting of an old acquaintance on the Lord, before whom all mankind are equal. the street, the warm handclasp of a dear friend,

tion—andEvery conformitythis is oftofirsttheimportance—isLord's plan ofa salvadirect thememberssurreptitiousof the family—allwhisperingsbecomeand scurryingsmore glamof

gift to God, for thereby we fit ourselves more orous at Christmas time and make it the gala nearly for our divinely planned destiny. season of the whole year.

The desire and effort to give to the Lord, born Each member of the family will do his best of the surrender of man to the plan of salvato make this the most memorable of the Christtion, stamp every Christmas gift with genuine mases celebrated in the household. The older

value. They who identify themselves with the members can plan games in which all may

plan, who do not resist it, who earnestly seek to participate. They can also make candy and

tread the path of the plan, are true givers to cookies. The younger ones can pop the corn and

the Lord, and their gifts to men come with the make cocoa. Then family unity will be fostered

flavor of heaven. The Lord and His plan must and love will loosen the cockles of the heart.

have place in our Christmas celebration. Underneath all the external bustle of good

Do we give intelligent obedience to the laws cheer, gaiety, and abandon, Latterday Saints of the Gospel—obedience based upon sober should strike a deeper note of true joy and of

study and trial of the practises of the Church? lasting happiness. The friendliness and love

If our giving is without such obedience, it is which permeate the air during this season should away from the Lord, not towards Him. Do we be diffused throughout the year. This can be

stand ready to sacrifice for the cause of the accomplished, not by eliminating the amount of

Lord, in the unpaid services of the Church? jollity in evidence at Christmas but by increasThat is, are our time, talents, and means at the ing the exposure to Christian philosophy during

disposal of those who administer the Lord's this season.

work? Great is the gift from such a hand. Christmas has its greatest significance in famDo we look upon the progress of the purposes ily life. Family life to Latterday Saints has an

of the Lord, by feeble human instruments, eternal value. God is the Father of our spirits;

through eyes of love? Love looks deep into the Christ is our elder brother whose birthday we

soul, beyond superficialities; the loving husband are celebrating. It seems that we should not be

does not sense that age is stealing upon the quite fair if we took all the pleasure of the day sweetheart of his youth; the member who loves without remembering Christ in some particular

the Church dwells upon the likeness of man to way. Since, however, He is not visible to most

EDITORIAL

of us, we could honor Him by selecting some good works both in and outside of the home.

especially pleasing picture of Him to which we They must be helpful, not selfish; tolerant, not

can give the place of honor in the house for faultfinding; cheerful, not sour; trustful, not

this season. Any family can also recreate, in skeptical; kind, not harsh; longsuffering, not

visible form, the scene of the nativity or perhaps impatient; honest, not dishonest; sweet, not bitsome other scene which will make the Christ a ter; loving, not hating; open, not secretive;

member of the festivities. liberal, not mercenary; healthy, not ill; purposeChristmas, then, can be a reminder of our ful, not namby pamby; praiseful, not critical of

eternal family relationship with God and His others; willing to serve, not always asking servSon, Jesus Christ. Our laughter, play, work, ice; communityminded, not indifferent; preand lives should be such that we can retain our pared, not useless.

membership in Their household. M. C. J. These home folk who wish as their abiding

guests Spirituality and Happiness must be inSpirituality—Happiness and,terestedto ainlesserall otherdegree,homesall homesof the everywhere.community

They must also be ready and willing to support

CINCE spirituality and happiness are both byand defend the institutions which have been set products of right living, obviously what we up to aid in maintaining homes of fine qualitymean by our slogan, "We stand for spirituality schools, governments, churches. If we are to

and happiness in the home,"is "We stand for livbe properly spiritually minded we must reing the kind of life which brings as a desirable byexamine all of these agencies frequently in order product, spirituality and happiness to the home."to see that they are serving to build up and

A person cannot by saying I am spiritual be strengthen rather than to tear down and destroy spiritual; neither can he by saying I am happy the home, and thereby the individual.

be happy. If he could, without doubt all of us Though prayer is desirable and even neceswould be both spiritual and happy. Both of sary if we are to maintain our communication

these divine conditions grow out of the heart with God, we must not forget that our spiritualand unless our hearts be right we cannot posity is not determined by our prayers or our ecsess them; if our hearts are right, and we find stacies during a fine sermon or our presence in

ourselves in a society where all hearts are right, Church altogether; it is determined by our deeds.

no one can bar them from us. Jesus was insistent upon that. "Feed my sheep,"

Spirituality is an attitude of mind which, if it said He. "Inasmuch as ye did it unto one of

be possessed, manifests itself in all of our acts. the least of these my brethren, ye have done it

It is not an abstract condition unconnected with unto me.""Do unto others...""love thy

the acts of life. Paul, the great religious letterneighbor as thyself...""He who would be

writer, comes close to defining spirituality in his great among you let him become the servant..."

immortal Thirteenth chapter of his first letter to Spirituality and Happiness are closely bound the Corinthian Saints. Think of the joy that up together. Spirituality, indeed, is a Godly

would come to one living in a society where happiness—Happiness is a state of mind brought

every person is right with God and man and on by fine service and a feeling that all is well where abideth Faith, Hope, and Love! That with the soul.

would be both a spiritual and a happy society. And now abideth Faith, Hope, Love, these

The home which expects to invite these two three and where they abide, happiness must also conditions as abiding residents must have in it abide as she is a bosom companion of the other father, mother, and children who are active in three.—//. R. M.

!t$ **,*..* &&*& Wf S

IN A DOWN TO THE FAIR WINDJAMMER

were ordinary seamen on a full rigged sailing vessel, a rare title in THE CREW—SEA SCOUTS

this day of steam and diesel power.

TAND by to set the main Frank Kessinger bought the ship is a trip that was a trip called the Star of Alaska, from the royal,"the Captain sings out. HERE

Scouts! Inc., for especially Packers Sea Alaskan about two all fall to, Scouts Sea TheIS float along experience to an What years at the time ago he swore and letting the out deck on hands through the of the under wind power when moved the Pacific Queen royal Pacific buntlines This that those while the Ocean! on the mighty

yard arm 165 feet above the deck, brief account by the First Mate of she would move with the wind.

the will Pacific the quicken Queen never no She has motors and now gaskets. loosen up the and make lubber. Sea heart of a land even will have. out hours and A few off buntlines get the and "Overhaul Scouts, ahoy! least the at you while why, know calls out. the the yard,"Captain

The acre and a half of sails are set winds are gentle. No throb of

is air; cuts the there only motor the blueblack waters of San and right. the Captain marked, and was silent stars the clear of the beauty slip to the alongside begin as Pedro old strong were They of men—those the gently rocks which and moon the ship gathers before headway sailors, bronzed of muscle hard and drifts as like ship the a forward breeze. freshening a face, with of courageous men leaf a stream. on slowmoving foot Queen, 300 Pacific The eagle's. as as keen weather an eye is to unless nothing be There done fortyin shipyard Scotland born a their of thought a never own With lie back you your on and wonder the christened nine years ago and with a courage, mast climbed they sails, at the acres strength the of of is off to Diego, Balclutha, San footing the to outwit storm sure a fill kites giant that the winds. with stately of proudly her aware own wind. and traffic signs, interferstop no No lifting dignity, foot three her 170 RiverScouts from Eleven Sea ence, liners the great only and the seagulls to the masts sky where side Huntington from two Ward, curious close to yachts come wonis fly. or Diego San Australia—it Vallejo, four one Park, from from at ship of the a glory der of type all the to the same Queen, Pacific the son Captain's Diego, and San that to again. has never gone come built steel a as of seaworthy and is It fiftytwo the crew. up made

ship or as the ever horn rounded to hours Pedro from San San of hours out Pedro San A FEW for at Catalina. shot a posed movie blistering fiftytwo of Diego, hours All land drops and away. trip, before Several the months full ship rigged the only on work sails set the been have crew and perwriter the received asked and

mission to furnish the crew for divided into watches. The boys

the trip, having in mind the Sea have built a roaring fire in their

Scouts of the Riverside Ward of galley forward and have cooked the San Bernardino Stake of which one of those allaround mulligans he is Skipper. As far as can be that are talked about after fishing

determined this is the first time a trips when one eats with the apcrew of Sea Scouts has sailed a petite of a goat. Forward and aft

full rigged ship under the superthe time advances, cleartoned bells vision of a Sea Scout Skipper. sound the hours. A sailor dawdles

Captain Roy Moyes was in com-—*>"l "l(*''at the wheel turning it smoothly.

mand and stood by to direct the Navy boats, including two great work when necessary. The writer airplane carriers, cruise across the

acted as first mate and took charge THE WINDJAMMER sailing ship's course. Fishing

of the Starboard watch. Sea boats chug alongside to answer a

Scout John Lunde, of Vallejo, Calin active commission flying the megaphone hail to check bearings.

ifornia, acted as second mate and United States flag. This is ro- A huge freighter, pouring black

took charge of the Port watch. mance and adventure, the kind you smoke from her funnels, gives three

The anchor had been lifted by read about but never expect to vibrant moans of her whistle.

hand, a great redrusted anchor experience. "Farmers gone to "She's saying hello to you, boy,"

that came away with a groan as sea,"thought I as the Sea Scouts says the Captain turning to a shirt19 Sea Scouts and the Mates were came aboard and gazed with astonless Sea Scout. "Wave to her."

doublequick around the capstan. ishment at the maze of rigging. Not only the ships but even the

"That's something you may But willing boys learn fast and fish are friendly. They swim alongnever see again,"the Captain rebefore the trip was finished they side, scoffing at the bacon rind of754

production, the "Mutiny on By is sides of her Bounty."One

paralleled with black and white CON HEATH paint bands which are surmounted with imitation cannons which will look like the real thing in the picTOP: AT ANCHOR IN SAN DIEGO HARBORture.

ONE SIDE PAINTED FOR "MUTINY OF THE Of steel constructon throughout BOUNTY"condition, the and in good Pacific

MIDDLE: LOOKING UP AT THE MAIN MAST.

will for not dock many Queen BOTTOM: UNDER FULL SAIL. years if the plans of Mr. Kessinger

and Captain Moyes are realized.

It may become a center of interest fered to them on the end of a hook. for Sea Scouts all over the United

Three yellow tails glow in the sun States.

as they dart through the water. So now we're back home again

They tag along from ten o'clock to our dry land meetings and makeone morning until one o'clock in believe ship still talking of the time the afternoon waiting for somewe sailed a windjammer down to thing more appetizing than a piece the San Diego Exposition.

of bacon or a piece of leftover toast from breakfast. A shark gives a 'WM

smart wriggle of his tail to make fun of our slow progress. But the

happiest fish and the most purpose- (Continued from page 751) ful are the porpoises, or the big clothes at reghouses up our and blackblack boys been may have the year. periods during idea ular porpoise has a grandfish. A

that he is going somewhere in a yO return to statistics again—it

hurry, arching his oily back out has been found from a study of the water like the curve of a of tuberculosis cases in sanatoria bow, and diving under again to that only 16 per cent were in the progress like a wheel that isn't early or incipient stage of the disround. A school of several hunease upon entrance. The remaindred, cutting up the surface of the der were so sick that they will have

sea with a myriad of turbulent to remain much longer under splashings, dive under the bow of treatment and their chance for rethe boat and away. covery is far less likely.

A few hours out of San Diego It was revealed in a recent study harbor the seagulls join the cruise, that 71 per cent of the women in a perching companionably atop the group of sanatorium patients were high masts and talking in type- J/J:, ikf\ under thirty years of age on adwriter defying notes to say that f / //, \ mission; 53 per cent of the men

they prefer sailing ships. were under thirty. Half of the

Reaching Point Loma after an women had been admitted before afternoon, two nights, and two they were thirtyfive. Because of

days of sailing, means clewing up their youth their chance for rethe sails and making ready to drop covery is better on the whole but anchor, with the red and white when we realize that tuberculosis lights of San Diego beaming in the is a needless waste of lives—that

fading sunset. Dead ahead is a it may be controlled and probably

small fishing boat moored without will be as unusual as smallpox fifty lights which we miss, and the good years from now, we certainly ship Pacific Queen has sailed into should do our part and give our another harbor. children more intelligent protecFrank Kessinger, the owner, will tion.

keep the ship in San Diego until The education campaign of the after the exposition. He has had National Tuberculosis Association

her fitted with glass tanks in which and its affiliated associations has he will exhibit a startling number gone far in making a healthier naof deep sea monstrosities and untion, with people better equipped usual fish to delight the school chilto fight sickness. We can well

dren and anyone else who ever afford to support them by buying dropped a sardine over the wharf and using their Christmas Seals or cast a fly into an icy pool. sold annually in December—their

Now again the ship will star in work indeed has been worthwhile a movie. For fifteen days she anand they deserve to receive the

chored at Catalina Island to play continued help of thinking men and a stellar role in the forthcoming women.

OCHURCH MOVE ON

Dr. Eyring's Physics Text man of the assembly was Benjamin Chapel Built in

Book to be Published AmongGammeron,other notablesof Panguitch,who were Utah.presTexas Mission

A TEXT BOOK in Physics for ent were Willard Smith, son of Lot TAMES M. PETERSON, president

* lower division college students Smith and Joe Lee, grandson of John J of the Texas Mission, reports that written by Dr. Carl F. Eyring, Dean D. Lee. A number of people who a chapel has been built at Farmersof the College of Arts and Letters at crossed at the ferry, "the only place ville, La., and also one at Dallas,

Brigham Young University, has been up and down the river for 200 miles Texas.

accepted for publication next year by where a crossing could be made,"acone of the large book companies of cording to one pioneer, in 1 877, 1 878, Brimhall Building

America. Dr. Eyring is a physicist of and 1879, were present at the celeDedicatedexcellent training and many years of bration. President Grant remained

experience. overnight at the Ferry and spoke r\N October 16, 1935, the sixtieth

both on Friday and Saturday. aniversary of Founder's Day at

Dr. M. Lynn Bennion The committee in charge of the Brigham Young University was celebrated. Grant President Heber J.To Supervise Seminaries celebrationan annual affair.hopes Thethat roadsit maythisbecomeyear dedicated and the new science

F\R. M. LYNN BENNION, son from Navajo Bridge to the Ferry were building, giving it the name of artsthe

of Dr. Milton Bennion, Dean of not too good, but the historic spot George H. Brimhall building in honor

Education at the University of Utah was most interesting to those who of the late Dr. George H. Brimhall,

and a member of the Deseret Sunday had not visited it before. Several third president of the institution. The

has Board,School been Union apgroups of Indians—Navajos, supervisor Senior Semipointed of the Piutes, and Utes—were present.Hopis, newconstruction,building threeis ofstorieslatest high.fireproofnaries of of Christ Jesus the Church

Saints.of Latterday Dr. Bennion of Manuscript Books Bishop Emery Made the University graduated fromwas

Utah and later, with a Ph. D. degree, Being Photographed Patriarch

California. the of Universityfrom EMERY, W. WILFORD pISHOP precious of manuscripts the TVJANY of years'*-* has expe- a number hadHe for served as has Bishop 25 who in Historian's the held Church principalrience of seminary. as a a in honoryears the 29th Ward, was are the Office photographed being by in the will of department edubeHe ably Catmull released and N. Owen photographic of department Brighamcation direction the of Dr. under his stead. in sustained as Bishop was in there that order University Young of L.Franklin commissioner West, patriordained Bishop a Emery was losing of be danger them. no may of theEducation Church. arch.

Lee's Celebration Ferry Foreign Language NewsPark City Ward

First of Celebration Annual'"PHE papers Discontinued Divided crossing * the of the Mormon Pioneers at Lee's Ferry on the Colorado HTHE "Bikuben,"established 60 HTHE Park City Ward has been diRiver was celebrated October 11, years ago; the "Utah Posten,"* vided into the Park City First

12, 13, 1935. President Heber J. established 35 years ago; the "Salt Ward and the Park City Second

Grant, the Governor of Arizona, and Lake City Beobachter,"established Ward. John Edward Hollands was

Superintendent Charles Skidmore, 44 years ago, and "De Utah Nedersustained as Bishop of the First Ward representing the Governor of Utah lander,"established 22 years ago, and Lloyd A. Olsen was sustained

who could not attend, were present were all discontinued on Thursday, as Bishop of the Second Ward.

and spoke on the program. The chairOct. 3, 1935, as Church publications.

Fountain Green Has New Bishop TRVIN P. OLDROYD was sustained as Bishop of the Fountain Green.

Ward.

Ely Ward Reorganized JOHN M. LORENSON was sus-

J tained as Bishop of the Ely Ward,.

Nevada Stake.

The Bonneville Stake GROUP OF PIONEERS WHO CROSSED THE COLORADO RIVER AT LEE'S FERRY AT THE CALL Organized

OF BRIGHAM YOUNG TO SETTLE IN ARIZONA HTHE Bonneville Stake was organFirst Salt Yezzie, row: H. Hale, Lake City; Chissie Arizona; H. Howard Tuba, Nelson, Tucson, ized with Joseph L. Wirthlin as; Arizona; J. Flake, Petersen, A. Call, Bountiful; Arizona; Snowflake, John James Arizona; Standard, W.

V. 0. Call, Bountiful. president and Walter Creed HayFlagstaff, row: Margaret Johnson, Mackelbrang, Second C. Compton, Utah; C. Arizona; Mrs. mond as first counselor and Owen G. Comcton, Arizona; Flagstaff, Brinkerhoff, Fillmore; Fillmore; D. A. Brinkerhoff, Mrs. Mrs. \iohn

M. Ford, Kanab; Israel Call, Bountiful, Utah; Brigham F. Duffin, Salt Lake; Mrs. Frank Johnosn, Reichman as second counselor. This

Flake, Hurricane; Arizona; Snowflake, Johnson, Hurricane; B. James M. Frank Petersen, Phoebe stake is taken from the Liberty Stake

Israel Arizona; Standard, B. Call, Idaho; Melissa Idaho Falls, Idaho; R. Willard Holbrook, P. Smith,

Smith, Holbrook, Idaho; Mrs. E. A. Foutz, Ogden; Mr. E. A. Foutz, Ogden; B, A. Cameron, and consists of the following Wards

Flagstaff, Arizona. Emigration, ThirtyThird, LeGrande,

Utalj; Lee Humphries, Jos. Mrs. Hurricane, Third row: Mrs. Lee, Jr., H. Tuba, Arizona; Ada and Yale. the 115th; This makes Cornelius, Virgin, George, Lola Lee Utah; Hurricane, Hinton, Utah; George Utah; J. M. W. Lee, St. W.

B. Wilson, Hurricane, Utah; A. C. Peterson, Flagstaff, Arizona. Stake in the Church.

EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE Contributed by FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Graduate Student in Physics, B. Y. U,

Moab Mastodon Pictograph meter of alcohol was 9.7 per cent certain chemicals, she found that the

slower on selective reaction to a stimcells actually divided until forming

DHOTOGRAPHS of pictographs ulus, that is, it would take him five aggregates of as many as a hundred or rock carvings of a mastodon to eight feet longer to stop driving at cells. It has been a basic idea in

or elephant from three miles down forty miles an hour. Further results biology that the cellprotoplasm's acthe Colorado Canyon below Moab, showed the "alcohol"group was 17.4 tivities are in some way controlled

Utah, are given in the October, 1935, per cent slower on muscular reaction; by the nucleus.

Scientific Monthly, According to the they made 35.3 per cent more errors

author it represents considerable work on concentration of attention, and Oil Fires Put Out by on the part of the primitive artists 59.7 more errors on a test measuring Fine Spray of Water

and "it appears to be an authentic coordination. (Atlantic Monthly, rATERJ is being used successfully

link aboriginal the April, 1935.) between and man to fight oil fires the by forcing W it is for Exhaustive highlyelephant or mastodon, special American experiments water through nozzles

improbable that any primitive artist showed "tests of speech, of speed of sprinkler pipes or in a hose to formin likeeye ofcould movement, so achieved a body have good sway fine spray. as the a (Science Letter, News

still closed, his subjectness stood without having eyes with creaseen such a 12, October droplets 1935.) The

all revealed control at leastture or picture seen decreased having a motor size, must of be a certain neither too of one done by some fellow artist."after the drinking of very moderate large nor too small, to be successful.

doses of alcohol. Tests showed that The spray acts by reducing the temNew Map of Hispanic learning was slower after drinking perature of the oil below the flame

point, dilution of the combustibleAmerica anddistinguishmemorybetweenless sure;noisesthat abilityand beto cooling vapor, and the evaporation by

colors after diminished of the largest and most fruittween/\NE the drinkof to steam. water drops The

of ing. Tests concenattention and"ful practical cooperative and be shot sufficiently must to reach hard

undertakings in science is a new map tration confirmed the findings of the the blazing surface.

of Hispanic America on the scale of Danish experimenters. Tests of reaone to a million. This map is to be soning and thinking showed measurNoise Causes Deafness

ready for the engraver at the end of able losses in ability."By Damage to Nerve

1935. the compiled Being Amerby to exposure conDisease interican Mental Campaign Society Geographical on with stant sufficient noise of loudness CONTINUOUS itnational in cooperation, begun was preparhealth are workers will deafness cause to nerve "PUBLIC due ten1920, with year a working men fight finish to for to according ing the damage a on Dr. Lurie H. M.

it, counting cooperation the notupon illness. Sept. (Science, 11, mental Lurie 27, (Science, Dr. October 1935).

allof of hundreds the persons and associates Public that Health concluded and 1935.) deafAmerican The ofgovernments America.—Pan ness life in at can at Association be an anMilwaukee, adult caused by

10, 1935.Science, October of told try to neglect to childear trouble nual mild in meeting was

promote mental health in children, hood; by exposure to loud noises for

Vitamin E where physicians and teachers hold long periods of time which causes the is of sensitive in cells positions. death disease hearing key Mental the the meeting of AmericanAT ear; the certain in diseases acquired drugs mainly childhood. by and Two*f in of *'College FranSurgeons San fever, of points as typhoid the influenza, presented FredDr. by mumps,cisco precious the milligrams of 1000 quinine, erick importalcohol the and Patry emphasized cause acwhich reproductivepure Vitamin were E tual destruction attention of physiof the the school ending ance nerve byexhibited of Herbert Evans, Dr. by failing in in ear; the cian middle children explosions; or school to by and

California.the University of The misfitted, unregulated noise by are long over and unhappy, and who isolation re- E,Vitamin whose was

is periods. that important the the most home

in theported Era, November was institution of society to with respect oilextracted cottonseed from and Victory Plagues Over Two health. mental

oil. minutewheatgerm white The in Sweden filled crystalsspike botshaped two

tles, each about the size of a little Half Cell Without Nuclei F)R. EINAR RIETZ, health comfinger. This small amount, because Develops to Many Celled missioner of Stockholm, reports

of its potency, is enough for many Stage 1(Science935 ), theNewspracticalLetter,eradicationOct. 19,inexperiments.

yOUNGER developmentstages of Sweden of the two venereal diseases,

Alcohol and Motor Traffic a sea urchin have been produced syphilis and gonorrhea, which cause from halves of eggs, from which the more suffering and disability than any 'T'HE effect of alcohol on the automaternal nucleus had been excluded other communicable disease.

mobile driver was the problem in and which were never fertilized. That The Swedish method provides for

a scientific investigation by Paul is literally life without either father free medical and hospital care and

Bahnsen and K. VedelPeterson of or mother. medicine to any patient who has

the Psychotechnical Institute, CopenDr. Ethel Browne Harvey reported syphillis in the infection stage. All pahagen, Denmark. They selected the in Science, September 20, that by tients must take treatment; those who

four of fourteen experiments with whirling the unfertilized eggs in a cendo not are subject to severe penalties greatest similarity to those functions trifuge, developing 10,000 times the including hard labor. Cases must be

which play an important part in drivforce of gravity she was able to direported as with any other coming. The results indicated that a pervide the eggs. Transferring the half municable disease, but they are reson who had had.6 of a cubic centieggs with nuclei to seawater with ported without the patient's name.

o ZOOK REVIEW 44Singing Hearts""The Story of the Bible"

Wills Wangsgaard, The(By Eva Russell Bowie; (By Walter The

Printers, Ltd., Caldwell,Caxton Press, Abingdon Avenue, 1 50 Fifth

Idaho; pp. 130; $2.00.) New York; pp. 550; $3.

TLJERE is a volume which comes out * A of the singing heart of one of HPHIS book is the story of the Bible our western girls. The lyrics within "retold from Genesis to Revelait suggest the spirit of the birds and tions in the light of present knowledge

flowers, the sagespread hills and for both young and old,"according vales,"writes Dr. Howard R. Driggs to an announcement made on the

in a foreword printed in the volume. jacket. It will be found to be inHe has caught the flavor of the pages teresting to Adults and Seniors in

in those words. connection with their "Reading

In every poem of the volume the Course,"building background for sweetness and wholesomeness of rural reading. Dr. Bowie is rector of

life are to be found. Here are tender Grace Church in the City of New

sunshine, few showers; bird warblings York. The volume contains twentyand

of sorrow. little sorrow or even the shadow—H.one lovelyR. M.illustrations in full color.

Eva Willes Wangsgaard resides in

Ogden, Utah, where she sings at her Sunday the True Sevhome. of making a happywork

OF MAKING A WAY THE HOLIDAYS Sabbath of Goderal verses her appear in "Utah of FOR GROWTH COUNT of ContemporarySings, a Volume

Verse,"which was published last year Books For Everyone Deseret(By SamuelBookWalterCompany,Gamble,Salt The by the Utah Academy of Sciences, rHEN the Christmas wrappings Lake City, $1.25.)

Arts and Letters. H. R. M. drop to the floor and the

or Saturday Sabbath Day, to HPHE Wcrinkling mystery paper adds of in is the treated topic Sunday,"Mormonism and Masonry'ji sure that joy, be the ecstatic gasps of (By E. Cecil McGavin, Deseret a goodly number of unwrapped packthis book. It has run through its

News Press, Salt Lake City; pp. 87. ages reveal Christmas books for the tenth edition and, therefore, is well

It readers. of hundreds by known without entire Christmas family. little this well printed book, and N interest special will missionof to be like stocking will without be a books in cloth, Cecil E. McGavin, bound

all all aries at are those and who will give more comcandy. Books S. ofprincipal the Spanish L. D. Fork the troubled propriety of worabout because the than candy even fort regives comprehensiveSeminary, a shipping instead of on on Sunday give discomfort, physical sweets may the relationship of of Josephview of student Saturday. Gamble, a Mr. will o/fer for whereas books food if to disproves,Smith and Masonry rather practices, conproves Hebrew to come. thought days for many his evidence, acceptsone documented

fall clusively that not the did Sabbath the to zest will Reading add.the joined that the Prophet charge

fixed but always a on Saturday was will carry celebration Christmas and to long only enough becomeMasonry falling to according day, law Hebrew the into living impetus an new for its symbols,well acquainted with of the during various on days week year.rituals, in use robes order to and them

years. a contains various book The that editors the hope "Era"The ofin the temple ceremony. Mr. Mcthis chart the of showing Sabbaths will questhe solve momentous you reading considerable has doneGavin variation year. to year from using tion some by what for of whom his case subject presents theon andin order that those who were met of the books listed on this page.—H. R. M.

with these charges of plagiarism on the part of the Prophet Joseph Smith, no reticences concerning sacred Mark Twain Wit and Wisdom as he was in his youth, may have the things, it is advisable to have some (Edited by Cyril Clemens, Fredfacts as they were, laid before them. book at hand which will help create erick A. Stokes Company, 1935.)

the sanctity children of the minds long projected bein book was The life's origin. to attaches TUTARK TWAIN centennial in which titlefore the under volume the same

by President A. W. Ivins came from The book besides being decidedly America is being celebrated this

the press, but was withheld when the readable and informational has an year, to commemorate his birth Noauthor learned of President Ivin's added feature in that it can be given vember 30, 1835. His genial spirit

purpose. a chapter at a time to children so that and his keen intuition have made him

Church Historian, Joseph Fielding they may read for themselves. Each recognized as a great spirit in literSmith, Dr. John A. Widtsoe, a memchapter has been finished in such a ature and a popular writer for all

ber of the council of the Twelve way that it can be given as a unit kinds of people.

Apostles, and others read the manuto the child at the age when he needs All lovers of his work will welcome script and approved it before it was it. He need not then be burdened this little volume of the wit and wispublished, according to a foreword with other parts of the books for dom of the man with whom their

by Mr. McGavin.—H. R. M. which he may not have an interest. childhood was so fortunately spent.

The author is a Latterday Saint To those who have not discovered the

Life's Origin convert from Germany and has furrare soul that was Mark Twain, this nished an exceptionally commendable book will serve as an appetizer for the (Horst Scharffs, Utah Publishing book which will prove of value in any full banquet which he spreads in his 1664,Company, Box there children are where Salt Lake home who works.

priceCity, Utah, $1.00.) right should in the be told The spontaneous wit which was his way about

VS7HEN the world is moving forthe mystery and the wonder of life. has given rise to innumerable stories

vv ward so rapidly and there are—M. C. /. which have gravitated to his name.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

even though undoubtedly some of Of course the book is much more than living....""A true statesman who

them were not his originally. His these stories, for Dr. Driggs adds to knows how to rule and does so...."

ability to capitalize on the commonthe tales historical data which give "A builder and a man who can vision placepeople.—M.makes C.him/. the envy of most theof PonyreaderExpressa ratherDayscompleteand pictureof the ingthe armsfuture."and Ofsucceededcourse, inhe doingwas sellso,

hardships and dangers encountered by for President Young recognized in the daring men who carried the mail the new Colt revolver a remarkable

Youth's Captain on horseback over miles and miles of weapon both for defense and offense.

(Hildegarde Hawthorne, Longmans, "howling"wilderness. The book is interesting reading,

Green and Company, 1935, price This would be a good book for the contains 301 pages, and several photo- $2.00.) home—especially of those people who graphs of early Colt arms. H. R. M.

admire the manhood of the past and

HPO one who has suffered from a enjoy the romance of an era that is * mania for books, the statement rapidly fading. All Sail Set

comesfrom Captain home Youth's book, Driggs'Dr. best known Romance Flying of the Cloud per- A too force, strikingwith buy "You is Indian haps, Boy."his "White

cryptic This books, William."many Armstrong Sperry, C. John ( By H. M. R.

it aside shouldremark be laid when Winston Chicago, Company, to a considerationcomes $2.00.)

this particular book. of buying Good Manners PNOCH THACHER, a lad who Although written primarily for'a (By Beth Bailey McLean, The had been born with a tang of the

younger audience, Youth's Captain Manual Arts Press, Peoria, sea in his blood, became a member has an equal appeal to the mature Illinois, price $1.00.) of the crew of the Flying Cloud, a

mind. Its interest is especially great newtype sailing vessel built by Donto one who has been made thor- "\17ITH today's interest in doing the ald McKay. Enoch sailed before the

oughly conversant with the rich qual- *"correct thing, Good Manners, mast in her around the Horn to Sanities of the mature Ralph Waldo Emby Beth Bailey McLean, will prove Francisco. The voyage was full of

erson's mind. The biography is writof undoubted interest among the stirring adventure. Here is a book,

ten in a manner which invites those young people who are intent on imespecially for boys ( and I was young who open the book to finish with all proving their company behavior. enough to enjoy it ) that is wholesome

possible dispatch. As with charity so with courtesy, and yet exciting. It is beautifully

The wholesomeness of this story the beginning must be made at home. printed and illustrated. The lad who

of a boy who grew into manhood as The very first chapter is titled "Good reads it will come away from it with the inspiration of countless people in Manners at Home."While it is true pulses racing and a better understandtheir search for truth deserves to be that young people do not care to be ing of a sailing vessel than he has ever

recommended to all people, both old preached at, they do like to know by had before.—//. R. M.

and young, for their education and insinuation just what is good to do.

enjoyment. M. C. J. The wise parent will avoid tempests

in teapots by the purchase of this Mary Hale Woolsey's Songs

The Pony Express book which can then be left in a conThat Reach the Heart

Goes Through eagerspicuousinquiringplace youth.for theTeachersperusalwhoby (Containing 15 Choice Waltz

Songs, Freeman Music Co., in Hospitality using of the Art American Saga Told By areAn Cortland, N. Y.) find will classes Gleaner it a helpful, Its Heroes

inexpensive, writer supplementary book. TUTARY HALE WOOLSEY, Frederick R. Driggs, Howard ( By M. C. J. of the of that words ever popular York, Stokes A. Company, New

It's in Spring the "When Time $2.50.) Yankee Arms Maker Rockies,"has been featured in this

HPHIS book of 208 pages was written volume of songs, popular sheetmusic

A by Dr. Howard R. Driggs, proThe Incredible Career of Samuel Colt size, containing words and music of

fessor of EnglishEducation at New Rohan, (By Jack Harper and fivelar numbersof her songsby otherand tenwriters.other popuMrs. University, a native Utahn York who Brothers, 1935, $3.00.)

has been an important factor in preWoolsey's picture appears on the serving the old trails and landmarks A LL westerners have heard of the cover and a sketch of her life appears of the West. He is at present, and ** Colt revolver and of other arms on the table of contents.

has been for several years, president manufactured by the Colt Company, Her included songs are: "When

of the Oregon Trail Association. but few of them know much about It's Twilight in the Valley of My

Interest is lent to this book by the man who invented the gun which Dreams,"music by Lon Healy;

means of illustrations in color and in became the defender of law and order "Wyoming Sweetheart of Mine,"black and white by William H. Jackas well as, sometimes, a vicious opmusic by Helen Davis and Carolyn

son, pioneer photographer and artist ponent of the law. Freeman; "Little OldFashioned

who traveled the great plains in the This story of Samuel Colt is anHome,"music by Carolyn Freeman days when he had to make his own other tale of a man who could not and Lon Healy; "Colorado Skies,"

in order Taggert, Milt wet plates coauthor of the words, to photograph the be a boy who had ideas stopped—of beheld. scenes wild he the Jack author Glenn Brown, of displaying and them insisted upon

<A comprehensive map showing the regardless of parental objection or music; "Dream Kisses,"Ona Vicold Pony Express Trail is printed in physical handicaps in the way of toria La Monte, coauthor of words

front and back of the book. money. and music by William Bowman and

The volume is made up of stories It is interesting to note that Samuel Carolyn Freeman.

told to Dr. Driggs by the pony express Colt believed in the leadership of The folio is made up of those lilting

all of great sent the not most if Brigham and Young men themselves, gift rewaltz melodies that are always popfinest his leader pair of away. a These have now passed whom

tales were gathered painstakingly by volvers. He said of President Young, ular. Mrs. Woolsey's words possess

the author over a period of years. "He is the one really great leader the charm found in all of her songs.

. )::

LIGHTS AND SHADOWS

FROM "MUTINY ON THE BOUNTY'FROM "STORMY"

We Would Like to Know picture, a thrilling story of the fight

Your Favorites with the sea, of human suffering and cruelty, as well as human heroism and

DLEASE fill out the following blank, sympathy, of that strange romance -* r one like it, and mail it to us chat mingled the blood of England accompanied by a letter of from 25 to with the blood of the South Seas to 50 words. You may receive a cash refound the curious settlement of Pitfor so ward doing that case and in you little cairn's hidden away Island—a will help materially. us delay. not Do that kept violated the colony law yet

RULES Christian traditions. Family, except

1. Open to everybody. We solicit willthat theprovecrueltytoo ofmuchsome forof thesensitivescenes replies.

2. Clip this coupon or fill out a simadults or children.

ilar (20th it in Secret form send and Charlie Chan's by January

ABOVE: FROM "IN OLD KENTUCKY"25, 1936. characteristic CenturyFox) A FROM "ROSE OF THE 3. best letter For the of between BELOW: plot of threads tale with: many RANCHO"Chan

twentyfive fifty telling and words why into suspicion an excellent and woven Night's Aidsummer like Dream (Waryou particular best, some movie story. scenes. spooky SomeThe ner Bros.-First will five Improvement give Era National): Exdetective

Dir. Cast: Wiles.: Gordon Wardollars, three dollars cellent. for prize, it. second All should see

ner Quigley, HenriCharles Oland,two dollar prizes. one Metropolitan Century- ( 20th

etta letter 4. Rosita Lawrence, Crosman, The must be accompanied: Certain Fox) is this of appeal wide theby blank below filled or similar one Herbert Mundin. melodious is distincomedy which full.out in {20th Mercy Show Them No guished the magnificent by voice and 5. is letter to The be signed a by scenes of famCentury-Fox): Tense personality of Tibbett, Lawrence a de real the plume,nom the and name ily following anguish a kidnaping, rich varietyaddress of of characterizations the sender to and inclosed be conferences and with men, Federalin sealed a envelope lovely or settings. piece folded of before Never has

regarding ransom payment, movepaper bearing the outside on the Tibbett nom so been thoroughly captivatswiftly relentless into of pursuitde plume. ing the on screen. to missed. be Not

this Since the is a kidnapers. the of Reminiscent are means using we All ( story ages poorto see what kind of shows patrons our outline, in the case capWeyerhauser Mutiny on the Bounty) (M. G.like and whether serving are we them serial is effected ture the through

: great M.) So a of the sea dramawell publishing by Lights and Shadows of the notes. numbers ransom bank that it takes certain qualities. on epic shall Screen it TheOn we appreciate Dir: George Marshall. Cast:if will reply, Everything you that the whether screen offer or not can you

are interested in the prizes. has been piled to overflowing in this Rochelle Hudson, Bruce Cabot,

Cesar Romero, Edward Norris, Warren Hymer. Adults.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, The Three Musketeers (R. K.

50 North Main St., O.-Radio: Robust and colorful meloSalt Lake City, Utah. drama with enough of historical

Editor Lights and Shadows on the Screen: background and of high roenough

five best The movies mentioned in The Improvement Era during the last year it mance to keep in fine balance.

which I have seen are: 1... 2 Dir.: Rowland V. Lee. From

3 4 zzizz:.zizizi:zzzi: the novel by Alexander Dumas. Cast

The best work I have seen done on the screen by any movie actor during the past Walter Abel, Paul Lukas, Margot year was done by the following flv<; actors: 1. 2 Grahame, Heather Angel, Ian Keith,

3 4 Ralph Forbes, Moroni Olson. Family. sZIZZZZZ

The best work done by women actresses was done by: 1. Annie Oakley (R. K. O.-Radio)

Please check 3; 4 5 "IZZ"expertThe romanceshot, whoof flashedthe greatintowomanworld one:

Your page is helpful fame in connection with Buffalo Bill's

Your page is not helpful show. Annie was a notable figure of

Sincerely, her day. She is portrayed with a

(Signed) (Continued on page 783)

WARD TEACHING Ward Teacher's Message, Janv 1936 preachhim to repentance.go among the people and

"The Obligations of Parents"drenthe Lord.'to pray and to walk uprightly before hisJoseph,brethren,who tookwas soldadvantageinto Egyptof hisby

to opportunity to him came which children also should obof Zion "The years the counsel ago andCOME country of the in a knowledge fully serve the of the grow more commandment herein contained advice were pubIsrael, the forgetting ancient to given Lord and people, and not and reiterated

Firstlished the the of Presidency by Saints: the to Latterday thy 'Honor rehis teachings of father—having consisting at of timeChurch, that father that mother; thy and thy days may of for promises the spect God—bePresidents long the F. Smith, the be land Joseph upon which Lord Anthon ruler of Pharaoh. under came Egypt

thee.'thy giveth God Penrose.H. Lund, Charles and W. the preserved Lord was by Moses revelations "These with great applyLater they republished Preswere by into the taken Pharaoh, of and home it force to the Saints, Latterday andidents Grant, Heber Anthony J. W. the of advantage the he is where had required of in fathers this mothers andIvins, these Chas. Nibley. and As W. the instruction of learned of that the these shall Church commandments be men

suggestions apply with equal force taught and applied in their homes. land. The mother of Moses, not betoday they are again published with "If the Saints obey this counsel, we ing known to Pharaoh, was employed

the recommendation that Ward promise that great blessings will result. as a nurse, and with her spirituality

Love to parents obedience and at homeTeachers the throughout urge Church faith fear to taught and him God will increase. in and will Faith developed beparents to the comply with commandin for service prepare his kingdom. the hearts of Israel, the of youth and:ments well to these responded Moses will How they gain to evil the power combat

"We counsel the Latterday Saints to influences and temptations which beset teachings you can see through a observe more closely the commandment them."study of the work he accomplished.

of refer the hisin thus the section the given to Lord of 68th can And we Parents take should occasion every the Doctrine Covenants, and Israel the of tory of prophets to show evening far as inquire as practicable 'to again, as 'And parents inasmuch have in his that given turn opeach was into their children's activities the of in inchildren Zion, of or her Stakes any in his portunity to youth and grow day. should encourage They them are organized, not thatwhich teach them of develop. Savior the world The in tell habits, stategoodto of them the doctrine understand repentance, of

faith in Christ the Son of the living God, ments made or experiences that are was taught in his youth, and through and of baptism and the gift of the Holy faithpromoting and goodhabit formhis annual visits to the temple had people to with the meet laying theGhost of hands by on when ing. in opportunity should encourage They them

eight old, years sin the the heads be principles upon the discuss with them and proper associations. should Theyof the parents: of the Gospel. their with children know whom this shall ''For inthe unto be law a

habitants of Zion, or in any of her Stakes mingle, and what character and Results of Fervent Prayer which are organized; training their associates have. They In this dispensation Joseph Smith,

"'And their children shall be baptized should train their children to avoid whose father belonged to one church for the remission of their sins when eight temptation and to avoid being away and his mother to another, not knowold, lateyears laying the receive of during hours. and on help should They ing to join, having church which and

hands; to them develop courage moral and faith the in of promises the Lord,

shall chiltheir they also teach ''And to the right will power course. choose in prayer, to desiring to went Him

know what he should do. The result

to this should prayer be knownWard Teachers'Message in teacher of Jesus January—The Obligations of Pareveryof the Church ents.

Saints. of Latterday ThroughFor 1936 for Authority. Christ February-—Respect duties the of Smith a summary Joseph for mesthe monthly Observance.CUBJECTS March—Law to us, of teacher given the has been Clean. for April—Be sages of the Ye Teachers Ward as follows:

Tithing. ofthe 1936 year Law been announced have May—The teacher's duty is watch to "The the Sabbath Day."Bishopric. Presiding subtheby The always, with the over church be and

of andjects direct selected to are intended the Word July—SpiritualityJune—"Honor them; strengthen and

attention ofthe of all members there see that is no iniquity application gospel of to theChurch with neither the Wisdom.August—True Happiness. in "Andthe church, hardnessprinciples and Church standards in September—Honesty. each other, neither lying, backbiting,their daily lives. October—"Lead Us Not Into nor evil speaking;

The outlines are prepared as sugTemptation.""And see that the church meet togestions for Ward Teachers and not November—Thrift. gether often, and also see that allas the whole of the subject matter to December—Inventory Time. members do their duty."

be discussed. It is intended that

when Teachers receive the messages The Teacher's Calling Spiritual Growth printed message use the shouldthey the see has well Lord Thus we how is quite evident that from the very references spiritualas the read a guide, early for our provided when ATTbeginning His intended the Lord visiting privilege are given then the throughsuch and of growth. The

prayerful study prepare themselves to children to grow in knowledge and homes of the members should afford go into the homes of the Saints and power, as they grow in stature. To opportunity to express our thoughts,

teach that phase of the Gospel seprovide for this natural growth His to get acquainted with the Church lected for the month. plans were so arranged that each inmembers, and to cooperate with them

It is not intended that the printed dividual would have opportunity to in overcoming evil and building up messages should be left in the homes grow and serve, spiritual growth bethe Church of God in the earth. We

and none are provided for that puring measured only by the individual's cannot gain salvation in ignorance of pose. desire to gain knowledge. divine laws. Priesthood bearers must

The subjects selected and the Enoch was called in his youth and be advancing in knowledge faster months in which they are to be diswas led upon the mount where he than any others in order to properly cussed are as follows: received instruction which qualified fulfil our responsibilities.

NELCHiZEDEii PHIESTHOOE)

Instructions to Presiding things are before us both in the the principles of the Gospel and darkChurch and among the nations of the ness will take the place of light in

Officers in the Melchizedek world. Events are moving rapidly; their souls. They will be bound by

Priesthood the prophecies of the Lord are being the chains of hell.

TTHE Prophet Joseph Smith said by fulfilled.for His coming.PreparationsTheareworldbeing ismadebepublishedThe followingfor the benefitsuggestionsof the Priestwere

the spirit of revelation that "It is coming ripe in iniquity and our labor hood in 1929. They are worthy of

impossibleignorance."-—D.for a andman C.to 131:6.be saved in peoplein tryingis toincreased.carry the Gospel to the careful study at this time.

The meaning of this expression is There are too many of the brethren 1 The Lord in all ages of the world that a man cannot be saved in ignorholding the Priesthood who are, aphas been willing to give instrucance of the saving principles of the parently, indifferent to the dangers tions and guidance to the people

Gospel. That we may not be ignorant which surround us. We fail to comby revelation if they would reof these things the Lord has comprehend the signs of the times because ceive them.

manded us to study the scriptures and of the lack of background which is 2. To Adam was the Gospel taught,

make ourselves familiar with doctrine, given in the sayings of the prophets. and by him his children were inhistory and principle, in the law of The Prophet Joseph Smith has said: structed in a "language which was

the Gospel, in the following words: "Salvation cannot come without revepure and undefiled,"and it was

"Also I give unto you a commandment lation; it is in vain for anyone to the purpose of the Lord that these

that ye shall continue in prayer and fastminister without it. No man is a teachings, with additional instrucing from this time forth. minister of Jesus Christ without being tion, be given from generation to

"And I give unto you a commandment a prophet. No man can be a minister generation that the people might

that you shall teach one another the docof Jesus Christ except he has the walk in the truth.

trine of the kingdom. testimony of Jesus; and this is the 3. It was through transgression and

"Teach ye diligently and my grace shall spirit of prophecy. Whenever salvaapostasy that the knowledge of

thatattend you, instructed be you may tion the been has been administered the people. it has Gospel was lost by

in perfectly in principle, in theory,more 4. by testimony. the neunder Lord has been The Church History of thedoctrine, in the in all the of Gospel, law

things that pertain unto the kingdom of 3:389390. cessity, from time to time, of

God, that are expedient for you to underThe spirit of prophecy is to underrestoring the truth, after its rejecstand; stand what has been given in the past tion by the people.

"Of things both in heaven and in the as well as to receive the personal 5. The Lord has spoken in all disearth, and under the earth; things which testimony in the present day. There pensations through his servants,

are, things things been, whichhave which prophets, records have and is for the the holding no excuse men pass; things shortly tomust come which kept divine been by commandignorant funbeing Priesthood of the at thingsare abroad; the are home, which ment. are records These known doctrines damental Gospel. of the perplexities the nations the of andwars

and the judgments which are on the land; Quorums of Priesthood are organized as scripture. The Bible, the Book

and a knowledge also of countries and of in part for the purpose of imparting of Mormon, the Doctrine and kingdoms."—D. and C. 88:7679. instruction. When this duty is Covenants, and the Pearl of

neglected and a spirit of indifference Great Price, are scripture. These

This is not a matter of option on is shown by men who have been books are the standards in docthe part of those holding the Priestclothed with the Priesthood, the Spirit trine for the Church.

hood, but the Lord has made it manof the Lord withdraws from them 6. In the teaching of the principles

datory, and the field of research has and the knowledge they once had of of the Gospel and the history of been made very broad. Not only are spiritual things is taken away. Inthe Church, the teacher should

we under obligation to study the Gosstead of knowing the things of the both know his subject and be conpel in theory and practice but to kingdom they are left in darkness. verted to its truth.

become familiar with history past Alma has stated this truth in these 7. Without the influence of the Holy

and present including the wars, ruwords Ghost, no teacher is qualified to mors, and perplexities among the teach.

nations. "And therefore, he that will harden his 8. Faith in the principles of the Gosheart, the receiveth portion lesser the same pel the the doctrines of and is first duty, course, to of know Our that the of will harden word; not and he far than are worth Church more it is will of as thethe Lord made his is heart, to greater the given him training. scholastic trainSuch for guidance.manifest our must it is until portion of the unto given word, We

ing, faith without conviction and principles the of the Gospel and until to the mysteries him ofknow know God understand the plan of salvation. "We he know them in full. in these principles, is destructive

must make ourselves familiar with the "And they that will harden their hearts, of faith in the hearts of those dealings of the Almighty in all ages to them is given the lesser portion of the who are taught.

until nothing they concerning 9. word know in Faith in the atonement God, understand, are to the world. of We his mysteries; then taken they are and of in Christ, mission the of Jesus it is writings possible, the as wellas

devil, will captive his led the by and by as prophet a Smith and Joseph are to prophets. ancient theof We is destruction. to what down Now is restorer truth, divine of essenespe- prophecy, of the wordsknow is the of chains meant by hell."—Almathis tial full to the in fellowship cially to time as our apply and they 12:1011.

the present condition of the world. Church.

All of this knowledge will help to Knowledge of the sciences, of art, 10. Every incident bearing on the

fortify us against the evils of our literature or any secular learning, candivinity of Jesus Christ should be day. We are living in perilous times not compensate for the loss of spirsought for in the study of the

which have been predicted by our itual truth. No matter how well eduhistory and doctrine of the

Savior and the ancient prophets. We cated men may be, if they neglect their Church.

have been commanded to study these duties in the Priesthood and refuse 11. Every incident bearing on the

conditions especially in their relationto seek learning of the things of God divine mission of the Prophet ship to the restored Gospel and the by "study and by faith,"they will Joseph Smith should be sought purposes of the Lord as they are become subject to the power of the for in the study of the history about to be fulfilled. Momentous adversary and will fail to comprehend and doctrines of the Church.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

12. Joseph Smith, as a restorer, re14. Some of the prophecies of Joseph As one enters the huge gates

ceived the keys of Smith have been fulfilled. (Exleading to the sacred burial ground,

a. The gathering of Israel. amples: Doc. and Cov. Sec. 87; the first thing to greet the eye is

b. Elijah's Priesthood. 2Nephi 10.) "Old Glory"floating unsullied to

c. Of the Dispensation of Abra15. Students should be encouraged to the breeze. In the center of the

the doctrines of the confirm ham. memorial, stone tract stands a huge facts d. history of dispensations the from and Church Of all

is inoutside of which on the their observance, to the through Fulness of Times. own Adam

(Doc. and Cov. 128:19, 21; faith, and direction by the Spirit scribed: "Greet Them Ever With

Eph. 1:10.) of the Lord. Remember the Grateful Hearts."On the inside

13. The revelation of Joseph Smith Savior said: "If any man will do are several very beautiful tributes,

anticipated the discoveries of his will, he shall know of the docone of which reads: "I will ranscience. (Examples: Doc. and trine, whether it be of God, or som them from the power of the

Cov. 88:3445, and Sec. 89.) whether I speak of myself."grave—I will redeem them from

death."On the inner walls are

tablets bearing the names of America's fallen heroes.4dTAPS"IN FLANDERS'HELD The program concluded with

By O. F. URSENBACH, Liege, Belgium two thousand people standing,

with heads bowed while from the

Five heavily loaded buses, carrydistance, as though coming from battlefield, the bugle corps a Flanders 9 Field ingarrivedaboutattwothehundredcemeteryAmericans,after a "Taps."sounded

By O. P. Ursenbach rapid three hour journey. Missionaries from Paris, Liege,

JN Flanders'Field once poppies Besides the American caravan, Brussels, Charleroi, Saraing, and * grew there were military attaches from Verviers were invited guests, each

Between the crosses row on row, England, France, Italy, Belgium, of whom was treated with courtonight, the place. But here To mark

crosses Strong marble and America, plus a heavy deletesy. Those present were Octave made of

white gation of the Canadian Legion. F., Hannah, and Jocile UrsenMark well the place. There were in all in excess of two bach, Boyd Van Noy, Ray M.

thousand people, mostly from Reeder, E. E. Perry, Donald AnAmerica's Dead, vicinity, all havAylworth, C. and drew, Arthur lie—Waereghem Don our fought whofight—whopeacefuldared Who

to ing gathered pay homage Wheelto Brown, Mae Bean, Max to die,

Ye shall yet feel the glow—the America's dead. wright, and Robert Moyle.

dawn, When, on the resurrection morn Ye shall arise—ye shall return

From Flanders'Field. J

the little Flemish town NEARof Waereghem, on the famed battlefield of Flanders, the American Government has established a rare and beautiful cemetery in which repose the bodies of 368 American soldier heroes who fell in the great war.

It will be remembered that the little town of Waereghem was literally destroyed, but today it is rebuilt and is quite modern.

Sponsored by the American Overseas Association, the observance of 1935 Memorial Day goes into history as an epochal event, especially to the thousands who were privileged to attend. The organization had generously provided

free bus transportation, restricted to American citizens, from Brussels to the Cemetery and return, a distance of about one hundred kiloThis entireTHEfamilyJOHNSONS,except two,PRESCOTT,and one ofARIZONA—ANthose died in infancy,ARIZONAhave MISSIONARYfilled missions FAMILYfor the Church,

meters. and the father, Samuel Johnson, is Branch President.

The everchanging pastoral visAllred FrontJohnson,row,theleftmother;to right:SamuelBernardJ. Johnson,LaVern,the Californiafather, presidentMission, Prescott,SacramentoArizonaDistrict;Branch;CoraJosephMay

Mission. States Fielding, Northern Mission, Mississippi; Ernest States Elbert, Southern tas en route—fields, farms, garDistrict, Mission, States died 1926; Redden, Southern Benjamin Back row: Alabama dens, foliage, and villages presentSouthern States Mission, Florida District; James Gerlad, Southern States Mission, KentuckyRufert District;Melvin,

ed poetic tableaux to surpass the Douglas,Milford Ivan,AustralianEasternMission;StatesElvira,Mission,marriedPennsylvaniaJames M. District;Shumway Verna,who filledCaliforniaa missionMission;in CaliforniaLloyd

rarest imagination. Mission; Samuel Glen, San Diego, California; Cyril, died in infancy.

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD Training for the Priesthood good habits. He should have shown Branch Teaching

willingness to do the things that may of Before his him. part important be asked of of the work name

the presented, be Bishopric should Super-*"*ANthe Priesthood Aaronic is /""YNE localof priesthoodthe importantin anydutiesbranchfor theis visors is the plan provided by the assured that he is prepared to fulfil the assignment, under the direction of

Presiding Bishopric for contacting these requirements. No one should the branch presidency, of a. pair of

eleven year old boys and preparing be ordained to any office who does teachers to visit a certain number of them to receive the Priesthood. It not understand the duties and refamilies, (preferably not more than

becomes the responsibility of the sponsibilities thereof. The Primary eight) of the saints each month, to

Bishopric and the ward Aaronic Association course for boys from encourage them to attend the various

Priesthood Committee to see that eleven to twelve is designed to assist meetings, to present any message and every twelve year old boy is properly in this preparation for the priesthood. instructions from the mission prestrained, prepared and worthy to reClose cooperation is urged between ident, district president and branch

ceive the Priesthood when he bethe supervisor of deacons and the presidency, to urge them to be faithcomes twelve years of age. During leader of the Guide Class in the Priful in the observance of their duties

the period between his eleventh and mary Association, both in providing and to learn of any changes in the twelfth birthdays every boy in the proper instruction and preparing for family or of any conditions needing

Church should be contacted by the the ordination ceremony. It should the attention of the branch presidency.

Supervisor of the Deacons who be understood that although the PriThe faithful performance of this work should encourage his attendance at mary Associations are assisting in the of teaching each month among all the the Primary Association meetings and preparation of young men for ordinafamilies is one of the most effective supplement this work with special tion, the responsibility still rests with means of promoting faith and unity training in preparation for the time the bishopric and supervisors to preand peace among all members.

when the boy will be eligible to repare the candidate for the priesthood If possible, every family should be ceive this great honor. as outlined above. When the bishopvisited once a month. As this imThe Primary Association has reric is satisfied that the candidate is portant duty is part of the duties of

cently issued a very illuminating reprepared to receive, or to be adthe Aaronic Priesthood, every person port giving the number of eleven year vanced in the priesthood, his name holding that priesthood should, as far old L. D. S. Boys in practically all should be submitted to the congregaas practicable, be called to assist in

the stakes of the Church and the tions of the saints for approval."visiting the saints in their homes.

number who have graduated from the In every organized branch the prescourse designed to assist them in preProgram idency of the branch and the acting paring for the Aaronic Priesthood. teachers should meet once a month

This report has been printed and sent rTtHE above mentioned program at such time as will enable the presto all stakes of the Church. * provides that a boy must meet idency to report to the mission presFrom reports received by the Prethe following requirements in order ident immediately after the close of

siding Bishopric it appears that not to be graduated from the Primary the month. This meeting might be

all of the wards of the Church are Association: held in connection with the last weekfollowing the recommended plan with 1. A boy must be twelve years of ly priesthood meeting of the month.

a result that many of these boys who age or over. However, it is desirable to obtain each

have graduated from the Primary at 2. He must have been baptized and week in Priesthood meeting a brief

twelve years of age and who have confirmed a member of the report of progress. This need not

had excellent preparation for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterrequire more than five minutes time.

Priesthood are not properly contacted day Saints. (Exceptions might Branch teacher's monthly report

by Supervisors and consequently are be made in case of nonmembers books will be furnished from the Prenot made Deacons in the Aaronic of the Church who wish to enter siding Bishop's Office on application,

Priesthood. It is urged that each only the scout work.) one for each pair of visiting teachers.

stake and ward Aaronic Priesthood 3. He should know all the Articles At the Branch Teachers'Monthly

Committee give immediate and speof Faith and be able to tell a Report Meeting each pair of teachers cial attention to the plan of close colittle about each in his own words. should hand in the report sheet torn

operation with the Primary Associa- 4. He should know the story of out from the report book. This

tion in receiving these boys as they Aaron from the Bible and the should in the larger branches, pregraduate from the Primary class. Restoration of the Aaronic Priestferably be presented through the preThe plan also provides for the suhood in these latter days. siding teachers. With this sheet

pervisors supplementing the work of 5. He should know what Priesthood should be furnished, also, any other

the Primary Association in preparing means and show reverence and information obtained. For instance,

the boy for ordination. respect for those who hold it. there should be listed the names and

Excerpts from the Primary Survey 6. He should be able to open or close addresses of any families that have

Report are given herewith: 7. aHemeetingshould withknowprayer.something about branchmoved intoor ward,the branchthe namesand offrompersonswhat

Priesthood—Organization,Quoting from the booklet "AaronicDuties, thelivingWordit. of Wisdom and be orremoveddistrict,andbirths,to whatdeaths,branch,and wardmarand Standards,"published by the 8. He should know the names of riages, cases of sickness, distress and

Presiding Bishopric: the authorities of the Church, trouble. If any of the teachers have

"For some months, at least, previous general and in his own stake and any questions or suggestions they to the time when a person is selected ward, and their relationship to should be encouraged to present them.

for ordination to an office in the each other.

Priesthood, the BishopricAaronic and 9. something about know He should Reports

should have suchward supervisors the Tithing and if a wage Law of person in training. He should have earner, he should be a tithe payer. "COR the year beginning September,

shown an appreciation of the priv10. He should be ready to meet the * 1934, and ending September,

ilege. He should have manifested Tenderfoot Requirements to be1935, we received reports from one

faith in the Gospel, and evidenced come a Scout. hundred and two of the stakes in the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

Church. These reports in a conRaft River 15 14 well as the extent of visits made shall

densed form are as follows: Rexburg 134 124 1 be stressed. This, therefore, requires

Rigby 88 76 careful thought on the and attention 2 3 36 29

Total.... part No. boys of presidency. the branch At ac- 4 Roosevelt

of tively followNo. 13 boys Sacramento No. 5 detail meeting each should be some year ing baptized Guide 1 11 Salt 115 Lake 97 2 discussed that to the helpful old of will be Course through STAKE

.... Bernardino San result- D. L. S. Study, Guide in results. best securing teachers the....44 Francisco San in boys work in ing 37

stake Graduation San Juan 33 31.... Such detail should be correlated in

Alberta 59 57 San Luis 29 26 such a way that every phase of branch

Alpine 68 64 Sevier 43 43 teaching shall be considered in its

Bannock 28 24 Sharon 53 48 2 order. Not only members of the

Bear Lake 57 57 Shelley 73 63 3 branch presidency but also various 42 42 1 Snowflake Priestteachers branch River 84 Aaronic and 92Bear.... 61 South Davis 69 53 36Beaver supervisors appointed hood should be "2.... 41 41 Sanpete South 114 100Benson for different meetings to discuss some Sevier South 32 40Big Horn > particular of the phase work... South 58 50 SummitBlackfoot 58 37

Blaine 17 16 i Star Valley 34 34 Among other things to be conSt. 53 47 George i thisBoise sidered 93 are 50 the heading under

1 St. 29 29 Johns 2 110 126Box Elder qualifications teacher branch which a

St. JosephBurley 65 54 such should of as: develop, love 18 "4 Summit 23 71 73Cache fellowmen; the love Gospel; of knowlTaylor 55 55 37 33Carbon of the printo 1 edge Gospel; obedience Teton 43 43 19Cassia 14

ciples; tact; persistence; kindliness; 29 30 Timpanogos 111 120Cottonwood

Curlew 4 1 Tintic 27 14 the importance of being clean—physDeseret 66 59 Tooele 57 52 ically and morally. The teachers

Duchesne Twin Falls 43 21 should seek the guidance of the Holy

East Jordan 99 51 Uintah 89 88 Spirit; pray together as companions

73 53Emery visiting; Union 32 I before 33 be prepared on special

Ensign Ill 90 2 106 Utah 137 President messages of Mission and

Franklin 73 74 learn instrucpresidency; branch 43 39 the Wasatch

Garfield 44 44.... 24 24 tions Wayne of authorities the confine andGranite 159 149 3 106 1HA1UO Weber the discussion topics the to under con132 114Grant 9 112 145 Wells 1 sideration. specushould not They 19Gridley 18 2........ 81 Jordan 57 West late, dissertation nor give a on some 49Gunnison 40....... 32 40 Woodruff

subject, pet discuss people. other nor 2 41 47Hollywood 56 Yellowstone 50

Hyrum 80 75 Young 14 14.... Ideals and principles are the main

Idaho 10 9 Zion Park 41 31 things to present. Make visits short

Idaho Falls 133 112 2 and worth while. Make the visit conJuab 42 39 venient to each family; study each

Juarez Kanab 27 13 Suggestions For Better friendshipfamily and foreacheveryoneindividual;visited;developenKolob 45 42 Branch Teaching deavor to meet each member of the

Lehi 44 45 brief family; invite discussion on the is of teaching branch work TTHELethbridge 35 29 in matters presented; leave a blessing of the duties important one mostLiberty 219 6 176

Logan 108 104 9 in the Church. No other labor reevery home; obtain information of any

Los Angeles 74 50 6 quires greater tact, wisdom, charity, changes in the family; if any dissatisLost River 14 6 enthusiasm and inspiration to secure faction exists, try to remedy the same,

Lyman 16 11 real success. It is important that all if any trouble or distress prevails,

Malad 52 45 who hold the office of a teacher or express proper sympathy, and report

Maricopa 116 106 any higher office in the priesthood to branch presidency in order that

Millard 54 50 should have the training and the labor they may provide means of relief. If

Minidoka 63 49 of an acting teacher. family is not at home, leave card adMoapa vising of visit and inviting them to

Montpelier 37 33 In connection with the weekly promeetings. Seek the welfare of every

28 27Morgan it is gress report, the that important at visits all times. family so Make

15 15Moroni effectiveness of teaching branch interesting as brief the families that and 2 127 80 OgdenML visit. will appreciate return a Keep

Falls.. in (Included Idaho Idaho Falls)No. TO BIG OF PIONEERS HORN MONUMENT visits careful of rerecord and made York BIG BASIN PRIESTHOOD, AAR0NIC ANDNew

Nebo 68 53 HORN STAKE port promptly.

Nevada North Davis 71 67 No. Sanpete 55 55

North Sevier.... 39 32

North Weber.... 31 31

Oahu Oakland Ogden 135 109 Oneida 63 61 Oquirrh 78 67 3 Palmyra 90 84 1 Panguitch Parowan 40 36 1 Pioneer 110 27 5 Pocatello 126 103 7 Portneuf 39 26 MUTUAL M cmaeCCi General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. W. M. I. A.

I. A. Y. M. M.

FOX, ALBERT E. BOWENI. A. SOSALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH RUTHY. W. MAYM.

CANTSTON, GRANT LUCY GEORGE Q. MORRIS

A. BEESLEY, CLARISSA L. FRANKLIN WEST General Offices Y. W. M. I. A.

KIRKHAM, OSCAR A.

Executive Secretary SALT33 BISHOP'SLAKE CITY,BUILDINGUTAH ELSIE HOGAN VANSecretaryNOY,

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

feltheir to specareful heretofore, another to than and one to makeFor the Kingdom of ice their cial let to to fill effort and us help meet strangers days lows; them

Heaven is at Hand with the fine beautiful things life holds. timid, backward people and extendthe

HPHIS inspiring theme of our conThus shall we give them a foretaste to them a hearty greeting.

A ventions this year has touched here and now of the Kingdom of Gleaner Girls these days are thinkthe hearts of many. It has, we trust, Heaven. It is at hand; it is available ing and talking about the Art of Hosbrought renewed encouragement and for all who seek it. pitality and applying it to the home.

hope to our officers and given them But it is not confined to the home or in a new way a vision of our great Welcome the New Members to larger social functions; the true

of hospitality pervade should the build up Churchobjective—to of and Visitors spirit

gatherings Latour religious as well. faith knowlChrist and by increasing

edge in the lives of its members. /'"YNE of the pleasant features inaugter-day Saints above all people are

of to out the reach literal hand of is eager I. Heaven officers a Kingdom That A. ward urated by M.

friendship to brotherhoodis and set all who that the King to be up and certain of of will the appointing members come in glory to preside over that the executive or department groups desire to join them in worship or

Kingdom there can be no doubt. How to receive and welcome the members play.

soon this great event will occur we as they come to the evening meeting.

say, but are assured notmay for cheer we and comgood that This makes Social Events it will should come. This is bring compossible beradeship the best and

fort and hope to each one of us for ginning to the evening's program. TTHERE is a friendly, sociable spirit

ourselves, for the Church, and for the Yet, notwithstanding this thought- A throughout the associations this world. ful provision, occasionally a newyear which is most gratifying. EveryAnd until this blessed time arrives, comer or visitor fails to receive the where reports are coming in of

the Kingdom of Heaven may be with welcoming greeting. Recently we groups getting together for informal

us in spirit if we but will it so. talked with a young girl who said, luncheons, receptions, "teas"or

Through obedience to the laws of the "I am a new member of my ward; parties. (The Mormon "tea"by the

kingdom, through service, through a twice I have been to Mutual and no way is conspicuous for the absence constant seeking for truth and beauty one has spoken a word to me. I shall of that beverage. Can anyone sugand goodness, we may find an inner not go again."We invite all such gest a better name?) We commend

peace that only children of the King not to be rebuffed by seeming inattenthis spirit of sociability and the giving may know. tion, but to go again and again and of these functions but suggest that as

In a very practical way M. I. A. to make themselves acquainted with far as possible they be simple and inofficers may inject this spirit into our the good M. I. A. folks. At the same expensive. They should always be

program. Let us gently and joyously time we urge officers to be even more held on a weekday evening or afterlead our members to be obedient to noon. The M. I. A. slogan of 1914,

Gospel principles; let us point out ANNUALM. I. A. CAPEBANQUETDISTRICTOFOF THESOUTH MOWBRAYAFRICAN "We stand for a sacred Sabbath,"

opportunities for them to render servMISSION AT CAPE TOWN is still our slogan. Let us keep Sun766

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

thought, its effectiveness is increased. two class discussion leaders, one for

day different from the ordinary day. Care should be taken that these the discussion on "Brigham Young,"

It is the Lord's day, primarily for programs do not cover more than and one for discussion on "Reading;"

worship and rest. about twenty minutes so as not to in- a committee of two or more to interfere with department work. crease membership in the Adult class,

call to ones are or have on absent whoDecember Seventeenth enrolled, to misbeen do active and The Missions

ALL officers are asked to keep in sionary work in bringing new mem-* mind the three evenings set aside "KJTORE and more the mission Mubers to class—members or nonmem-

in their every revolving give are excelling one be a and work. Each may Dancing. Drama,activities—Music,for presentation of our recreational tual Improvement Associations bers of our Church. This committee parto Offices of a the chance brings to General the group member passed week 29, hasOne of these, October

ticipate season, reports of during the accomplishon it thebut 17 encouraging two remaining—December

this Missions ments. The European instruction derefusethand 31, should receive immeMarch "He that

diate attention. Make these outyear, more than ever before, are spiseth his own soul."(Prov. 15:32.)

standing events. These are your opcarrying on the regular program unIt behooves the adult members of

portunities to enjoy the fine plays der the same plan as the stakes. Eldthis Church to follow the Prophet's

featured in this year's Drama proer Aaron G. Nelson writes from admonition, to "study and learn, and

gram, the choruses—male, ladies,

it is every hoped ward tongues, languages, books, and withmixed—which Sweden: become acquainted with all good to report "I to you very happy am

theis promoting, or opera, "And (Doctrine Coveand and people"all It that the are to start with ready we

Rained,"the special music feature; M. I. A. work here in the Swedish mission nants 90:15; 93:53); to "seek ye diliand the two lovely M. I. A. Dances. on the 12th of Sept. It is the custom for gently and teach one another words

The latter might be taught on these the M. I. A. to hold their meetings on of wisdom; yea, seek ye out of the

occasions to your entire membership. Thursday evenings instead of Tuesday best books words of wisdom; seek

this evenings, are at causes as they home; learning, also by even and by study

difference. have the two But day we faith."(Doctrine Covenants and feel I things in pretty condition and goodSuggestions For Opening

88:118.) encouraged. muchPrograms very have received the Manuals and "We We have spoken much about the

instructions sent us are very and you social speed order the changing and opening provides an programHTHE bit, for quite thankful the same. Some, a times; discussed of have modern we excellent for the opportunity

is that translated of has so use been of keeping to the of abreast problem to Activity CommitteeCommunity little will people and our be a more now of people hosts the young we whomfunction evening. on Tuesday Under later the of Mission on. members The

colleges; schools to our high send and thisthe the Executives little has Committee read understand can Board and a

responsibility and opportunity of utilEnglish, too, so that will help a lot."we have wondered over our inability

izing the first twenty minutes to the to understand and adjust the problems best possible advantage. This is typical of other missions both and attitudes of youth. It is not imsocial possible changing to make our in States the United and abroad. will wish They to feature—First, for the developopportunity order an enroute to General members, Board activities;the three major and, second,

the activities connected with the culstakes, have visited points in the Caliment of a real culture the like of tural courses in the departments, etc. fornia, Northwestern, Central, and which has never been known in the

In this brief opening period there Northern States. history of the world's civilizations.

is time for one or more of the folIt is not impossible to keep abreast of lowing: the main ideas of our public education. It is not impossible for adults A male, ladies'or mixed chorus, or Adults between and to youth the bridge gap I.singing of the Songs. A. M. are the approaching midseason Tl 7E for fathers mothers maturity, the and "play, (the brief scene v a from A It of will not our work. Mutual their to children for set the standards I.regular plays from or A. one M. of amiss again to be mention some It does the follow and way. show Department).Junior the of objectives main our Adult wealth or take so not money much the demonstration of of one M. A I. are group. A. endeavoring M. We it take truly educated; to does become or the dances, Junior of phase aI. A. live joyously."to "learn In to our effort. high constant a purpose and incourse dancing. particithis active case the involves to to our with youth are work We joint stories or the from more One of of various pation our every member fast all things; hold (and) "prove department. MenGleaner in sessions.M groups our mutual Are 1 is 5:21.) ( Thess. good."which Departthe Speeches from Men all active? M we shut and to our not are minds thatWement. least at organization: your Check of this present souls to our method of Demonstration Art from "The

Hospitality,"from the Gleaner Destudy.

partment. We know that it requires almost

A book review or the reading of a superhuman effort to carry out our poem from the reading group. high purposes because of the many

life. It is good A demonstration or description of demands of our daily

a hobby. to meet together often to bolster up

A review of current events. each other in our search for truth

The order of program may be and therefore we do well to take advaried. Usually a spirited M. I. A. vantage of the many opportunities

song or hymn precedes the prayer; our M. I. A. offers.

or, the meeting may be opened with Have a committee on socials, to prayer, this followed by a chorus, study the social needs of the group reading or dramatic scene, and the and plan such activities as can be congregational hymn or song sung brought to successful completion; to

just before the separation for departmake every member feel at home in ments. When the program is corthe group, and to make each member

related through a continuity of feel acquainted with every other mem767

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

ber; to prepare for special programs, Modern Prose Necessary for the Development of a

the Adult banquet, preparation for Superior Culture."

the Hobby Show; also to prepare for here come Christmas and the Dr. Geddes, author of the text, haslittle informal surprises during regular ANDholidays! pointed out some needs if a comevenings-—a suitable game to close Long evenings under the reading munity is to develop a superior culthe hour's study, a light refreshment lamp for many people, little groups ture. He has pointed out, however,

to celebrate a season of joy (just a around the fire place or stove, good that nothing can be accomplished glass of lemonade or a piece of pie ) books, good magazines, good folk well without the cooperation of the fifteen minutes with our favorite tales told by relatives and friends! people in a community. Have you

jokes. On December 3, if mutuals are on cooperated? Are you really doing

Also have a committee for the enschedule, "The Enjoyment of Modanything to make your community couragement of reading, including a ern Prose"will be discussed in the better?

librarian for the group, who will be Senior class. Then, if the mutuals In many sections of the Church

responsible for the books and papers run according to schedule, there will there are urban communities surcollected by the group. Could not a be no other reading course lesson unrounded by smaller towns and comnucleus for an Adult Class library be til January as our two Tuesday evemunities. Those communities might

made by having members donate some nings fall on Christmas Eve and New well read suggestion No. 4 on page

volumes they have that would be Year's Eve. This class then should 63 and actually do something about

profitable for others in the group to serve as a stimulant for holiday readit. For instance, light, water, gas,

read? Could not some bring their ing in both prose and poetry. We books, magazines, lectures, night

Reader's Digests and their Eras for hope that more books will enter the classes, picture shows, and many use or reference by the group after homes of our people this year via the other things might be made available tree before. cothan ever of Christmas of the proper kind by meansthey have read them? many How highly three operation. recombooks Here are articlesother available? are How

of Forty of the Senior mended: "The Committee Musa GenDays The for a class scrapabout news book

clippings? Remember, "whatever Dagh,"by Franz Werfel, "The eral Board are eager to see this class

principle of intelligence we attain Pumpkin Coach,"by Louis Paul, a this winter bear fruit in the form of unto in this life, it will rise with us delightful story of America; "Jane better communities in which our

in the resurrection. And if a person Addams,"by Winifred Wise, one people may live. They would like

gains more knowledge through his dilof the recent biographies of a great to know of any changes for the better igence and obedience than another, woman; "North to the Orient,"by that may have been made as a result

he will have so much the advantage Ann Morrow Lindbergh, a travel of this work in the Senior Departin the world to come."(Doctrine book that will take the reader to ment. They hope that class members

and Covenants, 130:18, 19.) thrilling adventure; "Will Rogers,"will add to their faith works.

Ambassador of Good Will, Prince of n as as people a are perhaps O'Brien; We and Wisdom, Wit by P. J.

if as there is; othergood group any "Brazilian Peter M McnCIeaner Adventure,"by

could with that goodness, combinewe Fleming, if you wish to visit South The Story As Illustration our study,by a knowledge and culAmerica.

ture as great as some other groups While reading these books, if you ]U[ MENGLEANERS who have have attained, we should indeed be do read them, or any book, use your come along this far in the use of outstanding beacons for a world to pencil and mark those passages which the short story no doubt have at their follow. That is our aim. reveal the author's mastery of words command lists of stories which may

"Reading is to the mind what exercise and his originality in expressing ideas be held in reserve for every occasion.

is to the body. As by the one health is or presenting a picture. They should have.

preserved, strengthened and invigorated, By the way, did you read Adah Six centuries before Christ a man by the other virtue (which is the health Roberts Naylor's brief article in the lived who furnished scores of these of the mind) is kept alive, cherished and November Era: "Books are Masillustrative stories. His name was

confirmed."Addison. ters?"Mrs. Naylor does something Aesop, and his name has been a houseare unless waste paper "Books we spend fine there. miss Don't have hold for it. What generations. His word

action the them."from wisdom we get really that touches read the soul? you stories so have become well known Washington. in—not know? we that May longer to no need do we to live joyously.""Learn them—we merely have to refer tellto Success A Superior Culture them by their titles to make ourselves

understood. still useful as are They the one lesson from manual Bessie,yOUR A. StanleyBy illustrative stories. It intermight be if follow the A in December, you has achieved Success has lived He who esting to get of a Fables Aesop's book will outlined be, "Conditions program, well, often laughed much; and loved who of and review them. some

intelligent the has gained respect of men, In illustrating difis meant what by trust the of love the pure and womanhood in point of view, how many of little children: has lacked never who The Historian six Speaks timesference the story has old the about failed appreciation of earth's or beauty

to express it; who has looked for the best By Claire Stewart Boyer blind men and the elephant been told?

in others and given them the best he had; You will remember it, no doubt. Six

whose life was an inspiration, his memory T WOULD dig gold blind men went to visit the elephant a benediction. * from the mountains of courage and each came away with a different

And scatter the gold dust tale to tell of what an elephant is like on the trails of the weary; because each had touched the beast

Seniors- I would pan gold in the at a different place, and all were right.

streams of faith One said he is like a fan; one that he

Merry Christinas And bring my nuggets to is like a tree; one that he is like a

the doubtful; rope; one that he is like a wall; one

this holijoy at to you come "RAY time. His day peace May be I wouldthe heartsgather ofgoldhumanityfrom thatthat hehe isis likelike aa bar.huge snake; and one

with you and yours and may you find And coin it for future Dr. George H. Brimhall was ever

in Him solace. ages. an adept at bringing into his speeches

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, I <? J 5

she felt little about stories of ed to them conversation howand in Junior/ friends, and daughter's to her illustrated regardeveryday what life which girls in conversational the of then one the difto say.he In showing wished

style, is told of her class December 10th the membersference a between person who grateful enough to pray and one who just how she felt girls should treat "Attuned to Nature"their friends their parents dropis lark not, story of the told the when he '"PHIS in. illustrating in the ped he whatand worm; A chanceevening'sto learnlessonwhileofferswe play.us a the 21, of the night to January to pretending be about sayhad On

going in one direction and actually subject matter is "The Life of the We refer you to the nature games to in the BeeKeepers'found Handthree Party."illustrated should be of another,going in he by A committee

If live of the book. in a part you thetelling be appointed to conduct program. of the a story man who was

walking towards the rear of a moving Let that committee have as many country that is under a blanket of freight train on top of the cars while helpers as are needed; let them plan snow this time of year, pictures of

it was in motion. These stories of table games; let them actually make trees and leaves will have to be

his, as has been suggested before, are introductions. It might be a good used in place of real ones.

to be found in the book, "Long and beginning to the evening's work if We hope everyone has been workShort Range Arrows."the Gleaner teacher would lead in a ing on the assignment made last week.

Expertness in using stories for ilshort discussion of just what the inTwo members of the Junior Comalready thought about it have in mittee responsibility dividual's the known in is, when following: the and submit the company of others, toward maklustration—presentingexplanation of the unknown—comes

will practice. coursewith This not ing the evening a success.

actuallyhelp those do not much parties who that are held on The Dawn Wind These put their teaching into practice and Gleaner night must not incur any At two o'clock in the morning if you thereby get training in the art. expense, and with a little ingenuity will open your window and listen,

on the part of the teacher, a little wise You will hear the feet of the wind that directing, helpful suggesand a few is call sun, to going theGleaners* it tions be, she without can making in rustle trees the the and shadow And

In teaching Leaders: Gleaner ideal too the apparent, a ofHPO example glisten, in trees the the moonlight

true "* the the Hospitality hostess charming Art of every makes who it is night, though dark you deep And test of your leadership will lie in the Gleaner girl in her class feel that she feel that the night is done.

artful way in which you have the is necessary to success of the evening.

girls for subject material the the as matter Inasmuch demonstrate which full strength, the Back comes wind isis this this to learned. the evening Life of During be month "The

like angel's blow song a an With girl in particularly class the the leader should beevery must be Party,"Gently, the but as waking he world careful for entertainto against or guardsearching having one and games shouts lights shining successfully enusurp the could used two be whichment who Sun! Sun!""The The tire life attention.at should the party. Actually Committees and a home light fields floods the the over And spirit the entire of the to plan evening assigned and upbe work may sing, the to begin and buds

if full be at swing, within the only kept to be every conductedgames grass, dies in the the wind And down girl night. participate, thisclass has to a Surely chance and Gleaner on

is It is his done. and day work if not favorite conduct her leader game,every can Gleaner remember own

Kipling.—Rudyatd at least active in the participant at be an someone's eveningone where home

she played a game that made her put games which are played. "The Morning Breaks"that event down as a red letter memTeach the girls by example the

ory. Bring those games to life again. courtesy of expressing gratitude for "The Morning Breaks"—that's

Where Public Libraries are available having a delightful time. Remind what I heard the choir singin'about

there will be found on the bookshelves them that no gracious guest ever once, an'I just got to wonderin'what books of all kinds and descriptions leaves the home of her hostess without made it break. I've often thought I'd

pertaining to parties and functions also acknowledging to the parents of like to go over the mountain where of different kinds. The energetic the hostess that she has appreciated it comes from an'see if there's someGleaner Leader will search these out their kind hospitality. Do not talk body there that breaks it. It don't

and bring them to her class. Let the about things which should be done seem exactly like it would just naturgirls play them as if it were a party in in the Art of Hospitality, but let the ally break itself every day an'never

their own homes. One Gleaner class Gleaner Girls have the benefit of miss.

leader, Miss Margaret Sorenson in practice in doing them. This is the "An'I wonder, too, how it feels

Salt Lake Stake, has watched her best way to give them poise and about breakin'. I heard Sis a sayin'

group of Gleaner Girls grow week by selfconfidence which are two of the when Bob went away as how her week from a membership of 13 to 39. requisites in the charming hostess. heart was a breakin'an'she sure

Sister Sorenson does not stand before wouldn't want to be agoin'through it her group and tell them about the use every morning, I'm thinkin', the way of games in entertainment, nor does she acted over it just that once. Of

she extol the benefits of game playcourse, maybe mornings ain't like ing, but each night she makes assignhearts, but I've noticed that the sky ments, being very careful to use difgets all red just as the breakin'beferent girls each time, fully to prepare gins, an'I wonder if it could be the in activity and demonstration the lifeblood of the morning that's suggested work. floodin'out an'tingin'the whole east.

On the night "When Friends Drop "Say, an'what do you suppose the

In"a committee of this group decided good in all this breakin'is, anyway?

to conduct the affair down in the I get out nigh every morning to see it kitchen of their ward just as if it were break, an'I've just about made up my in one of their own homes. They mind it's mostly done to make the sky

made candy, and pulled it; they had a beautiful for us to look at. The red

little in in, just pinkish if she as comes weremother come an'get first—justan'then they in the redder talktouches she and home,the mother

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

redder an'spread out over the whole May the best of all life's blessings, Just for Christmas we have resolved wide of the sky, an'while they are The warmth of Christmas cheer to be children once more with a doin that, bars of silver an'gold begin Be yours for this glad season Christmas tree, and we want you Beeto sort of shootin'into it till they And throughout the coming year. Hive Girls to dress like toys such as

crowd the red all out an'just melt into Let our religious thought for the clowns, teddy bears, woolly lambs.

one great shinin'glory an'then the month be the story of Jesus. Each Each is to wear a card marked with

sun pops up an'it's day. evening before beginning activities "love from "and the

"I never thought of it before, but or as the girls sit preparing Christmas name. The girls may carry toy fifes,

maybe the morning breaks just to get gifts, let the BeeKeeper or members drums, whistles, mouth organs, combs.

a pretty pathway ready for the day of the group, previously assigned, read The BeeKeepers will dress like little to come in, 'cause I don't suppose or tell scenes from the life of the girls with rag dolls. The toys will

the day would want to come a stumMaster. See especially Matthew, act their parts as stiff mechanical

blin'along in the dark. An'maybe Chapters 2 and 3, and Luke, Chapter toys. Oldfashioned romping games

it likes to have folks know it's just 2. If time permits, stories of His later can be played, such as musical chairs,

about here so when the morning life may also be used. spin the plate. Prizes will be given

breaks it's a sort of introduction for it. Remembering those likely to be for the best characters.

forgotten time at Christmas would tables: the for few suggestions A ain't use there "I guess much

it should Christmas a make more what all cards Place things, are red cardboard but thesewonderin'how albe. forgotten are not ones The it stockings, of containing assortment an help fellowcan he knows a when

the morning's breakin'every day an'ways the poor, but often the lonely gifts cut from magazines. These can

yet he's never seen it bust!"Bertha and those away from home. A kindly be made to create much merriment.

Roberts. gift, a simple card, word, or happy The centerpiece is a fat red stocking

song may cast a vast amount of cheer. of leatherette trimmed with cotton,

Have you ever tried caroling with holly and snow. It is brimming with

Girls? BeeHive your you Did favors, ever small attached to each a ribbonExplorers and for clothing prepare food and a poor the stocking small connected with

family? made Swarm One a warm place cards. and Nursery rhymesScOULSquilt girl lonely blind for a man, each jingles your table a place in may have

don't forget In your menu suckers,Explorer Troop 268 Has whenmakingtheya block.saw himTheycaresswereeach repaidblock. program.animal cookies, Santa.Outstanding Record Another Swarm made Christmas cards

and sent them like fairies with goodVS7ITH music as one of its major wishes to the lonely. Another pro- A Game—On the Christmas Tree:

* * "expeditions,"but with a splenvided a trimmed tree for a needy The articles must be on the tree so did record in all of its activities, Exfamily. See the November Era and it will be easier to guess.

ofplorer 268 Troop Wilford Ward Craft by Hand for Every Woman, 1. John Barleycorn's father. exoutstanding is an Stakein Grant gift Glenn for Christmas J. Beeley,

ample of the Explorer troops of the making. 2. A metal and a word meaning "to

Y. M. M. I. A. This fine group has You will want to get together for vend."

its other Eagles and rankswithin container and frolic a meadow. a during the holidays. See 3. A

its of high rank and conductsScouts title, 4. is a party Era, 1 934. December Here digit. letter a and A the in withaffairs complete harmony suggestion 5. strip French and word mean- A Scouting. of traditions ft abest %

"It's not exactly what you say ing ** good.

past the year 268 Troop During it. you say But how popular drama of several sea- 6. A sessions for the music furnishedhas yet exactly Nor what you play, sons ago.

has Conference, theof I. A. June M. it. But play you how of famous inventor. name a The

selectcontests several andgiven was life is not long 8. And you live. how for "here."synonym 7. A to the to troop as a singing goed it. live But 9. you how old depository. famous A at JubileeSilver WashingJamboree isn't party give what 10. you a measure. A bed and A postton. the was Jamboree When it."But give you its 11. how points. This has

the of large boysponed, number a is This base. something Invitation sent by BeeKeepers to the 12. trip in thejoined Jamboree to New is 13. often This the root of things. Girls: BeeHive favorable brought and muchYork is idea. 14. This a soundpublicity to the Salt Lake Council This might be a telegram. NO. 268, EXPLORER TROOP WILFORD WARD, 15.contingent.

16. GRANITE DISTRICT This is to an aid Raymond Christopher, Eagle walking.

Scout, is conductor of the chorus and every member of the troop sings in the group. There has been no selection

of voices. Nearly a hundred engagements have been filled in the last year.

The group is shown in the picture as it appeared at the M. I. A. June Conference with Dr. George J. Fisher,

Deputy Chief Scout Executive of the

National Council as the guest of honor.

BeeHire GirLr \X7E are sending hearty wishes, v "But we owe so much to you,

For your loyal cheery service smM

That a million more are due.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

Answers: could do—what

only have 1. Popcorn 9. Stocking "few net"sheWhatdo?couldIf heshewould

2. Tinsel 10. Cotton (Continued rom page 733) sense enough to stay at Jolly's

3. 11. Star Candle If but far he wouldn't. that got he the from bedroom A whimper

4. 12. Mistletoe Ball nothing keep back. him would ears. inher sharp caught In an

5. Electric Ribbon 13. Bulb first into the Peeping to bedroom stant she beside Helen's bed. was6. 14. Rain Horn all well, sure be slipped she was little pallor the There a on was7. Bell 15. Wire

8. Present 16. Cane cheeks that even the sickly oil lamp into some overalls and put on a

could in no way account for. In coat. Opening the door she slipFrom the Field sudden panic she set the lamp on ped through and closed it behind

OTHERS'and Daughters'Party a chair and dropped to her knees her. For a moment she pressed

A given by Swandena Swarm of beside the bed. Her accustomed hard against it, struggling to stand.

Guardians of Richards Ward, Graneyes caught the faint fluttering of Then clutching the wall for supite Stake. the pulse in the little throat. She port she felt her way to the corner

Our object was to fill a BeeLine knelt, breath suspended, watching, of the house. As she stepped from

in putting our over Mothers'and its shelter struck, tooth the wind long, minute, long watching—a looking In Party. overDaughters'nail, its cutting and her face with fluttering then the became more in thethe BeeLines found we icicles sharp, blinding driving and regular, easier. the breathing The 22.of BeeLines Home, No. fieldWe ruthlessly them sleeves her up and child presently eyes. opened her girl in toasked each hand a Menu under her coHar. Remembrances "Mama."dinner. fivecoursefor a We selected other such storms paralyzed herthat darling,"bending her head of which be the "Yes, would we thought

cheapest and easiest to serve. to catch the faint sound. reason. Panic leapt suddenly and

her. there, overwhelmed someOut "I Santa dreamed Claus cameMenu: flat that where on moaning was doll brought and with me

Cocktail. Fruit doll. Helen's must She hair. white He was real Jim—and dressed—ina tomato Cream soup—crackers. find him, him, go meet somedo with spangles wings—an'—had cheese Pear and salad—wafers. If thing. she rode Nell she maybe 'em."on loaf, potatoes, gravy, mashed Meat

peas and carrots, rolls, relish, beet "No, no, darling! not with could find him. The stable was

pickles. wings, not with wings."only a little way. Turning she

Chocolate wafer roll. "I didn't hear you, Mama."started toward it. With her coat

the for a canvas short wind made sleep. favors, the boudoir For girls made "Go—to That's—that's distance. of the There fordolls their girl. (a celluloid mothers a good Santa will come with workdoll with crocheted yarn dress and your doll."the stable—was—somewhere—

cap ). Our special guests also reWhen the breathing was normal here.

doll.ceived a were These made of the blackness she to sudthe Out boys'hands went bed. They

the season.during summer To at coat. denly clutched her both fiwere She awake.

tickets the dinnernance sold dance we a terrifying with back scream Santa yet?""Has come Ben jerked girls the furnishedon commission, and

something of about 25c in value. asked, sniffling inquisitively. that muffled out in embarrassment.

In setting the table we had a gold "No, an* he won't if you don't A woman her age, and screaming beehive in the center with blue and go to sleep."over the pasture fence; but, that

brown streamers going to each doll, The youngster buried his head meant she had missed the corral and gold candles. The place cards in the bedclothes. entirely. Holding to the wire for

were made by one of the BeeHive "Ma, is Helen bad?"Joe asked support she tried to think. If she

Girls (a small beehive painted gold anxiously. Susie swallowed hard. couldn't keep her bearings for two

tied each of brown),and on the arm

I yards she what could restless. do "She's get hundred wish you'd girlsdoll. the dinner, served The on the flat? use There was no her."can so you watch my bed girls course.three to each two into The

She must think of somehis out of boy slipped The bed trying. abeekeepers had cooked it. We

thing else. patted floor. and across the cold in the program,short introductory

side room before the dinner was He snuggled in beside Baby but She turned into the face of the served. Musical numbers were furnturned his face toward his sister's storm and with a grim prayer for

ished by the girls, during the dinner. crib. Susie tucked them in. help fought her way step by step

During the past summer all the girls "I'll leave the light,"she whisback up the slope. She hoped she

their badges. 14 earned honorhave pered, "An'if she changes call direction right going in the was

this winter's is completed workWhen me. but wasn't sure of two it. Every girls distinctionthe will of the have

all being Honor Bees. Lenova Fox, Turning the light low she placed or three steps she turned her back

Gladys Gudmundson. BeeKeepers. it on the bureau and tiptoed out. to the wind to ease her breathing.

Distances are greater in a storm but surely the should house be at the A GLANCE near. right she to the Then way at clock showed the small hand

eleven. Would he never come? saw light from an open doorway.

She went to the door and opened it. Dimly it called to her through the

A mad flurry of snowflakes struck madly driving flakes. When she

her face and the wind whistling reached it Joe was standing there, past put her lamp out. It took all whitefaced and."shivering. her strength to close the door. "Is Helen—

She didn't light the lamp but stood "She ain't no worse,"he stamwatching the glow from the stove. mered, teeth chattering with cold.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935 "but I was scared—I heard you go sore. All his new fence posts are feet and legs had long since lost

but she was reaching for in there."all feeling. The wind whippedout—,"the match box. "That's the reason—that open and tore at her shabby coat. Her

"I got an idee;"she cried feverdoor give me an idee."breath, rasping in her throat, rose

ishly. "I got an idee. You stay "It won't burn in this storm."and fell spasmodically.

here an'watch Helen.""Maybe not, but I'm tryin'it. If the storm didn't put the fire

"Whur you goin?"he whim- I'm going crazy doin'nothinY'As out—if Jim wasn't already down

she talked she had lighted the lanif the glow could be seen throughpered. "You can't go out—it'stoo black—-."tern and taken from back of the this storm curtain—if it would burn

oil can. long dear a coal door God, fire enough—oh, if—there goin'set "I'm."to that to after the to the she she me;"door door Pushing "Push backold chicken house—to it "an'breathlessly, told to watch her stood with back and Joe can't. Dad'll "But, be you Ma,

Helen and keep the fire goin'."watched the blaze mount slowly,

She made her way to a small slowly, hesitatingly, and then en- r dilapidated shed where were stored thusiastically. The posts meant

some quaken asp posts cut for Jim's every spare minute for the fencing. It was only a few rods entire summer and fall. Sheep

from the house, but, she rememwould ruin the crop again—it bered, the wind was right. Against couldn't be helped—it didn't matsmall the a pile of shed was ter—nothing for 1H35 the trimmings branches from and cards of former point of light—andmattereda dollexceptwith thatreal seen our If you have

their years you know inside she hair. not, posts. should Groping come her way He now—he values—Ifsurprised."pleasantly will be "you dry; flame is the trimthe while shed quite now, found the must come are now, and ready They

priced to PLEASE YOU mings had sheltered it. its brightest. If he didn't—if the

at your cards these beautiful See soon—

to order It pays convenience. EARLY.earliest snow put the fire out too

it couldn't! It must find him; but AlDED by the faint

Salt Lake Stamp Co. glow from the lantern she gathered things didn't usually turn that way

43 West Bdwy.—Was. 3097 some dry chips and piled them for them. This time the breaks had

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH against the posts. On the chips to be with them. Joe, who had Ln H ll-—M—(I—l|nvItHHH—11—ll—1|—II.—II* she laid sticks of wood. Then come out and was watching with

opening her oil can she saturated his hand in hers writhed under the her pile. After repeated efforts grip of her fingers.

library No L. D. S.

that newis bookcomplete without with matches she got a flare that "Git to bed,"she told him "I'll watch with you."IliilllSI caughtdraft fannedthe oil itsoakedto a blaze.wood. CareThe hoarsely.

iiillillif fully she twisted a dozen posts so Now the wall of the shed was By E. Cecil McGavin, Principal Spanish their one end was in the fire. Over gone. The pile of trimmings were

catching; they were oil. Seminary. Joseph Learn Fork why flung the she more whole burning—no,

joined Freemasonry, was Smith why he putting the the them was snow on dared quickly than she had More later expelled the fraternity, from how secrets Indians the American knew the out. the she Snatching broom flames the place and fire was in Freemasonry, symbols of and and how hope idea of out with a wild rushed originated. retreat. outFreemasonry to Vaguely she had

scholarly courageous a book by It A the away. sweeping snow was its glare uncertain against lined speaks writer. Times York The New

icy, too too the deep. broom this of refutation With book of as the "A waited. she Her and watched

rites of the Latterday that charges fire, stir tried to she the she handle cold, her fingers with were stiff derived are of those FreeSaints from masonry."Price $1.00. tried to pry up half burned posts

Deseret Book Company and branches. She blew lustily as

Salt Lake City, Utah Bf if to fan the embers. The wind

gleefully, maliciously snatched her puny effort and hurdled it into

BE INDEPENDENT nothingnesswith damp finalityacross smotheredthe flat; thenher

No Other Vocation So Profitable I fire.

ENROLL NOW "Ma,"from the doorway.

at the Course For a Complete No answer.

"Ma, you can't do any more. ofQuish School Beauty Culture Come in. Please come in, Ma.

in The Best the West I'm freezing."

304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH She stood, rooted to the spot;

For Further Information the cold creeping up and up over feet, her Call Catalog her limbs through numb "fyfcfe """--.. SSS% and

7560 or Wasatch tired, helpless to her will.

Fill in This "Mother,"the boy was weeping Coupon wildly. "Come on in. Come in

you've done all you can."He

stumbled toward her whimpering with fear at this vision of agonized defeat. Even as he put out his

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

hand to touch her she poised, elec- I left the team to Jolly's, I knew trified. One spring and she was they'd never make it."

fire facingaround the the inky "Did you—why didn't you stayblankness. Then Joe heard it, a there?"

faint, uncertain "hoooo."He "Well,"slowly, "I knowed you'd

rushed inside and dropping by the be waitin'."

fingers fumbling with were Her come."stove—he'ssobbed brokenly, "He's come in flour sack. the frozen knot Loudly, persistently Susie's the illustrated ROADAlso Trave!fMAPS Booklets forth a stamped, package She drewguiding and Hotel cry went Directories tearing through & Camp

the storm. Faintly, persistently, addressed, plastered with labels.

more loudly, more closely the an- "Why, it's—."rniyiThis complete travel service

swer came. Threshing heavily the "Yeh. It's from your Ma. I is yours for the asking!

man emerged from the night. Joe went to the post office the first

opened the door for them. The thing and the parcel wus there, Just write us, telling where and

will to go. when want you I We in tore to a hole one end make dropped exhausted to chair aman

travel servsend complete you doll. sure the about Jolly Mrs.while she of swept the some hard trip ice for in anywhere North

it give in."the to carry sack mecrust his from boots overalls. and of charge and America—free fished in inner pocket an and obligation. He Servthe his bundle No fromJoe took nerveTravel postpaid.

ice elaborate includes road forth dollar. paper a drew "Here'sless fingers laid it gingerly and on Travel

visit, States of all maps you an'give somethin'money; methe table. to yer Susie turned Then best latest with route your and eat. to I ain't bite since I Tiavc'a hadhim. to can "You go bed now."road conditions marked. Hotel 'rave left here."directories, and lowith camp

rates. cation Illustrated and Susie did him. not hear But Her Travel the with Thrilled

historic on scenic and Travt-J booklets eyes devouring the were gorgeouswarmth thankfulness and her of sights. Passport, Conoco with vision she'd the taken packfrom scamperedvoice Joe her to back identification card expense and

bed. When the bedroom door had age. Not in all her dreams had she record. Fishing and sport inclosed the man raised his gaunt visioned anything so beautiful. Her formation sent if requested.

head. voice thickened with throaty sobs. A service of Continental Oil

Company. Write now to "I smelled the smoke even 'fore "Fer onct;"she whispered brok-

I saw the light. I wusn't fur away enly, "she can have jest what she

but guess I'd been goin'in circles. wants. Fer onct!"CONOCO TRAVEL BUREAU

DEPT. 50 DENVER, COLORADO

expanse?"There is no satisfactoryA Scientist Looks answer.

the infinitely smallat the Mysteries Contemplate the and elecatoms world among Enjoy it Again {Continued from page 727) that will discover trons and you than to believe in a God, which each atom is a tiny universe, conIn Snapshots... Let

a nucleus whichbelief I explain. cannot Such a taining has been Us Make the Prints complicated a very found to havebelief in intellectually God was

snapshots enable Kodak to enjoy you rothe nucleus Aboutmuch easier when little was known structure. today's again good times tomorrow like electrons to 100 tate from 1 universe. this physicalabout years tomorrow. from and Have

planets revolving around the sun. Kodak along, with plenty of Kodak Veriyour

TTHE facts of astronomy, and I The distance to the electrons comchrome Film, on all your weekend and have had sufficient contact with pared to the diameter of the nuvacation trips.

them to convince me without a cleus is about the same as the disdoubt that they are real, tell us tance to the planets compared with WE'RE HERE TO SERVE YOU that the distances to the planets are hundreds of millions of miles, al-—with complete stocks of the latest

though light comes from them in Kodaks... Kodak Film of the size and

just a few minutes. Yet the light type you need... prompt, careful

from the nearest stars take years photothe wayfinishing.we handleYou'llyourlikedeveloping,especially

to reach us, and that from the printing, and enlarging.

farthest stars millions of years and all of these stars belong toour universe! The great nebulae EASTMAN

which we can see lie beyond our universe forming great separate universes, and we are now told there are millions of these separate universes. The mind is just lost KcMin trying to comprehend this fact. STORES

If one is honest in his thinking he 155 South Main Street cannot help but ask the question, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH "Where is God located in this vast

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

the diameter of the sun. Therefore and carries out its function in formthings I have been talking about,

it is appropriate to call each atom ing the matter with which we are namely, Jesus the Man God, Jesus a tiny solar system. Billions of concerned every day. In most the resurrected, and God the

these tiny solar systems can be solids these tiny systems line up in Father of us all, then the step to laid side by side on the top of a a systematic order forming beauthe rest that Mormonism teaches pinhead, and each one has its septiful crystalline structures with is to my mind a simple and logical arate identity and takes its place which you are familiar. One might one.

ask, "Is God located somewhere

Hi f- -*- f - among these tiny worlds where '"PHIS brings me to the second part of subject, namely, my foolish question sound The may life Lehi, for of EWGR/lWimG such order and system prevails?"the purpose man.

it logical to but as seems me just in of great character the Book question as the former His that about last his in giving blessing Mormon, Salt Co. Lake Engraving universes. in the larger place The his son, advice and to Jacob, St. 158 Regent Was. it nature 2475 very immakes of God

Salt that told things other Lake him City, Utah among questions. possible such to answer

are that have they might "Men into easily himself can work One

I joy."to proud be a Mormon am state disturbing of a very mind by

it I realize has brought when or thinking such he whether has

It is this. a statement such as one

in belief has not a However, God.

definite briefest of the most and these cannot because answer we objectives of the statements grand it foolish to questions be would living written. Christian of ever

is Being. there conclude such no

fit in to his seen has wisdom God difficulties, WHA 7 out are there see So we felin faith love of make and God in in believing either or benot in role important play an lowmen lieving in which a God, no matter

I life. fulfilling this of purpose are your is if logical thinking turn we way

tell shall try to not but you why, guide. only our

I intestify that subtle these two there are other Fortunately fluences every enriched day have assistance things that to our come life of of either without and my fails logic us. of these when One

life indeed. them would be empty thatEYES is "love passeth understanding,"spoken of earlier; and the As referred to earlier, Adam was

other is faith in things we cannot placed on earth to earn his bread the sweat of his brow, and this Worth to understand. We understand some by

of the processes that cultivate these purpose applies to all of his desubtle influences, but why they scendants, and is one of the prime should form such an important purposes of life. It is necessary to You?! part of the lives of those who live work and work hard (do not forEye trouble - even blind- I life abundantly is a mystery which get the sweat on the brow to proGod alone understands. Let me vide for food, clothing, and shelter

nessat oidage is caused | emphasize that once one has estabfor yourself and family). Somelished a firm faith in the three times I have heard some of our

largely by the careless 1 good brethren condemn themselves somewhat because they did not treatment you give your drop their everyday work and devote themselves entirely to God's eyes when young. work, thinking that what they do

COME INTO OUR onis God'sSundaywork.is theIfonlyanyworkof youwhichfeel

LOCAL STORE AND j thatdailyway,workrememberyou are infulfillingdoing yourone first commandments, and of the ASK TO SEE APofalsoGod'sone of prime purposes life. PROVED LIGHTING

This new revelation enlarges the

EQUIPMENT. GOOD original command and says that

LAMPS WILL SAVE canin doingget joythisoutourofdailylife insteadwork, weof the apply if we but YOUR EYES. properdrudgery,principles. details of The

how to do this would require anUtah Power S3 i otherprinciplespaper,thatbutenterthe arefundamentallove and faith. These two words, together

Light Co, with the one just discussed, namely, work, when put together lll—QJI—1| 1111 I! J give the proper guide for attaining

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

someto venturing are just be children is good thosethe joy which who was intended for HTO IT at affairs, times, better thaneach of never three words and into us. These are amworld who

were fastened in my mind one bitious to be successful, let me say: Christmas when its mighty Foundnight in such a way that I shall consider well how you will earn er was a child Himself. Dickens.

never forget them. your daily bread. If your job is

It happened some time ago, besuch that faith and love cannot be fore I realized the great import of cultivated, stop and consider, see '*-'! WILL YOU WEAR THIS SUIT

the of if situation lesson taught find the story another cannot I by you $12 to and Moke in a Doy up son. still exthe prodigal the 'in better fulfil I was can which you

this fine allwool send you tailored Let me suit easy Justpecting follow life. for COST. OF rewards FREE my good of purpose my

plan suit friends. the and your show todeeds, rather doting them, on and in up easily. a expeto Make day No $12 still life that see conThus we necessary. canvassing I rience—no great disappointment. ahad had tains the for mysteries Send which human OF COST Samples—FREE received unjusthad censure when for Write today details. FREE ACTUAL of understand. cannot mind Some

"surefire"and getting money SAMPLES I praise, lay expected I had and plans. J. Collin, H. Send in money. no these are involved Progress the fundanight following of the mostawake

facts of mental and doctrines our TailoringSt., Chicago,Co., III.Dept. Z-12S, 500 S. Throopthe incident, the pondering upon

in particular, ChrisChurch and

Itinjustices of world. did not the

in them A belief rich life, thatseem to pay to be good. I even tianityis essentialin general.for a full

for striving the ofdoubted wisdom MAKE MONEY is, fulfilling for of the purposes w//* f Tfome virtues, ofany the Christian even life. belief aronly This can be at or working studio money home EARN isthat simple best honesty the photos in and Learn "Koehnein Method"coloring in faith will rived at In is thisoil. few weeks. beautiful done method by God, and and Workminiatures by

ifpolicy, then these concluded and previous experience demand. needed. make Many

this Noor logical for spare free not thinking easy Inmoney achieved time way. be Send by life livare true is not booklet, then requirements. worth and full"Make Money Home"alone. divine to a seems There be SCHOOL, NATIONAL atART Iting. early the toward 3601 was Illinois Michigan Avenue Chicago,Inc. Dept. 4189

in closing these of purpose some all the the ofhours morning when daily activities of living were quietthings to our understanding and ed when I had reached this pessithus permitting faith to play the CALL OR WRITE mistic state of mind. Then there important role that it does in life.

life holds these Although mysforcibly thesecame words so to me this Ashton Heating sort teries its purposesthat they formed have of a on for man slogan for me since that time. earth are clear and definite andThey are as follows: approach may be summed up in three great & Ventilating Co.

your problems with Love in your words: Love! Work! Faith! 1178 East 21st So. Hy. 1434

heart for those concerned; work; SERVICE FOR ENGINEERING It belief firm that he who is my will givehave faith you that God HEATING ON OR VENTILATING live will principles the implied byample reward.

You cannot expect to get the by these three words will surely greatest joy in this life if in your find purpose in life and experience Distributors for everyday work you are compelled great joy in realizing that he is PAYNE & ROUND OAK FURNACES—WATERLOO REGISTERSto trample upon or injure someone doing well the part planned for him

else to earn bread for yourself and in the great scheme of things.

your family, if you cannot by the nature of your work have love in your heart for those with whom Received So Far This in contact.you say that come You

is a quite very high im295 GaEis Year For Office Help ideal and practical in business! Indeed, it

is, for I am talking of high ideals.

The amount of joy which was intended for you which you actually receive will depend upon how near you can approach the ideal. I can

have considerable sympathy for you who have been entrenched in a certain line of work so long that it is almost impossible to change even though you have found conditions such that it is hard to attain the happy condition in life to which

I have been referring. To such,

let me say, that you can do much POSITIONSNEW CLASSESAVAILABLESTARTINGFOR THOSEIN DECEMBERQUALIFIED to change conditions if you go It Pays to get the Best in Commercial Training:

about it with attitudes I have deComptometer instruction included with other office practice work.

coursesscribed. You will be surprised to in allHENAGERcommercialTrainingsubjects.givesOutof-townthe properstudentsfoundationmay forearna boardsuccessfuland future.—Completeroom. Write for catalog.

find how contagious a "love your Mention "Era."

neighbor as yourself* attitude becomes when exercise in the prac45 HENAGERE. Broadway BUSINESSD. B. Moench, Mgr. GOLLEGEWasatch 2753

tical affairs of life. 'THE SCHOOL WITH A NATIONAL REPUTATION'

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

WILL honor Christmas in my ws a m of buying presents for the school heart, and try to keep it all the imillglll children. Eileen had furnished him

year. Charles Dickens. (Continued from page 729) with a list—so many books, a

couple of pocket knives, bead neckmas. This would give him one full laces, and dolls. He hoped that

Th<T day in Marquard for his business everything he bought wouldn't be and shopping and he would be in poor taste and was quite sure

Erect a memorial for [FREE] back home again on Christmas Eve that it would be. your loved one who

before has gone Genuine Marble and in plenty of time for the school Best$7 to $350. World's

Freight Tombstones. Markers, Memorials,Granite

if party. 1.HE weather observer in cemetery complete Erectedpaid anywhere.

pay guaranteed. savingsdesired. the Do never seen NOT snow35% Bob had real Christpredicted "a cheerfully assured satisfaction by elsewhere. Completemore dazzlingly so covered for AmerWrite Guarantee. of for next the day TODAYour Bond snowstorm"mas

you while Catalog, beautifulica's Monument most pines so beautiful dark in to order early make arose is so Bob It it mountainsbefore—the your mind. FREE.have on

in their of white drapings & GRANITE STATES MARBLE UNITED start. heavy snowstorm a good A FLORIDACO. majestic ONECO,Dept. B 51, then so blue, but or the winter sky from be- a through seen window

he had never before driven through fore an open grate was very dethe canyon when he was in love. lightful. Struggling through one

conIn fact, he had previously in the canyon was an entirely difit of thirty miles merely EXGELGIS BEAUTYSCHOOL sidered matter. ferent

STUDENTS WIN! road to be covered as quickly as By noon he had reached "MarHairdressers At the 1935 Utah Convenpossible. tin's place"about twothirds of the tion, Excelcis students were awarded

for prize the in having winners most in city the good reached home. Martin distance was a man He

events. various details the Get about his time, for care alone. of the lived all arranged in his fifties He who Excelcis training now.

SALT LAKE OGDEN horses, and had his supper. Afterhad never been married and deWashington Main & Broadway & 23rd wards he went "window shopclared that he never wanted to be. 1196 Wasatch Phone 653

Excelcis School Beauty its brightly could fairyland with maintained radio he colored a which < Salt City Lake & Broadway,> Main MAIL COUPON TODAY ping."The entire city was like For company he had two dogs and tinsel lights will off at windows. catalog Please send free shut was trimmed Beauty and and that be on

Culture. The displays were alluring and he more than you could say of a wife.

Name tramped up and down for a couple He was surprisingly well read and

Address of hours trying to decide which Bob had always enjoyed spending gift would be most suitable for the an hour or so with him when he loveliest girl in the world. was passing through the canyon.

At last he saw it in the window He decided to stop now to rest of a jewelry store, a necklace of and feed his horses and get a bite for himself. lunch wind hot The set of design, gold, antique in and For Years 25 flurries of snow blowing been had sparsapphires blue and as the spirit of with has reflected our store

lavishly his in face rather of practical display and he in the CHRISTMAS eyes. back turned kling as her He

gifts. chilled through. first was satisfied. hotel to his The TO FURNISH EVERYTHING to glad genuinely Martin was necklace the in the thing morning THE HOME

of the would be in his possession. see him. He enjoyed occasional

said but needed that he company excitetingling with was Bob HOME ROUND"America'sOAKFinest"RANGE to elbow room too much store. the as he entered He ment HOME DEXTER WASHER couldn't remember having felt extown, even in a town wherelive thein

actly like this even when he was a houses were likely to be half a mile small boy bursting with joyous anapart. GRANITE FURNITURE CO. ticipation for Santa's visit. The The horses were cared for first

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH clerk held the necklace against a and then Bob was invited to a piece of black velvet. It was rich steaming hot dinner. He enjoyed

and glowing but would be even it as only a person can who is chilled have hungry. would Eileen's white and He so around more mill—inM—M II—HI—iin -M—It—the linger while liked to for a It expertly by throat. wrapped was

"IIH - 1""!!—HH*—.11—<l—II—H—-'H——fire storm the growing but soon in holiday warm box and was a gay

safe in Bob's inner pocket. outside made him apprehensive.

In less arose and than an hour he with this momenIn comparison DESERET MORTUARf wraps. on his father's drawing busibegan purchase, his tous

Service Abovd'AII ness seemed very trifling but Bob Martin looked up in surprise.

disposed of it with seemingly good "What's the matter?"he asked.

grace and then turned to the task "Your horses are all right."

-it iiii ii ii it—.ii n—ii ii ii—>i- I

a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

"Sure, I know it,"replied Bob, he had gone more than a mile and treacherous softness. It sent the

"but I must get going."figured that if he could keep up cold into your hands so that they

Martin drew his feet from the the pace nearly this well he would became numb and you were swingoven door where they had been reach home by dark. The Christing arms that tapered off somecomfortably toasting. "You don't mas party would begin at seven where midway down. It attempted

mean to say you're going to drive and he must reach home by that to hide grey forms that slunk on home tonight?"time if it was at all possible.

"Sure I am. I've got to. It's In the next mile the going was >t—h——a*

Christmas Eve and I have all the harder. The snow kept blowing in

presents for the school party."his face, wetting it and making him I "Well, I'm thinking the presents thoroughly uncomfortable. The GRAINS

will have to wait until some other bag on his back grew heavier. He

that think to perhaps heeve. It's drifting and began right now had of COLD his fool life to bring to risk been ayou'll never in the world get your

team through this road today."some kids a few toys. Risk his WHOLESOME p CDC II holewheatUliilAL "Then I'll have to leave my team life! that was silly. There was no

and borrow some snowshoes. need to grow dramatic over it just A DELICIOUS DISH THE

They're depending on me and I because Martin had suggested a ENTIREENJOY FAMILY WILL can't disappoint them."Bob was gun. Of course there were always Western made for western trade.

impatient with the old man. What coyotes about but they had never Your local grocer will supply

was ten miles over the snow combeen known to attack a man, and you.

pared to disappointing those wolves were not numerous through GRAINS OF GOLD CO.

youngsters? What was ten miles here. Salt Lake

compared to not being able to give He began to get chilled and I—

to a girl a necklace with sapphires thought enviously of Martin's cozy, ------ gi———-- --- -—-—-that matched her eyes? warm room. Never mind—there igi

"I've a good notion not to let was warmth at the end of his trip you have any snowshoes,"said too, only another five miles away The Utah High

Martin in a final effort. now. Five miles wasn't so far and School of Beauty "All right then—I'll go without,"he would be out of the canyon forresponded Bob cheerfully. the last two of them. Culture

Martin brought in the snowshoes He struggled on over great drifts 121 SOUTH2ndMAINFloor STREET 1st a Drastic we have completely to December into road the toys put Up was snow. The a flour ofas Bob

9 for Months Reduction a obliterated but now, it to bysack adjusted his back. and only Course, it didn't Beauty Complete$50.00—Investigate

"Well, you've got St. Nick's bag matter. Nothing mattered except right now.

all right,"the old man said, "but that he must go on and on. How WriteMail Thisfor Catalog.Coupon.you could use the sleigh that flies much easier to stop—the snow

through the air to a lot better adlooked soft and warm, but it wasn't. Name vantage. It was cold and cruel. It drove Address

"I could at that,"agreed Bob. at your eyes so that you couldn't City

"I kinda wish you could carry a see. It caught at your feet and We canstudentsprovide outroomof andtownboard to

gun,"suggested Martin thoughttried to draw you deeper into its fully, "but I guess you can't."ii—ii u!——I—m ii ii n——II——h—n—u-u—ii—h——i.. -II llll 11—H""No, I couldn't possibly. But -II——II—it—

right. are animalsI'll be all Wild

just a Salt Lake Qity's Newest Popular Hotelusually afraid of as much man"Yes—usually.as he is of them."I'll tell you

what though,"said Martin. "Youtake this hunting knife. It won't HOTEL

be in your way and you'll feel kind of safer to have it along.""Well, then, I guess I'm ready,"TEMPLE

said Bob, pulling on his heavygloves. "I'll be back in a few days SQUAREfor the team. Thanks a lot—andmerry Christmas!"200 Rooms each with

Martin glanced apprehensively Tile Bath at the drifting snow as Bob went out of the door but called cheer- $1.50 to $4.00

fully, "Goodbye, Sir Galahad, and good luck."Radio Connections for

Every Room iHE first hour Bob made ERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager

rather good time. He was rested Opposite Great Mormon Temple

and warm and tingling with the spirit of adventure. He knew that l||—H—(|—t|IH—n——HI——II—-I If iHI—11*11 i ii ||—1|—1|—1|—||i u—i—H-—II!!—11—II I

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 193b

along through the pines on the side yon. Another two miles to go and cated the toys and she thrust the

of the mountain. it was long since dark. He bag into Santa's hands.

Dusk was falling. If he could couldn't possibly make it. Bert "Here,"she said, "give these

only get out of the canyon before Tanner's farm was a quarter of a out. Just use your judgment as to

dark. He must do it. He summile away. He would stop there whom they go—and the candy andmoned every ounce of energy left if he could get that far—and let nuts are in the rear closet. I'll be

and stumbled blindly on. them take his pack on to the party. back after awhile."

He was almost exhausted when He was almost to their gate After Santa had left she tried to he reached the mouth of the canwhen he heard their sleighbells. cover both Bob's cold hands with

They were driving out. What if her small warm ones. they missed him! They must not. "Why—why did you do it?"she

He couldn't stand that after all he asked tremulously. "You might

had been through. never have come through."NEW

it FOR HEADQUARTERS mattered?"have would "And It shouted. feeble. too was He SAINTS LATTERDAY catch with a in his own asked Bob that could hear one they and No GARMENTS

voice. in falling never would see the him FACTORY FROM TO YOU We Solicit Your Mail Orders snow. He reached the road just "Yes—very much,"she admitlifting his for 88. blue Ladies'the Men's No. eyes to Lt. Wt. and a minute before they into ted, swung.65 Style $ New hastily looking a then and moment 89. it Ladies'Med. No. Men's Wt. and there. and waited horses The

Style 1.10 New again. down stopped before realMr. Tanner 80. 1.35 No. Heavy Double Men's Wt. Back

left later 81. the Style Half hour Old Double No. an Heavy Denny Wt ized why. out and He jumped 1.50 Back—to Peabody's over and came 87. Lt. Styles No. Old Wt. and 85 removing New Bob's snowshoes and party

85. No. GarVery NonRun to of the see had become what of toys, pulled bag the half frozen to ments Guaranteed Not Special——to teacher. Special 1.10 promised She had Rayon Run sleigh. lad into the

84. LaMen's Med. No. and Wt. him. Virginia a with dance Reel dies'Style, Double CombNewLt.

ed Yarn, Extra Fine 85 He stopped at the window and

Specify bust, ordering, your trunk when they reached in. his looked mouth openThen WHEN style, length, old and whether new and the school into they helped Bob if in ladies'. or he stared men's ed and amazement. Postage Pay Weor

Anywhere in the United States. the Peabody house across the There was the teacher and Bob

street Eileen where boarded. big a couch on He—the stiff—sitting

to urged them alone, that leave him MOSE14 SO. MAINLEWISST. the had around his arms and Bob

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH he would be all right as soon as he teacher. She had a new gold chain

Please mention seeing this Ad in this warmed up a to tell around her neck and was looking Magazine little—just Miss Moore that the toys had all misty and starryeyed.

come. He stared at them for a few minHe was pacing the room trying utes and then turned slowly back

to drive some of the ache out of his to the schoolhouse. He guessed he

limbs when Eileen hurried in folwould go and dance with Rosie lowed by Santa Claus. Bob indiMitchell after all. We Admit

footstool. gray stone, Agassiz's An We Are Cranks A Silver Girdle eerie gradually enveloped light had

About Cleanliness {Continued from page 741 the whole area as the forester

This is one of the reasons so neared Agassiz. The pure rock of

many of our customers recjob's a job, and something tells me the mountain had taken on a sickly ommend Arden Milk to their that fellow's taking chances."lemon hue in the shadow of the

friends. black clouds that were swooping

x\S he reached an altiover its brow. Suddenly, the

tude of nearly eleven thousand murky yellow light of the sun was feet, he struck the blazed trail damped. The thunder crashed

marking the highline running east over Brent's head. The lightning

and west. Brent turned and rode struck the peak and glanced off the

into the face of the sun, but he terraced edge with a menacing could see the clouds piling into the snap. Involuntarily Brent hunched

sky. He could do no more than his shoulders and drew in his head

wheedle Rock into a fast walk; the although he had been in these

horse's breath came too hard for mountain storms before. Quickly,

him to lope. Only the remarkable he unlashed his slicker at the back

stamina of the pony kept him of his saddle and got into it. He

going at this pace. Brent passed struck Rock. As the pony jumped

the head of the great ravine; it forward the rain began to fall in

For Home Delivery dropped off to a nauseating depth torrents. A sudden drop in the

Phone Wasatch 80 to one less used to the sight. The temperature sent a cold shiver over

trail laced the edge of the timber him. "Go on, Rock, go on,"he

line, in his running unwilling the hurried of across and out pony ARDEN DAIRY forest. it cleared Finally the to the base of Agassiz the wide woods

to trace the base of a mound of mountain's approachable side.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

Like a weird undertone to the up the otherwise almost vertical crashing of the storm, he heard a face leading to the sharp summit horse whinny and snort, a note of of this stern mountain. And, alpanic in the sound. Again and though it was hours before, he

again, louder and more distinctly, had seen her come this way. He

and so nervous it was pitiful to couldn't give up—the night would

hear. be too terrifying if she were still

Brent crossed a rocky rib in the here.

direction of the sound, and there Then, in the last snowy glimmer fMm&i he saw a mahoganycoated Thorof day, about four times his height oughbred, a white star on her foreabove him and off to the right, he head, stamping and snorting in a saw a snowcovered outline, barely that distinguishable, than but softer distress.frenzy of 9*

about dustless could make. Ask *>4YSyour coal dealer which this new any rock Hand if that I haven't seen Jove, "By

slack. stoker in Cradled he climbed. over hand I'll I'd hat! beforeanimal eat my Lknow that horse anywhere! And the angle of two slabs of stone he BLUE BLAZE COAL CO.!fT yTLAKE

I might have known there's only found Eileen, stiff and blue; her

one person on earth crazy enough hat had tumbled off, the crown was filled his with snow. on He turnedto climb that mountain alone—that

flashlight rock, propping it in a and beastGypsy--Reynolds! That

senses her peril as well as I do!"he raised her eyelids and listened

He tethered Rock; Nitana for her pulse—there was life. He

shied. And then the horses cowbrushed the snow from her, and

ered against the trunk of a tree went to work swiftly and methodlike friends in distress as Brent ically. He was trained for emerhastened toward the mountain. gencies. He held a bottle of aroThe rain turned to hail, hard and matic spirits of ammonia, which he

punishing. But the icy hailstones always carried in his firstaid kit,

softened as he scrambled over the to her nose. He breathed into her

slippery rocks. They were transmouth, pried her teeth open, and

muted into skyscrolls of swirling poured a few drops of brandy beflakes. Darkness gradually crept tween her lips. He slowly flexed

up from the depths below. her arms and massaged her whole

whiff of another After body. his of hands made He amCshis Ljtear.. eyes; they her opened monia she his but calledand "Hello—o—o,"a funnel again. closed tossed muffled.tone crag was The

back the thickened sound of his "And I don't even know your Scatter Sunshine Withvoice as if in derision. "Where in name, Miss—Gypsy—Reynoldsheaven's name is she? If she had Reynolds—Reynolds!"he said inChristmas Greeting Cards

come down that horse wouldn't be sistently. Eileen's eyes opened

again.there!"selection made from "Can you hear me, Miss Rey- A The storm increased to a raging

nolds? Tell me your name!"our beautiful line ofblizzard. Brent's teeth chattered.

Eileen grogrepeated "Name?"a mountaineer heard once hadHe again. then lapsed and intell a gily, been caught he had how

to held her Jrersonai greeting the Brent ammonia interrific Agassiz snowstorm on forced nose and brandy more some cards will put your actual the butthe of July, middle her lips. your "Yes, between

frightful. formexperience His was message Christmas to urged, coax he and began his name,"in spite of coldcontracted with

her circulation again with his sysin theexertion ascending mounover in just the right massaging.

in short, tematic breath cametain. His

cast her blue above The stop. gasps, but he didn'theavy

that in the ghostly even showed upper m waylair, lip to its creepingLike a panther he clung to the rocks and made his lighttrils becameof the flashless pinched.faded; herGradnos- MAIL ORDERS GIVEN

way upward. ually she was restored. And then PROMPT ATTENTION

a deep frown creased her forehead

J.HE light was growing as she felt the pain in her ankle.very dim. Time and again he had "Tell me your name,"he said. Theshouted and called, but no answer "My name? Eileen,"she reDeseret

came to lighten his struggle. The sponded, and then faded out again.

search seemed infinite and hope- "Eileen! Eileen, wake up! I'mless, but his training and manhood going to help you to get down the JNews Press

gave him the sheer courage to permountain,"he said quietly as he 29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City sist. Silently he prayed for help to revived her once more with the

find this girl. He realized he might ammonia. "Pioneer Printers of the West"

have missed her, but he knew he A look of intelligence possessed had followed the only approach her features as consciousness

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

slowly returned. In the yellow "Come,"he said, "we must get accompaniment to their groping

light of the flash, and through the down from here."over the precipitous rocks. Alfalling snow, she saw Brent's fine The crescendo of the storm had though Eileen suffered excruciateyes; not steelgray, but dark and attained its full volume and was ingly, she endured. Brent revived

luminous. "Brent Baring, forest diminishing to a quiet pianissimo. her with the spirits of ammonia

ranger,"strange—."she whispered, "how sheButcrumpled.when EileenThe pressuretried to ofstandher andweaknessa tinyandsip painof watermasteredwhen her.the

boot was unbearable. It was a tortuous ordeal to reach

"What is it? What hurts you?"the base of Agassiz.

voice. mountain, the snow was no longer YOUR TOWN throaty"My ankle,"she gasped in a As they neared the foot of the

He lifted her foot slightly, "Hm, falling, and everything was absohas a sprained!"And he knew that his lutely black with night. But sudproblem was manifoldly increased. denly, the clouds parted in the

He released the pressure a little southern sky. The rift grew wide,

Dealer Selling by loosening the lace. "But,"he and scalloped margins were silversaid, "I can't do anything for your ed from behind. In a welled

UTAH ankle now. We'll have to leave depth, Mars gleamed orangered.

your boot on until we get to your Eileen saw this vision through her

Aberdeen Coal camp; we don't want the ankle to pain. Her emotions quickened.

swell right out of bounds,"he said And then, as the moon floated into kindly, "and you'll need the boot openings of lighted clouds, a feelfor warmth and support."ing of great magnitude embraced

her, like a promise of life after she

VjrOING down was so had been so near death.

difficult, the descent was almost They had a level stretch to cross before they reached the horses;COAL beyond both of them. Brent used

the flashlight to get his bearings. Brent carried her. He had spoken

Strangely enough, not an expresBuy the best by Eileento carrytriedher,to butcarrybothit whenher hehandshad no word of reproach or surprise.

sion from had come in as his, the as well use way requesting were have seemed would Eileen—itof gratitude slid steep. times she so was At

still situation maudlin. Their was holding the masses, rocky down

herself back with her two hands overwhelmingly serious and her feelings went too deep for words. ABERDEEN and her good foot. In places Brent

that knowledge he had saved The dangerous her from down Produced by lifted understanding. her life gave them then, heights, again, with his and A sound assistance her she could make way Independent Coal & "Oooo penetratedhoooo—oooothehoooo,"darkat the ness. only but over huge boulders,

Coke Co. cost of hideous pain. The wet and long and sustained.

L snowy darkness was a treacherous in "It'sa gladDaddy!"but shakenexclaimedvoice. "OoooEileen

r hooo,"she called, but the sound trailed off obliquely in a thin and tremulous slant.

"Oooo hooo,"hollaed Brent.

Putting Eileen down so she could lean against him, he flashed his UTAH light up and down and back and forth, the mountaineer's signal for "all is well."BEET SUGAR Tom answered with his own.

UTAH'S FOREMOST AGRICULTURAL theBrenthorses.had sensedThe answeringthe positioncallof

light helped him ASSET from Tom and the to locate them exactly. His life

Deserves the Support of Every Loyal Utahn in the woods had sensitized him acutely in searching for a landmark in the blackness of a mountain is none night where eyes are as useless as Insist on it from your grocer—There

those of the blind fish of some better stygian cave. It was not surprising

that he could make his way toward "Flavor with sugar and you flavor with the location of the horses, Tom's their verified position. health"light hurried Mr. forward Reynolds

to meet them, "Eileen!"

tm 1 m * "Daddy!"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

He saw by the flashlight that their own tent, but told them they she was being carried, and her could share Slim's and Squint's.

voice revealed her condition. They kept watch with her during

"Dad!"She reached out to him the terrible hours of suspense, but Glade's

in the dark, exhausted, her reserve they couldn't honestly try to allaystrength consumed. "This is her fears. They merely helped to CHOCOLATES

Brent Baring, the forest ranger. pass the time away with an effort Perfect for the

at for conversation. brought meHe came me—he

the Finally mountain! says he the barking of the dogs Holidaysdown He

saw someone up there with his announced the approach. Dadai andOnly mostthe verymodernbest materialsmethods

glasses from his station at Rainsnatched a lantern and rushed from used.

bow, before the storm. I've turned the tent to learn the news. When Large variety of assortment

my ankle; I can't stand."she saw Tom lifting Eileen from to suit every taste.

"Baring!"exclaimed Reynolds, Onesta's back, her knees gave way GLADE CANDY CO.

taking Eileen in his own arms. and she almost sank to the ground. Salt Lake City, Utah

"Morley's told me about you. "She's all right, Mother."Tom

Thank heaven, you got here in seldom called her by that name;

time! How did you know?"it sounded heavenly to Dadai now.

"I didn't know it was your "A sprained ankle, and a frightful daughter; I only knew that someexposure, but Mr. Baring, here,

one was on that mountain alone saw someone on the mountain from and that these peaks were brewing his station at Rainbow Lake and a storm. Old Agassiz hasn't had went after her. He saved her life."

much to do with humans—and "Mr. Baring—another friend!

there are times when even friendly People are so kind out here. I

mountains are dangerous. I thought haven't met many, but how won-

I'd better come over here."derfully good they have all been!

"I wanted to help you, Dad, by Won't you come in?"The tears

getting a lookout from up there."streamed from Dadai's eyes now It costs no mere

she released after that "Let was help your me direct from the tcbuytfcemfar*this, great tension Eileen. she bolting. had endured. more No

certain the have you told mother your"When where me hot drinks She had ready Jewelers and Andguarantee of the

I believe couldyou'd gone hardly fire going. always have a good you known tent was The

it. I thought you'd wait for me to warm and dry. Eileen soaked her Diamond Rinas

climb Agassiz. I made for the ankle in a hot solution of Epsom $25 $50 $100

highline as fast as I could, but it salts. After it had been rubbed

was snowing on the mountain bewith liniment and bound, her father fore I left camp. It was dark behelped her into bed in the sheepPARK Ifore I got over here, but heard fell into wagon, she where an exBOYD* JEWELERS

Ithe horses champing, had and STREET SALT LAKEf/'CITY sleep. hausted Before J66 MAIN she dropped

seen your flashlight. When I off'she at last tried to find words jtcartrno more TohUyfrom Boyd fbrk.

found two horses I knew someone to thank Brent. CREDIT IF DESIRED*

was with you, but I couldn't think "Please,"he said, "I'm a forest past Morley. The next thing is ranger, not a hero."

to home, dear. get you Your my if He stayed in camp that night, will ofmother be out her mind

we keep her in suspense much butthe nextwhenmorning,Eileen openedhe washergoneeyes The Marklonger.""BOYD PARK""Poor Mom! I guess she thinks back to his duties at Rainbow.

I'm as wild as a regular product For two long weeks her advenYour Guarantee of the Old West. She must be turesome spirits were trapped; not

awfully worried."

Eileen tried to sit her horse, but she sickened and almost fell. Her

father put her behind him on Onesta; Nitana followed, nickeringnow and then knowingly. Brent A LITTLE LIGHT

led the way through the forest. A little light on your insurance will undoubtHe knew his way about, even in edly reveal the fact that you are greatly underthe night, but could have Rock insured. Think what it would mean if fire tracked his short the cut without

rider. destroyed your property.

shortstorm had J. HE

ened the day, and beUTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. Dadai was

side herself with fear and anxiety. See our agent in your town

The men had come from the HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

hatchery. She didn't let them pitch

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

a tether's length from camp could she move. She whiled away some

THE NEW withof thehertimefoot byproppedsittingonontheasawedstool

VACUUM CLEANER end of a narrow section of log, with practicing fly casting in a tub of

MOTOR DRIVEN.BRUSH water Slim had arranged especially

Principles All 3 Cleaning: Are Combined In This for the purpose.

Type Cleaner New The successful combination of all three cleaning principles "Look, Jimmie,"she said, "move clean now enables you to tiresome of by easyARMACTIONMACHINE-ACTION instead your rod in a straight line to cast.

Just Phone For A Demonstration In Your Home Make a hinge out of your wrist

Easy Terms—Small Carrying Charge and keep your pole in a vertical

UTAH POWER & LIGHT COMPANY plane.""Huh?"What d'yit mean, verCOMPANY CLEANER VACUUM EUREKA plane?"4764 Salt Lake City, Utah tical Wasatch 177 East Broadway

"See! This way. Move your

rod straight up and down. Get

your action from your shoulder."

The Winter Quarter Opens Jan. 6, 1936 some"Gee!fancyYouinstructions,"must'a beenlaughedreadin'

Slim. "It's practice, not readin'

that counts when you get on the

Opportunity edge of a fishin* hole. Let me show

yu', Jim."knocks once "Just because you saw me with a copy of Field and Stream in my more at your hand is no sign I have been doing reading. Let fancy any show me door I to hold his rod where and Jim how

to press his reel. Now look, Jim,

this is how you move your hand;

wrist—andup and downthison isthea verticalhinge of planeyour As the new quarter opens you will find the entire curriculum of—and this is how you get your

the Five Colleges of the institution yours from which to choose. Send action from your shoulder. Now

for Catalogue. watch my fly strike that floating

leaf.""Aw shucks! Yu got it loaded,"

scoffed Slim.

"Sure I have, but not with a BRIGWOUIIGPROVO, UTAH IHI1Y butterfly. That's a fishing fly, and

I've been practicing accuracy, so there! Now you try,"and she

handed the rod to Jim.

But Eileen's thoughts were often at Rainbow while her wrist made its vertical motion. SHE KNOWS And then came a letter from

( To be Continued) IT WON'T Wayne!

FAIL!!!

"When I use Royal, I know my baking will time. I've for used Royal be successful—every

years says and found it always dependable!"

Mrs. J. M. Studley of Pittsfield, Mass.

Wise words! After all, the cost of baking

powder doesn't amount to much compared to that of other ingredients.

It's wise to safeguard costly materials with a baking powder you know won't fail—dependable Royal.

Practice the economy of using the best. Insist upon Royal Raking

Powder

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1935

swiftly paced to its emphasis. Lights and outcomedyplausibilityand lightbut in

Shadows AdultsDir.: andRayyoungGarnett.people.Cast: George

Raft, Billie Joan Bennett, Burke, Wal- {Continued from page 760) ter Connolly, Ivan Lebedeff.

Kids Three a and (UniQueen simplicity. charming genuineness and

: versal) Again rich the old woman Bill, career of Buffalo here both The has missed the life who joy of and

is in swiftly and Europe, painted and finds the truer satisfaction in old her the Sitting of the episode Bull humor age through her genuine relations with is delightful. evening's entergood A three children of the poor. Excellent tainment. Family. its of kind, delightful with absurdMoonlight on the Prairie ities introduced by Henry Armetta

( Warner Bros. ): Beauty backas a little barber who has got into

ground and rhythmic flow characterize scrapes. Family.

ingredients Frankie of all good The May Robson, Darro, HenryMany homes West.this outof-doors drama of the early Dir.: Edward Ludwig. Cast:

westerners are here highlighted William Benedict, by Armetta,

Burrud, beautiful Charlotte horses, backgrounds, Henry. and are heated singing, Billy Paddy "feel"with of an interesting O'Day (20th Centuryfrontier Fox) days. The impish as Jane Withers, for early an immigrant: is Irish waif, natural and Dir. Lederman. Cast:: D. Ross

Dick Foran, Sheila Manners, George amusing in this story which minglesLESS MONEY E. Stone, Dickie Jones. Family. pathos with laughter and music.

Tomlin's songs: and the FanUniversal) A Pinky

are chon dances the among best of fling of (amusing with "timidHis Nightsoul"hasOutan adventure and selfassertion, and Edthe numbers. Family.

ward Everett Horton has a role just Dir. Lew Seiler. Cast: Jane

madeto-order for his brand of kindly Withers, Pinky Tomlin, Ritz Casino.

humor. Michael Visaroff.

Stormy (Universal): It's a GASa fact. Again num- A large Dir.: Nigh. Cast: William Edbeautiful horse the becomes of leader of ber families have Utah Irene Everett Horton, Hervey, ward a wandering of band wild horses, but costs that gas heat found Robert Rue, Jack La WilMcWade, finds his love for his master human lard Robertson. less forthan they them stronger than the pull of his kind. own for paid other merly It Couldn't (ColumTake Painted She The of Desert Arizona, beaufuels. bia ): An extremely practical extifully photographed, is a fine backis racketeer job the bequeathed for of ground of the charm the love story will to refer be glad We scatterbrained "taming"a Park and life. of the animal Good. Family. families to these you family. Dir.: in Avenue Happened An "It Louis Friedlander. From

your own neighborhood. One Night"kind of comedydrama, novel by Cherrie Wilson. Cast: Noah

Ask them how they like with chief interest centering on situBeery, Jr., Jean Rogers, Fred Kohler,

automatic gas heat for.. ation and dialogue, and personality J. Farrell MacDonald, Raymond Hatcontrasts. Amusing of its type, withton.

Economy Convenience Comfort ANSWER TO THE RED CROSS ROLL CALL Cleanness

That Will Be An Act Worthy Of Christmas

Special discounts and liberal 36month terms on gasfurnaces—andhotair and hotwateran extremely low price on a

conversion burner for yourinstalled—makepresent furnace,it easier$25

than ever to have the advantages of modern gas househeating service.

Come in and talk it over.

MOUNTAIN FUEL MEDICAL IMMORTALS

SUPPLY COMPANY Successfulthe discoveriesprogressof thesein thethreefightmen.againstRoberttuberculosisKoch (left)is madenotedpossibleGermanchieflyresearchby

Wasatch 1300 worker,culosis indiscovered1882. Renethe tubercleTheophilebacillusHyacintheand provedLaennecit was(center)the causeyoungof Frenchtuber36 South State medical genius, invented the stethoscope in 1815. When only 45 he became a

Salt Lake City victim of the disease he did so much to help conquer. Wilhelm Konrad Roentgen

(right) noted German physicist, discovered in 1885 what is probably the most important diagnostic aid in modern medicine—the X-ray.

OfflEAGI An Editor Passes One On earn an.Era subscription to take with them. Many of our

this last year. did people young

writes hand,"the of at issue C. Frank October "The Era "I thrilled magazine; with Improvement Era The am

like "I Steele, your editor Herald, the Lethbtidge new of it its offers material truly us educational pages such is is striking the silver type dress. used and cover The its feeling privileges. today, an throughyesterday, After and tomorrow

interesting Congratulations."change. influence in for great thirtyeight should years our home we

for the words. kind C. Thanks, Frank

it."feel spiritually loss decided a both without and financially

The annual ball netted Twin Falls Stake 100 subscriptions,

An Arizonian Sees Northern Eyes Looking South f 1 1 "Since President Heber J. Grant was at Lee's Ferry cele- A San Fernandoan Has a Reservation

bration honoring pioneers that crossed that mighty river in Dr. J. H. Kienke writes: "We are fond of the Era. The

the only place up and down it for 200 miles that it could be covers are of outstanding beauty ( except February ), and crossed, is something, in my opinion, that will attract the the reading matter is so satisfying and worthwhile.

public to your sister state on the south,"writes Andrew L, "A friend glancing over the July number requests me to

Rogers, formerly of Arizona but now of Salt Lake City.... get one for him. Enclosed find 20c stamps for same. More

"With that road open there will be a highway from Canada power to you and the wonderful magazine you are putting to Mexico running right along through the wonders of the out."

Southwest. Many tourists will go over that road and will Sorry there had to be a reservation, but then an elevenenjoy Bryce, Zion, the Painted Desert and the Grand twelfths note of appreciation is pleasing. We'll make it

Canyon."twelve this year, if we can.

i -t i i i f Era Poetry Pleases Wyoming Writer Grace Kaye Writes From Massachusetts morning, just to fragment of "Good a came my especially your Editors—I much, very the "I like Era Improvement

letter I in inserted Era, again keep and Improvement The Evanston, Funi, fine Wyoming poems."Eugema many

if B., is I E. editor wondering well. T. poetry miss her name I that of verse wish writer a appreciation. "Being voices her

I'd the is from appreciate so her health knowing staff—and techmusical, that poetry published was magazines more

... impaired. not joy. again Improvement The Era a was see, form. in beautiful and thought correct, nically You and

I Fuller's Ethel enjoyed felt poetic contribution Romig and I and, for years groups poetry for I advisor two been have included to be notable writer."with proud so a unshallow, dislike modern, is the I so that suppose, why

-f i i poetry."prose, misnamed cadenced

f y / Era Causes Woman To Burst Into Song

Swedish Missionary Writes From Bakersfield, California, came a letter from Mrs.

Svartensgatan 3. Clover J. Sanders in which she stated that reading the Era

Stockholm, Sweden had caused her also to sing. "I just read a lovely poem,

she, said the although "in never Era,"October "and I have Editor: Dear

in is the result readfollowing the a of poem my life, tc written I wish the in enjoy and Era missionary Sweden a As ing Rest."P. Newton's poem, Grace "At it. 1 print Royal is the care to snapshot, if No. you a submit

Palace of the King used before the government was estab- i 1 -f

I Read a Poem I read a poem the other day;

'Twas just a little thing Down in the corner of the page,

And yet it made me sing.

I cried a little just at first;

'Twas so pathetic yet so clear

That there is peace and joy for us

When we're called and leave friends here.

To the poetry lady (mentioned by Harrison R. Merrill)

ROYAL PALACE OF THE KING EARLY SUMMER, VASTERAS, whose criticism I value:

BUILT IN THE 16TH CENTURY SWEDEN

Photos by Harvey Dahl. Your worthy comment came to me,

And though my harp is broken lished in Stockholm. It was built in the sixteenth century in I'll sing a vocal melody

Kalmar, Sweden; No. 2 is early summer in Vasteras, Sweden. For those [rank words you've spoken

The photographs were taken by the writer. And should an oil well ever spill

Truly yours, For me, its wondrous treasure

Harvey A. Dahl. I'll never sell a drop until

measure! YOU get a generous us will write in to foreign lands elders our hope who We

i -f 1 the that foreign spelling of used of careful the and names be various letters, especially if written in long hand, are clear. Would Miss the Era

f i i 1261 Drake Ave.,

Calif. Burlingame, Second Annual Twin Falls Holds Editor: Improvement Era Dear Ball Commencement to the magazine At last I am renewing my subscription

"Again this year the Stake M. I. A. is starting the wards which has become more than just a magazine to me. It is a

out by having our Second Annual Improvement Era Commost vital force in my life now and has been my only conmencement Ball,"writes Mrs. Alice J. Richins, of Twin Falls, tact with the Church and Church activities for the past year.

Idaho. The Stake Presidency, the M. I. A. Stake Boards, I should miss it greatly if I were deprived of it.

and the Stake Era Director are putting this ball on for the May the year's work prove to be successful. I shall miss

purpose of making the Stake Era minded. It also gives many Mrs. Brandley; ever since I met her briefly at a Mutual

nonmembers who always mingle with us in our dances a Conference she has been with me.

chance of earning their Era subscriptions. It also gives many Thank you all for such a grand magazine.

of our young people who are going away to'colleges and Yours truly, universities a last social before leaving, also a chance to Ruth E. Beaver.

onofiMnwx.e

: %mammammmmmim

\ Some Choice Additions for YOUR Library f THE COMMUNITY HIGHROAD TO BETTER THINGS 4.40

This is a study of community life among the Latterday Saints and the application of gospel principles to everyday problems. Its study is highly recommended. This book is

a very valuable volume, replete with vital and interesting information; an asset to every

I library.

I. A. BOOK OF PLAYS $1.50J M.

This book contains for the first time a threeact play in addition to the three oneact plays. ] OPERETTA—"AND IT RAINED"$1.00

I OPERETTA INSTRUCTIONS.35

I REVIEW SKETCHES ',..75

! Contains 12 Road Show Acts; 1 short play; 1 Junior Girls'play.

To the Y. M. M. I. A. To the Y. W. M. I. A.

50 No. Main Street, 40 North Main St.,

Salt Lake City, Utah Salt Lake City, Utah

Please find enclosed $..... Please find enclosed $....

for the items marked x for the items marked

Name Name

Address Address

4ap -13-

Y. M. M. I. A. Publication Y. \V. M. I. A. Publication

PRICE LIST Name PRICE LIST Price

Name Price Adult Manual $.4

M. I. A. Executive Guide $.10 Gleaner Manual.40

Gleaner Pins (large).50

Community Activity Committee Manual 1 Gleaner Pins (small) 25c and.50

Adult Department Manual.40 Gleaner Treasures of Truth Covers.35

M Men Manual and Hand Book.40 Gleaner Picture and Pedigree Charts.05

Log of the Explorer Trail No. 5 25 Junior Manual.40

Log of the Vanguard (Explorer) Trail Nos. Junior Pins.25

Story Covers.15 Junior My

1, 2, 3, and 4, set of 4 special price.25.10 Executive Guide

Scouting in the L. D. S. Church.35 Community Activity Manual.15

M. I. A. Song Book ($2.50 per doz.).25 Y. W. M. I. A. Roll and Record Book 1.75

Y. M. M. I. A. Roll and Record Book 1.75 Roll Cards.02

doz. 2.50 Books—25c each—per

.15 M Men Roll and Record Book.75 SongFirst Aid Book

Individual Class Roll Cards.02 Summer Camp Bulletin.10

Community Activity Manual (1933 edition)-—.25 May Blossoms 1.00

M Men Pin 75c and 1.00 (Book of Poems by Ruth May Fox)

Junior Play Book.35

the Y. M. To the Y. I. A. M. I. A. To W. M.

Street, 50 No. Main

St., Main 40 North

Salt Lake City, Utah Salt Lake City, Utah

Please find enclosed $ Please find enclosed $ for the items marked for the items marked

Name Name

Address J.HEBER GRANT J. GEO. CANNON

Director President & Executive & Dir.

J. JR. CLARK, REUBEN B. C. VicePres.OHLSON AXEL

Dir. VicePres. 1st & Secretary Director &

0.DAVID McKAY E. LEO PENROSE

Dir. VicePres. 2nd & Asst. Secretary

JOS. FIELDING SMITH VIRGIL H. SMITH

Director Asst. Secretary

E. I. RALPHS EARLE W. PEIRCE

Dir. Adjuster Claims and Asst. Treasurer

ORVAL W. ADAMS P. EUGENE WATKINS

Director Sup. Dept. R. E. Loan

L.STEPHEN CHIPMAN M. WALDO ANDERSON

Director Supervisor Agency