/Ilmproucmer especially appreciated in changeable weather

now is the time to enjoy gas heat

it's fast

. gives you any tern*

perature you want

... no need to hurry

home to build a fire

.. just step up to the

thermostat and get

quick 311 ilCcTL and there are no ashes to bother about

Ideal fuel for HOUSE HEATING WATER HEATING COOKING REFRIGERATION

convert your present heating plant to gas it takes only a few hours—

OUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

'*. 4 By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

"\7itamin A has now been synthesized successfully for commerce. Previously the only commercial source of

Vitamin A had been oil from livers of codfish, dogfish and soupfin shark.

rTTHE Arawak Indians of South America, before the time of Columbus, manufactured hollow balls, elastic rings, and enema syringes of rubber.

Ctains on cloth such as those made by iodine, ink, grass, and other substances can be easily removed by means of two waxlike chemical sticks.

An acidic stick is used on the fabric until a clean undercloth shows no more stain. After rinsing, a reducing stick is

applied and the spot disappears. The

chemicals used are based on the polyethylene glycols.

7V new method of putting holes in heavy steel, fires a cartridge slightly larger than.45 caliber to drive a

steel punch through threequarter inch steel rails leaving a clean round hole.

It is used by railroad maintenance crews.

HpHE early developed short and broad

Arctic type ski was usually lined underneath with fur to facilitate climbing and to prevent wet snow from sticking to the ski. The Osterdal type

ski in Norway has skiis of unequal length and sometimes of different breadths.

Preliminaryf studies by A. R. Croft

of the evaporation from snow in the Wasatch mountains found that at an altitude of 8,700 feet at the end of

April and beginning of May the snow was evaporating at the rate of about 1.2 inches of water a month. An

appreciable part of the evaporation is by sublimation where the water goes from snow to water vapor directly without melting.

S\f the radiation given out by the sun it is estimated that only one part in two hundred million is intercepted by the planets; the rest goes out into

space. r\v the 2,200 different makes of cars that have been on the market in the States United are only twentyone

- PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY SALT LAKEbeing today. produced—T

APRIL 1948 193

ihs limp Era rouement 1948 "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH": '::.;:,<-. T r

t I 1 VOLUME 51 -iiimmmmsSi!!!!:::;P ':: iflfSi: JfffM?ierrl:ilP8i*l

:':|jgF:;'i NUMBER 4

jjf- l in

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION,

MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

The Editor's Page The Cover "The Family Hour"George Albert Smith 201 'T'he Latterday Saint Temple at * Laie, Hawaii, is wellnamed by

Church Features many visitors the "Taj Mahal of the

The Book of Mormon as a Mirror of the East Hugh Nibley 202 Pacific,"tending farforin itsfrontbeautifulof the poolimposingex-

A Call to Japan Edward L. Clissold 206 structure reflects not only the beauty

of the temple the but also color high the of Evidences Meaning and Reconciliations: CXXII—What is

the of colors the of the skies and Intelligence? 225 A. Widtsoe John

surrounding luxuriant vegetation. The Church Moves On 231 196 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column The building and was completed Activities Churchwide in Bctures Presiding Bishopric's dedicated 232 27, 1919, Page November by

In the J. Grant.

President Melchrzedek"Prie7thood"""Z L.230 Genealogy 234 partyPresidentthatHeberaccompanied

Grant from the mainland, was the

Special Features widow of George Q. Cannon, who

AllChurch Champions Les Goatcs 205 did so much in opening that area to gospel. will In 1950, Hawaii The Navajo—His Predicament—Part celebrate centennial, for its Church on Quaint Dating Notes Customs—Let'sII TalkSpencerIt OverW. Kimball 210 itthe 12, the was that 1850, December

Mary Brentnall 213 first Latterday Saint missionaries

Spiritual Health Frank S* Wise 215 stepped from the vessel, Imaum of

Something Concerning the Origin of Words Marba C. Josephson 216 Muscat, onto Hawaiian soil. PhotoThe Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 221 graph, courtesy Hawaii Press Bureau.

Exploring the Universe, Franklin On the Bookrack 223

S. Harris, Shall "What Jr We Do To Be 193 Homing:dents Let's Avoid Home Acci"226 May Issue Saved?"—These Times, G. Cook's Corner, Josephine B. 'T'he May issue of The ImproveHomer Durham 195 Nichols 227 *r merit Era will include the adAnd So the Movies! Marba C. Church Publications 254 dresses delivered by the General

Josephson 1 98 Your Page and Ours 256 Authorities at April conference.

Since this complete reporting of the

Editorials speeches requires additional time, the

Many Happy Returns to President George Albert Smith reachingMay Erathewillfield.be a little late in

John A* Widtsoe 224 The Way of Growth Marba C* Josephson 224

Editors ies, Poetry George Albert Smith

Tomorrow's Yesterday. Luacine Clark Fox 209 ManagingJohn A. WidtsoeEditor

Mulek of Zarahemla—Part IV J. N. Washburn 218 Richard L. Evans

Frontispiece: This Beauty, CourtSoldier Comes Home, Nona HanAssistant Managing Editor

ney Cottam 199 sen 2 1 Doyle L. Green

Poetry 200 Page Petterson Editor The Gift, Mary 238 Associate to I Bend the Wind, Deon NetherJosephson Marba C. Prayer, Elaine Ellsworth 249 cott Olson 208 A

General Manager Executive and Editorial Offices: George Q. Morris

50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah Associate Manager

Copyright 1948 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young Lucy G. Cannon

Men's Mutual Improvement Association of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.00 a Business Manager

year, in advance; foreign subscriptions, $2.50 a year, in advance; 20c John D. Giles

single copy. Editorial Associates

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass Elizabeth J. Moffitt

matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

in section 1 103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918. National Advertising Representatives

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, Edward S. Townsend,

but welcomes contributions. San Francisco and Los Angeles

All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return. Dougan and Bolle,

Change of Address: Chicago and New York

Fifteen days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include

address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

address as well as the new one is included.

194 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"What Shall We Do To Be Saved?"

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM structure back onto religious foundaHead of Political Science Department and tions."The alternative to these

Director of the Institute of Government, choices and tasks is that western civilUniversity of Utah ization appears ready to follow the

Sumerians, Hittites, Aztecs, Incas, and "Yjijfhat shall we do to be saved?"otherlivion. forgotten civilizations into obWith this searching question

three, the that suggests Toynbee Of of the author Toynbee, Arnold J.

life religious the task, of grounding on HANDSOME six volumes,monumental of A Study is faith in far the imGod, "by most History, article recent concludes a 9-inch 1 portant."the other are However two written for the York Times. New

if for urgent, declared to be the most question,This distinguished the director of studies at the Royal Institute of we fail in the political and economic GENUINE

International Affairs, tells us, is the tasks, we may lose the chance of central worry and concern of western achieving spiritual rebirth. STAINLESS

civilization. This is not news to requestion, discussing the ligious people, nor to readers "What of this In interest historicalmagazine, of whose the Lessons History?"Are Will—STEEL

sin, has been that SERRATED only from once stated a great Durant salvation—not rePLASTIC-HANDLE Mbut physical also from ligion functions birth swamp, desert, in the of every EDGE/

and social environment, and from man new civilization. Religion is subsehimself. But it is news quently secularized, and, Ideal for UTILITY

Slicingwhen a distinguished edin the end forgotten.

ucator, historian, and Meanwhile, men of great r*>: - 1 Fruits

secular person of renown intellectual power but SLICING Vegetables spiritual places concern nature, of less religious p i '1 '>: '

record on for this and stand out at the gravefuture generations rites to side of the same KNIFE!&.W etc./Cheese

contemplate. civilization. for only U':"1.8';

Competent reviewers It is useful to know and critics that least, have comat Toynbee, r-r civilization Toynbee's ispared Study last at of History thinks western 25t inwith such landmarks as concerned over its thought nature, course, and ultimate destiny. Kapital Spengler's andDas in coin PLUS p ACTUAL by Marx But if Toynbee and

Decline of the West. What does hisDurant are both correct, that the the label from a can of [H SIZE

tory mean? What does the cavalcade modern religious task is "by far the Pabco CinDek "400"p-

of human life across geography in most important,"is it possible or even Enamel.name andMail,address,withto yourGift P*pZ SHOWN

successive generations mean? Marx thinkable to let religion go by default Dept., The Paraffine Com- r HERE/

said, in effect, that the lesson is the while we, even momentarily, turn to panies, Inc., 475 Brannan I

revolutionary victory of the working the tasks of politics and economics? St., San Francisco 19, Calif. I

class, led by communists, in a classless Communism, let us remember, is an Offerexpiresjune30,1948! %;

society, made so by abundant material atheistic religion, but nonetheless a Attested 79t comforts. Spengler saw in our times, religion. Can a western Christian afRETAIL VALUE!

evidence of decay, of civilization in its ford to be less religious than a comYourscoveringalmostthe unrivaledas a gift forbeautydisdeath throes. The materialism of Marx munist? In this connection it is curious ofPabcocolorCinDekand gloss"400"providedEnamel!by

Spengler's easybrushing CinDek pessimismand give means in the English note some words way to to coverageat least a measure optimism language, of Christian declared given been to have longer... greaterwear. it today...fromand Buy

in Toynbee's classic, but the outcome, by revelation from God on the breastPhonethe PabcoBookdealerClassifiedlistedSection.in the

within the creative power of freemen work of the American frontier of westto influence, is by no means determined. ern civilization, November 1, 1931:

Wherefore, I the Lord, knowing the ca- "VLJhat shall we do to be saved? In lamity which should come upon the inthe popular version Toynbee habitants of the earth, called upon my

divides the problem into three parts; servant Joseph Smith, Jun., and spake unto

politics, economics, and religion. In him from heaven, and gave him commandthe first, politics, we are advised that ments;... That faith also might increase in

the lessons of history indicate the the earth; That mine everlasting covenant

necessity of establishing a "constitumight be established; That the fulness of

gospel might proclaimed the be my bytional cooperative system of world simple the and weak of the ends unto field, In thegovernment."economic world, rulers.8 kings and before and

the choice before us is to "find working PABCO ( varying according tocompromises to be men about shot in Chinese, the Ror "400"CINDEK differentrequirements of times and Indian, Greek, Indonesian, and enterpriseplaces) ENAMEL free and between civil Palestinian wars, the tasks in of Goodsocialism."life of In the the spirit, we politics not wait. do children For ormerchandisingprohibitedonly in U.S.A.Uyourtaxed,state,Voidlicensed,countyif thisrestrictedformor city.of

are advised to "put the secular super2Doctrine and Covenants 1:17, 2123

iSeptember 21, 1947 ( Concluded on page 236

APRIL 1948 195 J5 'MOM,SHALL / \\ic LAwv&eM* mym/sNEw GRATED 7V/M? ONspecial teachers fit their lessons to the I WAS AWFULLY DISBehind the News of the Church

APPOINTED IN THAT needs of the student.

is also colAssociation Primary The Supplies OTHER OF Welfare BRAND to lecting build a with which money in the presidents wardev- "JWTission STYLE GRATED hospital building.

nations of connew astated Europe tinue to draw, as needed, on the well- M. I. A. Recreation

stocked Church welfare storehouses A s part of the Mutual program to provided by the stakes of Zion and improve standards of dances in the more fortunate mission fields. the Church, the general boards have

Just recently President James L. announced "A"standards for the

Barker of the French Mission reguidance of stakes and wards. Alquested assistance, and within three though these standards have been prodays a boxcar loaded with thirty moted generally for some time past,

thousand pounds of welfare supplies special emphasis will be given to these from the Salt Lake region was on its high dance standards at the coming way. June conference.

Then President Alma Sonne of the Two "A"standards have been aniBurm/s/s/iNEW Europeanflour for theMissionsSaints askedin Germany.for wheatInnounced,for the foxonetrot.for Form,the waltz,style,theposture,other

AND IMPROVED dividualsacks werefivefilledand withten crackedpound cottonwheat manner,position, asease,well asgrace,the generalgeneral attitudedance

GRATED TM/t andUtah,wholegrainwheatelevator,flour atwhichthe Kaysville,in turn oftesythewilldancersbe consideredin mannersin givingand eithercour-...AND YOU KNOW I were put into hundred pound burlap award.

TOLD YOU NEVER TO bags, and eighty thousand pounds of Meanwhile, the Mutual ImproveBUY ANY BUT THESE thisSwitzerland,flour wastheonpointits waywhereto distribuGeneva, mentand TimpanogosAssociations ofstakesthe Lehi,in northernAlpine,

QUALITY BRANDS tion will begin to the Saints in GerUtah County, have announced a promany. The wheat was produced on gram costing over four thousand dolChurch Welfare farms and projects lars that will improve their recreation

in Utah and Idaho. center, Mutual Dell, situated ten miles

Church welfare seeds for European up in American Fork Canyon. Built

crops were sent in March to the mistwenty-five years ago, on ground sions as the United States mail opened leased from the United States Forest an air parcel post service. In many Service, it has been constantly imcases, packages of seeds mailed in Salt proved by the three stakes who operLake City arrived at their European ate it jointly. Planned improvements

destination in fortyeight hours. this year include the lining of the main

building with sheet rock, instalation of

Primary Hospital a recording machine and additional

HPhe twentyseventh annual penny play equipment, building of new rest appeal was completed during Febrooms, leveling of the playgrounds, ruary by the officers and teachers of building a baseball diamond and an

CAMP SEA VAN FOOD CO., INC., the Primary Association, when memimproved parking area for cars, and Terminal Island, California

bers of the Church were asked to conpainting the cabins and other strucThere's no substitute for tribute "birthday pennies"for the tures. Steps were taken last fall to

maintenance of the Primary Children's develop the immediate area into a tuna, when you use Hospital in Salt Lake City. winter sports playground.

The hospital of today was organized in the early twenties, under the direction of May Anderson, then first counselor and later general president of the Primary Association. Although

most of the thousands of the less fortunate children who have received help at the hospital are Latterday Saints,

Church membership is not a requirement for admittance. Neither is geographical location, because while most

of the patients are from the intermountain area, patients have come from both the east and the west coasts.

School is provided for the children of the Primary hospital by the Salt

Lake City board of education whose THE CRUMBLED WALL 196 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Relief Society Anniversary '"Phe one hundred sixth anniversary of the organization of the ReliefSociety was marked throughout the MISSIONARIES & TEACHERS

Church in March. Many of the wards

turned the Sunday evening meeting,

March 7, over to the auxiliary, and there a program entitled "Builders for presented. It featuredEternity"was

appropriate music and readings fea- - The turing an historical account of the organization and its proposed memorial Storyteller's Scrapbook building. JUST OFF THE PRESS

During the week of March 17, additional commemorative programs were Another compact pocket held in the meetings of the auxiliary. size edition of stories and

The "Female Relief Society"of the illustrations to give color to talks. 1G0 your pages organizedChurch on Thursday, was by $$00

of the compiler "Minute 17, store in the Prophet's 1842,March in Nauvoo, for Sermons"and "Sunlight and Shadows."By Albert 1

the care of the poor, looking after the L. Zobell, Jr.

needy, assisting to correct morals, and [to] strengthen the virtues of the community- A Reference Classic for

The organization was completed one later the wife, Prophet'sweek when its Those Who Teach The Gospel! selected as Smith, Hale wasEmma

president. At the time of its organization, the society eighteen members. had D. S. Scriptures

the years had in- L membershipIn two creased to 1,275. In the early organization in Nauvoo a committee of sixteen Antion entiresold ediin

each from months.was ward four appointed—four

of Hundreds visit families reguletters fromthen established—to

larly and to seek out suffering and missionariesacclaim its exthose in need, in order that they might cellence as a be relieved. reference.ond editionSecToday the membership of this, the fornow distribuready

oldest auxiliary of the Church, found tion.

wherever there is a ward or branch, is 105,000. 50

Temple Square Wall "Hart of a twentyfoot section of the wall surrounding Temple Square in 4

Salt Lake City, crumbled February 21, and workmen immediately began to replace the damaged portion, located Two Other Missionary Classics just gate, of the north west with new EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS, VOL. I AND VOL. II stucco,bricks a policy which has and

been followed as the old adobes have EVIDENCES GOSPEL

INTERPRETARECON- AND in other years.given way TIONS

CILIATIONS II VOLUME in celebration centennial the For I VOLUME Provides many the repaired, 1947, wall checked, was 334 pages of answers questions probmore painted. and to the Gosabout s e m and pel answered helps 1greatly originally constructed wall was The frankly and of the growth

authoritativein sections. thirty base, three faith. The

ly- A. Dr. John By in built high, 1852, inches begun was A. Dr. John By Widtsoe.

Widtsoe. rock. of Grant, second Jedediah M.

counselor to President Brigham Young, of directed supervision the work. *225 $225

it appropriate was completed,When dedicatory services were held on 15, 1854.August

SPECIAL NOTICE TO FULL TIME MISSIONARIES section above the The elevenfoot base was built of adobe bricks and Write for listing of books and special discount privileges mud. On top of this main wall is a

rock cap section. These sections were

finished in 1857. The sides of the wall 1186BOOKCRAFTSouth Main Salt Lake City 4, Utah

{Concluded on page 217) I APRIL 1948 197...AND SO THE Movies!

Plot and Theme on the ground, while plot is building them into a structure.

Movies are made up of story, X17hen it comes to theme, we ask characters, and the best movies ourselves why we go to a movie, also include plot. Even some and the answer is that we go to be

of the mystery stories, which are entertained. Since this is true, we

supposed to be all plot, are short don't ask too much in the way of on the real substance that makes a message for each movie that we plot accurate. Plot differs from see. There is something that we

story, which is an unwinding of should demand and that is that the events, similar to stringing beads in play add to the sum of good in life.

a necklace. Plot not only tells the This does not mean that everything

events, it also arranges them and in the movie must be sweetness and tells why they happened and what light, for if truth is to come, it someresults they had on the lives and times has to be taught through the thoughts of the characters. Plot bad as well as the good. It is only

indicates the interplay of character is the bad to seem good made Dick Epperson "sitting in"with his new that creates situacharacter upon at least to uncondemned go Leedy Drum Set....

tions to the actions the—orwhen of forward that we must take issue with movies. movie. One recent movie that infun. deal of need a great We careful plotting dicates is My

is Sitting Pretty, such movie Everything for the drummer Girl One for end was planned Tisa. The

laughter. of packed full including was newest finest and the beginning, with which plotted—from laughter good was and And the models of drums and accesthe constant reference to Theodore

sories of all kinds for... Roosevelt, who figured in each succlean. There was much to be comcessive part of the movie. Some mended in this movie, which did a

may have felt that it might have great deal to emphasize wholesome at the same time SCHOOL BANDS been stronger not to introduce the family life—and

actual character to represent Teddy point out some undesirable things and Roosevelt since that seemed a bit that should not be permitted in a out of the ordinary. However, that community.

ORCHESTRAS did not bother this observer too One exceptional movie is Call much since the play was built Northside 777, which is prefaced by

PARADES around his great love for the comthe caption, "This is a true story."

mon people, and anything would The story has the suspense that one in find expect to mystery, a have been possible with that as a would NOVELTY BANDS it is of the strongest and yet one premise.

SYMPHONY struckTherea falsewere noteminorin thingsthe movie,that bepleasmade,for justicejustice thatat thecouldexpensepossiblyof but on the whole it was good and time, energy, money, of the best

ORCHESTRAS would be conducive of building real, that a man can give to assure its sound Americanism. The characters operation. This picture show had a

BUGLE CORPS were true to themselves and true theme; and the story, the plot, the

to the age groups which they repcharacterizations all served to point

DANCE ORCHESTRAS resented, and the plot was also that theme.

one that would hold water. Even If each of the moviegoers would

though part of the plot is farbecome a bit more knowing about fetched, it still is well integrated the product being marketed, we and holds true to itself. probably could speak without blushCall in the store or write for catalogs, Plot and story differ in that ing about the art of movie proprices and terms. the story is like bricks lying around duction.—M. C. /.

No obligation to buy

F/RST Of ALLRELIABILITY tines 4547 aSOUTH t | fl/fjfD STREET MAIN SALT LAKE'TUuaJcCITY 1, UTAH Co-.

**J 198 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -Photograph by Paul Hadley

iSu Lourtneu9 iottlam eawt i do not know just where it may be found j

Though it is in all fragile, filmy things;

In April's newleaf green, the shimmering pink

Of peachbloom petals, floating on windwings;

In russetscent of apple trees in fall,

Tangy with frost, and brightly masking pain

Of falling leaves; high on a fence

Burdened with silverlace vines, jeweled in rain.

Beauty is here, and if you are attuned

To simple, heartborn loveliness, you'll see

Her image in the newturned soil of spring

Across the year, in silhouetted tree.

APRIL 1948 199 SONNET TO APPEAL

By Margaret M. Pritchard

* *I *heypraisepraise the beautiful. All arts they

Are worthy of their praise, I must agree

DREAM HOUSE RAIN MAGIC Thatsymmetry;what they praise has verve; has

By Alma Robison Higbee By C. Cameron Johns Yet inwardly nothing of me obeys

Their art's demand to be admired. "This

Tf I should build a house one day, vase * I I look, I would build it where a birch leans *-"\Jow,reachin a sudden moment, trees can Has seematchless grace,"they say. down,

Where rows of maples point the way The clouds that spurned the land through Its artistry, but deep inside of me

Along the road that leads to town. fevered days. The eyelids of my heart refuse to rise.

1 would plane my window sashes thin, They break like surf upon a rockstrewn beach knotty pine doors smooth and stout,My in swells across celestial bays, My Or move let in of sunshine the washTo My hearteyes reason;is open theyonly recognizeto appeal.the arts;

And keep the winds of winter out. To spray a cooling mist of summer rain Some beauty, but more worth, although it

lacks the seared earth below. barren and UponI build to bridge would a span finds responsive beauty, stilled, life Acknowledged brooks, to long cascade The silver of a stream, pebblyThe hearts. again I in the garden plan wouldAnd glories our past Things tinged with make foothills the flow. vital lave the with And just to arbor hold a dream.An feel us

I trees cut myself, the wouldAnd

I lift attracts. as to In disagreement into face what cleansing the spray. my fenceFor bars, house bridge and and and

is Its to the soothing touch heart ravaged floor roof shelf wall andSo and and grief. is bitter gall The away, washed By stars. to akin windtossed beWould

all burning are sorrows assuaged. And my

WATER OF LIFE WHEN THAT DAY COMES

HAD FORGOTTEN By Pauline Soroka Chadwell By Claire Stewart Boyev I

By Catherine E. Berry

desert within place each oneWhat is four years every day old—and He's awaits T forgotten April's voice had filled

its for Living blossoming,The Water A like in the sound Could music I constant, trying lessons teach; must night, With salted has languished wasteWhat spring's that could bring caravan many a And stairs, left carelessly toys milk Small on spring

delight. Such new, breathtaking green spilled, tradition's of opiates, savorsThat

paint, mittens, quick Lost smudged new tired of weeds thought that mightWhat forgotten things I had many that hands reach yield space, failed eyes Because to see had my shelf, high, forbidden tracked muddy A prejudice, cactus pride matted whatWhat still bless the could beauty That world feet be up, ploughedMight look would if we far so from me. Though you were gone his patience guide What love—what inside

energy.And see what glory God might give the But this sweet awakening now yet, these years, when trust is so And place. Is like forgotten dreams come true; complete,

Flowers can blossom with the help of him. There are so many lovely things Are not the hardest wisdom's heart can see.

If in humility we break the ground To learn again, my dear, with you.

And cultivate with gentleness around, What shall I say to him, when we must

Roses can glow upon a desert's rim. face

APRIL MOMENT That age in which rebellion stirs, misleads?

of today SamariaThe woman that day comes, dear God, give me When for his water as sheAsks kneels to pray! By Sytha Johnson the grace

Of understanding that a mother needs "Crail apple blossoms spill across the sky Until he is a man, show me the way

MAP OF SEASONS * A misty web of lacy filigree To keep the faith he has in me today.

Poignant fleeting fragrance, a shy,

By Pauline Havard Brief, breathless glory, poured out lavishly.

liquid, In the robin's throat hidden bubbling'its unrolls painted year I jhe map the Trembles nascent song of tender * for the learn; seasons heart to Of spring

holdsBeauty WHEN, AS CHILDREN, WE PLAYED is the teacher.And it in herWelap discern AnNostalgic,evanescentgroping,melody,faintlyremote,questioning.

In time the meaning of the weather. By Katherine Fernelius Larsen

The signs that tell us gallant Spring Short transient moment of sweet ecstasy, jaunty, feather emerald tuckWill a in great to hold heart, unquiet one Too then TV dventure start tree twig; the every wingOn its in fragile shattered brevity Soon the next hill; as near as over ** Was its maidentrip onOf fledgling Like ephemeral devised apart: dreams far rainbow's end. as the As the air. of blueAcross ocean of instant aching expectancy Vague

So let wise Beauty's fingertip Flashed unfulfilled across eternity.Point out each object, new and fair; A peeled stick was spirited

Each colored leaf, snowpetaled tree A white charger ridden like wind

In earth's sublime cartography! Over trails where lurked

The nameless threatening dangers.

Stones laid in squares, rectangles, on height—dimension, REQUISITION Took

castle walls Were By Beatrice Lagone Where highborn riders, hardpressed,

Sought sanctuary;

'Kfl'oRE than the flesh has to offer, Plotted new daring conquests, *** More than the flesh demands, Then sallied forth

For a love that is enduring Plumes flying.

(Ask one who understands), * + *

There must be food for the spirit Hours raced like minutes;

Where rrue love has its root, Days, soon years, merged their magic

Out of the soul's omnipotence Into larger patterns...

Blossoms eternal fruit. Thus, we grew.

200 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

44THE FAMILY HOUR"By PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

is a growing tendency in this tion on the principles of the gospel, and on the ethical 3.here

age to live much more rapidly. Instead of problems of life, as well as the duties and obligations

children to parents, the home, the Church, society, thinking seriously of the purposes of life, of the nation. and

many of our young people are devoted to light amusements. "What shall we do tomorAnd this was the promised blessing to

row for fun?""What shall we do the next those who would do what was asked:

day for pleasure?""Let's go here,"and If the Saints obey this counsel, we promise that

"Let's go there."great blessings will result. Love at home and obedience

This is the tendency, and I am wondering to parents will increase. Faith will be developed in

if, as the guardians of our children, we are the hearts of the youth of Israel, and they will gain the evil influences and temptations power to combat as prudent and careful as we should be in beset them. which

safeguarding and in encouraging them to engage in more important pursuits. These principles and promises are still beOur children are the most precious gift fore us.

that our Father bestows upon us. If we can I quote now from the "objectives"set forth

guide their feet in the pathway of salvation, for "The Family Hour"in a recently pubthere will be joy eternal for us and for them; lished pamphlet by a committee of the

but, if, by reason of following after the Church:

fashions of the world, or, as the Prophet preTo unify the family and enhance ennobling family dicted, it should happen in our day that our relationships.

children should be lovers of pleasure more To stimulate the teaching of the gospel, thereby than lovers of God, it will be a sad time for strengthening testimonies of individual members.

us, because those who pursue pleasure in To strengthen the moral and cultural influence in this life to excess are likely to forsake the selfexpression.the home, and give the children an opportunity for

ways of the Lord. To encourage family participation in wholesome

One way in which we can keep them closer recreation. It has been said that "the family which

to us is for us to meet together oftener in our plays together stays together."

homes. The Church has asked that there be To give an opportunity for any desired discussion

of family business affairs, and to point out the responset aside at least one home night each week sibilities of each member in the family organization for all the family to meet together and to to the whole.

enjoy each other's company, to enjoy the To increase the joy of living with each other.

simple pleasures of the family fireside, and the same pamphlet I quote these And from'to discuss with each other those things which 'further 'Guideposts'are of great and lasting worth.

Many years ago this custom was advocated The Family Hour should be made such an occasion that every the of will family member look to forward in First of the the Presidency Church by it interest with anticipation. and inthought, The In then Evening."what was called "Home

spirit genuity, that parents and to bring Family The 1915 the First Presidency wrote of this to Hour will determine, in large measure, the benefits, "presidents of stakes, bishops, and parents in joys, and influence which these occasions will have on

Zion,"and I quote from what they then said: the lives of their children.

The nature of The Family Hour should be that of a

We advise and urge the inauguration of a "Home happy, natural family gathering, characterized by

Evening"throughout the Church, at which time fathers wholesome, profitable activities, generously sprinkled and mothers may gather their boys and girls about with fun and laughter. It need not be a formal regithem in the home, and teach them the word of the mented meeting, as this is unnatural to most families.

Lord.... This "Home Evening"should be devoted Families should meet regularly at an hour most conto prayer, singing hymns, songs, instrumental music, venient to them and best suited to the activities

Scripture reading, family topics, and specific instrucplanned.... {Concluded on page 248)

APRIL 1948 201 sifiv|HE AVERAGE MAN,"Wrote the great A. E. Housman, "beJke Islieves that the text of ancient

authors is generally sound, not because he has acquainted himself

With the elements of the problem,but because he would feel uncomBOOK OF fortable if he did not believe it."

The Book of Mormon has enjoyed no such popular support. Indeed,

the "average man"would likenothing better than to see it thorMORMON oughly once exposed and for all; as a mirror of the East him feel uncomfortableit has made

for over a century. What is holding

up the show?

For one thing, the Book of MorDw J4uak Vlibleu, fh.<=Jj.

mon is immune to attack from the ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION,

West. No matter how much archaeBRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

neoEgyptian language of the World parallels, and after a few

Nephites, by furnishing a list of general observations let the reader their personal and place names, by decide for himself just what sigpretending to describe political connificance should be attributed to flicts originating in the Old World, these parallels.

the author of the Book of Mormon plays right into the hands of modBOOK OF MORMON ern critics. For the Near East of Acting on the recommendation of

600 B.C. is no longer the twilight King Mosiah, who was anxious to

zone of gorgeous mysteries it was avoid a throne controversy, the

Paiankh, son of Kherihor and Chief High Priest of Ammon. The name, in the form Paankhi, is

borne by two rulers of the South, in the first and fourth kings of Dyn. XXV. It is absolutely identical

with the Paanchi of Helaman I, 3.

ological evidence may pile up one Hry 3Ht(w:) jEzntr Hem ip n Imn nsw irbw 3=g

way or the other, the fact remains [ Kheri Ikor (qfftcjGod[ Servant dbief rfAmiaoiiLKng cfiliieGgjbj that the Book of Mormon never claims to be telling the story of The full title of Kherihor before he became king in Thebes. In the Book of Mormon (Alma 30)

all the people who ever lived in the andKorihorpoliticalis sentfunctions,by Ammon,to bewhosetriedofficebeforeof "theHigh highPriestpriestover andthe peoplechief judgeof Ammonof thehasland."importantJust judicialsuch a

enjoyed Kherihor authority general by was combined andwestern hemisphere. Even within

has by in a brother the namein Egyptof Hem.as Chief Servant (Hem) of Amon. The the Book of Mormon Ammonits own limited compass it is, as

Professor Sidney B. Sperry has

shown, for the greater part "a in the days of Joseph Smith. Any people substituted for the kingship

minority report"and does not deal fabrication by him or even his most a system of rule by priestly judges:

with various branches of several learned contemporary would neces-... wise men to be judges, that will

as a today according sarily appear mass of judge to the comthis peoplegroups that from came the Old * mandments of God. 1 accidental in which some in blunders research where ThusWorld.

America may conceivably bring resemblance to truth might be deWe are not told where Mosiah forth a wealth of evidence to suptected once, but hardly twice. got the idea, but the eagerport the Book of Mormon, no findDoes the author or translator of ness and ease with which the peoings can be taken as unequivocal the book display any knowledge ple adopted the system imply that

evidence against it. concerning that part of the world in they were familiar with it.* This is

It is a far different story when which it claims to have had its origin? definitely indicated by the account

our book presumes to invade the That is the question. By way of of one Korihor, who was able to

soil of the East, giving specific answer—a mere opening wedge as gain a great following in the landnames, places, and dates. Here any it were—we shall briefly discuss a by charging "the high priest, and

impostor of the 1 820's would be on few short years in Book of Mormon also the chief judge over the land"dangerous ground indeed. No bethistory, that stormy time during with reviving "ordinances and perter handle could be asked for unwhich the system of rule by judges formances which are laid down by

severe to ancient priests, of those usurp and through some power passed criticismsparing than and rigorous its finally country. the unauthority"over proved 8 That tests which of thethe outright commitments

Book of Mormon on matters Egypdoing. We shall match the storythere was a real danger of reviving

tian. By harping on the peculiar step by step with a number of Old * Numbers refer to bibliography at end of article.

202 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

an ancient priestrule is apparent f from the fact that the new system

Local kings governors andhad no sooner been established than he tendency under Egyptian hegemony first certain to in thea case Nehor, '&rfo". /JSs/Ja&;/(cf.B.M.Shiblom), of T'lrv, of Book #

Aminadab) is tried chief thebe judge, by new (EOTtWW/(cf,BAl.Amu GK*& W&

B-M. Cezoram) (<* (under the Mormon "first introbeing to withcharged

(cf. B.M. Pahoran) MiISo'is) i//PahuTaMXhezi,u to turn names this priestcraft people."duce among

The chief judge on this occasion obup in definite serves that such priestcraft if allimited areas,\0UTH $$Jerusalem lowed by the people "would prove and in close astheir entire destruction."* So we are sociation with

:;.-si:M'.y'jtold that priestcraft had not been each other is a '''#'t-K'-:

practised in the New World, but strong indicathat a tradition of priestcraft was tion that the its ib&&vividly origin remembered; must resemblances

intherefore the be sought Old F2m:.'tt<fe&S5time*3 between theWorld, if we would believe the Old and NewBook of Mormon.

World titles are not acciefe>THE OLD WORLD > dental. mM'M'i the on, eleventh dynasty From

king became tfonheridor

'-..'is priestthe his sonAigh largely of history con- 'iMpawwAA, Egypt

- 'City ". ofAmon becomes Wcount * /v independent 'of Phawoh".:;:V.\ efforts the with of the priestscerned

-'."&rw: \-?%i&3m: H reIflti?nNe&ri Tawi—.Pharaoh

of Amon, with the chief priest of

Amon at their head, to gain control of the country. About 1085 B. C. Jewish city of EIephantinWJft"peneraiuTaanchi,.\."'Lunificationa Southern*,''"-"ofE?*Pjiaraohthe South.was, fiecs to Gibgibunder Nehithe chief priest of Amon actually

seized the throne of the south, and from that time on "the high priest of Amon... could and constantly

did reduce the king to a position of the appearance, beginning with THE OLD WORLD 8 subservience."The name of the Count Nehri, of a separate ruling The chief governor of Egypt was

priestgreat himself crowned who at family patronThebes, under the priest of "the high (or Amon"in or Kherihor. Herihor Thebes was of 8 Nehri's successor 8 age Amon. title 12 his being in EgypAmmon),The cornerstone of the priestly rule by taking the name Sam Tawi, tian nerer hem tep—"chief servant

was a new system of popular law "uniter of the lands,"serves notice (Hem) of the God."18 Hem is an

courts, in which the priests of Amon of a new dynasty."element in Egyptian proper names"

were the judges, and which at first Whether or not Nehi and Nehri and means the same as the excompeted with and then supplanted 7 axe in any way related to the name tremely common Abdi element in the regular courts everywhere. The Nephi (there are other Egyptian western Asiatic names of the time

separatist tendency, which remains names that come nearer) 10 remains (cf. the modern Arabic Afofullah,

characteristic of the priestly history, to be investigated. But no philolo- "servant of God"). It is most inmay have been foreshadowed in the gist will refuse to acknowledge the teresting that the brother of Ammon

uniting of all the south countries possible identity of the Book of in the Book of Mormon actually as a single administrative unit under Mormon Korihor with the Egyptian bears the name of Hem. As for

Nehi, the great governor of the Kherihor, and none may deny, Amon ( or Ammon ), it is the comeighteenth dynasty, as well as in philologist or not, a close resemmonest proper name in the Book blance between Sam and Sam (the of Mormon, and also the commonbrother of Nephi). est and most revered name in the

Egyptian Empire. 18 Here it is time

BOOK OF MORMON topirepointat allout timesthat theduringEgyptianthe laterEmThe socalled "people of Amperiod ( after 930 B. C. ) pretends

nion,"a community noted for its to embrace Palestine and regard d=Iwna leader,piety, tookAmmon,Korihor"whobeforewas theirhigh reverenceJerusalem shownas a thedependent.name of17 AmonThe

priest that people."over Thence slightest indicates the in no way dugijia (amarna) high "carried before the he was the part to concession paganism on i

is less of the no Jews, since Amon their of version the lnJltg(HITO thepriest,land."and alsoThisthehigherchief judgecourt ofin than Egyptian

turn "sent him to the land of Zaraown universal, one, creatorGod, reads Sidon the form of name The Egyptian aphemla... to Alma, the chief judge, the Great Spirit, who is never constrong), (the very sugDjidonah "d"proximately

Giddonah. proper of the namegesting Book Mormon the over all governor was who in animal nor form ceived to be is of in the very Book form commonThe Hebrew 18 of land,"as well as head Burchardt, "Altkanaanaischen (FromMormon. Max first image. the represented any by He

F. Albright, etc.,""VocalizaafterFremdworte, W. church,"(Continued on 204) page Syllabic 67.)tion Orthography,"the Egyptian of

APRIL 1948 203 a

THE BOOR OF MORMON AS A MIRROR OF THE EAST

{Continued from page 203) Puhuru) was in Amarna times an the Egyptian chief priests Panezem, appears about in south2140 B. C. of (rabu) Egyptian governor SyrPakebis, and Panas have no 35 we

ern at Egypt, Thebes, he ia. where parallel, another or same man, but 25 The from Book of Mormon

seems to have been an importation man with the same name was the Nephite list we must not omit from western Asia. Can he be placed by Pharaoh as governor of the name of Pachus, since, though

the God of Abraham? It is signifithe Ube district, with his head- I have not found it in the limited

cant that the name first rises to quarters at Kumedi (cf. the eledocuments at my disposal, it is perprominence in the years following ment Kumen in the Book of Morfectly good Egyptian ( meaning "he

the time of Abraham's sojourn in mon place names ) J"—Amon—is praised"), both eleEgypt, and at a place where the Paanchi is simply the wellknown ments occurring frequently in Egypmost famous Jewish colony in Egypt Egyptian Paiankh (also rendered tian proper names. 86 Another Book

was settled. This colony at ElePianchi, Paankh, etc. ). 27a The first of Mormon judge, Cezoram, has a

phantine may have been very animportant man to bear the name name that suggests that of an cient, since according to Egyptian was none other than the son of the Egyptian governor of a Syrian city:

records it had been the custom of abovementioned Kherihor. He did Chizi-xi (Knudtzon, Am. Taf. 41,

the people of Palestine and Syria not succeed his father on the throne, 2). It should be noted that the

from time immemorial to seek refbeing content with the allpowerful above Panezem upon becoming king uge in Egypt and settle in such office of chief high priest of Amon, took the name of Meviamon, which communities. It is conceded, at any but his son, Panezem did become has a Book of Mormon ring, even

rate, that the colony is a good deal king. 28 In the middle of the eighth if we don't read it Moriamon—

older than the Hebrew records century another Pianhki, a king of perfectly possible variant.

which came from it in the fifth cenNubia, conquered virtually all of Sidon was the official port tury B. C.; possibly it dates from 20 Egypt, and claimed for himself the through which the Jews traded with

the middle of the seventh century. office of high priest of Amon at Egypt. Since Lehi and his people

This would make it old in the time Thebes as well as the title of Pharwere in the mercantile business, it of Lehi and furnish a possible exaoh. 119 His successor, when the Asis not surprising that Sidon is the

planation for the strange tendency syrians invaded Egypt, in the days only Palestinian city besides Jeruof Book of Mormon names to consalem whose name figures promcentrate in Upper Egypt. inently in Book of Mormon

A reflection of the Egyptian picgeography. Moreover, since Sidon

ture may be detected in the coast "Boys, I never had a drop of was the common meeting ground cities of Palestine, regularly under liquor in my whole life, and I don't between Hebrew and Egyptian, and

Egyptian influence, where governwant to begin now/'since names in both languages ocLincoln cur in the Book of Mormon, one ment was also by priests and judges,—Abraham

who occasionally usurped the office would expect the name of this most popular place to appear in its Egypof king. This happened both at

Sidon and Tyre; in the latter city tian as well as in its Hebrew form.

two priestly usurpers bore the name of Lehi, fled to a fortified city, as The Egyptian form (Albright's list yet unlocated, which bore the name XXII, B, 4) is Djidwna, which of Maitena or Mattena—- a name 30

which has a number of variants and of Kipkip or Kibkib, a name that is remarkably close to the Book of strongly suggests the Book of Morstrongly suggests the Book of MorMormon personal name Giddonah.

cityname Gidgiddoni (cf. also get the comparison For easier wemon Mathoni. 21 mon ).a Gimgimno placing tentative following lists by

BOOK OF MORMON Pacumeni, the name of the third the Old World (OW) words with

The experiment with government son, resembles that borne by some the New World (NW) or Book by priestly judges collapsed, largely of the last priest governors of of Mormon (BM) words:

due to a rivalry for the chief judgeEgypt, whose names are rendered Amon {Ammon), (OW), the ship among three candidates, all Pamenech,32 Pamnkh, Pamenches, commonest name in the later Emsons of the great chief judge, etc. The Greeks (who often furpire; originally from south Egypt

Pahotan. Their names are Pahoran, nish the key to the correct reading Ammon, (BM), the commonest

Paanchi, and Pacumeni. of Egyptian names ) put the guttural name in the Book of Mormon

before the nasal, as in the Book of Amanathabi, (OW), chief of aTHE OLD WORLD Mormon form, Pachomios. The Canaanite city under Egyptian

Such family rivalry for the office most famous man of the name comdomination. The name is "reof high priest is characteristic of manded all the forces of the south, formed"Egyptian.

in the system, Egyptian which priest also of Horus. high the and was ( ) mis-, Nephite Aminadab, BM office to hereditary seems been have governorgeneral least other one At in time of the judges sionary the 23 3*not law but by by usage. the name. bore of Egypt Chiziri, goverEgyptian (OW),

The name of Pahoran reflects the A striking coincidence is the prenor of a Syrian city eastern Pahura, which is "redominance among both Egyptian Cezoram, ( BM ), Nephite chief formed''Egyptian, i.e., a true Egypand Nephite judge names of the judge

title, this istian in altered prefix Pa-. In late Egyptian but such a way ( ), Egyptian Djidwna, OW it toas to the extremely adapt and has simply common, HebrewCa- for Sidon name

naanite speech. 2*Pahura ( also written the force of the definite article. For {Continued on page 249)

204 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CLIMAX OF COLORFUL PAGEANT BEFORE TWO THOUSAND FANS

AllChurch Champions

Dm <=Le6 Ljoated ASSOCIATE EDITOR, "THE DESERET NEWS"

Nearly nine thousand young men coordinated Edgehill Ward agof the Mutual Improvement gregation of Salt Lake City, 34 to

Association from the western 32, in a highlyexciting and wellstates, Canada, and Hawaii, participlayed contest. It was a fitting

pated in the vast international M climax to another successful M Men

Men basketball program during the tournament, one of the best ever season of 194748. played.

Twelve of these represented the The Brigham City team was

Brigham City Fourth Ward and did pressed only in the third and final so in a most impressive and thorrounds. Coach Harry Johnson's

ough manner. They won the chamboys, versatile and aggressive,

pionship of the first international opened their title chase by beating basketball league ever organized, Jefferson Ward, 49 to 30, and next taking the trophy for the first time, whipped Glendale, California, 50 to to the city that was named after 38.

President Brigham Young.

The Brigham City cagers proved a surprise winner over the smoothly

President George Albert Smith presenting the sportsmanship trophy to Captain Ralph Smith of

Holladay Ward.

Brigham City's driving speed from a quick break, accounted to a large extent for the victory, as it paid off in fouls and accuracy from the free throw lane. Both finalists

caged twelve field goals, but the men from the north swished in ten out of fourteen charity throws and that was the ball game. Edgehill's

clever ball control kept the runners up within a goal or two of victory all the way. It was a game to see

and one to remember.

AllChurch Quintet includes, left to The tournament was made up of right: Edgehill, Williams of Roland

of Fourth, duly qualified entries as follows: City Elwyn Peterson Brigham

Merrell City, of Preston Brigham WilBrigham City Fourth Ward, of Institute, the L. D. S. tord Hopkins

Laramie, and, below, Nathan Wade of northern Utah district; Jefferson

Edgehill. Ward, Salt Lake City; Laramie,.

Wyoming champion; Gridley,

The AilChurch M Men Champions Colorado representative; Spencer

from Brigham City Fourth Ward. Ward of Jordan division; Circle-

(Concluded on page 241) A CALL TO JAPAN Dm (Ldvuard cJ.. CU55otd, president of the Japanese mission

He had never doubted that he put her arm across his shoulder as would be called, but a mission outhe sat down. With forced cheerside of the United States had hardly fulness she said, "What a wonderoccurred to him. Occasionally durful experience you will have."

ing the previous several weeks, parAfter a moment he replied. "I

EDWARD L CLiSSOLD ticularly as the snow piled up and know, Mother, but Japan! I don't

winter set in in earnest, he had |here's a letter for you,"called toyed with the idea of a possible

George's mother as he entered call to Hawaii or Samoa in the warm 1:the front door. The unusual south seas. But Japan—he could

note of seriousness in her voice took hardly believe his eyes! In an inGeorge immediately to the end stant the thrill of adventure, travel,

table where the family mail lay. and meeting a new people came

Several weeks before his bishop had over him, followed almost immespoken to him and his parents about diately by vague misgiving and his going on a mission. Later, one doubt. He turned to call to his

of the General Authorities of the mother and found her standing near,

Church had interviewed him at a look of deep concern on her face.

stake conference. Now here was "Where?"she asked simply.

his letter. He opened it hurriedly. He saw the slight intake of her

It stated that he was considered breath and a trace of fear in her worthy to fulfil a mission and was eyes as he answered, "Japan."

called to go to Japan. She noticed his own concern and

(Efyttrrfy of iteatts (Sprint of Satfrrlag #atttfei President Heber J. Grant in a jinrikisha

at the time of his mission in Japan M B **-*'*.***

President Edward L. Clissold of the Japanese Mission writes: know anything about the place, nor

After twentyfour years the Japanese Mission is to be reopened! the language, and the mission is

It in closed in Saints hundred 1924, and or more the two was Japan just being reopened there."

official that In only time. have since with contact one had the Church

1939 President Hilton A. Robertson, then presiding over the Japanese After dinner the family sat down

Mission in Hawaii (now the Central Pacific Mission), made a short trip to talk the matter over. George's

to tVe land of the Rising Sun. Although some of the members had strayed father had said with genuine enwithout a shepherd, President Robertson found many still faithful and a thusiasm when he was informed of

to maintain of organization. few striving a semblance These Church few the call, "Wonderful! You're a still carrying themselves close of the and were on at the war readily made

known to Latterday Saints who went into Japan with the occupation lucky boy."

forces. Some of the servicemen and women were Japanese members of

the Church from Hawaii. They were welcomed with open arms by the "Mow in the quiet of the family

for the old longed hungered and for news of the Church Saints who circle the warm glow of associations. effected Organizations to the servicemen, were by Church

which the native Saints were invited, and small groups of Saints once joy in being called to a mission more began to gather together.... slowly possessed him. There was

The Church withdrew from Japan when intense nationalism, fanned talk of school and mission home, by ambitious militarists, discouraged every foreign contact and stifled clothes, and sailing dates, and an privilege. returns of personal breath freedom and every The Church to earnest word from Brother Field

discredited, defeated being are tried as while the and war lords, Japan criminals, and the people struggle for world acceptance again under demothat George should begin imcratic institutions. The Church left as the course of events seemed to mediately to prepare himself for

confirm the Japanese in their belief that the emperor was divine and the his new work. To George's query

Japanese were destined to rule the world. It returns as the emperor deas to how he could learn much about

nounces all claim to divinity and the people aspire to a humble place in Japan before he arrived there, his the family of nations and the brotherhood of man.

* * * father replied: "There are the school

Plans called for the arrival in Japan of President Clissold on March and public libraries; there are, doubt-

5. Elders Harrison T. Price and Paul C. Andrus of Salt Lake City and less, many articles on Japan in

Wayne P. McDaniel of Alpine, Utah, have been called to the Japanese Church publications, and there are

Pacific Mission in the Central laboring Mission, now in Hawaii, and will go many service people and others for them. are obtained as clearances as soon to Japan here who have recently returned

206 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A typical street in a Japanese city Anthropologists, unconcerned about the myths of origin of the Japanese, state that though basically of Mongoloid stock they are of mixed racial origin.

Lying off the great Asiatic continent

Japan has drawn her peoples and much of her culture from the north, south, and central coastal regions of the mainland area since the dawn of history.

Little is known of the first ruler

Jimmu or his successors until the beginning of the eighth century except that the Japanese had had contact with the Chinese and Koreans and had adopted some of the former's culture, including its written language.

This book gave George a bird's- from Japan. Then, too, there are ous gods, and created Japan. George eye view of the history of Japan

quite a number of Japanese living wondered if this could be a perfrom earliest times down to the here, any one of whom would, no version of the story of the council modern era. From his own knowldoubt, help you."in heaven and the creation, which edge he could trace the general

George's countenance brightened he had learned in Sunday School. course of Japanese history after

I. He recalled the greatat the suggestion. He knew there The book went on to state that after World War

growth of industrial power, the inwere several Japanese attending the the age of the gods a historical charuniversity. He could hardly wait acter, Jimmu Tenno, emerged. He tensifying nationalism, and the poluntil the next day to begin his study was a direct descendant of Izanagi icy of expansion which led to the

of Japan and everything Japanese. through Amaterasu, the sun godinvasion of Manchuria in 1932, the

The morning wore on to a study dess, and the first ruler of Japan. attack on China in 1937, and the

period, and George headed for the According to critical scholars Jimmu overrunning of Malaysia in 1942.

library. To his amazement he found ascended the throne about 25 B. C. George closed the book, grateful

half a drawer of reference cards on He was the founder of the dynasty for the information that an hour of yielded. His deterhad history, point to as research geography, proudly Japanese whichJapan—culture, the subject pursue mination to was industry, continued unbroken in an having mythlanguage, literature,

strengthened.ology, religion—more books than line to the present Emperor Hirohe could read in a year. Then, too, hito.

A few inquiries the next day brought George face to face with a former crewman of the Air

Transport Command. He had flown

over much of Japan. The former

aviator began:

From the air Japan seems mostly mountains. Except for the volcanoes, they look

green and velvety and are cut by numerous ravines and canyons made by short (Continued on page 208)

President Grant and his the latest edition of the Reader's party in Japan about 1902

Guide listed recent articles on practically every phase of Japanese life.

George selected a little work by entitled F. EmbreeDr. John L.D.S. of members who group

the TokyoYokohama at The * Amet background as a publishedJapanese, conference study by the Smithsonian Institute.

The book contained an account of the Japanese myths of origin, especially of the "Plain of High

Heaven"where a series of gods were born. Finally a male god

named Izanagi and a female god named Izanami were married and became the progenitors of numerAPRIL 1948

A CALL TO JAPAN (Continued from page 207) written in English letters. He rethe name. So in Japan he might be

twisting rivers. The coastlines extend mile called banzai and kamikaze. After called Hatake san.

after mile, and are very irregular with one reference several through glancing the mountains joining another. Betweenbay which "M[ow to speak with a Japanese all of Japanese, on far sometimes the seacoast and up the books and

canyons the landscape is a patchwork of seemed much too involved and about the language! The next

gardens and rice fields. There is no level scientific, the prospective missionary day he saw an Oriental sitting alone

hillsides of the wasteland, and many in library. sat the a table He a simple account in the at are found

railof right cultivated. of the Even way up, the student looked and as down, Encyclopedia: World Book are in width reduced road and the highways

asked, Japanese?"George "Are you gardens. vegetable the crowding The by

given with answer, "Yes,"was soil Japanese is not related to neighboring The foot of of cultivating every necessity the Korean to vaguely tongues, except countryside neat the whole and smile. makes friendly introduced George

is scholars a a considered and by of land frugal use gardenlike. can language, This told, himself in a words few and the group. of UralAltaic The member that only one realizes understood be when halfapologetically, he because the in civilization of Chinese adoption

is arable of area fifteen percent Japan's the included Christian century his listener underwouldn't adopthought must support over seventy million first and changed tion of words, now many Chinese to stand, about his assignment go to people.

Most of Japan's larger cities were in pronunciation and use. Japan. As George proceeded, the

the war. during heavily As we bombed great inmanifested Japanese to learn young interested was George over flew YokoKobe, Osaka, Nagoya, finished, terest, he and as George Chinese and Japanese although small of that portions only Tokyo, and hama,

them looked as I imagined the whole cities can understand the same written said, "Call me Ralph; that isn't my

looked before the war. For the most part language neither can understand the first name but was given me in school

walls, barren gutted and chimneys, only the couldn't proteacher because speak. they other when

are the roads In areas trees remain. some name."nounce Japanese Then my his going to be name was What debris,, and a covered with completely with he added pride and amusement In in EnglishJapanese an Japanese? everything. to cover seems dust brownish

The one exception to this picture is Kyoto. dictionary he turned first to the at George's surprise: "I am a memIt was not bombed and presents a beautiful word "field."He found three genber of the Church, too, and hope

picture with its castles, temples, white eral equivalents: No, Ta, and some day to go on a mission to

buildings, Japan."like didn't No, and and trees nestling against the Hatake. He

. foothills. George was delighted, and before left short. That too thought Ta

George broke in to ask whether Hatake. This word seemed easy to he could frame the question Ralph

there were any villages. The aviator pronounce, just "ha"and "take."continued: "I am from Honolulu."

continued: He could find no equivalent for Then he told of his home in Hawaii,

how the missionaries formed a Boy Unlike most American farmers who live "elder"but learned that san on their farms, the Japanese country folk stands for "mister"and comes after Scout troop in his neighborhood and live in small villages and go out to work later a Sunday School. It was

their fields. The village is a cluster of through the missionaries that he behouses and trees and is usually situated in I BEND TO THE WIND came interested in law and in the

Speaking farming. to unsuited spot a of By Deon Nethercott Olson university in Utah. flying saw. an I never in farms, all my

animal or a piece of machinery at work George asked if he understood in the fields. The farms are very small, BEND to the wind which sends me soaring Japanese. He replied that he wasn't

and all the work is done by hand. I High in the heavens. The ocean's roaring an expert by Japanese standards but

Far below it in studied in language had school meter, ears in to broken Comes my then wanted to know George is far, it far sweeter sings that But the song sixHonolulu and a on had been and the of size of Japansomething I (This know) his tour months'of parwith Japan swelling voices tuneful with bards Thanits climate.

Have ever told. And in its telling, ents. He told George that the corJapan proper (Kyushu, Shikoku, Hon- A truthful story, rect pronunciation of his name in

Beautiful, praiseworthy, approximately coversshu, Hokkaido) and Then my eyes,is unfoldingbeholding Japanese was "ha ta kay,"and ofmy ears. I understand To miles which square 148,750

to help in fered glory, All true every way possible. of California. were size is the about We still turn but away, keep gazing. Cannot that try to George He suggested flying study area of Japan that told in our is praising Speechlessly, heart my

over it would be much like flying along Cavalcades learn at least five Japanese words our Atlantic seacoast from central Florida Cavalcades which keep on marching every day.

Tokyo and that Maine, to central is in Through mountains, over oceans and des- "What fortune,"George said to erts parching, Washington, position asthe same relative

D. C. Of course, Japan is very narrow, Through many decades himself as he walked home that

anguish; and Americans Of heartbreak afternoon, "a Japanese, and a memto two hundred one only fromvarying

striving southern In width. in Japan the of miles objectives with Churchhundred ideals. conber their enemies'Against Toward

goes tropical. As one is almost climatethe similar to mine!"niving

temperate, and more it becomesnorth, them harm To do The Fields were delighted with like our northern of unity, allaying a bulwark is much They buildHokkaido progress with the and new but very Dreadful fears which might conquer them, George's in the summerstates—warm

staying to dinRalph came in the winter. friend. When snowfallcold with heavy

Their great alarm. * ner a few nights later, their estimaHow the word keeps poundLeorge's interest next turned to "Democracy"! tion of the Japanese and enthusiasm ing

the Japanese language. He Ever in my ears, keeps'sounding, for their son's call took a decided

on!"and a "On heard havingcouldn't remember autocracy. spurt. darkness are and Night although he word spokenJapanese let the As George turned to the religions "democracy"America, word

had seen several in the newspapers Forever mean dawn! {Continued on page 243)

208 # THE IMPROVEMENT ERA so convincingly that even some of our own young women aped their degrading styles and manners. Oh,

I'm not forgetting some of the really splendid and fine things the world had to offer in the fields of art. Our

Saints would go to see these good things, but along with them, sons of men brought in subtly veiled rottenness. The first thing we knew we

were accepting immorality and laxness in obedience to his commandments as necessary and natural.

vDa cJLuacine Llam rtOX Our youth began to take such negligence as a matter of course. It

warped their sense of values. Everyeyes... and couldn't explain it or thing had to be—what was the word govern it themselves."—"exciting"?—no, "glamorous,"

"Timothy,"I floundered, seeking that was it. "Glamorous!"How

words and wondering at the same empty and shoddy it seems now, time at our stupidity in those days, compared to millennial life.

"There were the "you must understand that we Yes, Lucifer crept into everything.

stars to watch at couldn't live in the presence of the Remember the stories and books?

night. There was Lord then. All the information we Little by little immorality flourished

treated as too. Adultery was

of married complication the moon"hadprophets.came throughAnd unlessthe mouthsyou hadof thethe athere,harmless

j Holythe truthGhost,of youwhatdidn'tthe recognizeprophets lifecalmly—ugh!that should Thebe metwaynaturallythe wooland

said."was pulled: over our eyes! The popuAnd then Timothy nodded eagerlar songs were slyly suggestive and

ly, "But Latterday Saints knew for—what, Elizabeth?

sure, didn't they, Sister Martin?"Oh, yes! The advertising. Anycould you are. There if What lies, I thing to get money—even it it now, on back for loss LIooking at a I was always say? it. As with get could And they away see, didn't incredible thatseems we did excuse Seriously, what words. the gain could they for what? So signsdidn't were understand. The

so obvious. Everything clicked into pleasure of the flesh, most of which

place so smoothly and right on led one straight down the path to

Lucifer. thisschedule. in lies Provocative thought

It wasn't all wickedness, though, resthe following story Elizabeth, how could we have imaginative been so blind? Those days seem to urrection. And maybe there is an in those days. Not always! There

the the times good, and good of the like nightmares dimme now of feasts too. people, actions—andearnest plea preparefor us tothechangeway! our werehumble What inpast. course, many respects Of conferences annual those the spirit in nightmarishthose were days

quality, but they were terribly real. were! Knowing as we do now that

often angels and heavenly beings Pain. Did we actually feel it? Of we have? Those of us who were were present, it's no wonder we felt

course we did. And of occasions. those on so near to Him the Church—and failed unbelievable ofmost up? sorrowall—doubt.and membersto measure times the I wept were when Those

Elizabeth, how could we ever have Oh, yes, I know. Lucifer. I must for joy and often longed to burst

doubted? But we did. Little Timadmit that with Lucifer bound it's into songs of praise as we do now.

othyestate—oh,Johnson,youtheknowboyhim.on theHe nextwas justnow asas hardit wasto thenrememberto imaginehis wileslife death,Then,I too,felt inverytheclosepresenceto him.of

after the yearsborn two Second remindhim. to keep foreign without I have seems on word Death—the I theComing, mean? boy Know difficult he ing myself and his how what tongue now. you know Do myYes, that's the one. asked has He things. angels made I mean?me again and again about that.

"How could you have helped but 'T'he old motion pictures! RememJhLIZABeth, it makes me humble to

know there is a God, Sister Marber, Elizabeth? The absurd know that I, as unrighteous as I

tin?"he insists. "There were the styles of dress and undress and, felt, (I made so many foolish misstars to watch at night. There was mercy!—the importance we attached takes) was still enabled to rise in

the moon. God made them."to them! Lucifer was extremely the morning of the first resurrection.

"Yes, Timothy,"I have said, clever there. of guise the used I He But I know. I'm weeping, Yes,

..."all"but kinds to cover physical beauty call that help can't it! To hear

"And the sun in the daytime. of wickedness. The lovely, painted—to see the graves opened! MyDidn't people know? When they mouths of harlots uttered every grave, Elizabeth—and yours! My

saw his handiwork with their own manner of false doctrine so simply, {Continued on page 246)

APRIL 1948 209 THE NAVAJO...

Part II* his predicament The Navajo Indian Is Economically Insecure Dm Spencer [/[/. J\im,ball

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE The"schoolNavajoand hadteacherbeen forassuredeverya thirty children"when he gave up his properties and his liberties in signing the treaty of 1868, and the failure of the government to fulfil Russelnear FortSageDefianceand granddaughter this promise has been shown with the sad result of Navajo dependency, illiteracy, degeneracy. To those

conditions are now added the specters of hunger and cold. They

have been bound down with superstition. They are suffering from exposure and hunger. They live in an

almost hopeless situation in which they cannot expect to sustain themselves economically. They are

ill and poorly housed! Certainly all

of these ills could have been overcourtesy Milton Snow, Navajo Servicecome if universal compulsory educa-—Photograph,

tion had been provided for them these eighty years. After some gensustain the sixtyfour thousand means that he must subsist upon natives who now compose the Navabout $1.00 a week for food, anderations of real education, the

Navajo will emerge cultured, eduajo nation. With no movable this to include the homegrown

cated, and trained. He will learn frontiers, and with the lands of the products, pinon nuts, and wild

less.how to make a good living and will country almost wholly appropriated, peaches. Many Navajos have

have the tools with which to do so; there is little chance to extend the Recent press dispatches stated

he will learn sanitation and good reservation. The tribal resources are that a United States Bureau had set

health habits; he will develop his many and can be developed to some as a "modest but adequate"standtalents and fill his mind with useful extent to give economic opportunity ard of living budget for us $3,458.00

knowledge and will grow and deto the Indians, but it would seem a year. It was stated that the avervelop and flourish. that as the tribe grows and the facilage family would need to spend

But today the Navajo Indian is in ities are not developed to keep pace, more than $3,000 a year for goods, distress. His hopes have been some other answer must be found. services, taxes, and other essentials.

blasted and his spirit crushed. The Navajo must be trained so that It was suggested that the present

Though aristocratic naturally, he he may compete with the nonIn- $1.25 an hour would need to be inhas waited so long for treaty promdian in the professions, business, increased to $1.55 or $1.75 an hour to

ises to be fulfilled that his inferiority dustry, and other employment off meet this standard of living. But the

complex has become a hindrance to the reservation. He has a long way Navajo must subsist on not $1.50

him. He has lost confidence in the to go. an hour or a day but $1.50 a week

person. for each states promises. Man'sWhite He Tt is estimated that the Navajo inthe From two sheep for each Inhas timethat every the White Man

touched his life it has been for excome is only about onetenth that dian, given to them as they returned ploitation. of his nonIndian brother. They are to the reservation in 1868, through

pastoral people. detheir industry have they and thrift, They had in bear mind that these We must million heavily increased than a sheep pended to more upon and free,people, independent, once and

secure, were invaded, subjugated, other livestock for food, wool, pelts, head by the early thirties. But the

and interned by us in concentration and for money. The average income government, finding the erosion a

camps where they have been as they of the individual Navajo is estiserious menace, put into effect the say "prisoners of war"for eightymated to be about $81.00 a year. stock reduction program which has

four years since their final surrender This amount comes from several been almost a crushing blow to to United States troops. The ressources including sheep, labor, agrithese people who leaned so heavily

ervation which might have supcultural products, weaving, and silupon herds. They must reduce their

ported the nine thousand will not versmithing. This means that about sheep. With the 15,445,000 acres

$1.50 a week must purchase all his of grazing land, they are limited to

*Part I of "The Navajo"appeared in February food, clothes, and entertainment. It graze only about 600,000 sheep.1948

210 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This means less than ten sheep a good land with good water rights is the clothing for the year, leaving person, and this number must be quoted at from about $200 to $1,000 only a few dollars for machinery, further reduced by five head for an acre. Why didn't we give the household equipment, and misceleach horse or cow kept. It is estiNavajos a reservation including a lany.

mated that 250 head of sheep will few million acres of this kind of land produce a net annual income of instead of that which is appraised at HPhough a purchaser pays a good about $750.00 and that this amount $1.44 an acre? price for a Navajo rug, he must

is a minimum income required for There are only about 20,000 acres realize that the Indian woman who bare subsistence for a family. On of irrigable land of the more than produced it received only about 3c

this basis only 2,400 families could sixteen million. It is estimated that to 7c an hour for her time, while rug

subsist, but there probably are an acre of class one land is equivaweavers in Philadelphia are said to 12,000 families. The tribe continues lent to six and onefourth sheep receive $1.00 an hour. She must

decreases—theto increase, andresulttheis productivitydeprivation units,to fourand andan acrethreefourthsof class twosheepland andpurchasethe dyeat leastfrom partthe oftrader.her woolShe

and suffering. units. Forty to sixty acres of land then constructs her own loom from

There are a few small areas under would be equivalent to 250 sheep cultivation, but it will be apparent which is the minimum requirement: "'''"JT-T*W."'rT '': -""a*;'*

at once why these good people are as indicated, and yet the average in such distress when we compare farm acreage for the Navajo is onethe land valuations: third acre and about seven to ten

sheep. Or it would be about one

Average value of reservation land and twothirds acres for a family estimated at $1.44 an acre

of five or about thirtyfive to fifty

Average value of nonIndian land head of sheep. It is obvious why it

in Arizona, Mexico, New and has been deemed necessary to send reservato contiguous Utah tion 8.46 an acre into the reservation great quantities

Average value of all farm and of food and clothing to supplement rangelands in United States..31.71 an acre the inadequate stores they possess.

Of an estimated 7,300 stock There are many places in the owners, it is said that there are not

United States where 160 acres of more than one hundred owners who land will make a good living for a possess a herd of sheep sufficient to family, giving to them not only provide an adequate income even at necessities but also many luxuries their low standard of living. The

of life. But here on the reservation average income from this source was

which we gave to the Indians in lieu about $35.00 per capita. The tribal

of their vast holdings, it is said that attorney advised that there are it takes 160 acres to support one 6,334 families or about half of the horse. I have priced land in Utah total who have fewer than one hunand Arizona and have found that Child of the Desert—

what future for her?

dred sheep, though 250 are thought to be a minimum herd to produce a minimum subsistence. Only 129 sticks, and perhaps under a tree she

families have as many as 201 to 300 sits on the ground for long days to sheep. He states that there are weave the beautiful rug which she

76,000 fewer sheep on the reservasells back to the trader. The differtion than there are permits issued. ential between cost and selling price

To supplement the income from to her is actually so small that rugs sheep, the women weave, the men are not woven in quantities except make jewelry; they cultivate such when poverty and hunger force

crops as are possible, and they labor them to do this difficult and unrewherever employment can be found. munerative work.

The weaving brought to the tribe The same is largely true of the an average of $7.08 per capita in silversmith. The worker purchases

1940; they received from the farms his silver and his stones from the

about $1 1.89 per capita for the year, trader, and often with his pliers and

and they received a little from silver other inadequate tools he fashions

Sipss workThe $81.00and miscellaneousincome was activities.used for theprofitattractiveis also small.jewelry on which his

necessities. About $20.00 of it was The silver work is now threatened

the value of the food which they as big companies flood the market grew, about $37.00 for food purwith silver and turquoise ornaments

Percy Hayden, blind and crippled near Ft. Defiance chased, and about $13.00 must buy (Continued on page 212)

APRIL 1948 211

THE NAVAJO... fflS PREDICAMENT

(Continued from page 211) $2,000 a year. It is obvious that the the rights privileges and annuities

which are made by machines. A Navajo is the "forgotten man."He conferred by the terms of this

few Indians are employed to ashas been left to shift for himself treaty."No vote was given him and

semble the parts and do some little with many handicaps. The wasteno chance to better his conditions.

work on them, and the items are sold land given him for his reservation is And the principal benefit promised as Indianmade jewelry. It is obvious a vast area four times as large as him by the treaty and the one that

that the individual Navajo with his Massachusetts and consists of could give hope was the "school primitive methods and crude tools rocky mesas, eroded flats, dry and teacher for every thirty chilcannot compete. Consequently anwashes, and dusty plains. It is so dren"which he has never reother of his industries is threatened. dry that this entire area furnishes ceived to this day. His ills may

The 20,000 acres of irrigable land only about iy2 percent of the water be traced to his lack of education.

is a small area to be divided among which reaches Lake Mead, but it If he had been given schools for 64,000 people. Federal statistics tell carries about 35 percent of the silt eighty years comparable to our own,

us that in 1 945 the average size farm that reaches that reservoir. This vast the Navajo would long ago have

in the United States was 190.1 area, onehalf as large as Pennsylthrown off the yoke of bondage. He

acres. But most of those few Navvania, has not a single town of any would have discarded his diabolical

ajos who have little farms have but size, no railroad, only one highway superstitions which bind him down;

a few acres, with questionable water of a hundred miles, and almost no he would have relinquished the mite right, with primitive implements, litroads worthy of the name. Here which he has received for the liberty

tle knowledge of seeds or soils, lives the lonely Navajo in his poverwhich awaits him; he would have

methods or products. ty and suffering. Here he is in dislearned how to farm properly and

A recent report states tress for the very necessities of life. make the most of the land he possesses; he would have learned to

Agriculture Secretary Anderson estispeak the language of the nation;

1947 farmmated income at $29,7000,000,000 up 21 percent over 1946, and an alltime he would have become trained in the high. arts and sciences; he would have become proficient in the professions

And today, when the average and businesses. In short, he would

United States farmer and stockman have become one with us, equal to have received record returns for us, accepted by us. And let us

their products, the poor Navajo has prognosticate for the Indian of the received the smallest. future, that when he has had some

Another report says generations of training and freedom and advantages comparable to our average farm operator The realized a own, his darkness will give way to net from agriculture of $2,541.00 income

and government payments in 1946, after light; his ignorance and superthe payment of taxes and other expenses. stitions to sophistication and learnThe Navajo today shivers in the ing; his serfdom to leadership; and

Contrast this net income, cold; he dies prematurely with his confusion and frustration to

$2,541.00, with the average of diseases because of malnutrition and clear vision and understanding and

$1 1.89 per capita, or $60.00 a famibecause of lack of sanitation; his to a knowledge of God and his deally, received by the Navajo farmer, standard of living is far below that ings with men.

or with his total income of about of European peoples whom we seek $400 a family. to assist; he is without many of the

necessities of life as well as the comThe Navajos Are Sick and

Come of the Navajos made good forts and luxuries. And all these ills

money during the war period, but are upon him because of the treatSore, Hungry and Cold like their white brothers, they spent ment he has received from the great They live in mud hogans unit and have little to show for it. and powerful nation of which we are der most primitive conditions. The

There is little incentive to save on a part, which nation invaded his home is a temporary structure the reservation, as it is difficult to country, subjugated him, took from for the family and may be miles invest since they may have no perhim his liberty, reservationed him on away next year, as they follow mits for additional stock, no land perhaps the most worthless area in their little band of sheep. The

on which to build, no storage for the country, and for eighty years hogan is of logs covered with mud.

food. It is reported that rugs and treated him as a prisoner of war. It is iglooshaped, generally with a

silverware are a drug on the market, The Navajo by treaty forcibly relindirt floor. Here lives the family

and more jewelry of the Indians is quished his right, title, and interest which may often consist of ten or said to be in pawn than ever before to his America and promised to refifteen, including the inlaws and in history. Interest rates on these main on the barren reservation "and the orphans from other families.

loans are purported to be as high they will not as a tribe make any There are generally no beds, tables, as one hundred twenty percent anpermanent settlement elsewhere,"or other furniture. The family sits

nually or ten percent a month. and they understood that if they and sleeps on sheep pelts on the

Only thirtyfive of the possible left this forbidding and unproducfloor. The one room is bedroom,

12,000 families earn as much as tive area, "he or she shall forfeit all (Continued on page 252) 212 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA flited on dome "tl i\ 1 li 1 <JJatmq Ludtomd

"Si.

\\-y.z:f/r

It drops care of itself. tern takes exciting adof the is oneDating girl of its The "cute"own weight. It life. be should of ventures

fun, and it sometimes leads to whom he hasn't got around to for dates, other has accepted month can be a very amarriage—which

less be he's out! But he would and thing!happy

Fifty years ago, in grandlaughed about if he could limit himmother's time, there developed some self to two or three—even a slowlysingular customs in connection with changing two or three—until time

too, Girls, final choice. make the as to "keeping company,"dating—or

field."the "play Today sometimes customs were Theseshe called it.

built around strict chaperonage and, this is called "popularity."Fifty

to us, a strained formality. Decorum years ago it was named, "Having

was the watchword. A gentle game many strings to her bow."Howof croquet, hampered by the long ever, it isn't as much fun as it

skirts we love today, was stirring seems today, and it wasn't as much sport, and a ride behind a span of fun as you'd think fifty years ago us. Play-"bays"was a thrilling experience—so Grandmother assures

vDfevttnall ing coy to twenty suitors can beand, come to think, it still would be! &<i an

A proposal on bended knee was not deadly boresome, and it never did then considered altogether funny! Then there is that interesting guarantee a happy, successful marThat was fifty years ago. But little matter known as "going riage.

what an array of odd customs we steady"in which an understanding 'T'hen there is that other playful are assembling for the amazement is reached. John agrees to be on custom which has fastened itself

of future grandchildren. Some of the job and see that Marjie gets to upon the fortunate or unfortunate

our most treasured dating customs all the important social affairs and depending on your viewpoint to defeat guaranteed practically care that are takenare her weekends kisscitizens of young today—the not They're to agreestheir Marjie of adequately. own purpose. that a tangle ing custom. what And

much fun. At least they're not alturn down all other invitations in poses! Collect the opinions of thirty

ways fun for everyone. And they the hope that sooner or later—somedifferent girls and fellows on the

aren't the best ways of preparing times at the last moment—John will Effect and I'll guarantee you com

for a happy marriage. They are call her. It becomes an interesting v\ete confusion/

definitely quaint customs. little experiment in which one mem- "A kiss doesn't mean a thing!"

This matter of going to a school ber of the partnership almost al- "A kiss is a real bond between two or"a church dance and pointedly ways assumes his responsibilities people.""I certainly wouldn't kiss

ignoring all your friends and acmore conscientiously than the other, a boy on a first date.""How many

quaintances there assembled. You and in which the more security you times do you have to go out with a

and your escort dance together exaspire to, the less certain becomes fellow before you will kiss him?"clusively all evening—broadshoul- the whole proceeding. Youth, being "I think it's all right to kiss a boy ifdered boy, shininghaired girl—rethe resilient substance it is, the reyou really like him.""The girls

volving in a world of your own. sults, though seldom good, are not think you're an awful drip if you

Never a dance exchanged. No soalways tragic. But where's the fun? don't kiss them.""The boys thinkcializing. Fun? Perhaps—for some And where is the guarantee on you're frightfully snooty if you

couples for a short while! But what good selective training for marriage? won't cooperate and give them a

about the girl who is "stuck"with Then there's the fellow who folgood time.""There are all kinds of

the wrong boy or the boy whose lows the opposite custom of taking kisses.""It's just a casual custom

parents have persuaded him to take out a new girl practically every like rubbing noses.""It's like candy

little little girl because neighbor like collecting It's theout a week. a people can take eating—some nice youngster, and"she's a loves neckties. ones but such new He Others little piece and be done.

you both need to get out and meet hates "like thunder"to give up the aren't satisfied till they've eaten the other young people"? Fine opporold treasured neck drapes. Sooner whole box.""I like double dating

tunity! or later, of course, this fanciful sys- {Concluded on page 214)

APRIL 1948 213 Some Quaint Dating Cnstoms hence will be ableto look back and and hold it through the years. In

(Concluded from page 213) say whether these quaint dating the end it is the most fun because it because you know your friend has customs are merely funny or makes a better "game."And it is

got to be satisfied with a quickie or whether they have a markedly poor a far better preparation for marriage nothing at all-—else he makes himeffect upon the value and happiness because through about ninety perself conspicuous.""I begin to talk of family life. cent of our dating life—up to thefrantically as we get near home I have no fears of the latter, if moment of final decision—selection

hoping to divert him and so slip young people will think through is almost unlimited.

into the house without a clinch."their dating habits, see them for As for the kissing situation, it is

Confusion—see what I mean? what they are, and determinedly in such a condition of social flux,

make the important and muchwith such marked confusion of

HThis one is a young boycustom, needed changes. opinion, that it seriously threatens

Just sixteen with a new auto lithe integrity of our emotional recense but with gradeschool social ""There are signs of restlessness sponses. For when, after all, is the

habits! They drive up in trios and and rebellion. Jean, home from right time to kiss? Is it on the third

honk and yell for Ann. She would the Gold and Green Ball replies to date-—or the seventieth? Do you

gladly come out. After all, she's the query, "Did you exchange kiss a girl because you love her or

young and informal herself, and the dances with anyone?""Yes, once because you believe "no girl should

car looks wonderful! older But her with always "pay"Is it the Jim and unkissed"? up grow Louise—Jimbrothers let and her. sisters won't exchanges. girl evening, He's nice that way. for a pleasant gives But a

"Don't you dare dash out to of course, Louise knows that he likes a mere social formality like shaking those brats. Don't they know her best!"hands, or is it a bond of affection

enough to come up to the door when You see, an element of chivalry and trust? Is one kiss enough or

they want to see you?"is involved. Because once, someone does it lead us, possibly, into treThe honking custom is prevalent insisted on dancing every dance mendous backwaters where we are

among the younger boys—but it's with his girl—either as evidence of definitely over our depth and have

a singular one you must admit! And devotion or because he didn't enjoy difficulty swimming out? Many

if you don't want to be labeled a young people today, while contend- "brat"by the older kids, just reing that a date kiss can be a pleasant member that when you are old experience, are so aware of the enough to drive a car, you are old problems involved that they wouldenough to march right up to the TALK iVoVER gladly go back to the old custom front door, sound the musical chimes, whereby a kiss sealed an engagewith anyone for it's dancing askand Ann. Too else—others bad—but

pattern followed and fiment. the same of theone quaint customs decreed

by the older groups! nally, anyone who wanted to trade Tndoubtedly, the best customs

One of the oddest dating customs dances gave the impression that he we could strive for in our dating is the eating custom. No matter wasn't quite satisfied with his own are those which leave the way open

partner. A silly situation, because it to growth and understanding. Theyhow late the hour—how adequate

should be taken for granted that are the customs which grow out ofprevious refreshments—how many

people in the world are starving few of us are permanently satisfied unselfishness and respect for the after every date, food! It ranges with our dating partners. We like rights and happiness of others.

from root beer and hamburgers to them fine, but we want to try many They are the customs of freedom a full course dinner. It's hard on—and the way should be wide open. which may lead to great love, or to

student budgets, on parent's peace But hope is rising. There is an complete withdrawal—with no one

of mind, and on young people's undercurrent of dissatisfaction with the worse for it. The best dating

ability to be up and about the busithe exclusive partner idea at dances. customs are built upon faith and

ness of the morrow, but it's the I, for one, am glad of this dissatisself-control and even some measure custom! faction. of selfdenial. They are founded

And of course, all these strange Let's try to analyze some of the upon a knowledge and acceptance customs add up to the absolute and other customs. Going steady is just of the fundamental -laws of cause

immovable custom that you cannot another evidence of the modern and effect—with only enough exeven ask a girl out without a car. craze for "social security"now perimentation to keep us alert to

That is an essential. The bonds you sweeping the country. But it would new beauty in life. They rest sebought during the war, the money never win the sportsmanship trophy curely upon the advice of our

your parents banked for you to get for dating. No one can question the happily married parents and our

"your start"later on, a sizeable right, or seriously criticize the acsuccessful friends. They are

portion of the government G. I. tion, of any young man who defounded upon the principles laid

educational allotment must go for liberately decides that he is going down by religious conviction.the purchase or operation of a car. out with only one person—"from That our grandchildren will look

this time on"—as long as he keeps upon some of our dating customs

X7hat does it all mean? I don't his decision to himself and asks no with merriment is certain. But if we

know exactly. In some degree, similar promise from the other. are wise in our appraisals and

I believe it is all part of the instabNevertheless, complete freedom is courageous in making needed ility of life at the dating age. Only the safest and consequently the changes, they will look upon many

the grandchildren of fifty years most secure way to bind friendship of them with respect and gratitude.

214 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA couraged to develop spiritually.

No priestly class performs religious Spiritual Health exercises for the members. One

might as well expect the movements of a mother's arms and legs to de-

J-rank 5. IA/Ll5e velop and strengthen the flabby ma- &J

terial that constitutes the muscle and bone of the little child. Each memwell muscles, so is that developed Those some peowhy it wonder

slightest ber of the Church is given the opthe pie, realizing religion that to so responsive innow,

I cludes the supernatural, expect a call upon them... did they just portunity to learn and then to pracknowledge and assurance of its happen that way? Why, of course tise that learning by doing.

reality to come through the agency not! Years of exercise and regular In this manner is the Church

of miracles. In all other walks of habits increased the power and served; in this manner is the Church

life, we learn early that ability to strength of these engines which gave run. The young girl of sixteen or

understand and to do things, comes control to the human frame, until seventeen, who only a year or two through the application of intellithe full measure of their developago was herself sitting in Sunday gent thought and study, backed up ment was achieved. School listening to an ably prepractice. other words, Inby we chilteaching lesson, sented is now atever today are few who of HThere thelearn doing, measure and by of five age years four of and dren full of tain the development to large exto a successour depends gospel. the principles of the fret their physical mechanism. Thetent the industry determinaand on of age, years twelve laborboy the The together with worry, and exhibit.tion we priesthood, into the accepted times, are now of devices saving modern

Why should not an understandeffectively reducing our bodily given the opportunity of functionis ofing a working knowledge and gospel of the ordinances in the ing many cases, to the danhealth—inreligion in a similar to us come anciently. did sons of Aaron the as ger point.

manner? Is there really any logical Complete physiFrom these humreason to suppose that light and cal health depends ble activities, he

knowledge should suddenly flood on regular exercise Just as the law of health may go from reour minds and give us an insight of the limbs. The operates inexorably in sponsibility to reinto the ways of God, without any movement in these the physical form, so it sponsibility until

application or effort on our part? members causes will operate in the spirithe is admitted into

I as well exthink might not. One priesthigher to the blood circuual realm. the abilthepect speech and to develop and empowhood freely late more

theity without a to mountain climb the preach to exertion the due to be a ered Don't of arduousprerequisites long and pergospel and increased and spiritual steps. tottering talk andbaby duties comform action. This heart

The analogy of physical health blood flow helps to CRIPPLE parable only to the can throw a great deal of light on carry off waste prophets of old.

the subject of spiritual health. There and poisonous matter and generally This is spiritual health, to deis not one of us, who, on seeing tones up the system. velop one's spiritual muscles with

a wellproportioned man or woman It is a wellrecognized fact, that doing, to practise the powers with pass by with light tread and a to achieve and keep physically which one has been endowed, to healthy glow in the face, would not healthy, we must first build our climb from opportunity to opporadmire and perhaps be a little envious bodies to their full stature and tunity, feeding on the knowledge of of such obvious physical wellbeing. capacity through long years of aptruth and building spiritual form andWhatever our own physical state stature by rubbing shoulders with must feed problems and adversity.may be, there is a feeling of satisfacplication and use. We

right food and protect them the sort of suchtion in a sight as this—a possible far as as is them that theconfirmation human race from A word of warning with regard

not entirely decadent, after all. But danger and accident, and we must to overburdening: Just as the

have we stopped to think how much cherish and maintain that state of physicai frame win stand so mucn time and effort have gone into the wellbeing to which we have so an no more so tne spiritual has building of such evident health? Do laboriously attained, for neglect and its limitations of load. All too often,

we picture the care that has been lavmisuse will cause us to lose weight we find that the wards of our ished on this human frame by a lovand color, upset our nerves and orChurch contain some dependable ing mother during the years of inganic functions and quickly bring us brothers and sisters who will alfancy? Do we hear the labored low in resistance and immediately ways be willing to take on "just

breath of little lungs as they strive open to disease. one more Job-"Is this wise? Is this

for those to the extra oxygen supply analogy turn to our fair? Let us iror the last sofa and TI rejoice.. greatlyi thati the,1 iChurch it between few steps is if it analogy, a true again;

the radio? And what about those Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints should help us answer this question

big blue bruises and other marks proclaims as one of its leading docalso.

caused by unexpected contact with trines, the necessity of activity withDevelopment to full stature has nonresilient objects! in the Church. Each person is en- (Concluded on page 216)

APRIL 1948 215 or coin a new word, they may find

Something Concerning the themselves using the word tea for this afternoon gathering. And

whether they drink postum or chocolate, they will undoubtedly use a teaspoon! ORIGIN OF WORDS

Another word that seems to bother is that of coffee shop. This

significance to have a formal than Howcinatingwordssubjectcame thatto bewouldis a takefasword:know the actual meaning of the againas an informalhas comerather

to years many order dining not room. need One unravel—and, locks, locks, curly Curly mine? wilt thou be that of course, haven't much time we in a coffee eats one coffee when feed shalt the dishes not yet nor wash Thou

at our disposal. So we have to the swine shop. In fact, one of the chief

say—andtelescope leavethat youwhichto findwe outwishmoreto AndBut sitfeedon auponcushionstrawberries,and sew a finesugar,seamand acharmsla carteof ordersthe coffeeare featured,shop is thatand

about these tools which we use to cream. one may order as much or as little

make our ideas and ideals and as he desires. This term has come

thoughts and dreams known to Thus we have words that mean to be used generally throughout others. one thing in their original sense and Europe and Canada and the United

are applied in another sense to

Words, like human beings, have something quite (remember what States as well as among Englishpeoples everywhere. speaking ancestors, inter- A it proves an and that different. means?) word One

if it is coffee serve coffee shop does esting their of to analyze study some that question the usage on of words ordered, be ordered not but it need origins. of these words Some Latterday often bothered fall has some

into bad company; others of them Saints is the usage of the words any more than at a formal dinner

change meaning completely as time tea and coffee in usage other than wines and liquors need be ordered.

goes by. The word village, for inwhen hot drinks are designated. And that brings up another word

stance, has as its first cousin, villain! The common usage of the word tea that has changed meaning within

Vicinity is a greataunt of village; for an afternoon reception has been the past few years. A bar in the

and villancico is a kind of third generally discouraged by Church old days invited raised eyebrows cousin. Oh, you don't know what members. It has been suggested that and shuddering glances. Today we

villancico means? Frankly, neither perhaps the word Friendsmeet have milk bars, blouse bars, snack

did I until I looked for it. It was might substitute for it ( see Era, July bars, and, oh, yes, woe is me, candy

originally a Spanish part song, 1941, p. 420). Since usage is what bars! The words salon and saloon

which accounts for the villa part of determines the meaning of the word, are also illustrative of what we said it; later it developed into a kind of maybe we are making too much of when we mentioned words that fall

cantata or anthem sung in the an issue of it. The word tea for into bad company. A salon today

churches, especially at Christmas this affair does not necessarily mean is something to be respected for the time. that tea is served; it is simply a uplifting entertainment that occurs

The word fine by its actual definiconvenient name for the kind of therein. But a saloon, which was

tion means something quite (and affair at which one calls but does not originally the same, has sunk to the that means entirely! ) different from remain for a great length of time. lowest depths, and only depraved

the way it is used today. If you Unless Latterday Saints want to people would enter

know the nursery rhyme, you will use the more formal name reception there.—M. C. /.

SPIRITUAL HEALTH SOLDIER COMES HOME

By Nona Hansen (Concluded from page 215) cuperation, just as in the physical been found to be a prerequisite to analogy, is slow and often leaves *Tthere is my home just over the hill spiritual and physical health. Yet a permanent disability. P- Down in the valley below,

just house down the block, limits that beare A whitetimbered therewe know operates health of law Just as the poplars grow. 'Round it great

it is to force not wise whichyond so in form, physical the inexorably wise Likewise, it is not leadsthe body. the gate. cobbled from path A realm. to it in will the spiritual operate

its It patterns door; trend to the spiritual theload with more body health by your own Measure this passed, years have makes now the Two

it carry, otherwise properlythan can three, of testimony, size biceps of your a breakdown may occur. This is your uprightness of backbone in beBut home will be just as before.

often evident where willing meming honest with the Lord in tithes 'Twill all be the same, I'm sure it will be a point, to loaded beenbers have broken they down, and and offerings, the capacity of your TheNeatlyhouse,trimmedthe garden,lawns, thethattrees,sweet clover havewhere smell, withstanding a for sudden lungs the oftaking the opposite swing sunshine, the rain, and the trees. The quickness the responsibility, of load often stay frompendulum, away

Church activity altogether for a of your reply when faced with chal- I have come home, back to this house time. All too often, this break belenging opposition. DON'T BE A BackBackto tothe thisgarden,placetheoflawn,my birth,and the trees,

comes permanent, but at best, reSPIRITUAL CRIPPLE! Back to my heaven on earth.

216 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE CHURCH MOVES ON family of nations and the brotherhood of man. (Concluded from page 197) Primary Summer Program Mrs. Delsa Stevens is the chairman

were not plastered or stuccoed until "The Nations Shall Gather Unto of the committee of the general board years later. Zion"is the theme to be used by which is planning this activity.

the Primary Associations in their sumThe wall was primarily constructed mer program for the children of the Red Cross as a makework project for the unemChurch this year. The First Presidency of the Church

ployed, both convert Californiaand in a specially letter prepared read nations will in be The studied the traveler, bound entered the valley who at sacrament meetings 7, asked March chronological same order the esas first during the decade, and needed who the to membership give to the Ameritablishment of the missions the of work. secondary purpose to was A can in their Cross Red drive annual Church, beginning the with American protect tools the and kept equipment for funds to carry their on work Indians, British then Isles, the the on that Square Temple spot when was disaster wherever strikes. national The South Islands, Sea beginning with the industrial its area, the of hub with this year seventyfive million was Tahiti, Scandinavia, the nations and of quota built shops, machine primarily aid to dollars. continental Europe. in the construction of the but Temple,

which were used by the entire comThe general board of the Primary Jordan Valley Welfare Elevator munity. will publish a pamphlet on each of Among the construction work being

these nations to be studied. Children planned as Church welfare projin each Primary will study the customs, ects this summer is a twentyfive thouCzech Missionaries Safe food, music, dress, and folklore of sand bushel grain elevator to be built

All thirtytwo missionaries of the each country. Many of the children on the Jordan Valley Church welfare

Church in Czechoslovakia were will be descendants of converts from property in Murray, Utah. As in the

safe and well at the end of February, the nations outlined. In wards where other welfare projects of this kind,

and their work was progressing as there are children of other national funds were raised, and labor will be usual, President Wallace F. Toronto extractions, those nations will be donated by the membership of the

of the Czech Mission cabled immedistudied. All in all it should give the stakes of the region, which comprises

ately following the communist coup. children a better understanding of the the southern part of Salt Lake County.

MISSIONARIES MISSIONARY ENTERING THE Smith, Tennyson Derrel Judd, HOME D. Marion Clark, W. Eleventh row: Call, Glenn Howard LaVor Hansen, 14, 4, 1948 DEPARTINGJANUARY Fausett, William JANUARY AND Junior Robert Zundel. M. L. Rex Anderson, Gaylen Harmon, Clisbee Lyman, Sixth T. Tueller, row: L. Daren Ronald Holland, Dilworth Ellis Lyman, Edgar Eldredge, Clarence M. left first right, to Reading row: Allen from Dale Dean Compton, Lee Nessen, Robbins, Reed Bruce W. Townsend, O. Dwayne Hansen, Paul Calder, H. LawEgbert, Hardy, Loren Herbert Neils Pedersen, Roy R. Lovell, Paul P. Washburn, Mitchell, David John rence D. Williamsen.

Alfred R. Jackson, Asael Irven H. Boyce, Lund HenScowcroft, M. Gilbert Oppie, Gerald Blau, K. W. Twelfth row: C. Melvin Clark, Jr., Rossrie, G. Viehweg, Elisha Evans, Glen Nixon, James Bert W. A. Glen Mildenhcll, Gordon Moses. Glen H. Walker, S. Lee Fairbanks, V. Geary, L. ThomasGarner, Francis Peck, D. Dale Haight. J. Willis Seventh row: Southam, Kenneth M. How- J. Miller, Norman C. Aldon Johnson, Barrus, LaMar Second Willard row: Whipple, R. H. Carard, Wayne Waterfall, E. Roger M. Lawrence Smith, Richard T. Phares Jr., Horman, K. Miles, John Lowell Polatis. L.don, B. Shirley Vern Coleman, Randall, Evelyn D. Jensen, G. Alder, Reo C. Calvin Pendleton, Edgar

B. director; Left Cotton,Wood, Don wing: Hansen, LaJune Jean Gardner, M. Barrett, Jr., A. Gwynn W. Hansen, B. W. Robert E. Forsgren, Glenn Manning,

J. IraWilliams, Hill Edna Leila Phelps, Malan, O. Parker, T. Dale Tingey, Darwin George Pate, Richard David Wender. H. W. W. Asay,

Taylor. F.W. Edward Ellsworth. Eighth row: Charles Arthur Barneck, Alfred William Hansen, Glenn C. Rowland, Allan Clark, Paul Third Thirteenth row: Marvin Christeen row: Romney, Hammond, T. James Shirley, Butler, Dale H.

J. Spence Bankhead, Blake, Verdon L. James B. Johnson, Stephen Measom, Nelson,Veora Joan Ostler, Petersen, Ruby Margaret C. Powell, Gene Eldon N. Durham, Buttle, Gerald E. William Buchanan, Daryl R. E. DeGraff, Dalling, GeorgeVan Dalling, ShumDavid Annie W. Thomas Brown, Franklin L. Randall, Robert H. way. S.Ralph Scadden, Parkinson, Francis Dupaix, Verl Ray Dean H. W. Malmberg, Mervin Myers, M. HerNinth row: Norville Craven, J. Madison Moffat,Westover, Betty Lewis. Elzene W. man Jr. Baumann,

Peter H. Jr., Oostendorp, Van Ida Marshall, Barbara Fourth R. Edith Wirick, Elizabeth row: Edward Fourteenth row: Donald V. Warner, Clawson, E Ralph Carl D. Wahlquist, Ray Williams, Elmer LouiseKnighton, Earl H. Hussey, Mary Reed Zemp, Anderson, Ricks, Billie Mark B. Badger, Eugene Clarence Higgins, Merle Delore Sasser, William Stew- A. A. Melvin RobertTownsend, Foote, Hammond, Jay Simpson, Dale H. Olsen, L. Marvin art Jacobson, Newbold, G. Fillmore, W. Shields, Theron W.Bennett Stanfill, Lindsay, Johnson, Jed Elwood M. W. Snell Olsen, Ross W. Westover, Bert Calvin 6. Wride. Quinney,

E. E.Fred Scott Kenneth Holmstrom, Skousen, M. James V. Allen, Joel Martineau. Tenth row: Richard Lorrin Sisam, C. RichardHardy. Baker, Malcolm Leon Walters, Fifteenth Reintjes, Paul row: C. Dean Argyle, Allan Almond, Lee Fifth Millicent R. Stewart, Stewart, row: E. Otto Robert Clayton, John Jeppson, H. Faldmo, Lloyd, W. (right wing), E.Gam P. Howell Newman, GuyMerritt Frisby, Eliza A. H. Norton, Norton, Claude LeRoy Despain, H. Buhler, Herman N. Cloyd Glade George Chamberlain, Carl Arnell Anderson, Grant (local Frisby, H.Orlene missionary) lona V. Housley. Houston Myrthen Christensen, James Arthur Middleton.

APRIL 1948 217 MULEK

By J. N. WASHBURN

SYNOPSIS tain day after a long absence, his Mulek examined this article and

MULEK loved Zarahemla, the city where anger rose as she smiled at him, that item, then lost himself in conhis forefathers ruled, although he could certain that her possessiveness was templation of an exquisite flower.

the strange dwelling frequently help onnot increasing beyond his power to en- "Was it not your daughter who the country thatevents from had changed a kingdom to a republic, ruled now by dure it. was here when last I was in?"The

judges. Mulek mocked the priests of the "Where have you been this long question was as casual as an inquiry

rebel Amalickiah,church and thought of the winning time?"she inquired. about the state of the weather. powers anda man of tremendous

manners, who had caused a rupture in the "I have been busy,"he told her. "Yes,"replied Jacob, "it was my

country. Moroni, young chief captain of "There is much to do in these disdaughter Zorah."

Nephites, taken the armies had of the his turbed times.""I do not see her here today."banner, it into a namcloak and madeown

ing it the Title of Liberty, and calling on "What is it disturbs my Mulek?""She is visiting my brother in the

all to himrise to its defense. Mulek found she asked then. "Is it the thought city of Mulek."

self he with jealousy. Before consumed

could join with Amalickiah, he received a that the Sarah might be beaten by "You have two brothers in Muto to home. her note the Sarah come from GullV lek, not?"do you so that be he she drugged would There him could not help laughing. Mulek

rebelin joining the the folly kept of one, from "But Amram, the boatcom- such thoroughly good She waslion. king Amalickiah, the Lamanof now maker."

great oath a ites, raged and swore an engaging against pany, such young encourageverywhere, wentMoroni, who "You may sell me this flower, if at that regret he had some people. woman, ing, instructing, pleading with the will."you for do. he must what the moment fortresses, repaired strengthenedMoroni

cities, soldiers. built walls, and recruited And with that the interview the discussed coming they When

first to Moroni, trying followed At Mulek could not ended. contest Laban, Sarah with projsupporting adulation Moroni's win by

ects. Always in the back of his mind there refrain from smiling in appreciation

the rankled Sarah thought of what for the near, the day race drew paid havAs her in had of the compliment in belittled sight the done, she him had how in there circles talk sporting was sides glistening ing her name on the servants. she the saved though had Even of

him from public censure, he must find some of his superb craft. She asked herof little else. It is true that most of

way to humble her and win back his self, as she had done many times the people were more deeply and prestige.

before, when he would do her a still immediately concerned with the

Chapter IV greater honor, the greatest within presence of the Lamanites in the his power, and she became wistful land, the approach of Amalickiah

Dissembling masterfully, Mulek at the very thought of it. along the eastern coast. However,

continued to see Sarah, treating When at last Mulek departed the more serious a people's situaher with all his old deference from Sarah, it was as all his other tion, the greater is the need for and tenderness, taking care to let departings had been. Not by word some form of relaxation. Thus the

her feel that nothing had come beor expression did he indicate that interest in the forthcoming contest tween them. Sarah wisely refrained he was other than the devoted was widespread, more so than in

from mention of the part she had adorer he had been. times of peace, for there had been

played in keeping him from his enOne day, prompted by a vagrant little diversion in recent months.

gagement with the conspirators. whim, he made his way to the busiWhen the big day came, the river

But when he went to her on a cerness establishment of Jacob, the banks were lined with eager and apothecary. Arrived there, he adexcited people. From Zarahemla on

mired the flowers and plants, the the west side, and other cities even stocks of medicines. He complifarther away, and from Gideon on

mented the master on his good judgthe east they swarmed to the spot ment and management, on the size to see the entertainment. Rich and

of his business. poor were there, soldier and civilian,

"It is true,"admitted Jacob modmen, women, and children. The

estly, "that I have much to do. The princely sum staked on the race was

government keeps me busy supplyalone sufficient to stimulate the ining medicines and unguents for the terest of many who found nothing armies. In normal times,"the good in the affair as a sporting event.

man continued, "I have, of course, For others it was holiday enough less to do, but I am able to get merely to see the way the more foralong."tunate were decked out.

218 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1 H'lX'ffJiiiiltiiiiiIffllimHHM Hiiiriiifein num. irtiiii*aji tfllill

it*> m III(M 111i: ii)r.!?\\!r.liamIsaUBIHA.I!\\

9 SSSSsi:.;;

"i:If r* *.!22:???""! 'mm

-SHagft:2v-

..'-A(i**

*w*s

On the western bank, in the shade Indeed, there was little to choose take off on delicate wings into the of a clump of fine trees, the seats between them. Laban's was the air. In the midst of deafening apwere placed, and they were full. newer and perhaps somewhat more plause and noisy cheering she took

Other thousands of people lingered trim, but Mulek was the more exthe lead and maintained it to the here and there, lining the river, perienced sailor. Moreover, he finish.

swarming into the adjacent forest. knew every whim and caprice of his Then almost at once the thunderMany were swimming or paddling beauty. ous acclaim died away. By contrast

about in small boats; others chatted, Long before the spectators were with the moment before, the one

picnicked, or simply moved around able to distinguish one from the that followed was like the silence of while waiting for the big event of other, their interest began to mount. death. The silence lasted only a

the day. Shouts, cries, jibes, wagers, jeers, moment, however, before it was

The race was to be run over a cheers, and promises were thrown gone in a tempest of conversation gleaming stretch of silent river, a about everywhere. The friends and and speculation.

straight piece of silver water movbackers of the contestants were loud Every spectator was staring, ing slowly in the direction of the and loyal, if not fair or considerate. doubting the evidence of his senses.

city of Mulek on the eastern coast. It was a merry crowd. Laban was suddenly forgotten; the

The distance was a halfday's jourGall might as well not have existed.

ney for a Nephite, from the starting "pOR nearly an hour the boats glided Mulek himself was for a moment point to the finish line where the gaily, now one ahead, now the quite unimportant, but his vessel spectators were assembled. other, often side by side if not nose was the object of every glance.

In a favored place the elect were to nose. At length they came into Mulek was smiling and proud. He

gathered, and in the midst of them, sight, breasting the lazy waves had lost his race and his ten thouradiant and resplendent, was Sarah, proudly. Mulek was in the lead. sand senines, but he had won his

fully justifying, in clothes of the His gay colors proclaimed his idenpoint and redeemed his pride. For

brightness of the tropical birds, all tity. Laban, however, had some on the damp sides of his beautiful

the adulation she received. The tricks held in reserve. No mean boat there stood out, not the name

crowd made a brilliant splotch of antagonist, when it began to look as Sarah, but Zorah.

color against the dark background if he were beaten, he began pushing In her place among the select of the wilderness. forward. Faster and faster went the ones, surrounded by thousands,

The boats were well matched. Gull till it seemed she was about to {Continued on page 220)

APRIL 1948 219 MUM OF ZARAHEMLA (Continued from page 219) more on his mind that morning, he Mulek seemed in no hurry to

Sarah sat alone. Her face, at first would have enjoyed just looking leave. He showed a sudden interest

scarlet with shame, became white, as about. in furniture, and well he might since

the color drained from it, and drawn Amram was pleased with the everything in the house had been with pain. She simply sat, speechname if not with the man. To have made by the master himself. Mulek

less, certain of what she saw, yet such a one for a customer was as had never seen anything better. He

wholly unconvinced. Around her good as to be made; it would be the passed from room to room, exwere her own people, now strangers beginning of a rush to his place. claiming over this article, examining

all. In their faces were delight, inEven with the tide of government that, praising still another. At last

credulity, sardonic humor, and perbusiness, he could still use some he found her.

haps a measure of pity. There was good orders, and then, of course, the Mulek started when he saw her

little friendliness. When one played time would come again sooner or and could hardly believe the evi-

a game, one must take a chance. later when all this easy government dence of his eyes. Was this selfSarah's heart was sick and desolate. money would be gone, when a man possessed young woman the blushwould have to rely again on himing girl of the herb shop? She apHpHE city of Mulek, on the eastern self in a competitive world. peared taller. Her complexion was

shore, at the mouth of the "I desire a boat,"the young man clear; her features, exquisite; her

Sidon, was an old city; indeed, it began, looking over models and feet, small and firmly planted; her

was so old that it was almost wholly stock. hands, long and delicately tapering.

new. Its original structures of wood "What sort of boat do you wish?"It was like Mulek thus to anatomize;

were nearly all gone, and new build- "That, good sir, I do not know. I he was a specialist in such things.

their places stone of had taken ings that fastonly it must be fast, know beautiful! she Moreover, She was

rich jewel, like a city looked till the craft that er than other any ever faced the calm conthe with world cut and polished. sailed our waters."fidence of a mature person. Mulek

One of the finest of its newer "A fast boat,"replied Amram, was entranced and told himself, adornaments was a palatial building, and he chuckled. Yes, it was true when at last he was able to think,

facing both the sea and the river. It that Mulek did have need of a fast that she was ravishing.

was of white stone that reflected the boat, one that would be faster, at When they spoke courteously restless water as the water mirany rate, than the onetime Sarah. and distantly to each other, the man rored the more substantial structure. "Can you build such a vessel?"the was more confused. who He at of "I have the model home one of the homes of Mulek my It was usually talked facility with such

will that run a boat from the away Zarahemla. of now discovered that his tongue

One day Mulek took up his resiwind."could play him tricks.

dence there, with such servants as "At your home?"Mulek warmed asked her a few commonplace He all inside. ever over you "Have stay. for short a need he would He questions. family her reported He it?"like built one established. quickly became well. as being told of the He It is of man. one "Nay, young his confollowing days, In those father. of prosperity her thanked He but the things about dreams a man in realtest Laban, with which was his for attention. courteous Amram to see. expects are few never There his in contest ity episode last the It escaped. he Then nothing was a afford vessel as such can who unsettled, Sarah, was Mulekwith flight. less than this."

in restless indisturbed mind and well rather had to maneuvered He at this us "Let see once go and to pursuits he which hadbody. The girl the see once more, he and now marvel."flavorwere accustomed nowbeen

to colrunning her from was away "If the time."can spare you point. without seeminglyless and lect his thoughts. indirect Her and interest,"foremost said "My Mueffort in activities an tried manyHe different attitude quite toward him lek, "is is to boat. get a not Time zest he the had of findto some him. unmanned appeared She had not important."he but was known,formerly in least not the impressed with his to gave craftsman orders The pleased successful. Nothingvery his either his or person. name staff for the the busiof conduct nothing charm; nothing hadhim;

seemed important. It was for this ness during his absence, and the Once more in command of himreason that he moved his establishtwo set off. self, he felt a heightening of that

expectancy he had experienced upon as to Mulek, Zarahemla fromment inwalk. a long not Tt was Once leaving father's her place a few days to do as deemed it prudent hesoon side house, while he Amram's before, an expectancy that did muchso. his roving kept the eyes all about to restore his oldtime enthusiasm,

Early the next morning he prehouse, Mulek did not require any if not his oldtime complacency.

sented himself at the factory of time at all to make up his mind

Amram, the boatmaker, his mind set about the boat. He gave an order In the quiet of his great house by

on achieving two purposes with one at once, an order that threw the the blue expanse of the sea Mulek visit. builder into ecstasy, not alone beset about the planning of one of the

Only a glance was sufficient to cause of the amount of money instrangest courses he had ever satisfy him that the man knew his volved, but also because of the joy planned, the winning of a woman.

business. Mulek was a master hand he would derive from the executing Life was looking better once more.

at his craft. Had he had nothing of it. ( To be continued )

220 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FROMiif TEMPLE By RICHARD L. EVANS

world that a man can enjoy without course, there are those who would only is helpful in his explain that prayer of mind, peaceLvit; /4w5tice, and peace—peace

effect If psychological of the thoughts? heart, and quiet we because

eace think someone is "getting away"it has upon the one who prays with something, it is because we see rather than because of any help

Cometimes we see people who only part of the picture. And if we that comes from any outside source.

seem to be "getting away"with could see the complete picture, we Let all who desire to do so take violations of law, violations of conwouldn't want any part of it, even such comfort as they can in this science, violations of every code of if there were no hereafter, no great cold rationalization. But the kind of

right conduct. Often they seem to Judge of all men, no eternal justice prayer that most helps a man to

is. But we walk through difficulties and unenjoy the fruits of their false living—all of. which there

and false dealing. And we may don't have to wait that long. What certainties with comfort and confiwonder in our hearts when blind men do constantly becomes part of dence is that prayer in which he

justice is going to open her eyes them. In Antony's oration, Shakeknows that he is talking to his

and do something about it. But the speare said: "The evil that men do Friend and Father in heaven even

reason we feel this way is because lives after them."1 But to this there as he would talk to his father on

we see only part of the picture. If could be added an even greater earth. To pray is not as if one were

we knew what went on inside a man truth: "The evil that men do lives to call into a cavern, to hear only

who isn't straight with himself, we with them."the return of his own voice, the echo

wouldn't trade places with him here—February 1, 1948. of his own hopes. To pray is rather

or hereafter for all he apparently enlike the quiet communion of friends joys. A few questions on this point who speak to each other with undermay be convincing: Do you think J-'rauer and standing, even when they don't

any man enjoys peace who has unaudibly utter all that comes to mind.

justly taken what he has from vance We may surround ourselves with all others? Do you think any man enthe material comforts that this world

joys peace who knows that other Tt is good to be selfreliant and to has to offer. We may live our lives

men have just cause for hating him? feel within ourselves the power to within a circle of congenial friends.

Do you think any man enjoys peace make our lives conform to the blueWe may be blessed with the warm who has pursued his own pleasure prints of our dreams and worthy kinship of a devoted family. But

in violation of principles he knows ambitions. But there are times when there are times when all of us need

to be true? Do you think any man all of us are confronted with circomfort and consolation, counsel

enjoys peace who is leading a cumstances and situations which are and understanding beyond all these, double life, who is deceiving those beyond our power to control or and beyond our own personal to whom he owes loyalty and faithunderstand, for which we must seek powers. And there is no loneliness

ful performance or who is trying to help and answer beyond ourselves. so great as the loneliness of a man

serve two masters, one of which is There are times when life deals who, in his time of need, cannot incompatible with the other? Do roughly with us. And at such times pray with confidence that he is beyou think any man enjoys peace men who have learned to pray ing heard. It is good to be in comwho has broken a law and wonders who have made an earnest practice munication with a source of help at

when the consequences are going to of it—find comfort and courage and all times, rather than desperately to

catch up with him? Do you think confidence beyond their own grope for it only in emergencies. It

any man enjoys peace who has constrength and understanding. Of is good to know a friend in times

tributed to the downfall or degradaof peace and prosperity so that we tion of anyone else, no matter what may not be strangers at the door in profit or passing pleasure there has times of urgent need.

been in it for him? And, a final—February 8, 1948.

question: What is there in th 'Revised from Unto the Hills and This Dag

and Always1Julius Caesar, Act III, Scene II. {Continued on page 222)

Copyright, 1948

H eardwidefromradiothenetwork"crossroadsthroughof thekslwest"and thewith columbiathe salt lakebroadcastingtabernaclesystemchoireveryand sundayorgan overat 11:30a nation-a.m.

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

APRIL 1948 221

THE SPOKEN WORD

{Continued from page 221) become part of the public parade: limitations of the powers that have

Be what the publicity you present, been entrusted to them by others.

fubiicltu and J-abuc or permit, says you are. Should we We are deeply grateful that Amerinot say to everyone, publicly and ca has had such men as George

MccepLrccepvance privately, ourselves included: Be Washington who served his counwhat you seem to be. Be what you try with all that he had when it

would have others think you are, desperately needed his services, andjVAany men and many movements, and don't depend upon publicity to yet who refrained from holding on many reputations and many make the surface cover the subto excessive power and privilege public and private ventures are stance. even when he could have done so.

made and unmade by desirable or—February 15, 1948. And we are grateful to him for reundesirable publicity. And since stating this timeless truth: that no

publicity and propaganda so inman who has been granted a temtimately affect our lives and since \AJashinaton—and the porary jurisdiction should be perthe personalities who are in the mitted to presume that he has acpublic so parade become much a rv(i5iA,6e of quired a permanent power. U and thinking,part of the pattern of our

it may be well to look for a moment wr and J-nuileQi—February 22, 1948.

at the part publicity plays: It is

is for course, people rememquite of ("Ieorge Washington common, [-resent [robleind and pictoto paint be nuemployed word too bered for many things tures of other people to suit every merous to mention, but among them rmpodant f-'rinciplespassing purpose. Many titles, earned is this: That he was one of the

and unearned, have been created for men of history who declined to as- 'T'b QUOTE an expressive comment:

publicity purposes for people who sume all the power that was prof- "If you want to forget your were bidding for public approval. fered him. This is not unique, other troubles, wear a pair of shoes

Indeed an able campaign of publicity perhaps, but certainly it would be that pinch."It would seem that we

can put out impressions for public safe to say that it is unusual. And often permit immediate annoyances

consumption that can create almost in his farewell address he indicated to divert our attention from things any effect in the minds of people his attitude on this and on other that are much more important. A

who are not otherwise informed. important principles. We commend toothache, for example, can seem to

But there are some things publicity the reading of Washington's Farebe about the most important thing in can't do, as well as some things it well Address to every American the world to the man whose tooth is can do. Publicity may promote and to every man who loves his aching. This, no doubt, is natural,

public acceptance, but it can't freedom and wants to keep it. but there is danger in it if we merely

change qualities of character. PubGeorge Washington had an inlook for ways to relieve the symplicity may paint a glowing picture, timate insight into the uses and toms rather than correct the condibut it can't create talent where it abuses and excesses of authority. tion that caused them. There are

doesn't exist, nor wisdom where it He lived in a day when his people many other aspects of this question isn't to be found. Publicity may paid a great price for the principles Sometimes when we have an annoymagnify the stature of a man in the by which they preferred to live. ing ailment that hasn't yet yielded

public eye, but it cannot magnify And he saw men die who could have to the common cures, we come to the man in his essential attributes. lived if they had been willing to the point where we are willing to

Publicity may smooth over the surcompromise those principles. He try almost any treatment, good or

face, but it doesn't change the subknew that men must exert thembad. But in our determination to

stance of things not seen. And reselves for the rights and privileges dispose of an immediate annoyance

gardless of what things are made to they want to protect and that many we must not forget the possibility of seem to be, "seeming"and "being"people have lost many things they doing permanent damage or of overaren't the same thing. Merely saythought they had, by indolence and looking more important things.

ing something is so doesn't make it indifference. He also knew the disSometimes when we are troubled

so. And this is true whether we are position of men to exceed their aswith an unanswered question, we

trying to tear a man down or build signed authority. And he knew become impatient to the point of achim up. And so whenever we atthat temporary powers and privicepting any plausible answer, right

tempt to appraise publicity and publeges are often assumed to be peror wrong. Impatient overemphasis

lic pronouncement, we should conmanent powers and privileges. It on immediate annoyances has often

sider the source and the purpose, was evident in his day, and long caused men to follow those who and not be too quick in judgment before, that men need to be reoffer any allegedly easy way out in either direction, for things aren't minded that authority which has no matter where it ultimately leads.

always what they seem. When we been delegated by others is not This was the mistake Esau made.

buy goods and commodities, we their own. It is true that initiative He solved an immediate problem in

legally demand that they be what must not be snuffed out. To be efwhat seemed to be an easy way,

the label says they are. Should we fective publicly or privately, men and lost his birthright in doing it.

ask less of people? Or should we must use their initiative. But to be He satisfied an appetite and served

not say to everyone who chooses to safe they must also respect the (Concluded on page 236) 222 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA s

by J. Rulon Hales, and by actual

photographs. It deals with antecedents

results the buffalo time the from and paths, other animals broke wild and TIHI JL kS GWZStWfc'foltrappers, Indians followed and by lowed by the "first wheels"that

THE FOUNDING OF AN EMPIRE the world's finest collection of the kind. touchedwill add thefurthertrail. interestThis briefto a brochurecolorful

(Dr. Leland Hargrave Creer, head of It is a treasure house for all who are chronicle that has moved ever westHistory Department, University of interested in Ancient America. It repward into the Great Basin, and beyond,

Utah. Bookcraft, Salt Lake City. resents years of loving labor on the along the highways of American his1947. xviii454pp. $5.00.) part of the compilers. tory.- R. L. E.

HP/ie Founding of an Empire, written To Book of Mormon readers it is by Dr. Leland Hargrave Creer, is of special interest. The basic claim DOSTOEVSKY

the story of one of the most colorful of the book is that great civilizations (Janko Lavrin. Macmillan Company,

and romantic epochs in the history of existed on the American continents New York. 1947. 161 pages. $2.00.)

the great West. Its focal center is before the Norsemen or Columbus. A HPhis careful analysis of the genius of

Utah, embracing the period from 1776 century of research has amply conDostoevsky is a worthy addition to 1856. It is divided into two parts. firmed this claim. This beautiful and to the critical evaluation of authors.

The first 1 88 pages tell the story of the excellent book places within reach of This study is particularly gripping precolonial period of Utah history. all, learned and unlearned, young and since the author recognizes the unusual!

They discuss the earliest recorded acold, the evidences confirming this claim qualities in Dostoevsky that made hiro tivities of white men in this region of the Book of Mormon. The book one of the best writers who deal with

the Spanish missionaryexplorers, folis a worthy successor of the author's the peculiarities of the abnormal mind.

lowed successively by the Spanish Grandeur of Ancient America and Quoting liberally from Dostoevsky'slave traders, the American fur traders Empires of South America, both now works, Professor Lavrin indicates and trappers, the government explorout of print. -—/. A. W. Dostoevsky's own great struggle to aters, surveyors, itinerant travelers, and tain an absolute knowledge that there

the homeseeking emigrant en route to THE OVERLAND TRAIL is a God and what his attitude is toOregon and California. Part Two tells (Jay Monaghan. The BobbsMerrill wards the world and the people whom

the story of the rise of Mormonism and Company, New York. 1947. he created.—M, C. /.

the founding of an empire by the faith431 pages. $3.75.)

ful Saints in the barren desert region HThe author is the distinguished State THE PEARL of the Rocky Mountains. The remainHistorian of Illinois, and also the (John Steinbeck. The Viking Press,

der of the book contains four helpful general editor of the American Trail New York. 1947. 122 pages. $2.00.)

appendixes, a selected bibliography, Series, of which this volume is one. "Deautifully written, this story of

and a comprehensive index. He defines the Overland Trail as "a life in a little Mexican town beDr. Creer treats his subject with an general term for the northcentral route comes symbolic of life throughout the

unbiased but favorable attitude. The of migration to the Pacific Ocean."world—when the love of riches crowds

work is historically accurate. Much of With sound scholarship and an unout the simple ways of living. It is a

the material has been drawn from origiusually interesting pen the story of the real pleasure to recommend this alnal sources, giving a newness to the trail is told from the eighteenth cenlegory for thoughtful reading, since it subject and an increased perspective. tury mariners who touched America's has been impossible to recommend

The author's style is lucid and vivid. western shores, to the coming of the some of Steinbeck's other books. This

The book is a commendable contributranscontinental railroad. Between author writes with power, but too often

tion and will make a valuable addition these points lies one of the world's the protagonists he chooses are not to private libraries. Also, it should be most interesting stories of discovery, worthy of his ability. M. C. J.

of great worth as a reference book in exploration, human failures, and conthe state public schools and in the uniquests, and the final victory of man THE AMERICAN CITIZENS versities throughout the land. The over his surroundings. It is a history, HANDBOOK

author is to be commended for producbut a readable history, into which are (Arranged by Joy Elmer Morgan. The

ing a history of such merit. Milton R. woven the picturesque personalities of National Education Association of

Hunter. the West. The book can be read with the U. S Washington 6, D.C.

equal success by the scholar or around 637 pages.)

THE AMERICAS BEFORE the family fireside. There are twenty- '"Phis is an essential book to be in the

COLUMBUS two full page illustrations and four hands of any forwardlooking be- ( Dewey and Edith Wood Farnsworth, maps to interest and help the reader. liever in democracy. Stimulating stories

compilers. Farnsworth Publishing—/. A. W. and facts, interesting poems and littleCompany, El Paso Texas, 1947. known items will prove of great value

1 76 pages ( quarto ). Fabrikoid MORMON TRAIL to the student of liberty and freedom.

of Pioneers Leatherette$5.00. Pathway $7.50.) Who—M. C. J. Deserts Blossom is a sumptuous volume in printMadeHPhis

ing, binding, illustrations, and con- (Howard R. Driggs. Published under SONS AND DAUGHTERS OF

tents. There are reproduced in the book Sponsorship, American Pioneer PIONEERS IN UTAH VALLEYS

over three hundred photographs of eviTrails Association, New York (Ed. M. Rowe. Published by the

dences of large and welldeveloped City. 95 pages. $1.00.) author. 1947. 12 pages.)

civilizations in ancient America, North T Tere is another brief and colorful *"Phe author's centennial poem gives and South. Along with illustrations contribution from the pen of one its title to this collection of poetry

are brief informative quotations from of America's bestinformed men on that is on patriotic and Church history eminent students of American preearly trails. The volume is attractivesubjects. A. L. Z., Jr.

history and archeology. It is probably ly illustrated, both with pen sketches (Concluded on page 255)

APRIL 1948 223 mxtwx

air, which gives it sunshine. Unless that rooting is

Many Happy Returns to President secure, the plant will languish and die. As it pushes

its way toward life, it must learn adaptation to its George Albert Smith surroundings. Adaptation again is not a matter of

rapid change, but rather a question of accurate J.eorge Albert Smith, President of the Church testing and weighing and deciding. Growth is thus

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, celebrates as and, procedure, steady slow, when hastened, a his birthday anniversary on April 4th. Congratulait is results in a means, sometimes by artificial

tions and loving greetings go out to him from all beautiful, more intense, but also a shorter span of the people of the Church and from a multitude of life.

friends of many faiths and lands.

There has always radiated from him a spirit of To Latterday Saints growth in belief should be love for God and for all men, the love which is a slow, steady process. Each should strive to plant

the foundation principle of the gospel, upon which only good seeds. As teachers, as parents, as memthe happiness of the world is built. This radiant bers of the Church we should weigh and consider

every thought and action in order to select carefuldevotion to the higher service of all mankind has endeared him ly only the best that we want to give tendance, both to all who have met him or in ourselves and in those whom we direct. Those

known him. Peace has followed seeds of life are found in the Bible, the Doctrine

and Covenants, the Pearl of Great Price, and the him wherever he has gone;

thorny paths have been easy to Book of Mormon; they are found in the direction

tread through his love. and counsel given us by the General Authorities of

in the of admonitions they lie our ward the Church; he have happy many May the through they stake officers; come to us and reand in full health this day, of turns

and strength. inspiration that we are entitled to receive for ourFather in answer to selves our Heavenly from to the prophcalled are Men GEORGE ALBERT SMITH prayer. constant sincere, humble,

office of the etic of President

Church through inspiration from God. The call But the choice of seeds does not end the matter;

does not come by chance, or merely by attaining they must be tended lest they wither and die. They

seniority in the councils of the Church. There must be watered with genuine kindliness; they

must be safeguarded from the weeds of sin and must be fitness in the man, to be placed in the foremost office in God's latterday Church. The idleness and selfishness; they must be cultivated by

burdens of the office are many and great. Let us participation in the activities of the Church

assist by obedience to the divine laws of the kingthrough the various organizations and by partaking dom of God. And, may we daily pray for our of the sacrament. Those who would actually grow

Leader on earth. Then we shall be blessed tomust not passively attend Church; they must ac-

A. W. gether.—/. tively participate, through alert, keen attention to what is said and done, through responding when

requested to lead in discussion, teach classes, offer prayers, and support those who are placed over

The Way of Growth them in ward and stake organizations as well as the General Authorities.

Yesterday travel was a matter of days and Another phase of this growth is inclusiveness weeks—and even months—of arduous trekrather than exclusiveness. Latterday Saints who

king; today it is a matter of minutes or hours would become thoroughly converted to their own

days at the most. In the life of most people on the beliefs must attain an understanding of other

globe today, acceleration, speed, has become the points of view. In this way their own belief bekeynote. Deadlines have become common talk, comes crystallized and secure. In this way they

something by which to measure life. Haste has inbuild for integrity. This integrity will permit the

sidiously wormed its way into every waking mintrue Latterday Saint to welcome honest and honute. Most people feel crowded and pushed, with orable people of different backgrounds from his

the result that life passes by in the strenuous strugown. Through this association he will be enabled

gle for living. to explain his own faith, listen to the beliefs of

The way of growth is unhurried; it is slow and others, and help himself to a greater certainty. He

steady and sure; but it is unhurried. The seed lies has, if he is a true Latterday Saint, the additional

in the ground, dormant, for a time of maturing. opportunity of growth through this association as

Then it pushes its way slowly, more firmly into the well as the opportunity of missionary service by earth which gives it succor, and upward into the giving his message to others.- M. C. J.

224 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

maetices

is saved faster than he gains knowledge."That is

tlie eamnIna of in full harmony with the Mormon definition of cxxu< Wkat A intelligence, for he lays down then the principle rntelii 9evice that law, the product of knowledge, must be obeyed if it shall serve mankind. Knowledge is the open

is door to full intelligence. IN everyday language we say that a person

intelligent who learns easily, comprehends Knowledge cannot be used until it is possessed.

quickly, or is an apt pupil in school. The dicThat places the gathering of knowledge high in the

tionary definition implies that intelligence is "the lives of men who seek intelligence. That explains

faculty of understanding,"or "mental acuteness."the eagerness of the Church for education, throughLatter-day Saints however are obliged by their out life, in schools and by other devices. That exreligious philosophy to extend and expand the orplains also why the Church holds a foremost place

dinary definition of intelligence. To them, intelliin educational circles. It is not for the sake of

gence falls into two parts. First, the possession knowledge alone, but as a means to reach the

of knowledge, and, second, the proper use of larger intelligence required for acceptable active acquired knowledge for human welfare. That is membership in the kingdom of God, that Latterday

a higher intelligence than that based upon readiSaints are seekers after truth.

ness in learning. It pushes intelligence beyond The high position of knowledge in the Church

the field of mere acquisition of knowledge. It has ever been set forth. At the very beginning of the

includes the voluntary act of using knowledge restored Church the Saints were admonished to "rein with harmony the laws of human happiness. told knowledge."later they member were 1 A little2 In discussions of intelligence, Mormon knowing... in knowledge."to "grow they were told Then

and using knowledge are as Siamese twins, fed to "obtain a knowledge of history, and of countries, by the same life stream. and of kingdoms, and of laws of God and man."*

To know how to make dynamite and then to Joseph Smith always urged the Saints to gather use it to destroy human life is an unintelligent procknowledge. His successors in office have spoken

ess; while the use of the explosive to tunnel for against ignorance and in praise of knowledge.

useful minerals is a mark of intelligence. Under this Leaders of the Church have ever urged the people

larger definition also, it may be understood why to gather knowledge.

some men who do exceedingly well in school fail There are of course many kinds of knowledge;

in practical life, while many of lower school standsome of lesser, some of higher value. When

ing become very successful in their life pursuits. A Joseph Smith said that a man cannot be saved in

really intelligent person uses well whatever knowlignorance, he meant naturally ignorance of the edge, however little, he possesses. laws which all together lead to salvation. Such

Knowledge of itself is very dry. It gives scant knowledge is of the highest value. It should be

comfort to the soul of man. It has no life. It is intersought after first. Then other kinds of knowledge

esting to understand how dynamite may be made; may be added to support and amplify the more

but that knowledge becomes alive only when the direct knowledge of spiritual law. For example,

substance is used in blasting the mountainside. It it is a duty of the Church to preach the gospel to

is interesting to know that certain forms of life may all the world. This however requires the aid of

be destroyed by carbolic acid, but that knowledge railroads, steamships, printing presses, and a is of living power only when the corruption in a sore multitude of other things that make up our civilizaon hand or foot is destroyed by the use of the chemition. A knowledge of the gospel is the missionary's

cal. Use makes knowledge blossom into life. Such first need, but the other needs, though lesser, help

intelligence becomes a universal process which him perform better the divine injunction to teach builds the house of joy for man on earth and in the the gospel to all people.

eternities. In the history of the Church it has not been forIn this sense do we understand the famous stategotten to emphasize the proper use of knowledge.

ment in the Doctrine and Covenants that "the glory Such use is commonly spoken of as obedience to of God is intelligence."He, above all, has infinite knowledge and law. Indeed, obedience in the

knowledge; he, above all, fits knowledge into procsense that all knowledge shall be directed to the

esses for man's welfare. His plan of salvation consalvation of man is the very cornerstone of Morsists of knowledge directed into channels for the mon philosophy.* Knowledge must be used for

eternal blessing of humankind. That means the the good of man. Thereby hangs the valuation of

proper and correct use of knowledge to achieve the man as an intelligent being. The leaders of the

high Cov., section. 4 (Concluded on pager a 236)/ destiny of man, declared in the gospel of Jesus 7aDoc. & the Christ. zIbid.. 50:40

Joseph Smith the Prophet declared that "no man *TeachingssIbid.. 93:53of (seethe Prophetalso 88:79)Joseph Smith, p. 217

APRIL 1948 225 a

dren, and are more apt to get caught on clothing.

Use dry pot holders when handling pots and pans.

Pressure cookers and canners are great conveniences and timesavers, but they must be handled with care and exactly according to let's Avoid Home Accidents manufacturers'instructions. This

Nearly Four Times as Many Disabling Injuries Result from Home is so important that if the directions

Accidents as from Motor Vehicle Accidents. Home Accidents Cost are lost the user should write to

the Nation $600,000,000 in 1945. the manufacturer for duplicate instructions. A pressure cooker may

be hazardous when improperly used.

IN THE KITCHEN mediately. See if the pilot light is

burning. Use a flashlight to look

is the dangerKnives most kitchen

If leak. for locate the cannot youThe especially in house, the ous room doors open all windows and and size correct '"The and type to it, children. for them Teach

If call qualified service the a man. for each should be used the stove; if posstay from ofjob—knife away large, get the leak out of seems fruits for knife small paring and sible, prewhile out them keep you immediately. house for knife large a vegetables and for meals. a playpenpare Provide

babies, and tasks such as setting If you have a coal burning range, slicing bread and carving meat. At

the table for the sixyear and older adjust the dampers so that the all times attention should be fochildren. deadly carbon monoxide gas will cused on the work being done, and

carried the chimney. off through be fingers out should guiding kept be fat frying, in deep To avoid burns kitchen, ventilated should be The of of the blade. the path Cut away the food to bethoroughly dry

cooked; water in hot grease makes while cooking is in progress. from the body. A guard on the

the grease spit. When grease Keep the floor clean of slippery handle of large knives will help to

smokes, it is too hot for safety or substances such as grease, spilled prevent the finger from sliding onto for best cooking results. Every water, and fruit peelings. Tack the blade when cutting material

housewife should know how to put linoleum flat. that requires pressure. Sharp

out a grease fire. A grease fire may knives of all sizes are safer than

be put out either by putting a cover dull ones; they do not require as

on the pan or by sprinkling baking much pressure to do their work and, soda or salt generously on the therefore, do not slip as easily when grease. Never put water on flaming being used.

grease. Any stove with an open Sharp knives should be washed

flame should be 12 to 18 inches by themselves, not handled along from the window, but if it isn't, with other utensils. They should be

fasten the curtains securely. placed in the dishpan or sink with

The floor and other combustible all handles together, all blades surfaces within 18 inches of wood pointed in the same direction. Each

or coal burning ranges should be knife should be dried separately, insulated. Never start a fire with holding the sharp edge away from

gasoline or kerosene. the hand using the towel. Kitchen

Kitchen Utensils and Tools or other sharpedged knives should All shelves should be within be kept in slotted racks, either on reach. But if they are not, use a T/"itchen utensils, hand tools and the wall or in drawers. They should

sturdy stepladder with wide treads. other regularlyused nonelectric never be stored loose in a drawer

Makeshift arrangements, such as equipment, while perfectly safe with other utensils.

chairs or tables, should never be when correctly used, can become used for climbing. hazards when improperly used and

Scissors Before leaving the kitchen for cared for.

any length, of time, pull out the Pans should be flatbottomed and Ccissors should be handed with plugs of portable electrical appliwell-balanced so that they will not blades together and the handle ances. tip easily. Handles should be of toward the person receiving them.

Keep matches in noninflammable material which transmits heat slowly, Eye accidents, cuts, and stabs are containers where children cannot and should be rigid and firmly often due to running with sharp reach them. attached. pointed scissors or tossing them to

Immediately place broken glass or Pots and pans on the stove should other persons. When scissors are

crockery in a discarded box or can be placed with their handles turned not in use, they should be kept with a cover, and wrap it in heavy away from the edge of the stove but closed and in a case or box; or hung

paper before placing it in the rubnot projecting over other burners. securely from a wall hook. Keeping

bish container. Whenever you smell When the handles project, they are a cork on the tip is a good safety

escaping gas, turn off burners immore easily accessible to small chilpractice.

226 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Josephine B. Nichols

Favorite Recipes Featuring Eggs and Cheese

"VSZhen eggs and cheese are plentiful, it is well to serve them often in a variety of ways. They contain valuable vitamins, minerals, and high quality protein that are needed by the

body for growth and good health.

Creole BeanCheese Casserole

\ x/2 cups dried limas Y teaspoon salt cup chopped onion 2 tablespoons kitchen fat 134 cups canned tomatoes 1 teaspoon chili powder Yt teaspoon salt 1 cup grated American cheese

Soak limas in warm water three hours or overnight. Add Yi teaspoon salt; simmer

until boil) tender; (do not drain. Cook This is the Fable of Mrs. Gray

chili until soft. in fatonion Add tomatoes,

powder, and Yi teaspoon salt. Cook until and the WASHDAY REBELLION

slightly thickened. Alternate layers of

in greased sauce,beans, tomato and cheese Mrs. Gray was a careful housekeeper—except on WASHDAY. casserole. in moderateonequart oven Bake

(350 F.) thirty minutes. Any SOAP, real or imitation, that made SUDS suited her....

(Continued on page 240) When neighbors whispered, "TATTLETALE GRAY,"she wasn't worried.

Even when best friends mentioned FELSNAPTHA SOAP, she ignored them....

Can Openers The safest can opener is one with One day Mrs. Gray hung out her HALFCLEAN WASH and went

revolving motion that folds inside to REST. Suddenly she looked out the window

under the sharp, freshly cut edge. and was HORRIFIED!... she was being PICKETED! Her neglected

When the common type of can clothes demanded BETTER WASHING CONDITIONS!

opener is used, the can should be held firmly, supported on the table. Mrs. Gray hustled the INDIGNANT PICKETERS down to the LAUNDRY.

Special care should be exercised so for some COLLECTIVE BARGAINING. Then she flew to the phone.

that the can does not slip as the Ordered LOTS and LOTS of FELSNAPTHA. In a RUSH....

jagged edges of the can are turned up by this type of opener. In opening cans, such as meat or sardine Next day Mrs. Gray's WASH swung gayly on the LINEcans, with special keys, the key CLEAN and WHITEjust like her neighbors'!

should be set firmly and turned slowly so the band will not break. Moral—Dont let your wash line become a picket line

If the band should break, the operaChange to golden FelsJaptha—bar or chips, today.

tion should be finished with a can opener. Knives should not be used

for opening jars or cans because they may easily slip. If the knife

is jabbed into the top of a can, the Golden bar or Golden chips keen edge is dulled and sharp edges of tin are left. The knife blade may

also slip or break suddenly because of the pressure required to pierce the tin. FELSNAPTHA banishesTattleTale Gray"

APRIL 1948 227 /. First Junior Girls in South Sevier Stake

to tie the rose bouquet were the Junior Girls of the Marysvale Ward.

2. Members of the newly organized branch

of the Fitzsimons General Hospital. The

leaders of the group are Virgel Howell,

Harold Hulme, and Donald Kirk.

3. L. D. S. Sunday Service group, Southern

States Mission, Eufaula, Alabama.

4. North Box Elder Stake Green and Gold

Ball. 5. Charleston Ward Green and Gold Ball,

carrying out the theme, "Over the Rainbow,"has been called one of the most beautiful in presentation and decoration ever held in that area (Moapa Stake, Las Vegas).

6. Gleaner-M Men birthday party for

Montpelier and Bear Lake Stakes, including

M. I. A. stake board members from both

stakes, held in Paris, Idaho.

7. Fairmont Ward, San Diego Stake, Junior Girl group at a special program for girls

and their mothers where they tied their rose bouquet. 8. Cast of the operetta "And It Rained,"

presented by Ogden 19th Ward to five capacity audiences in Ogden. Purchased by

the ward bishopric, this operetta, produced by Glada Davison DeFreiz and directed by

Norma Grace Taylor, is reported to be one of the finest and fastest moving yet produced in the Ogden area, and the concerted efforts of all proved a crowning achievement for this ward in the year 1947.

9. Group of girls who participated in the Gleaner Sheaf

Binding ceremony in the Calgary Ward, Lethbridge Stake.

10. At a recent Court of

Honor, a record group of five Scouts in Burbank, California, received the rank of Eagle Scout. They are Truman

Laudie, Dawson Snyder, Bob Cordon, Herb Kangas, and Vincent Fox. Thisrecord has

only been exceeded in Burbank in 1944 when eight

Scouts received the Eagle award. 11. Eleven ward queens

were in attendance at the St.

George Stake Gold and Green Ball, with a flower girl for each queen. Miss Irma Hafen

of the Third Ward was crowned "Queen of Queens."

12. Inglewood Stake held

the annual Sweetheart Ball in February at which time the queens of the various wards were presented.

WE5

228 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA U*$! <***VLynden Chicken and Noodles will

swing the ax for you. Here's a

thrifty food—rich in flavor, oodles

of noodles, lots of chicken—ready

to heat and eat or to serve in dozens of tempting ways.

Try this attractive, inexpensive dish:

I Egg Noodles and Chicken I Scallop in Toast Baskets I 1 jar (16 oz.) LYNDEN EGG NOODLES I

AND CHICKEN (or TURKEY) 2 tablespoons flour 2 tablespoons fat Vi teaspoon salt Broth, plus enough milk to make 1 cup liquid Few grains pepper 1 tablespoon minced onion % cup grated cheese 1 tablespoon chopped parsley Buttered crumbs 8 slices bread Remove crusts from bread and press into muffin tins. Toast in a 400 degree F. oven

for 10 minutes, or until lightly browned.

Drain LYNDEN EGG NOODLES AND CHICKEN (or TURKEY). Melt fat, add

flour and seasonings. Stir and add the

broth from chicken and noodles, plus the milk. Cook until thickened. Add onion,

cheese and parsley. Stir in the LYNDEN

EGG NOODLES AND CHICKEN or EGG

NOODLES AND TURKEY, dicing the larger pieces of meat. Heat and serve in the

toast baskets.

I M MV tmW mm Ml WHn MM mm nf mm MM. Wm MM MM MM Ml

Now that so many foods are so expensive, there's real economy in serving LYNDEN Chicken and Noodles or LYNDEN Turkey and Noodles often. Get some today!

LOOK FOR

at your grocers

APRIL 1948 229 <Vrt*V 4* Introducing the New

Reorganization Auditand Transfer Report eutzei

REORGANIZATION AUDIT AND TRANSFER REPORT "pOR many years there has been no for uniform nor adequate system of MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS accounting for quorum funds, records, and properties when a quorum presiStake Melchizedek Priesthood Committee Datedency was changed. Retiring quorum, Stake

presidents had no means of being fully relieved of their stewardship. In some Dear Brethren:

cases quorum presidents left quite sudThis is to certify that an audit and transfer of quorum funds, properties and records (as indicated denly without making any supervised below) has been effected in the quorum of (high accounting of those items entrusted to priests, seventies or elders) in the - (ward or stake). This reflects a true

them. As a result a number of banks condition of the quorum records and properties. The balances of funds as reported were on hand

have unclaimed deposits and accounts when the transfer was made.

which at one time belonged to some Secretary, Stake Melchizedek Priesthood Committee quorum. Lack of proper accounting by This report, has been carefully examined and is approved.

those responsible has generally been the cause. Chairman, Stake Melchizedek Priesthood Committee

Realizing that many valuable propCASH BALANCES ON HAND:

erties and funds can in this way be- 1. General Fund

come lost to quorums-—not through 2. Other Funds:

malicious intent on the part of the a * quorum presidents, but rather through b lack of some adequate means to ac- c complish such accounting—the general TOTAL FUNDS ON HAND

priesthood committee has prepared a record known as the "Reorganization PROPERTIES: (Check one statement below)

other than inventory of properties, current cash funds, attached hereto. Copy ofAudit and Transfer Report,"a copy

cash funds. properties other than are no quorum There

of which appears on this page. Since

this is a new procedure, we desire to OUTSTANDING LIABILITIES:

acquaint all stake presidencies, stake 1. $.

Melchizedek Priesthood committees 2. $.

and quorum presidencies with it here- 3. $,

with.

TRANSFERRED: RECORDS Posted up to date: Yes ( ) No ( ) BOOKS AND for priesthood supplies the When

for Quorums Report Book and B-2, Roll tothe out year current were sent

B-3, Master Roll and Report Bookthe stakes, one pad of "Reorgan- Q ization Audit and Transfer Report"Q B-5, Minute Book for Quoriftns and Groups blanks was included. In the new MelOthers as listedi

chizedek Priesthood Handbook, pages 44 to 47, the use to be made of these I hereby certify that this report is correct. All funds received to date of this transfer have been

report blanks is outlined in full. We receipted for.

incorporate those instructions herewith Outgoing Officer as a means of acquainting the Church This report is acceptable to me. I acknowledge receipt of the balances of the various funds, properpriesthood membership with this means ties and records as stated above.

of safeguarding their interests:

Incoming Officer The purpose of the Reorganization FORM P.at-A

Audit and Transfer Report is to provide an orderly efficient means of effecting a released or the entire council is changed. rectness of the report, submitting same for

transfer of quorum funds and/or properties This will assure accurate accounting of the signature of the stake Melchizedek from outgoing to incoming presidents of stewardship and prompt officering of quoPriesthood committee chairman.

Melchizedek Priesthood quorums. Laxity rums with new officers as needed. 4. This report, signed and attested, shall

in past years has often made it difficult, if The following steps should be observed be made in triplicate and be distributed as not impossible, for incoming presidents to in using this report: follows: Original copy, stake Melchizedek

determine the funds, properties, and rec- 1. Under the direction of the stake presPriesthood committee chairman; duplicate

ord books being entrusted to their stewardidency, the stake Melchizedek Priesthood copy, incoming officer; triplicate copy, outship. A systematic audit, properly supercommittee secretary shall be responsible going officer.

vised, relieves outgoing presidents of all for making a complete audit of quorum 5. The committee secretary shall see to

responsibility and insures incoming presifunds, properties, and records as indicated it that quorum secretaries enter a transcript dents having a knowledge of the financial on the Reorganization Audit and Transfer of the completed report in the quorum and other responsibilities they are assumReport, whenever a quorum president is minutes.

ing for their quorum. released and another appointed to take his

An official Reorganization Audit and place. All of the foregoing steps should be

shall secretary be a whenever be used 2. The committee Transfer Report wilt recompleted without fail.

this sponsible report for completing replaced is released and president andquorum by a successor. In the case of seventy's obtaining the signatures of the incoming Stake presidents shall assume the

quorums, however, this report will be made and outgoing officers. responsibility of seeing that this new

only when either the senior president is 3. He shall then certify as to the corprocedure is inaugurated in their stake.

230 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

G. B. LEE, CHAIRMAN; BENSON, EZRA TAFT MARION HAROLDCONDUCTEDTWELVE—BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE ROMNEY, Liquor Propagandists

LEVI CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, SONNE, EDGAR YOUNG, ALMA E. MC KAY, THOMAS

L. A. IVINS, RICHARD EVANS, OSCAR KIRKHAM, ANTOINE R.

R. BRUCE MILTON R. HUNTER, YOUNG, MC CONKIES. DILWORTH Unabashed

Tn the October conference of the 12. How do the task committees difChurch, the writer of this column

Melchizedek Priesthood Monthly fer from the other committees already spoke of liquor advertising as "undiscussed? moral"meaning that it was wrong to

Quorum Lesson for May 13. Describe the opportunities and promote the human consumption of

occasions for committee assignments alcoholic beverages (the purpose of

LESSON FOUR: May 1948 on group basis. advertising) because of the many evil

14. Describe the organization and results that follow drinking, some of

"Quorum and Group Objectives, duties of quorum groups. which were named. Attention was

Functions, and Duties"15. In the case of quorums of called to a bill in the U. S. Senate deseventy, who are the group leaders? signed to prohibit liquor advertising.

References: Melchizedek Priesthood 16. Do group leaders and their asOne answer to that bill was "an open

Handbook, Section V-G, p. 22 to sistants need to be set apart? letter to Congress"by the distillers,

Section VI-A, p. 32. 17. Who is the presiding officer in designed to convince the American

a quorum group? people that producing liquor is an hon-

1. How does the division of re18. Is it necessary throughout the orable business, that this production

sponsibility regarding committee asstakes for all Melchizedek Priesthood has not taken any food out of anysignments of quorum presidents differ groups to be attached to quorums? body's mouth and that the government

in quorums of seventy from that of 19. Are the three standing comis unfair in curtailing liquor production

high priests'and elders'presidencies? mittees group or quorum committees? because this does not consume grain

2. List the duties of a quorum secre20. What is the relationship of the needed for starving people.

tary. groups to the three standing commitFrom the point of view of this col-

3. Discuss in detail the objectives tees? umn, these assertions are not true.

and duties of the president assigned to 21. Should funds be collected and Liquor production may be legal but

personal welfare committee. administered on a quorum basis or on that does not make it honorable or

4. What is the objective and what a group basis? moral. Gambling is legal in Reno, but

are the duties of the person assigned Brethren in some of the stakes still not in Salt Lake City. Legality is one

to quorum activity and Church service seem to be somewhat confused as to thing and often a very wrong thing, committee? the purpose and use to be made of judged by what is conducive to human

5. Discuss the objective and duties the foregoing and previous lessons welfare.

of the person assigned to the factpublished for monthly quorum lessons.

finding and statistical committee. For emphasis and clarification the Drink has brought more woe and misery,

hearts, broken wrecked homes, more more organization the 6. Describe instructions and following given: are

filled crimes, coffins committed more more three standing comleadership of the the of history. than all wars

indispensable meeting is tomittees. The quorum

7. What are the objectives and the success of the quorum. Where a quoIs a business honorable in the wake of

duties in general of these three standrum of the priesthood is confined to the which such terrible evils follow?

ing committees? borders of a single ward, quorum meetings {Continued on page 236)

should week. under be held However, each avail- 8. the projects a list of Make

in the circumstances such meeting second committee welfare the personal able to is to the as designated be each month It is recommended that the monthly quoand discuss methods of putting those monthly quorum business meeting and the rum meeting of high priests be held at a projects into effect. roll books should so indicate. It is not time other than during the period at which

9. Discuss the ten suggested duties necessary to call an additional meeting members of bishoprics are engaged in

of the quorum activity and Church each month where the quorum meets each Aaronic Priesthood work so they may service committee. week. attend. (Melchizedek Priesthood Hand10. How often should quorum soExcept in cases requiring immediate atbook, Section VI-C, pp. 3637.)

cials be held? tention, it is suggested that matters of quo11. Compare the duties of the factrum business be held and considered in the In addition to the business transacted

finding and statistical committee with monthly meeting held during the second at this monthly quorum business meetthose of the quorum activity and week. ing, a short period of time is set aside

Church service committee. Where the members of a quorum of the for the consideration of pertinent

priesthood live in more than one ward, a lessons or instructions as suggested or monthly quorum meeting should be held prepared by the general priesthood

Although the report form used is very and the suggested time is during the seccommittee. It is during this time and

simple, it will contribute much toward ond week of each month. In widely scatin these monthly quorum business

establishing an adequate accounting tered stakes it may not be feasible to hold meetings that these special lessons all phases of the new system for Melchizedek Priesthood monthlycomprised quorumof severalmeetingsgroups ofoftenerquorumsthan dealing with quorums and assure the individual quarterly in connection with stake conferMelchizedek Priesthood Handbook quorum members of having their rights ences. In such stakes, however, the weekly should be studied and discussed.

fully protected through such superquorum and group meetings should always Quorum officers are requested to abide vised audits. be held. by the foregoing instructions.

APRIL 1948 231 = fe -55=—RSBIN—==1

Jr——- IB'.j a 1 iS! === JM

jSSnifj Hi iW ""Wa*H

SUGGESTED PLANS FOR COMMEMORATING AARONIC PRIESTHOOD RESTORATION

K*ay 15, 1948, will mark the 119th participate in a celebration in which where the breaking of camp and returnanniversary of the restoration of they are given no voice. ing home on the Sabbath day are necesthe Aaronic Priesthood. May 15 and The above suggestions for both sary.

16 have been approved by the First stake and ward functions apply only to

Presidency for Churchwide comthose activities proposed for Saturday, Sacrament Meeting memoration of this memorable event May 15. The sacrament meeting proSunday, May 16

in Church history. gram to be given Sunday, May 16, is The sacrament meeting of Sunday,

Saturday, May 15, provides opporoutlined below. May 16, 1948, is to feature the protunity for outdoor activities, while gram outlined below in commemoration

Sunday, May 1 6, is to be devoted to a Saturday, May 15 of the restoration of the Aaronic special Aaronic Priesthood program in Our suggestions this year are much Priesthood. Where quarterly stake

every ward throughout the Church. the same as they have been in years conferences are held on this date, the

Stake Celebrations past. However, while our suggestions program should be presented on either

are essentially the same, stakes and the Sunday preceding or following

In the past, many stakes have prewards have by no means exhausted all May 16.

ferred to have all of their respective the possibilities contained in previous The bishop of the ward, as the presiwards join in a stakewide celebration. recommendations. Following are some dent of the Aaronic Priesthood, will

This has been particularly true of the of our former suggestions as well as both preside over and conduct the activities conducted on the Saturday some ideas coming in from stakes and meeting.

preceding the sacrament meeting servwards throughout the Church: ( 1 ) pilAll musical numbers should be

ice devoted to the restoration theme. grimages to points of interest; (2) presented by Aaronic Priesthood memIf stakes desire to go forward with athletic tournaments; (3) miniature bers in choruses, quartets, duets, or

such a celebration this year, it should rodeos; (4) hiking and picnicking; solos, wherever possible. Appropriate

be undertaken only after a thorough (5) oldfashioned barbecue; (6) and numbers should be selected from the

discussion of the proposal with ward always, the ever popular refreshment book Aaronic Priesthood Choruses.

bishoprics and then only upon their feature. Special attention should be given to

expressed willingness to join in the Overnight camping is not approved ushering. Let us make every possible

project. effort to have this feature of the meetWard Celebrations ing done in an efficient manner.

A Challenging Record The administration of the sacrament

If the stake does not undertake a should be performed by members of the commemoration program, the ward Aaronic Priesthood.

should undertake some appropriate Where possible, have all members of celebration. By "appropriate,"we a MAXdeaconwasin theordainedStar the Aaronic Priesthood, and their leaders, seated on the stand and in the Burley Stake, Ward, the will please something whichmean

three Since ago. years seats. choir time approved be at the same andboys his ordination he has

never missed a It is suggested the bishopric.by priestmeeting, that ment sacraTheme meeting, Sunday hood Priesthood bishoprics Aaronic and the

advisers give their boys a voice in the School, or Y.M.M.I.A. It is desired that "Priesthood and the

program. Boys will be far more enFamily"be the theme for the sacrament

thusiastic about a program of which meeting of May 16. Every effort

should be made to select speakers whothey are a part than to be invited to MAX WATERS m < Latterday Saint Girls Present Sacred Pageant

As a feature of a mothers and daughters meeting held during a quarterly stake conference, this large cast of Latterday Saint girls and their faithful leaders irom the West Pocatello Stake presented a sacred pageant "The Desert Shall Blossom as A Rose."The ensemble suggests full assurance that the presentation

-was effective and inspiring.

::tiillliWl!HP

232 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

i>

C-dited bu cd.ee Vv. j-alttner

tgnopnw

Special to Bishops n"Dishops should be so close to the young men and women that as leaders they can detect any tendency in the direction of sin.—President David O. McKay, Bishops'Conference—October 1940

YOUTH WARD LEADERSHIP Calf branding, riding, steak fry, andA a HeManswim in Boythe hotPartysprings, were the treats of the Humboldt

OUTLINE OF STUDY what(Nevada)to dostakenext presidencyto entertainfor boys,the Aaronicgive thisPriesthoodone a try.members of their stake. Those desiring to know

The lads in the Humboldt Stake are about as determined in their Church work as they appear to

MAY 1948 be inWhotryingis tryingto convinceto do thethe calvesconvincingthey anyway,—theare able to "rideboys 'em."or the calves? You say!

'"The lesson for May will be a review of the study material presented in this column for September and October 1946.

Mimeographed copies of the lessons will be sent to each bishop one month in advance.

Bishops are requested immediately to place the material in the hands of the leader who presents the lessons during the monthly meeting of the ward youth leadership committee that he may have ample time to make adequate preparation.

Faith,"page 56, (3) "We Are 6. "Priesthood's blessings to a young

Mormon Boys,"page 26. man"—a priest—10 minutes.

should theare (These blessings recounted treating be capable from the of subjects 2. deacon Invocation—A in point of view as the suggestedoutlined this in order that below theme 3. Sacrament song and the admintheme.)"family"

may receive the consideration it deistration of the sacrament. 7. "Priesthood's blessings to a young

serves. 4. "The story of the restoration of woman"—a girl of priest's age

the Aaronic Priesthood"(10 min10 minutes.

(Keep the theme in mind in treating this subProgram utes)—by a member of the bishject.)

opric. 8. Vocal duet by Aaronic Priest-

(This is one of the most interesting and in- 1. Opening song by Aaronic memstories members, spiring hood told related in ever page "Just a Boy,"when deof the folbers. Suggested is one feeling.) with in 33 Aaronic Priesthood Chorus-

5. Priesthood Special PriestAaronic music from Aaronic by

es. ) "Hail SusProphet hood Lovely Jotail andmembers—"On ( 1 lowingChoruses—9. "Priesthood's blessings to a mothseph,"page 95, (2) "True to the quehanna's Banks."er"—a mother—10 minutes.

(This speaker has a wonderful opportunity to discredit the thinking that it Is regrettable a woman cannot be ordained to the priesthood.

Carefully set forth a mother's specific blessMORE FUN FOR BOYS ingsday Saintthroughhome.the priesthood in a real LatterTHE SOUTHERN STATES 10. "A father's responsibility to his

turns in another MISSION of account a successful Aarfamily by virtue of his ordination party. onic Priesthood Word Priesthood"—15 minHarris, from Dr. Frank

Florida, describes Tampa, the toutes—athe Holyfather.

(This can through be a effective address most success of this party—"The

preparation. study and theme The not so fishing was good, but careful

the group had a good time should be well climaxed in this discourse.)

prayer anyway. We had

in and fore we started, bemy 11. Closing song by Aaronic Priestestimation a finer group of hood members, "Love at Home,"

boys never took a boat page 72 in Aaronic Priesthood ride."

Choruses.- 12. Benediction—a teacher.

APRIL 1948 233

Permission Obtained to Film

Records in Scotland Plder James R. Cunningham, Genealogical chairman of the British

Mission and efficient director of the microfilming operations there, sends exoriginal book as though it were opened cellent word in a recent communicaFirst Record Films Arrive before you. tion.

from Germany photographThe apparatusis used shownfor photographingin the secondthe Good news from Scotland. We have reoriginal church books (on Planfilme). The ceived a letter from Mr. William Angus,

By Archibald F. Bennett open book is pressed against a glass plate keeper of the records and manuscripts in

Secretary, Genealogical Society by the large spring under the table. The Scotland, in which he says that the Seccamera is adjusted and the pictures are made retary of State gives permission for us to

of the open book. Again depending on the film the records in his care consisting of

is gratifying to be able to announce size of the book, from thirty to sixty extestaments, sassines, and deeds, subject to

Itthe recent arrival from Germany of posures (sixty to one hundred twenty certain conditions which were enumerated in the letter. pages) one sheet are put on of film. The the first consignment of record films. Immediately onethirtieth rate of reduction is usually the A small and compact package conoriginal size of the book. Filming the visited Edinburghon andreceiptspent ofsomethetimeletterwithI

the of keeper deputy Mr. Mclnnes who is is films, of the individual books opened an advantagetained 337 much 3 x 4J4 ten that there estimated records. were He of the are time, because books so manyinches, each bearing the photographic sassines of and deeds volumes thousands written that information each about name

reproduction of from sixty to one hungoes across both pages of the open book. (another form of deed). All of these docuand together gathered been ments have all, registers.dred pages of parish In If the in is faded, writing the book 12 18 x about in uniform volumes bound

lights special fiftyseven are quartz out to bring used records volumes of from conthick. each 3 inches inches They and

ink. the faded parishestwelve are recorded these on pages, three hundred tain approximately

337 sheet films. Making the Planfilme into small books is which works out at about three million

altogether. will be covpages Two

easily. quite each exposure A special reading machine for these verysmall simple.holes in Oneone endhas ofonlythetofilmmakeand twothe pagesered by

films is being constructed in Germany protective paper, and then bind them tofor the Genealogical Society. By it the gether with a loose metal ring, or better, Various reports from Brother Cunthread with or string, sheet as desired. The consuccessful tell of other ningham tiny images can be sufficiently enfilms individual containing each book the Leicester are tacts. from Permission

larged separately that in the so bound end you so that two pages may be read to it possible council makes version of County condensed have very a much at once. naof film all material a genealogical the original book.

The microfilming within the East ture in the Leicester Library and constructed reading machine is so The inGerman Mission is being done under that the it without Museum, expected to total a million be placed film can the able direction of President Walter taking the individual film out of its little pages. Several large parishes in LonStover, with Brother Paul Langheinbook. This is a decided advantage over don have had their records photorich in immediate charge of the decanroll befilmfoundbecauseand readany withoutpage ofanyanytrouble.book graphedEarly byin Januaryour agents.the first shipment

tails. I am happy to report that the filming of of record films from England took

President Stover states records is now beginning in earnest and place, estimated to include a halfmil- will go forward as fast as possible. lion pages.

Prior to the war it was estimated that Figure 1 Figure 2 there were 750,000,000 names listed on the old church books in Germany. Most of

the books have been preserved, and so we have before us the work of photographing some sixty to seventyfive million pages, according to Brother Langheinrich.

Before the war the German authorities themselves started microfilming the parish registers. They did the work with 35mm

nonperforated film, taking all lefthand pages of the books one after another and then all righthand pages. This German

film is now preserved.

Using the apparatus shown in the first photograph, two rolls of this film (containing one book) are mounted on the lower part of the machine, the pages of the original book are rematched, and, with a light shining from underneath, the pictures on the roll film are transferred onto the Planfilme (sheet film) in the top part of the apparatus. Depending on the size of the original

book, from thirty to sixty exposures (sixty to one hundred twenty pages) are transferred to one sheet of film. Always two

pages are side by side just as in the original book, so that when viewed with the reading machine, the pictures show the 234 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IT6CTIIRfl LCOILOI WZA flRCH

NOW—new deep exterior paint colors! Such colors as

architects plan for finest homes. Colors magazines seek to

illustrate home modernization. Fuller's twelve new deep

ARCHITECTURAL COLORS! Selected after months of

consultation and comparison. Each color clean, clear,

captivating. Each color in that Fuller Pure Prepared Paint

quality the West knows so well. Modernize your house

Colonial, English, Spanish, California Monterey, Western

Ranch, formal, informal, or just house. Deep Architectural

Colors will give it new character, new value—give you

new pride. Made exclusively by W. P. Fuller & Co.

-$* colorful /Mqg THERE'SDEALERA FULLERNEAR YOUPAINT

OTHER FULLER OUTSIDE PAINTS: When you need a

professional painter Pure Prepared Paint—still the West's largest selling house paint.—Fuller will be glad

Fulltec Trim—brilliant colors for house trim, or accenting. to help you.

APRIL 1948 235

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS NOLIOIOR-TOBACCO COLUMN (Concluded from page 225) continueth in God, receiveth more (Continued from page 231

Church generally have emphasized light; and that light groweth brighter That the production of whiskey does

as they have discoursed on knowland brighter until the perfect day."7 not take food values from the grain

edge that all truth won must be used It is this light (intelligence) that consumed is a brazen and astonishing in harmony with the requirements Latterday Saints need. This is the statement. Whiskey has but very little

of the plan of salvation. food value, so experts in nutrition say,

minerals, the devoid of is wholly and Frequently, members of the trancelight thatinto makescelestialpossibleglory. our enproteins, of the grains and vitamins glorithat the have thoughtChurch

ous revealed statement "the glory of It is the type of intelligence here from which it is made.

God is intelligence,"means merely discussed that has made this the gathering of knowledge. That Church. Knowledge of the laws of Fight for Repeal in Kansas

view must be enlarged in view of God has been converted into the the Latterday Saint definition of actions of everyday life. Note the "\17hat will Kansas do about the state

intelligence: a compound of knowlwords of John Taylor, third Presiprohibition amendment in the

edge and the proper use of knowldent of the Church: November 1948 elections? In January

edge. "Now, then, if men, without 1947 her state legislature passed a

Indeed, this view is implied in the much of the advantage of what is resolutionin the Novembersubmitting1948,to theelectionelectoratethe revelation itself, for it reads in full, termed education in this world, are question of repealing the prohibition

Spirit the of the filled with God, is intelligence, glory"The of God of which has a part been amendment the Ghost, of and Holy lightor, in other and truth."6 revelations words, state constitution since the 1880. This

That is, the intelligence here discan comprehend the relationship of amendment reads as follows:

cussed is a compound of light and man to God, can know their duties, truth. Sound knowledge is truth. and can teach a people, a nation, or liquorsThe manufactureshall be foreverand saleprohibitedof intoxicatingin this

Such truths become a light to guide a world how they may be saved state, except for medical, scientific, and man on his way, on every road, to and obtain thrones, principalities, mechanical purposes.

meet every need. powers, and dominions in the eternal

legislative resolution proposed The understand can this revelation men In the same view worlds—if of the prohibition take the place gift of the to theis these principles stateby further confirmed by the

ment that "He that keepeth his Holy Ghost and the revelations of amendment reads as follows:

[God's] commandments, receiveth the Most High, and are enabled to The legislature may provide for the protruth and light, until he is glorified place them before the people so that hibition of intoxicating liquors in certain in truth and knoweth all things."* they can comprehend them, then, I areas. Subject to the foregoing, the legislalicense, tax the and ture may regulate,In the correct life, light and truth say, these are the men of education

intoxicating of manufacture and saletravel together and are progressive—the men of intellect—the men who liquors, and may regulate the possession

towards the nature and power of are calculated to bless and ennoble and transportation of intoxicating liquors.

is the kind This saloon shall be and is hereby The open the statehuman family. the beautiful HenceGod.

8 prohibited. forever education is of we want."ment: "That which is of God

light; and he that receiveth light, and—/. A. W. This amendment, if adopted, would

5Doc. & Cov., 93:36 Vbid., 50:24 put into the hands of each legislature

Vbid., 93:28 8Taylor, John, The Gospel Kingdom, pp. 270271 the complete power to legalize the

liquor traffic without any constitutional restrictions. Undoubtedly this is just

THE SPOKEN WORD whatwill spendthe liquorgreatbaronssumswant,of moneyand theyin (Concluded from page 222) to become so weary of looking for efforts to influence the voters accordhis present comfort and convenience the right answers that we accept the ingly. The liquor interests of the

at great future cost. It is probable wrong ones, nor would it be well to United States are fighting, it is charged,

for prorepeal the the of statewide in issues side absorbed so become willthat there always be some hibition in three states the laws where imof sight great lose and that we to detractthings our complete from still they Oklahoma, exist—Kansas, principles. never must portant We it convenience.comfort Mississippi. But and and

at slapping mosso busy become state election question the the At on let to the lesser well bewouldn't into quickthe that quitoes walk we in (this of after repeal na1934 was its life ultiofthings overshadow sand. tional in finally carried repeal was

It objectives. well wouldn'tmate be 1948, 29,—February the favorable 1933, vote December by

of thirtysix states) Kansas voted against repeal by over 89,000 majority.

WHAT SHALL WE DO TO TO BE SAVED? But the "wets"there have at intervals

struggle, the large continued spending (Concluded page 195) from secular history of to comfort adds what this end. the to have sums money They in die of faith starvation to theabout has western of believed, always man

not. date the to "drys"have and That

it it is elsewhere, also at time perhaps imEurope to begin and be once may is six indicated has by money won atmaterial the the their putting of task whether the of with moment work steps: successive

socialist spiritpolitics free or enfrombread comes economics on back and 1. legallegislature In the 1937 Kansas

terprise systems. The tasks of politics ual foundations. Christian love may not ized beer, having an alcohol content not

and economics in these times will not require much materiality, but it requires to exceed 3.2 percent.

wait. But if the Toynbee interpretation all we have to give and then some. (Concluded on page 238)

236 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ANOTHER CHECK LIST of PROGRESSIVE READING How many have you read?

. JOSEPH SMITH. THE PROPHET-. $3.00 SIGNS OF THE TIMES $1.25

By Preston Nibley By Joseph Fielding Smith. GOSPEL STANDARDS $2.25 RESTORATION OF ALL THINGS.. $1.75 Discourses of President Grant

By Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH... $3.00

By Preston Nibley HOW THE DESERT WAS TAMED.. $1.00

By John A. Widtsoe

. CHRISTIANITY THROUGH THE

CENTURIES $2.25

By Dr. Daryl Chase TRUTH AND THE MASTER'S

TOUCH $2.00

J. Unopolus. GOSPEL DOCTRINE $2.50 By James

Discourses of President Smith A STORY TO TELL $2.00

. OUR BOOK OF MORMON $2.50 "Best story book value in the country"

By Sidney B. Sperry

. THE NEW TESTAMENT SPEAKS. $2.50 ADDEDBy NephiUPONAnderson $1.25

By Obert C. Tanner

. UTAH, THE STORY OF HER FROM BABEL TO CUMORAH $2.25

PEOPLE $2.50 By J. N. and J. A. Washburn

By Milton R. Hunter

TEACHINGS MORAL OF THE. FAITHPROMOTING STORIES... $1.00 $1.50 TESTAMENT NEW Compiled by Preston Nibley

Bennion By Milton. PIONEER STORIES $1.25

Compiled by Preston Nibley UNTO THE HILLS $1.50

By Richard L. Evans

STORY OF THE MORMON THIS DAY AND ALWAYS $1.50 PIONEERS $2.00

L. Evans By Richard By Mabel S. Harmer

And THE SPOKEN WORD $1.50

A SKEPTIC DISCOVERS By Richard L. Evans

$1.50 MORMONISM

(Or all three in one box) $3.95 By Timberline Riggs

Watch for our book fists of PROGRESSIVE READING

DESERET BOOK COMPANY "Education lives as long as you read good books."

44 East South Temple Street P. O. Box 958 Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Herewith please find $ for which please send books indicated above by the word "SEND."

Name Address..

APRiL 1948 237 NoIipor-Tobacco Column

{Concluded from page 236) 2. The political parties in Kansas haveEspecially Suitable for paid little attention in recent years, it is

said, to enforcement of the prohibition laws, this laxity helping to break down opposition to repeal. Laxity in law enforcement

always tends to bring the law into dispute. Graduation Gifts! 3. The liquor interests persuaded the

United States Government to permit the use of alcohol beverages by the boys in the armed services during World War II, thus votes for repeal in Kansas. a.. The book that has making

swept the country like a Republican4. The liquorand Democraticinterests persuadedconventions theto

fresh western breeze! From put "wet"planks in their 1946 platforms.

legislature reof 1947 passed the 5. The

submission the requisite measure by twothirds majority. PAGES everywhereis the same: the'Onecommentof the

6. About threefourths of the daily and FROM really fine books of our weekly newspapers in the state now pubTHE BOOK generation.'"dailieslish "wet"and propaganda.eightyeight weekliesBut so far,publishedeleven

—Grace Taylor McMillan OF EVE Editor: EpicCentury in Whatthe statewillrefusebe tothecarryoutcomebeer ads.of the

Magazine. November election? Wherever legal

liquor in has back the United come

By OH II PflTE STEUIflRI repeal, since States the multitudinous

sorrows, distressTHE NAYLOR PUBLISHING CO. illincreased—miseries,results of drinking have steadily

SAN ANTONIO 6, TEXAS scriptiones, crimes,causedand indeathswholeoforverypart deby the effects of alcohol on the drinker.

How can sane, intelligent, conscien- "The style is pleasing, the subject tious human beings favor the liquor matter enlightening.... An exceltrafficdivinelyin theirgivenmidst?free agencyEvery onefor haswhichhis

lent little volume."—David O. McKay theLet himLorddowillnothinghold thathim willaccountable.injure a

fellow human being.

"This little book is a story and a LiquorTobacco and Utah laws lesson, good for youth to learn and In Utah the law requires all boards for age to review. Well conceived, of education of public schools to

well written, it will inspire people provide for the instruction of students of this day to noble actions. The under eighteen years in the harmful

effects of alcoholic beverages, tobacco, world needs more such books."

narcotics. other and The law made it—John A. Widtsoe obligatory for the Superintendent of

Public Instruction to prepare a bulletin on "Suggestions for Teaching the EfZION'S PUBLISHING CO. Narcoticfects of Alcohol,Drugs."Tobacco,This wasanddoneOtherin

INDEPENDENCE, MISSOURI 1 939 and out of the experience of nine years'teaching have grown suggestions

Ask For These Books At Your Favorite Book Store that, if implemented, will improve the (or use convenient coupon below) bulletin. Recognizing this, the Superintendent of Public Instruction, Dr.

E. Allen Bateman, has appointed an

ORA PATE STEWART, ATASCOSA, TEXAS experienced,to revise the bulletin.representativeWe congratulatecommittee

him on taking this progressive step.

Please send me the following books:

Pages From the Book of Eve $2.50

God Planted a Tree 1.00

] Gleanings (collected poems) 2.50

All three books 5.50 THE GIFT

Total amount enclosed By Mary Petterson

Name for comfort, J asked Address * thou And O gift divine, hast comforted me,

That I have faith in thee.

238 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA New... sign a iw

service/ of top Today you'll find two signs of top service along highways in Utah and

Idaho. There's the familiar VicoPep 88 sign, and there's the brandnew

"Utoco"sign that's replacing it... This new sign... oval, with the

flaming torch of service and the single word "UTOCO"... is easier to

see and identify at any speed. It's part of a great postwar improvement

program designed to bring you even better products and station facilities along the road. The word "Utoco"means Utah Oil Refining Co.—

... "Ut"for "Utah"—"O"for "Oil"—"Co"for "Company."

These topnotch products and facilities—together with expert, courteous, personalized service—await you under both new sign and old

... to assure you more pleasant driving and longer car life.

TUNE IN!

THE GUY LOMBARDO SHOW Narrated by David Ross sign or New Fridays M., P. Boise 8:30 KIDO - -

. sign old Saturdays Salt Lake -.. KSL 9 P. - M

still'tops in service UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY Producers and Marketers of Highest Quality Petroleum Products Since 1909

APRIL 1948 239.

Cook's Corner it's Here.. (Continued from page 227)

Jacob Hamblin 4 eggs, wellCheesebeaten Fondue

BUCKSKIN APOSTLE 2 cups hot milk

The deeply moving study of a great 2 cups soft bread crumbs man. 34 to 32 pounds grated cheese (1 to 2

by PAUL BAILEY 1 tablespooncups) fat

Fastpaced as a Novel! l/2 teaspoon salt

Gripping! Adventurous! andMixsalt.theStirmilk,thisbreadmixturecrumbs,into cheese,the beatenfat*

Heroic! eggs. Pour into a wellgreased shallow pan

and bake in a moderate oven for about 409 pages... illustrated... $4.50 twentyfive minutes or until set and lightly

at bookstores anywhere or from browned on top. Serve at once.

Egg Cutlets BDDKCRAFT 34 cup butter or margarine 1186 South Main Phone 7-7911 34 cup flour 2 cups milk 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon onion juice 1 tablespoon, minced parsley 8 hardcooked eggs

Make thick white sauce of butter or

oneinch ingredients. Spread remaining *Mi+he LEADER margarine, flour, milk, and seasoning. Add

chill thoroughly. pan; thick in shallow

Shape in cutlets, roll in fine bread crumbs;

dip in slightly beaten raw egg. Brown in

hot fat. Serve.

Cheese, Corn, and Tomatoes

3 tablespoons flour 3 tablespoons melted fat Ride GREYHOUND 21 onion,cups cookedsliced tomatoes 2 cups cooked corn 2 teaspoons salt The leader—GREYHOUND H pound grated cheese you more for your 34 to—gives

travel dollar! MORE CONBrown the flour in a heavy frying pan.

VENIENCE.,.with frequent Take flour from pan and blend with two

in the fat. of the onion tablespoons Brown everywhere. schedules MORE

fat, corn, the tomatoes, the remaining add finer.. with COMFORT. for salt, mixture cook and and flourfat

smoothriding buses. MORE about ten minutes. Stir in the cheese. When

DEPENDABILITY... with it has melted, serve on thin crisp toast.

trained, courteous drivers.

For the best in bus transportation, see your Custard Pie with Orange Topping nearest Overland Greyhound Agent today!

3 eggs VI R si, A N D J/3 cup sugar 34 teaspoon salt EYHOUND.:,:>-.. LIN E5 34 teaspoon nutmeg

Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES ]/2 teaspoon vanilla and UNION PACIFIC STAGES, INCORPORATED 2 cups milk, scalded x/2 recipe plain pastry THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Beat eggs slightly, add sugar, salt, nut- '50 North Main Street meg, and vanilla. Slowly add milk; mix

Salt Lake City 1, Utah well; pour into nineinch, pastrylined pie

topping: with comSprinkle orange Please enter my subscription for one year pans.

peel, grated orange two teaspoon bine one

Name tablespoons sugar, and onefourth teaspoon

Address cinnamon. Bake in hot oven (450) ten

(325) oven moderate then in City.——State. minutes,

knife until a minutes or about twentyfive 240 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

inserted comes out clean. Serve hot or

cold. Instead of orange topping: top after

baking with Y2 cup shredded coconut.

Jelly Roll

4 eggs % cup sugar 1 tablespoon lemon juice 1 cup sifted cake flour 34 teaspoon salt 34 teaspoon cream of tartar 1 teaspoon vanilla

Beat egg yolks until thick and lemon colored. Beat in sugar, lemon juice, and

flavoring. Stir in flour. Beat egg whites

salt, until frothy, of tartar cream add and most connoisseurs for Thrifty do. Ask for it: Tea Garden Ideas! $5.00 until will hold peak. beat whites Fold and

Jelly. and Apple recipes familyfamous from devoted Raspberry If jelly rings small mixture. into are Here are yolk

desired, bake in two cake pans (8"x 8"). Tea Garden users who find that Tea Garden

delicacies taste better at good no make food ice recipe this has 18 years For cream been rings, turn inch into 15 pan, large 10 For x cost! extra $5.00, idea Each wins and we the Gall, Angeles. of Mrs. standby N. Los J. 325 for greased. at been which has Bake suggestions. Tea welcome your Send Garden with rich a success "Always Tea pure Garden cloth minutes. cake out twenty on Turn recipe, to dealer's with your name, GarTea thrifty, Strawberry Preserves."Amazingly

off crisp sugar. dusted with powdered Cut Co., Products E. too. Francisco, Dept. den San

edges of cake. Roll cake with rolling cloth

up in cake. Let cool. Unroll, spread cake Even with whipped cream and luscious Tea Tea Garden Strawberry Dream

jelly, roll again. with Place and waxed 22 marshmallows this Preserves, Garden Peach showy dessert

milk roll roll to hold paper around in shape. Cut omelet costs only a serving! about 20c Recipe 1 cream 1 cupcup heavy

in slices about oneinch thick, topping with from Mrs. E. M. McPhetridge, Seattle. 1 cup Tea Garden Strawberry

whipped cream or thick custard sauce. Preserves

Other fillings to use are: chocolate, orange, Omelet Celestine Withmallowswarmin thirds.knife Heator scissorsmilk; addcut marshmarsh-

until mallows; Cool. melted. Add 5 eggs, lemon, or fresh berries. separated

fluffy. until cream, rein whippedstir Place 5 tablespoons warm water

frigerator tray. until firm freeze Fast 1 salt teaspoon

Stir top around edges. thoroughly. Smooth 2 tablespoons butter melted

ice of spread cream, with Garden Tea 2 cups Tea Peach Preserves Garden

Preserves. Strawberry Return 2 juice teaspoons lemon

firm. in ator; squares. freeze Serve to refrigerEnough sugarAllChurch Champions Powdered

6. for 1 cup heavy cream

(Concluded from page 205) Separate eggs. Whip whites very stiff.

until light Beat yolks colored. Add ville, southern Utah; Cardston, warm

salt to yolks. in whites. water and Fold

Canadian champion; Glendale, CaliPlace in hot skillet in which butter has "Serve this refreshing punch over crushed

Slip (425 into melted. hot oven tallest P.) ice in glasses!"says your Mrs. J. fornia title holder; Mesa, Ariuntilbeen firm. omelet Tea Meanwhile warm Taylor, Utah. Spencer Tea Magna, Garden juice. Preserves Garden with Peachis lemon representative; Lewisville,zona gives flavor. platter; color Grape hot it luscious onto Juice Slip omelet top with and

Idaho; Holladay, Jordan division; preserves.with powderedFoldsugar.if Servedesired.withSprinklewhipped

Cokeville, Wyoming; Edgehill, Salt cream. Serves 4. Tea Garden Spring Drink

2 sugar cups City;Lake Carey, Idaho; Logan cups water The real maple Tea Garden and flavor of Cane teaspoon 2%Fifth; Enterprise, southern and real 2 Tea cups comes Garden Syrup sugar salt Grape Juice Maple maple from

2 pineapple juice cupsUtah. varieties finest Vermont Canadian and 2 large of Juice lemons

You'll buy! it wonderful for bak-.we.. canthe find 1 ale quart ginger third for Laramie edged Holladay

ing, ice cream, confections, beverages! sugar, water, Combineplace Idaho, and Lewisville, drubbed for 5 minutes. simmer Cool. salt inAddsaucepan;remain- * ing ingredients. over Pour for fourth.Glendale Fifth Logan desired. with fresh mint if Makesice; garnishabout Definitely treat a party dessert. or company

3 quarts. fifth consolationtook honors and Francisco, San Mrs. Val Julian, two makes

layers; only one. But made we both used weplace with victory a Jefferson over

eaters at your Try Tea house? Garden pure, rubyred PreJelly Tea Raspberry Garden sixthwhile place to Hollawent Jelly time. next Loganberry Best ever you It's serves! delicious!

day; seventh to Glendale, and tasted because it's homestyle... made in

eighth to Jefferson. Tea Garden Raspberry Torte perfectsmall batchesloganberries!with pure sugar and plump,

3 separated the Holladay sportscoveted won cup sugar vanilla 1%eggs,teaspoon this, trophymanship with and along TEA GARDEN PRODUCTS CO.

3 tablespoons cracker meal the various championship awards, or rolled crackers baking powder presentedwas fine by Presidents meats, cup walnut chopped

Tea George %11 teaspooncup Raspberry Garden RedAlbert Smith and David O. McKay, Preserves

in impressive and dignified cereSeparate1 cupeggs.heavyWhipcreamwhites very stiff.

monies following the tournament. Beat yolks until light colored. Slowly add

The Deseret News allstar teams Foldsugar,in thenvery vanilla,fine crackerbeatingcrumbs,constantly.baking

were announced as follows powder,egg whites,nut thoroughlymeats. Thenandfoldquicklyin whippedas for

sponge cake. Place in well buttered 9-inch

First Team: Forwards, Nathan Wade, cakeabouttin.20 Bakeminutes.in moderateCool. Justovenbefore(325serv-F.)

Edgehill; Elwyn Peterson, Brigham Fourth. ing spread with Tea Garden Red RaspCenter, Preston Merrell, Brigham Fourth. berryFrost Preserves,sides with thencream.withServeswhipped6. cream.

Guards, Roland Williams, Edgehill; Wilford Hopkins, Laramie. It ivas a happy day when Tea Garden comSecond Team: Forwards, John Hadfield, bined big siveet red raspberries and choice

Brigham Fourth; Willie Stoler, Jefferson. apples in one luscious jelly. You'll like it...

Center, Del Gardner, Laramie. Guards,

Howard Smith, Edgehill; Douglas Andrus, PRESERVES JELLIES TABLE SYRUPS * GRAPE JUICE MARASCHINO CHERRIES

Holladay.

APRIL 1948 241 See the Bible In Beautiful 3 -Dimension Color with ViewMaster ) Utah Photo Materials Co. -

27 West Sooth Temple s8#5'> '-..;-'Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Ship me the ViewMaster and the Bible stories

I have checked. I enclose money order for

I ($2 for the ViewMaster, 50c for each reel).

CH-1 The Angel Gabriel Visits Zacharias

CH6A The Birth of the Savior—Part I ViewMaster Stereoscope brings you 12 Bible Stories

CH6B The Birth of the Savior—Part II in full color pictures of living characters, viewed in

A, CH-8 The Wise Men Find Jesus three dimensions! Each story is told in seven unforip?.CH15 Jesus Turns Water Ihto Wine gettable color pictures, with an accompanying text.

CH37 Herod Kills John the Baptist

The amazing realism of stereoscopic, natural color

Jesus Answers the Prayer of a CH40 will bring the Bible closer to you and your family. Mother

.... CH47 The Good Samaritan -*"CH49 Jesus, Our Good Shepherd 4i Order by Mail - Immediate Delivery

|g| CH55A The Prodigal Son—Part I,,- ViewMaster Bible Reels

II The Prodigal JCH55B SonPart - - Stereoscopes, Deluxe $2.00 Each 51V The Lazarus CH57 and Poor Rich Man J USE THE ATTACHED COUPONWE THE PAY POSTAGE

Sr Name

P Mailing Address 1;: Utah Photo Materials Co.

27 West South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

s9906090600066099009090090000900900906000600900000000005 KILLS

BLACK CHICKEN -LICE and LEAF 40 FEATHERMITES CAPBRUSH APPLICATOR Tap the CapBrush on roosts and smear the drops. This utilizes the

powerful Black Leaf40 fumes to give greatest coverage. No bristles

to absorb and waste the liquid. Fumes penetrate the feathers of

roosting chickens, killing body lice. No

handling of poultry.

Write fordirections on feathermite control.

Buy only in original factorysealedcontainers to insure full strength.

One ounce treats NO MONEY about—60 feet90 chickensof roost.

DOWN APPLIANCE TOBACCO BYPRODUCTS & CHEMICAL CORPORATION 36 Months SinceQ 1885 Nicotine Specialists to Pay "\Jf / && KAJJ1URADIO 10 Year Guarantee 2 LOUISVILLE KENTUCKYb PHONE 9-2779 fi 38 SOUTH MAIN &9O09999990OO9990060OO0O9O0O9O999O0O09990006009O000000oS gWi READ... rA A COMPLETEOffiR?.T

MisMissionary Portraits to the Largest r'romFrom Mulek of Zarahemla K;|0 ENGRAVING SERVICE Catalogu

IN THE,d Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

IMPROVEMENT ERA im 113 UTAHRegent St.ENGRAVINGSalt Lake City,CO.Utah

242 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A Call to Japan

(Continued from page 208) of Japan, he found a most concise statement in Mr. Embree's book

previously mentioned.

In Japanese society the sacred aspects of life are more apparent than in Western society. This is due, in part at least, to

the broad peasant base of Japanese society as well as to its long unbroken national existence. The myriad native beliefs concerning birth and death, sickness, and

health, and the seasons of the year have grown up over centuries upon centuries of existence as a cultural system based on wet rice agriculture.

Buddhism was introduced into Japan during the course of the sixth century together with Buddhist sculpture and painting.

Sponsored by Prince Shotoku, Buddhism rapidly gained ground and at one time even threatened to absorb all the native beliefs into its own system by interpreting

Japanese deities as special manifestations of Buddhist divinities.

in every Nearly family belongs Japan at your baby, LOOKING to sect one Buddhist or another. most The WiM a miracle i it may seem ispopular Shinshu, to the one according

tenets of which if one has sincere faith that in such a little while in the savior Amida one is sure to reach her babysoft bones have the western paradise after death. The grown strong enough to traditional religion of the samurai is Zen, support her—her straight

which emphasizes selfdiscipline as a means back already giving promof enlightenment.... ise of sturdy childhood. It

isn't just a miracle at all.

Tn another book the story of ChrisIt's due chiefly to the kind tianity in Japan was briefly told. It of milk she has.

dates from 1549 when Francis Xavier, a great Jesuit missionary, arrived Of course, the milk she needs Yes, and Sego Milk contains crystalline, vitamin D—thewith other missionary companions at must be easy to digest—supply pure

substances all food vitaof the sunshine of pure form first the missionariesSatsuma. At the contain and whole all in have, that babies must of milk—the min curiosity, objects ofwere then welher that will enable vitamin D straight, strong to develop order as people thecomed knew who straight, strong sound, to develop teeth, to bones, and sound make of particucommodities,source new bones. of your best the growth. Givelarly firearms, finally or revered and

hated as the propagators of an enFortunately, you can be sure baby the Sego Milk she needs tirely different religion. For nearly that your baby gets that kind of and she'll get the required

a century, 1549 to 1638, these mismilk. Sego Milk is always easy amount of vitamin D.

for babies to digest. Every dropsionaries were active in Japan and is uniformly rich in the food subThousands of babies—triplets,

among their two hundred thousand stances of whole milk. And in twins and singly born babies

converts counted many famous its sealed container, Sego Milk are thriving happily on Sego lords, generals, and ladies of high is as surely safe as if there were Milk. Ask your doctor about

rank. With the rise to power of the no germ of disease in the world. Sego Milk for your baby.

Tokugawas in the early part of the seventeenth century, Christianity Free to Mothers! This handy book

was looked upon as a threat to their that makes it easier to. care for and

ambitions, and bans were issued train your baby. Dozens of the most

against it. important questions about the care

In 1 638 the Christian missionaries and training of your baby are anwere forced to leave the country, and swered in this 64page illustrated the native converts entered a long book. Approved by a wellknown

enthusiastically Praised byperiod of persecution, the aim of doctor.

west. in the intermountain motherswhich was to exterminate them. Send for your free copy of this helpChristianity, however, was never ful book today. Address: Sego Milk

entirely uprooted. Through the Co., Dept. E-2, Salt Lake City, Utah.

friendly commercial treaty granted the United States by Japan as a reSego Milk Products Co., Originator of Evaporated Milk irl the Intermountain West

sult of Commodore Perry's visit, Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

[Continued on page 244) APRIL 1948 243 A Call to Japan

(Continued from page 243) Christian missionaries were again permitted to enter Japan. Within a

decade the feudal system collapsed (1867), and a program of great political and social reforms was

WORD establish schools, publish religious IH CUARI% adopted.aries wereIn 1873officiallyChristianpermittedmissionto

tracts, and promulgate their doc- { constitution the granted The fc V trines. V KlHD Of H the 1889 proEmperor in people by

vided for full freedom of religious belief, and the Christianity began to r/ r,ONA playin theanlifeincreasinglyof the country.important part

1eorge felt that with this as a background it was a good time to learn something of the efforts of his own Church among the Japanese. As his father had suggested,

Vouwearl M he went to the Church publications and found several interesting articles:

There is always special interest attached in to the first labors accomplished any k mission in introducing the gospel of Jesus WORLD'S SMALLEST Christ to a nation, and this interest is not lacking in its introduction to the Japanese.

Enjoy Church, Again It will of the 24th be two years on day Public Meetings since the Apostle Grant and HEARING AID! July Heber J.

With The Amazing "MAGIC SILVER CIRCUIT"first missionaries set out on their long

Sensational tiny size—so small the entire course across the Pacific to Japan, to prounit can slip into the watch pocket of a claim the everlasting gospel to the people

yet, reman's a special with is foreign not to easy language A it ceiver 2 sotrousers—powerful, transmits to

is 6 there.conquer, language but so difwhich a times intensity other sound more than any

is the the as English Japanese, ferent from aids! size last possible at Midget made by Again Enjoy Laughter great wardiscovered secret—"The Magic is still more difficult to acquire, and for

with Family, Friends Silver Circuit!"Try it, and you'll agree many months the brethren have been con-

... there's no finer hearing aid! stantly and doggedly laboring to overthis intricacies oriental the of tongue. come the Press! off FREE BOOKLET—Just

thing the to do, those have had Only who Write containing for Free booklet today toil the of nights and comprehend latest can days scientific information on Deafness and how it can be overcome. that has been necessary before the western

for yourself, or friend, Write the missionaries proclaim could message relative, or employee.

Enjoy Again Radio these to they which to bear had come

Co., Hearing Depl. Beltone Aid with Pace the World... Keep "000 in their oriental eastern tongue; but people St., 8, 19th Chicago 1450 W.

characteristic of the Latterday Saints, they have conquered at last, and six young men are now traveling two by two, in the country places of Japan proclaiming in their simplicity, as can, best the they

AID CO., BELTONE Dept. 000 HEARING

Christ, of the Jesus Redeemer, knowledge 8, III. St., Chicago W. 19th 11450 is all gospel, restored unto which and his

Please send me, without cost or obligation, the new FREE booknations. Naturally, there is a great inIlet of interesting facts about DEAFNESS AND HOW TO terest attached to this declaration by the OVERCOME IT. Latterday Saints. ( The Improvement Era,

Name I July 1903, p. 708.)

I Address * * * is in missionary There a fascination work Town State that people a pagan among is not known L——by missionaries in Christian lands. The

Japan Mission gives the opportunity to appreciate the work of St. Paul among

the ancient pagans, and to taste with him

For Your Fireside Chats the joy and satisfaction that come with the conversion of souls from the altars of

LET'S TALK IT OVER idolatry. There is an opportunity in that

for greater of a the development THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mission faith, religious individual and a broader 244 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA conception than in other fields, because of the fact that arguments and reasons for our claims must come largely from ourselves, and not be borrowed from others. (President Alma O. Taylor, The Improvement Era, July 1910, pp. 779, 780.) G0*

* * The Japan Mission was closed temporariG00V!g00D!

ly, according to an announcement published

June 12, by order of the First Presidency.

Elder Hilton A. Robertson was authorized

to release the elders in the mission. The

mission was opened in 1901, when President Heber J. Grant, then a member of the

council of apostles, and Elders Louis A. 1

Kelsh, Horace S. Ensign, and Alma O.

Taylor arrived in the country. President

Grant returned on September 27, 1903, having been honorably released. He was

succeeded by Horace S. Ensign. The following elders have presided there: Alma

O. Taylor, July 8, 1905, to January 1,

1910; Elbert D. Thomas, 1910 to October

25, 1912; Heber Grant Ivins, 1912 to February 1915; Joseph Henry Stimpson, 1915

to March 1921; Lloyd O. Ivie, 1921 to

July 28, 1923, and Hilton A. Robertson

since that date to the close of the mission.

{The Improvement Era, August 1924, p.

992.) OVER FIFTY

to find {TIeorge proud was many TENDER "BISKITS"listed important people as former missionaries to Japan. There were a

United States senator, a university In Each Thrifty Package president, high government officials, and prominent business and professional men.

A month to the day after George had received his call, he sat musing over the knowledge of his mission field gained in the previous thirty days. He compared his feeling of

growing confidence and strength with the uncertainty and doubt of the day when his assignment arrived.

After pondering over the devotion of the Japanese to Buddha and their Shinto beliefs George wondered if they really would accept the gospel. Ralph seems converted, he

thought, I'll ask him. His talk with;3rz*Er

Ralph convinced him that the Japanese in Hawaii who had accepted IF earlyto-bed evenings, there's Monday, Tuesday and the gospel are as devout and sincere YOU Wednesday—dinnerdancing from 6 to 10 p.m. No

as any members of the Church. ENJOY cover charge.

Ralph pointed out a report by his 'til there's midnite, Thursday (Mammy IFmission president showing over

Friday guests), for dinner Charge Cover dancingnigh*—No YOUeightysix percent of the memberevenings. Saturday PREFER and fast offeringsship paying of out and

232 eligible tithepayers, 221 are on Watch for the Announcement of the New Starlite Gardens the tithing rolls. He said the CenOpening in May!

tral Pacific Mission working ex-..-%ioo.-

clusively among the Japanese in 4*1,.& Hawaii is meeting with splendid

success especially among the young people. MotclUtah

GUY TOOMBES, Managing Director George hoped the same thing would be true in Japan.

APRIL 1948 245 Tomorrow's Yesterday

{Continued from page 209) husband's—and to see him again as

I had known him in life—the same

dear face, but so glorious, shining!

How eagerly we embraced. Remember how the heavens were opened? I

used to wonder what that expression meant, "the heavens opened"and they did. There was that heavenly singing—and those glad hosannas ringing through the air! And

when I looked up—I shall never forget it!—there coming down toward

us, followed by hosts of angels, was

Jehovah!

I wept—how I wept—tears of exultant joy. I—I saw my own daughEnriched with Vitamins and Iron toter,meetstill him.livingWeon wereearth,allcaughtweepingup

—my father, my blessed mother, all

of us! At last it was over; the trials,

the pain, the sorrows of separation. maftvwii

Product o f K O Y A I B A K I N G CO S o I I l o k o n J 'O g d n All was over. All was sheaved in

joy. And all through the sacrifice

of Jesus Christ—Jehovah!

Oh, Elizabeth, if we could have

The buteternalimaginedjoy thatone ishundredththe rewardof thefor righteousness. It seems to me life

Universe couldn't have been so hard. We

couldn't have—well, I can't find the

words, that's all. I just can't find ofMusk

the words. at Your This I can say. My testimony of

the gospel hasn't changed since

Finger Tips earth days, except to grow stronger.

I had a testimony of the gospel then with the as I do now. I knew then that God

lived as I know it now. The only

difference is that now I can see him;

now I live in his presence. But by

faith and repentance, by study and,

AMERICA'S FINEST of course, through the personal witELECTRONIC ORGAN ness of the Holy Ghost, I had

Beautiful organ music, unparalleled in richgained the knowledge of him even is ness and clarity created purely by electronic in the pipes, then. I knew him when I saw him. Connsonata, means without

reeds, blowers or parts. mechanical moving I remembered him from days in the

costs but Connsonata a fraction price of the of a pipe organ of comparable musical respirit world. Best of all, perhaps,

sources and can be delivered and installed when I looked into his eyes, I knew promptly.

PRIVATE DEMONSTRATION. Church that he knew me. Every prayer I'd

organ committees and organists are invited ever uttered, the times I'd felt him or write for to phone us private demonstration. the before close. They were all there between to hear Be sure Connsonata

yon buy an organ. There is no obligation. us.

QUALITY—IN MUSIC—IN SERVICE Internal life. Rogerson's 261 South State I've often thought that I wish

I could send some message back into the past to help us then. If I could,

Elizabeth, this is what I should say:

New Features for your enjoyment "Never doubt!"I'd say, "Ever.

Do not permit the slightest shred of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA doubt to enter your heart. Doubt is

a waste of time and effort, for God 246 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lives. And every word he has ever

fulfilled.uttered will be Get that,"PP Wf them, "every word.I'd admonish

Not just those that you can understand, or think plausible or reasonable. But every word. Therefore

search out the scriptures and find what those words are that you may prepare yourselves. And the ten

tribes are coming; every prophecyuttered concerning them will be fulMbemapiedbyMMY

filled—literally."

I'd tell them that the temple atIndependence would in very deed be butequalledbyNONE...

built and how beautiful it would be.

"Accept the words of the Lord's anointed,"I'd say, "all of their words. It's not for you to decide

whether or not they speak under inspiration. And when God speaks

to you through those men, chosen by him, don't complain about what they say, or criticize, or doubt."

I'd testify to them that no sacrifice is too great for righteousness. I'd

plead with the young girls to be virtuous womanly. and modest and to be THE JOHN DEEREI'd plead with the young men

chaste and to honor their priesthood, oh, how I'd emphasize that!

I'd let them know that there Mf.5POH&RMOWR I'd to wait; urgewasn't long them

drive, fast, units, lowcost years the cutting main of guard to MORE of the fortrim their coming lamps line if cutter the bar in the are yours power mowing John and the Bridegroom. I'd make them Deere No. 5 Power Mower. This clogs. Add to these fine features the

ashamed for trying to imitate the isunitsbecauseof thisthemowerhighqualityare safeguardedworking eccentrictaining properyoke adjustmentlead in thefor cuttermainways of the world, and I'd challenge against breakage and wear. As a bar... and the simple means of

you'll and practical..the.them to pride at being a "peculiar result,ance downyou throughget newthemoweryears.performrecenteringagree, the No.the5 knifeis truly

people"meant being the when that safeguarded tractor mower you safeguards these Let's consider on your farm. people.Lord's chosen to you in want see and what they mean

for dealer Deere See your John value. and Wheel I'd Elizaextra mower tell them, That's what 5 the further information No. on of carriage tractor drawbar the No. thingsbeth. the Church same The that's copied been the by many mower flexibility necessary the 5 provides

Authorities told us then. The very to eliminate strain and twist on the but equalled by none. Free folder will

be mailed upon request. rough, over working whensame, the same thing, as a matter of frame

fields. equal gullied, or rocky Of

fact, that the Lord had spoken beimportance is the safety spring fore time, and did speak during release which permits the entire time. mowershould theto swingcutter backbar strikeout ofa hiddendanger John jfg| Deere

Foolish man, why couldn't he see field obstruction. Then, too, there's MOLINE, PgffiSpJ ILLINOIS

that without God, he is nothing! a slip clutch on the power shaft to

Why couldn't he recognize that

God's words were truth, and that truth and strict adherence to principles alone could save him? Why,

Elizabeth? Why? You Can't ALWAYS Plan

The FUTURE by the PAST!

Just because you haven't had a fire is no reason why you won't. Don't judge the future by the past.

Fire is a constant menace and may visit you any day.

Insure your property today and be protected against loss.

Better get your policy while you can.

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

Heber J. Grant & Co. GENERAL AGENTS Salt Lake City, Utah

APRIL 1948 247. )

The Editor's Page

( Concluded from page 201 Family members should plan their own programs. Parents working in the backUNDERWEAR ground will, of course, direct the activities

toward high spiritual, cultural, and recreational standards.

should Programs be wellbalanced and Now Available varied, taking into consideration the ages,

The serious shortage of webbing used in interests, and abilities of family members.

the manufacture of underwear is over.... The Family Hour should commence with

prayer or close with the usual family prayafter six years, is factory our Now operating to capacity and are to fill er. again able we

orders for men and women in rayon and In our homes, brethren and siscotton materials.

ters, it is our privilege, it is our duty, to call our families together to enjoy and strengthen and sustain each other, to be taught the truths of the

Holy Scriptures. In every home, Order by Mail—By

Phone or in Person, children should be encouraged to read the word of the Lord as it has 36 SOUTH MAIN been revealed to us in all dispensaSalt Lake City, Utah PHONE 3-3882 tions. We should read the Bible, the

Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and

Covenants, and the Pearl of Great

Price; not only read it in our homes,

also explain children. but it to ourNOW /IT LAST

that they the may understand PROMISED VALLEY Songs hand dealings of God with the peoples of the earth.

Let us see if we cannot do more of this in the future than we have done in the past. Let us commit ourselves to the principle and the practice of gathering our families around

us in our own homes. Let each one

of us ask himself: "Have I done my

duty in my home in reading and in teaching the gospel, as it has been PRICELESS revealed through the prophets of the

WHEN YOU NEED IT! Lord? Have I kept my children close

There ance. is.. noandsubstitutewhen youforneedinsurit, to me and made home a pleasant

it? will you have Don't

chances costly with losses...takeinplace and a place of reverence, love,

sure and be sure! Your local Kolob understanding, and devotion?"

Agent specialist insurance is an... consult frequently him as your If we have not, let us repent of

insurance needs change. to pleased theWe are announce publicaneglect our families and our draw

300 More than REPtion of KOLOB three delightful songs from all serve RESENTATIVES around us truth. teach the and themUTAH'S CENTENNIAL PRODUCTION, sections Utah, Idaho,

like toPROMISED VALLEY. that I would suggest If you Montana of Promandof Nevada. saw some

ised last Valley thrilled summer and the older to A GENERAL INSURANCE their raised have men whoits will music you obtain want to copies AGENCY families, profit,of with Salisbury, own may, Frank Mgr. go

into the homes of their sons and VALLEY HOME and, by right of their faLOVE IS MY SONG daughters call therhood, these families togethIS THE WIND A LION er and teach the things that them localat your dealers. music Music by

Crawford Gates, Lyrics by Arnold Sundare necessary for them to know.

gaard. "Have I set my house in order?"

This should be the query in everyPACIFIC PUBLICATIONS 330 Judge Bldg. Phone 4-8451 heart. Not, has neighbor done 289 E. Center, my Provo, Utah

so? but, have / done what the Lord

has required of me?

THE ANNUAL INDEX FOR VOLUME 1947 life has THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "My experience through convinced me that abstinence from is available at the ERA office spirituous liquors is the best safe50 North Main Street Salt Lake City 1, Utah guard to morals—GeneralandRoberthealth/E*7 Lee

248 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE BOOK OF MORMON AS A MIRROR OF THE EAST

(Continued from page 204) possibly under the Egyptian ausdate, but at least as early as the

Giddonah, (BM), i. high priest pices midseventh century, a Jewish colwho judged Korihor Mathoni, (BM), a Nephite disony flourished. What is more, all

ii. father of Amulek ciple these names belong to the later

Hem, (OW), "servant,"specifiSam Tawi, (OW), successor to dynasties, after the decline.

cally, of Amon Nehri, who took the name Sam The Book of Mormon tells us

Hem, ( BM ), brother of Ammon (uniter) upon becoming king in the that Lehi was a rich merchant, who,

Hes, Khesi, (OW), "praised,"South though he "dwelt in Jerusalem all an Egyptian proper name Sam, (BM), brother of Nephi his days,"enjoyed an Egyptian

Pachus, (BM), leader of the Sidon, (OW), the port through education and culture, which he enfaction that drove Pahoran from which all Jewish trade with Egypt deavored to transmit to his children.

the judgment seat had to pass The book continually refers to the

Kherihor, (also written Khuthor, Sidon, (BM), the only cityname double culture of the people of Lehi etc.) (OW), great high priest of of the Holy Land, beside Jerusalem, Hebrew to the core, but proud of

Amon, who made himself king in which is a prominent Book of Mortheir Egyptian heritage. "Egyptian

South Egypt mon name civilization was one to be admired

Korihor, ( BM ), a political agitaand aped,"writes H. R. Hall,

tor who charged the judges with Tt requires no great effort of the speaking of Lehi's own land and priestcraft, and was seized by the imagination to detect a sort of time. The only nonHebraic names

people of Ammon parallelism between the two short to enjoy prominence among the

Kipkip, Kibkib, (OW), a city in listings. But aren't we using unNephites should, by the Book of

the extreme south of Egypt justified violence when we simply Mormon's own account, be EgypGimgim-no, ( BM ), a Nephite take the names at random and place tian, and such is found to be the city them side by side? That is just case.

Nlanti, (OW), Semitic form of what is most remarkable; we did It will be noted that the names

an Egyptian proper name, e.g., pick names at random, and we had compared are never exactly alike,

Mantimankhi, a prince in Upper the whole Near East to draw on, except in the case of the monoEgypt about 650 B. C. Derived with Egyptian names by no means syllables 5am and Hem. This,from Egyptian Mntw—Month of predominating numerically in the strangely enough, is strong conHermonthis lists before us. Yet the only Old firmation of their common origin,

Manti, (BM), the name of a World names that match those in since names are bound to undergo

Nephite soldier, a land, a city, and our Book of Mormon episode all some change with time and distance, a hill come from Egypt, nay, from one whereas if the resemblance were

( section particular of Egypt, ), great administrator Nehi, atto in the perfect should be forced we OW all south, an indefinite where from the "united south under his farwho it fantastic tribute it, might however direction"seem, to mere coincidence. There

Nehri, (OW), Count of Thebes must be differences; and what is

who claimed independent dominion A PRAYER more, those differences should not in the south of Egypt By Elaine Ellsworth be haphazard but display definite

Nephi, (BM), founder of the us to a tendencies. This brings most I for gold, God, do not ask Dear nationNephite things, untold; or wealth costly of impressive aspect Or of Book Morfine, no need for carriage Pahura, (OW), ambassador of I have names. I dine. mon while Or maidsin-waiting in PalestineEgypt us take for example the case Let

small a cottage have But let me Pahoran, ( BM ), i. great chief popular of very so Being Ammon. wall. the roses ramble on Wherejudge it sunshine, in the to ocgay, expect each room a name, one would Where

ii. son of same Makes patterns where the children play. cur in compounds as well as alone,

Paanchi, (OW), i. son of KeriIn that dear home may love abound, and sure enough, it is the commonpriest chiefhor, the high found. happiness and be peace And in in est names, element compound

hear the music sweet you may ii. ruler of the south who conWhere in the Egypt. But in comwest as feet. children's the In patter of

all of high hequered Egypt, was or names pound Amun Amon a little song Oh, maypriest of at Thebes. Amon general a form following changes heart the long; whole Within day I myhave of Paanchi, ), son Pahoran, ( BM care, loving with task in his do each And Egyptian rule. Gardiner

Sr., and pretender to the chief Till I see beauty everywhere! Grammar (page 431) states:

judgeship Then in the dusk when shadows fall,

Pamenches (Gk. Pachomios (O Oh, let me hear a welcome call; A very important class of personal

containing is that names known as... names of the south and As commanderW), Myin thehearttwilight,on tiptoebreathlesswaits for.. him.. dim i.e., in theophorous, names compoundhigh priest of Horus

element is the one name of a deity. which I I that pray may see

it is transcriptions I GraecoRoman love to me. home come Now in Pacumeni, ( BM ), son of Pahoran, AndThethenone

Sr., and rival pretender to the And I will know the sweet caress the rule that when such a divine name is

chief judgeship That crowns my day with happiness! stated at the beginning of a compound (the

it italics is less Gardiner's) are heavily etc., things dear. these heart holds God, Dear Maitena, Mattenos, my (OW),

it than stands independwhen near; vocalized then thy heaven Oh, seem would at difjudges of Tyre,two who at of ently or a the end compound. truth, in day. Love, each beauty and

ferent times made themselves king, It is for this I humbly pray. {Continued on page 250)

APRIL 1948 249 THE BOOK OF MORMON AS A MIRROR OF THE EAST (Continued from page 249) as r"in Egyptian (which has no (2) He knew the sort of plot

IMtt The author then goes on to show 1") Helaman would in "vmand setting in which those names that in such cases Amon or Amun reformed"Egyptian necessarily apwould figure in the Old World and regularly becomes Amen, while in pear as the typically Egyptian Her seems quite at home on the Egypsome cases the vowel may disapamon. tian scene.

pear entirely. One need only conTo return to our question: What (3) He gives a clear and correct

sider the Book of Mormon Aminidid Joseph Smith, translator of the picture of cultural relationships bedab, Aminadi, Amnihu, Amnor, etc., Book of Mormon, know about the tween Egypt and Israel, with due

to see how neatly the rule applies Old World? So much seems ceremphasis on its essentially comin the West. In the name Helaman, tain, that he knew: mercial nature, in the remarkably

on the other hand, the strong vocal- ( 1 ) A number of typically Egypconvincing picture of Lehi—a typiization remains, since the "divine tian names, queersounding words cal merchant prince of the seventh

name"is not "stated at the beginin no way resembling Hebrew or century B. C. The picture of life

ning"of the compound. Since the any other language known to the in the ancient east which the Book

Semitic "1"must always be rendered world of Joseph Smith's time. of Mormon allows us to reconstruct

is the more wonderful in the light of those fantastic conceptions of the gorgeous East which bedizened

JflAfUL (Booklu ITL OnSL... atthetheheadstimeoftheevenbookthe camebest scholarsforth.

The whole field of Book of Mormon names still awaits the careful w study it deserves—the purpose of The Americas the present sketch being merely to

indicate that such a study will prove alley. a As

validity of before anythingparting examplebut a blindof the n this claim we cite a principle stated by Albright (X, 12): "The loss Columbus

of the ending on is quite common in by Palestinian placenames."In EgypDewey and Edith tian or "reformed"Egyptian such an ending would be preserved, and

Famsworth so we have Book of Mormon placenames Emron, Heshlon, Jashon,

A new volume, containing two Moron, Morianton, etc.

former books—"Buried Empires oi It is no small feat, as was demSouth America"and "The Gradeur onstrated in the article "Original'""

oi Ancient America"—together Words of the Book of Mormon,

with new information and photosimply to have picked a lot of strange and original names out of graphs gathered during 10 years the air. But what shall we say of

of travel and study. the man who was able to pick the

right ones?

An amazing pictureparade of the ruins 1. Mosiah 29:11.

of ancient America—with an accompanying 2. Ibid., 3741.

text, drawn largely from the writings of 3. Alma 30, 2124; the charge is specifically against Alma.

renowned scientists and archaeologists, and 4. Alma 1, 12. Bead the review of

"The Americas Before from personal observations and experiences 5. H. R. Hall in Cambridge Ancient

Columbus"in this isof the authors. A fascinating work for stuHistory III, 268.

(Paris, Moret, Histoire de I'Orient 6. A. sue of the "Era."dents of American antiquities; for teachers,

renUniversitaires, II, 591, 1941) Presses missionaries, and all students of the Book ders the name Herihor, the "h"being hard of Mormon. "kh."The vowels are largely guesswork: thus E. A. W. Budge, The Mummy (Cambridge, 1925) p. 103: Heriher; Hurhor

pi. ii; Suppl. Her- (1882)

p. 50); (1912) The Nile Over 300 photos—176 pages—9 by 12 inches—beautiful Heru(Aeg.Ztschr.(E. Budge,XX

fabrikoid binding. Price, $5, postpaid. HerHor, A. Wiedemann, "Beitrage zur

aegyptischen Geschichte,"Aeg. TAschr. 23

(1885), 83; Breasted, like H. R. Hall, preto and thorough Moret, follow whose recent FARNSWORTH PUBLISHING COMPANY fers Hcihor. In this study we have chosen the others. supersedes largely study

4635 Montana Street El Paso, Texas 7.8. A.H. E.Moret,Winlock,op. cit.,"TheII, Eleventh569. Egyp-

(Books available also at leading bookstores.) tian Dynasty,"Jnl. of Near Eastern Studies

250 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (Univ. of Chicago Press) II (1943), 256. designation of an office (cf. Hem above), 30. The Assyrian text (Br. Mus Cyl. no.

9. Winlock, id., 266. Knudtzon, I566ff. 12168) is given in L. W. King, First Steps

10. E.g., the early Neheb (or Nehep), 27. Thus Kishkumen (III Nephi 9, 10), in Assyrian, p. 78ff.

xiii Dyn. Nehsi, and great numbers of cf. Kumen, Kumenonhi; Albright, op. cit., 31. Ill Nephi 9:8.

names beginning with the element Neb- p. 44, 58. 32. The name in its various forms is

or Nep-. It is just possible, since the name 27a. See accompanying cut, which may discussed by W. Spiegelberg, "Der Stratege

is written Nephi instead of Nefi in the be found in Budge, op. cit., pp 103, 108 Pamenches"Aeg. Ztschr. LVII (1922) 88Book of Mormon that the "ph"represents, and in W. M. F. Petrie, A History of 92. An even closer parallel is provided by

as in the Greek of the same period, an Egypt (London, 1905) III, 202, 290, the Amarna Pakha-amna-ta, given with variunstable "h"—"ph."In that case Book latter giving phonetic values "Piankh"and ants in Knudtzon, Am. Taf. II, 1566; he

of Mormon Nehor would be equivalent to "Pankhy"respectively. Paanchi is settled was governor of Amurru under Egypt.

the Hebrew version of Amenophis IV, who as the correct reading, however, by the 33. Id. p. 89, n. 2.

in Palestine is called Naphuria, and Lehi principle stated in Gardiner, E.g. Gram., p. 34. Nos. 7 and 9 in Spiegelberg *s list,

would stand for Lephi, an Egyptian equiv521: the "i"as here occurring "is always p. 91.

alent of Hebrew Levi. This, however, is final consonant."35. Spiegelberg, op. cit., p. 91.

pure speculation. 28. Lists of priestkings in the original 36. Winlock, JNES, 275, finds Egyptian

11. Alma 30, 1921; 29ff. form may be found in Aeg Zt. schr. XX commoners at Thebes with names Hesem,

12. A. H. Gardiner, Egyptian Grammar (1882) Taf. ii, V (7a); Budge, Mummy, Hesi.

(Oxford, 1927), p. 429. p. 103. 37. Harold Lundstrom, The Improve13. Moret, op, cit. p. 518; Hall, in Camb. 29. Hall, CAH, III, 273. ment Era, February 1948, p. 85.

Arte. Hist. Ill, 268: Hemnuier-tepi.

14. E.g., the famous priest Hemisi of

Dynasty xxiii, Hall, op. cit, p. 266.

15. Mosiah 7, 6.

16. Though the name of Nephi occurs

oftener, Ammon in various forms seems to USE LESS SPACE turn up as an element in proper name compounds far oftener than any other... SAVE MONEY

in the Book of Mormon. This is entirely

in of the keeping with the behavior name YET THRILL TO in the of the East Compare Amarna Amon names Amandi, Amanappa, Amanathabi, etc. with Book of Mormon Aminadi, Aminadab; also Ammunira has the same reWURLITZER'S

lationship to Book of Mormon Ammonihah derived the as Khamunira name Amarna of has Camenihah. For TRUE ORGAN TONE to Book Mormon

Amarna names J. A. Knudtzon, Die ElAmarna-Tafeln (Leipzig, 1915) II, 1557.

For the various vocalizations of Amon, as Enhance your Worship Hour with traetc., Gardiner, Egyptian AmenAmun, ditional conserve while organ music you

also p. 431. of Grammar, Compare Book and Wurlitzer money. on space The Recent Installations include: with Egyptian HerHelaman Mormon

achieves Christian tonal vibrant, Church, perfection without Central amon (Egyptian always writes V for City Salt Lake "1). Semitic the necessity of spaceconsuming organ

cit., II, 17. op. Moret, passim, 658, and

is chambers and pipes. SaltHunterLakeWard,TempleSalt Lake City this insistent Hall, point; very on Cambridge Ancient History, III, 280: Egypt Call or write MR. SELDON N. HEAPS for a free Ammon Ward, Idaho Falls, Ida.

(in the seventh "never century) ceased to demonstration and complete information. IMMEDIATE DELIVERY claim the ancient west lands dominas an

ion,"regarding Hittites and Assyrians as mere interlopers. 18. Moret, op. cit., II, 43739, 567ff; W. SUMMERHAYS MUSIC CO.

"Vorlaeufer derWolf, Reformation Ech17 West First South Phone 5-5881natons,"Aeg. Ztschr. 59 (1924), 109119;

HansBonnet, "Zurq Verstaendnisdes Syn kretismus,"Aeg. Ztschr. 75 (1939) 45f.

19.Winlock, JNES II, 250; Moret, 209,

20. Breasted, Ancient Records III, 27; cf.

Hall. op. cit., Ill, 294. 21. Moret, op. cit, II, 61 Off; III Nephi (BmL Jooihold,

19:4. 22. Helaman 1, Iff.

parallel to the Book 23. A striking of flffL (BjuAin&AA. Hall, account is that givenMormon by

III, 254; Moret, 590.

Albright, The Vocalization 24. W. F. of The high percentage of today's successful businessmen SyllabicEgyptian Orthography (New

Haven, Am. Or. Soc., 1934) deals with the and women who started their careers as office workers inproblem of "reformed"Egyptian. The

author suggests, p. lOff, that ordicates the value of business training. An intensive course a "new

thography was devised in the 'foreign here will help you qualify for many opportunities.

office'of the Egyptian chancellery during the twentieth century"specifically for

Palestinedealing with since the and Syria, scribes it necessary "found to devise an New students may register at any time. Special rates

orthography which would enable them to returned missionaries... School fully approved for G.I.

theirto read records."own From this training. Write for detailed information.time on proidiom underwent the new

gressive and constant deterioration until, by the seventh century B. C. among other

things "an almost complete shift in the quality of Egyptian vowels"had taken place. Id. p. 15. 25. Knudtzon, AmarnaTafeln 117, 123, L. D. S. Business College

132, 1566. 70 North Main Salt Lake City 1, Utah Tel. 3-2765

26. Id. 1222. The name seems to have

been both a personal proper name and the

APRIL 1948 251 THE NAVAJO... HIS PREDICAMENT

(Continued from page 212) happens—the scattering of the diskitchen, council room, visiting room, eases to all those in the group, but

and sick room. There is no bath, no neither their children nor they themsink, no washbasin, no toilet inside, selves understand why the diseases

and generally not even one outside. of the eyes, of the skin, of the lungs

There is no steam heat. Indeed, it is take so many of them. The "school

a fortunate family which has a stove and teacher for every thirty chilof any kind. The coffee and fried dren"would have cleared all these

bread are prepared over coals in the matters up. But having been demiddle of the floor of the allpurpose prived of schools by us, they do not

room or in some cases on an imunderstand.

provised stove made perhaps of a When one is ill, they hold a carbide can with the side cut out. "sing."It is a religious ceremonial,

There are some who are better possibly a distortion of the prayer fi0DYK\l<mtX\ equipped, but great numbers have a circle. Someone of the community

Your f/ectric SetNtnft minimum of items with which to is very ill with a highly infectious work. The pots and pans and few and virulent disease. It may be

dishes and implements cannot be measles, smallpox, typhoid, or scalded because there is no hot meningitis. The practice is that all

water for that purpose. Water is at the men, women, and children from Go a premium, for they must haul it in miles around gather at the home and

barrels for long distances, somespend days and nights in their rituAll-Electric usedtimes forforbathsmanyormiles.washing.It cannotThere beis tient.al, in Therethe closecan roombe onlywithonetheresult:pano privacy. Most of these deprivaall are exposed; many may become

It's the tions are the result of poverty, but ill; and some will die. A special

some are the result of ignorance. dance may be arranged for one with

of the educated Let trachoma. one MODERN Way! Theernmentschoolingin 1 868promisedwould haveby thetaughtgovYebechaii, of the us Indians tell

them better. the most sacred of all dances.

Electricity costs The reason the dance is held is because

If any man or woman is so little and does HpHEiR learning is extremely limof the trachoma. ited. Very few speak any Engsuffering and ready to lose his eyesight,

so much in the lish; very few can read, and they they must have our Yebechaii and they

closefitting this buckskin a mask, wear little of the things which very know

If disease. has very bad eye person who children our know. territory we even They know So, cured. that could get they they wear

serve. nothing about germs. If you asked many dancers take part. When he takes

them to spit outside or in a vessel, it off and another young man puts the they would wonder why. Consesame mask on then that man gets the

quently they spit on the floor, and trachoma. When they go back to their

UTAH POWER & the tuberculosis which attacks one homeshome, prettythey usesoononeallcommonthe familytowelhavein thethe is passed quickly to the others. They trachoma. For these the Navajo hold a

see only the germs. They LIGHT CO. cannot

ill so they become know that that Why"sing."do they not know better? Bethey cannot work, and finally so ill cause we have not given them the

they must just lie in the allpurpose education which would dispel those room with the big family until they strange customs.

die. They are not conscious that Recently, I read in the local paper

IN USE for OVER HFTY YEARS they have contaminated all other where 38,000 Salt Lake City youngAids in treatment of Canker, simple members of the family and neighsters had been immunized against sore throat and other minor mouth bors, and that others of the group the common hazardous diseases but and throat irritations. will follow them not long afterward this protection is not afforded the

to the "happy hunting ground."Navajo child. The majority of them

it a they call seen hypodermic Perhaps never the have that is why for nurse, ground,"hunting a doctor. nor needle, nor aHALL'SSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah "happy how

could life anywhere be less happy The "survival of the fittest"applies than these poor people find it here, here. If he is strong, he may survive;

with want and illness surrounded if he is emaciated and weak, he will HOTEL LANKERSHIM die. probably and suffering. 7th & BROADWAY

RATES MODERATE the cup hangs on A common in Los Headquarters S. L D.

Operator FRANK \TS7hat happens to the sick Navajo all the family use Armeies water barrel and Manaoer H. R. BECKETT.WISHON. RAY

critically ill? LOS ANGELES it—it is never scalded. A common when he becomes

TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE* towel serves the family, and even Perhaps he should call a doctor. But

our own children know what soon he lives in the wilderness, perhaps 252 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fifty the children, of nearest the but miles from most little setmany FOR A SUMMER istlement. the withchildren world There no telephone. come into

There is no doctor. The few hosout doctor or nurse, without bed WELL SPENT—

pital beds on the reservation are or sanitary sheets, or even hot filled, so he resigns himself to suffer water. This is one of the many reait calls is likely child the to die. "medicine sons man"why the out. He

is all It is birth, this the survive but Brigham Youngbecause he knows. He may

estimated that there are about five of ten live births more than three thousand cases of tuberculosis alone, will die as tiny infants, and five University and there are not more than one times as many of the Navajo mothdie as the fifty tuberculosis in childbirth ers willhundred beds on the reservation. bear children. white do with women who Of Summer School What to

the other 4,850 cases is the question. those little innocents who> survive

A devoted missionary said: "I have the difficulties of birth, fiftyseven Wide variety of undergraduhad patients who have been waiting percent of them will die before they ate and graduate courses

so long that they died while waitreach five years of age. What a

ing."The few who are fortunate price to pay in human life! How taught by strong resident and

enough to get a bed in the sanitarmuch of this human sacrifice will be visiting faculty.

ium are given excellent care. "Do charged to us, the people of the

they ever get well, Doctor?"I asked. United States, who have failed these SPECIAL FEATURES

said. get years Eighty"Well, no,"he people? an unfortunate "If we of FAMILY LIFE INSTITUTE... forarrested release every case a teacher from him and "a school and

the hospital, he is soon brought back thirty children"would have given AUDIOVISUAL EDUCATION seeking a bed again after he has to these people a better way of life, WORKSHOP...

slept on the ground and been suband through that eighty years, tens BAND AND ORCHESTRA CLINIC jected to the foul conditions of the of thousands of lives would have hogan a short time."We were been saved to progress and receive INSTITUTE OF STUDENT PERSONshown where the bodies are kept their opportunity in mortality. NEL GUIDANCE...

until burial, and the rude boxes in When we visited the Church's PUBLIC SPEAKING AND DRAMA buried. are theywhich one When little Blanding, school at we learned

... INSTITUTE is dies, there of for one a bed more Sister Albert that Brother R. Lyand

the wretched waiting people. But man had found a family in a hogan TENTH ANNUAL MUSIC FESTIVAL

the other 4,850 lie on the ground in with two little children dying of the one room hogan and infect all pneumonia. They brought them

their associates until they finally die quickly from the cold ground of the FIRST TERM also. hogan to the school building which JUNE 7-JULY 16

Judging from the number of youth was then under construction. Here

who were declined by the governwe visited them. A good fire in the SECOND TERM

ment in the draft for tuberculosis, it stove warmed the building. There JULY 19AUGUST 21

is estimated that the incidence of was still no bed, but this warm room Write the Dean For A Catalog tuberculosis among the Navajos is was a heaven to those unfortunates.

possibly as high as fourteen times A good doctor was called in, and that of the nonIndian in the United with excellent nursing from our misBrigham Young

States. From one survey covering sionaries, the youngsters were unthirty-one families came the stardoubtedly saved from an untimely

tling information that there was an death. When we held the meeting University

average of three cases of tubercuthere some weeks later, the entire PROVO, UTAH losis in every home. Add to the confamily attended the services includstant infection to which they are ing the two little fellows who were

subjected, the fact that they are unsnatched from death by kind and dernourished; can we wonder at the efficient ministrations.

rate? unbelievable death The survey all the probas so we sum up And Skilled Hands wmm families revealed of a hundred all they the Navajos, of seem that lems

not one was sanitary. Tuberculosis to stem from the one root cause Mean Higher Pay,

conditions. thrives such under to failure the of government It is the *V**

the assistleaders among one of the train as it agreed them educate and * SI Bttfants to the grim reaper, but there are to by treaty. Eighty years of good

many other helpers. One large famefficient training would have preily of twentysix persons was pared these people long ago to meet paidQuishdividendstrainingto thouhas -

restudied, and it was found that in life. It is obvious that the reserva-,sands.ceive intensiveStudentstraining

this group alone there were sevention will not sustain the fastgrow- underexperts.,Enrollsupervisionl any time.ol teen deaths in three years, and ing tribe. There are no more great kV SEND FOR FREE CATALOG.

thirteen of them were attributed to tracts to give them. The answer SCHOOL OF

tuberculosis. must be to train these people to:;.ijBBEAUTYSaUTMEUtTUBEMAIN;

The women are prolific, bearing (Concluded on page 255)

APRIL 1948 253....

Ltk Witk

JhSL CHURCH PUBLICATIONSDESERET The Children's Friend.. The Instructor...

picture of front cover the is pROM for April Children's FriendNEWS HPAe Clark, Louisa Woolley Mary full for the of fun and wisdom young fry of the Church and their mother of President J. ReubenPRESS parents and teachers. The poems Clark, Jr., to the back cover picture

are timely ones dealing with April of the Cedar Fifth Ward Chapel, and early spring. Attractive games the April Instructor is filled with inand cutouts are included. Parents teresting material.

features include Special continued the stimulating particularly will find COMMERCIAL C. Dublan"by Thomas on "Colonia article Durham Dr. G. Homer by

AND EDITION well"The asHomethe anddiscerningWorld Peace,"article byas seriesRomney,on Latterdayfourth installmentSaint colonizain a

Abbie Wells on James Whitcomb tion in Mexico; "The Beginning of PRINTERS AND Riley, together with a list of good Cardston"by C. Frank Steele,

BOOK BINDERS books.eager readers.The unusualFor storiesold andwillyoungfind settlementfourth articlein Canada;on Latterdayand numberSaint

the article, "Seventyeight Years four in a series on "The Book of to Religious PAPER RULING Ago,"by Preston Nibley will tell Mormon—A Guide

something of the life of President Living,"by Dr. Lowell L. Bennion.

George Albert Smith, Included also Editorials by Milton Bennion, "The are the mission Primary lessons, for Golden Rule"and "Planting Time,"

June, and additional reports from a talk by Senator Elbert D. Thomas

J-rofedsionai the Primary board. given at the Gandhi memorial services, and an article "Make Your

and Social Teachingare stimulating.Live"byRegularEzra J. featuresPoulsen

The Church News.. include department material and ref

Jtatiuoneri Pouring the month of April the erences for June Sunday School

Church News Section will fealessons.

ture news of the Church, including a picturestory coverage of the April 29 RICHARDS STREET general conference, President The Relief Society

George Albert Smith's seventyMagazine..

eighth birthday, and the return of

April Relief Society Magazine PHONE 4 -5521 Elder and Sister Stephen L RichHThe ards from their historymaking tour features stories and is therefore of the South American missions, as subtitled, "The Short Story Numwell as sermons of the General ber."From the cover, "Spring BlosAuthorities. Among the published soms,"a photograph by Hal Rumel,

$tu& t4 *%$& sermonsFirst Presidencywill be theataddressesApril generalof the rightlates through,with thingsthe ofmagazineinterest.scintilOne

Hilltop,"by "Windy Ezra J. radio serial, conference, the weekly and

For the brideto-be.. another, is concluded, Poulsen, and President addresses by J. Reuben

a National Bible Clark, Jr. The special picture feaQuesting Lights by Belle Watson

commences. or Testament ture of the month will be a large Anderson, include "Bright Short stories

bound in WHITE airplane view of the Hill Cumorah, April"by Margery S. Stewart,

QUALITY GenuineFabrikoid binding,White most unusual picture, this photoinson, "Sweeter Than Any Story"

MADE roundpresentationcorners, graph shows the monument atop the by Hazel K. Todd, "A New Stove

No.page.63PW Teshill, the Bureau of Information at its for Mother"by Norma Wrathall.

KING JAMES taPsalms.m e nt withNo. base, as well as the surrounding Many exquisite Easter poems also

122W Bible landscape. liven the magazine. VERSION also bound in

White Fabrikoid.

11 g f """B""M National bibles SINCE 1863... AT YOUR BOOKSTORE

254 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Navajo... His Predicament ON THE BOOKRACR

(Concluded from page 253) (Concluded from page 223) neer history. And there is more to

their place in our worldmake will historian future the of come! The where LANDMARKS OF ANCIENT rightfully belong. If Congressthey historical his facts path with pave made AMERICAN PEOPLE

would this year appropriate $68,- ( Orrin G. Wilde. Published by the available by the Daughters of Utah

560,000 for schools and roads with author. 1947. 26 pages. 25 cents.) Pioneers.

is Salt additional annually Lake County The $10,000,000 Companyan brief of '"Phis study of Book Mormon into nearly ninety divided each camps, schools, the maintainto operate and is collection of a geography good of information congathered has which of then matter only a beit would in references the to and Nephite book history, cerning public personthe and until these thempeopletime found distances. lands, places Lamanite and al, their areas. of respective procTheselves. acschools must be The It is author's. the conclusions are The ess followed. has of the beehive been

credited and equal to or superior to an intriguing subject, which continues Hundreds of the Daughters have conthe schools of the states in which to baffle students, despite much discustributed extracts from books or diaries, they live. There must be compulsory sion and debate. J. A. W. and statements from the memories of

education, though we are sure the pioneers. The resulting reliable but

Indians will need little compulsion. TALES OF A TRIUMPHANT vast material is grouped under six

If the Indians were given much of PEOPLE chapters, each of which deals with the work on the road building pro- (Compiled and published by Salt Lake related camps. The seventh chapter is

gram and taught to operate the County Company of the Daughters of devoted to subjects of interest beyond equipment, and if they were perthe Utah Pioneers. Edited by Francis the area of any one camp.

mitted to do much of the work in the W. Kirkham and Harold Lundstrom. Despite the profusion of names,

school construction program, this Stevens and Wallis, Salt Lake City, dates, and subjects, the volume may be will consecutively. pages. turn 18 pages of pictures read Manywould in some measure take care of 319

live. first to they and the area in which maps. $3.50.)them economically for a few years All 'TPhis is another of the astonishingly will feel a pioneer thrill, and be proud beginningwhile the program was county. the heritage Hunfrom the interesting pubof and useful volumes their children andto prepare youth of reach ordinary dreds facts beyond lished of the Utah by the Daughters

to establish themselves in our world. Pioneers. Seven volumes of Heart are here rescued from oblivion.

God grant that those who have Throbs, published by the Central ComThe camp and the editors may well control of the funds of this great pany; Under Ben Lomond's Peak, by be proud of their work. We are gratenation may see their duty in this the Weber County Camp; and now ful.

matter and help to speed the day of this history of Salt Lake County, from One might wish for an index—but it

A. W.the Lamanite to total restoration. an unequalled source of intimate piowould make a book of itself.—/.

Could be he's never heard about the new Payne CoolerAir.

14 POINTS OF SUPERIORITY Why go to extremes to keep cool? Breeze through

...including clean, the summer with this new quality cooler, designed

sanitary, longlived and built by the makers of famous Payne gas furnaces.

"Fiberglas"evaporative filters... true Ideal for homes, offices, stores, restaurants, motels,

air delivery... classrooms, factories.

Payne engineerAvailable through Payne dealers. If you don't know

ing, quality, performance. local dealer, please write the factory. Free booklet.

PAYNE FURNACE COMPANY (One of the DRESSER

Setsnewstandards Industries) BEVERLY HILLS, CALIFORNIA in evaporative cooling. Obsoletes

old 'fashioned, VaCoolerClir makeshift types!

APRIL 1948 255 &wt>

Reply to "Can You Top This?"in August 1947 "Era'

L.D.S. ADDRESSES OF SERVICEMEN'S HOMES "Pdith Cook, a popular Glean1104 24th St., Cor. Calif. 24th & "C,"San Diego,

er girl of Montpelier Second 1836 Alice St., Oakland, Calif.

Ward, has a record of nine 615 "F"St., Marysville, Calif.

years'perfect attendance at Mu1594 So. Beretania St., Honolulu, T.H.

tual after a similar record for

Primary. Besides being an HonNaval Station Services

or Bee and Golden Gleaner, stake Gleaner girl vice presi- L. D. S. servicemen are asked to note the following

dent, Gleaner leader, Sunday information:

School teacher, and secretary "L. D. S. services are held each Friday at 8 p.m. in

for the girls'leadership, she has Frazier Hall, 245 West 28th St., Norfolk Naval Station,

received the Latterday Saint Norfolk, Virginia."

Girls'certificate of award for two years. Edith graduated from

seminary with high honors. She

was a member of the high school yearbook staff club and No Middleman the received award, Ashley wife MacPherson's Amos friend asked his to was ill. Mac the student to is given which

for of run the undertaker. class in the graduating the who,

"But,"his remonstrated friend, "it's EDITH COOK no undertaker you want. faculty, the of has estimation

It's a doctor."established creditable a highly

"Nay, nay,"Mac replied. "I canna afford to deal wi* fine school citizenship, record, exhibited and renschool high

in middlemen."outstanding to the cooperation and service, school dered

activities these School. However, the Montpelier High have No Defense she has Often interfered her with not Mutual class. gone home

this late time the night. into studied During from and Mutual Percy: "There may be no marriages in heaven, but how her mother, since a of her widow, home, care she taken has about divorces?"

living. the time of the She also to to make has be gone much Harry: "None! There will be no lawyers in heaven."help. All ladies elderly needed to help time two found who

of the above achievements were accomplished under circumstances exhibiting outstanding faith, courage, and determinaSuch Is Life tion, as she is a victim of polio. This fine record adds up to

thing worst about The wisdom is that it can only be acachievement remarkable that it is believed will be a truly quired the instalment plan. on better. difficult for anyone to

"Speak the Speech"thatTherehaveisit.as much horse sense as ever, but it is mostly horses

SOME words that have been called to our attention are - sticklers. Why the granary where grain is stored should The critic who begins with himself will be too busy to take

change its pronunciation is beyond explanation, but it is noneon outside contracts.

theless true. Therefore you speak, correctly, of the granary -<>-

(a as in cat). The final y of that word is pronounced as the

i in the word it. With the word gratis, however, you are When it is definitely settled that a thing cannot be done,

lucky, for it may be pronounced with the a as in the word watch somebody do it.

are or with the a as in the word car, although the ate sound $> first dictionary. society as is in the such given Abraham A a girl marries to a When mend man his ways, she is apt title special the blessings of the given from which and founded to find that he isn't worth darn. a

is it is patriarchal. slowly, in taken (Say and our Church

Rich, Life. from Your—Al tri first kal, difficulty in the ar with as you'll a have no

in third in the are, it—paas the as arm, and one second the word

cat.) But if you are proud of your country, you are simply Gleaner Girl Chosen for Princess

patriotic—without the all—M. C. J. /\ne of the three pretty Wenatchee (Washington) High

School to girls chosen the represent Apple Blossom Festiis girl, a Latterday Saint Gleaner eighteenyear-old Joyce, Lewiston, Idaho val

February 24, 1948 daughter of Mrs. Selma Potter.

queen The and two princesses of whom Joyce is one, were Editors: Dear

in a ceremony at the Giving expression to the urge I felt upon reading two recent presentedhigh start is school to what articles in The Improvement Era, I want to congratulate practically a fulltime job of you upon them: "If I were a Young Bride,"and "If I Were publicizing the famous festival

a Young Husband."which will take place at a date

In this age when the distress, failures, and mismanagement to be decided when the valley of homemaking are so rampant, and so flagrantly publicized, is in full bloom in the early it was a distinct relief to read articles by young people delinspring.

eating their intelligent approach to their greatest adventure; The royal party will do much

the establishment of a new home. traveling and will appear in

Since homemaking is the profession that more people enter many cities throughout the into than any other, and the one for which less training is northwest and finally reign over given succeeding generations being left largely to instinct the festival.

to guide them in the intricate patterns of daily living—articles Joyce is a member of the

of this nature can therefore be of inestimable benefit. Wenatchee Branch M.I.A. and

Sincerely, is also chosen as one of the

Mrs. J. C. Jeppson, GreenprincessesBall. of their Gold and President,

Idaho Congress of—Reported by H. Pearl Clark,

Parents and Teachers Gleaner Leader JOYCE POTTER

256 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It's "RPM"2 to 1 among Western motorists,

Independent surveys prove that...

"RPM"is preferred by twice as many motorists as the secondplace brand. It's proof

that Westerners have found—RPM Motor

Oil's added compounds give cars the finest protection money can buy.

"RPM's"compounds stop carbon and sludge troubles "RPM"clings to hot spots that most oils leave bare "RPM"ends bearing corrosion and crankcase foaming "RPM"is compounded to prevent internal engine rust—and rust is the cause of 80% of motor wear

We'll take better care of your car,

CHEVRON

stations INC./'GAS STATION 1\

Stop at Independent Chevron Gas

Stations, or Standard Stations, Inc.,

for Standard of California products

LESSON of the YUCCA

Native of the Southwest, the yucca conserves moisture

from each passing shower... that there may be green

foliage, new growth, and lovely flowers -- even in a

time of withering drouth. ->? By means of life insurance,

anyone who has an income today may at once set up a

safe financial reserve -- against a time of urgent need.

a

....

,.....oy;

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

SALT LAKE CITY I. UTAH

George Albert Smith* Pre*. Salt take City, U**h