In this issue: Talks

given by the General Authorities at the 133rd Annual General Conference

The Improvement Era June 1963 u

Put

Yourself

In This

Picture

Enjoy a Thrilling Festival of Learning

At a "BYU Education Week"in Your Area

CHECK THIS SCHEDULE (formerly Leadership Weeks The BYU Education

.;.. ARIZONA CIRCUIT

Weeks), called the nations greatest experiment in Mesa, Arizona June 3, 4, 5 8 June 6, 7, Arizona Phoenix, in in 33 locations presented will be education,adult 12 11, 10, June Safford, Arizona nnn persons at- -,1963. than,,26,000 of, More..the summer CIRCUIT SOUTHWEST

July 27 26, 25, Arizona last year. Hundredstended

1 August 31, Albuquerque, New Mexico July 30, of classes.,..,..sub|ectswere taughtin familyby Snowflake, in concentrated professorsfifty 3, 5, 6 August BYU E| Raso Texas

CIRCUIT UTAH perleadership,relations, human relations, religion,

,.... Provo Campus June 1014

sonal development, science, art, philosophy, social Ogden, Utah June 3, 4, 5 science, literature, government, history, and many Salt Lake—Sugarhouse August 1, 2, 3

others - NORTHWESTSalt Lake—JordanCIRCUIT Valley August 5, 6, 7

In addition to the classes, Education Week will Portland, Oregon June 20, 21,22... present numerous displays, workshops,i, devotional,.. i asTaeoma,Seattle, WashingtonWashington JuneJune28, 25,29, 26,July271

semblies, demonstrations, motion pictures, entertainMoses Lake, Washington July 3, 4 ment and, other, features, to make, it a memorable[ i edu-i Spokane,Lethbridge,WashingtonCanada JulyJuly10, 5,11,6, 128 cational experience. Calgary, Canada July 15, 16, 17

.The theme. this.. year.is,/cFamily., TTogetherness..—TUThe idahoRexburg,circuitIdaho July 20, 22, 23

Challenge of Our Times."The faculty and facilities will Idaho Falls, Idaho June 19, 20, 21

be, devoted,, to. -helping,. cEducat.onI.. XA/WeekI v.sitors... allit over Blackfoot,Pocate 0/,dahoIdaho...JuneJune 24,27, 25,28, 2629

the nation to learn about, understand, and recognize Burley, Idaho July 1, 2, 3 thatthe challenges affect us and our families in to10::::=

Ontario, Ore July 15, 16, 17 world.day's changing

"'* This event is for EVERYONE. Do not make the misCAUroRmA RCWT

take of thinking it is planned only for Church officials. Oakland, California August 1216

On the contrary,1 it offers challenging,"** stimulating SantaOrangeMonica,County,CaliforniaCalifornia "'August 22, 23,S'24 helps for all members of the Church and friends to San Fernando, California August 26, 27, 28 become better leaders and better citizens in the home, *anLas Vegas,Gabriel NevadaCalifornia AugustSeptember29 4,30 5, 316 the community and the Church. COLORADO CIRCUIT

Denver September 9, 10, 11 PLAN NOW TO ATTEND Brigham Young University I

Exploring the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

PACKS, NEW!

ANCIENT HORSESHOES

Horses were not shod anciently cupREMcthough there were temporary metal, tinsleather, or straw shoes attached to HP,j animals'feet when the ground was QtS FOHS?Jff

hard or slippery. Permanent iron

horseshoes attached with nails may have been adopted from the nomads by German tribes of prehistoric

Europe of the second century BC.

Some think they were a Roman invention, at least they are commonin sites from the first century BC. PACKS

A mule's loss of its shoe is mentioned by the Roman Catullus in thefirst centurv BC. CRISP*

Now, twice as many individually wrapped packs in every package of Supreme Saltine

Crackers means you open fewer crackers at a time... keep the rest sealed up fresh and

crisp. Get a package next time you shop

... enjoy fresher, crisper Supreme Saltine

BIRDS VS. INSECTS

Crackers often.

Birds seem to operate more efficiently than insects since for equal amounts of muscle, birds have a Enjoy Supreme cookies, too...they're

power output of about 2.5 times that "Kitchen rich"good... baked as you

of insects. Experiments with a 2- would!

gram (1/14 ounce) locust found that in an hour of flying it expended enough energy to lift a threepound weight to a height of over 27 feet.

NEW MEASUREMENT

As of October 14, 1960, the world has a new standard of length. Replacing the meter bar which has

been the standard for more than 70 years is a primary standard of 1,650,763.73 wave lengths of the

orangered line of crypton86 to one meter. The second of time is now

defined as 1/31,556,925.9847 part of

the tropical year 1900, instead of 1/86,400 part of the mean solar day. JUNE 1963 SUPREME433

The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood mm mmm Quorums,Associations,MutualWardImprovementTeachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education,

Christ of of Jesus Saints. M—BMWm ChurchandLatterdayother agencies of The

Contents for June 1963 Volume 66* Number 6

Church Features

The Editor's Page: The Prophet Joseph Smith, President David 0. McKay....444 ART AND PICTURE CREDITS

440: Photo, Lorry Rytting

Portrait, Gittins Alvin Clark RalphYour Question: How Could the Melchizedek Priesthood Be Taken away 445:444: Photo,

from Israel? President Joseph Fielding Smith 446 452:457: Sculpture,Art, PhyllisMichelangeloLuch

General Conference: 458461:542: Top Photos,drawing,RalphTed NagataClark

The Restored Gospel—An Ensign to the Nations, 553567:54445-46:Art,Art,SiegfriedLynn FreemanWidmar

President David. O McKay.462 558561: Photos, Robert Perine

"Where Much Is Given..."President Henry D. Moyle 462 All otherStudioart and photos, Ralph Reynolds

Be Doers of the Word, President Hugh B. Brown 466

Our Responsibilities on the Sabbath Day, President Joseph Fielding Smith 468

General Conference Index...437

The Church Moves On, 438; Melchizedek Priesthood, 540; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 542.

Special Features

Fifty Years of Beehive, Marba C. Josephson.....448

Can Men Know God? Alma P. Burton 452

"Only the Fit Survive"455 Genealogy: Visual Aids, 456

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 433; These Times: Commencement Time,

Evaluating Education, G. Homer Durham, 440.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Keole....544

THE ERA OF YOUTH 553

The Last Word,. 568

Stories, Poetry A Question of Giving, Lottie McLaughlin p 451

Poetry 482, 483, 504, 513

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah

Editor; Editors; C. Richard O. Green, and David Associate Josephson, Managing Editor; Doyle Marba Managing McKay Albert

Editorial Larsen, Blake, Associates; Research Stephan, H. ReedL. Arlene Pinnock, Today's Florence FamilyL.Editor;Zobell,MarJr., the cover

Editor; Associate ion Era Direction: D. Hanks, Era E.YouthGrant,L.Editor;Evans, Youth JudithElaine Editor;TheCarter Art Cannon, Studio, The of ReynoldsB. of Ralph

S. G. Harris, Franklin Durham, Homer typical of great the In a scene

G. Carlos Smith, General Manager; Jr.,FlorenceHugh Nibley,S. Jacobsen,SidneyAssociateB. Sperry.GeneralAlmaManager;A. Gardiner,Verl NathanF. Scott,E.BusinessTanner,Manager;ContributingA. GlenEditors.Snarr, Subscription desert, this American southwest gnarled Director; Director. Advertising Evans,Jr., Thayer

juniper stands sentinel against the colorful backdrop Copyright 1963 published Funds, by Mutual and Saints. All rights of Christ Associations Improvement by the Mutual of Latterday Jesus Church The

reserved. price Subscription in year, $3.00 aInc., in for issues. special advance; subscriptions, foreign except advance;of single $3.50 a year, copy, 35c B. Lucien Bown of ofChester,a rockUtah,formation.

Salt Office, Entered Post the City, Lake as secondclass matter. at for 1103. Utah special rate for in section mailing postage provided Act is Acceptance of the photographer.

of authorized 1917, Octoberat 1918. 2, July

Improvement The Era a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbutreturn.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c

Thirty changesdays'cannotnoticebe madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address byCoverDeseretLithographedNews Press,in full color

434 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA You are invited to participate in an

OUTSTANDING LAND INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY... at Silver Creek, Utah

... site of Salt Lake City's

future suburb

just 25 miles from downtown LAND, "the basis of wealth,"now available to the small investor!

Salt Lake and only 20 minutes Situated on 3200 acres of lovely mountain meadowland and gently... with the majestic skyline of the Wasatchfrom the city limits on allweather sloping foothills

... and right in the path of expressways! mountains towering in the distance

natural suburban development for the mushrooming Salt Lake CityProvo-Ogden population* complex... Silver Creek land should easily

right at the heart of recreational appreciate in value in a few years by a substantial amount over its northern Utah—with the unique low predevelopment first offering price.

new Park City "4-Season Alpine *"Utah's net inmigration during the last two years has been three times as great as during... and the State's population (most of which is within 50 miles Playland"and the new Wasatch the preceding 10 years"

of Silver Creek)... "is expected to surpass J million in 1965"—Statistical Abstract of

State Park only 6 to 8 miles away! Government in Utah, Feb. I, 1963, Utah Foundation.

out of the city's winter smog and Invest in a 6-to-l 6 acre Silver Creek Estate now for only

... summer heat... where there is 3900 up** $390 down $39 a month

clear, clean air... bright sunny 10 years to pay... only 6% simple interest per year unpaid balance

days... and a relaxed western way **(this low predevelopment price is offeredfor limited time only and is

of life with abundant hunting, fishsubject to increase without notice) 5% DISCOUNT FOR CASH!

ing, camping, picnicking, golfing,... Hold it... Profit... Now—You enjoy a 6-to-l 6 acre ranch motorboating and waterskiing, Buy it

estate for sunshiny country living at the heart of recreational skiing and ski lifts, diningdancing northern Utah. Later—As Salt Lake City's new "Silver Creek"

... all nearby! suburbj develops... you subdivide your tract into 6 or 8 lots which

should sell at a good profit... and still retain your own homesite.

(Natural gas, electric power, telephone service and water are all nearby

The early investors enjoy the lowest prices \

Naturally, the earlier you buy the property and and economically available and water well rights are included. Crowned

the longer you hold it. the greater is your profit and graded roads are being extended to each tract. Septic tanks can be

potential. installed economically.)

No closing costs or hidden charges of Drive up Parley's Canyon

To: Silver Corporation Ranch Creek to Silver (U.S. Creek... 40) kindany

P. City, Salt O. 1537, Box Lake Utah

Office, Silver at Title Insurance Warranty Estates Policy and to: Please send information complete

Junction perCreek and given at conclusiondeed you ofpayment.. Name My this inspect propsonally property. yourfor Address Salt or erty... Phone:

Lake City 3636100 (area City.....Zone State

SALES REPRESENTATIVES: Dean A. Riddle, Realtor, code 801 )... or mail Phone

HU 7-7751: Jerry Mooney, Realtor, 3222425 coupon.

JUNE 1963 435 "all that mankind has done, thought, gained, or been—

it is lying as in magic preservation in the pages

THOMAS CARLYLE of books. '

Jimmy M?i

New! Jimmy Moss by Himself

A delightful autobigraphy by the father of the Utah Senator Frank E. Moss.

This "Father of Utah Basketball"was a prominent Utah educator and Latterday Saint bishop whose interest in voung men earned for him the reputation of a teacher of "boyology."$3.50

New! Family Leadership—Inspired Counsel for Parents

compiled by V. Dallas Merrell

From the minds and hearts of inspired leaders of the Church, both past and present, comes this compilation of wisdom for the guidance of parents in these trying times. A must for every father and mother. A book to refer to again

and again. $2.95

New! Corner on Youth by Elaine Camwn

Only Clever, witty, and modern verse in a delightfully illustrated little volume. Here

that everv a book business woman, YWMIAteen willgeneralappreciate.boardWrittenmember,bv anda Latterdayan associateSainteditormother,of $g9 5 theis Era Youth $1.50 of

E. Talmage by James the ChriSt PEARL OF GREAT PRICE New! JeSUS

that print the the large of edition new, are priesthood using book quorums A in Living Sound to this year. as read read a study a It should This is not just once. be bookNEW! THE

Recorded by one of the finest professional Church voices on again and again. $3.95

four long play 33V3 records of the finest vinyl. Comes in a New! What DO I DO KnOW? by Barbara T. Jacobs and Dorothy Bowen

textured, clothbound album with a full color cover. IntroducAn excellent volume of manners and etiquette for teens that adults will also

tion to the album written by Milton R. Hunter of the First ofbenefitfacingfrom.socict\Thisandbookwill willpreparesave themvoungforpeopleany situationfrom manvthat ofmaythearise.heartaches$3.50

Council of the Seventy.

Order from Deseret Book or from your local LDS Book Dealer

Desert Book Company, 44 East South Temple

Salt Lake City 2, Utah Gentlemen: Please find enclosed chock monev order I have an tte$eretCOMPANY Bookaccount, please charge Amount enclosed $ for

encircled books: 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL

SALT LAKE CITY 3 4 5 6 7 8 2472 BLVD., WASHINGTON OGDEN 12 777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA.Name

Address.

City Zone Statt

Residents of Utah include 3% sales tax.

Conference Index SPEAKERS Benson, Ezra Taft 514 Brockbank, Bernard P 526 Brown, Hugh B 466, 506 Brown, Victor L 496 Christiansen, EIRay L 494 Critchlow, William J., Jr 480

Dyer, Alvin R. 486

Evans, Richard L 474 Hinckley, Gordon B 528 Hunter, Howard W 512 472 Choose any one of these Hunter, R. Milton

Isaacson, B. 468 Thorpe

Ivins, 470 outstanding recordings for R. Antoine

Kimball, Spencer W 490CROSS FIRE: Lee, Harold B 500 only $1.00 and become a

Longden, John 476 McKay, 508, 533 462, David 506 member of the L.D.S. 462, Moyle, Henry D

514 Packer, Boyd K Richards, Franklin 520 RECORD CLUB. D.

518 Richards, LeGrand select (or reject) A AS MEMBER you may 498 Marion Romney,

'. selecreligious "collectors"the various 484 Sill, Sterling W G

tions the offered that will during be L. Simpson, 488 Robert

Stapley, Delbert L 482 coming year. There is no obligation to

Smith, Eldred G 474 buy ANY of the selections (as there is

Smith, Joseph Fielding 468 in other record clubs), yet the selections 476 Sonne, Alma will offered available through be ONLY 510 Tanner, Eldon Nathan this club. a $1.00 makes Your you 520 Taylor, D. Henry

to entitles the of club you and member Vandenberg, John H 478 either: choose 498 S. Dilworth Young,

SUBJECTS VIolUINo, containing three excerpts

Authority 510 from the Doctrine and Covenants. 12Book of Mormon 490, 498, 520 inch, 33 Vi RPM. Sells regularly for

Brotherhood 470 $3.98.

Church Growth 462, 506, 520 474 Commandments PIONEERS SONGS OF MORMON 514 466, Communism trek westsongs from historic 514 Authentic Constitution (US) $095 CourageCorrelation Program 500508 ward,page "Songs"sung by Rosaliebooklet.Sorrels.PackagePlusnor20-

by Ezra Taft Benson CrimeDebt 468528 mally sells for $4.98.

Eternal Life 474, 520 THE EIGHT YEARS FaithFasting 506478 VOICEtaining fourFROMcontrastingTHE DUST con496 Freedom recording complete PLr.WITH Forgiveness 526 passages from the * EISENHOWER 462, 466 Gospel of of the Book

reveals and the problems Elder Benson 476 Home Mormon.

533 Influence of simpleliving a pleasures Mormon family in Washington, D.C. limelight and Jesus Christ 462, 472, 484

tells of harsh political infighting and LamanitesLove 476, 494, 526498 many inside facts about behindthe-scene Man 520

Washington life. A great book for everyMcKay, President David 480, 526

one to read regardless of political affiliaMissionaries 462, 518, 528 tion. PeacePatriotism 462514

Pioneers 476 Prayer 528 Priesthood 500, 506, 508 Prophets, Ancient 486 Repentance 466 Responsibility 533 Restoration 486, 510, 520 Resurrection 484, 512 Revelation 498 Sabbath Day 468, 494 Salvation 494 Selfcontrol 533 Sin 482 YES, send me:

Success 496 "Visions""Songs"\T\ "Voice"474 Testimony Thrift 468 andClubaddmailingmy namelist. toMyyour$1 isLDSenclosed.Record Tithing 488, 494, 506

Word of Wisdom 488, 496, 514 NAME

Youth 514, 472, 506 ADDRESS.

NOTE: President Levi Edgar Young of the

presicurrently mission serving as following areSO YOU WANT TO First Council of the Seventy did not speak. The CITY the conferat not in attendance were dents and

Elder the Twelve, Theodore M. Burton, of RAISE A BOY? ence: Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Council and of the Twelve, Council to the Assistant

by W. Cleon Skousen Elders Bruce R. McConkie, Marion D. Hanks,

A. and Theodore Tuttle, all of the First Council 248 East 3900 South the Seventy. Former Salt Lake City Police Chief and of

FBI man Skousen has penned this readSalt Lake City, Utah able, skillful, common sense account of the ABC's of child psychology from birth to age 21. Here is an excellent guide to

raising welladjusted boys.

A TOTAL ELECTRIC GOLD The Church Moves MEDALLION On HOME

APRIL 1963

With President David O. McKay presiding and conducting,

the 133rd annual general conference of the Church opened this morning in the Salt Lake Tabernacle. Some 156 television and

30 radio stations, according to the radio, publicity, and mission literature office of the Church, broadcast all or parts of the daylight general sessions of the threeday conference. It's interesting to

try to piece together the history of the broadcasting of these con-

A wonderful new ferences. At the close of the final session of the October 1923

said: Deseret has "The News J. Grant

this afterhere and this morning way to live beenconference,broadcastingPresidentall Heberthe remarks noon."The News was a pioneer in radio broadcasting in Salt Lake

City. Was that Sunday the delight of the crystal set owners, or

were the facilities just a "public address"amplification that October

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. 7 to the Tabernacle grounds? At that conference both Elders

Buy now from your dealer Rudger Clawson and George F. Richards mentioned that they

were grateful that amplifiers had been installed in the Tabernacle.

A year later, as President Grant opened the conference on October 3, 1924, he said: "The exercises of today and throughout the con-

S\. ference are to be broadcasted; and it is estimated that in the

neighborhood of a million people will be able to hear all that is said, provided they are listening in during the conference sessions.

tone Thethingradioabout.is oneToofhavethe mostthe marvelousvoice carriedinventionsfor thousandsman knowsof milesanyin writing Glade, J.

the October 1924 in the seemsthe Januaryalmost 1925beyondImprovementcomprehension."Era saidEarlthat

finest conference was the first to have the entire proceedings broadcast by radio. The station was KFPT, whose call letters have long

tradition since been changed to KSL. KSL TV started televising the general

conference in October 1949, twentyfive years after their parent organization began broadcasting it by radio. In all, it was estimated that the April 1963 conference was available to some ninety

million viewers in their homes.

At a special meeting in the Tabernacle this evening, under the direction of the Presiding Rishopric, the motion picture Windows of

Heaven, a film on tithing produced by the Church, was shown to stake presidencies and ward bishoprics.

Returned missionaries held many of their semiannual reunions this evening.

An early morning church welfare meeting was held in the

Assembly Hall on Temple Square.

Worshipful, inspiring tone in At the afternoon session of the general conference, the church the tradition of the world's membership as of December 31, 1962, was announced as 1,965,786.

great organs for every requireThis was a net increase of 142,125 members during the year.

ment.. in every price range. The general priesthood meeting was held in the Tabernacle

Visit our studio for a tonal this evening. Closedcircuit telephone connections brought the indemonstration of the Allen spiration and the counsel of that meeting to priesthood bearers

... "the organ that sounds convened in 359 meeting places of the Church. Estimated attendlike an organ"ance at this meeting is 62,000.

Traditional missionary reunions were held in Salt Lake City

SUMMERHAYS MUSIC after the priesthood session.

3719 South State

Salt Lake City, Utah

438 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Proper nutrition through proper diet is explained in downto-earth language as a guide to better health. The author

reveals new knowledge on the use of whole grains and natural foods as contrasted with processed foods. Definitely

not a book for food faddists, but a book on proper nutrition as viewed in keeping the Word of Wisdom. $2.25

2. BOOK OF MORMON,

KEY TO CONVERSION by Glenn L. Pearson

The Book of Mormon is our greatest missionary. Here a faculty member of

BYU explains the most effective use of this tool in missionary work. Every

member of the church should read this knowledgeable volume and have the ready answers it provides to most often asked questions. $1.50

by Ezra Taft Benson

Here are three great speeches delivered by Elder Benson, presented now in printed form to fill the hundreds of requests from across the nation. These

addresses deal with the Cuban controversy, and why it is necessary for each citizen to do his part to preserve our American way of life. $1.00

4. TALKS THAT TEACH

Anyone who lectures or teaches will find great merit in this compilation of 72 original stories. A companion volume to the author's bestselling "2%

Minute Talk Treasury,"this book is filled with illustrations to help the reader adapt and apply the stories to most any situation. $2.00

ORDER BY MAIL OR FROM YOUR NEAREST BOOKCRAFT DEALER

Bookcraft 6-63 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled, books for which I enclose check or money order for $ 1 2 3 4

Address.

City.... Zone. State

JUNE 1963 439 P.L.C. landscape co.

Commencement Time: Evaluating

Education THESE TIMES By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University, Tempe

tnaas & grossli landscape pir&tttH&fc

provo 373*8325 fen 3*9-2931 self loke city 4664746

The educational systems of the the economic and social life of the

AND PRINTED per row. theUnitedworld.StatesTheseare manythe systems—envy of nationschoolroomseach yearare preparedfrom the tonation'sapply

For any 6, 8 or 1 2 Exposure B A W Roll whether publicly supported by taxathe knowledge, techniques, and

JUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll tion in local districts, privately processes of the past. But more than

ments, and patrons of influence creative great universiof wealth and COLOR FILM achievement,supported from student fees, endowthis, thanks to the stimulating and ties or churchestablished research, centers of and

DEVELOPING and related—combine to have proand more of these people, even morehigh

the highest of living duced to standard school graduates, are prepared KODACOLOR in people the world. for any to anticithe future Let anticipate and 8-Exposure Roll per

Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll nothing be taken away from our pate it better than any people on

1 2-Exposure Roll per rich natural resources, our contithe face of the earth, so far as

Dev. and Printing $3.00 roll nental base, leadership, managerial is concerned. knowledge The wisReprints Color 20< each

enterprise system, its inventiveness, with which this knowledge dom

COLOR SLIDES creativity, and leadership. At the used is another matter. is

135 mm Color Slides per same time, let us remember that From time to time, we hear noisy 135 exp.,mm ColorDev. andSlidesMount $ 1.35 rollper Brazil, approximately the same size, criticism of these school systems,

36 exp., Dev, and Mount $2.40 roll or India, with similar resources, has their methods, their production, and

Color Movie per not achieved the same results. A sigthe teachers and administrators who

8 mm, 25'Roll $ 1.35 roll nal difference, let it always be reoperate them. Much of this critiideals to cism is which, the basic lies in the due the investment

in frontier the the sevenon bornGENEALOGY PHOTOS peoplemembered,of the States have United

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD made through their local school disteenth century, have spread throughPHOTOS, 60c each. PRINTS tricts, their churches, and through out every part of our land. These

of NEGATIVE, 4c each their private means in our systems ideals are the pursuit of perfectibility

Send coin only - no C.O.D.'s of schools. The trained citizenry and and the search for progress. Linked

MoneyBack Guarantee cultivated talent which flows into together, the ideals of progress and

SAMSP. O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept.PHOTOAA Sail lake City,LABUtah

440 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

behind this coin...

perfectibility explain much in American life, including the aspirations of our citizens for better schools.

While it is important to focus responsibility and attention on school boards, teachertraining institutions, teachers, administrators, and educational associations, it should be remembered that the American people is a hearing aid expect perhaps too much from their school systems. We forget that the

schools are a limited instrument, that other institutions and groups share responsibility.

*:.. A century ago the American peo- %

ple expected the schools, at the primary and grammar school level, to turn out people equipped with the three R's. A literate citizen who

foresee with andcould the mind of arithmeticcalculate symin terms it's the S0N0T0NE "WispEar"for cordless hearing!i

abilities tobols, these then use and it fits all in the ear It ear. That's slips right into unnothe there See... and how how his his family's, and own,enhance

it is. ticeable obligation. is! cost wires. There's cords, tubes, or no outside Women No position—thisthe community's in it curl. Just below. the send coupon with a is hide

what was expected of the schools. And the "WispEar"is not only smaller

What is the picture today? Today, than a nickel... it's lighter, too. Weighs only Please send me the free actualsize replica of

the hearing aid to Sonotone "WispEar"society expects battery. theAmerican with of... even an ounce the schools %th

cost or obligation.... without examine

It's aid for people ideal hearing the who following: of theto do some

1. Care for the physical health of need hearing help only part of the time. Name

their children, including the proviWant to see the "WispEar"? Sonotone Streetplastic replicas that of a limited numbersion of nursing care, physical examhas City Zone State aids. hearing actual size as the are the same

inations, the inculcation of hygienic They are available... free. If you have a Dept. 10163

practices, immunization,personal hearing problem, why not send for one? Elmsford, N.Y.Sonotone!

or poliowhether smallpox shots ( you have all been to the schoolrooms for these), and so forth.

2. After taking care of the physical u rr

health of their children, we nowexpect the schools to shape their BURNED OUT personalities and behavior so that REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY they are independent thinkers, courageous, moral, unselfish, good citi- A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, zens, vigorous defenders of truthwith tremendous added expense before you find while we take them to school in our another.

motorcars, running through red Let us explain your need for ample insurance lights, gliding through stop signs, to cover today's higher values.

breaking the speed limits, ignoring "no left hand turn"signs when ( Continued on page 550 UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

JUNE 1963 441 RAIN BIRD for EVERY sprinkling need Letters and Reports

Whatever your sprinkling requirements—large

area, small area, along walks, under trees, on hillsides—there's a

Rain Bird model to do the job efficiently without water waste. There are

Rain Bird Sprinklers which can be adjusted for any part of circle, or full CORRECTION EVERY ERA A MISSIONARY circle, and distance of water throw. All give Inadvertently, the line, "4-5 cups flour,"Your magazine is simply amazing. There

slow, uniform coverage was dropped from the recipe for Basic is surely a great deal of inspiration in the with maximum included. are ideas which and issue. "Toarticles Butter Bolls in For the May

benefits.watering as I material reading "inhaled"I've never apologies readers with from day's Family"

the Eras; God bless you for your the Basic Butter Bolls recipe have Era staff, high the The same

efforts. reprinted. is correctly quality and

advancement, a missionary,"I say, "Every member Rolls Basic Butter which has it I say, case; will that hoping be the }i butter 4-5 pound cups flour distinguished

it that a missionary,"knowing Era "EveryRain Bird throughout the cakes cup water 2 yeast % is forworld years, 26 is truth. salt 1 teaspoon cups scalded milk

ininherent every Rain Bird lM Very Sincerely, sugar tablespoons 2 2 eggssprinkler buy today. you

Sister Mary Ellen Edmunds salt, water, cold the add the milk, Southern Far East Mission Literature gladly sent free on request. Scald the and the add eggs Beat and sugar.

NATIONAL RAIN BIRD SALES fc ENGINEERING CORP. scalded milk mixture. Break the yeast into FROM SOUTH AFRICA

627 N. San Gabriel Avenue, Azusa 4, California the mixture. Beat and add the flour, and

beat well. Let stand covered in a warm For a long time I have been meaning to

place until double in bulk. Boll out to 18 write and tell you how very much I and

by 12 inches, spread with the softened my nonMormon friends enjoy your Era of butter. Cut into 1% inch strips, cut strips Youth. I feel a bit sad that there are only

into IX inch lengths and stack three tosixteen pages to last a whole month.

gether and stand on end in greased muffin It was a special boon at boarding school tins. Let stand covered until double in where there was no Church, and not

bulk again. Bake at 425 degrees F. until enough time to read a long article needing

golden brown. concentration.

I am finished school now, and back in an organized branch, but I shall not cease Tlfc'to read these gems, nor to say, "Thank you,"every time I do read them.

Phoenix, Your Sister in South Africa,

Powrie Wota Arizona JudyFlorida Park, Transvaal, S.A.

PEACE CORPS WORKER

Never did I realize just how much the

Church was a part of my life until I left my home in Springville, Utah to come to

Liberia as a Peace Corps volunteer. I knew

I would miss the Church, but I miss it more than I had thought. I've met no

other Mormons in Liberia nor do I know of many in the whole of West Africa.

The people here, both American and

Liberian, are wonderful—but, oh, what I'd

FABULOUS, ROMANTIC giveIt wasto seealmosta Mormonlike doingand thisshakewhenhis hand.I rePOLYNESIAN ceived my first issue of my gift subscripfamily. It put of the tion Era from me my

again ATMOSPHERE MISSIONARY in been with I had touch what found only in the tropics or in the center Pictured is Sister Josie O. H. Alleman rewithout for four months.

release of honorable like I should perhaps, the Era, a certificate ceiving Through of Phoenix, Arizona's Resort Area East Hansen, in with Los to President John F. get in touch any Mormons my from

at the Angeles Stake Mission. Sister Alleman is area of Africa.

KON TIKI HOTEL second84, and consecutivewas releasedtwoyearafter completingstake mission.her KarenSincerely,Johnson

LDS Owned and Operated She was responsible for twentythree Liberian Peace Corps Volunteer conversions. Monrovia, Liberia

2364 E. Van Buren, Phoenix, Arizona

TWX 602255-0225 Phone 2546121

44a THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Now...there's a travel bureau

in every Conoco station

I

I

New Conoco I TOURAIDE Travel Center if you want the most complete encycloThe finest and most complete travel And pedia of auto travel ever published, ask for service offered by any oil company Conoco's Deluxe Touraide. 128 colorful pages of

Count on your Conoco dealer to make travel by travel help; maps, mileage charts, national parks,

car more carefree than ever before. Because now "inand-out"city maps... the works! It's a genthere's a travel bureau in every Conoco station. uine $3.00 value for just $1.25!

The heart of this travel bureau is Conoco's Before you take a trip, stop at the Conoco

Touraide Travel Center—the travel bureau at Touraide Travel Center—a whole rack full of upto-theminute travel information... new travel your neighborhood Conoco station. That's the

ideas, the finest 1963 state and city maps; suggesway to go first class!

tions on where to go, what to see, where to eat and sleep. Conoco helps you plan your trip; helps Before you go... as you go... count on

you while you're on the road.

If you're thinking of any trip, short or long, be sure to ask for your free Conoco Pocket Touraide CONOCO... 16 full color pages of travel tips and easyto- Hottest Brand Going!

read road maps of the U.S., Canada and Mexico. 1963, Continental Oil Company

JUNE 1963 443 I rejoice with my brethren and sisters that God so loved the world that he sent his Only Begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. Under that inspiration

he established his Church, that mankind might have peace through obedience to the gospel. There is

no other way. Men everywhere

strive for peace, but as they attain it, they do so only to the extent that they apply the principles of the gospel. The gospel of Christ is the

philosophy of life; it is the science

of living; and its essence was

heralded by the angels two thousand years ago.

Such was the spirit of the gospel revealed to Joseph Smith, the great latterday Prophet, to whom the

Father and the Son revealed themselves and later sent angelic mesJoseph Smith and the place of his birth sengers with instructions for this young man. He is one of the

prophets through whom Jesus our

Lord has spoken in this age, and TheProphet what has he brought us? That

same story, that same gospel, that

Jesus established while he labored Joseph Smith in mortality. Oh, what a message

then came to the world.

No one unbiased in his judgment can study the life of this religious leader without being impressed with the fact that he possessed in a rich degree the qualities of true greatness, the source of which is found in a desire to know God's will and in a determination, when it is found, to follow it.

Joseph Smith's span of life extended from December 23, 1805

444 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to June 27, 1844—thirtyeight years unit attends to its own affairs, yet

and six months. During that period each is so closely united with the

he translated the Book of Mormon central government that modes by divine guidance; received the of procedure proved useful and

revelations which are found in the beneficial to a local group can

Doctrine and Covenants; received be adopted without unnecessary

revelations and translated ancient delay for the good of the entire manuscripts which are in the Pearl membership.

of Great Price; rose from a laborer Thus is the Church by means of

on the stubbornly yielding farms of its complete organization the most

New England and New York to be efficient in supplying fundamental mayor of the largest city of Illinois, needs contributive to personal when Chicago was but a small city; happiness, social harmony, and

organized the School of the Prophpeace. I refer to such needs as

ets; founded a university; and brotherhood, education, amicable

organized the Church, which in adjustment of misunderstandings, completeness in organization and in provision for social and economic helpfulness to its members comrequirements, and, above all, spirmands the admiration even of itual growth.

the hypercritical and prejudiced—Joseph Smith's concept and pres-

a Church bringing spiritual comfort entation of God's eternal plan for THE EDITOR'S PAGE and inspiration today to some two the happiness and salvation of his BY million members throughout the children may be summed up in the PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

world. allinclusive declaration: "... this

A careful study of the organizais my work and my glory—"saith

tion of the Church discloses the fact the Lord, "to bring to pass the imthat as its prototype—the original mortality and eternal life of man."

Church as established by Jesus (Moses 1:39.)

Christ during his sojourn in morThe Prophet's life and the tality—(1) it embodies all the virChurch which under God he retues of a strong central governmnt, stored stand as new evidence of

with every provision necessary to Jesus the Christ as the Son of God:

safeguard the right and progress of "... this is the testimony, last of

the individual; (2) in its quorums all, which we give of him: That he

and auxiliaries, it offers a system of lives!"(D&C 76:22.)

education general in scope and free With the Prophet Joseph Smith, in application—the safety valve, in- I do solemnly testify that this

deed, the very heart and strength is the Church of Jesus Christ;

of a selfgoverning group; (3) in that the Living Christ is at its

its ecclesiastical groupings—stakes, head; his plan is mankind's anchor;

missions, wards, branches, quoand his gospel is the surest, the rums, auxiliaries—it enhances effisafest guide for the individual

ciency and progress. Every local and for nations.

JUNE 1963 445 HOW COULD THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD BE TAKEN AWAY FROM ISRAEL?

question: "There is some misrequires the Melchizedek Priestunderstanding among the members hood in order to confirm members

of our class regarding the stateof the Church. If the statement

ment in the Doctrine and Coveis correct, then there was no onenants where we read that the YOUR left to officiate in the bestowal of

Melchizedek Priesthood was taken the Holy Ghost. Yet Peter states

away from Israel after the de- 'For the prophecy came not in oldparture of Moses, and the house QUEStime by the will of man: but holy

of Israel was left with the Aaronic men of God spake as they were

Priesthood which holds 'the keys of moved by the Holy Ghost.'(2 Peterthe administering of angels and the TION 1:21.) We were unable to underpreparatory gospel,'and the carstand how Israel could continue

nal commandments. (D6-C 84:25without ministers who could officiate in the ordinances of the26.) What we are troubled about ANSWERED BY

is how could Israel exist with only gospel in the offices of the Melthe Aaronic Priesthood and the law chizedek Priesthood. Is there a JOSEPH clear statement in relation toof Moses or carnal commandments?

this problem?"Now if we understand correctly it FIELDING

ANSWER: When the Israelites left time came for Israel to cross thethe land of Egypt, the Lord offered SMITH Jordan and enter into their inheritto give them the full powers of PRESIDENT OF ance, the prophetic warning the

the priesthood if they would obey THE COUNCIL Lord had given them was fulfilled as in the book of Numbers.his commandments and be faithful OF THE TWELVE recorded

to their covenants. They did not "And the Lord spake unto Moses

prove themselves worthy or preand unto Aaron, saying, pared for such a blessing. Therefore the Lord "How long shall I bear with this evil congregation,

withdrew the blessings of the Melchizedek Priesthood which murmur against me? I have heard the murmurfrom male members of the tribes of Israel and left ings of the children of Israel, which they murmur

with them the Aaronic Priesthood, and this likewise against me.

was confined to the tribe of Levi which tribe officiated "Say unto them, As truly as I live, saith the Lord, in sacrifices for Israel. This is a very interesting as ye have spoken in mine ears, so will I do to you:

story and should prove to be a lesson to modern Israel. "Your carcases shall fall in this wilderness; and all

All through the journey of the Israelites in the that were numbered of you, according to your whole wilderness, the Lord gave them an abundance of number, from twenty years old and upward, which blessings and poured out upon them many miracles, have murmured against me, showing his kindness and consideration for all of "Doubtless ye shall not come into the land, concernwhich they manifested ingratitude. Their wanderings ing which I sware to make you dwell therein, save

reveal a very interesting history which should be a Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun.

benefit and a lesson to us in our journeyings and "But your little ones, which ye said should be a responsibilities in this the final dispensation so that prey, them will I bring in, and they shall know the we will not bring down upon us the displeasure land which ye have despised.

of the Lord. "But as for you, your carcases, they shall fall in

All through their sojourn in the wilderness, Israel this wilderness.

showed the disposition of spoiled children. They evi- "And your children shall wander in the wilderness

dently failed to comprehend the teachings of the forty years, and bear your whoredoms, until your carLord that were given to Moses. Therefore when the cases be wasted in the wilderness."(Num. 14:2633.)

446 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Therefore when the time came for the crossing of ing as they were written at the first on the tables the Jordan, the adults who had left Egypt had perwhich thou brakest; but it shall not be according

ished, all except two men who had maintained their to the first, for I will take away the priesthood out integrity. Even Moses and Aaron were denied the of their midst; therefore my holy order, and the order,

privilege of entering the promised land. and the ordinances thereof, shall not go before them;

For forty years the Israelites murmured and showed for my presence shall not go up in their midst, lest the spirit of rebellion. They failed to comprehend the I destroy them.

great manifestations of the Lord from time to time in "But I will give unto them the law as at the first, their behalf. The Lord blessed them with manna in but it shall be after the law of a carnal commandthe wilderness, with quail when they clamored for ment; for I have sworn in my wrath, that they shall

meat, for springs of water miraculously discovered, not enter into my presence, into my rest, in the days and in a thousand ways manifested his love and power of their pilgrimage. Therefore do as I have commanded

in their behalf. Notwithstanding all of this the Lord thee, and be ready in the morning, and come up in the

still loved them and made great promises to them. morning unto mount Sinai, and present thyself there to

When Moses went into the mountain and remained me, in the top of the mount."(Exodus 34:1-2.)

for forty days, they rebelled and turned to the false So we see that Israel through rebellion lost the worship of the Egyptians. On that visit into the blessings that were first offered to them. Let it be

mountain the Lord gave to Moses certain commandremembered that it was the intention of the Lord, ments written on tables of stone. When Moses dishad Israel been faithful, to give them the fulness of

covered the rebellion and idolatry of Israel, he threw the priesthood. This blessing they could not receive,

down these tables and broke them. What did they and therefore they were given the lesser priesthood

contain? Commandments pertaining to the fulness and the carnal, or temporal law.

of the gospel! After this act the Lord called Moses Let us not lose sight of the fact that all through the

back into the mountain and gave him other comhistory of Israel until the coming of our Redeemer, mandments on the second tables of stone. Did the the blessings of the Holy Priesthood were restricted.

second tables contain the same things which were It was not given universally to the tribes, but of written on the first? No! Not in all things! In the necessity there had to be some faithful men upon

Bible translations that are current it is stated that whom the Melchizedek Priesthood was conferred. All

these tables contained the same things which were of the prophets held the Melchizedek Priesthood, written on the first, however through the revelation but the Prophet Joseph Smith has informed us that to the Prophet Joseph Smith we have learned that the in each case it was by special divine appointment.

second tables did not contain all of the things that (Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 181.)

were on the first. The first contained the authority of the There was never a time in Israel when there was not

gospel which pertained to the blessings of the Mel- a prophet with divine authority with power to confirm chizedek Priesthood. Had Israel accepted the first plates and perform other ordinances. We are informed that

in sincere faith, Israel would have had the blessings of Elijah was the last of the ancient prophets upon whom the Melchizedek Priesthood and the clear principles of the fulness was bestowed. He had power to seal the

the gospel. The Lord substituted the commandments, heavens that it did not rain. He had power to call down

and we have them as they are recorded in the book of fire from heaven, to increase the widow's meal, and to

Exodus and the blessings of the universal bestowal of raise the widow's son; the son had died. So other

the Melchizedek Priesthood was withdrawn. prophets like Isaiah, Jeremiah, Ezekiel, and Daniel

We read in the translation, or inspired revision which were blessed with the Melchizedek Priesthood. They

was given by divine commandment to the Prophet Jocould officiate among the people, but there was no uniseph Smith concerning the second tables, the following: versal bestowal of authority among the tribes, from the

"And the Lord said unto Moses, Hew these two time of the entrance of Israel into the promised land, other tables of stone, like unto the first, and I will until the coming of our Savior. When he came, the fulwrite upon them also, the words of the law, accordness of the gospel and of divine authority was restored.

JUNE 1963 447 448 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR

No article can tell what Beehive has meant through the Camp Fire program in the United States. The

the fifty years of its history in the YWMIA. A force gymnasium early recognized that the work would

for good, it has also brought lasting joy and purpose not be suitable for their members, but all four of the to the thousands of young women who have been women felt that the program would prove helpful encouraged in the Latterday Saint way of life by for the YWMIA summer program.

the Beehive program. Both programs were tested among two groups of

One mature woman who had been a Beehive girl girls. The Ensign Stake was assigned the Camp

stated: "My Beekeeper knew what she was doing Fire program; Box Elder, the Girl Guides. The effiwhen she had me ride a bicycle through a couple ciency of both programs was evaluated in connection

of inches of sand for five miles to earn a paper seal; with the Latterday Saint young woman in mind. At

but I didn't know it until I was much older. She had the conclusion of the experiment it was decided that

me work so hard and become so tired that I couldn't the Camp Fire Girl program was better suited to the be anything else but good!"needs of the YWMIA. On May 22, 1913, the recomAnother stated: "My Beekeeper had me make baking mendation was made that this program be incorpopowder biscuits, churn butter, make jam, and serve rated into the YWMIA summer activities in order to

to my Beehive swarm. I learned the joy of cooking do something about the "giggling"girls and their

and the pleasure of sharing, and I've been a better "amusements"and "retrenchments."

woman because of the interest of that Beekeeper."Until this time the Young Women's Mutual ImSuch testimonies of the real satisfaction of the work provement Association had consisted of one class

and the devotion of Beekeepers could be multionly. All the women met together in one large group.

plied endlessly. Although the Camp Fire work started as a summer

The original committee consisted of Ann M. Canprogram, it paved the way for other departments to be

non, a woman of deep insight and sensitive spirituality initiated that could better care for the needs of the who served as chairman; Charlotte Stewart, "an young women of the MIA.

expert in all phases of recreation and health; Emily The adoption of the Camp Fire program assured a

C. Adams, a woman of wide experience and excellent uniform summer program for the girls. Prior to this

judgment; and Elen Wallace, a true poet possessed time the various stakes, knowing the importance of

of great spiritual insight"; 1 and Bachel Grant Taylor, summer activity, had originated programs that would

capable and talented in many ways, who served on help meet this need. The great divergence in the

the committee from March through November and activities had, however, been confusing at times rather was then transferred to another committee. than helpful, for when girls moved from one stake to

The story behind the organization is fascinating another, their former stake work would be interrupted, and indicative of the work and inspiration that proand the new program would be entered into too late vided a program that has grown consistently stronger for full accomplishment.

in the YWMIA during the succeeding years—and has In the spring of 1912, Ann M. Cannon had organlasted with surprisingly few changes and adaptations ized a Camp Fire group among some of her nieces

throughout the fifty years of its existence. and other young girls in her own neighborhood. She

In November 1912 Ann M. Cannon and Charlotte had seen how they needed direction during the

Stewart as representatives of the YWMIA general summer months, particularly when school was out, board joined with Ann Nebeker and Adele M. Cannon and they were at loose ends with time hanging heavily

(Howells) directors of the women's work at the on their hands. In that first group were Lois Cannon,

Deseret Gymnasium, to make a thorough study of Maurine Bennion, Edith Teudt, Annie Merrill, Aledia both the Girl Guide movement in Great Britain and Tobiason, and Madelyn Stewart. Later Venice

1 The Improvement Era, 53 [Feb. 1950], "Ann Mousley Cannon,"by

Madelyn Stewart Silver, p. 107.

JUNE 1963 449 Morris, Ada Olson, Lilly Thalmann, Marie Cook, and period of time, the program became a pattern from

Marie Hjorth were included in this first group of which any young woman could profit. The plan

the Camp Fire Girls. recognized the problems confronting her and indiIn 1912 Miss Cannon and Miss Stewart had been in cated ways by which she could build habits of

touch with Dr. Luther H. Gulick, founder and head cleanliness of person and clothing, of health, exerof the Camp Fire Girl program throughout the United cise, and rest, of cooperation in wholesome fun, and

States. They had liked the program. As it was used, withal it brought an awareness of the spiritual values

however, they felt that it was not quite what they essential to crown the joyful life.

desired for the girls of a worldwide church such as Elen Wallace, in an article concerning the symbolthat of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday ism, wrote:

Saints. They wrote to him and expressed some of "Today, I, as one of that committee can say to you

their feelings. Great man that he was, he wrote back that although the whole symbolism came quickly and

to them suggesting that they "take the general prinseemingly with power, we did not understand its full ciples of award and honor.... I should be glad to significance. As it has grown in the past years, we

help by giving comments and criticism based upon really marvel that it came so perfectly. All that was

our experience to anything that you might undertake left for us to do after its coming was to get into it in this direction."and realize how completely it fitted."(The Young

The Camp Fire symbolism had been based upon Woman's Journal, 26 [March 1915], p. 192.)

the American Indian. If the Church were to adopt Dr. Gulick, always quick to assist the infant Beethe program, it must be applicable whether the prohive program, said to a member of the committee

gram was conducted in England, in South Africa, in upon one occasion, "that article on Symbolism in your the South Sea Islands, or in Japan. For approximately Journal is a classic. We are all just beginners in the

two years the Camp Fire Girl plan was carried forgreat work of God, remember."He felt that to a

ward. Then in the March 19, 1914 meeting of the certain degree Beehive work "struck a truer note"

general board, the suggestion was made that the even than his Camp Fire Girl program.

program be made more "suitable to our needs."One of the influential factors in the evolving of the

To Latterday Saints the honeybee has been a symBeehive program had been Maurice Maeterlinck's bol of industry, cooperation, and thrift. Indeed, the Life of the Bee, which the committee read and reread

svmbol.of the Church has become Deseret, taken from in connection with their farreaching plans. Miss

the Book of Mormon in which we learn that the Wallace wrote, "I was very much interested in readJaredites "... did also carry with them deseret, which, ing, once again The Life of the Bee'to find this

by interpretation is a honey bee; thus they did carry sentence in it: 'And yet it is none the less true that

with them swarms of bees,..."(Ether 2:3.) Utah, the queen is essentially merely a sort of living symbol,

as the base of the Church, has become known worldstanding as all symbols must for a vaster, although wide as Deseret. Under President Brigham Young's less perceptible principle.'So you see, even our word

leadership it was known as the State of Deseret. 'symbol'comes from the life of the bee.***

What could be better as a symbol than the honey- "The directing power in the life of the bee, through bee? Once the symbolism of the bee was decided which the beekeeper works, is called, because it is

upon, the imagination reached in many directions, something that, though we see the results, we really and ideas for the application of activities for the do not see itself—the Spirit of the Hive. The spirit of

Beehive became a glorious unfolding. Under the the hive directs everything that is done in the hive—

committee's wise leadership the symbolism grew and everything in the life of the bee."(Ibid., 27 [July

became applicable in every detail to the lives of 1916] pp. 390395.)

these precious young girls of the Church. As the bee The deeply moving and completely satisfying "Spirit

needs to develop its own capabilities, the girls needed of the Hive"has inspired the countless numbers of individually to address themselves to building habits Beehive girls through the years of Beehive work that would make them worthy Latterday Saints. And in the YWMIA:

there were the needed qualities that would make them become true members of the community. "Have Faith...

With diligence, work, prayer, and, above all, Seek Knowledge the resulting inspiration, almost miraculously, the Safeguard Health program developed. Honor Womanhood

When it was completed, in an amazingly short (Continued on page 536)

4SO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA much fun to make as to give.

Youngsters on our list began receiving art folders made up of assorted papers, paints, pastes, and the of (jhin like, and we were delighted to find recipes for finger paints and durable pastes to include with the gifts.

We created nurse's kits for several children—small BY LORRIE MCLAUGHLIN

bottles of candy pills, tongue depressors, BandAids, "The gift without the giver is bare"had become only thermometer made from a plastic tube available at another phrase around our home until the Saturday the drugstore, and white nurse's cap stitched on our last fall when our teenaged daughter dashed over own sewing machine.

to the drugstore, picked a card from the counter The gifts that went out to adults were just as and a bottle of cologne from the shelf and hastily imaginative. Sometimes we made up small packages

wrapped it for her aunt. of seeds from our own garden or little planters with

When I reminded her that this particular aunt seedlings already begun. We gave collections of

seldom used cologne, she was momentarily stunned. favorite recipes and, as a change, a casserole dish

Then she shrugged it off by saying, "Well, maybe she with a good recipe fastened to the handle.

will. Besides, it's the thought that counts."Sometimes, our teenaged daughter penned a note

And there was another phrase that had all but promising "Three nights of baby sitting"or "Take lost its meaning! the afternoon off to go shopping while I watch the

Actually, our daughter was very fond of her aunt, children."The teenage boy in the family pledged

and the lack of time and consideration that went into himself to cut the grass once every two weeks, to choosing the gift were merely symptoms of an attigive car washes, or to act as chauffeur for an tude that had become all too prevalent in our own elderly neighbor.

family—and, I suspect, in others. We soon found that these gifts of love or imaginaThe depressiondays money shortages that plagued tion were highly popular with everyone from six to

my own childhood is fortunately a thing of the pastsixty, and on the rare occasions when we resorted to most of us have long since accepted the idea of more costly gifts, we were surprised to see a making money a substitute for thoughtfulness when slightly disappointed look flicker across the face of it comes to gift giving. However, after that Saturday the receiver!

morning I became determined to do something to put Our review of giving prompted us to take a second some heart and love back into giving. look at other gifts as well. We began wondering

We discussed the entire question around the dinner what we could give to the Church, in addition to our table that night and decided that it was high time tithes and offerings and yearly budget pledge, and we began thinking in terms of individuals rather than found that here, too, gifts of self are welcome.

in terms of a "gift costing no more than three dollars."Bit by bit as we encouraged other members to share

At the next neighborhood birthday party, our youngin this idea of giving time and service to the Church, est child turned up with a homemade gift. Oh, she we found that by cooperating we could take on such

balked a bit at the idea at first, but finally went off tasks as painting the cultural hall, making furniture for with a sewing kit she'd constructed with my help. In the Junior Sunday School and Primary, doing much

a felt case, we'd included needles, pins, scissors, of the extra janitorial work, outdoor lawn care, and the threads, buttons, hooks and eyes; and we also included major spring and fall cleaning.

a small box full of sewing materials—cottons and wools These gifts of time and work meant that our church

from a horde we'd collected, bits of lace and silk for budget profited by many dollars without any of the trimming. In short, an assortment of material that members being out of pocket or increasing their

would clothe a whole family of dolls. pledges. We felt, too, that there was an added ad-

I must admit I kept my fingers crossed during the vantage in that families who had to limit their time our little girl was at the party—I didn't want pledge for financial reasons were able to take an

her young hostess to be disappointed. On the conactive part in the Church—to feel that they, too,

trary—the sewing kit was the hit of the afternoon, were giving.

far outshining the flimsy toys from the'five and dime. When you give yourself lovingly, you reap greater

From that afternoon on we began applying imaginarewards in terms of happiness and satisfaction; the

tion and creativity instead of dollars and cents, and giver, the gift, and the recipient all become better for the gifts we gave to others and to ourselves became as the love that goes along!

JUNE 1963 451 Can Men Know God?

BY DR. ALMA P. BURTON

ASST. ADMINISTRATOR SEMINARIES AND INSTITUTES OF RELIGION

In a college class on human development and family relations, an outstanding authority in that field stated that prayer was a part of her life. When asked how she prayed, she

simply said, "I say, 'whoever you are and wherever you are, help me.'Recently, a wellknown expert on children and their stages of development stated in a magazine article that he had to assume that the universe was created somehow and that if he could not understand such a simple aspect of it as the infinity of space, there was no use his trying to comprehend creation or the Creator.

A United States Senator many years ago solicted answers to questions about God from fifty ministers. He wanted to

know whether they believed in God the Father—a God who is

a Personage, a God with a definite superior intelligence; if

they believed that Christ was and is the Son of the Living

God, sent to save the world; if they believed that Christ, as

CONDUCTED God's very own Son, had a divinely appointed and definite mission; if they believed that Christ died on the cross and was

BY THE raised from the dead; and if they believed they would live

UNIFIED again after death as a conscious intelligence, knowing who

CHURCH they were and knowing others as they knew them during

SCHOOL earth life. The answers given to these questions were not yes

SYSTEM answers. In fact, the Senator stated that all were vague and

uncertain replies.

Is there justification for such uncertainty regarding God in the minds of leaders in the fields of religion and education?

Has the Lord neglected to give his children in these days, or for that matter in the past, a knowledge of himself? Why

should any minister question the fact that God is a Personage, that Jesus is the Savior, or that there is a resurrection? Why

do many pqople stumble and fall, as it were, regarding the knowledge of God?

Since the time that Adam and Eve were placed upon this earth, God has revealed himself to his prophets and has walked and talked with them. Numerous are the accounts

that have been preserved which give knowledge of the fact that God has appeared to the prophets in Old Testament times, in New Testament times, and in this the Dispensation of the Fulness of Times.

God not only has the right to communicate with men, but he also has communicated with men, making the knowledge of his existence known to his prophets in all ages of the world.

It is clear from the scriptures that Adam walked and talked

Moses by Michelangelo with God. "And the Gods took the man and put young, nevertheless being large in stature, and also

him in the Garden of Eden, to dress it and to keep it."having great desires to know of the mysteries of God,

(Abr. 5:11.) wherefore, I did cry unto the Lord; and behold he did

Likewise, Seth, the son of Adam, knew God: "And visit me, and did soften my heart that I did believe all

God revealed himself unto Seth, and he rebelled not, the words which had been spoken by my father;

but offered an acceptable sacrifice, like unto his wherefore, I did not rebel against him like unto my brother Abel...."(Moses 6:3.) brothers."(1 Nephi 2:16.)

The scriptures also aver: "... Noah was a just The fact that God is not known as he should be

man and perfect in his generations, and Noah walked among men, even though he has revealed himself with God."(Gen. 6:9.) throughout the time of man's existence on earth, is

It is recorded that Abraham in his day was given due partially to the influence of the devil. He has

the privilege of beholding God. The record states: always sought to draw men away from the knowledge

"And when Abram was ninety years old and nine, of God. He has put into the hearts of men the urge

the Lord appeared to Abram, and said unto him, or desire to worship things other than the True and

I am the Almighty God; walk before me, and be Living God. Some men and women have fallen so

thou perfect. far as to worship Satan himself; for instance, Moses

"And I will make my covenant between me and recorded that Satan came among the sons and daughthee, and will multiply thee exceedingly."(Ibid., ters of Adam and Eve and that some of them "...

17:1-2.) loved Satan more than God. And men began from

Jacob, who was the grandson of Abraham, also that time forth to be carnal, sensual, and devilish."

beheld God, and it is recorded that: "... Jacob called (Moses 5:13.)

the name of the place Peniel: for I have seen God From the time of the council in heaven, where

face to face, and my life is preserved."(Ibid., 32:30.) Jesus Christ was declared to be the Only Begotten

The Lord revealed himself unto Moses and also of the Father, to the present time, Satan has rebelled stated that he had appeared unto prophets before against God and has sought to lead away the sons his time: "And God spake unto Moses, and said unto and daughters of God on earth. For instance, it

him, I am the Lord: is recorded:

"And I appeared unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and "And Cain loved Satan more than God. And Satan

unto Jacob, by the name of God Almighty, but by commanded him, saying: Make an offering unto

my name Jehovah was I not known to them. the Lord.

(Ex. 6:2-3.) "And in process of time it came to pass that Cain

Moses and seventy of the elders of Israel saw God, brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto and it is recorded that when they saw him "... there the Lord.

was under his feet as it were a paved work of a "And Abel he also brought of the firstlings of his sapphire stone, and as it were the body of heaven in flock, and of the fat thereof. And the Lord had rehis clearness. spect unto Abel, and to his. offering;

"And upon the nobles of the children of Israel he "But unto Cain, and to his offering, he had not laid not his hand: also they saw God,..."(Ibid., respect. Now Satan knew this, and it pleased him.

24:1011.) And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell.

At a later time the record bears witness that Moses "And the Lord said unto Cain: Why art thou wroth?

entered into the tabernacle and "... the Lord talked Why is thy countenance fallen?

with Moses. "If thou doest well, thou shalt be accepted. And

"And the Lord spake unto Moses face to face, as a if thou doest not well, sin lieth at the door, and Satan man speaketh unto his friends...."(Ibid., 33:9, 11.) desireth to have thee; and except thou shalt hearken

The prophets of the Old Testament relate how unto my commandments, I will deliver thee up, and

God revealed himself to them. Isaiah wrote that "In it shall be unto thee according to his desire. And

the year King Uzziah died I saw also the Lord sitting thou shalt rule over him;

upon a throne, high and lifted up, and his train filled "For from this time forth thou shalt be the father the temple."He also stated, "... mine eyes have seen of his lies; thou shalt be called Perdition; for thou

the King, the Lord of hosts."(Isa. 6:1, 5.) wast also before the world.

The great Prophet Nephi, a prophet on the Ameri- "And it shall be said in time to come—That these

can continent prior to the birth of Christ, declared: abominations were had from Cain; for he rejected

"And it came to pass that I, Nephi, being exceeding the greater counsel which was had from God; and

JUNE 1963 453 this is a cursing which I will put upon thee, except people. But in all ages many of the inhabitants of

thou repent. the earth have been slow to hearken unto God and

"And Cain was wroth, and listened not any more to worship him.

to the voice of the Lord, neither to Abel, his The records of the Old Testament contain numerous brother, who walked in holiness before the Lord."accounts of the actual appearance of God to man

(Ibid., 5:1826.) and give knowledge of his revelations and prophecies

Influence of apostate leaders and wicked and sinful to the inhabitants of the earth. Regardless of this,

individuals from the beginning of time have turned men and women throughout the Old Testament hispeople from the knowledge of the true God. In tory have turned from the worship of the true God to

Noah's day the people rebelled against the word of the worship of false gods, idols, and images.

God and sought to destroy his prophet. The record In the Meridian of Time our Heavenly Father sent

states further, "... Noah called upon the children of his Beloved and Only Begotten Son, Jesus Christ,

men that they should repent; but they hearkened not the Jehovah of the Old Testament, as his personal

unto his words; representative to his children on earth. The evidence

"And also, after that they had heard him, they came given in the New Testament of the life and labors up before him, saying: Behold, we are the sons of of Jesus Christ is available to all who will receive it.

God;... And they hearkened not unto the words of Every Christmas and every Easter Christians are

Noah."Noah warned them that unless they did give reminded with great emphasis about the birth, death,

heed unto the word of God, the floods would come and resurrection of Christ. All Christianity joins to

upon them. "... nevertheless they hearkened not."celebrate and commemorate these events. Sermons

(Ibid., 8:2021,24.) and writings by men in all walks of life give deference

Abraham recorded the history of his forefathers to Christ's works and his name. Many use his examand stated that they "... turned from their righteousple as the way of life in industry, business, and

nesSj and from the holy commandments which the government as well as in Church. His Sermon on

Lord their God had given unto them, unto the worthe Mount, his parables, his miracles, and his teachshiping of the gods of the heathen,... ings all are used to advance understanding and knowl-

"... they turned their hearts to the sacrifice of the edge pertaining to the way of life. Men and women

heathen in offering up their children unto their dumb in all walks of life throughout the Christian world idols, and hearkened not unto my voice, but do honor to. his name.

endeavored to take away my life...."(Abr. 1:5, 7.) With the abundance of evidence about God, why

Moses met with similar difficulties as he declared do not leaders and educators know more about him?

the message which God had for the children of Why do some speak of him as something "out there"?

Israel. Two of the Ten Commandments given on Why do ministers answer in vague and uncertain

Mt. Sinai dealt with the need for worship of the true terms regarding his being and his resurrection? Why

God. The Lord said, "Thou shalt have no other gods is there such uncertainty regarding his existence and

before me."And "Thou shalt not make unto thee the fact taht man was created in his image?

any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that Presentday Christians should accept the unquesis in heaven above, or that is. in the earth beneath, tionable recorded appearances of Christ after his death

or that is in the water under the earth."(Ex. 20:3-4.) and resurrection. All who read the Bible have a

Aaron, the brother of Moses and his spokesman, written witness of his life on earth. From these

was left in charge of the Israelites while Moses was records which make up the New Testament, they absent. He stripped the people of their gold earrings may know of Christ's birth, a little about his early

and ornaments, fashioning them into a golden calf. life, somewhat more of the three years of his ministry,

Then the people said, "... These be thy gods, O and have a certain knowledge about his resurrection.

Israel, which brought thee up out of the land of His birth is recorded in the gospels. Knowledge

Egypt."(Ibid., 32:4.) Aaron led the people in about his daily teachings is also given. Matthew

idolatrous worship, and they offered up burnt offerings recorded that certain ones heard him teach and were and brought forth peace offerings to this graven image. astonished. They asked, "... Whence hath this man

In the days of Adam, Noah, Abraham, and Moses, this wisdom, and these mighty works?

the people had to be constantly taught about the true "Is not this the carpenter's son? is not his mother

God, or they would fall to worshiping false deities. called Mary? and his brethren, James, and Joses, and

In each dispensation God has given a knowledge of Simon, and Judas?

himself to his prophets and through them to his "And his sisters are they (Continued on page 547)

454 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Only the Fit Survive...

On Sunday, March 24, 1963, a news flash broke the at midnight to the Flores home. "We're not sure,"

wire services that Ralph Flores and Helen Klaben, the wire service reporter said, "but we think they've lost in the Yukon wilds for fortynine days, had been found your husband."

found and were alive. Within hours, around the world, It became a long night, Mrs. Flores recalls. "I

the mass media were telling the miraculous story. knew it was a onein-a-million chance that he would

The story they told was one of survival by faith. be found, but my children insisted that their father

For in those days and weeks of subzero weatherwould be that one of the million."For weeks now

before a pilot ferrying in supplies to a hunting party the Flores family had been praying. So had the memnoticed the 70foot long SOS tramped in the snow bers of their ward and stake, San Bruno Ward, San

by Flores—he and his companion lived on two tubes Mateo Stake in California. And so also their father in

of toothpaste and melted snow, their supply of food the white Canadian wastelands. Now, the children

(two cans of sardines, two of fruit cocktail, and a felt their prayers were being answered.

package of crackers) lasting only four days. What What was the public reaction to the Flores ordeal?

they lived on, the survivors relate, was the strength Of the thousands of stories unfolded to a worldgained from the Bible and other church books Flores wide audience, The Improvement Era reprints one was carrying with him. from the AdvanceStar, a newspaper serving the south

After the crash, and with numb hands, Flores set San Francisco Bay area. The kicker above the headhis passenger's broken arm and his own broken jaw. line asked, "What Makes a Man So Strong?"with

Then to one another they read from Flores'literature. the story titled, "Flier's Survival 'Secret.'

To this Miss Klaben contributed a copy of Robert As did people in San Mateo and Burlingame, HillsService's poems. Wrote Service of the Yukon: borough and Millbrea, San Bruno and South San

"Only the fit survive."Francisco, here is the story they read on Wednesday

The fortytwo-yearold pilot has been a member of the 27th of March:

the Church for only two and onehalf years. Both (AdvanceStar editor's note: Maybe, in the hours

he and Miss Klaben had completed jobs in Alaska and that have passed since the rescue of San Bruno flier were returning home. Flores had been an electrician Ralph Flores and his passenger after 49 days in the

on a radar network and Miss Klaben a draftsman for frozen Yukon, you've asked yourself—as we have:

the Bureau of Land Management. "Where does someone get the courage, the strength

The call that her husband might still be alive came to survive something (Continued on page 537)

JUNE 1963 455 VISUAL AIDS DATA PROCESSING FAMILY GROUP

FOR GENEALOGICAL RECORD DISCONTINUED

CLASSES The Genealogical Society has discontinued the

A series of genealogiuseSheet.of theChurchverticalmembersData Processingwho haveFamilyon handGroupa

cal filmstrips has been number of these records may continue to use them prepared by the Geneto submit family details to the Genealogical Soalogical Society as an ciety for processing for temple work until their aid to ward and stake supply is used up.

training classes. Church members should now use the "old style"

The filmstrip preshorizontal family group form.

entations are a part of In completing this form, the standards of record detailed in keeping the Genealogical Instruction be should followed. GENEALOGY educationthe new genealogicalprogram Manual

outlined by the society to promote RECORDS OF LIVING FAMILIES better understanding in research methods Ward genealogical committees are expected to through stepby-step encourage families to compile their own group instruction. records and pedigree charts as a beginning step

Whether one's probto actual genealogical research.

lems lie in the techIn the past, ward committees have initiated niques of research and projects whereby such records of living families sources available in a particular country or would be gathered and submitted to the Genewhether he just needs help in the use of the genealogical Society for filing in the Archives. These

alogical library and its facilities, these new filmforms should be retained by the families as part strips should prove to be an invaluable aid to his of their own family record.

research efforts. Because of problems of space, the Genealogical

Subjects covered by the films will include variSociety does not recommend that family group ous phases of research in countries throughout records of living families be submitted for filing the world where church members have a genein the Archives, unless for the express purpose of alogical interest. These will supplement the clearing names on those records for temple work.

various texts and their accompanying study guides which the society is preparing on research in these countries. One filmstrip includes instruction on the use of the library—from the referenceshelves, to the card catalog, to the library layout. Questions Answered

Another details priesthood participation and responsibility in genealogical activity. QUESTION:

The filmstrips are being prepared for use either A number of years ago my uncle sent in a family with a script or with a tape recording coordinated group record of my greatgrandparents, and a copy the filmstripsto the film. the series Many of of

incovering research are of this sheet is on file in the archives. In carrying out England and Wales

already available. research I have found additional information which

Those films on the use of the library and its does not appear on the sheet my uncle submitted.

facilities will be of great value to the beginner. How can I get this additional information added to

The skill and attitude of the beginning researcher the archive record?

on his first trip to the library bespeak the kind of training and instruction he has received from his ward genealogical committee. The new teaching ANSWER:

aids about the library are designed to fill the It should be pointed out that when a family group onthe-job training pracis notgaps where ahvays record is submitted to the Genealogical Society, noticable to to start the beginner the road and on profitable research in his very first experience. attempt is made to check the genealogical correctness

A number of motion pictures have also been of that record. It is obvious, therefore, that there are

produced, especially for the Genealogical Society, family group records on file in the Church Records and are available for rental. These are of a motiArchives which are not genealogically correct or comvational nature and are excellent for groups on plete.

any level of instruction. Price lists of the availif changes are reable filmstrips and motion pictures are obtainable When errors are detected, and

through the Deseret Book Co., Uk East South quired in the records already on file, it has been the

Temple Street, Salt Lake City, Utah. wish of the Genealogical Society to correct such mis456

takes. However, the requests to correct such errors has been considered, public notice will be given so that

have multiplied in numbers to such an extent that it record errors may receive the necessary attention. The

will be impossible to take care of all these requests only exceptions to this general moratorium are:

for adjustments for some time to come. 1. If further research discloses that additional chilTherefore, no requests for corrections or changes dren should be added to a family group record already

can be accepted until this backlog of pending adjuston file in the Church Records Archives, a complete ments has been considered. As soon as this backlog record of that family should be submitted to the Records Office at the Genealogical Society for processing

in order that the additional temple ordinances can be performed. A letter should be sent with this family

group record indicating that there are additional children on this sheet and that there is a record of the same family already on file in the archives.

If there are no other discrepancies between the sheet on file in the archives and the newly submitted sheet, the names of the additional children will be cleared for temple work without undue delay.

If, however, in addition to the added children, there are other major discrepancies between the two sheets, the names of the additional children will be added to the family group record and cleared for temple ordinances. No other adjustments will be considered

however. 2. If a death date is found for an individual appearing on a family group record on file in the Archives

who was born within the last hundred years. No

vicarious ordinances will be performed for an individual born within the last hundred years unless a death date is provided for him. In the absence of a

death date, he will be considered living and no vicarious ordinance work will be performed for him until one hundred years after his birth date.

If details of the death of such an individual are found after the original sheet on which he is listed has been processed, a new and complete family group record should be prepared to which the death date has been added and:

a. If the family group record is mailed to the Records Office a letter should be attached explaining the

addition of the death date.

b. If the family group record is handed in at the

Records Office, the addition of the death date should be explained to the attendant.

In cases such as these the death date will be added and the name released for the required temple ordinances without undue delay.

3. // ordinance work has been performed under the

wrong sex designation for any name on a family group record pn file in the archives, a new and complete family group record should be submitted showing the correct information. The problem should be explained

either by letter or in person to the Records Office, and the name will then be cleared without undue delay.

Addresses given by the General Authorities of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

April 1963, during the 133rd Annual.

FIRST PRESIDENCY

President David O. McKay, President Henry D. Moyle, President Hugh B. Brown

458 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GENERAL CONFERENCE

QUORUM OF THE TWELVE

President Joseph Elder Harold B. Lee Elder Spencer W. Kimball Elder Ezra Taft Benson Elder Mark E. Petersen

Fielding Smith

Elder Delbert L, Elder Marion G. Romney Elder LeGrand Richards Elder Richard L. Evans Elder Howard W. Hunter

Stapley

PATRIARCH OF THE CHURCH

T Elder Gordon B. Elder Nathan Eldon Tanner Elder Eldred G. Smith

Hinckley

JUNE 1963 459 ASSISTANTS TO THE TWELVE

Upper left: Elder Alma Sonne, seated;

Elders John Longden and EIRay L. Christiansen, standing.

Upper right: Elder Sterling W. Sill, seated;

Elders William J. Critchlow, Jr. and

Henry D. Taylor, standing.

At left: Elder Alvin R. Dyer, seated;

Elders Boyd K. Packer, Thorpe B.

Isaacson, and Franklin D. Richards,

standing.

Above: Elder Theodore M. Burton,

and Elder Bernard P. Brockbank,

FIRST COUNCIL OF SEVENTY PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

Above left to right:

Bishop Victor L. Brown

Presiding Bishop John H. Vandenberg

Bishop Robert L. Simpson

Top: President Levi Edgar Young,

seated; Elder Antoine R. Ivins,

left center; Elders S. Dilworth Young

and Milton R. Hunter, standing.

Above left to right: Elder Bruce R.

McConkie, Elder Marion D. Hanks,

Elder A. Theodore Tuttle.

Friday Morning Session, April 5,1963 THE RESTORED GOSPELAN ENSIGN TO THE NATIONS'

President David 0. McKay

"And even so I have sent mine evervantageous social units that have ever occupy more time than I can give, but lasting covenant into the world, to be a been devised or suggested in the history we can just glimpse it.

light to the world, and to be a standard of society. There are presented within the Consider the priesthood of the

for my people,... and to be a mesorganizations of the wards opportunities Church. Picture therein the men and

senger before my face to prepare the for every person to receive legitimate boys organized in working sections or way before me."(D&C 45:9.) training in society, proper social intergroups, from the father ninety years

The Church of Jesus Christ of Lattercourse, and the cultivation of all the old, down to the boy twelve years of day Saints was scarcely one year old desirable traits of character that go to age. In these groups you find exempliwhen that declaration was made. Joseph make up good men and good women."fied all that human society seeks in

Smith, to whom the inspiration came, (Annual Conference, April 6, 1920.) social groups and in societies. There is

was but twentyfive years of age. It is Sitting in the audience on that occaopportunity in these quorum groups for

a marvelous declaration, great in its sion was a statesman who had won fellowship, brotherhood, and organized pretention, comprehensive in its scope national and international eminence, service. No man who is worthy of that

"Mine everlasting covenant [the gospel] not only as a great leader in the political fellowship can be kept out from it is sent into the world, to be a light unto world, but also as a speaker and writer not one!

the world."on religious topics. He was William Those who are active are working in

On Bedloe Island, at the entrance of Jennings Bryan, who only a few months an organized way for the betterment

New York Harbor, there stands a Statue before had written an article for a of one another, for the personal welfare of Liberty, a light to the nations. What current magazine entitled "In the of the membership and for the good of

it has meant to thousands and hundreds World, of the World, and for the society as a whole. If we considered no

of thousands of the downtrodden of World,"wherein he outlined a number further than the quorums, is not that a

Europe has been most graphically exof ways in which he thought the church sublime picture, where men and boys pressed by Israel Zangwill in that could make the world a better place may congregate, associate, affiliate in impressive production The Melting Pot, in which to live. "My suggestion, service for humanity, in which every

from which I quote (David, the immitherefore,"I read from his article, "is man considers everyone a brother? In

grant Jew, is speaking): that an effort should be made to set that quorum the doctor sits by the side

"When I look at our Statue of Libup a Christian standard for Christian of a carpenter, each interested in the erty, I just seem to hear the voice of communities, and to create an environmost ennobling of aspirations—worship

America: 'Come unto me all ye who are ment that will be helpful to the Church of God and helpful service to humanof priesthood the is the essence spiritual things for which the and I will give and ity! Thereweary

"in the stands."and, in the Church; Church workyou rest—rest.'and heavyladen,

What that Statue of Liberty has symSuch an organization is the restored achievement of the purpose, every act bolized to the oppressed and downChurch of Jesus Christ, functioning efand influence should be performed or trodden of Europe, the gospel of Jesus fectually, as the Apostle Paul says, "For wielded only "by persuasion, by longChrist is to the world. the perfecting of the saints, for the work suffering, by gentleness and meekness,

The restored gospel, the Church, has of the ministry, for the edifying of the and by love unfeigned;..."The words

reared an ensign to the nations, and body of Christ: of the Prophet! (D&C 121:41.)

with words as comprehensive as those "Till we all come in the unity of the In addition to quorums, there are

I have read in the revelation, invites the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son Young Men's and Young Women's world to peace, to rest, to contentment. of God, unto a perfect man, [even] Mutual Improvement Associations, havAnd what does that ensign offer to unto the measure of the stature of the ing charge of the recreation for the

the nations? fulness of Christ:..."(Eph. 4:1213.) young, guiding the leisure hours of the

Fortythree years ago, Elder Stephen I invite you today to have in mind youth as emphasized by Mr. William

L Richards, speaking from this pulpit, the various organizations of the Church: Jennings Bryan—one of the great probanswered that question as follows: first, the priesthood quorums; second, lems facing civilization today! In these

"There are provided within the Church the auxiliaries; third, educational opporgroups you have an organization of

agencies and facilities which meet every tunities; fourth, judicial phases of the young men and young women, directing

requirement of social life. Our wards, Church; and fifth, the ecclesiastical in music, in art, in debating, in drama,

to my thinking, constitute the most adgroups. To elaborate on each one would as well as in other uplifting activities

*Address delivered Sunday morning, April 7.

"WHERE MUCH IS GIVEN,,* President Henry D. Moyle

of the First Presidency I believe with all my heart and soul that down. By the exercise of faith men can In speaking of the divine purposes of

the solution to our problems here upon call upon God and obtain his help in the Lord, Paul wrote, "That in the disthis earth today and tomorrow is to be fulfilment of the promises he has made. pensation of the fulness of times he

found in the knowledge and appreciaAlso, of his own volition, God intermight gather together in one all things tion of man's relationship to God, his venes and controls the affairs of men, in Christ, both which are in heaven, dependence upon God, and his obediof nations, and the very elements that and which are on earth; even in

ence to God's laws. make up the universe when this is him:..."(Eph. 1:10.)

The world is not just a watch that necessary for the preservation of his Modern scripture tells us through the the Lord wound up and left to run divine purposes. Prophet Joseph Smith, "Now the pur-

'Address delivered Saturday morning, April 6.

462 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of community life. vidual, a God of justice, yet a God of The interest and destiny of each one

All quorums and groups are in themlove, constantly watching over and guidbecomes more closely the interest and selves educational factors. It is suring even the humblest of His children."destiny of all.

prising how many officers and teachers The Church, with its complete organIn the ecclesiastical groupings, there are engaged in the teaching and directization, offers service and inspiration to is opportunity for social welfare such as ing of youth just in quorums and all. It is "preeminently a social recannot be found in any other organizaauxiliary organizations. ligion."In quorums and auxiliaries it tion in the world. Thus does the Savior

Let us take one stake for example: I "aims by training the individual conand his Church become my inspiration,

refer now to notes taken on a visit made science and will to establish a closely my ideal in life. I think it is the one

in 1950 here in Salt Lake City. Among knit, worldwide fraternity."It is in no great thing for which man should strive.

the groups in the Melchizedek Priestsense ascetic. Instead of taking men out It presents the most efficient methods

hood of that stake were 804 men serving of the world, it seeks to develop perfect, for human service, social uplift, and without one penny of compensation for Godlike men in the midst of society, progressive steps toward universal peace the betterment of society every week, and through them to solve the problems and brotherhood; and in its idea of saland some of them every day. of society. vation it comprehends the whole of the

If the high council and members of There is not a principle which is human family.

the bishoprics in that stake who are taught by the Savior of men but is May he bless the priesthood throughworking with young boys between the applicable to the growth, development, out the Church, the auxiliary associaages of twelve and twentyone be inand happiness of mankind. Every one tions, and all men and women who seek

cluded, there were a total of 1,022 men. of his teachings seems to touch the true to instil into the hearts of men the reThe number of officers and teachers philosophy of living. I accept them demptive power of Jesus Christ, the Son

in the auxiliaries in the twelve wards wholeheartedly. I like to study them. of the Living God. May all utilizing the

of that stake was 1,950, so adding this I like to teach them. It is a joy to try organization of the Church continue

number to the 1,022, we have a total of to live them. Every phase of the remore zealously "For the perfecting of the

2,972, or approximately 3,000 men and stored Church is applicable to the welsaints, for the work of the ministry, for women teachers. fare of the human family. the edifying of the body of Christ:

In addition, there were missionaries Twelve thousand missionaries and "Till we all come in the unity of the laboring under the direction of the stake more, each paying individually or with faith, and of the knowledge of the Son presidency. In this one stake, they had the aid of parents his or her own exof God, unto a perfect man, [even] unto

held 2,715 meetings in homes in this penses, are declaring to a troubled world the measure of the stature of the fulness city. They had baptized, since the that the message heralded at the birth of Christ:..."(Eph. 4:1213.)

first of the year, 106 converts and ten of Jesus, "Peace on earth, good will toGod bless and prosper the Church as children who had gone beyond the age ward men,"(see Luke 2:14) may beit bears witness to the reality of the

of eight years. come a reality by compliance to the personality of Deity and to the fact

The Church progresses only as fast principles of the gospel. that God has again revealed himself to

as these groups work in perfect harmony. As the Savior said to the eleven disciman and established a means whereby

In the Doctrine and Covenants, we ples, and to all whom they appointed, spirituality, brotherhood, and universal read: "It is the duty of the [priesthood] so he says to his authorized servants peace may be fostered among the chilto watch over the Church always, to today: "Go ye therefore and make dren of men.

be with and strengthen them."(See disciples of all nations, teaching them The Lord help us to be able to prove

ibid., 20:53.) This is a laymen's Church. to observe all things whatsoever I have to the world that the restored gospel is

And what a message the Church has commanded."(See Matt. 28:1920.) just what the world today is longing

for this distracted world! "Its appeal,"Where, however, each missionary of for; and when they see it, may they

asuniversal—toKent says theof richtrue andChristianity,the poor, the"is oldrepresentativescould speakofonlyChristto todayone person,can speakthe theknow,everlastingas you knowgospelandis asa Ilightknow,to thatthe

strong and the weak, the learned and to millions. A sentence uttered in an world. May it ever be a light to the

the unlearned. It proclaims God to be ordinary tone of voice can encircle the nations, a guiding solution of all the

not only the one Supreme Ruler of the globe in less than a minute. Daily, naworld problems, I pray in the name of

Universe, but the Father of each inditions are becoming more closely united. Jesus Christ. Amen.

pose in Himself (that is Christ) in the in our behavior and in our belief. "We Articles of Faith of The Church of

winding up scene of the last dispensabelieve in the same organization that Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. How

tion is that all things pertaining to that existed in the Primitive Church.... We startling are the following words of

dispensation should be conducted prebelieve all that God has revealed, all Peter:

cisely in accordance with preceding disthat He does now reveal, and we believe "We have also a more sure word of pensations."(DHC, 4:208.) that He will yet reveal many great and prophecy; whereunto ye do well that

Christ's example and precept set in important things pertaining to the Kingye take heed,..."(2 Peter 1:19. Italics

what is known as the Dispensation of dom of God."added.)

the Meridian of Time control us today I have just quoted the sixth and ninth Prophecy and revelation came from

JUNE 1963 463 the same source to Peter and also to that no man speaking by the Spirit of the way of life to be for these people

Joseph Smith who gave us our Articles God calleth Jesus accursed: and that no and for ourselves? Ask yourself this

of Faith. man can say that Jesus is the Lord but question often and earnestly and

It is no different today from what it by the Holy Ghost."(1 Cor. 12:3.) realize that the question will not go

was in the days of Peter and Paul, the When the testimony of the Holy unanswered."

apostles of old. Paul told the Romans Ghost is borne in upon our conscience, Whatever the population may be now

that "the gospel of (Jesus) Christ:... and we know that Jesus Christ is our or hereafter, truth will remain constant.

is the power of God unto salvation to Lord and Savior, the Redeemer of all To know the truth will make us free.

every one that believeth;..."(Romans mankind, the Son of the Living God, Truth is eternal. We must seek truth

1:16.) Incorporated in this term salvawe have the promise of life eternal. at its source. Truth emanates from

tion is not only the spiritual but also the Christ declared to the world: "And this God. How applicable are the words of

temporal phase of our lives. We cannot is life eternal, that they might know President John Taylor, spoken in 1861,

disassociate mortal man from the eternal thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, a former head of the Church on earth:

spirit of man within him. It is, therewhom thou hast sent."(John 17:3.) "We believe that no man or set of

fore, through obedience to the laws of This is a matter about which we men, of their own wisdom and by their

God that we will find the answer to our need not be left in doubt. We know. own talents, are capable of governing

questions, whether they be domestic, This knowledge is priceless. The printhe human family aright."

political, social, economic, or spiritual. ciples of the gospel can be understood There is no unrest when you know

I give to you today my assurance that and lived by all mankind. The laws where you are going spiritually.

evidence, if not conclusive proof, of this and ordinances of the gospel are simple; "Blessed are they which do hunger

fact is to be, found by studying the they are natural. They are appreciated and thirst after righteousness: for they

scriptures. Christ's admonition to his by all who accept and conform their shall be filled."(Matt. 5:6.)

disciples is compelling upon all of us lives thereto. Not all men can acquire Our message to the world, conveyed

today. Sooner or later in life we are the riches of the world, but the blessby us -and our missionaries, is to enbrought to face some crisis which reings of the Lord will overtake all who lighten our fellow men who find themquires us to determine for ourselves: seek after them. Like the acquisition selves spiritually in the dark. There is

Do we desire to follow the direction of anything worthwhile it takes effort absolutely nothing of such great worth

Christ gave to all men during his to attain the spiritual. Faith, dedicato man as to know God. It has been

earthly ministry? If we must sooner tion, and devotion must be ours to bring said, "We know God when we know

or later choose which path we are to ourselves closer and closer to our Heavourselves."To know ourselves we must

pursue, why should we procrastinate, enly Father. We enjoy our communion know the answer to these simple queswhy not do it now? with God here and now in mortality. tions—Who are we? Why are we here?

As we determine our course in life, We do not need to wait for immortality And being here, what should we do?

we may well remember Paul's sermon to enjoy the fruits of our spiritual labors. The multitudes to whom the Savior

on faith, delivered to the Hebrews: We learn to appreciate the Spirit of spoke were all physically fed by the

"Now faith is the substance of things God more and more as we draw nearer loaves and the fishes, but there was hoped for, the evidence of things not to the Lord in the keeping of his comafterwards a spiritual segregation the seen. mandments. The harder we knock, the multitude would make for themselves,

"Through faith we understand that wider is the door opened. illustrated by the following admonition

the worlds were framed by the word What would it mean to all of us to of the Savior: "Enter ye in at the strait

of God,... appreciate that we are never left alone gate: for wide is the gate, and broad is

"But without faith it is impossible to to rely upon our own resources; that the way, that leadeth to destruction,

please him: for he that cometh to God we have the sustaining power and influand many there be which go in thereat:

must believe that he is, and that he is ence of our Heavenly Father constantly "Because strait is the gate, and narrow a rewarder of them that diligently seek with us to guide and direct us throughis the way, which leadeth unto life, and him."(Heb. 11:1, 3, 6.) out our lives in all our righteous activifew there be that find it."(Ibid.,

Through our faith in God we can ties. Those who keep the commandments 7:1314.)

accomplish life's full purpose. of God realize this blessing indeed. Do we go with the many or stand out

Christ in his Sermon on the Mount, We know, and our missionaries know. spiritually as one of the few? To do

given early in his ministry, as recorded It is this knowledge which urges us on the latter we must add to bodily sustein Matthew, said: "But seek ye first the to help others with an enthusiasm born nance the word of the Lord, for spiritual

kingdom of God, and his righteousness; of the Spirit of our Father in heaven. growth and development.

and all these things shall be added unto It was not until The Church of Jesus Thomas asked the Savior: "... Lord,

you."(Matt. 6:33.) Christ of Latterday Saints was organwe know not whither thou goest; and

And then he added a little later: ized in 1830 that the population of this how can we know the way?

"Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, planet reached one billion living per- "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way,

and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be sons. The present world population, a the truth, and the life: no man cometh

opened unto you: mere 133 years later, is estimated at unto the Father, but by me."(John

"For every one that asketh receiveth; more than three billion. Expert estimates 14:5-6.)

and he that seeketh findeth; and to him are that onetwentieth of all those who Thomas was an apostle of the Lord

that knocketh it shall be opened."ever lived on the earth are here today. Jesus Christ to whom Christ had given

(Ibid., 7:7-8.) If the present rate of growth, now 5060 his power, his priesthood, to preach the

We fulfil our highest potentials when million a year still continues in geogospel taught by the Savior.

we receive the joy and security and metric progression, there will be six We know that we are called of God knowledge which come from the witness billion human beings in the world by and have received his priesthood to of the Holy Ghost, the Comforter, who the year 2,000. This is the appraisal preach the gospel and administer in its

teaches us all things essential for this of Dr. George Albert Smith, Jr., of the ordinances. Therefore the following

life and ultimately for our eternal Harvard Business College. [Professor scripture is of great meaning to us and

exaltation in the kingdom of God. of Business Administration, Harvard important to the world. "Verily, verily,

Paul declared to the Corinthians: University.] I say unto you, He that receiveth whom-

"Wherefore I give you to understand. He then asks the question: "What is soever I send receiveth me; and he that

464 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA receiveth me receiveth him that sent the gospel of our Savior and Redeemer unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, me."(Ibid., 13:20.) to our own redemption. Men and brethren, what shall we do?

Twelve thousand men and women, No one need stumble along the way "Then Peter said unto them, Repent, our beloved sons and daughters, brothers of life who desires to return ultimately and be baptized every one of you in the and sisters, leave home, family, friends, into the presence of God in the kingname of Jesus Christ for the remission position, professions, business, and enter dom of heaven. The Savior in his of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of

into the missionary work of the Church earthly mission made clear what is the Holy Ghost."(Acts 2:3638.)

throughout the world at their own exexpected of us if we do the will of our This is the path that leadeth through pense for a period of two or three years. Father in heaven. the straight gate and along the narrow

They are compelled so to do by an Let us consider for a moment the case way to life eternal. Thus only can we

absolute realization of the fact that they of Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews, truly worship God with all our might, are called of our Heavenly Father to go who came to Christ by night: "Jesus mind, and strength.

into the world to preach the gospel and answered and said unto him, Verily, It will make no difference to us administer in the'ordinances thereof, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man whether there be three or six billion and that they have received the priestbe born again, he cannot see the kingbrothers, and sisters on the earth, our hood of God to qualify them therefore, dom of God. own path to travel through life will be

just as the apostles of old. Members of "Nicodemus saith unto him, How can the same. Our responsibility to carry

many families have rendered this service a man be born when he is old?... out the final charge Christ gave his

for as many as six generations. "Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I say apostles of old reiterated in our present

This process has gone on for 133 unto thee, Except a man be born of dispensation is mandatory upon us toyears; the number going on missions is water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter day, namely: "... Go ye into all the

increasing yearly. Their purpose is into the kingdom of God."(John 3:3-5.) world, and preach the gospel to every

purely unselfish. They disseminate the In fact, Jesus had already set the creature."(Mark 16:15.) This becomes

light of the gospel of Jesus Christ to all pattern by which all mankind should relatively easier year after year as the mankind, to teach them to repent of be guided: Church grows and flourishes throughtheir sins, to pray to God in faith, be- "Then cometh Jesus from Galilee to out the world. We have greater numlieving that their prayers will be Jordan unto John, to be baptized of him. bers to participate and all modern means

answered in keeping with the promise "But John forbad him, saying, I have of communication to help.

found in the Epistle of James, "If any need to be baptized of thee, and comest We have no cause to worry over the of you lack wisdom, let him ask of thou to me? problems of the world no matter how

God, that giveth to all men liberally, "And Jesus answering said unto him, complicated they become. We do need

and upbraideth not; and it shall be Suffer it to be so now: for thus it beto worry about our appreciation of the

given him."(James 1:5.) cometh us to fulfil all righteousness. laws of God given to control the conAnd finally the missionaries go to Then he suffered him. duct of man on the earth and our strict

bear witness to the world that God "And Jesus, when he was baptized adherence thereto. How grateful we

lives, that Jesus is the Christ, that went up straightway out of the water: should be for the words of the Lord to

through the gift and power of the Holy and, lo, the heavens were opened unto Joseph Smith to inspire us today:

Ghost we may all receive this same him, and he saw the Spirit of God "... a whole and complete and

testimony for ourselves, independent of descending like a dove, and lighting perfect union, and welding together of all else in the world. When received, upon him: dispensations, and keys, and powers,

this testimony is all consuming, all em- "And lo a voice from heaven, saying, and glories should take plstce, and be bracing. We know who we are, where This is my beloved Son, in whom I am revealed from the days of Adam even

we came from, and where through strict well pleased."(Matt. 3:1317.) to the present time. And not only this,

obedience to the laws and ordinances of Since that moment when Christ was but those things which never havebeen the gospel we may go. Life's purpose baptized of John, the need for baptism revealed from the foundation of i the

becomes absolute and fixed. Our testiby immersion for the remission of sins world,... shall be revealed... in this,

mony and knowledge of God cannot has never been rightfully debatable. the dispensation of the fulness of times."

be lost except through transgression. How wonderful was the experience of (D&C 128:18.)

With transgression we also lose the the apostles in Jerusalem on the day of We live in the most enlightened age

Spirit of God and the Holy Ghost as Pentecost after the crucifixion and resurof man's history, just as the prophets our comforter. rection and ascension of Christ when foretold. More is therefore expected of

As missionaries and elders holding the they were inspired to declare: "Thereus than of any prior generation of man.

true priesthood of God, it is our duty, fore let all the house of Israel know "Where much is given, much is reour prerogative, our privilege, to testify assuredly, that God hath made that same quired."(See ibid., 82:3.)

of our knowledge of God to preach the Jesus, whom ye have crucified, both God help us to take full advantage of gospel and challenge our fellow men Lord and Christ. all the light and knowledge revealed

to forsake the ways of the world, the "Now when they heard this, they to us, I pray humbly in the name of riches, the plaudits of men, and follow were pricked in their heart, and said the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1963 465 BE DOERS OF THE WORD * President Hugh B. Brown

of the First Presidency

Let us quote two wellknown definiand he expressed concern for the qualthe Church and being faithful all trials tions of religion, one from the Old ity and depth of the soil in which the would end, all difficulties disappear,

Testament and one from the New; these seeds are planted. Mark defines the and all temptations cease. We are remight well sound the keynote or prelseed as the word of God: "When any minded of the young bride who, on

ude to this conference. First from the one heareth the word of the kingdom, her wedding day, said to her mother,

Prophet Micah: "He hath shewed thee, and understandeth it not, then cometh "I am the happiest girl in the world. I

man, what is good; and what doth the wicked one, and catcheth away that have come to the end of all my

the Lord require of thee, but to do which was sown in his heart. This is troubles."

justly, and to love mercy, and to walk he which received seed by the way side. And the wise mother replied, "Yes,

humbly with thy God?"(Micah 6:8.) "But he that received the seed into my dear, but you don't know which

And the Apostle James admonishes: stony places, the same is he that heareth end."

"But be ye doers of the word, and not the word, and anon with joy reBoth the storms of nature and the hearers only, deceiving your own ceiveth it; storms of life are indiscriminate. As

selves. "Yet hath he not root in himself, the house built upon the rock survived

"But whoso looketh into the perfect but dureth for a while: for when tributhe storm, so the life whose roots are

law of liberty, and continueth therein, he lation or persecution ariseth because of firmly planted in the soil of faith will being not a forgetful hearer, but a the word, by and by he is offended. endure adversity and be made stronger

doer of the work, this man shall be "He also that received seed among the by the struggle. As Douglas Malloch

blessed in his deed. thorns is he that heareth the word; and said in verse:

"If any man among you seem to be the care of this world, and the deceitreligious, and bridleth not his tongue, fulness of riches, choke the word, and "Good timber does not grow in ease, but deceiveth his own heart, this man's he becometh unfruitful. The stronger wind, the tougher trees,

religion is vain. "But he that received seed into the The further sky, the greater length,

"Pure religion and undefiled before good ground is he that heareth the The more the storm, the more the

God and the Father is this, To visit the word, and understandeth it; which also strength.

fatherless and widows in their affliction, beareth fruit, and bringeth forth, some and to keep himself unspotted from the an hundredfold, some sixty, some "By sun and cold, by rain and snow, world."(James 1:22, 2527.) thirty."{Ibid., 13:1923.) In trees or men, good timbers grow."

We pray that all who speak during This parable applies to all to whom this conference may be inspired by the the seed—the word of God—may Sometimes defeat may serve as well

Holy Spirit. Especially we pray that the come, whether they be lifetime memas victory to shake the soul and let the

many thousands, seen and unseen, who bers of the Church, new converts, or glory out.

may attend the various sessions may investigators seeking truth. Let us be Let us not bemoan our lot in life

enjoy the same inspiration. The effect united in our prayers that the seeds of or chafe under the trials, losses, or

upon the "hearers of the word"depends truth which may be broadcast during problems which beset us. Let us rather

upon their being spiritually in tune and this conference may take root in fertile enumerate and express gratitude for openmindedly responsive. soil and bear fruit. Paul said of some our many blessings. Some go through

As the relish with which one enjoys to whom the gospel was preached in the year or through life unappreciative a meal depends upon the appetite he his day that it did not profit them of life's bounties because they are unbrings to the table more than upon the "... not being mixed with faith in them aware of them. One's awareness bequality and variety of food placed bethat heard it."(Heb. 4:2.) comes the measure of his aliveness. All

fore him, so the degree of enjoyment Truth is challenging and calls for about us we see evidences of a benevoand assimilation of spiritual refreshment action as is evidenced by another parable lent providence. For example, anyone

will depend upon whether or not we of the Savior: "Therefore whosoever who reverently looks into the starry skies

"hunger and thirst"as enjoined by the heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth will feel to exclaim with the Psalmist:

Savior, and be promised the reward of them, I will liken him unto a wise man, "The heavens declare the glory of God;

satisfaction. The Savior said: "Behold, which built his house upon a rock: and the firmament sheweth his handy-

1 stand at the door, and knock: if any "And the rain descended, and the work."(Psalm 19:1.)

man hear my voice, and open the door, floods came, and the winds blew, and As we become more aware and appre-

I will come in to him, and will sup beat upon that house; and it fell not: ciative of his love and of the beauty

with him, and he with me."(Rev. 3:20.) for it was founded upon a rock. and wisdom which are everywhere apWe are all familiar with the parable "And every one that heareth these parent, we thank the Lord for life and

of the sower, where "... some seeds sayings of mine, and doeth them not, for its bracing trials and challenges, its

fell by the way side, and the fowls came shall be likened unto a foolish man, educative disciplines and rewards. Our

and devoured them up: which built his house upon the sand: faith in God is deepened and sustained

"Some fell upon stony places, where "And the rain descended, and the by life's experiences and by convincing they had not much earth:... floods came, and the winds blew, and evidence on every hand that our uni-

"And when the sun was up, they beat upon that house; and it fell: and verse is governed by law under a

were scorched; and because they had no great was the fall of it."(Matt. 7:2427.) beneficent and omnipotent Father.

root, they withered away. It should be noted that the rain As this faith and knowledge develops,

"And some fell among thorns; and descended and the floods came and one becomes conscious of his own weakthe thorns sprung up, and choked them: the winds blew and beat upon the house nesses and shortcomings and under-

"But other fell into good ground, which was built upon the rock with takes to bring his conduct up to the level and brought forth fruit,..."(Matt. the same force as that which destroyed of his ideals; this is called repentance.

13:4-8.) the other house. This house did not But if his faith is not kept radiant

In explanation of the meaning of escape the storm but, having a rock by good works, he will be tempted to the parable, the Savior emphasized the foundation, withstood it. lower his ideals to the level of his

responsibility of all who hear the word, Some have thought that upon joining conduct. This is retrogression.

*Address delivered Friday morning, April 5.

466 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In these ominous and threatening Nothing but the gospel of love, the But this divine love elicits response times, we need physical, intellectual, restored gospel of Jesus Christ, which from us, not only by declarations of our and moral courage and sustaining faith. we gratefully proclaim, can save the love but by our attitude toward our

It may seem trite to say the world is world or the individual from the danfellow men. Benjamin Franklin prayed,

imperiled and divided and that these gers that threaten us. This is a gospel "Accept my kind offices to thy children

are times of historic decisions, but on of characterbuilding activity; of inas the only return in my power for

all levels of life, from individual and vincible faith and the courage that is thy continual favors to me."

family to national and international, born of faith; of repentance, the doorJohn, in his first epistle, wrote: "If a

challenging situations demand attention way to progress; of sanctification man say, I love God, and hateth his

and difficult problems require solution. through baptism of water and of the brother, he is a liar: for he that loveth

We all face a common challenge and Spirit, the doorway to the celestial kingnot his brother whom he hath seen, share a common cause. dom. Let us take courage in the how can he love God whom he hath

The threat of communism is sinister, knowledge that Christ, the Prince of not seen?

and its dangers are imminent. HunPeace, is at the helm. He has declared "And this commandment have we

dreds of millions of our fellow beings that the worth of souls is great in the from him, That he who loveth God love are being relentlessly imbued with the sight of God; so great that he gave his his brother also."(1 John 4:2021.)

satanic ideology that the Fatherhood only Begotten Son that whosoever beHow can a man have communion of God, the Saviorhood of Christ, and lieveth on him should not perish but with God if he does not have fellowship the brotherhood of man are stupid have everlasting life. with his fellow men?

myths, that religion is nothing but a The transcendent love of God the Jesus, when asked which was the great tranquilizing opiate. They seek to deFather has its counterpart in Christ, commandment, replied: "Thou shalt

prive men of physical, mental, and spirthe Son, whose redeeming sacrifice, love the Lord thy God with all thy itual freedom while endowing the state which was voluntary and love inspired, heart, and with all thy soul, and with with monstrous supremacy. This reloosed the bonds of death and assured all thy mind.

lentless indoctrination is but a conto all men the blessings of the resur- "This is the first and great commandtinuation of the war that began when rection. He declared it to be his work ment.

Satan's plan of force was rejected by and his glory to bring to pass the "And the second is like unto it, Thou the Father. We live in the most danimmortality and eternal life of man. shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.

gerous period of all history. The sixth The Apostle Paul gives us an appraisal "On these two commandments hang

chapter of Ephesians was never more of the enduring quality of God's love in all the law and the prophets."(Matt.

applicable than today: "For we wrestle his epistle to the Romans: "For I am 22:3740.)

not against flesh and blood, but against persuaded, that neither death, nor life, When on another occasion the Master principalities, against powers, against nor angels, nor principalities, nor was asked who is my neighbor, he the rulers of the darkness of this world, powers, nor things present, nor things replied with the parable of the good against spiritual wickedness in high to come, Samaritan, which teaches the lesson places."(Eph. 6:12.) "Nor height, nor depth, nor any that all who need our help, all whose

The Church is the main bulwark other creature, shall be able to separate lives we touch are our neighbors, against communism. The gospel is the us from the love of God, which is in whether they live across the street, over

most effective rebuttal to their godless Christ Jesus our Lord."(Rom. 8:3839.) the fence, across the continent, or over

ideologies. It is a spiritual force which

can crash and overcome all physical barriers. Surely we must put on the

whole armor of God,, consisting, as

Paul said, of truth, righteousness, peace, faith, with the helmet of salvation and the sword of the spirit, which is the word of God. Because of our faith in a

living, personal, and allpowerful God, we do not fear the final outcome in our fight against the emissaries of Satan, though we must ever be alert, united, and on guard. We are reassured by

John's wonderful vision on the Isle of Patmos: "And I saw an angel come down from heaven, having the key of the bottomless pit and a great chain in his hand.

"And he laid hold on the dragon, that old serpent, which is the Devil, and Satan, and bound him a thousand years, "And cast him into the bottomless pit, and shut him up, and set a seal upon him, that he should deceive the nations no more, till the thousand years should be fulfilled: and after that he

must be loosed a little season."(Rev.

20:1-3.)

JUNE 1963 the ocean. Our neighborhood has beFather hath bestowed upon us, that we central doctrine. The Roman governcome worldwide. should be called the sons of God: Therement was a type of the divine govAbou-Ben Adhem's name headed the fore the world knoweth us not, because ernment. This theology stamped the

list of those whom love of God had it knew him not. doctrine of decrees, of predestination

blessed because he, apparently more "Beloved, now are we the sons of and reprobation, the mere good pleasthan others, loved his fellow men. God, and it doth not yet appear what ures of God as the cause of all events.

The depth, direction, and quality of we shall be: but we know that, when The belief engendered fear and hate

our religious life depend upon our unhe shall appear, we shall be like him; rather than love and trust.... The

derstanding of the nature, purposes, and for we shall see him as he is."center of doctrine has shifted from

methods of God and our relationship (1 John 3:1-2.) sovereignty to fatherhood."The inspired

and responsibility to him. The scripIn a book titled A Century's Change concept of the actual fatherhood of God

tures are replete with reassuring promin Religion, quoted by Dr. James L. and the concomitant brotherhood of

ises that right will prevail over might, Barker, George Harris tells us: "There man is a basic doctrine of Mormonism

good over evil, truth over error, Christ has been a change in our thought of and is the most profound and hopeful over antiChrist. John the Beloved was God, from the conception of sovereignty philosophy in the world today.

inspired when he wrote the rhapsody in to the conception of Fatherhood; speakWe believe in a living, personal God;

his first epistle: ing broadly, it may be said, that the that his glory is intelligence, which de-

"Behold, what manner of love the Latin theology made sovereignty the notes purpose and plan; that he has the

OUR RESPONSIBILITIES ON THE SABBATH DAY'"

President Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council of the Twelve My beloved brethren and sisters, I want day—Sunday. I am going to read a tions and thy sacraments unto the Most

to talk to you briefly on our responsifew of these verses. High, confessing thy sins unto thy

bilities in regard to the Sabbath day. "And that thou mayest more fully keep brethren, and before the Lord.

In the beginning the Lord chose the thyself unspotted from the world, thou "And on this day thou shalt do none last day after the creation as the Sabshalt go to the house of prayer and offer other thing, only let thy food be prebath, and that continued until the up thy sacraments upon my holy day; pared with singleness of heart that thy

resurrection of Christ. After the resur- "For verily this is a day appointed fasting may be perfect, or, in other

rection of our Savior, the Sabbath day unto you to rest from your labors, and words, that thy joy may be full."

was transferred to the Lord's day or the to pay thy devotions unto the Most (D&C 59:9-13.)

first day of the week, contrary to the High; Now, we have some people professing

ideas of some professed Christians. "Nevertheless thy vows shall be Christianity who are very intense upon

The Lord settled this matter so far offered up in righteousness on all days the idea that the old Sabbath day should as we are concerned in a revelation and at all times; be maintained. The Lord himself

given by the Lord on the 7th day of "But remember that on this, the changed the day. The Saints in olden

August 1831, which was the Sabbath Lord's day, thou shalt offer thine oblatimes, that is, after the resurrection of

THRIFT AND SAVINGS VS. DEBT AND SPENDING

Thorpe B. Isaacson

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

I am sure you realize that one would be but on the opposite side we hear so record year.

very humble following President Hugh much about debt and spending, and we "Consumer credit has climbed more

B. Brown. I sincerely pray that what observe it on nearly every side until it than 40 percent, but personal bank-

I might say will be helpful to someone. is giving great concern. Credit buying ruptcy filings have soared to 110 per-

I would like to speak on a principle has become greatly abused until we cent. In each of the last six years

that has become somewhat oldfash- find many families and many indivoluntary bankruptcies have touched a ioned, then also on a certain practice viduals in difficulty. Bankruptcies filed new high."(Don C. Woodward.)

that has become rather prominent. in 1962 reached an alltime high in Thrift is very often completely igThe principle that I should like to say American history. An increase in nored. Debt seems to be on the consomething about, together with the bankruptcy is hitting the nation's busistant increase. Many cities, counties,

practice that I feel is being followed ness. I am quoting from Don C. Woodstates, and the federal government are

all too freely, is the subject of Thrift and ward, business editor of The Deseret experiencing a constant increase in debt.

Savings versus Debt and Spending. News: Many people are finding it impossible

In the very beginning of this great "A rising wave of personal bankto live within their income. One writer

country, thrift was a principle that was ruptcies is hitting the nation's business expressed a view that people do not accepted, practised, lived, and followed. where it really hurts.... Americans know how to live within their income,

Likewise in the beginning of the Church are not only buying on time as never and "they have lots of company."

in this dispensation, our pioneer fathers before, but they are spending themselves There was a time when most people from the very beginning were taught into bankruptcy in record numbers."accepted the fact that you could not

thrift and saving until it became a part The bankruptcies last year were spend more than your income, but this of their very lives. greatly increased over the year before, practice has been resisted. It would be

Today we hear very little about thrift, and the year before that was also a well if we could resist the temptation

Address delivered Friday afternoon, April 5.

468 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA will and the power to realize his purless eyes upon the tragedy of a world shall we take it? This depends upon

poses. He is our Father, and that fact at strife "patient continuance in well doing,"

assures love and inspires trust. And know that out of death and night upon the quality and depth of soil into

May the Holy Spirit direct all who shall rise the dawn of ampler life, which the seeds of truth may fall, and participate in the proceedings of this Rejoice, whatever anguish rend the upon whether we become doers of the conference, in song, prayer, or discourse, heart, word and not hearers only. Shall the

and inspire in all who listen a desire That God has given you the priceless seed be received by the wayside, in stony for renewed dedication and activity. dower to live in these great times places, in shallow soil, or among the

May our lives attest our gratitude for and have your part thorns; shall the care of this world and

the priceless privilege of living in the In freedom's crowning hour, the deceitfulness of riches choke the greatest of all dispensations and particiThat you may tell your sons who see the word that the seeds become unfruitful;

pating in the final preparation for the light high in the heavens, their or shall it be received into good ground second coming of Christ. No era in heritage to take, and bear fruit? Each one must answer

history was more momentous than our I saw the powers of darkness take their for himself. Let us pray for strength

own, for it heralds his coming. flight, to "... do justly, and to love mercy,

The words of the poet are prophetic: I saw the morning break."and to walk humbly with our God"(see

What then shall we take home from Micah 6:8) in the name of Jesus

"You that have faith to look with fearthis conference, and in what measure Christ. Amen.

Christ, accepted the date of the resurcome to a conclusion, and so no action Sabbath by revelation. We know which

rection as their Sabbath, and they called was final. But our duty is plain and day we should worship. We should folit the Lord's day. It was on that day clear. The Lord has decided the matlow it, and we should be true and

that John, in prayer before the Lord, ter for Latterday Saints, as I think he faithful, and I think we should support received the great revelation known did to formerday Saints, and Sunday those who likewise observe that day.

to us as the "apocalypse."is our Sabbath. Now on Sunday in Salt Lake City

I think we Latterday Saints should Now just a word of advice. You there will be a wonderful ball game

remember this fact. Now in our legismay follow it or you may reject it, but played by two of the great teams. There

lature, the session before the last, if I it is what I am doing, and Sister Smith. will be, I am positive, members of the

remember correctly, a bill was passed We do not patronize stores that open Church who will go to the ball park and vetoed by the governor, asking that on Sunday, and there are stores that instead of to their Sacrament meetings.

businesses be closed, prohibited to operdo not open on Sunday, and so they Our duty is to serve the Lord and ate, on the Sabbath day. It was get our trade. to remember him and the covenants

defeated by veto. Brethren and sisters, all I want to say that we have made. May the Lord bless

This year the legislature could not is that the Lord has set the time for our you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

to borrow for luxuries, and remember the habit of saving. They taught them cult. It is just getting started that is the

that tomorrow does come, and tomorrow to save and to go without things until biggest step. Once an individual gets

we will have to pay. It is estimated by they could afford some of the luxuries over the big step, he should attempt to

one writer that seventy percent of the they wanted. There has been a theory develop the habit of thrift, which will

American families could not go more developed now with the phrase, "Buy last his lifetime."

than sixty days without a pay check. Now, and Pay Later."There are, howSkilful management of money proThat means that they have no reserve, ever, many young people who are savvides great satisfaction. Every individual

and that their wages are already ing for their education and for their should be encouraged to put aside reguobligated. mission, but in the main families do larly a portion, even though it may be

Thrift has become somewhat obsolete. not save, and they have forgotten the small, of that which he receives, and

There are too many who do not have principle of thrift. as Mr. Christensen further states, "He

any savings. They spend all they make, It is difficult today to refrain from will then have taken a big step toward

and in many cases they spend more buying things that we do not need bebuilding a nobler character and finanthan they make. Perhaps the saddest cause the temptation is great. Payments cial stability."

feature of all is the fact that the lack are low, and in many instances things Now with reference to debt and spendof thrift and savings and the practice of can be purchased for nothing down. ing, it does cause a great deal of trouble

debt and spending are causing very Wise parents might try to instil the in families. Recently I have had a

many family problems. It is estimated virtue of thrift in their children. Chilnumber of men and women come and

that more divorces were caused last year dren should be taught to save. Mr. talk to me about their troubles. In

by financial problems than by any other Gerald R. Christensen of The Deseret nearly every instance we discovered that

single cause or reason. News in the article, "Saving Takes they were having trouble with their

Parents used to teach their children Planning,"states: "Saving is not diffifinances. Then quarrels started, bills

JUNE 1963 469 were unpaid, and estranged relationto overcome this financial difficulty. greatly to this economic situation, but

ships followed. Quoting again from Elmer R. Davis: debt and spending seem to be prevalent

Therefore, it would be'well if a man "Today's everpresent struggle is real, on every hand. If we knew the total inand his wife could sit down and go over and to meet this economic struggle, mardebtedness of all the individuals of this

their finances together, particularly perried couples should develop a philosophy country, it would be a staggering, unbetaining to their indebtedness, and plan of thrift. Without such a philosophy, lievable amount. One writer has stated

to get out of debt and not go in any they usually cannot hope to achieve the that this country, as far as its national deeper, unless they know there is a comfortable adjustment they expect."debt is concerned, is greater than all of

way in which they can repay their Married couples like to feel finanthe other countries of the world put toobligations. Women would do well cially successful. They like a sense of gether. This may not be completely

to know more about their husbands'financial wellbeing. However, it is accurate, but it is a reliable estimate.

finances and to make sure that they have hardly fair for young couples or middleSometimes it may not be wise to ac- a sound fiscal policy in their own famaged couples to expect all of the concept credit even though it is available.

ily. They would do well if they could veniences it has taken a lifetime for Sometimes it may not be wise to make

save a little for the future, practise the many to'achieve. purchases even though you do not need

law of thrift, not be extravagant and Charles V. Neal, Jr. writes: "A young to pay for them at the time. Somewasteful, and save a little of what couple entered into married life with the times it may not be wise to assume a

they make and not spend it all. It would best of intentions. As all good consumers debt or an obligation, especially if there

be well if a family could go without some do, they bought heavily on the installis some doubt or question in your mind things until they can afford them. ment plan and did not save a nickel to as to your honest ability to make payElmer R. Davis had this to say: ward off emergencies or predictable ment when agreed upon.

"There is growing concern in this counmajor expenditures. When payments beSecurity: How can you expect setry about the relatively few married came burdensome, they consolidated curity without sacrifice? One usually

couples who have placed thrift and into bigger loans. Then collection has to earn security. How can one feel

savings among their economic habits."procedures brought on family fights, secure when he is confronted with heavy

Young married couples, even middlethey separated and blamed each other."debt, with large payments which he

aged couples, should not expect to have I also quote again from Mr. Neal, and knows he cannot meet? When a pereverything all at once. It has taken I wish you would please note its sigson allows himself to get in this position,

many of us many years of hard work nificance: "Never has a major threat to and he has taken on debt and obligabefore we could have a home or an family life appeared on the social horitions he finds he cannot meet, it does

automobile. We were taught to work zon with less critics than has the installsomething to him. It may destroy his

hard, to save, and to be thrifty. Yes, ment buying, borrowing, spending selfrespect, his confidence, his reputawe have known poverty. We knew the and debt."tion, and even his credit rating.

only way to overcome financial diffiThere is no disgrace in being poor, Debt and spending have created anculties was by hard work, thrift, and but by hard work, thrift, and saving other serious problem because of the savings. It would have been folly to you can build an economic future. Yes, constant increased welfare load on both

practise the principle of spending and many of us have known poverty. Living the state and federal governments and

debt and borrow more money in order costs and taxes perhaps contribute the Church. Our welfare load in all

SINCERE DEVOTION-A WILLING HEART

Antoine R. Ivins

of the First Council of the Seventy

I am happy, my brothers and sisters, tions in money particularly, but conSo, why can't we develop the habit for the opportunity to stand before you tributions of substance and service, and of helping each other willingly and and bear my testimony. I recommend you who are immediately in front of effectively and efficiently. If we

to you what I have been doing the last us here are men all of whom, I believe, could do that, we would be happy few weeks, brothers and sisters, and have particular assignments for service always, I believe. So I think that

that is to read in the scriptures a bit, in the Church. is one of our very crucial, fundain the Old Testament. I like to open If we serve with the idea that good mental principles.

the Spanish version and read it. And in service will bring promotion, we may We serve, we contribute, we pay our

doing so recently I was struck with the be disappointed. If we serve with a tithes and our offerings. If we pay them

very frequent references in which, in willing heart because we love people because we dare not refuse to pay them, the reconstruction after the exodus and love to help them, the Lord will it is of little benefit to us. If we pay

from Egypt they had to ask for make us happy. In one of the scriptures those things because we love the work,

contributions from the people for their which I read, it said, "And they rejoiced love God, love his people, and realize work. And the thing that appealed because they contributed with a willing that the only way we can serve him

to me was that almost invariably they heart."I think that is the secret of our is to serve his children here, then we

asked that the people should volunhappiness very much, brothers and siswill grow and develop, and whether tarily contribute with a willing heart. ters, the attitude which we have in the we amass great wealth or not we will

I think that is a very important attiservice which we render. We are here be happy.

tude for us to take at the present for experience, for growth and developMan is that he may have joy, and I time—the voluntary contribution with ment, and the growth and dethink we ought to pay some attention

a willing heart—and when I say velopment of the spirit is perhaps the to it, brothers and sisters, that we be

contribution I don't mean contribumost important element of our lives. happy with each other, because our

470 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA three categories is on the constant upof daughters to raise their girls not to do not expect the state or federal governgrade, and yet we are living in a great expect too much, to be willing to make ments or Church to take care of you.

country where there are many opporsacrifices. She pleaded with mothers to You owe that to yourself. Do not abuse

tunities. Thrift and savings have been teach their girls how to manage, how your credit. When you have an obligaforsaken, and many of us do not prepare to save, to be thrifty, and not to expect tion, and you have assumed a debt, go

for our own retirement. We have been new furniture, new home, and new autowithout anything and everything until

living in good times these past fifteen or mobile until they could afford it. She that debt is paid. If you disregard finantwenty years, and during these same was greatly concerned about the girls cial responsibility, in due time you may

socalled good years of prosperity, our these boys would someday marry. Likelose your own selfrespect.

welfare load, as indicated, has inwise, fathers, teach your sons how to Married couples, take a look at your creased shamefully. Divorces caused by manage, teach them thrift. financial situation and see if it is sound.

financial problems have increased. Debt We should teach them the beauty of Do not try to spend yourself into prosand spending and extravagance have thrift and not the drudgery, not the unperity. You might land up in bankruptcy.

been practised. As individuals we should pleasantness of thrift. Teach them the Let us try to solve our own problems.

take a new look at our own financial selfrespect and personal satisfaction of Then we will live better, and we will situation and learn to live within our paying their own way in life. Let them live closer to the Lord. We will meet our

income and to practise the law of thrift know there is a reward for thrift and obligations, and we will pay our tithing and the principle of saving. saving, and there is also a penalty for and our contributions, remembering al-

I am not referring to a sensible credit, debt and spending. ways that the money which comes into

because credit is necessary in the conThere is a price to pay, and the price our hands is not altogether our own duct of business affairs. Sometimes a of success, freedom, and economic indemoney, and it does not all belong to us.

farmer needs to buy equipment for his pendence is high, but not nearly so high With God's blessings and help and farm, or a man and wife may want to as the price of failure, bankruptcy, heavy with the freedom of this great country of buy a home and pay for it like rent. indebtedness, and worry. free enterprise, industry, and opporThat is not the kind of debt to which Let us do without some of the things tunity, we can make a better life for

we refer. We are referring to the debt that we can do without until we can ourselves now and in future years. May

of buying luxuries'that we could do pay for them. Let us live within our God bless us that we will not comwithout and borrowing money to buy income and prepare for the future. Save pletely forsake that great and beautiful,

things we do not need. money for an education, for your misold-fashioned principle of thrift and

It would be well for a father to teach sion, for the day of marriage. Rememsavings, but that we will "shy away

his son, or a mother to teach her daughber that when money comes into your from debt as we would a plague,"as ter, how to live within his or her income. hands, regardless of the amount of it, stated by our late President J. Reuben

Recently I heard a mother speak at a do not spend all of it. Save something. Clark, Jr. Everything is spiritual in the

six of sight gathering. argusons. the couples avoidlarge should the Married She temShe had even

poral. finances, best greatly these sons This concerned about about isLord—yes,God's work, and the ments andwas way may we

because she knew someday they would to do that is not to get into financial live to obey the laws of God, the laws marry daughters in that same comdifficulties in the first place. of man, and the laws of the land, I pray

munity. She pleaded with the mothers Prepare for your own retirement, and in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

service is willing. you go back into the scriptures and find

There are many of us, holders of the the interesting stories connected with it, priesthood, many of us who are holders I would feel quite happy today. The time

of the Melchizedek Priesthood, that is so limited that I am not going to take somewhere or another after taking on more of it today, but I want you to the obligation and the implied covenants understand that in the long service that are with it do very little in the that I have rendered here I have tried way of service. We fail to serve our to have a willing heart and serve you

quorums; we fail to serve our wards; well. I have had no other major rewe fail to serve our stakes; we fail sponsibility or interest since 1931 when

pretty much, if the reports coming to I was appointed but to help this work us are true, to serve our God. We ought and especially to help the seventies of

not to assume those obligations, breththe Church. We are very proud of the

ren, if we don't feel in a measure that seventies. We are very proud of the

we can fulfil or comply with the promwork that they accomplish, and we are ises and covenants therein, and any interested in the purpose for which the man who has received that priesthood seventies were organized. Let us all

should, with a willing heart, attempt then, brothers and sisters, set to our to measure up to his responsibilities problems with a willing heart, with and opportunities. faith, and sincere devotion to our God,

Now if I could leave with you just I pray, in the name of Jesus Christ.

that one thought and then suggest that Amen.

JUNE 1963 A LETTER TO MY SON MICHAEL Milton R. Hunter

of the First Council of the Seventy

My dear Son Michael: the ancient prophets, this is the Dispensmall as your controlling desire, as

With the hope that I might say somesation of the Fulness of Times, "... the great as your dominating aspiration."

thing, my son, that will help you to times of the restitution of all things, (As A Man Thinketh, p. 42.)

live a more complete and joyful life which God hath spoken by the mouth Thus let me advise: my son, guard

and that someday you will receive a of all his holy prophets since the world your mind and your thinking continublessed exaltation in the presence of our began."(Acts 3:21.) ously. Do not listen to impure or

Lord, I am writing you this letter. You have the tremendous blessing, indecent stories. Never repeat a thought

Deep in the heart of every human my son, of being a member of the true or a story that you would not be proud being is a strong desire to experience Church of Jesus Christ. This is an to tell your mother. Immoral stories

joy day by day. In fact, Father Lehi inheritance more valuable than all of are insidious and degrading to one's

claimed that the achievement of a life the wealth of the world. spiritual growth and sweetness of perof joy was the principal purpose of our Seek day by day throughout your sonality; therefore, remember never to

existence. He said: "Adam fell that life to have sufficient inspiration and let anything come from your lips that

men might be; and men are, that they wisdom to know what the Lord our is indecent, suggestive, degrading, or of

might have joy."(2 Nephi 2:25.) Savior desires you to do; and then work an immoral nature in any respect. The

In order that you might live a life under that divine inspiration to do it Savior declared: "Blessed are the pure

filled with joy, that you might be happy at all times to the best of your ability. in heart: for they shall see God."

now, in the future, and forever, it is Jesus put it this way: "But seek ye first (Matt. 5:8.)

necessary that you understand who you the kingdom of God, and his righteousKnowing that we are children of God, are and the course that you must follow ness; and all these things shall be added the Apostle Paul pointed out that our

in order to attain a fulness of joy in this unto you."(Matt. 6:33.) bodies are very sacred. He said:

life and in the world to come. Always select good company with "Know ye not that ye are the temple

You are a son of God, literally and whom to associate. Your companions of God, and that the Spirit of God

actually a child of an Eternal Father in greatly influence the life that you live. dwelleth in you?

heaven. You are endowed with the Stay away from places of temptation. "If any man defile the temple of God,

spiritual attributes of godliness that if If any young man frequents places of him shall God destroy; for the temple

properly cultivated will result evenevil, eventually he will be ensnared of God is holy, which temple ye are."

tually in your returning to the presence in sin. (1 Cor. 3:1617.)

of that Divine Being and receiving In modern revelation, the Lord has On another occasion, the Apostle eternal life. Regarding this important commanded: "Wherefore, stand ye in Paul made it very clear that each of us

truth, the First Presidency, President holy places,..."(D&C 87:8.) Going to will have to answer for his own misJoseph F. Smith and his Counselors, church and doing temple work places takes, and, on the other hand, each of

Presidents John R. Winder and Anthon one in holy places. The Lord thy God us will be rewarded for his own good

H. Lund, wrote: commanded: "And that thou mayest actions. To quote:

"Man is a child of God, formed in more fully keep thyself unspotted from "Be not deceived; God is not mocked:

the divine image and endowed with the world, thou shalt go to the house for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall divine attributes, and even as the inof prayer and offer up thy sacraments he also reap.

fant son of an earthly father and upon my holy day."(Ibid., 59:9.) "For he that soweth to his flesh shall

mother is capable in due time of beKeep your mind and heart clean and of the flesh reap corruption; but he that

coming a man, so the undeveloped offpure at all times. The scriptures truthsoweth to the Spirit shall of the Spirit

spring of celestial parentage is capable, fully declared: "For as... [a man] reap life everlasting."(Gal. 6:7-8.)

by experience through ages of aeons, of thinketh in his heart, so is he."(Prov. Remember this, my son, God is no

evolving into a God."(The Improve23:7.) Our thoughts are like seeds respecter of persons. He will hold you

ment Era 13:81.) planted in a fertile garden. They take accountable for your sins and reward

My son, in the spring of 1820, the root, grow, and eventually mature in you for your righteous acts. The writer

greatest event that ever occurred in the full bloom. Thus the very center of of Ecclesiastes truthfully declared:

United States took place in the Sacred our charactergrowth is our inner "Let us hear the conclusion of the

Grove in New York. God our Eternal thoughts. Our thoughts precede our whole matter: Fear God, and keep his

Father and his Only Begotten Son apactions. They are the underlying forces commandments: for this is the whole

peared to a boy just your age—the that shape our destiny. My son, if one duty, of man.

Prophet Joseph Smith—in response to could look into your heart when you "For God shall bring every work into

his prayer regarding which church to have nothing in particular to do but judgment, with every secret thing, join. This marvelous vision was the to live with your thoughts, one could whether it be good, or whether it be

prelude to the restoration of the gospel predict your future happiness and sucevil."(Ecc'12:1314.)

of Jesus Christ. Soon thereafter, cesses or your future heartaches and The justice and mercy of God in

numerous heavenly beings appeared to failures. blessing his children is given plainly in

the Prophet, revealing the gospel of It is definitely true that each person the Doctrine and Covenants as follows:

Jesus Christ for the salvation of as is the product of his own individual "There is a law, irrevocably decreed many of. the human family as will bethinking. Mr. James Allen aptly dein heaven before the foundations of this

lieve and obey. The true church was clared: "Whatever your present enworld, upon which all blessings are

established; namely, The Church of vironment may be, you will fall, remain, predicated

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. or rise with your thoughts, your Vision, "And when we obtain any blessing

In accordance with the predictions of or your Ideals. You will become as from God, it is by obedience to the

472 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA law upon which it is predicated."hancing your memory and by giving men. We serve our God by serving his

(D&C 130:2021.) you strength and wisdom to complete children. There is nothing sweeter in

My son, there was a divine and eternal your assignments. He will help you to all the world than the spiritual blessings

truth declared by Alma, that great succeed in your numerous undertakings. which come to us as a result of service

Nephite prophet and teacher, which I Throughout life continue to call upon with the result of losing our lives for wish would rise in front of your eyes your Heavenly Father for divine guidthe Master's sake, with the assurance in your mind as a great placard in ance in all things that you do. Great that someday we shall receive eterglowing letters every time temptation men such as George Washington and nal life.

comes your way throughout life. I Abraham Lincoln found their supreme With these thoughts and purpose in

would that every Latterday Saint boy, strength in times of distress in humble mind, live in such a way that you are girl, man, and woman would memorize prayer to their Divine Creator. So will preparing to go on a mission when the

Alma's divine declaration and that it your burdens, my son, be made lighter call comes from the Lord. Save your

would flash strongly in their minds on and your heart be filled with serenity money now in your own private miseach and every occasion that they are and peace as you travel the highway of sionary fund. Study the scriptures.

tempted to do wrong. Alma declared: life if you continue to keep your Eternal Learn the gospel doctrines and then

"Behold I say unto you, wickedness Father as your companion, your friend, you will be prepared to serve your never was happiness."(Alma 41:10.) and your guide. Surely he will take fellow men—God's children—when the

Perhaps a scripture of equal vital imyou by the hand and will give you call comes.

portance to have ringing in your ears answers to your prayers. My son, be honest in all of your

is Paul's firm declaration that "... the One of the most vital things in your dealings. Never tell a lie. Build a

wages of sin is death."(Rom. 6:23.) life, if you are to have joy, is for you character of high integrity. Be just and

Your Heavenly Father has blessed to learn to work and to love to work. righteous in all of your actions as you

you, my son, with a healthy body and My son, work and work and work, for go through life. Joy and success will

a keen mind. Certainly he expects you herein lies perhaps your greatest joy. be your reward.

to keep them that way. To help ac- I know of nothing that gives more In due time you will desire to obey

complish this, he revealed the Word of satisfaction to one's hearts than to have the greatest law that God has given to

Wisdom. It stands to reason that wise a job he likes, and to do that job effiman—the law of celestial marriage. My

boys and wise men will at no time ciently to the best of his ability. An son, while in your youth you are pretake substances into their bodies which indescribable peace and satisfaction paring by clean living for this great

are not good for them. I plead with come into one's heart through work event. During your courtship days,

you to refrain from taking the first well done. When you stand before the court on a spiritual plane; and then

smoke, and then tobacco will never be judgment seat of the Lord after leavwhen you establish a home it will be a severe temptation to you. The same ing this mortal life, be able to report built upon a rock foundation which

truth holds for any other harmful subhonestly that you always did a full will weather all storms.

stance that you might be tempted to day's work. As you know, one of the To live and achieve in this world of

take into your body. Set your standards two first laws given to Adam and Eve complex problems, my son, you must

high. Be determined that you will was the commandment to earn their have courage. Do away with any fear

never break God's law of health. The bread by the sweat of their faces. This that may enter your heart. Fear is a

achievement of this resolution will bring law we must all obey if our lives are destroyer of success and happiness. It

you joy, peace, and comfort. It will pleasing to our Heavenly Father. The confuses the mind. It undermines one's

result in your maintaining health in following important advice appeared in abilities. Peace of mind comes from a

your body and mind; and you will rethe Salt Lake Tribune: clear conscience and the conquest of

ceive "... wisdom and great treasures "A police chief's advice to teenagers fear. Therefore, remember and do at

of knowledge, even hidden treasures"—Always we hear the plaintive cry of all times as the Lord commanded

(D&C 89:19) one of which treasures is the teenagers Joshua: "... Be strong and of a good

a firm conviction that Jesus is the Christ "What can we do? Where can we courage; be not afraid, neither be thou

and the Savior of the world. Also, go?'dismayed: for the Lord thy God is

obedience to the Word of Wisdom will "The answer is... go home! Hang with thee whithersoever thou goest."

help you to maintain your body as a the storm windows, paint the wood- (Joshua 1:9.)

pure temple in which the Spirit of work, rake the leaves, mow the lawn, And now, my son, I shall close this

God can dwell. shovel the walk, wash the car; learn to letter by making only one more imMy son, be prayerful. Pray to your cook, scrub the floors, repair the sink, portant suggestion. As you travel

Heavenly Father every night before you build a boat, get a job, help the minthrough life, have faith in yourself.

retire to bed. Pray to him every mornister, priest, or rabbi, the Red Cross, the Have faith that you can accomplish

ing before you leave your bedroom. Pray Salvation Army; visit the sick, assist the the things which you righteously take

for the sick and afflicted, the poor and poor, study your lessons, and then into your heart to accomplish. Disapneedy, the widows and orphans, and all when you are through and not tired pointments do come in life; but also

workers of righteousness throughout the... read a good book."great shall be your joy with the numerworld. Pour out your heart in thanksMy son, if you are to live a life ous accomplishments you will make

giving to him for the numerous blessings filled with joy and happiness, learn through tenaciously retaining faith in that he gives you. Pray to him for his now while in your youth that such your ability to achieve.

divine guidance in your schoolwork. results come about only to the proportion Affectionately,

He will answer your prayers by enthat you render service to your fellow Your Father

JUNE 1963 473 "GAIN A TESTIMONY..."

Eldred G. Smith

Patriarch to the Church A favorite song of mine, one that is during the study and practice we must in mortality. That spirit body, comfamiliar to us all goes to this effect: be in close communication with our bined with our mortal body, makes a

Heavenly Father and pray to him living soul. When we receive prompt-

"I have a testimony, sacred and dear for help."ings from the Holy Ghost, it is like

to me Moroni also gives us a formula: "And opening an imaginary door between the

Something that lies within my soul...."when ye shall receive these things,"spirit mind and the mortal mind. When

that is after you have done the study this happens, we receive knowledge

Just what is a testimony? Webster and received instruction and prepared which we cannot deny. We have to put

says: "A solemn declaration or affirmayourself, "I would exhort you that ye ourselves in tune with the Spirit of the

tion made to establish or prove a fact,"would ask God, the Eternal Father, in Lord or the Spirit of the Holy Ghost, or "attestation of a fact or an event."the name of Christ, if these things are as has been mentioned here today. We

Could we say then that a testimony is not true; and if ye shall ask with a will be held accountable for that knowlknowledge of a fact? We say we have a sincere heart, with real intent, having edge in the day of judgment. By the

testimony as if it were a possession. Of faith in Christ, he will manifest the Holy Ghost you may know the truths

course it is. It is a possession of knowltruth of it unto you, by the power of of the gospel. I'd like to mention just

edge. How does one obtain knowledge, the Holy Ghost. a few of these, and we will have heard

either secular or religious? A student "And by the power of the Holy Ghost some, and we will hear more as we go

must go through the usual process of ye may know the truth of all things."through this conference.

study, research, etc. To obtain religious (Moroni 10:4-5.) You may know of a surety of the

knowledge requires additional effort. The power and function of the Holy visitation of God the Father and his

The Lord said, "... Ask, and it shall Ghost is to testify of the truth, and Son Jesus Christ to the Prophet Joseph

be given you; seek, and ye shall find; especially to testify of the Father and Smith in the Sacred Grove. The Father,

knock, and it shall be opened unto of the Son. The Holy Ghost, being a calling him by name, said, "... This

you."(Luke 11:9.) personage of Spirit, speaks through our is My Beloved Son. Hear Him!"(Joseph

The Prophet Joseph Smith has given spirits. Each of us has a spirit body Smith 2:17.)

us a formula: "If we are to gain a testiand a physical body. Before coming to Then you may also know of the true

mony of anything, we must first desire this earth we were personages of spirit, concept of Deity. God is truly an Ex-

a testimony, then learn to understand yet we were individuals. We could alted Being. Jesus Christ is literally

the truth in question, then practise that walk, run, speak, see, think. Our spirit his Begotten Son.

which has been learned, and before and body was made of elements not found We testify that the Book of Mormon

Friday Afternoon Session, April 5, 1963 KNOWING IS NOT ENOUGH Richard L. Evans

of the Council of the Twelve Going back to the opening by President One eminent thinker and writer, enough. We have to accept first the

Brown this morning on doing and living Richter, said, "Don't wait for extraorfirst of the first principles, which include the law and keeping the commandments dinary circumstances to do good actions; not only faith but also repentance.

and proving it by our actions, I should try to use ordinary situations."Now we hear much, and we are gratelike to talk briefly on a subject, sugThe encouraging thing in life for all ful for the wonderful, widereaching of

gested by the phrase, that "knowing is of us is this or one of the encouraging the Church, for its accomplishments not enough."things, one of the realistic facts to face, worldwide, for conversions, for the

May I share with you a sentence or that our Father in heaven knows us marvelous forward moving in every two from Winston Churchill, who said, better than we know ourselves; that he field that pertains to the Church. But

"It is no use saying 'We are doing our knows our capacity; that he doesn't this is made possible by people who perbest.'You have got to succeed in doing expect of us the unattainable, the unform, by missionaries who go out, by

what is necessary."I'm not sure we reachable, or the impossible; that he people who pay tithes and offerings

know really when we are doing our best. hasn't given us commandments that we and building funds. And again, just

I'm not sure that in most cases we can't keep or requirements that we can't knowing is not enough. Someone has

couldn't extend ourselves further in any meet. Just to take one specific thing, to do everything; and wonderful as has

performance in life. Since eternal life for example, as to our physical wellbeen and is the growth of the Church

is the great prize, it isn't enough just to being: the law of health that God has it can be yet much more so by the pertry. We have to succeed. There is given us. He describes it as being counformance of those who increase in

only one journey—an everlasting one sel to "the weak and the weakest."faithfulness. Such things are never

one time and one eternity—so far as I (D&C 89:3.) Nobody can be weaker quite convenient. We have to stretch

am aware, and if I may use the verthan "the weakest"and he has assured ourselves and exceed ourselves and set nacular, we can't afford to "sit this one us that this counsel is for even these, aside our convenience ofttimes.

out."Knowing is not enough! and simply knowing is not enough. It How many times this people have

Emerson said, "The world looks like is the doing of the thing, the living of heard from this pulpit the words of... a mathematical equation, which, the law, the keeping of the commandRalph Waldo Emerson so often uttered

turn it how you will, balances itself."ment that brings the blessings. There is in the ringing voice of President Grant:

And then he added a sentence which I ample, conclusive, objective, medical "That which we persist in doing becomes have often cited, "Do the thing, and evidence that this great law of health easier for us to do; not that the nature

you shall have the power. They who can be factually demonstrated to be what of the thing itself has changed, but that

do not the thing have not the power."it is said to be. But mere knowing is not our power to do is increased,"although

474 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA came forth by divine guidance; also the rection is real and will be universal, going? President Henry D. Moyle has

Doctrine and Covenants and the Pearl that each shall inherit a degree of glory said, "It is our purpose as members of of Great Price. in accordance with his faithfulness—the the Church to consider constantly the We know and accept the restoration celestial, terrestrial, or telestial—the place of testimony in our lives. We

of the gospel with the priesthood of God righteous to receive eternal life and exdare not become complacent or unaware to act in his name and perform the altation in the celestial kingdom. The of this priceless gift which is ours."

ordinances of the gospel needed for Prophet Joseph Smith said, "If the When we bear our testimonies, we are salvation and exaltation. resurrection from the dead be not an teaching others the truths that have

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., has important point or item in our faith, enriched our lives and made us happy.

said, "What today's world must have if we must confess we know nothing about Our testimonies are born to give thanks humanity is to go on climbing upward, it; for if there be no resurrection from to God for the knowledge and assuris men, those wearing the cloth as well the dead then Christ is not risen; and ance he has given us, to assist our

as the laity, who know that God lives if Christ is not risen he was riot the brethren and sisters in strengthening and that Jesus is the Christ; men, that Son of God; and if he was not the Son their testimonies, and to carry the conhaving this knowledge have also the of God there is not nor cannot be a viction which is ours into the hearts

intellectual honesty not only to admit Son of God, if the present book called of all other people upon the face of but to proclaim it; who have further the scriptures is true; because the time the earth.

the moral courage and sterling character has gone by when, according to that I invite all to follow the formula to live the righteous lives this knowledge book, he was to make his appearance."given and obtain a testimony with us

demands. This knowledge must be a (DHC. 2, 18.) of the truths of the gospel of Jesus

living, burning knowledge of God There is great strength in a testimony, Christ. I testify to you in the name of

and Christ."strength to resist evil, strength to do. Jesus Christ that these things are true

We testify of the divine purpose of What is it that causes a bishop or a and that God lives, that Jesus Christ temple work, the vicarious work necesstake president or others to spend so is truly the Son of God, that Joseph sary for the salvation of all, the living much time in church work without Smith is a prophet of God through and the dead. Yes, we declare the prinmonetary remuneration? Is it not his whom the gospel has been restored. I

ciple of continued revelation through testimony? Was it not their faith and testify that President David O. McKay

his prophet, and his prophet today is testimony that brought the pioneers is a true prophet of God today, and I

President David O. McKay. across the plains? Is it not testimony do this in the name of Jesus Christ.

We testify of the surety that the resurthat keeps the great.missionary system Amen.

President Grant, as I remember quoted of my Father in heaven and not preWith you, I would wish this day to them just a bit differently from the above. sume to know enough to set any of his say to President McKay that I believe

I am thinking of our statistics percommandments aside. we have the courage, the devotion, the

taining to the active and the inactive, "No life,"said one of our eminent dedication, and the conviction to follow all of which are needed as a measure of contemporary thinkers, "ever grows great him wherever the Lord God leads him performance. But I am not sure that until it is focused, dedicated, and to lead us. With you I know that he is

our Father in heaven is going to be too disciplined."a prophet. With you I bear witness of

much impressed with statistics per- "And, if you keep my commandments the divinity of our Lord and Savior, taining to the missing. I think perhaps and endure to the end you shall have Jesus Christ, and with you I acknowlhe will look at us and ask, 'Where are eternal life, which is the greatest of all edge that merely knowing this is not

the others?"as any father would if any the gifts of God."(D&C 14:7.) enough, and with you I would pray for

of his family were missing. Where are If I may again cite Emerson, he said, strength to do increasingly well that

the others? "Nothing can bring you peace but yourwhich we know so well, which God

Testimony is a great thing, but men self. Nothing can bring you peace but has given us to know, and I do it in

who have had great testimonies have the triumph of principles."Jesus'name. Amen.

fallen by the wayside. Men who have

had wonderful manifestations have fallen by the wayside, and the living of the law, the meeting of the obligation, the rendering of the service, the doing of the duty, the rising to the actual performance is the essential thing, and the mere knowing of our duty is not enough.

There is one thing concerning which none of us knows enough. We don't

know enough, any of us, to be safe in setting any of the commandments aside.

We have to take someone's advice; we

have to believe someone; and I for

myself would hope to accept the counsel

JUNE 1963 THE SECRET LIES IN THE HOME John Longden Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

Being fully aware of the responsibility castle for the family who lives therein Have family prayer night and which is mine, yet duly grateful for it, by acceptance and application of the morning.

I am mindful of the prayers which have spiritual values taught by the gospel of Honor the Sabbath day to keep it been and are being offered and the Jesus Christ. In other words, it will holy.

thoughtful remembrance of President not be a home unless the breath of life Attend church services together as

Brown this morning, invoking the blessis breathed into it through spirituality. a family.

ings of the Lord upon all who should We have seen houses under construcObey the law of tithing. Our exstand here. From all this, I receive tion which when completed, have been ample will teach our children.

strength. I desire the inspiration of the listed as "model homes."Recently I Fast two consecutive meals once a

Lord with the thought in mind that our saw an advertisement which asked, "Is month and contribute the cost to hearts may be touched that we may be there living power in your home?"Here the fast offering donation.

built up in our faith and testimony of again is reference to material furnishCultivate the habit of reading the this glorious restored gospel of Jesus ings for a house1—extra comforts and four standard works of the Church

Christ. conveniences. Are any of these things and the best in literature.

Recently I read a survey which had the genuine requisites of a home? Victor Have children baptized when they

been made by the American Institute of Hugo recognized one requirement for a reach the age of eight years.

Family Relations, a reputable research happy home when he wrote: By our own words and actions,

organization which indicated that forty guide and help children early to million homes in America need help. "A house is built of sticks and stones love the Lord and to develop a

This survey did not refer to the need and tiles and posts and piers, testimony of the restored gospel.

for financial help—something deeper. It But a home is built of loving deeds Prepare each young man to look

found that there is a lack of harmony, that stand a thousand years."forward to a mission so that when

unity, tranquility, and a distinct lack the time comes, he will have a of compatibility in many families. This Love—loving deeds. Victor Hugo genuine desire to go out and serve

survey caused me to reflect on the need may have had a glimpse into immorthe Lord as a missionary.

of spiritual values in all our homes. I tality. However, he placed a time limit Teach children to look forward to

ask myself the question, "Do I live in a of a thousand years. We know that the temple marriage. Through love and

mere house or a beautiful spiritual family unit will continue for time and encouragement, help them to unhome? What am I doing to bring spiritall eternity, but he uttered a great truth. derstand what it means to have

uality into our home?"A home is built of love, a basic virtue such a ceremony performed in the

Whether it be a fale in the South that must be accepted and practised if temple and then to honor and

Pacific, an igloo in Alaska, a hogan on the houses we live in are to become obey the covenants which they will the reservation, an hacienda in Mexico, homes. make there.

a tent, a trailer, a flat, an apartment, What are some of the spiritual values Parents should love and respect or a house in any other part of the which will help to make a house a children.

world, each in its own place can be a home? Children love and honor parents.

home regardless of the cost of materials All male members of our Church Keep busy.

that went into its construction or its should hold and every member Be considerate of others and be unfurnishings. Each can be a home or a honor the priesthood. selfish.

A SOLID FOUNDATION

Alma Sonne Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

My brethren and sisters, it is a great place. It is the best place on the earth for people. They were in a desert land.

privilege to stand here. It is also a great the Church to grow, develop, and exThe hard and stern reality was before

responsibility. It occurred to me as I pand, and to direct its activities in the them. They could not return, for they

was listening to the speakers today that process of building up God's kingdom. had nowhere to go. By every law of

there is much encouragement and much I am sure Brigham Young had no probability they should have perished inspiration in the history of this Church. doubts nor misgivings as he made that in the desert country, and yet this

I recall many years ago of hearing Elder famous declaration, for the work of prophetleader thought first about the

James E. Talmage deliver a baccacolonization had already commenced. spiritual welfare of those who were to

laureate sermon. In his sermon he said: Fields were being plowed and irrigated. come. I can think of nothing on the

"The Mormon pioneers were well nigh Crops were planted, and homes provided. pages of history to match it.

perfect in the work which they did."He Scarcely a week had passed before he Brigham Young knew that no people

also said that their program was conhad designated the very spot where a can endure permanently without God.

structive throughout, and that they laid temple was to be built and where it Nations crumble and fall when they a solid foundation for that part of the now stands. "Here we will build a ignore the standards and the concepts

vineyard which has been planted in the temple to our God,"he said. Do you by which they arose to power and influheart of these Rocky Mountains. catch the significance of that statement? ence. President Young's ambition was

During the month of July 1847, BrigThere was so much to do to provide to lay a solid foundation that would ham Young looked into the Salt Lake the material comfort for his people not corrode nor disintegrate; but what

Valley and remarked: "This is the and for all those who were to follow. was the situation when he undertook

place."After the lapse of 1 15 years you Ordinarily his chief concern would be to lay this foundation? Where were the

and I know he was right. It is still the for the physical wellbeing of these Saints? Where was the body of the

476 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

I offer these as a few suggestions which tend the funeral service for a man who it may be and will make it a worthy will help make a house a home. emigrated to the United States when he home for his spirit children. Then our

In my travels over the Church, I have was twentyone years of age, a nonhouse will be a home—our castle—

found many homes that are truly member of the Church from Germany. sacred place.

spiritual shrines to the families who He fell in love with a faithful member I pray that all of us here assembled live therein. May I tell you of one or of the Church, and she proceeded to and all within the sound of my voice,

two of these homes? I think of a family teach him the gospel of Jesus Christ, especially those having membership in

of eight children. The father is busy as thus he was informed of the great printhe Church, will desire to take inven-

a counselor in a bishopric, the mother ciple of eternal marriage. After studying tory and make of our houses homes

active in auxiliary work. These good and gaining a conviction, he was bapwhere the Spirit of the Lord may dwell

parents have never lost sight of their tized. He loved and lived the principles and where all are unashamed to keep

responsibility to teach their children taught by the gospel of Jesus Christ. and live the commandments of the gosspirituality, to train them in the ways of In due time, he was found worthy to pel of Jesus Christ.

the gospel of Jesus Christ. They know receive a temple recommend. They Then I pray for all who are listening

this is accomplished first and foremost were sealed over the altar of God for in who may not have membership in in the home. They attend church totime and for all eternity. Twelve chilThe Church of Jesus Christ of Lattergether, participate in studying the scripdren were born to this union. All of day Saints. May you come to a knowltures together, hold family night where their children have been married in the edge and acceptance of the truths of

all have an opportunity further to detemple of the Lord and are serving in this glorious gospel which will bring velop and utilize the talents God has some capacity in the Church at the peace and harmony in your home.

blessed them with; also the children are present time, following the beautiful I bear you my witness that I know

taught and assisted in their schoolwork. example taught by the parents. that God lives. I know that Jesus is

A large room in their home is designated They came through many hardships, his divine Son. I am grateful for

the children's room with each child financial depressions, etc., yet never lost this testimony. I bear witness of the

having a desk of his own. They are sight of the fact that they were rich divine mission of the Prophet Joseph

taught in things virtuous, lovely, and with spiritual blessings. Now the love, Smith and those who have succeeded

of good report. They are taught to sing, the harmony and unity taught in this him down to President David O. McKay

and when they become old enough, one home extends to twelve other homes. whom I uphold and sustain as the

they learn to play some musical instruMay I quote a statement from Presimouthpiece and prophet of the Lord, ment. They have many fun times todent McKay: "The secret of good memholding the keys of the kingdom and

gether as a family unit. bership in the Church or good the mantle of authority. May we be

is citizenship in living in the nation lies consistent truly in the the gospel love Theirs at home. of Jesus Here

is in house. a 66: Christ (The Era not just home."our homes, Improvement work together remembering They

and for each other. They forget selfish- [April 1963] p. 252.) again that our latterday prophet has

ness. I was informed by the father With these truths in mind, let us said: "The secret of good membership

and mother that the sons are saving so stay close to our children: play, work, in the Church or good citizenship in

they may be able to fill missions when pray, and worship together. These the nation lies in the home."

called by their bishop. values will truly bring living power into God bless us to this end, I pray humRecently it was my privilege to atthe place we live regardless of where bly in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Church? They were scattered from the Sutter's Mill. The church membership the Church to feel the importance of

British Isles to the Great Basin in the in 1847 was approximately 40,000 souls. what was done in those early days.

Rocky Mountains. Most of them were headed for the These daring, venturesome men and

As the year 1847 closed there were Rocky Mountains, the place of gatherwomen believed in God. They worapproximately 10,000 church members ing in fulfilment of prophecy, for shiped him in spirit and in truth. In

in England; 2,000 in Scotland; and 4,160 according to Micah: "... in the last the desert, coming and going, they had

scattered on a worldwide basis. The days it shall come to pass, that the time to think and pray and to appraise

church population in the Great Salt mountain of the house of the Lord their new faith and make comparisons

Lake Valley was about 2,000, and beshall be established in the top of the with all they had left behind.

tween 5,000 and 13,000 were at Winter mountains, and it shall be exalted above And so they laid a foundation that

Quarters in Nebraska, and between the hills; and people shall flow unto makes for permanency. Again I say the

2,000 and 4,000 in the various settleit."(Micah 4:1.) pioneer movement was not a venture. It

ments in Iowa. Less than 200 reThe Latterday Saints, no matter was a directed movement, Godinspired

mained in Nauvoo, and between 200 where they were, knew they were a and sustained by an overruling proviand 300 in the city of St. Louis, Mischosen people. Their movement westdence. It was a search for freedom,

souri. There were between 7,000 and ward was not an accident. The Prophet where sincere and honest men could

13,000 scattered throughout the eastern Joseph Smith had referred to the West worship God in their own way.

and the southern states, and 2,000 in the when he prophesied that the Saints May that freedom be preserved in this

Society [Tahitian] Islands. would become a mighty people in the land of America and wherever there

The Mormon Battalion numbering midst of the Rocky Mountains. is a libertyloving people, I pray in the

200 were stationed in San Diego and We need only review the history of name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1963 477 A GLORIOUS PRINCIPLE John H. Vandenberg

Presiding Bishop

At the turn of the century, President ing and adherence to the principle of care of the poor, that we should watch

Lorenzo Snow, in addressing the Saints fasting. I would like to say something over our own kin and. be responsible

in general conference, said, "Seventy relative to it. As a Church, we have not for our father, mother, brother, and

years ago this Church was organized reached the full benefits of this prinsister when they are in need.

with six members. We commenced so ciple. There are some who faithfully It is here that I would like to state

to speak as an infant.... Through the observe the fast and who receive the full that the Lord has caused a day of fasting

blessings of the Lord, however, we manblessings. But there are many who and prayer to be set up in this day so

aged to move along in our stage of must yet be taught the true principle that collectively the Church might join infancy, receiving support from the of fasting and be converted to it and together to fulfil the purposes of fasting.

Lord as he saw proper to give it.... practise it in order to receive the great In the general letter from the Council

We understand very well, when we reblessings associated with it. of the Twelve to the Church under date

flect back upon our own lives, that we The Prophet Isaiah clearly sets forth of May 17, 1845, which Orson Pratt read did many foolish things when we were an understanding of the fast. As he to the Saints, these words appear:

boys because of our lack of experience observed the people, he was, no doubt, "Let this be an ensample to all saints, and because we had not learned fully considerably upset and concerned with and there will never be any lack for to obey the instructions of our fathers the way they had abused the purpose bread: When the poor are starving, let

and mothers. We could not then and principle of fasting. those who have, fast one day and give

comprehend that it was absolutely necesHe said: "... Behold, in the day of what they otherwise would have eaten

sary for our proper advancement that your fast ye find pleasure, and exact all to the bishops for the poor, and every we should observe the counsels of our your labours."(Ibid., 58:3.) one will abound for a long time; and

parents. Many of us learned it, but A writer says this scripture means this is one great and important principle

too late perhaps to correct ourselves. that they find pleasure and carry on of fasts, approved of the Lord. And so

Yet as we advanced, the experience of business and oppress all their laborers. long as the saints will all live to this

past materially the assisted avoid us to all their professing of selfdenial With glad principle, with hearts cheerful and 1 such mistakes in our as we had made selfish. they are countenances will they always have an

boyhood. "Behold, ye fast for strife and debate, abundance."(DHC 7:413.)

"It has been so with the Church.... and to smite with the fist of wickedThe bishop should frequently encourWhen we examine ourselves,... we ness:..."(Ibid., 58:4.) age the members of his ward to observe

discover that we are still not doing exOr in other words as a result they the fast day and voluntarily contribute a actly as we ought to do, notwithstandare rewarded with strife, debate, and generous offering. The Lord knows in

ing all our experience. We discern that wickedness. his wisdom that individually we are

there are things which we fail to do Isaiah further explains the purposes generally not prone to seek out the poor, that the Lord expects us to perform, and blessings concerning the fast. He the hungry, and those in need, and

some of which he required us to do in asks: "Is not this the fast that I have individually attend to their needs on

our boyhood. But we feel thankful chosen? to loose the bands of wicked- a continuing basis. By fasting collecand grateful that we are enabled now, ness, to undo the heavy burdens, and tively there is no end to the good that

... to accomplish many things.... to let the oppressed go free, and that can be done; that no one need suffer;

While we congratulate ourselves in this ye break every yoke? that such assistance as might be given

direction, we certainly ought to feel "Is it not to deal thy bread to the is rendered through the bishop in love that we have not yet arrived at perfechungry, and that thou bring the poor and mercy and that full dollar value tion. There are many things to do yet."that are cast out to thy house? when is rendered without any administra-

(Conf. Rep., April 1900, pp. 1-2.) thou seest the naked, that thou cover tive cost.

As I was reading President Snow's him; and that thou hide not thyself Fasting is a voluntary principle. The

message to the Church, it was evident from thine own flesh?"(Ibid., 58:6-7.) Lord also said: "... it is not meet that

to me that the Lord has been good as I suppose when he speaks of "loosing I should command in all things; for

well as patient with the Saints. He has the bands of wickedness"of "undoing he that is compelled in all things, the

set up these conferences wherein his the heavy burdens,"and the "breaksame is a slothful and not a wise servpeople might be admonished and ining of every yoke"that he is referring ant; wherefore he receiveth no reward.

formed concerning his kingdom. to the wickedness of people who think "Verily I say, men should be anxiously

Now President Snow in his observaonly of themselves in selfishness, vanity, engaged in a good cause, and do many tions referred to some of these matters pride, and having hearts so set upon the things of their own free will, and bring after the Church had been established things of this world that the two great to pass much righteousness"; (D&C

for seventy years. commandments of loving God and lov58:2627.) Fasting is a principle that all

with the Today having Church are ing neighbor entirely are forgotten. live to encouraged young by—the

the 133reached age of years, we marvel principles of loving rich thy the old, the neighbor The and the poor, and the at its growth; and with the strength of and of loving God are encompassed in widow and the needy.

its leadership, we are moving forward. the true purpose of the fast. President Joseph F. Smith says: "The

Yet as we examine ourselves, we see Certainly, it takes no imagination to Lord has instituted the fast on a reathere is much need for improvement. understand what is meant when he sonable and intelligent basis, and none

I think of the Prophet Isaiah's words says, "... that thou bring the poor that of His works are vain and unwise. His

when he said: "Cry aloud, spare not, are cast out to thy house? when thou law is perfect in this as in other things.

seest the that naked, cover those are him; Hence, thou to can required who like thy voice a trumpet, andlift up

it is thyself thereto; hide thou and that not from comply a duty from which

their transgression, peopleshew my it and thine flesh?"let escape; they cannot but own be rememthe house of Jacob their sins."He meant that in addition to taking bered that the observance of the fast

(Isa. 58:1.) abstaining twentyfour by hours from

I observe food rule, and drink is not an absolute a great need for the teachmelow,xThe OneM. A.VolumeEditor,Biblepage Commentary,449. J. R. Dum478 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

it is no ironclad law to us, but is left and he shall say, Here I am...."as you help them to build "thou shalt

with the people as a matter of con- (Ibid., 58:9.) What more assurance raise up the foundations of (their)- many

science, to exercise wisdom and diswould we need than this as a promise generations (to follow); and then thou

cretion. Many are subject to weakness, that we may call upon the Lord and shalt be called, The repairer of the

others are in delicate health, and others he will answer? breach."In other words, you have

have nursing babies; of such it should Then Isaiah reiterates: "... If thou helped them overcome their weaknesses,

not be required to fast. I have known take away from... thee the yoke, (or to restore their souls, to bridge the gap

children to cry for something to eat on wickedness) the putting forth of the through reactivating, rehabilitation, and fast day. In such cases, going without finger, (or accusing others) and speak- "restoring"the path for them to walk in.

food will do them no good. Instead, ing vanity; To those responsible for the leaderthey dread the day to come, and in place "And if thou draw out thy soul to the ship of the Saints in every unit of the

of hailing it, dislike it; while the comhungry, and satisfy the afflicted soul; Church, I say, teach the people the prinpulsion engenders a spirit of rebellion then shall thy light rise in obscurity, ciple of fasting, in love, in gentleness,

in them, rather than a love for the and thy darkness be as the noon day: in firmness, and in humility. Fasting

Lord and their fellows. Better teach "And the Lord shall guide thee conwill give them spiritual strength and

them the principle, and let them obtinually, (or the Holy Ghost will direct help them to develop selfcontrol.

serve it when they are old enough to your daily life) and satisfy thy soul in President Snow observed in his day a choose intelligently, than to so compel drought, (This is your personal security need for maturity, so we today after 133 them."(Gospel Doctrine, p. 244.) in times of need and difficulty.) and years should reach manhood in the fast

I feel to add that those who are not make fat thy bones: (I believe this has offering program.

physically able to abstain from food and to do with health. In the bone there is Actually as a Church we are not meetdrink should participate on fast day to marrow and marrow manufactures the ing the cash needs of the sick, the naked,

the extent of prayers, offerings, and blood that is vital to the strength and and the hungry as we should through testimony. If we abide by the word of wellbeing of the body.) and thou shalt the principle of fasting. It is our oblithe Lord for the above purposes, we will be like a watered garden, and like a gation to teach the Saints this principle

surely be blessed as God has promised spring of water, whose waters fail not in order that they may break the sin through his prophets. I suppose there is (or inspiration and wisdom will flow of selfishness that their offerings and

no physical blessing desired so much as from you continually). their blessings may be generous.

being well in mind and in body. "And they that shall be of thee shall Now brothers and sisters, I want to

Listen again to Isaiah and this prombuild the old waste places: thou shalt leave with you the desire of my heart in

ise, "Then shall thy light break forth as raise up the foundations of many genthe words of Omni: "... I would that

the morning, and thine health shall erations; and thou shalt be called, The ye should come unto Christ, who'is the

spring forth speedily:..."(Isa. 58:8.) repairer of the breach, The restorer of Holy One of Israel, and partake of his

What would this be worth to you? Think paths to dwell in."(Ibid., 58:9-12.) To salvation, and the power of his redempof what it means. "... and thy rightme this is a promise to those working tion. Yea, come unto him, and offer

eousness shall go before thee; the glory with the members of the Church who your whole souls as an offering unto

of the Lord shall be thy rereward."are in need physically and spiritually, him, and continue in fasting and pray-

(Idem.) "they that shall be of thee,"or that ing, and endure to the end; and as the

Further, "Then shalt thou call, and you may be able to help them'—to do Lord liveth ye will be saved."(Omni

the Lord shall answer; thou shalt cry, what? "Build the old waste places,"and 26.) In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

-suit

wm GODS PROPHETDAVID O. MCKAY

William J. Critchlow, Jr.

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

In the course of my office day, at about bad time. He gave them one. He who said, "Come, follow me,"

noon of the day, but not every day, I Faintly I soon heard the sound of two thousand years ago is a busy man.

may see through my office window two hoofs thudding rapidly upon the sod. Worlds without number has he created,

men, locked arm in arm, striding toward The thudding strengthened, growing and by him and through him were they

Hotel Utah. One is tall and slender louder and louder and still louder; and created. He must be a very busy man.

rather easy to identify—despite his disthen suddenly, two horses charged He has placed his kingdom here on

tance from the window. He is President around the brush, racing neck to neck earth in the hands of his officers, those

McKay on his way, by escort, to his straight toward President McKay. I who hold the priesthood—and the kinghotel apartment. held my breath, fearing that they would dom is no stronger than its priesthood Some day President McKay may let trample him before they could check officers. No officer—"No man taketh

me walk with him to his apartment. their speed. Doesn't he realize the this honour unto himself, but he that

Then, with our arms locked tightly todanger? He did; he knew exactly what is called of God, as was Aaron."(Heb.

gether, he could lean on me physically, the horses would do; he didn't even 5:4.) No man taketh any office in the

and thus in very small measure I could budge; the experience was not new to kingdom until he is called. Since priestcompensate him for the many times I him or to the horses. hood is authority to act—even to call

have leaned on him spiritually. Now picture this in your minds: for God, every call by those in authority

Few people will ever have the privilege President McKay with his arm over to call is tantamount to a call from him of locking arms and striding with a Sonny Boy's neck, both horses nuzzling who said, "Come, follow me.""By me

prophet, but everyone may have the him searchingly—horse kisses they may or by my word... through him whom

privilege of following him. have been; I wouldn't know—but this I have anointed and appointed to this

Once President McKay said to me and I do know: rubbing noses is an accepted power"it is the same. "Mine house is

a few others: "Come—follow me."That mode of greeting down New Zealand a house of order, saith the Lord God."

invitation came one summer evening way among the Maoris, as President (See D&C 132:7-8.)

several weeks after a thief or thieves McKay well knows. Anyway, this Once I sat at a banquet among men

had broken into his stable and stolen greeting of man and horse portrayed businessmen, industry men, professional his saddles. Stake presidents in the affection. I cannot deny it—I beheld it. men, and others—462 of them—MorOgden [Utah] area, aware of his loss, I also beheld the President sweeten the mons, Jews, and gentiles. The occasion

purchased a fine saddle, and we had just greeting with sugar lumps from his was a testimonial to President McKay.

presented it to him that lovely evening pocket. The horses liked the sugar. I These men were there expressly to honor

at his Huntsville home. think they liked the President. I am him. One of them, not of our faith,

"Put it in the trunk of my car,"he very sure the President loved his horses. speaking for the group, said in part

said, and motioning with his hand he His arm around the neck of Sonny Boy about President McKay:

bade us, "Come—follow me."was not intended as a show of affection; "We see every day his talent for

In our several cars we followed his it half concealed a rope which he deftly harmonizing diversities and the inspired car across town and beyond to a pascircled around the neck to make the leadership which brings and secures enture gate. On the way and all the way horse captive. Sonny Boy did not seem richment from varied cultural sources

his words, "Come—follow me,"rode to mind—not much. He took the bit, as he has brought them together

with me in my mind, exciting me, chalgently, and made no fuss about the from every people, every land, every lenging me, finally provoking me to saddle. The President tightened the generation....

make a resolution which I sincerely new cinches, lengthened the stirrups; "We have gathered that we might

pray I may have the courage to keep. I then mounting without assistance, he have opportunity to give full expression

give it to you in earnest, simple rhyme, prodded the horse into a trot which to the respect, to the affection, to indeed and challenge you to follow suit: broke into a gallop as they disappeared, the love and gratitude that we have for

about as the horses came, around thp him....

Follow him I will, brush and out of sight. "Our gift to President McKay is an

All the way; Two thousand years ago, one greater organ to be installed in a chapel which

And to wearied souls, than a prophet said: "Come, follow me."has been built in Wales to honor his

Along my way, (See Matt. 4:19.) And men left their mother, Jeanette Evans McKay."(Joseph

Take opportunity each nets; some left their ships; and some Rosenblatt, The Improvement Era, 66

Day to say: their work to follow him. Two had [Feb. 1963] 111.)

He is God's prophet other things to do; one had a father In accepting the gift, President McKay

David O. McKay. to bury, the other had to bid his housesaid:

hold farewell. To the latter, the Master "I sincerely wish I were more worthy

President McKay opened the pasture said: "No man, having put his hand of the honor you have bestowed upon

gate, entered alone, and closed the gate. to the plough, and looking back, is fit me; and in wishing to be worthy of your

He asked us to stand quietly back a for the kingdom of God."(Luke esteem, I find myself in accord with

few paces. There was neither sight nor 9:6162.) Portia's feelings... as she said:

sound of pastured animals—brush obMen of the priesthood have set their

scured our view. Advancing a few hands to the plough. Many, however, 'You see me, Lord Bassonio, where I

paces, he raised his voice and called: have looked back; they had other things stand,

"Sonny Boy, Sonny Boy."For moments to do—habits, perhaps, to bury; appeSuch as I am; though for myself alone,

there was silence, and in that silence tites, maybe, to say farewell to. There- I would not be ambitious in my wish,

Ianimal—therecalled thatmenSonnywhoBoyshodwas ahimspiritedhad called,fore it butwas written:few are ".chosen.".. many(D&Care Toyou,wish myself much better; yet for

warned that, he could give anyone a 21:40.) I would be trebled twenty times myself;

480 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

A thousand times more fair, ten thouferred."(D&C 132:7.) President David No person can escape that radiation. To

sand times O. McKay is that man. live is to radiate; to live is to be the

More rich; President McKay likes a spirited recipient of radiation."

That only to stand high in your account, horse. He also likes a spirited man—"Lay the foundation of a happy home

I might in virtues, beauties, livings, man with spirit enough to accept calls in your premarital life."

friends to duty—spirited enough to "learn his "The seeds of a happy married life

Exceed account.'duty, and to act in the office in which are sown in youth. Happiness does not

(Merchant of Venice, Act III, Scene 1.) he is appointed, in all diligence."begin at the altar; it begins during the

"... So as I receive this tribute from (Ibid., 107:99.) period of youth and courtship. Selfyou, my friends, I say with sincerity in President McKay loves youth. Here mastery during youth is first, the source

my heart: For you I would be 'trebled is the evidence. Listen, he speaks to of virile manhood; second, the crown of

twenty times myself,'would be many youth: beautiful womanhood; third, the fountimes more capable to serve you.""I wish I could say to every young dation of a happy home; and fourth,

(Ibid., 66 [Feb. 1963] 112.) man in the Church, that if you would the contributing factor to the strength

you—andAnd by thatall of"you,"you heoutmeantthereyoulistenand yoube successful,would conserveif you yourwouldstrength,be happy,intelif aandHappyperpetuityLife.) of the race."(Secrets of

ing in. lectual, physical, and spiritual, you will "Choose your mate by judgment and

As he stood there, pouring out his resist temptation to indulge your appeinspiration as well as by emotions."

heart, the challenging words of the tites and your passions."(Gospel Ideals.) "The highest ideal for our young girls

poet, Josiah G. Holland, poured into "Each of us is the architect of his today, as for our mothers who crossed

my mind: own fate, and he is unfortunate indeed the plains, is love as it may be expressed

who will try to build himself without in marriage and home building, and this "God give us menl A time like this realizing that he grows from within, virtue in which love finds true expresdemands not without."sion is based upon the spiritual and not

hearts, great minds,Strong true faith "Thoughts us what As the physical side of our being."(Gospel make we are.

... hands; and ready definitely Ideals.) surely as the and weaver

shapes his flowers and figures out of "Too many couples come to the

Tall suncrowned, men, who live above his altar every marriage cereloom, so and looking the warp woof of upon the..."fog. the shuttle of the thought of courtship. moves the end moment They mony as

—"God Give Us Men"back and forth forming character and should not forget that under the burdens

Employing some of the poets own even shaping the lineaments of our feaof home life, tender words of appreciawords, without giving them breath or tures. Thoughts lift your soul heavention and courteous acts are even more

tongue, I accept his challenge. That ward, or drag you toward hell."appreciated than during the courtship.

night my acceptance poured silently (Secrets of a Happy Life.) It is after the ceremony, and during the

from my heart. Right now, I give it "What you think about when you do trials that daily arise in the home, that

vocal status: not have to think shows what you a word of 'thank you,''pardon me,''if

really are."you please,'contributes to the perpetuaThere is your man. A time like this "Clean and wholesome bodies bring tion of that love which brought them to

demands joy; debauch them, and we lose hapthe altar."(Secrets of a Happy Life.)

His strong mind, his great heart, his piness."The speaking time allotted me is

true faith and his ready hand. "Be true to those who trust you."pressuring me to stop talking. Too

"Do your best this hour, and you will briefly has it offered me the privilege

A tall man, suncrowned, he lives above do better the next."of sampling our President's love and

the fog. "True friends enrich life. If you would interest in youth. Let me conclude with

Cultured, learned, august, affable, and have friends, be one."a sample of my own love and esteem

kind, "He is a slave who will be led by for this great man:

his appetites."blessed aHandsome, him with too; God said that I've and effort read—he is, and forth to All should every put "We brilliant mind; more, of the aristocracy supplant with wealth brightly of divinity in his spark glowsA guided man.—A of aristocracy the to character and soul; regal

Help me, dear Lord, to follow him to his awaken in the minds of the youth a Much more than guided missiles, the celestial goal. realization that to be honest, to be deworld needs

—A guided man.And to people—all along the way, country,pendable,totobebetruea loyalto thecitizenstandardsof theof

Grant me opportunity—each day to say: the gospel are the noblest ideals of That he is—call him then for what he is,He is God's prophet—David O. McKay. life."(Gospel Ideals.)—A prophet—God's prophet.

"I am not one of those who believe

Only one mortal man at a time is that you have to be longfaced and I love him, and I believe—I know

privileged to hold all of the priesthood pious in order to worship. Happiness that he is a prophet of God; that he

keys pertaining to the kingdom of God. should come to us if there is joy in our holds all the priesthood keys, rights,

The President of The Church of Jesus souls, for that is the source of happiness. powers, and authority which were conChrist of Latterday Saints is that man. This joy of living is radiated to others. ferred upon the Prophet Joseph Smith

"... and there is never but one on Every person radiates what he is. That and upon his successors right down to

the earth at a time on whom this power radiation comes from what he really is, and including President McKay.

and the keys of this priesthood are connot from what he may pretend to be. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1963 481 THE CONSEQUENCES OF SIN Delbert L. Stapley

of the Council of the Twelve My brothers and sisters, in all humility gressor, he is left to himself to grope (Ex. 20:15, 17, 14.)

I would like to say amen to the very through the darkness of temptation and Even the simple can understand these wonderful tribute paid to our beloved evil. Therefore, he does not reason plainly stated laws, and in the light of

President, David O. McKay, by Elder righteously nor act according to this knowledge, those who know and

Critchlow. principles of honesty, truthfulness, or transgress the law, stand condemned be-

I would be most ungrateful if I morality. fore the Lord.

failed to take just a moment to express Solomon expressed these two sigIn this last dispensation the Lord is my sincere thanks and gratitude for nificant proverbs: "As righteousness just as emphatic, warning the Saints

your prayers in my behalf during my tendeth to life: so he that pursueth against such sins. He commanded:

illness and convalescence. I know your evil pursueth it to his own death.""Thou shalt not steal;...

prayers have been heard because I (Prov. 11:19.) "Thou shalt love thy wife with all thy

am with you today. The Lord has "Every way of a man is right in his heart, and shalt cleave unto her and

blessed me. My strength and health own eyes": (Ibid., 21:2.) none else.

are returning. The sinner is prone to rationalize and "Thou shall not commit adultery; and

As an introduction to my talk, I feel to justify his acts of transgression. He he that committeth adultery, and reto quote from the teachings of Jacob, frequently stands upon what he loosely penteth not, shall be cast out."

the brother of Nephi, to the Nephites calls "extenuating circumstances"which (D&C 42:20, 22, 24.)

concerning their sins and transgression are but weak excusersTor his sinful acts. These commandments also are very

of God's commandments. This man of Again this wise man said: "When clear, forthright, and understandable.

God stated his responsibility to them thou vowest a vow unto God, defer not What applies to the man cleaving unto as a teacher and expressed the anxiety to pay it; for he hath no pleasure in his wife and none else applies with

he had for the welfare of their souls. fools:..."(Eccl. 5:4.) equal force also to the wife for her

He appealed to them thus: husband. There is no double standard

"But behold, my brethren, is it exSEGO LILY in the Church. Both man and woman

pedient that I should awake you to an BY GLADYS HESSER BURNHAM are responsible for their personal acts.

reality things? of theseawful

"... ye iook upon me as a teacher, Blushwarm your creamy petals womanI oftenwillwondergive upwhywifea ormanhusbandor a

it must needs be expedient that I teach glow, and children for an adulterous relationyou the consequences of sin. Crimson heart open for all to see, ship. When sin is the foundation of

"And also it grieveth me that I must Three petaled beauty cupped dainthe marriage relationship, the chance of use so much boldness of speech contily, a secure and happy companionship is cerning you, before your wives and your Nodding on hillside as zephyrs blow. very remote. Surely the Spirit of the

children, many of whose feelings are Growing in sand and dry, hot place Lord, neither God's laws to man, sancexceedingly tender and chaste and Your ancestors sustained the piotion such behavior, nor can the blessdelicate before God, which thing is neers, ings of the Lord be expected upon such pleasing a union. unto God; a diet through those first Augmenting ". It is difficult to that the words of truth know understand how years.

all uncleanness; againstare but hard.. I church members who know these comthe righteous fear them not, for they Beauty shines in your waxen face. mandments can cast aside such knowllove the truth and are not shaken."edge and yield to the lusts of the flesh.

(2 Nephi 9:4748; Jacob 2:7; 2 Nephi Every member of this Church is duty Small violations lead to more serious

9:40.) bound to keep sacred and honorably and devastating sins. Those who play

The serious, distressing problems alfulfil every requirement and condition with fire, ultimately, if they persist, will ways difficult for brethren in presiding of his vows to his God; otherwise, the be burned.

positions to deal with are the immorLord will not have pleasure in him nor Solomon wisely taught this truth:

ality cases which involve youth; the will his mercies be extended upon him. "Can a man take fire in his bosom,

older unmarried and the married; the It isn't too difficult for a sinful man and his clothes not be burned?...

broken homes; the dissolution of family and woman to seek forgiveness after they "So he that goeth into his neighties which separate parents and chiltake what he and she want—even bour's wife; whosoever toucheth her

dren. The sorrow, frustration, and unthough they may be guilty of breaking shall not be innocent....

happiness of such tragic mistakes serves up two homes by their transgressions, "But whoso committeth adultery with to upset the lives, both psychologically causing separation of families, forsaking a woman lacketh understanding: he that

and spiritually, of the innocent victims children and leaving them destitute of doeth it destroyeth his own soul."

of such unfortunate violation of love and care, also shirking their per- (Prov. 6:27, 29, 32.)

God's laws. sonal responsibilities to loved ones for Yielding to the illicit enticements of

Far too many broken homes result others to fulfil. the flesh is the basest of human infrom early forced marriages, unfaithfulTo take another man's wife or anstincts, also the cause of much sorrow,

ness, and incompatibility, the failure of other woman's husband is stealing in its unhappiness, and the loss of the clean men and women to abide by the vows most ignoble form. inward feeling of peace men should

of the marriage covenant, yielding to The great lawgiver, Moses, on Mount strive to obtain. Those who sin deny

the weaknesses of the flesh, forsaking Sinai received these specific commandtheir God and accept Satan, the author the principles of righteousness, ignorments from the Lord concerning man's and the father of all sin.

ing family prayers, and the guiding obligation and regard for the welfare Abinadi, the Nephite prophet, cauinfluence of the Holy Ghost in and happiness of others: tioned: "But remember that he that

their lives. "Thou shalt not steal.... persists in his own carnal nature, and

When the light of the Spirit, because "... Thou shalt not covet thy neighgoes on in the ways of sin and rebellion

of transgression and hardness of heart, bour's wife,... against God, remaineth in his fallen

departs from the soul of the trans- "Thou shalt not commit adultery."state and the devil hath all power over

482 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA him "(Mosiah 16:5.) kingdom. go, and sin no more."(John 8:11.) The

Nephi reasoned: "And why should I We cannot afford, as children of God, Savior did not forgive neither did he

yield to sin, because of my flesh? Yea, in whose presence we someday hope to condemn her, but in admonishing her

why should I give way to temptations, be, to toss overboard the Godgiven to go and sin no more, he, in effect, that the evil one have place in my heart principles of morality and make our was asking her to show forth the fruits to destroy my peace and afflict my bodies instruments of unrighteousness of repentance which would lead to soul?..."(2 Nephi 4:27.) by yielding to the gratification of bodily forgiveness.

The Apostle Paul, writing to the desires. God will not hold guiltless The Lord has commanded in this

Roman Saints, counseled: "Let not sin those who succumb to such sins and latterday: "Thou shalt not commit

therefore reign in your mortal body, forsake his laws and also abdicate readultery; and he that committeth

that ye should obey it in the lusts sponsibility to loved ones. adultery, and repenteth not, shall be

thereof. "For of him,"said the Lord to the cast out.

"Neither yield ye your members as Prophet Joseph Smith, "unto whom "But he that has committed adultery instruments of unrighteousness unto much is given much is required; and he and repents with all his heart, and forsin: but yield yourselves unto God, as who sins against the greater light shall saketh it, and doeth it no more, thou

those that are alive from the dead, and receive the greater condemnation."shalt forgive;

your members as instruments of right- (D&C 82:3.) "But if he doeth it again, he shall not

eousness unto God. An individual who sins, and because be forgiven, but shall be cast out."

"Know ye not, that to whom ye yield of his transgression loses his church (D&C 42:2426.)

yourselves servants to obey, his servants membership, has sacrificed privileges This revelation does not allow repetiye are to whom ye obey; whether of sin and opportunities for blessings which tive sinning with the expectation of

unto death, or of obedience unto rightmay be difficult to regain. The excomforgiveness to the transgressor.

eousness?"(Rom. 6:1213, 16.) Again the Lord admonished and

go your ways to the Corinthians Writing that soul..unto he said: HOGAN warnedand sin theno Saints:more; but". that the unrighteous ye not"Know

shall not inherit the kingdom of God? BY JENE M. UEBERROTH who sinneth shall the former sins reneither fornicators, not deceived:Be nor Crude shelter from the desert sands turn,(Ibid., 82:7.)saith the Lord your God."idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate,

nor abusers of themselves with mankind, whose occupant is bronze, wind- "For I the Lord cannot look upon sin "... shall inherit the kingdom of leathered, with the least degree of allowance;

God.... with obsidian eyes and jaded silver "Nevertheless, he that repents and

"... Now the body is not for fornicaart does the commandments of the Lord

tion, but for the Lord; and the Lord which, proud, bespeaks an ancient shall be forgiven;

for the body.... heritage "And he that repents not, from him

"Know ye not that your bodies are long buried in the dust of trailing shall be taken even the light which he the members of Christ? shall I then sheep has received; for my Spirit shall not

strive saith with the Lord man, of Christ, thetake and make members and (Ibid., 1:3133.) the poverty of this squat round alwaysof Hosts."of an harlot? the members Godthem hut. for penalties violating... are the Thereforbid.

"Flee fornication. Every sin that a laws of God. The way of the transman doeth is without the body; but he municated members, nevertheless, look gressor was never easy. The wages of

that committeth fornication sinneth for and hopefully expect an early reinsin is death, taught the prophets. (See

against his own body."(1 Cor. 6:9-10, statement to church membership and a Rom. 6:23.) Mercy cannot rob justice.

13, 15, 18.) restoration of former blessings; but they (See Alma 42:25.) The Lord expects

While I am convinced conditions in fail to realize or understand that the his servants to mete out justice and these matters among us are much less road back into church fellowship with judgment according to the laws and than in the world, from what I have its privileges and opportunities for commandments given to the Church.

observed and know, they are not good blessings is long, lonely, and exacting. Adultery, fornication, unnatural and

enough. We are not free of these The question is often asked by those deviate practices are the most repulsive

despicable sins; and Satan, recognizing in transgression, whose sins are so and reprehensible of sins which exact

the weaknesses of the flesh, is vigorserious that it is almost impossible for the penalties imposed by a just God ously attacking the weakened armor them to make proper amends, if the upon the transgressor.

in our defenses and far too many are Church does not believe in forgiveness. The members of our body war against

yielding to his enticements to error The answer, of course, is: The Church each other, and if the spirit of man does

and sin. does believe in the principle of forgivenot control the physical urges and

The Apostle Paul understood this ness to those who repent of their sins, acquire selfrestraint and selfmastery, weakness of man and, writing to the confess, and forsake them; and who can one of the tragedies of indulgent pracEphesians Saints, he admonished: "Fialso make restitution to loved ones tices is the defilement and dishonor of

nally, my brethren, be strong in the whose lives have been upset and their the body which houses a spirit child

Lord, and in the power of his might. future livelihood and rightful opporof God. The body of flesh and bone

"Put on the whole armour of God, tunities jeopardized. is also the eternal tabernacle of the

that ye may be able to stand against They also refer to the woman taken spirit. Each of us must decide what

the wiles of the devil."(Eph. 6:1011.) in adultery and ask: "Did not Jesus kind of house we want to live in eterOur beloved President David O. forgive the woman brought to him acnally and then chart and abide the

McKay has always taught members of cused of adultery?"When the accusers course which will lead to it.

the Church to practise selfrestraint and challenged by the Christ departed withOne of the important elements of selfmastery, not permitting themselves out condemning her, Jesus said unto true repentance is to make restitution to to fall to the level of the animal her, "... Neither do I condemn thee: those who have been injured or hurt

JUNE 1963 483 by one's derelict actions. pie sense an apparent easing in mainpies; neither can filthiness or anything

It isn't always possible for the transtaining gospel standards; therefore, the which is unclean be received into the

gressor to make proper restitution to bars of morality may be lowered. For kingdom of God; therefore I say unto

those hurt or injured by his acts. One aberrant members of the Church to you the time shall come, yea, and it

cannot, for example, restore virtue lose its privileges and blessings may shall be at the last day, that he who is when it is lost. One cannot restore a cause them to appreciate more what filthy shall remain in his filthiness."

husband or a wife acquired by breaking they have lost. The feeling of alone- (Alma 7:21.)

up a home and give him or her back ness and of not belonging stirs them to As a servant of God concerned about to his or her former spouse. There are repentance and increased faithfulness. the welfare of souls, I have spoken to you

many other complicated conditions and Now, I have been speaking mostly about the consequences of sin. It is not

situations too numerous to spell out in concerning the tragedies and the unmy purpose to be negative and only dwell this brief talk which make restitution happiness of broken homes. I am not upon judgments and penalties, but rather

difficult to satisfy. unmindful of the serious follies of youth to admonish all people to be true to

There are cases where partial amends and the unmarried, but what I have gospel standards and ideals and to forsake can be made sufficiently to justify resaid- constitutes counsel and a warning sin and thus avoid its consequences.

baptism to the excommunicated, a to them also: counsel to live clean, I fully understand and am not unreturn to fellowship, and under certain treasure virtue, keep the standards of mindful of scriptural teachings conconditions restoration of former blessthe gospel, love the Lord and keep his cerning repentance and forgiveness.

ings lost. All, however, depends upon commandments; also to pray earnestly Forgiveness here in mortality, as far

complete repentance, proper restitution, for strength to resist all evil and through as it is within the power of men to forand manifesting faithfulness through humility seek the companionship of the give, may not fully satisfy the law of living the truths, principles, and standHoly Ghost as a guide in the ways of justice required by the heavenly judges ards of the gospel. righteousness. A warning to avoid above. It does place the repentant

A light tap on the wrist to those compromising ideals and standards, not sinner, however, in the right way; and

guilty of serious sins does not satisfy to permit the body to be used as an when the penalty for the broken law is justice nor does it serve as a brake or a instrument of sin, but as an instrument paid, he will receive forgiveness and deterrent to others who may be tempted of righteousness unto God. obtain pardon from the Righteous Judge

to violate the moral law. When transAlma, the Nephite prophet, taught: of all. This principle is taught by the

gressors are dealt with too gently, peo- 'And he doth not dwell in unholy temSavior in his Sermon on the Mount.

Saturday Morning Session, April 6, 1963 THIS SAME JESUS Sterling W. Sill

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

Many years ago someone published a and in all Judea, and in Samaria, and to set them free and punish their oppicture Bible in which it was attempted unto the uttermost part of the earth."pressors. His promise may have had

to make the great scriptural messages (Acts 1:8.) more than ordinary significance to me,

more memorable, by presenting them in The ascension picture is completed by inasmuch as some of the members of my visual form. Our natural tendency is to the interesting scriptural statement own family were among those awaiting

see things more clearly when they are which said, "And when he had spoken MacArthur's return. They hid in the

presented in pictures. Mere ideas are these things, while they beheld, he was hills until they were captured and sent

often too abstract for the mind to deal taken up; and a cloud received him to a Japanese concentration camp in

with effectively. out of their sight. Manila.

One of the visual portrayals in this "And while they looked stedfastly toThe general's promise to return must interesting Bible was a colored picture ward heaven as he went up, behold, two have had a disturbing significance for of the ascension. It showed the Resurmen stood by them in white apparel; the invaders themselves, for they must

rected Jesus standing in the air above "Which also said, Ye men of Galilee, have known that MacArthur would the Mount of Olives as he was ascendwhy stand ye gazing up into heaven? never rest until they had been driven

ing to his Father. And standing slightly this same Jesus, which is taken up from from the islands or annihilated during

below the master were two angels you into heaven, shall so come in like their resistance. This "I shall return"

dressed in white clothing. Over the manner as ye have seen him go into picture was given its happy ending some

years I have drawn great strength from heaven."(Ibid., 1:9-11.) two years later when the general's

the thrilling ideas represented by this During World War II, I added anpromise was finally and fully kept.

picture. Christ's ascension to heaven other impressive mental picture to my However, the world still awaits this

marked the end of an important period. collection. This one shows General more significant "I shall return"promHe had finished one part of the work Douglas MacArthur about to take flight ise that had been made some nineteen

assigned to him in the grand council of from Corregidor under the military hundred years earlier from above the heaven. He had organized the Church pressure of Japanese conquest. To thore Mount of Olives. It is very important

and had left ordained apostles to carry who were forced to remain behind, Gento remember that the Savior of the on its work. He had taught them the eral MacArthur said, "I shall return."world was only bidding the earth and

doctrines of salvation and had given I like to imagine the hope that this its people a temporary farewell. Many

them the priesthood, with the power to promise must have brought to the peotimes before his death, he himself had bind in heaven what they did on earth. ple of the Philippines during those long foretold his own glorious second coming

He had shed his own blood to pay the months in which they awaited their to judge the world.

penalty of our sins. Then in the last liberation from the bondage of the On that last Tuesday before his death

words spoken just before his ascension, Japanese. They knew that MacArthur on Friday, Jesus had been teaching

Jesus said to the Twelve "... ye shall be would not forget. They knew that just his followers about his second coming.

witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, as soon as possible he would come back Near the end of the day he left the

484 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Referring to those who are cast into youth until life's course here on earth forthrightly to their understanding the prison he declared: "... Thou shalt by is finished. great moral concepts of the gospel and

no means come out thence, till thou We need more emphasis in the create within them the desires to put hast paid the uttermost farthing."Church upon ideal Latterday Saint on the whole protective armor of right-

(Matt. 5:26.) home life where love, compatibility, eousness that they may avoid serious

This statement of our Lord, which is harmony, and the sweet spirit of the mistakes and the consequences of sin.

associated with his teachings on moral gospel abide to attract and. hold youth I shall close with a choice quotation

and behavior patterns, affirms that those close to parents in the home. The from the teachings of the Nephite

who are guilty of serious sins after proper teaching of children should have prophet, Mormon: "For behold, my

receiving a knowledge of God's commore emphasis so they will acquire early brethren, it is given unto you to judge, mandments shall be cast into prison in life a love for God and develop that ye may know good from evil; and

until they pay the uttermost farthing respect for his laws and thus cherish the way to judge is as plain, that ye may for their sins. virtue, uprightness, and honesty of purknow with a perfect knowledge, as the

The Savior revealed unto the Prophet pose in their personal lives. The childaylight is from the dark night.

Joseph Smith that those who enter into dren are the church teachers and its "For behold, the Spirit of Christ is the new and everlasting covenant of leaders of tomorrow. given to every man, that he may know

marriage and then transgress that I sincerely hope that we who are good from evil; wherefore, I show unto

covenant, "... shall be delivered unto leaders will understand that the responyou the way to judge; for every thing

the buffetings of Satan unto the day of sibility of the Church and its leadership which inviteth to do good, and to perredemption,..."(D&C 132:26.) is to save and bless people. Surely we suade to believe in Christ, is sent forth

To be turned over to the buffetings must extend to the wayward the hand by the power and gift of Christ; whereof Satan unto the day of one's redempof friendship, exhibit love, manifest infore ye may know with a perfect knowltion is an awful condition to contemterest, and do all within our power to edge it is of God."(Moroni 7:1516.)

plate. Such confinement, to satisfy the persuade those who have departed the I earnestly pray, my brothers and

demands of justice, could extend over a right way to come back into that sisters, that God will give us the long period of time. The only way to straight and narrow path which leads strength to faithfully live up to the

escape such a penalty with its torments to life eternal. ideals, standards, and covenants of

and sorrows is to serve the Lord faithIt is equally important for church the gospel of Christ always, in the name fully and keep his commandments from leaders to teach youth and all others of Jesus Christ. Amen.

temple and led the Twelve across the "And if I go and prepare a place for John, the sole survivor, was banished to

Mount of Olives. As he sat down to rest you, / will come again, and receive you the lonely isle of Patmos in the Aegean

near the summit, his disciples said to unto myself; that where I am, there ye Sea. Jesus had built his Church upon

him, "... Tell us, when shall these may be also."(John 14:1-3. Italics the foundation of apostles and prophets.

things be, and what shall be the sign of added.) What a thrilling, frightening When the foundation was destroyed, the

thy coming, and the end of the world?"thought when we understand the condibuilding crumbled. In time what had

(Matt. 24:3.) Then Jesus told them of tions under which he will come again. once been a divine organization became

the wars and contentions that should And what tremendous consequences are merely a human institution. Many of

characterize the last days, and as one of involved in the message of ascension the Christian doctrines were misinterthe important signs that should precede day. As the Resurrected Son of God preted; the ordinances were changed; the

his second coming, he said, "And this stood there between the heavens and authority was lost; the apostasy grew;

gospel of the kingdom shall be preached the earth, holy angels from God's presand the world slipped gradually into the in all the world for a witness unto all ence made a firm promise, that he would long black night of the Dark Ages.

nations; and then shall the end come."personally return. The angels said, Then some said that the heavens were

(Ibid., 24:14.) "... this same Jesus,... shall so come forever sealed, that the canon of scripAs the people of the Philippines in like manner as ye have seen him ture was full, and that no voice from

awaited their liberation, they probably go...."(Acts 1:11.) God would ever again be heard upon

wondered whether or not General MacSince ascension day, some nineteen the earth. The spirit of those who

Arthur had the ability to fulfil the wide centuries have come and gone, crucified Christ, destroyed his organizaconditions involved in his promise to and many important events have taken tion, and disbelieved his doctrines, still return. There are also a great many in place. According to tradition with one have a numerous following among us.

our world who discount both the possiexception, the apostles that Jesus apOne of the most serious problems of bility and the probability of the second pointed to carry on his work, were all our present world is that there are so coming of Christ. Yet we may be cersubiected to violent deaths. Peter, many people who disbelieve in a Sutain that God's program has never been Philip, Simon, and Andrew were crucipreme Being. To some, man is the

abandoned and will not be forgotten. fied; James and Paul were beheaded; highest authority and the greatest

In those last sad hours just prior to Bartholomew was flayed alive; Thomas intelligence in the universe. Others behis death, Jesus said to his disciples, was run through with a lance; James, lieve that God has gone out of business

"Let not your heart be troubled: ye the son of Alphaeus, was beaten to and that the last words that we will

believe in God, believe also in me. death; Thaddaeus was shot through ever hear from the Savior of the world

"In my Father's house are many manwith arrows; Barnabas was stoned; were spoken at the ninth hour of that

sions: if it were not so, I would have Matthew was slain with a battle axe awful Friday afternoon, when from

told you. I go to prepare a place for in Ethiopia; and Mark was dragged to Calvary's cross the dying Christ said,

you. death in the streets of Alexandria. Then "It is finished."The last memory that

JUNE 1963 485 some have of their Redeemer pictures that the Son also took part in the creacerned. There are those who in their

him hanging upon the cross. Recently tion. But even then he was no novice teachings seek to deprive God of his

the world has been flooded with the as a Creator. In one of the great revelabody. Many do not believe in their

crucifix, but Jesus did not remain upon tions given to Moses and revealed anew own resurrection. But next to the human

the cross. Some remember him lying in in the latter days, God said, "And worlds spirit the human body is the most marthe garden tomb of Joseph of Arimawithout number have I created;... and velous of God's creations. If the body

thaea, but Jesus did not remain in the by the Son I created them, which is was not necessary, God would never tomb. Nothing in the scriptures could mine Only Begotten."(Moses 2:33.) have created it in the first place. If it

be plainer than the fact that the life We think of greatness partly in terms was not necessary for eternity, God would of Christ did not begin in Bethlehem, of what it has already accomplished never have instituted the resurrection.

neither did it end on Calvary. He said, and partly in terms of what it promises If a body was not necessary for God the

"I came forth from the Father, and am for the future. As I rerun my mental Father, certainly there would have been

come into the world: again, I leave the picture of ascension"day, I like to think no reason why God the Son should have

world, and go to the Father."(John of the Redeemer in terms of his trebeen resurrected. The spirit and the

16:28.) In his prayer in Gethsemane mendous background. Not only had body inseparably connected constitutes

while contemplating his own death, he he created worlds without number, but the soul. The spirit can never be perfect

said, "And now, O Father, glorify thou in his premortal existence he was that without the body. There can never be a

me with thine own self with the glory magnificent personage of great authority fulness of joy until the spirit and the which I had with thee before the world and power known in the scriptures as body are inseparably joined together.

was."(Ibid., 17:5.) Jehovah, the God of Abraham, Isaac, The Resurrected, Glorified Jesus, like

Long before -our earth was created, and Jacob. He was the first Begotten Eiohim, his Eternal Father, has a body

Jesus lived and ruled with his Father Son of God in the spirit and was chosen of flesh and bones as tangible as man's.

as a part of the presidency of the unito be the Savior of the world because (See D&C 130:22.) When Jesus apverse. Under the direction of the he was the best qualified for that impeared to the eleven after his resurrecFather, he was the Creator of the earth. portant calling. Then as a part of his tion* they were frightened and supposed

In the first chapter of Genesis, God is own progression, he took upon himself that they had seen a spirit. Jesus

recorded as saying, "... Let us make a body of flesh and bones, and became corrected them by saying, "Behold my

man in our image, after our likeness: the Only Begotten Son of God in the hands and my feet, that it is I myself:

..."(Gen. 1:26. Italics added.) The flesh. There are some who discount the handle me, and see; for a spirit hath not

use of these plural pronouns indicates value of a body so far as eternity Is conflesh and bones, as ye see me have."

A NEW DISPENSATION

Alvin R. Dyer

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

It is difficult to imagine how one could ing to the Jews concerning this latter the kingdom of God which the Lord attend this conference of The Church kingdom to be established as a sign of established upon the earth would not of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints his coming refers to the words of the continue at that time, and they themwithout feeling the surge of inspiration Prophet Daniel who describes the kingselves looked forward to the future time and the gravity of its importance in dom to be established which would of restitution or restoration. The Apospointing the way to all mankind who never be given to another people. "And tle Peter on the day of Pentecost

at this very hour are troubled and conin the days of these kings,"who were declared:

fused and in need of divine direction. described as being in the latter days, "... the times of refreshing shall

The message of the restoration of the "... shall the God of heaven set up a come from the presence of the Lord;

gospel of Jesus Christ, which has relentkingdom, which shall never be de- "And he shall send Jesus Christ, lessly been declared unto the world since stroyed: and the kingdom shall not be which before was preached unto you:

its organization, means that the kingleft to other people,..."(Dan. 2:44.) "Whom the heaven must receive undom of God or Christ's Church has been Finally, as Jesus instructed his til the times of restitution (or restoraset up as a result of the restoration of disciples as he sat upon the Mount of tion) of all things,... (concerning)

truth unto the Prophet Joseph Smith, Olives, they seemed to accept the finalwhich God hath spoken by the mouth wherein divine messengers have been ity of this, and with that understanding of all his holy prophets since the world sent from the presence of God to conasked of him this question: "... Tell began."(Acts 3:1921.)

vey the truths of the gospel of Jesus us, (then) when shall these things be? The Apostle Paul to the Saints at

Christ and to confer all needed keys of and what shall be the sign of thy comThessalonica and also at Ephesus said authority to establish a dispensation of ing,...?"(Matt. 24:3.) In the answer this concerning this future day:

the gospel. which Jesus gave to this question he "... be not soon shaken in mind,

The disciples of Jesus who were with said, "When ye therefore shall see the or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor by him upon the earth found it difficult abomination of desolation, spoken of word, nor by letter as from us, as that to accept that which he had declared by Daniel the prophet, stand in the the day of Christ is at hand.

unto the chief priests and the scribes holy place,...""... for that day shall not come, exconcerning the kingdom to be given at "And this gospel of the kingdom shall cept there come a falling away first,..."

a later time to another people, for he preached in all the world for a wit- (2 Thess. 2:2-3.)

said he, "Therefore say I unto you, The ness unto all nations;..."(Matt. "That in the dispensation of the fulkingdom of God shall be taken from 24:15, 14.) ness of times he might gather together

you, and given to a nation bringing The meridian apostles who were in one all things in Christ, both which forth the fruits thereof."(Matt. 21:43.) closest to him understood clearly, as are in heaven, and which are on

But this same Jesus when later speakjudged from their own declarations, that earth;..."(Eph. 1:10.)

486 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (Luke 24:39.) Jesus did not lose his 2:17.) Then there followed the great the day foretold by Malachi who said,

body after his resurrection. In some message of the restoration. "For behold, the day cometh that shall

mysterious way it did not evaporate, The same Jesus who healed the sick burn as an oven, and all the proud, yea, neither did it expand to fill the imand walked upon the waves has spoken and all that do wickedly shall burn as mensity of space. Jesus had his body as again in our day and has reaffirmed the stubble; for they that come shall burn

he ascended to his Father from the fact that he is still interested in our them, saith the Lord of Hosts, that it

Mount of Olives, and the record is success. The same Jesus said to his shall leave them neither root nor

perfectly clear that he will still have disciples, "... Go ye into all the world, branch."(Joseph Smith 2:37.) That

that same body when he comes in glory and preach the gospel to every creature. tremendous event is fast approaching,

to judge the world. "He that believeth and is baptized and we must work while it is called

In addition to the information given shall be saved; but he that believeth today, for the night cometh, wherein

in the Bible, we now have some new not shall be damned."(Mark 16:1516.) no man can work.

evidence of universal importance which This same Jesus has informed us anew I would like to bear to you my perhas been given to the world on this that he has not changed his mind about sonal witness that God has not gone subject in our own day. In the early the importance of this and the other out of business, that the heavens are

spring of 1820, in upper New York great Christian doctrines. not sealed, that the Redeemer of man

state, God the Father and his Son The same Jesus who upon the Mount has not forgotten his promises, nor is

Jesus Christ reappeared upon the earth of Olives s,aid, "And this gospel of the he any less interested in our welfare to reestablish among men a belief in kingdom shall be preached in all the now than when in Gethsemane and the God of Genesis, a belief in the God world for a witness unto all nations; upon Mount Calvary he suffered for

of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and a and then shall the end come,"has, our sins. And to close, I would again

belief in the God of Mount Olivet. under the direction of his Father, relike to take you out to the sacred top of

The Prophet Joseph Smith describes his stored that gospel, in preparation for the Mount of Olives, and again hear the part of this experience by saying, "... I that day. He himself looked forward angels say, "... this same Jesus, which

saw two personages whose brightness to that day saying, "For the Son of man is taken up from you into heaven, shall and glory defy all description, standing shall come in the glory of his Father so come in like manner as ye have seen above me in the air. One of them spake with his angels; and then he shall him go into heaven."(Acts 1:11.) May

unto me, calling me by name and said, reward every man according to his God help us to be ready for that impointing to the other—This is My Beworks."(Matt. 16:27.) What a treportant event I pray in the name of

loved Son. Hear Him!"(Joseph Smith mendous day that will be. That is also Jesus Christ. Amen.

The Apostle John on the Isle of Patbefore the Lord; of Abraham, Isaac, and his Beloved Son Jesus Christ appearing

mos, a prisoner, saw the coming of the Jacob; of Joseph, the beloved of his as glorified Resurrected Beings unto a

gospel in the latter days: "And I saw father and the Lord; of Moses, the lawchosen servant of God, made known

another angel fly in the midst of giver, the Godly appointed leader of the once again the state of immortality heaven, having the everlasting gospel to exodus of the children of Israel from the which man will attain in preparation preach unto them that dwell on the bondage of Egypt; followed by the for the next estate of eternity; that also

earth, and to every nation, and kindred, other prophets in their own time acthe world once again could know the and tongue, and people,"(Rev. 14:6.) cording to the will of the Lord; and reality of the personal nature of God

When the Prophet Joseph Smith, as a then the surpassing earthlife ministry the Father and his Beloved Son. In

young man blessed with the gift of and atonement of Jesus Christ our this appearance of Holy Deity we see, faith and an inquiring heart to know Lord, the very Son of God the Father; as in times past, the need of God's

the will of God, went into a grove of so now, in this great modern event, in appearing unto man in mortality; man

trees near his home at Palmyra, New the sequence of its full importance, was who also, as in times past, had gone

York, in the spring of 1820 to inquire to unfold unto Joseph Smith the coming astray in his concept and understanding of the Lord what he should do about of a new dispensation of the gospel of the True and Living God; for man

his religious affiliation, he did not then attended as it was upon this occasion, as man, with all his wisdom, cannot know of the magnitude of that which and with subsequent happenings, with find out the truth about God. Such

was to transpire, as he came to know divine intercession through messengers must be revealed to him by divine aplater. Here was to occur one of the sent from the presence of God. pearance to a prophet of God, who then

great foreordained events of life desIn all of these events, ancient, becomes the witness unto others.

tined to be of vital importance to all meridian, and now in our own day and As this sacred interview proceeded, mankind. time, when the foreordained time in the glory of the last dispensation of

For, as in the placing of Adam and which they were to transpire arrived, mortal time was inaugurated. The

Eve, our first earthlife parents, in the they came about as simply and naturally truth about God and his Son Jesus

Garden of Eden; of the calling and work as the opening and closing of a door Christ and their glorious plan of reof the Utopian prophet Enoch; of the each in its own dispensation of time. demption was once again placed upon

mission and labors of the great prophet Thus, on this beautiful spring mornthe threshold of human understanding.

of human tragedy, Noah, who with his ing in the Sacred Grove, Joseph Smith This divine interview placed a great three sons and their families witnessed witnessed the renewal of God's dealing calling upon Joseph Smith, the chosen the complete destruction of mankind with his children in accordance with prophet of the latter days. In addition

which they only survived; of the coming the great gospel plan of redemption. to an incident of simple faith and

of Melchizedek, the great high priest, Upon this occasion God the Father and prayer, with an answer for him personJUNE 1963 487 ally, the time had come to usher in the loved Son. Hear Him! of salvation of which he is the author

final period of preparation in the cul- "My object in going to inquire of the so far as we are concerned.

mination of God's work for his children Lord was to know which of all the Truly among these very societies of here upon the earth. sects was right, that I might know which Christian believers then in the world

Joseph Smith was informed that he to join. No sooner, therefore, did I get were many noble spirits of the prehad been foreordained and consequently possession of myself, so as to be able to existence, who upon subsequently hearcalled to be the instrument through speak, than I asked the Personages who ing the truth as proclaimed by the

whom God would work to establish his stood above me in the light, which of all heralds of the restoration, would accept kingdom here upon the earth as it had the sects was right—and which I should it and abide its commandments and

been in former intermittent dispensajoin. teachings; many of whom would themtions. But this, the last of all dispen- "I was answered that I must join none selves become leaders and great chamsations, is to be characterized by even of them, for they were all wrong; and pions of the cause of the restored gospel

greater truth, a depository period when the Personage who addressed me said of Jesus Christ.

all truths, all laws, all covenants, all that all their creeds were an abominaThe Lord used no meaningless words promises planned by God our Heavenly tion in his sight; that those professors upon this momentous occasion. All

Father in the preexistence and revealed were all corrupt; that: 'they draw near to that was spoken reflects the deepest of

to man in part at various times in morme with their lips, but their hearts are meaning. President Joseph F. Smith,

tality for the redemption and exaltation far from me, they teach for doctrines the one of the prophets of this dispensation, of his spirit children, were now to be commandments of men, having a form has said this, "The Lord never did anyfully revealed and made available to of godliness, but they deny the power thing that wa not essentia! or that was

mankind. The Lord had thus spoken thereof.'"(Joseph Smith 2:1719.) superfluous."

unto the Prophet Joseph Smith. Each of the declarations which the It will be of interest to list the anThe instructions and answers which Lord made to Joseph Smith upon this swers which the Lord gave to Joseph

the Lord gave to the Prophet Joseph occasion is of the deepest import to this Smith's direct question as to which of

Smith during the interview in the final dispensation of the gospel and to the Christian churches he should join.

Sacred Grove announced many great the plan of life and salvation in general. These are as follows:

truths. I shall refer to only a part of His answers to the inquiry made by 1. That all their creeds were an

that interview as it was later testified Joseph Smith were not simply a disparabomination.

to by the Prophet Joseph Smith, but I agement to the existing Christian bodies 2. That their professors (or ministers)

encourage all everywhere to read the who had departed from the truth. were all corrupt.

complete testimony of the Prophet Though announced by the Lord that 3. That they draw near to the Lord

Joseph Smith. He said this in part: they were all in error in teachings and with their lips, but their hearts are far

"... When the light rested upon me false practices intended to redeem manfrom him.

I saw two Personages, whose brightness kind, there was no vindictive reprisal 4. They teach for doctrines the comand glory defy all description, standing against these Christian societies who mandments of men.

above me in the air. One of them spake were using his name, but who were fully 5. That they have a form of godliness,

unto me, calling me by name and said, unaware of the truth of his person and but they deny the power thereof.

pointing to the other This is My Bedivinity or of his mission or of the plan There can be no question as to the

GODS LAW OF HEALTH

Robert L. Simpson

of the Presiding Bishopric A great prophet who lived 2,500 years we are killed. If our car sweeps along bear record that this same Loving

ago stated that: "... men are, that they the highway uncontrolled, we crash, Father has not left us without specific

might have joy."(2 Nephi 2:25.) The and we must all agree that the human instruction concerning the care of our

Church of Jesus Christ in this day holds body in similar manner is subject to the physical bodies, for he created us, and he fast to this inspired scripture as an law and order of the universe, for it knows that true happiness and total eternal truth. is physical. growth, moral, spiritual, and intelThe quest for joy and happiness is Obedience to the law whether it be lectual, are largely dependent upon our

common to all regardless of race, color, physical, intellectual, or spiritual brings physical wellbeing.

or creed. While the objective is comharmony, peace, joy, and happiness. Through this same great latterday

mon, the understanding on how to This thinking was confirmed by the Prophet Joseph Smith the Lord has achieve it is often another story. Master who said through the Prophet revealed an entire volume of scripture

The existence of man in this mortal Joseph Smith: "There is a law, irrevknown as the Doctrine and Covenants.

sphere finds him involved in a grand ocably decreed in heaven before the In the 89th section of this inspired work, system of physical force and physical foundations of this world, upon which the Lord gives to all men who would law, all held together and seemingly all blessings are predicated listen what he calls "A Word of Wispre-set into a magnificent system of "And when we obtain any blessing dom."Let us read a part of this inspired

amazing order and synchronization. We from God, it is by obedience to that law revelation, starting with the fourth

marvel at the seasons, the celestial upon which it is predicated."(D&C verse, and then merely highlight the

bodies. All about us is evidence of 130:2021.) We are blessed by obedience following five verses in the interest of

natural law and an overwhelming sugto law. Transgression of the law always time:

gestion of divine assemblage. The laws brings unhappiness. Carried to the "Behold, verily, thus saith the Lord

of gravity, heat, and motion all follow extreme it could mean death. unto you: In consequence of evils and

precise patterns under given conditions. I believe with all my heart that designs which do and will exist in the

If we enter the fiery furnace, we die. natural law is the handiwork of a Lovhearts of conspiring men in the last

If we attempt to defy the laws of gravity, ing Father in heaven, and I further days, I have warned you, and forewarn

488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA direct and positive answers which the of both living and dead, one to another, formers as great as they were and as

Lord gave to the Prophet Joseph Smith, as with husband and wife, as with sincere as they were in protesting but perhaps a brief explanation of each father and mother to children; that famagainst that which they felt was false,

of these answers can be given to those ilies living upon the earth in this day there is no evidence in the founding of of the Christian churches of the world and age, connected with ancestors and these various sects that any form of who can then understand the true progenitors, may be bound one with divine intercession occurred wherein significance of the sacred interview another, thereby linking the past with holy messengers were sent from God, which God the Father and his Son the present and both the past and the giving instruction and direction in the

Jesus Christ had with the Prophet present with the future. Thus, the establishing of that particular church.

Joseph Smith. hearts of the fathers may be bound in What they did, therefore, was in acAs to the creeds being an abomination, holy sealing with their children and cordance with their best knowledge,

this simply means that the Christian children with the fathers in the patridevoid of any divine revelation. Thus

churches of the world were not followarchal order of family relationship in i the commandments which they taught ing the accepted pattern which he, the linked fashion as an endless chain with were of men and not of God. Though

Lord, had established in his Church, each link secure and interwoven. pthey simulate in form the Christian

and that they had strayed from the This is to prepare man for life in the (body, they nevertheless teach for comcustoms and the manner which he had celestial kingdom which will in due.fmandments the doctrines of men.

established, and the term abomination time follow earthlife existence. This is As to a form of Godliness but denying

fits that which is at variance only with the patriarchal form of government or the power thereof, this applies to the the established truth of God. government by and through the family need of the priesthood of God or divine

With regard to the fact that all minunits which are then to worship and to authority within the Church authoristers were corrupt—this could not be associate with the Lord. They not only ized to act for and in behalf of God.

the literal meaning, because the ancient worship through the utterances of their And that through the Holy Melchizedek meaning of the word corrupt meant any lips, but by their hearts also; this will Priesthood in the true Church of Christ

who did not teach doctrines which had mean complete sincerity of purpose and there is to be the functioning and use been established in accordance with the intent based upon truth. We will be of the keys of the kingdom that must

law. Surely they were not regarded as bound family to family; we will be be conferred by those who hold them.

corrupt because of morals or dishonesty linked one with another by the sealing In this manner the purity of important and not desirous of doing God's will as authority which the Prophet Elijah truths and ordinances of the gospel of they understood it, but only in the sense held, reaching to the very realms of the Jesus Christ can be preserved.

of failing to teach the gospel as Christ family of God and his Son Jesus Christ. Now I bear witness, my brothers and

had taught it. There all shall be bound forever by lips sisters, to the reality of the restoration

As to worshiping him with their lips or stated committed purpose; and bound of the gospel of Jesus Christ with all of

but their hearts being far from him, this by heart also, thus manifesting obediits powers and authority and knowledge

I believe involved the work made posence to God's will and purpose in and understanding to bring salvation sible by the "sealing power."glorious family relationship. and exaltation unto mankind. And I

This work embodies the sealing As to the teaching for doctrines the bear record of this in the name of Jesus through specific rights of the priesthood commandments of men, even the reChrist. Amen.

you, by giving unto you this word of fication. This reference includes all million alcoholics with nearly two and

wisdom by revelation forms of tobacco. The term hot drinks a quarter million well on the way. This

"That inasmuch as any man drinketh has reference to coffee and tea. is a national disgrace. Mental accuracy

wine or strong drink among you, beTo summarize quickly: Alcohol and is impaired by alcohol, and in chronic

hold it is not good, neither meet in the tobacco, tea and coffee are all contrary cases, the brain cells degenerate. Apsight of your Father,... to the Lord's law of health, and all who proximately 12,000 alcoholic patients

"... strong drinks are not for the violate the law for a borrowed moment are given psychiatric treatment in a

belly, hut for the washing of your of socalled pleasure must be prepared single New York hospital each year.

bodies. to sacrifice some real and lasting joy Gladstone has observed that "the

"And again, tobacco is not for the and happiness that should rightfully be ravages of drink are greater than those body, neither for the belly, and is not theirs. of pestilence and famine combined."

good for man, but is an herb for bruises Thomas A. Edison has said, "To put Now we must surely agree with this

and all sick cattle, to be used with alcohol in the human brain is like great man, as it has contributed to the judgment and skill."(Ibid., 89:4-5, 7-8.) putting sand in a machine."He further loss of more homes, led to more bankWe are further instructed that the commented: "I employ no one who ruptcies, more crime, more accidents,

"evil designs of conspiring men"has a smokes cigarets."more broken marriages, more cases of

reference to them who would ply us I wonder whether we are all aware blindness, more derelicts of society, more with a neverending tidal wave of propaof these scientifically proven facts about immorality, more suicides, than any ganda in an attempt to convince us that alcohol. other single influence known to man

it is not only popular but safe and smart Alcohol is not a stimulant but a detoday.

to violate this Godgiven law of health. pressant, a depressant of the brain and Yes, it is certain that out of compasNow to clarify a few terms. This also nervous system. It is a habitforming sion for his children a Loving Heavenly

by revelation. Strong drink signifies all drug and has poisonous effects on the Father has given a modernday revelaalcoholic beverages. body. It has no value as a food. In tion that strong drinks are not for

Tobacco is explicit and needs no clarithe United States there are nearly a our benefit.

JUNE 1963 489 A similar wake of destruction follows talk about what parents should be smoke cigarets and that you like them.

the careless rampage of tobacco among doing; and this is as it should be. Our I guess they help you. My mother says

men, women, and children. Would you children should be taught in the home. cigarets are bad and good players don't

believe that tobacco costs the American I would like to make an appeal to every use them. I want to be a good player.

people over 3 billion, 600 million dollars parent who loves his children; why not Can you tell me? Are they good for you?

a year? Do you know that the purchase start today and set the proper example Would you please tell me?"Signed,

of cigarets last year in the United States for those we love? "Hector. P. S. I am ten years old."

increased about four percent? This means Now, time will not permit us to go Well, the answer was slow in coming,

that the vast majority of smokers are iginto the cases of coffee and tea, but but after a few weeks:

noring the overwhelming evidence of suffice it to say that the Lord has recog- "Dear Hector: Yes, I was in a

competent medical authority now availnized these stimulants as habitforming cigaret advertisement on television. I

able concerning the lethal effect of and contrary to the freedom he wants so would not recommend for anyone to tobacco on the human anatomy. much for all of his children. ever start smoking. It does not help

The American Cancer Society reports Now, if you really knew that your one in athletics. I hope that you will

that lung cancer is ninetyfive percent child was in danger, if you were told take your parents'advice not to smoke."

fatal, and then the report goes on to that conspiring men were meeting your Now, as these young minds are being say that evidence proves that threechildren on their way home from school, conditioned by conspiring men, we see fourths of all lung cancer cases can be going all out to attract their attention history repeating itself. This is the

traced to the use of tobacco. and condition their minds toward the same technique that took eleven years

The American Public Health Assoacceptance of a bad habit, wouldn't you back in the late 20's and early 30's, some ciation, based on its findings, estimates feel compelled to do something about of you might remember, to make it that one million American children now it? Why, of course you would—you appear smart, modern, and acceptable

in school will die of lung cancer before would do something that very day. But for a woman to be seen in public with

they reach their Godgranted life exwhy let the conspiring men stand on a a cigaret. This all started back in 1927

pectancy. Now, in a sense, this is a cold corner? We are allowing them to when the first billboard ad appeared,

form of national suicide, and we do not accomplish the same evil practice in the showing a man and woman relaxing have the right to shorten human life; comfort and convenience of our homes on a beautiful hilltop. He was smoking,

and now this, perhaps the saddest of all every day. Now here's a challenge for us. and her comment was simply this:

commentary—a staff of experts studying Let's do something about it, parents. "Please blow some my way."Ratherthe tobacco problem have concluded Let me read a letter from a confused harmless—"Please blow some my way."

that the upward trend in the use of youngster. I think this has real merit. From this subtle beginning, the welltobacco among the children can be This young man was a typical TV fan. planned campaign took eleven years betraced directly to a more permissive He is writing to his favorite baseball fore the billboard dared to show a

attitude on the part of parents. Perhaps player: woman with a cigaret in her hand or

we shouldn't talk so much about what "You are my favorite baseball player. mouth. Had the latter billboard been

the schools aren't doing as we should I saw a TV ad where you say you shown at first, we would have been up

Saturday Afternoon Session, April 6, 1963 THE BOOK OF VITAL MESSAGES Spencer W. Kimball

of the Council of the Twelve My Brothers and Sisters, and especially manifestations, of prophecies and their story of total life, of opposing ideologies, my friends of the radio and television fulfilment. of monarchies and judgeships and

audience: I found in it life at its best and at mobocracies. Its scenes carry the

May I tell you of a great adventure? its worst, in everchanging patterns. I reader across oceans and continents. It

As I traveled to a weekend assignment, hardly recovered from one great crisis promises to tell of the "last days of

I took with me an unusual book which until another engulfed me. God,"but instead records the "last days

was my constant companion. I could Across the stage of this drama* of life of populous peoples"and the triumph

lay it down only to sleep, eat, and through the ages, marched actors in of God. Class distinction is there with

change trains. It fascinated me, captiexotic, colorful costumes from the its ugliness, race prejudice with its hatevated me, and held me spellbound with bloodpainted nudity of the warrior to fulness, multiplicity of creeds with their

its irresistible charm and engaging inthe lavish, ornamented pageantry of bitter conflicts.

terest. I have read it many times. royal courts—some actors loathsome and Since this book, a "best seller"left its

As I finished it, I closed the book and degraded, others so near perfection that first press, it is printed in more than sat back, absorbed as I relived its conthey conversed with angels and with two dozen languages, more than a half tents. Its pages held me, bound me, God. There are the sowers and reapers, million copies a year, and millions of

and my eyes were riveted to them. I the artisans, the engineers, the traders, copies are in libraries, public and priknew the book was factual, but as has and the toilers, the rake in his devate, and in numerous hotels and motels

been said, "Truth is stranger than bauchery, the alcoholic with his liquor, along with the Gideon Bible. Even the

fiction."the pervert rotting in his sex, the warblind may read it in three thick books

I am constrained to speak to you of it rior in his armor, the missionary on of Braille. Can anyone be considered

today. It is a story of courage, faith, his knees. to be wellread who has not perused

and fortitude, of perseverance, sacrifice, This dramatic story is one of the this pretentious volume which makes and superhuman accomplishments, of greatest ever played by man. The such bold claims?

intrigue, of revenge, of disaster, of war, noted tragedians fumble their lines. It Its story has a vital message to all

murder, and rapine, of idolatry, and of is played "on location"with no false people. The gentiles will find the hiscannibalism, of miracles, visions, and fronts for scenery. It is a fastmoving tory of their past and the potential of

490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in arms, and something would have make the maximum contribution and and Covenants, and here is the promise been done about it in a hurry. And fulfil his obligation to society as he the Lord concludes with, the most

now, unfortunately, in this campaign should. stimulating promise of all holy writ

for the approval of our children's minds, Now, much is being said about naconcerning the dayto-day welfare of there is hardly a TV commercial or a tional fitness in all countries. Let us his children.

tobacco billboard that does not include join with other clearthinking citizens "And all... who remember to keep

a child admiring a bribed athlete who who are not adverse to happiness and and do these sayings, walking in obediis making a statement that he probably joy. Let's prove that it's smart to do ence to the commandments, shall receive

doesn't believe in. Or perhaps we see what is right. There is no doubt at health in their navel and marrow to

a family situation, apparently a wholethis point what the instructions from their bones;

some family situation, Dad rollicking the Lord are. "And shall find wisdom and great

with the children but with a cigaret in Now, one country in a recent natreasures of knowledge, even hidden his hand. Yes! Trying to start the same tional survey found that nine percent treasures;

type of campaign all over again, this of its national income was being spent "And shall run and not be weary, and time aimed at children. for liquor and tobacco. Assuming that shall walk and not faint.

Now, all of this talk is not designed many of this nation were abstainers, "And I, the Lord, give unto them a to show how foolish we are. We're just certainly more than ten percent of the promise, that the destroying angel shall

being victimized. The Lord understood income of those indulging was being pass by them, as the children of Israel,

all of this well in advance, and he told spent to satisfy their poor habits. and not slay them.e5..."(D&C

us that the very elect would be deceived It is interesting to note that the Lord 89:1821.)

by the "evils and designs... of conhas promised to open the "windows of And so, when We obtain any blessing

spiring men."I am sure he had this in heaven"(Mai. 3:10) to those willing from God it is by obedience to that

mind. So we condemn no one at this to impart ten percent of their income to law upon which it is predicated. Let's

point, but, forewarned is forearmed. the upbuilding of his kingdom.,, This heed Elijah's challenge. "... How long

May we not stand idly by and allow is perhaps the most gracious, the most halt ye between two opinions? if the

the cream of the nation, our hope for promising, the most generous of all Lord be God, follow him: but if Baal,

tomorrow, the finest youth in all history contracts offered by the Lord to those then follow him "(1 Kings 18:21.)

to be quietly and softly led away to he loves; and yet, there are millions And so I say in conclusion, again from

habits of bondage and unhappiness! who are spending more than ten percent the Doctrine and Covenants: "I, the

Their only hope is a parent who cares to an enslaving habit, and instead of Lord, am bound when ye do what I enough. opening the "windows of heaven,"they say; but when ye do not what I say,

Incidentally, would you like to be a are slamming the door on a promise ye have no promise."(D&C 82:10.)

better citizen? Would you like to conof happiness and joy that no man, in my May we be obedient to law that we may

tribute the maximum effort to your opinion, has the right to deny himself. have true joy, eternal happiness, and

nation and community? Only those And so I conclude this plea by turning peace of mind is my prayer in the name

who are physically fit can expect to back to the 89th section of the Doctrine of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

their destiny; and the Jewish people, Journalists will find in this book crisis rediscovered by our scientists. Light

the blueprint of their future. The coveafter crisis, presenting rich material for and like a foul upon the water, this fleet

nants of God to them are unfolded, as limitless climactic stories, articles, plays, of barges was driven by winds and are the promises regarding Jerusalem, and operas. A struggling movie indusocean currents, landing at a common

their ancient city, and their lands. And try might here find material which could point in North America probably on the

it is revealed how the Jews, so long increase box office receipts. west shores.

persecuted, scattered and tortured since This unparalleled book should inThe reader may follow with wonder their dispersion, may come into their trigue navigators: unprecedented land another crossing of the ocean which

own. And the gentiles are warned that treks nearunbelievable in length, was made by a Jewish group led by a

they must "... no longer hiss, nor scope, and hazard are chronicled and prince, the son of Jerusalem's king, and

spurn nor make game of the Jews, nor ocean crossings, and the circling of the of a third migration and voyage, perany of the remnant of the House of world centuries before the Vikings haps the greatest in all of history,

Israel"for the Lord will remember his crossings fraught with all the dangers dimming even that of the Saints from covenant to them when they respond. imaginable, including storms, hidden Illinois to the Salt Lake Valley, and

It is the life story of the ancestors of reefs, hurricanes, and even mutiny. This even of Moses'Israel from Egypt to

the Indians and accounts for their first recorded ocean crossing was about their promised land. These people

dark skins. forty centuries ago, of seaworthy, oceanabandoned Jerusalem on the eve of its

Archaeologists may be excited as they going vessels without known sails, endestruction by Nebuchadnezzar and read of ruins of ancient cities, highways, gines, oars, or rudders—eight barges probably landed on the west coast of

and buildings; and there may yet be like and near contemporary with Noah's South America where the ocean curhidden buried gold and priceless recark, long as a tree, tight as a dish, rents drove them later to meet and comords. Locations may be approximated, peaked at the end like a gravy boat, bine with remnants of the earlier

for instance the narrow neck of land (see Ether 2:17) corked at top and migrants; this greatest movement was

which was fortified from the "East sea bottom, illuminated by molten stones made in a ship constructed by a young to the West sea"was but a "day's (see ibid., 2:20, 3:1 ff.), perhaps with builder who may never have seen an

journey for a Nephite."radium or some other substance not yet oceangoing vessel. If the party of the

JUNE 1963 491 prince sailed west and the prophets bauchery, comparable to that in Babyerected buildings, temples, and higheast they would have circumnavigated lon, Jerusalem, and Rome. ways with cement, and paved roads

the world from Jerusalem, their people He will see people thriving in connected city to city and land to land, finally meeting in this western world. communal living, and taxed from fifty and when forests had been denuded, a

The vessels were sufficiently large to percent, and then to totalness, to reforestation program was initiated for carry food and seeds. slavery, and to bondage. He will see the future.

There was no welcoming committee powergreedy paternalistic, centralized The psychologists may find studies to meet these adventurers as there was governments move toward the inevitable in human behavior and the workings to meet Columbus and the pilgrims. revolution which finally impoverishes of the human mind and the rationalizThis remarkable book tells again of but frees the people to begin again ing processes where men convince themmovements of great bodies of people from ashes. selves that "good is bad, and that bad

5,400 in one group, sailing northward The astronomer and geologist here is good."Here they will watch history

on the Pacific side in very large ships, may see signs in the heavens and new unfold for thousands of years and see seeking for new worlds to conquer, some stars come into focus, three days without not only episodes in the lives of indiof whom likely drawn into the strong sun or any reflected light, and nights viduals but causes and effects in a total westward ocean currents to find the without darkness, bright "as the midday history of races.

"isles of the sea"and to become the sun"(see 3 Ne. 1:19) and a vapor of The educator will find treasures of

progenitors of the Polynesians. darkness so impenetrable that no glimliterature and poetry. He will see how

The people in Jerusalem knew nothmer, nor candles, nor torches, nor fire language used to log their dayto-day ing of the whereabouts of these fellow could give any light. A great storm experiences can be corrupted when not

properly written, from an expressive tongue of the educated to numerous, corrupted dialects of degenerated peoples, proving that to survive, people must be educated on every front physical, mental, spiritual, moral—and

that anything short of that will bring ultimate disaster.

This comprehensive book should be studied by politicians, government: leaders, kjngs, presidents, and premiers to

see the rise and fall of empires, and the difference between statesmanship and demagoguery. They will see nations

born in war, live in war, deteriorate in war, and die in war through the centuries. They may find answers to problems of capital and labor, of dishonesty,

graft and fraud, of dissentions, internal rupture, and civil wars.

In this uncommon book is seen that

Israelites in the western world, but came "such an one as never had been chief judges, frustrated by growing corthose here knew of the happenings in known in all the land"(see ibid., 8:5), ruption, resign from judgment seats to

Palestine such as the destruction of certainly since Noah's fortyday pouring, proselyte for righteousness; that princes

Jerusalem and the captivity under and perhaps drowning more people than prefer to teach men rather than to rule

Nebuchadnezzar and when the Christ since the deluge, and terrible tempests, over them; that kings have tilled the

was born in Bethlehem, crucified on thunder, and sharp lightnings, and earth providing their own living to serve

Calvary, and when he ascended from whirlwinds of tornadic and hurricane the people rather than to become the Mount of Olives, yet no ships were proportions, swift enough to carry away burdensome to them and levy upon carrying mail; no telephone wires were people never to be heard of again—them confiscatory taxes; that rulers are

humming; no radio sets were operating; twistings, foldings, whirlings, slidings, loved and not feared.

no cables yet snaked across ocean floors. faultings, and tremblings of hours of Scientists will read of unusual instruThe student of economics will find in duration to cause landslides burying ments never patented or remade or

this unusual book the disintegration, of great cities perhaps more extensive than duplicated, of elements which, without nations through pride, soft living, and the Bali's, Iran's, Assam's, and Chile's, recharging, illuminate dark spaces inluxuries, terminating finally in hunger perhaps interring in a few hours more definitely, that at least fifteen hundred and fetters. He will see unified peoples people than ever in the history of the years before Columbus these Westerners

fighting "for liberty and then class wars world. Tidal waves swallowed entire knew that the earth is round and redestroying those freedoms. One will see communities, and fire consumed many volved about the sun, and of a special

the land waving with ripening grain, cities and human bodies. The labors instrument, not yet equaled even in our

the silkworm spinning, flocks and herds of centuries were embalmed in ashes to own day with all of our laboratories and grazing, vineyards and orchards bear- a greater degree than Pompeii and knowledge, like a round ball, made of ing, and a richly adorned and bejeweled Herculaneum; and earth convulsions brass, curious in workmanship, with two

people. He will see stone quarries and of such intensity and prolongation that spindles, so sensitive that it was not

lumber mills and mines and craftshops, "the face of the whole earth was delimited to the cardinal points of the and then devastated landscapes, burned formed"(see ibid., 8:17), these earth compass but would actually give guidhomes, parched earth, warring antagospasms being a revolt by the created ance regardless of direction, recording

nists, and deserted lands. He will see earth against the crucifixion of its the feelings, emotions, and inner rebeltowers and temples and kingly courts Creator. lions of men and would function propand palaces of the rich and their luxury, Engineers will learn from this great erly only where there was not human,

and dissipation, immorality, and debook that those centuries ago, men mental, and moral discord. This instru492 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ment would point the way to the "And I will fortify this land against globe when needed and who cannot be prevalence of animals to be hunted for all other nations. imprisoned, burned in the furnace, nor

food and was operated by faith rather "... I, the Lord, the king of heaven buried in pits, nor held in prison, nor

thanelements—anby electricityinstrumentor otheron naturalwhich willunto bethemtheirforever,king, thatand Ihearwillmybe words."a light destroyedHebrews, superhumanby beasts; for,powerlike theand threeprowould be writing changed from time (Ibid., 10:1112, 14. Italics added.) tection have been given them.

to time, plain to read, increasing the This single volume records for hisThis narrative tells of people with understanding of those who read it. torians about twentysix centuries of such faith that they buried their weapMilitary men may learn much in stirring life, not generally known even ons to die victims of enemies rather

strategy, intrigue, in movements, in to the most highly trained professors of than take lives; of boys who had inmorale. They may learn that centuries history. It tells of the ancestries of herited great faith from their mothers

before the discovery of America, the those whose spectacular monuments are who had trained them to trust in God ancients had cement buildings, temples, now observed in South and Central and they would be protected. It tells

and highways connecting cities and America and in the Mexican jungles. of the fulfilment when 2,060 of them

lands, and metal tools for tilling ground, In this wondrous book, ministers and were saved though they fought in many and munitions factories for making priests can find texts for sermons, and battles in which men all around them weapons of war, and forges to beat men generally can find final and authordied, but because of the faith of their "plowshares into swords, and pruningitative answers to difficult questions: mothers and the sons, not one of the

hooks into spears."(See 2 Ne. 12:4.) Is there life after death? Will the body 2,060 suffered death. In this battle of

They may learn how cold war can be be literally resurrected? Where do the defense, not one boy lost his life.

kept in deep freeze. spirits of men go between death and But after all, it is not the book's draGuerrilla warfare, sieges, and the the resurrection? Can one be saved in matic crises, its history, its narrative

scorchedearth policy were not origiunchastity? What is the correct organthat are so important, but its power to

nated in Civil War days nor in Russia ization of Christ's Church? Can one transform men into Christlike beings

but were programs of survival, initiated be saved without baptism? Why is it worthy of exaltation.

long centuries before Columbus, Pizarro, wrong to baptize infants? Is specific It is the word of God. It is a powerand Cortez. authority essential to administer ordiful second witness of Christ. And,

They may learn that wars of aggresnances? Is continuous revelation necescertainly, all true believers who love the

sion with soldiers, idolatrous and sary and a reality? Is Jesus the actual Redeemer will welcome additional

adulterous, who leave God out of their Son of God? evidence of his divinity.

lives, will in the end be futile and Here is recorded the glorious coming This inspiring book was never tamdisastrous. of the Savior to his temple in America. pered with by unauthorized translators

They will learn that great cultures He blessed the little children and wept or biased theologians but comes to the stagnate in war shadows and cease to as angels descended out of heaven and world pure and directly from the hissurvive when continuous wars make encircled them. He organized his torians and abridgers. The book is not

people migrants, when fields are Church with twelve apostles called dison trial—its readers are.

abandoned, livestock appropriated for ciples to whom were given the same Here is a scripture as old as creation nonproducing soldiers, forests destroyed priesthood, authority, and keys which and as new and vibrant as tomorrow, without replanting, and when farmers their contemporaries, Peter, James, and bridging time and eternity; it is a book

and builders become warriors, and John held in the other land. of revelations and is a companion to the

businessmen shoulder arms and teachers The coming of the Resurrected ReBible brought from Europe by immimobilize. Men cannot plant, cultivate, deemer to this land was spectacular grants and agrees in surprising harand harvest when in camps, nor build the small piercing voice from heaven mony with that Bible in tradition, hiswhen on the run. Long and bloody heard at Jordan and Transfiguration's tory, doctrine, and prophecy; and the

wars mean sacked, burned, ruined cities, Mount awed them as it announced: two were written simultaneously on two

confiscatory taxes, degenerated peoples, "Behold my Beloved Son, in whom I hemispheres under diverse conditions.

and decayed cultures. am well pleased, in whom I have gloriIt records the very words people would

Victory and defeat alike leave counfied my name—hear ye him."(3 Nephi say when this hidden record should be

tries devastated and the conqueror and 11:7.) presentedfto them.

the conquered reduced. Wickedness And then they saw a man descending "... A Bible! A Bible! We have got

brings war, and war vomits destruction out of heaven in white robes, and he a Bible, and there cannot be any more and suffering, hate and bloodshed upon stood in their midst saying: "Behold, I Bible.

the guilffy and the innocent. am Jesus Christ,... I am the God of "But thus saith the Lord God: O

This impressive book should convince Israel and the God of the whole earth fools, they shall have a Bible; and it

all living souls of the futility of war and and have been slain for the sins of the shall proceed forth from the Jews,...

the hazards of unrighteousness. A few world."(See ibid., 11:10, 14.) And the "Thou fool, that shall say: A Bible,

prophets, swimming in a sea of barmultitude thrust their hands into his we have got a Bible, and we need no barism, find it difficult to prevent the side and felt the prints of the nails more Bible....

crumbling and final collapse of corrupt and knew of a surety that this was the "... I rule in the heavens above and

peoples. very Christ so recently crucified across in the earth beneath; and I bring forth

To you of the Americas, who are the sea, and so recently ascended into my word unto the children of men, yea, terrified by the daily papers, who tremheaven, and now among them to teach even upon all the nations of the earth?

ble at "The sound of a shaken leaf,"them his saving gospel. "Wherefore murmur ye, because that

who build shelters in fear of guided This historical book tells of three ye shall receive more of my word? Know

missiles,warfare—tohydrogenyou, bombs,there isandthisbiologicalcondimen,still onwho,earthlikethoughJohn theit isRevelator,nearly twoare yeis anotwitnessthat theuntotestimonyyou thatof twoI amnationsGod,

tional promise coming from this book thousand years since their mortal birth that I remember one nation like unto of truth: men who have not suffered the pains another?...

"... this land shall be a land of of death, but who have control over the "And I do this that I may prove unto

liberty unto the Gentiles, and there elements and who make themselves many that I am the same yesterday, shall be no kings upon the land.... known at will and go anywhere on the today, and forever;... And because

JUNE 1963 493.

that I have spoken one word ye need sea, that they shall write the words of Israel, which I have led away, and not suppose that I cannot speak another; which I speak unto them; for out of the they shall write it;..."(2 Nephi

for my work is not yet finished;... books which shall be written I will 29:3-12. Italics added.)

"Wherefore, because that ye have a judge the world, every man according Then he says he will gather the three

Bible ye need not suppose that it conto their works, according to that which folds into one fold, and he will be their tains all my words; neither need ye is written. shepherd. And the records of the ten

suppose that I have not caused more to "For behold, I shall speak unto the tribes are still to be recovered. "And it

be written. Jews and they shall write it; and I shall come to pass that the Jews shall

"For I command all men, both in the shall also speak unto the Nephites and have the words of the Nephites, and the east and the west, and in the north, and they shall write it; and I shall also Nephites shall have the words of the

in the south, and in the islands of the speak unto the other tribes of the house Jews; and the Nephites and the Jews

THE SAINTS MUST STAND FIRM

EIRay L. Christiansen

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

My beloved brethren and sisters, with breakers, false accusers, incontinent, was discussed so eloquently by Presiyou I have been edified by all that fierce, despisers of those that are good, dent Joseph Fielding Smith yesterday?

has taken place in the various sessions "Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers Is it observed as the Lord's day? Are

of this great conference—the music, the of pleasures more than lovers of God"; you and your family found where you

wonderful discourses, the prayers, and (2 Tim. 3:2-4.) ought to be and doing what you ought

your presence here. I think I have never Now, thank goodness, that doesn't into be doing on that day? I recently

been so pleased and thrilled to see the clude everybody, but there are many I learned of a father who habitually took great sea of hands raised in unanimously am sure who fit into some of those his wife and children to the mountains sustaining those whose names were categories. If there are any into which or to various other places on the Sabpresented a few minutes ago, indicating we fit, or if any of us have these blembath day rather than taking them to

that there is unity in the Church. ishes upon us, I hope that we will go church where they belonged. As he

I come to you in humility this afterfrom these meetings with the determinawas hurrying them to get ready one noon and with a firm conviction that tion to throw them off. Sunday morning, his smallest boy said,

God lives; that this is not just another Now, despite these conditions that "Daddy, why can't we stay home and

Church which we represent, but it is Paul described, this is a favored time go to church like the other kids do?"

The Church of Jesus Christ; that sitting and a favored day of the Lord. We "Oh, come along,"said the father, "we

on this rostrum is the prophet of this ought to be thankful that we live in can sing and pray together in the mounday, surrounded by just and wholesome this particular day, notwithstanding all tains."The little boy said rather sadly,

men who are each endowed with the the fears and the troubles and the "I know we can, but we won't, will authority and the power to act in the anxieties which come upon us because we, Daddy?"

name of God and direct the work of of unsettled conditions that prevail in "And that thou mayest more fully the Lord in all the world in preparathe world. Our gratitude comes mainly keep thyself unspotted from the world,

tion for his coming to receive his because we are the glad recipients of the thou shalt go to the house of prayer kingdom. restored gospel brought back to earth and offer up thy sacraments upon my

I come to you with the assurance that in the fulfilment of prophecy, in its holy day"; (D&C 59:9.)

this Church was. established, not to fulness as a prescription for successful To me that makes it clear and underfail, but to continue, never to be deliving and for salvation. There is no standable as to where I ought to be and

stroyed nor left to another people; for need to walk in darkness or in uncerwhat I ought to do among other things

the Lord has said: tainty. In our day the Church has the that are approved of the Lord on that

"The works, and the designs, and the vision and the inspiration and the word holy day.

purposes of God cannot be frustrated, of the Lord to give to the people to Another matter: How completely do

neither can they come to naught. keep them from the pitfalls of life, from you love your neighbor? The Savior

"Remember, remember that it is not sorrow, regret, and failure. In this day has said that not only should we love

the work of God that is frustrated, but of the Church there has been a great our neighbors as ourselves, but that we the work of men"; (D&C 3:1, 3.) expanse of the Church itself. The gosshould also even love our enemies. One

I have no doubt that his promises to pel is being widely preached; buildings man said, "It's a difficult enough thing

all people will be fulfilled in his own are being constructed; temples have been to love a neighbor whom he likes to be

due time and in his own way, both to and are being erected; work for the dead classed as his neighbor, but to reach out

the righteous and to the wicked. We is increasing; and people are accepting and love his enemy is almost beyond

are living in a day foretold by the Savior the gospel, all of these in an unprecereasonable expectation."Nevertheless, it

as a time of wars and rumors of wars, dented way. is a method which the Lord has of

of famines and of pestilences and of Now, while we see the Church movpreparing, of sanctifying, and of perearthquakes. A day when, in a suping on unfalteringly toward its decreed fecting those whom he has called his

posedly cultured society, greed and lust destiny, we must remember that salvaSaints. Further than that, he requires

for power, subterfuge and cruelty are tion for each of us must he worked out that we bless those that curse us, and seen at their worst. This day was on an individual basis. For a few mothat we do good unto them that hate

described by Paul in these words: ments let us draw our world into the us, and that we pray for them who

"For men shall be lovers of their own range of my voice while we consider two despitefully use us and persecute us.

selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasor three principles which are indispenHow can we love our neighbor? I

phemers, disobedient to parents, unsable to individual and even collective think one of the best ways would be to thankful, unholy, salvation. help him to learn the truth, to accept

"Without natural affection, truceHow about the Sabbath day, which the restored gospel and to find in it the

494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA shall have the words of the lost tribes "Fools mock, and they shall mourn,"The book of which I speak is the keyof Israel; and the lost tribes of Israel and, "Woe be unto him that rejecteth stone of true religion, the ladder by

shall have the words of the Nephites the word of God."One prophet wrote: which one may get near to God by

and the Jews. "... And if ye shall believe in Christ ye abiding its precepts. It has been named,

"And it shall come to pass that my will believe in these words, for they are "The most correct of any book on earth."

people, which are of the house of the words of Christ,..."(Ibid., 33:10.) My beloved friends, I give to you the

Israel, shall be gathered home unto the In the final chapter of the book is the Book of Mormon. May you read it

lands of their possessions; and my word neverfailing promise that every person prayerfully, study it carefully, and realso shall be gathered into one."who will read the book with a sincere, ceive for yourselves the testimony of its

(Ibid., 29:1314.) prayerful desire to know of its divinity divinity. This, I pray in the name of

We seem to hear the Almighty warn: shall have the assurance. our Savior Jesus Christ. Amen.

power of God unto salvation for them have received from the Almighty. Where God, that ye must build your foundaand their families, and by defending him do you get your water, your meat, tion; that when the devil shall send

against danger or slander or mistreatment your bread and the luxuries of life? forth his mighty winds, yea, his shafts

by others. I think we could show a love Did he not create them? Were not the in the whirlwind, yea, when all his hail

of our neighbors on the highways and elements thereof placed upon the earth and his mighty storm shall beat upon in traffic congestions by being courteous before you came here? If you do not you, it shall have no power over you to

and by giving them the right of way pay one dime in tithing, it will not imdrag you down to the gulf of misery once in a while even though we may poverish the Lord, but I tell you where and endless wo, because of the rock have rightful claim to it. There are the effect will lie. It will affect yourupon which ye are built, which is a sure

innumerable ways in which love may selves, your own salvation."foundation, a foundation whereon if

be extended to one's neighbor. And I should like to add and that of men build they cannot fall."(Hel. 5:12.)

It was James Russell Lowell who said, your children most likely for "like I like that, and I have taken it to "They who love the Lord and their father, like son"is an old but true heart. I advocate it to the young and

neighbors are but one step from heaven."adage. to the old and to all of us, in fact, to

I'd like to include with these neighMy brothers and sisters, the comall mankind, for it is true as true bors, whom we must love and for mandments of the Lord are not dictums, can be.

whom we must be concerned, those who they are principles given by a Merciful May we, my brothers and sisters, stand have passed on, especially our own proFather to keep us and all mankind who firm upon this sure foundation and genitors to whom we have the inwill follow him from sin, sorrow, and thereby contribute to the progress of the escapable obligation to bring salvation regret. We talk a good deal these days Church as it moves on to the compleand exaltation through vicarious service. about security. One of the best formution of its divine destiny, and at the

What are we doing about them on an las of security that I have ever known same time secure our individual and colindividual family basis? is given in the words of Helaman in the lective salvation and perhaps exaltation,

How about tithing? Are we as indiBook of Mormon: I pray, testifying again that the Savior

viduals placing ourselves in a position "And now, my sons, remember, relives and that this is his work, in the to receive the glorious promises given member that it is upon the rock of our name of the Lord Jesus Christ, our of the Lord for those who consistently Redeemer, who is Christ, the Son of Master. Amen.

observe this law? He offered a challenge to be proved if he would not

open the windows of heaven and pour out upon us a blessing that there shall not be room enough to receive, and then he said:

"And I will rebuke the devourer for your sakes, and he shall not destroy the fruits of your ground; neither shall

your vine cast her fruit before the time in the field, saith the Lord of hosts."

(Mai. 3:11.)

What a promise that is to those of us who are willing to keep the law I

Can any of us justify withholding or skimping on that which really belongs to the Lord?

The voice of President Heber C. Kimball (I was pleased to hear this beautiful exposition by Spencer W. Kimball on

the Book of Mormon making it so vivid before us) rang out in this very building concerning the matter of tithing when he said:

"You have nothing except what you

JUNE 1963 FULFIL FREEDOM'S CHALLENGE Victor L. Brown

of the Presiding Bishopric

I was invited to speak to a group of associates, of not wanting to be differalmost impossible to overcome. How

high school students recently. They are ent. In all of my experience, I have necessary are these things really in

members of a service club, the motto never seen anyone more in bondage, achieving success?

of which is "Fulfil Freedom's Chalwith less freedom than these two The other day a man came to our lenge."I suppose there is no subject individuals. offices to discuss a business proposition.

discussed more frequently today than You don't give up your freedom all At the conclusion of our meeting, we that of freedom. There are many apat once—this kind of freedom at any learned that he had recently been

proaches to this topic. rate. You give it up a. little at a time, elected executive vicepresident and

As I stood before this group of eager and all it takes is a start. If there is treasurer of his company. Now, this

young men and looked into their faces, never a start, there is no concern about company is international in scope. It

I couldn't help feeling that if they could giving it up. does over four hundred million dollars

catch the full significance of the meaning Each of you would gladly give your worth of business each year.

of this motto and put it into practice, life, if necessary, to keep your country In discussing his rise to such an imtheir success in life would be assured. free. What are you willing to give to portant position in the business world,

"Fulfil Freedom's Challenge."Freeremain free from this socalled social he quietly and humbly said, "You know,

dom means many things to many peocustom that destroys so many boys and I have never found it necessary to ple. May I illustrate one kind of girls, men and women? smoke a big cigar or indulge in cockfreedom that came to my mind as I "Fulfil Freedom's Challenge."As I tails. I have just followed what my

visited with these young men by telling stood before those students, how I hoped father taught me when I was a boy you 'of a friend of mine who sold his they would recognize that they would and tried to live the way my mother freedom for a social custom. This young have to determine in their own minds wanted me to live. And I haven't found

man had started up the ladder of sucand hearts what kind of men they were that it has hurt me a bit."

cess, and it appeared that nothing could going to be, how susceptible they would On one occasion, the chairman of stop him. I don't know of anyone who be to the accepted practices and habits the board of directors of a large corporahad brighter or more promising prosof the world. tion, the largest of its kind in the

pects for a successful career. Many millions of dollars are spent by United States with retail outlets from

Then, one day, he made the decision tobacco companies in an effort to encoast to coast and border to border, that if he were really to succeed, he tice the young people of this nation into called one of his vicepresidents on the must accept social drinking as a part of taking up the habit of smoking. Medical telephone and said, "Will you please

his life, and so he did. I am sure that science today is substantiating the come to my office right away, and bring

to begin with, he found the taste unclaims which have been made for many your two boys."These two boys were

palatable. However, it wasn't long beyears, that the use of tobacco is inalso associated with this company.

fore he began to look forward to the jurious to one's health, but it is not As the three men entered the chaircocktail hour, and then the cocktail from this viewpoint that I wish to disman's office, he introduced them to a hour couldn't come soon enough. Ficuss it. man who they learned was one of the

nally, he became a slave to alcohol, losJust last week I had occasion to be great financiers from New York City.

ing his wife, his friends, and his job. The driving with a man who took a cigaret As the chairman of the board introduced

last time I saw him, though still a out of his pocket, put it in his mouth, these three men, he said to this finanyoung man, he looked twice his age. lighted it, and then threw it away. He cier, "These are the kind of men we

He was without work. He was finding turned to me, and said, "Did you see want to build our company around."

it necessary to ask for a handout from what I just did? I didn't want a Now, why do you suppose he would

his friends. He had lost everything cigaret. I have stopped smoking, but make such a statement, because these

that was worth living for. look what I did."three men neither use tobacco or

The day I was called to be a bishop Why, I have known some men who liquor? I doubt it. I am confident

of a ward several years ago, I received have stopped smoking every Monday that many of the men in this company a telephone call, asking if I could come morning for weeks. use tobacco and liquor. Then, why?

to help dissuade a woman from taking One of the most common social pracBecause they are Latterday Saints?

her life. I wish every young woman tices in this country—and I suppose in They are, but I doubt this was the reain this Church could have been by my many countries of the world—is the use son. I think this business executive

side during that interview. This woman, of tobacco. wanted to build his great company

the daughter of a bishop, the former If you young men and women will around men such as these three because wife of another leader in the Church, ask an honest person who is a confirmed they are men of character. They have

and the mother of two teenage youngsmoker whether or not he has denied personal standards, and they have the sters bad sold her soul for a bottle. himself a freedom by the use of tobacco, backbone to live these standards no

During her more or less sober moments, he will tell you he is enslaved to this matter where they are or whom they when she reflected upon what she had habit. are with. These men are strong enough

done with her life, she could see no We, as a Church, are not infrequently to resist the pressures of social customs purpose for living. accused of being narrowminded and rather than compromise their own prinNow, my young friends, don't think fanatical because we feel it is important, ciples, and this man knew they could

for one moment that these problems among other things, for our members be relied upon.

came on this man and this woman overto abstain from the use of tobacco and From these two examples, you can night. They found themselves in these liquor. Sometimes in an effort to avoid see that successful people have fulfilled

situations after many weeks, months, this implied stigma, we relent, and go freedom's challenge without compromisand even years of merely being "one of along with our critics. Then if we ing the principles of the gospel.

the gang,"of succumbing to the presaren't careful, we find that we have There were many other thoughts that sures of their neighbors, friends, and developed habits which sometimes seem went through my mind as I visited with

496 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.!

these young students and contemplated A Way, and Ways, and a Way, excellent plumber is infinitely more their ambitions and desires to fulfil And the High Soul climbs the High way, admirable than an incompetent philosfreedom's challenge. In my mind's eye, And the Low Soul gropes the Low; opher. The society which scorns excel-

I could see among them future doctors, And in between, on the misty flats, lence in plumbing because plumbing is attorneys, educators, businessmen, engiThe rest drift to and fro. a humble activity, and tolerates shoddineers, scientists, and so forth. But to every man there openeth ness in philosophy because it is an

The thought I wish to conclude with, A High way and a Low, exalted activity will have neither good however, has reference to yet another And every man decideth plumbing nor good philosophy. Neither

group who were not present at this The Way his soul shall go."its pipes nor its theories will hold water."

meeting. As a matter of fact, I am It is my earnest prayer that young Freedom of choice is a basic principle

afraid the motto, "Fulfil Freedom's men and young women everywhere will of the gospel. This was true even before

Challenge,"would have little interest consider carefully before choosing their the earth was created. Each one of us

for them. They are known as dropouts. highway of life. has the divinely granted right to choose

They are the ones who for one reason What a wonderful thing it would be for himself. In choosing, we have the

or another leave high school without if all young people of this generation responsibility to use our intellect, which obtaining their diplomas. It is my decided that mediocrity would not touch also has been given to us by our Heavfeeling that this group of young men their lives but rather that excellence in enly Father. He has shown us the

and young women are choosing to beall things would be their ambition. way; now it is our responsibility to

come enslaved to a life of mediocrity, John W. Gardner, president of the choose which way we will go.

and the tragic fact about this is that not Carnegie Corporation, spoke of excel- I bear you my testimony that God only are they entering into this deplorlence in this way: lives, that Jesus Christ, our Elder

able condition, but they are probably "The most important moral of all is Brother, gave his life that we might going to take many of their children that excellence is where you find it. I live, and that he gave us the teachings

with them. If they could only foresee would extend this generalization to which, if properly lived, will permit us

the opportunities and rewards that will cover not just higher education but all to return to his presence. I also bear

pass them by because of their decision education from the vocational high witness that President David O. McKay

to be satisfied with a minimal preparaschool to the graduate school.... We is a prophet of God, just as surely as

tion for life! It is essential that each must learn to honor excellence (inJoseph Smith was a prophet of God,

person recognize that the responsibility deed to demand it) in every socially the instrument in the hands of the for these decisions rests with himself. accepted human activity, however humLord in restoring the gospel in this

John Oxenham has written: ble the activity, and to scorn shoddiness, latter day, in the name of the Lord

"To every man there openeth however exalted the activity.... An Jesus Christ. Amen.

l hit V

ill ft if! I

if:! *!j|lt"I [j * X

<r* *

fWVtmtr+Wy "i.%!*

l ip**1|*f\i

i

"YE HAVE HEARD MY VOICE"S. Dilworth Young

of the First Council of the Seventy

About a year ago I was reading in the it its framework. called together and given their instrucDoctrine and Covenants and came upon Back in 1829 the Lord, through the tions. Oliver Cowdery was the spokes-

a verse of one of the sections. I supProphet Joseph Smith, said there would man; and after having given them some

pose everybody has an experience of the be appointed twelve disciples, which very powerful and heartwarming intype I had as I read. I think the Prophet of course we know as apostles, and he struction, so moved was he, himself, that

had such an experience the day he appointed two of the three witnesses to he had to stop two or three times to read, "If any man lack wisdom let him choose them. And then he did a thing weep. He finally read the revelation to

ask of God"(See James 1:5), for that which to me is remarkable. He began which I refer and this verse.

scripture leaped at him; and so this one to instruct the Twelve before they were Brigham Young was so impressed by

leaped at me. For a year or so I have chosen, and after having instructed it that he copied it in his laborious

been reading it off and on, contemthem he then gave them this verse. In handwriting into his diary. I am implating it. Now I should like to read 1835 the Twelve were chosen, as you pressed by it likewise. These are the

it to you, but first I should like to give know, and on one occasion they were words

"AND THE LAMANITES SHALL BLOSSOM AS THE ROSE"

Marion G. Romney

of the Council of the Twelve

Mis queridos Hermanos y Hermanas de augurate a reign of righteousness and earth; and great tribulations shall be

los paises donde se habla Espahol. Me peace. among the children of men, but my

da mucho gusto a veros aqui con The background of our text is most people will I preserve;

nosotros esta dia. Con todo coraxon, muy interesting and significant. At that "And righteousness will I send down

bienvenidos. time there was much interest and conout of heaven; and truth will I send

To you who wonder, I have just siderable misunderstanding concerning forth out of the earth, to bear testimony greeted and welcomed our people from the "great day of the Lord."The of mine Only Begotten;..."(Moses

Latin America. My Spanish may not Shakers, for example, had the mistaken 7:5962.) "The Latterday Saints regard

have been such as they could undernotion that the Savior might come as the coming forth of the Book of Morstand, but you are in no position to a woman. To dispel this error, the mon,... as a fulfilment of this prophchallenge my interpretation of it. Lord said: ecy,..."(See James E. Talmage,

I love these, my brothers and sisters. "... verily I say unto you, that the Articles of Faith, p. 275.)

To me they are white and delightsome. Son of Man cometh not in the form of One of the two purposes of the Book

And of course I love you, too. a woman, neither of a man traveling of Mormon as expressed on its title

Pursuant to assignment from the First on the earth. page is "to show unto the remnant of

Presidency of the Church, I have for "Wherefore, be not deceived, but conthe house of Israel what great things the past two years been supervising the tinue in steadfastness, looking forth for the Lord hath done for their fathers;

Latin American missions. It may not, the heavens to be shaken, and the earth and that they may know the covenants

therefore, be wholly inappropriate for to tremble and to reel to and fro as a of the Lord, that they are not cast off me to say something about the Lamandrunken man, and for the valleys to be forever.""The remnant of the House

ites, many of whom live in these misexalted, and for the mountains to be of Israel"here referred to includes, of sions. With this intent, I take for my made low, and for the rough places to course, the Lamanites. It is concerning

text the following statement made by the become smooth—and all this when the the covenants the Lord made with their

Lord to the Prophet Joseph Smith in angel shall sound his trumpet. fathers which run in favor of the

March 1831. "But before the great day of the Lord Lamanites and culminate in their blos-

"... before the great day of the Lord shall come, Jacob shall flourish in the soming as the rose that I wish to speak.

shall come, Jacob shall flourish in the wilderness, and the Lamanites shall One of these covenants was that a wilderness, and the Lamanites shall blossom as the rose."(Ibid. 49:2224.) record of their fathers would be preblossom as the rose."(D&C 49:24.) The relationship here revealed beserved and brought forth unto the remThe word, "Lamanites,"denotes, of tween the redemption of the Lamanites nant. Concerning this covenant, Enos

course, the descendants of rebellious and the coming of "the great day of the said: "... after I had prayed and

Laman and Lemuel. It also denotes Lord"is frequently implied in the scriplabored with all diligence, the Lord

all other descendants of Lehi who detures. Enoch, for example, the great said unto me: I will grant unto thee

fected to them. As used in our text, antediluvian prophet, witnessing in viaccording to thy desires,...

I think it includes all descendants of sion the corruption of mankind, after "And... this was the desire which

Book of Mormon peoples frequently rethe ascension of the Son of Man,... I desired... that if it should so be,

ferred to as the remnant of the people cried unto his God: "Wilt thou not that my people, the Nephites, should

of Lehi. The Lord identifies them in come again upon the earth?... fall into transgression, and by any

the Doctrine and Covenants as "... the "And the Lord said unto Enoch: As I means be destroyed, and the Lamanites

Nephites,... Jacobites,... Josephites, live, even so will I come in the last should not be destroyed, that the Lord

... Zoramites,... days.... God would preserve a record of my

"... Lamanites,... Lemuelites, and "And the day shall come that the earth people,... that it might be brought

... Ishmaelites,..."(ibid., 3:1718.) shall rest, but before that day the forth at some future day unto the

"The great day of the Lord"will, of heavens shall be darkened, and a veil Lamanites, that, perhaps, they might course, be the day when the Savior of darkness shall cover the earth; and be brought unto salvation

comes in his power and glory to inthe heavens shall shake, and also the "... and he covenanted with me that

498 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "These words are not of men nor of (D&C 18:3436.) the voice of the Lord, without knowman, but of me; wherefore, you shall The thing that impresses me about ing that all these years I have been

testify they are of me and not of man; this is, and I have never thought of it hearing it with deaf ears. This woke

"For it is my voice which speaketh before, when I read a verse in the Docme up.

them unto you; (now this is six years trine and Covenants I am hearing the I can testify that, having read, I hear

later that they are hearing it) for they voice of the Lord as well as reading the voice of the Lord. L also testify to

are given by my Spirit unto you, and his words, if I hear by the Spirit. you that when you hear the Prophet,

by my power you can read them one Now I have heard it said many times here sitting on the stand, speak by the to another; and save it were by my by men that they have often asked the voice of prophecy and by the spirit of

power you could not have them"; Lord for a special testimony and oftenthe inspiration which possesses him, youAnd this is the verse—"Wherefore, times haven't had it. They seem to also hear, through him, the voice of

you can testify that you have heard want to hear the voice of the Lord. I the Lord. In the name of Jesus Christ.

my voice, and know my words."confess I have often wanted to hear Amen.

he would bring them forth unto the be granted unto them according to their them, "... my joy is great, even unto

Lamanites in his own due time."(Enos faith in their prayers"; (D&C 10:4547.) fulness, because of you, and also this

1213, 16. Italics added.) Other covenants which the Lord generation; yea, and even the Father

The Lord had made this same covemade with their fathers were to the rejoiceth, and also all the holy angels, nant with Nephi some fifty years earlier effect that the remnant would accept... for none of them (this generation

(See 1 Nephi 13:35), and he renewed the gospel, regain their inheritance and that is, those who were then alive)

it with Mormon nearly a thousand years former blessings and take part in the are lost....

later. (See Mormon 5:8-9, 1213.) latterday redemption of Zion. "But..."he continued, "it sorroweth

Moroni, preparing to deposit the recNephi, explaining to his brethren the me because of the fourth generation ord in Cumorah, predicted that "... it words their father Lehi had "... spoken from this generation, for they are led

shall be brought out of darkness unto concerning the natural branches of the away captive by him even as was the light, according to the word of God; olivetree,..."said, "... in the latter son of perdition; for they will sell me

yea, it shall be brought out of the earth, days, when our seed shall have dwindled for silver and for gold,... And in that

and it shall shine forth out of darkness, in unbelief,... for the space of... day will I visit them, even in turning

and come unto the knowledge of the many generations... then shall the their works upon their own heads."

people; and it shall be done by the fulness of the gospel... come unto (3 Nephi 27:30, 32.) Mormon, of

power of God."(Mormon 8:16.) In [them]... from the Gentiles,... course, records the literal fulfilment of

Mormon, chapter eight, from which this "And at that day shall the remnant this sad prediction.

prophecy of Moroni is taken, and in of our seed.... But Jesus did not conclude his

chapter nine is to be found a clear "... be remembered again among prophecy about the Lamanites here.

and accurate description of the world the house of Israel; they shall be Notwithstanding their foreseen apostasy

in which we now live—a word picture grafted... into the true olivetree."and degradation, he repeatedly affirmed

written by a prophet, who by the power (1 Nephi 15:7, 1314, 16.) the fact that the Father had given them

of God saw in open vision and made "And then shall the remnant of our this land as a permanent inheritance.

record of us, our times and doings, and seed know concerning us, how that we (See ibid., 15:13; 16:16; 20:14; 21:22.)

of the chastening which awaits us, the came out from Jerusalem, and that they He assured them that a remnant would inhabitants of this land, if we do not are descendants of the Jews. survive to enjoy their inheritance alrepent and heed the teachings of the "And the gospel of Jesus Christ shall though, by reason of their iniquity, they

restored gospel. be declared among them; wherefore, would forfeit it to the gentiles for

Concluding the account of the covethey shall be restored unto the knowl- a season.

nant concerning the record to be preedge of their fathers, and also to the He told of the coming of the gentiles.

served and brought forth, the Lord said knowledge of Jesus Christ, which was "For,"said he, "it is wisdom in the to the Prophet Joseph Smith in 1828: had among their fathers. Father that they should be established

"Behold, there are many things en- "And then shall they rejoice; for they in this land, and be set up as a free

graven upon the plates of Nephi (speakshall know that it is a blessing unto people by the power of the Father, ing of the small plates being substituted them from the hand of God; and their..."(Ibid., 21:4.)

for the 116 pages of manuscript lost scales of darkness shall begin to fall "... because of their belief in me,...

by Martin Harris) which do throw from their eyes; and many generations "... and because of the unbelief of

greater views upon my gospel;... shall not pass away among them, save you, O house of Israel, in the latter

"And, behold, all the remainder of they shall be a white and delightsome day... the fulness of these things

this work does contain all those parts of people."(2 Nephi 30:4-6.) shall be made known unto them."

my gospel which my holy prophets, yea, The chief witness to the blessings (Ibid., 16:6-7.)

and also my disciples, desired in their awaiting the Lamanites was the resur- "... that these things might come

prayers should come forth unto this rected Jesus. As he ministered to the forth from them unto a remnant of your

people. survivors of the cataclysm which atseed, that the covenant of the Father

"And I said unto them, that it should tended his crucifixion, he said unto may be fulfilled...."(Ibid., 21:4.)

JUNE 1963 490 Speaking of the role the remnant Concerning the timetable for the menced unto the fulfilling of the covewould play in this last gospel dispensafulfilment of these tremendous prophenant which he hath made unto the tion, Jesus assured them that they would cies, Jesus said: "... I give unto you a people who are of the house of Israel."

be associated with other faithful memsign, that ye may know the time when {Ibid., 21:1-3,5,7.)

bers of the house of Israel in establishthese things shall be about to take Now, with this foreknowledge as an ing in this, the land of their inheritance, place—... interpretative guide to the signs of the

a New Jerusalem. "And behold,"said "... when these things which I detimes, all who have seeing eyes and

he, "this people"—remember, he was clare unto you,... shall be made understanding hearts may rest assuredspeaking in America—"will I establish known unto the Gentiles... that the fulfilment of the promises to

in this land, unto the fulfilling of the "... and shall come forth of the the Lamanites is at hand. Most of the

covenant which I made with your Father, from them unto... foregoing prophecies have already been

father Jacob; and it shall be a New "... your seed... fulfilled, and others are now in course

Jerusalem. And the powers of heaven "And... thy seed shall begin to know of fulfilment. The apostasy and fourth

shall be in the midst of this people; yea, these things—it shall be a sign unto generation destruction, the degeneration

even I will be in the midst of you."them, that they may know that the of the remnant, the coming of the gen-

(Ibid., 20:22.) work of the Father hath already comtiles, their establishment by the power

Saturday Evening Session, April 6, 1963 THE CORRELATION PROGRAM Harold B. Lee

of the Council of the Twelve The subject I am to discuss tonight is had tried to influence the father and John, Jesus and his apostles. All, and

not of my own choosing but by assignhad succeeded with some confusion. each of which, were chosen by the Lord,

ment from the Presidency of the Church. The father, with thoughts of this and not by the people.

Therefore I feel a tremendous responconfusion on his mind, walking down "It is true the people have a voice in sibility, particularly that I stay within the road one day, heard distinctly a the government of the kingdom of the bounds of what I have understood voice behind him, which said to him: God,...

their wishes to be with regard to this "Stick with the old ship. It will lead "But they do not confer the authority

presentation. To that end I seek most you safely home."He turned to look in the first place, nor can they take it

humbly for an interest in your faith and because he had not been hearing audible away; for instance, the people did not

prayers that I might be so guided as to voices, and he saw no speaker, but the elect the twelve apostles of Jesus Christ, attempt tonight to portray something message that came to him is the mesnor could they by popular vote deprive that will help you to understand the sage with which I should like to comthem of their apostleship. As the govdevelopments of what the President has mence—that we should remember that ernment of the kingdom anciently excalled "The Correlation Program"as it ours is the responsibility to "stick with isted, so it is now restored."(Millennial

has now been developed. the old ship"if we want to be brought Star, 5:150; March 1845.)

Prefacing that presentation in some safely back home. The responsibility resting upon every

detail, part of it by review and some by I should like to bring to you a stateholder of the priesthood is set forth in way of extension, I would like to make ment from three former leaders of the another very clear and plain declaration a few introductory remarks. I attended a Church as to the fundamentals of what by President Wilford Woodruff, and

fast and testimony meeting a few this speaker called "the old ship,"this is what he said:

months ago where Dr. Harvey Fletcher meaning the kingdom of God, which "Every leader in his place is accountbore a remarkable testimony. He told must be kept in mind always as able for his stewardship. These disciples

about the experience of his rather being to the essentials in the building of of Christ received the Holy Priesthood, called on a mission when Dr. Fletcher the kingdom. the gospel of Christ, and the keys of

was just a lad. There were five or six Parley P. Pratt, in what was called a the Kingdom of God, and Jesus held

children, as I remember it, in the family, "declaration"or a "proclamation,"them responsible until the day of their and the father was called to go out with under the subject heading, "Order of death for the course they pursued.

not much support from home. He Government,"had made this very However, they were despised by the

hadn't been out long when he was clear statement: world, they were held responsible for

called to come home on account of the "The legislative, judicial, and execubearing a faithful and true testimony to death of a member of the family. tive power is vested in him (meaning the Jew and gentile, of Jesus Christ being

While he was home and preparing to the President of the Church); he rethe true shepherd and Savior of the

go back to his mission, he was stricken veals the law, he elects, chooses, and world. He gave him, Joseph Smith, the

with deafness, some disease which left appoints the officers and holds the right Priesthood under the hands of Peter, him with total deafness, which, of to reprove, correct, or even to remove James and John. The Lord Almighty

course, made necessary the cancellation them at pleasure. Hence the necessity held him responsible unto the day that

of his mission. of a constant intercourse by direct revelahe sealed his testimony with his blood

It was a disturbing thing to the famtion between the Lord and his Church. for the course that he pursued with these

ily, and while the father did not allow As a precedence for the foregoing facts, things. And he bore his testimony, left

himself to become bitter, there were we refer to the examples of all ages as his record, and sealed it with his blood some who tried their best to feel sorry recorded in the Scriptures. and laid down his life and that testimony

for him or make him feel sorry for "This order of government began in is in force today upon all the world, himself. About this time the Godbeites, Eden—God appointed Adam to govern and will remain so until the end. When

who the older ones here will remember the earth, and gave him laws. I say this of Joseph Smith, I say it of

were a splinter group trying to confuse "It was perpetuated in a regularsucevery other man (and this now is the the Church, were quite active, and in cession from Adam to Noah; from Noah point I want you to note particularly).

the ward where they lived one of these, to Melchizedek, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, President Young has led this Church for a member of the bishopric of the ward, Joseph, Moses, Samuel, the Prophets, many years, and the Lord has held him

500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of God as a free people in this land, average, 2,424 missionaries a month. from the gospel once so richly entheir harassment of the remnant, the These missionaries brought into the joyed and strictly obeyed by their

preservation of the promised record, and Church 22,909 people in 1962, an averfathers. But they are now accepting

its coming forth by way of the gentiles age of 9.45 a missionary. This is well the gospel. And they will continue

are now all documented history. above the average of other foreign misto accept it in everincreasing numFor more than a hundred years the sions of the Church. So you see, my bers. As they receive and live it,

record of their fathers, the Book of brethren and sisters, the Lord is pourthey are certain to regain their favored

Mormon, has been going to the Lamaning out his spirit upon the Lamanites. status in ) the house of Israel and parites by way of the gentiles. And it is They are accepting the record of their ticipate in the redemption of Zion

now being carried to them with infathers and are coming to a knowledge and the building of the New Jerucreased tempo. of the "things"referred to by Jesus. It salem here in America. Jacob, even

Today the Church has in operation is true that they are poor; they are now, flourishes in the wilderness, and

in lands inhabited, at least in part, by downtrodden; they are in large part unshortly the "Lamanites shall blossom as

the remnant, twentyone missions. educated. In these and many other the rose,') heralding "the great day of

Others are being organized. Working in respects they still suffer under the curse the Lord,"which God grant may not

these missions during 1962 were, on an brought upon them by their apostasy be long delayed, I humbly pray.

responsible and will hold him so until carry off his portion of the responsibility sufficient discussion when the President the day of his death for the course purof building up Zion in the latter days."would say: "Now brethren, I feel that

sued by him while conducting the affairs The summary of these statements is this is the thing we ought to do."Then

of His Church and Kingdom. And also set forth in one or two incidents that I President Clark remarked, "When he

for the use he makes of the Holy Priestshould like now to mention and to disaid that, I quit counseling because, to hood and the Kingdom of God. gress for a moment, and then to summe, that was the prophet of the Lord

"So with all his counselors, the marize by reading from one of our speaking, and I felt I should not try to

Twelve Apostles, and everyone of us, we Melchizedek Priesthood study courses. dissuade him."

shall all be held accountable until the The story is told in the early days of the In the history of the Church there

I think, at Kirthave been times or instances whereday of our death. We shall have to Church—particularly,give an account before the God of land—where some of the leading brethCounselors in the First Presidency and

heaven when we go into the spirit world ren in the presiding councils of the others in high station have sought to and meet Him there for the use of this Church met secretly and tried to scheme overturn the decision or to persuade the

Priesthood and the keys of the kingas to how they could get rid of the President contrary to his inspired judgdom which have been established on Prophet Joseph's leadership. They made ment, and always, if you will read carethe earth for the last time, have been the mistake of inviting Brigham Young fully the history of the Church, such

committed unto the hands of this to one of these secret meetings. He reoppositions brought not only disastrous

people, and God will hold us responbuked them, after he had -heard the results to those who resisted the decision sible for the use we make of these purpose of their meeting. This is part of of the President, but almost always such

blessings, privileges and powers which what he said: "You cannot destroy the temporary persuasions were called back

we enjoy in connection therewith. The appointment of a prophet of God, but for reconsideration, or a reversal of hasty

eyes of God and his angels, and of you can cut the thread that binds you action not in accordance with the feelevery man who dwells in the Celestial to the prophet of God, and sink yourings, the inspired feelings, of the PresiWorld are watching us and the courses selves to hell."dent of the Church. And that, I subwe pursue."In that same vein, I heard President mit, is one of the fundamental things

President Joseph F. Smith defines the Clark, shortly after he came into the that we must never lose sight of in the

relationship of each order of priesthood First Presidency, make an interesting building of the kingdom of God.

to all others, in contrast, may I say, with public statement. He said that when Now then, the summary I would like

that concept of having one minister for President Grant called him to be a you to get in order to bring all these a congregation who practically directs Counselor in the First Presidency, he statements together as an introduction:

the entire activity of the congregation. was worried. He had always thought of "A significant and basic idea in the

President Smith said: the President of the Church as the meaning of Priesthood is made clear,

"The Lord never did intend that one "mouthpiece"of the Lord, and he wonthat is, that although the President of man should have all the power, and for dered how much counseling he ought to the Church may hold and dispense the that reason he has placed in His give the "mouthpiece"of the Lord. But powers and administrative responsibiliChurch, the presidents, apostles, high he hadn't been long in the Presidency ties of that office, the power of the

priests, seventies, elders, and the various until he discovered his place. Priesthood is decentralized, first, accordofficers of the lesser priesthood, all of President Grant would say to each ing to the offices and jurisdiction of

which are essential in their order and of his Counselors, when they were disthose respective offices. Secondly, acplace according to the authority becussing a serious matter, "What do you cording to the individual Priesthood

stowed upon them. The Lord never think about it?"and "What do you bearers. This means that while the

did anything that was not essential or think about it?"And the Counselors Church as a whole is delicately responthat was superfluous. There is a use would respond. Sometimes their opinsible to central authority for Churchfor every branch of the priesthood, and ions were in contradiction or in conflict wide purposes, the central local relahe has established it in his Church. We with what the President had thought. tionships in the organizations do not

want every man to learn his duty, and There was then the business of resolvrestrict full initiative and free developwe expect that every man will do his ing the different points of view, but ment of either territorial division of the duty as faithfully as he knows how and there would always come a time after a Church, individual quorums, groups of

JUNE 1963 301 quorums, or the member as an indiizations so moving. We question few moments. There would be three

vidual."As I have said, that quotation whether the composite of all of them committees established, and in harmony

is from one of our recent study courses might not tend away from the developwith the letter which I have just read for the Melchizedek Priesthood. ment of a given line of study or activity you, one for youth, one for children, and

Now then, in order for you to get a having the ultimate and desired objecone for adults, and it was felt that the concept of what we want to present, tive of building up a knowledge of the Primary and the Sunday School would

I am going to refer to and repeat what Gospel, a power to promulgate the same, probably be the organization to teach has been said before, for as someone has a promotion of the growth, faith, and the children. The two MIA organizasaid, "repetition is the soul of learning."stronger testimony of the principles of tions and the Sunday School and the

President Brigham H. Roberts had a the Gospel among the members of the educational system and the Aaronic

classic statement: "The recurrence to Church. Priesthood would implement the profundamentals is essential to perpetuity.""We have sometimes been led to gram for the youth. The adults would

If you can understand those big words wonder whether there was a proper obbe taught by the Sunday School, the that is what I am going to try to do in servance of the field of a particular educational system, the Relief Society, the next few minutes—to recur, or take Auxiliary of what might be termed its and the priesthood, including the memyou back for a recurrence to fundajurisdiction. The question has not been bers of the Aaronic Priesthood over 21,

mentals in order that you might absent from our minds that there might and of course some flexibility would perpetuate in your minds what we are be a concept entertained by some of have to be provided in these areas and talking about in the Correlation them including within their jurisdiction activities where sharp lines could not

Program. the entire scope of Church activity, and be drawn.

The key to the whole correlation with their members the whole Church When we made our first preliminary movement, which has been given us by membership. report, which we have done step by step

our present leaders, in defining the place "We think that the contemplated as we have advanced since that first of the auxiliaries and the home and the study by the Committee now set up, assignment, President McKay said in a priesthood, is set forth in this statement should have the foregoing matters in meeting with the Presidency and the made by the Presidency a few years mind. We feel assured that if the Council of the Twelve, "This is in the

ago. I quote: whole Church curricula were viewed right direction, and should go forward."

"The home is the basis of a righteous from the vantage point of what we Encouraged by that, then, we took the life and no other instrumentality can might term the total purpose of each next step.

take its place nor fulfil its essential and all of these organizations, it would We are going to undertake tonight functions; the utmost the auxiliaries can bring about such a collation and limitasomething that is going to be rather

do is to aid the home in its problems, tion of subjects and subject matters difficult. We are going to show you

giving special aid and succor where such elaborated in the various Auxiliary eight charts, which we will now flash is necessary, that in aiding the home the courses as would tend to the building of on a screen. Because two thirds of our

auxiliaries may well consider thinking efficiency in the Auxiliaries themselves audience tonight are not within sight of homelife of the people as having in the matter of carrying out the purof the screen, we shall ask you who are.three periods, the first, from birth to poses lying behind their creation and not here or where television is not availtwelve years of age or the childhood function. able to you, to pay careful heed, and I

period; then the youth period from "We would therefore commend to you will attempt to explain it sufficiently so

twelve years up to the early twenties; Brethren of the General Priesthood you may get some kind of mental picture

and then adulthood, from the early Committee the beginning of an exhausat least, and if you folks here who are twenties on to the end of life."tive, prayerful study and consideration seeing, will watch these charts, perhaps

Now it is upon these fundamentals, of this entire subject, with the coopera- I can more quickly show you the organsimply stated, that we have been guided tive assistance of the Auxilaries themization and what has been done up to in our correlation studies of the curricula selves so that the Church might reap the present time.

and activities of all the priesthood and the maximum harvest from the devotion In order for the General Authorities the auxiliary organizations. In order to of the faith, intelligence, skill and to see the charts without having to turn

set forth more clearly what we were knowledge of our various Auxiliary Oraround, we have prepared copies of now assigned to do in this new look at ganizations and Priesthood Committees. these charts which the brethren will

correlation, the First Presidency, under "This is your authority to employ pass out to you now, and you may then date of March 24, 1960, that means such necessary technical help as you follow without the necessity of reversing just a little over three years ago, wrote might need to bring this about. We your seats.

this letter to the general priesthood shall await your report."We have numbered these, as you will

committee: I suppose I need not tell you what a notice, brethren, on the upper lefthand

"We of the First Presidency have over soulsearching assignment that was. We corner Number 1, 2, 3, 4, and so on, so

the years felt the need of a correlation found in our study, that in 1912 and you can follow rather readily. Now if we

between and among the courses of again in 1920 since President McKay may have the lights dimmed and the study put out by the General Priestbecame one of the General Authorities, first chart thrown on the screen. We

hood Committee and by the responsible he was a member of a committee of the have left these lights here dimmed, I heads of the other Committees of the Twelve by whom similar studies were think, enough, President McKay, so that

General Authorities for the instruction undertaken. This means that for a the brethren on the stand can see and

of the Priesthood of the Church. matter of forty years at least, this subyet it will not take away the effective-

"We have also felt the very urgent ject of correlation had been close to the ness of the projection on the screen.

need of a correlation of studies among President's mind and in his thoughts as Now we will show you the first chart the Auxiliaries of the Church. We have something very essential and desirable. and see if that will work.

noted what seemed to be a tendency Now, in setting about to carry out Chart #1 shows the overall organtoward a fundamental, guiding concept, this assignment, it was our first conization for allchurch coordination, particularly among certain of the clusion that there should be set up a with, of course, the First Presidency at

Auxiliary Organizations, that there coordinating council, which we so the head. Under their direction, the

must be every year a new course of recommended, and which was approved. Council of the Twelve and the General

study for each of the Auxiliary OrganWe will show you that council in a Authorities associated with them, and

502 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA then you will notice on the lefthand teachers at their various universities, MIA, and Primary general boards.

side of the chart the Correlation Comthey have carried on and with their While the correlation committees are mittee, presently consisting of four planning groups have brought to us studying the courses of study, preparing, members of the Twelve. On the righttheir excellent work for our consideraand writing them if assigned to do so,

hand side you will notice the auxiliary tion and further development, which the auxiliary advisers with their genadvisers. These are advisers named by progress report we are trying to present eral boards will now engage primarily

the First Presidency to each of the to you tonight. in leadership training, so you will noauxiliaries, two or three or more to each In the planning groups or executive tice in the center of that chart "Leadersuch auxiliary. committees we have nine members in ship Training"is pictured as the great

Chart #2. This chart shows you the all. We have the same kind of dedicatask of the general auxiliary boards with

Correlation Committee. Then you will tion, as I explained, in twentyfive more their advisers. This is done first at their

notice an AllChurch Coordinating who are working on the task committees annual conference, such as has just been

Council, as it is called on this chart. with the same complete attention to held by the general board of the PriThis includes the four members of the their specific assignments. If Brother mary Association and is now in process

Twelve, representing the Melchizedek Wendell Ashton will pardon me, I of being held by the general Sunday

Priesthood, the Presiding Bishop who would like to make a reference to him School board. Here in these annual

represents the Aaronic Priesthood, the as an illustration. We were sitting in conferences there will be a preview of

chairman of the Genealogical Society, a meeting the other night where he, courses of study and activities, and then and the presidents and/or superinrepresenting the adult group was in at stake quarterly conference (you will tendents of each auxiliary board, and a session with us, when the telephone notice on the righthand side) where representative of the church school sysrang. It was word from his home that once annually, each auxiliary organizatem. This council has an executive his lovely wife had just passed away. tion will send a representative who will

secretary. Under the AllChurch CoSick though she was, he had left her bring to each stake a program for trainmittees—Theordinating CouncilChildren'swe have Committee;three combedsidethis conference.to counselFromwith thisus preparingmeeting forhe Mosting andof youinstructionnow haveof hadlocalvisitsleaders.from

the Youth Committee; and the Adult

Committee. The chairman of each of

these three committees, the Adult Committee, the Youth Committee, and the

Committee for Children, is a member of the Twelve. Each committee has its

own executive secretary.

Now, as the letter I read you indicated, the three periods in the span of life as set forth, are children up to twelve years of age, youth twelve to the early twenties, and adults through life. The executive, or planning group,

who work with each chairman, have from two to four who constitute an executive committee. Then we have in

addition thereto, twentyfive wellquali- fied brothers and sisters who are chosen on the additional "task"committees.

They are at work now reviewing the present courses of study and the prewas to return home to his sorrowing the Relief Society and Primary reprevious courses which have been used, family. I cite that complete selfless sentatives, and almost uniformly we

and where necessary will recommend service of Brother Ashton, as an example have heard nothing but commendation new courses in order to follow a preof the fully devoted service of these from stake presidents for the excellent determined outlined and accepted course committee members as they work beservice these auxiliary representatives for children from three years of age to hind the scenes. I wish time would perhave rendered at stake conferences. The

adulthood. This complete outline of mit me to name them all. Sunday School and MIA will attend

subjects to be taught at all ages has been As I think of the dedication of these conferences during the third and fourth reviewed and presented to the Presibrothers and sisters, I have thought quarters of the year. These auxiliary

dency and the Twelve, and now becomes often of something that is reported to representatives will give leadership the plan which these "task"committees have been said by the late President training to stake leaders in separate will follow. J. Golden Kimball. He was asked on meetings throughout Saturday, and then

With each of these committees, I one occasion how many people worked to priesthood leaders in the evening, should like to make a special mention in the Church Office Building, and his and then participate, under the direcof the four brethren who serve as our answer was, "Oh, about a third of tion of stake presidents, in the general executive secretaries, who have done them."At least, we can say to you that sessions on Sunday, to bring their resuch tremendous work: Brother Antone these folks represent the "third"of spective auxiliary programs to the body

K. Romney, Brother Reed L. Bradford, which Brother Kimball was speaking of the Church. These stake conferBrother B. West Belnap, Brother a thoroughly dedicated "working third."ences, attended by auxiliary representaVaughn E. Hansen, and previously Chart #3. In this next chart you tives will take the place of what have

Brother Dan Ludlow, with Carol H. will note the auxiliary advisers shown been called heretofore, the annual auxCannon as their secretary. Night and at the top and underneath the auxiliary iliary conventions.

day and throughout these years they advisers on the chart, the four auxChart #4. The next chart shows four

have been excused from all other church iliaries, or five, if you count the YWMIA other phases of the work, you will noassignments, and while carrying out and the YMMIA as separate organizatice. Under the First Presidency and

their own schoolwork as professional tions: Relief Society, Sunday School, the Twelve, General Authorities will

JUNE 1963 S03 be sent out to stake conferences, alterfirst unto the Gentiles and then to eral Authorities in some respects as do nating with the general auxiliary boards, the Jews;"the auxiliary boards in the matter of

and you will notice at the bottom of Then finally, "Whereas other officers call and release.) The priesthood welfare

the chart the four phases of work which of the church, who belong not unto the committee will have as chairman the will be stressed when the General AuTwelve, neither to the Seventy, are not Presiding Bishop of the Church, as was thorities come. under the responsibility to travel among announced by President Moyle today,

In the first two quarters of this year all nations, but are to travel as their when the general officers of the Church welfare work and genealogy work were circumstances shall allow, notwithwere sustained, with an Assistant to the stressed and will be stressed to the end standing they may hold as high and Twelve as the managing director and of the second quarter. For the last responsible offices in the church."others as an administrative staff and

half of the year, missionary work and (D&C 107:3334, 98.) committee who will work with him.

what we are calling "Home Teaching"And if you will think of the place As we study the appointments of these will be stressed by General Authorities of the Assistants to the Twelve, you brethren, we think that at some stake and their associates. will begin to see how the Lord very conferences, in foreign countries, one

We will speak of "Home Teaching"clearly in that last quotation opened brother might give attention to both in just a moment. up the possibility of that very kind of programs by going before and staying

Chart #5. Now with this next chart appointment, just as the Lord had said a day after the conference. We may

I want to pause a moment to illustrate there would be, "other officers not of find some committee members who can something of our procedure, as we have the Twelve neither the Seventies—notteach one program for the first half of

developed the correlation program, step withstanding they may hold as high the year and another program for the by step. You will notice here again, and and responsible offices in the Church."second half, if his personal affairs perto you who are listening, the First PresiWorking with the Twelve, then, serving mit. This is all being studied by the

dency at the top of the chart, and under Twelve to see what can be done to

Presidency,the the AuthoriGeneral ties, will notice in and then you a subSEA GARDEN increasecosts to aefficiencyminimum.and to keep travel

ordinated position the words, "general BY ETHEL JACOBSON Chart #6. Here now we will show

inpriesthood parentheses, of introduction the board"and what we are lies revealed you garden shimmering the out calling the priesthoodstemming from the A box showing Teaching Home bay, In the shallows of the or priest- (generalGeneral Authorities This is a program program. which we

hood board,) you will see four commitWhere under floating fronds of kelp are going to study now in great detail tees who will assist the General AuthorBright creatures dart and play. as we come out to your stake conferities: a priesthood missionary committee, Here eel grass lifts its emerald stalks ences, so I shall only speak in headlines

a priesthood welfare committee, a As amber seaweed towers, here tonight. To you who are listening,

priesthood Home Teaching committee, Where, lazing in the filtered light, at the top of the page we say "Priestand a priesthood genealogical commitAre perch as gay as flowers. hood Correlation."It is a Home Teachtee. All of these programs, therefore, Like flitting, burnished marigolds, ing organization chart.

are to be priesthoodcentered. Like deepsea butterflies, This new program is to be introduced

brought this recommendawe When

Firsttion Presidency to the designating They whisk among the waving ofand1963taughtand duringwill betheinauguratedlast two quartersin full a general priesthood board in a superstrands scale, January 1, 1964. This phase of

visory position, President McKay made Where the placid current plies—the work is known as "Home Teaching."

a very significant statement to the effect This gauzewinged legion that paThis designation was made after prayerthat, years ago, when the committee of trols ful discussion by the Coordinating the Twelve on which he was then workThe silent world of crystal shoals. Council and by the First Presidency and

ing with a similar problem had the Twelve to emphasize an enlargement suggested the setting up of a general of the scope of responsibility previously priesthood board, President Joseph F. as a general priesthood board assisted in what we have called "Ward TeachSmith had said, "You have a general by others of the General Authorities, ing."Emphasis on the responsibilities

priesthood board. You as the Quorum will be these four subcommittees, of the entire priesthood to "watch over

of the Twelve Apostles, constitute the priesthoodcentered, directed by the the Church"as commanded in the early priesthood board."general priesthood board which is, as revelations—to be concerned with the

In that naming of the Twelve as the President Joseph F. Smith had described, whole family as a group and as

general priesthood board, the President the priesthood responsibility of the individuals.

of the Church was but repeating in Twelve. A member of the Twelve will In each stake there will be set

essence what the Lord had said. Let be the chairman of each such commitup a Home Teaching committee as you

me read you three brief verses. tee, with an Assistant to the Twelve as will see at the top of the chart which

"The Twelve are a Traveling Presid- a managing director, and others to form will consist of the stake presidency, the ing High Council, to officiate in the an administrative staff, with committee general secretary for Home Teaching, name of the Lord, under the direction members who will serve as members who will be one of the high councilmen of the Presidency of the Church, agreeon each of these committees who may who is also a member of the stake Melable to the institution of heaven; to be thought of as field representatives. chizedek Priesthood committee, and an

build up the church, and regulate all There probably will be as many as assistant stake clerk for Home Teaching.

the affairs of the same in all nations, twenty or twentyfive on each comUnder the supervision of the stake first unto the Gentiles and secondly mittee. (These will be full church Home Teaching committee, as the chart

unto the Jews."service time associates but not required shows, in each ward there will be a

Then this reference to the Seventy: to give full time as do the Assistants ward Home Teaching committee, con-

"The Seventy are to act in the name of to the Twelve and the other General sisting of the ward bishopric, an asthe Lord, under the direction of the Authorities, i.e., they are to be released sistant ward clerk for ward teaching,

Twelve or the traveling high council, in from other church assignments conflictand a high priest's group leader, the building up the church and regulating ing with this assignment. They will seventy's president or group leader, and

all the affairs of the same in all nations, function under the direction of the Genthe elder's president. Now this will

504 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA constitute the core of those who now "Home Teaching is one of our most centered, priesthoodcentered responsiwill go out to "watch over the Church."urgent and most rewarding opportunities bility in which every member of the

Priesthood group leaders will confer to nurture and inspire, to counsel and priesthood is expected to function.

with the bishop, and the bishop will in direct our Father's children in all that No one holding the priesthood is to turn determine who shall be assigned to pertains to life. Through the priesthood be exempt from a bishop's assignment

work with certain families. These Home quorums, and under the Bishop's directo work in this program.

Teachers will then report back to their tion, Home Teaching takes the message President Joseph F. Smith must have

priesthood group leader or president, of the gospel, the message of life and been of the same opinion because he who in turn, will report to the bishop. salvation and brotherly love, into the said: "Brother Charles W. Penrose is

Chart #7. This chart will show you home, wherein lies the first and foremost eightytwo years of age. I am going on

the high priests, who as senior comopportunity for teaching in the Church. seventysix... and I want to tell...

panions, so far as is practicable, will "Three things should be kept in mind you that we are not too old to act as work with high priests. They may be in thorough preparation for Home teachers, if you will call on us to do it,

in some cases accompanied by an Teaching: not one of us.... So long as life lasts,

Aaronic Priesthood member, and they "First, a knowledge of those whom you and so long as we possess ability to do will visit the homes of high priests or are to teach. As each family is different good, to labor in the upbuilding of Zion

high priests'widows. from another, so each individual in the for the benefit of the human family,

The seventies at the top of the page, family differs from others. Methods and we ought, with willingness, with alacrity

or group leaders, will be assigned so far messages should vary according to each to yield to the requirements made of us as practicable to work with seventies individual, and according to his probto do our duty...."

as senior companions, with possibly a lems and needs. Just one final thought. When this

junior companion from the Aaronic "To perform fully our duty as a Home correlation plan, thus far developed, was

Priesthood. They will visit the homes Teacher we would need to be confinally presented, President McKay

of seventies and their widows, and so tinually aware of the attitudes, the made this statement. "This is not only

with the elders. activities and interests, the problems, a wonderful step forward but a bound

Chart #8. Now on the next page you the employment, the health, the hapforward. My soul rejoices! I think the

will see the Aaronic Priesthood. The piness, the plans and purposes, the whole thing is glorious! We can all see

general secretary over 21 will work with physical and temporal and spiritual opportunities for the priesthood to bethe home teachers, advisers to the needs and circumstances of everyone come active and as quorums also: I

Aaronic Priesthood over 21 as senior of every child, every youth, and every think this is growth. It warms my soul!"

companions, and visit the homes of adult in the homes and families who And all of us who have been priviAaronic Priesthood over 21 and the have been placed in our trust and care leged to work in the correlation studies unordained. as a bearer of the priesthood and as a feel as the President has expressed himOn the opposite side you will notice representative of the bishop. self. Each step forward, however, opens

in the writing something that is very "Second, is a knowledge of what you up a new vista of new responsibility, so significant. Auxiliary leaders will assist are to teach. It is the Home Teacher's that we feel something like the great

priesthood leaders in the Home Teachduty to teach that Jesus the Christ is empire builder, Sir Cecil John Rhodes, ing program as directed by the stake and the Redeemer of the World, and that who said in his last and dying words, ward priesthood leadership. This meetJoseph Smith and his successors are after a lifetime of great accomplishing of priesthood and auxiliary leaders prophets of God, and that the gospel ments, "So little done, so much to do."

will constitute what will be called the has been restored, and that The Church That is the way we feel about it. "So

Ward Council. You stake presidents have of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is little done, and so much that lies yet

been holding a monthly meeting with being divinely led and offers happiness ahead."We must expect opposition,

this group of ward leaders. This meeting eternal life and exaltation for all who and sometimes that opposition may

has been known by different names are willing to learn and to live its princome from inside, but remember what ward officers meeting, ward faculty ciples. The earnestness of your testithe Prophet Joseph Smith our early

—butmeeting,willwardnowcorrelationbe knownmeeting,as a Wardetc. monywill helpand givethe sinceritylife and ofpurposeyour serviceand a leaderproachessaid:the"TheLord,nearerthe a greaterperson theapCouncil meeting where representatives desire for full fellowship in the Church power will be manifested by the Adof all auxiliaries may be invited to to those whom you teach. versary to prevent the accomplishment

meet with priesthood representatives. "Third, is a knowledge of how we are of his purposes."One of the brethren,

In cases of special need, this chart exgoing to teach. If we may take some President John Taylor, said he heard

plains the bishop will make adjustments language from the Doctrine and Covethe Prophet say, "You have all kinds in assignments as necessary; for examnants, and apply it to this purpose: The of trials to pass through, and it is quite

ple, there may be women assigned to Home Teacher should 'visit the house of as necessary for you to be tried even as go with their husbands on occasion or each member'and 'teach, expound,'and Abraham, and other men of God,"and there may be called specialists from exhort them to pray vocally and in said he, "God will feel after you, he priesthood or auxiliary organizations secret and attend to all family duties will take hold of you and wrench your where they are having a particular and 'watch over the Church always, and very heartstrings, and if you cannot problem with a boy or girl or a man be with and strengthen them'—and this stand it you will not be fit for an inor woman, as the case might be. means always—however and whenever heritance in the Kingdom of God."

Now with those few charts in mind, and with whatever may be necessary. Well, now may I close with a stateif the lights can be put on, let me make "Home Teaching is a divine service, ment, paraphrasing what the Lord said

just one or two closing comments. In a divine call. It is our duty as Home through the Prophet Joseph Smith to his

the instruction book, which will be put Teachers to carry the divine spirit into associates in the priesthood of the in the hands of all leaders, President every home and heart. To love the Church: "Brethren, shall we not go on

McKay has prepared a foreword in work and do our best will bring the in so great a cause? Go forward and not

which he has stressed these very things unbounded peace and joy and satisfacbackward. Courage, brethren, and on,

we are talking about. This is what tion of a noble, dedicated Teacher of on to victory,"for which I pray humbly

President McKay will say in his foreGod's children."and fervently we may do, in the name

word: "A Divine Service."Here, then, you will see a homeof the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1963 505 PARTICIPATION: THE WAY TO SALVATION

President Hugh B. Brown

of the First Presidency Brethren and fellow workers: to do—don't think that because they are of life has collapsed, but in the wreckOf the many groups we are asked to—they are trying to find something for age you may find the gold which canaddress from time to time, there is none us to do because they know there is only not be destroyed, not by the worst

more inspiring, but more humbling, one way to salvation, that is by active disaster, for the gold of life is imperishthan this body of priesthood, thousands participation. able and immortal. Search for it in the

of whom we can see and probably tens In all teaching—and one of the funcwreckage, for out of it you can mint

of thousands whom we cannot see. One tions of the priesthood is teaching new coins. Out of defeat arises the

approaches the responsibility of a few what the teacher is counts for more gold of life.

moments talk with deep humility and a than what he says. What we are as Priesthood involves presidency, auprayer for divine guidance. I shall speak members of the priesthood and as misthority, and power; it involves the right

for a few minutes only, as we are all sionaries in the field, at home or and duty under certain circumstances anxious to hear from President McKay. abroad, means more to those to whom to reprove others. You remember what

I certainly congratulate Brother Lee we go than what we teach. So my the Prophet said, "Reproving betimes

on his excellent presentation of a diffifirst thought is, let us be what we with sharpness,... and then showing

cult program, which has taken the comteach. The teacher and the truth taught forth... increase of love...."(D&C

mittee several years to work out. He should be of the same pattern. Let 121:43.) Let us be very careful about

has been trying to get us to see it in each one be an example to all whose this matter of reproving, and yet part just a few minutes and has done a lives we touch; let us recognize in all of of our duty is to see that there is no

very good job of compressing into those our fellow workers some value, some iniquity in the Church. Again I say,

few minutes what could well occupy worth, and never forget that each one let us be careful how we trample on the several hours. of them has a heart, has feelings, has feelings of our brothers and sisters. Let

Among other things I have been imambition, has a certain amount of pride; us lift them and bless them and benefit

pressed by the fact that it is not easy therefore, let us never by virtue of the them as we go forward and never be to be a Latterday Saint. I notice these priesthood or the positions we hold guilty of humiliating them or causing

charts call for work, work, work on the trample on the rights or the feelings of them to think that we do not apprepart of all concerned. In some churches, our fellow men; let us never be sharp ciate their work.

one man, as has already been indicated, in what we say to them by way of critiThe next thought I'd like to leave does most of the work. In this Church cism, but let us be kindly, considerate, with you is that we must not be deall of us are expected to participate. and have in our hearts a love for our ceived by the boom in numbers and

Another thing that impressed me as I fellow men, for in each one of them dollars and buildings going on in the listened to Brother Lee's explanation of there is value. Church. We thank the Lord for them,

this program that will be carried for- I read something this morning I'd but they are not the main part of our ward under the direction of the Presilike to leave with you. Every human work. All we need to say on that is

dent of the Church is that it provides life has in it more or less gold which is that the body without the spirit is dead.

opportunity for everyone who is willing usually not readily apparent to the casAs we go forward in the special work to make some contribution to the cause. ual observer. Kindness is a part of that of the priesthood, which is missionary

We recognize in the Church a cause gold, the gold of the spirit, that part work both for the living and the dead, which is greater and more important which is known to others because it has and as we carry the gospel to our friends than we are as individuals, and in it we lessened their burdens and made their who are not members of the Church, enjoy the fellowship of our brethren pathways lovelier. The man who has let us try to keep things in proper balwho hold the priesthood. Unless we gold in his life has something that is ance. The revealed order is faith and

with them can cooperate in advancing bigger than anything that can happen then repentance and then baptism. A

that cause, we shall not make a sucto him. He doesn't worry about defeats Baptist minister was heard to say about

cess of this program. We should all or obstacles or sorrows, for he knows some of his own people recently that

give to this committee not only a vote these are but froth on the river of life the church had recruited some people of thanks by expressing it in words but to last but a brief time and then be who had been starched and ironed be- a vote of appreciation by putting into blown away. What matters is not the fore they were washed. I think we

operation the work as here outlined and froth, but the strong, pulsating, onmight take a lesson from that thought as it will be more fully explained as we going current in the river, which is and convert the people before we bapgo forward. Let no one of us feel or never disturbed by the leaves floating tize them.

say or think that the brethren are just up at the quiet eddies of the surface. Let us read from the Doctrine and

trying to find something more for us One day you may find that your house Covenants with respect to priesthood.

PHENOMENAL GROWTH OF LDS EDUCATIONAL FACILITIES

OF THE ISLANDS President Henry D. Moyle

of the First Presidency

President McKay visited Laie in Hawaii Islands. He saw Hawaiian, Chinese, and with his hand over his heart pledged

in 1921 with President Hugh }. Cannon Japanese, Korean, and Caucasian chilhis allegiance to the flag of the United

[of Liberty Stake.] This was part of dren and mixed racial strains. They all States. It was at that moment that

their world tour. It was the flagraising with fervor saluted our flag without a President McKay was inspired ulticeremony at the little school in Laie trace of racial disparity. mately to see to it that a college would

that inspired President McKay to im- A little Japanese boy, it is reported, be built at Laie. This spot had already

prove the educational facilities of the stepped into the center of the circle been dedicated as a spiritual center,

506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This is a section with which you are casionally the oath and the covenant side the mother, habitually as time goes more or less familiar, but I never hesitate which each of us has taken. All on responds to the bell and knows that

to refer again to that which has been who have been baptized and all who it is the call of duty. When the colts

referred to so often any more than I hold the priesthood are under coveare three years old, they are placed in would hesitate to invite a friend to come nant to do and refrain from doing a corral, a pole corral that they can to my table when I had only the things certain things. We must remember see through. They are left there three

that we usually serve at the table. We and keep our covenants, one of which days and nights without food or water.

do not complain much because we do is that we be willing to give of ourAt the end of the third day hay and not have something different at every selves, our means, and all that we grain and water are placed just outside meal. We enjoy that which is set behave to the upbuilding of the Church the corral. You can imagine the eagerfore us if we have an appetite for it. and kingdom of God. ness of the young colts as they look

The Lord said: Young fellow workers, deacons and through the bars at the food and water.

"... whoso is faithful unto the obteachers and priests, we who are growWhen the gate is opened the young

taining these two priesthoods of which ing older have great confidence in you, colts rush out, and just as they are about

I have spoken, and the magnifying their based upon what we believe to be a to reach the food and water, the calling, are sanctified by the Spirit unto fact, that you would not now be holding bell rings. Only those of them that

the renewing of their bodies."(Ibid., the priesthood unless God had thought have stamina enough to respond to

84:33.) you worthy of it and unless he had the bell and resist the urge of appeBrethren, I bear testimony to the fact something for you to do. Each one of tite are kept for the breeding stock of

that that promise has been realized in you young men who is listening tonight the future.

the lives of many of us. I know that it has a future. What that future is to be Brethren, as we go forward, we behas been realized in the life of President will depend upon your attitude toward come increasingly aware of the fact

David O. McKay, that he has been sancyour calling, your faith in yourselves, that there is a bell which rings very

tified by the Spirit unto the renewing your belief that there is some gold in frequently throughout life. Sometimes

of his body, and some of the rest of you. It is important that you young men become unresponsive or hard of

us are better off today than we were men and all of us try to refine that hearing and disregard the bell to their many years ago so far as physical health gold by active participation and not wait own sorrow. You young men are going

is concerned—and we attribute that fact until the house is burned down, and we to hear it many times between now and

to his blessing. have passed through the fire. It is the time you are our age. We plead

"They become the sons of Moses and very important that every young man with you to resist the call of appetite of Aaron and the seed of Abraham, and make up his mind that he is going to and passion and hearken to the bell the church and kingdom, and the elect respond to the voice of conscience, that which is your conscience. If you are

of God. he is going to be true to himself and tempted to do wrong, there will always

"... also all they who receive this not yield to the downdrag of any enbe something within you saying, "Don't

priesthood receive me, saith the Lord; vironment in which he may find himself. do it."Hearken and respond to that

"For he that receiveth my servants May I tell a story to illustrate the bell, and you will be worthy of the conreceiveth me; point that a man must respond to his fidence that the President of the Church

"And he that receiveth me receiveth better self if he is going to be a worthy has in you, worthy to take over the my Father; holder of the priesthood. The story is responsibilities now held by your fathers,

"And he that receiveth my Father retold that the Arabians, when they are your brothers, your leaders.

ceiveth my Father's kingdom; therefore training their horses, put them to a final God bless you and all of us that we

all that my Father hath shall be given test of character and stamina. It is said may cooperate with the General Auunto him. that the finest of the Arabian horses thorities, with the stake and ward and

"And this is according to the oath which are kept for breeding stock are mission authorities, and be responsive their admonitions. to to are colts the they time covenant which belongeth to the trained fromand

bell interpriesthood. The Church—youris growing in rings to a respond Church which and my Church

"Therefore, all those who receive the mittently at the tent of the master. numbers and influence with an accelepriesthood, receive this oath and coveWherever they are and whatever they rating speed beyond anything that we

nant of my Father, which he cannot are doing, they must run to the tent of who are older could have imagined in break, neither can it be moved."(Ibid., the master when the bell rings. Their our youth. I am grateful for and testify

84:3440.) mothers were taught it before them, and to the truth of the restored gospel in the

It is important that we consider octhey respond, and the colt, running bename of Jesus Christ. Amen.

and President McKay was inspired with hona College, Tonga; Church College of which the Church building program dethe desire to dedicate it as an educaWestern Samoa; Mapasaga High School, veloped. The missionary building protional center also, and since 1951 the American Samoa; five primary schools gram found its origin in a spiritual

following schools have been built in in these areas; and one primary school impression, a revelation, if you please, to

the Polynesian area: is now being built in Tahiti. a future President of the Church. It

The Church College of Hawaii; The It was the building of some of these is still the desire of President McKay

Church College of New Zealand; Liasmaller schools in the Pacific from to bring the full church program to all

JUNE 1963 507 members of the Church everywhere. He to cope with the growth?"vidually, or as a Church, should be

emphasizes two things: the need of the President McKay thought a moment, fully dedicated to the advancement of

Holy Ghost, and the need of the full not unlike the thinking of President the work of the Lord. As holders of

church program to assist us, the memSnow in St. George, depicted by the the priesthood we know the Lord has

bers of the Church, to do our full beautiful picture shown us last evening said, "For whoso is faithful unto the church duty. And I am sure that it is at the bishops'meeting, The Windows obtaining these two priesthoods of which

going to take both dedication and devoof Heaven, for he received light and I have spoken, and the magnifying their tion on the part of all of us to carry understanding from heaven and procalling, are sanctified by the Spirit unto out the great church program. phetically uttered: "We have been waitthe renewing of their bodies."(D&C

I want to say that President McKay, ing for this day in the Church for a 84:33.) But that is not accomplished

who was sustained as our leader twelve hundred years, this tremendous developby those who do not pay their tithes.

years ago, has done as much as any ment in our membership. Now that Just remember that, and we do not

mortal man could do, in laboring for day has come, we must be prepared to become the sons of Moses and Aaron the individual interest of every memtake care of the membership of the and of the seed of Abraham and of the ber of the Church. Church; if we are faithful and obedient Church and kingdom, and the elect of

to the accomplishments do are phenomof the Lord, 'God The not obey commandments his comGod when we

It willenal. provide.'of the was during a meeting mandments; and through any when

expenditures committee on April 17, I had occasion last night to talk to reasons that we may have of our own 1962 that a report of the vast building the bishops, for which I was grateful, we seek to withhold that sacred tenth program of the Church projected for upon the subject of tithing. It is my of our increase which belongs to the

the future, tremendous in its scope, was humble testimony to you that the Lord Lord, we exclude ourselves from the given, and the anticipated growth of the has set the pace, and we cannot look class spoken of in the eightyfourth secchurch membership was estimated, that back. Christ said, "... No man, having tion of the Doctrine and Covenants, and

the question was asked: "How in the put his hand to the plough, and looking that is likewise true of the other passage

world can we continue to finance this back, is fit for the kingdom of God."that I wanted to read about, "And also

kind of building program, even as it (Luke 9:62.) all they who receive this priesthood reis needed to house the membership and Whatever wealth we have indiceive me, saith the Lord;"(Ibid., 84:35.)

PRIESTHOOD AND QUORUMS SUPPLY INITIAL NEED

President David 0. McKay

While listening to the profound presenin the Church. Every male member in priests who are present tonight. Presitation of the correlation work in this the Church from twelve years up to 112 dent Brown was right when he said the

Church, two thoughts came to my mind years, as one man celebrated his birthofficers of the Church are expecting which I wish to emphasize. day yesterday, has a place in the you young men to carry on the work

First, I hope you all visioned clearly quorum—twelve deacons, twentyfour that is presented this night. There are

the quorum work in the Church and teachers, fortyeight priests, ninetysix two things we should like you to do:

its relation to what Brother Lee preelders; and high priests gathered under each one keep his faith in God, and

sented. There are quorums in the the ecclesiastical group in your stake. have moral courage—not just physical

Church independent, in a way, so far Where we do not have that number we courage—moral courage. I know that

as spiritual work and service is conhave groups. In every ward we have some of you are just like a man who

cerned, of the ecclesiastical organization deacons, teachers, and priests, and in the wrote a letter the other day saying, "I of the Church, and those quorums supstakes, the elders, seventies, and high have lost my faith. Can you help me?

ply a spiritual need which the world priests. What is there hereafter? I am afraid

seeks to obtain in secret societies. I Now, each quorum has a duty to perthere is nothing hereafter. Can you

think they make it more effective, howform. The presidencies have a responsihelp me?"

ever, than we do in the Church. bility to sit in council with them and to Well, I know for what he is yearning.

One day Brother [Hugh J.] Cannon teach them their duty—the quorum work. He wants to know for sure that death

and I were on the vessel leaving the Not the bishop, not the stake presidency does not end this life, and that the soul northern part of Africa, and as the vessel—that is the duty of the quorum. within will live eternally. I shall just

pulled out into the ocean, I strolled And so I saw, while Elder Lee was say to him, and to you young men, along the deck. I noticed a stranger presenting this work of teaching correwhenever you are doubting the existcoming toward me. I could see by his lating work, the duty of the individual ence of God or your own immortality,

face that he recognized me and expected members of each quorum. remember what the Savior said to those

me to recognize him. For the life of I was pleased the other day to receive who doubted him: "If any man will do

me I knew I had never seen him before, an old minute book. I thank somebody his will, he shall know of the, doctrine,

but he still -came forward with that for sending it to me so that I could whether it he of God, or whether I recognition and grasped my hand with look through it. This minute book speak of myself."(John 7:17; Italics

a special grip. He immediately dropped came from Ogden where we used to added.)

my hand, and said: "Excuse me."Then have our deacons'quorum presidency's Now, that is the keynote to every man

I knew. I was wearing a stick pin, a meeting, talking there in a neighbor's living. Do the will of God. If any

gift from Sister McKay, upon which house, then deciding that it was our man will do his will he shall know for was engraved a star and crescent. This duty to chop the wood for the widows himself. There is an opportunity every

man recognized the sign, gave me the of the ward. My point is that the day of our lives to do that will. Each

grip, but I could not return it. responsibility of the entire Church rests young man has an opportunity some

We do not object to the world's holdupon the men who are members of day to do as his Father has asked him ing those special convenient means of these quorums. to do. The young men here tonight

soul intercourse. It is friendly. It is I should just like to say a word now have heard the words of scripture, and

helpful. But we have the same thing to the deacons, the teachers, and the you will have opportunities tomorrow to

B08 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA But I say unto you tonight, my brethreceived from God, and it all takes I know with all my heart and soul ren, in all seriousness that whosoever funds. that President McKay's stewardship of

magnifies these two priesthoods gives to How grateful I am that we have the funds of the Church has been in the Lord a full accounting for his tenth President McKay living so close to God keeping with the will of the Lord, and and does it willingly. They do it bethat he knows where these funds should for the advancement and progress of his

cause they love to serve the Lord and be placed and what we should accomwork here upon this earth. It will be

keep his commandments. We are not plish with them. How grateful I am more pleasing to the Lord when he sees

seeking to receive tithes from anyone not only for the building program but fit to return to this earth to have the unless they are paid as the offerings of also for these great spiritual men whose greatest number of souls saved than to

Abel were made originally to the Lord, work in the building of our chapels is look at any financial statement of the and then all of these promises are ours. just as spiritual as it is temporal. I am Church that could possibly exist.

We should always remember our obligrateful for the short wave radio. I am I testify to you that the work now gogation to give to the Lord the tenth grateful for everything that the Presiing forward under our beloved prophet

which is his. dent has initiated because I know he is a is in accordance with the wishes of our

"I, the Lord, am bound when ye do prophet of God, and he is inspired and Lord and Master, Jesus Christ, and I what I say; but when ye do not what I acts in accordance with the mind and pray that every one of us who respects

say, ye have no promise."(Ibid., 82:10.) will of our Heavenly Father. these two priesthoods which we hold

Therefore, I feel confident saying that How simple it is for you and me as will uphold and sustain him and find these blessings which are predicated members of the priesthood to see that reasons why we should pay a full tithing. leaders as are I said the accumulated, of the Church, As funds by which these holding our two greatupon

last night, will of tithing always should storehouse preach the Lord and we of be enjoyed by thepriesthoods God can

It said, inspire preside in those of old over be filled. was Alma we who whom

us when we account to our bishops for "For behold, this life is the time for our wards and stakes and branches our tithes and offerings. There must men to prepare to meet God; yea, bethroughout the world to account to the

always be in the Lord's storehouse suffihold the day of this life is the day for Lord for that which belongs to him.

cient funds for the President of the men to perform their labors."(Alma I pray this humbly in the name of the

Church to carry out every inspiration 34:32.) Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

be untrue to yourself or to the instrucwho decided to be an apprentice in one jacket and a clear conscience. You may

tions given today. God will prompt you of the carpenters'societies. He was a soil my jacket if you wish, but you shall

what to do. You say, "Well, I do not bright young boy in his teens, and the not soil my character."

know yet that he lives."Yes, you do! men were very glad to admit him. They He had been trained—I use that

You cannot prove that he does not; and said, "Come on, let's drink to the word properly—not only taught, but

if you doubt it, believe those men who entrance of this young man to our trained to avoid the use of tobacco and know, if you have confidence in them. group!"They poured out the beer, strong drink, intoxicating liquor. That

You are studying in your schools, and handed him the glass. is what I mean by moral courage. The

you have probably read the words of He said, "No, thank you, I do not greatest need in the world today is faith one of the essays of reputedly the wisest drink."in God and courage to do his will.

American who ever lived, who said, "Well,"said a gruff old member, God help us as young men to prepare "Oh, my brothers, God exists! There is "we're not going to have any teetotalers ourselves for the responsibilities await-

a soul at the center of nature... so in our group."ing us. God help us all to keep our

that none of us can wrong the Universe. "Well,"said the young boy, "you'll consciences clear, our characters sound,

There is guidance for each of us, and have one if you have me."responsive to the whisperings of the

by lowly listening wc shall hear the Another seized him by the collar and Holy Spirit, which is real, if we shall right word."said, "Young man, you'll have this beer but put our ears and listen to it as the

When that word comes to you—call either inside or outside!"wisest American suggested, I pray in the

it conscience, or, if you are in the "Very well, I came here with a clean name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Church and doing your duty, the whisperings of the Spirit, because you are entitled to be a partaker of it—then be

true to that whispering, and some day you will know for yourself that you are in harmony with the universe.

Peter was quite a doubtful man as he grew to manhood before he knew Christ, but long afterwards he was praying and said that we have been made partakers of the divine nature. (See 2 Peter 1:4.)

He knew it, and you will know it some day if you will do the will, be true to self.

Now, I said courage is a second need, not physical courage, but moral courage.

Let me illustrate: James L. Gordon, the

author of The Young Man and His

Problems tells the story of a young boy

JUNE 1963 Sunday Morning Session, April 7, 1963 THE RESTORED GOSPEL OF JESUS CHRIST

Eldon Nathan Tanner of the Council of the Twelve We have just listened to a Prophet myths is a number of ethical principles, Magdalene stood weeping at the tomb of God.* but not necessarily taught by him, but he comforted her; and as the ten aposAs I stand before this great taberpartly so, perhaps with spurious additles stood discussing the fact that the

nacle assembly and the vast radio and tions made by his followers in the earlier Resurrected Christ had appeared to television audience listening in, I humdecades following his death."(J. Reusome of them, "... Jesus himself stood

bly pray that the spirit and blessings of ben Clark, Jr.) in the midst of them, and saith unto

the Lord will attend us as we reason We believe that Jesus was a real them, Peace be unto you.

together. person and that those who appraise "But they were terrified and afIt is my hope that I might answer him as being half mythical and refuse frighted, and supposed that they had

one or two questions which people in to accept him literally as the Son of seen a spirit.

the world are asking about our beliefs God or who portray Christ as a great "And he said unto them, Why are and teachings, such as: philosopher, as the founder of a proyou troubled? and why do thoughts

Are you Christians or do you believe found code of ethics, but deny him the arise in your hearts?

in Christ? divine parentage and sonship of God, "Behold my hands and my feet, that

Do you believe and accept the Bible drag Christianity down to the level of it is I myself: handle me, and see; for

to be the word of God? paganism and completely wipe out the a spirit hath not flesh and bones, as

How do the teachings of your church true God and his plan of redemption ye see me have."(Luke 24:3639.)

differ from ours? for his children. They are actually tryThomas, who was not present at this

I shall endeavor to answer these quesing to destroy him as Jesus the Christ time, refused to believe that Christ had tions briefly by quoting from and dealand, therefore, are guilty of his rebeen resurrected and had appeared to ing with some of our Articles of Faith: crucifixion. We believe that he actually the ten. He said, "... Except I shall see

First, "We believe in God, the Eternal did the work and taught the doctrines in his hands the print of the nails,...

Father, and in His Son, Jesus Christ, that are recorded in the Gospels; that and thrust my hand into his side, I will

and in the Holy Ghost.""We believe he was, in fact, Christ the Son of God not believe."One week later, however,

that through the Atonement of Christ, the Eternal Father and that the account Jesus appeared to the apostles when all mankind may be saved, (and that of his conception, birth, life, death, and Thomas was present and said, "...

they may gain eternal life or exaltation) resurrection are all as factual as any in Thomas, Reach hither thy finger, and by obedience to the laws and ordinances all history. behold my hands: and reach hither thy

of the Gospel.""We believe that the We believe as recorded in Matthew hand, and thrust it into my side: and be

first principles and ordinances of the that "... Jesus went about all Galilee, not faithless, but believing."Thomas

Gospel are: first, Faith in the Lord Jesus teaching in their synagogues, and answered and said unto him, "My Lord

Christ; second, Repentance; third, Bappreaching the gospel of the kingdom, and my God."(John 20:2528.)

tism by immersion for the remission of and healing all manner of sickness and Also, it is recorded in the Book of sins; fourth, Laying on of hands for the all manner of disease among the peoMormon, which we believe to be the

gift of the Holy Ghost."Also, "We beple."(Matt. 4:23.) word of God, that after his resurrection

lieve all that God has revealed, all that We believe with John that "... God he appeared to the people on the AmeriHe does now reveal, and we believe that so loved the world, that he gave his can continent. When he appeared to these

He will yet reveal many great and imonly begotten Son, that whosover bepeople, they heard a voice which said portant things pertaining to the Kinglieveth in him should not perish, but unto them, "Behold my Beloved Son, in dom of God."have everlasting life."(John 3:16.) And, whom I am well pleased, in whom I

Though we are commonly called Moras he himself said, "I am the way, the have glorified my name—hear ye him.

mons, I should like to emphasize that truth, and the life: no man cometh unto "... and behold, they saw a Man

this is The Church of Jesus Christ of the Father, but by me."(Ihid., 14:6.) descending out of heaven; and he was

Latterday Saints, of which Christ is the And again through his Prophet, "... clothed in a white robe; and he came

chief cornerstone. verily, verily, I say unto you, he that down and stood in the midst of them;...

Referring to our belief in the King receiveth my gospel receiveth me; and he "And it came to pass that he stretched

James translation of the Bible, we bethat receiveth not my gospel receiveth forth his hand and spake unto the lieve that the Gospels of the New Testanot me."(D&C 39:5.) We believe as people, saying:

ment contain the life history of Jesus Paul said, "... I am not ashamed of the "Behold, I am Jesus Christ, whom the

the Christ who had a real personality gospel of Christ: for it is the power of prophets testified shall come into the

11:7-10.) mortal, part taughta (3 Nephi to every one that world."unto salvation He God divine—who man—part

his mortals children took little born as ordinary the people, are bornwas on believeth"; (Rom. 1:16.)

and moved about on the earth as mortal The power of God unto salvation is knees, and blessed them and rejoiced man moves, but who had certain supernot just a moral code of living based and wept with them. This is the Christ

mortal experiences, who mingled with on attributes of the Savior, but it is the in whom we believe.

his fellow mortals, and who lived and means essential to salvation. We believe We have another beautiful testimony

died as they did. These Gospels of the that though Christ was so brutally cruwhich has been referred to several times

Bible contain the record of that man cified, he willingly gave his life for you during this conference of the reality of who is literally the Son of God. and me that we might be raised from God, the Father, and his Son Jesus

Some cannot accept Jesus as this kind the dead and go back into the presence Christ as told by a young boy, Josephof person, but contend that—"he is a of our Father in heaven and be judged Smith, not yet fifteen years of age who

half mythical person who may have according to our deeds; that he was lived on the American continent just a

had an actual existence with some life literally resurrected; that his body and little over a hundred years ago and

experiences, but not those recorded in spirit were reunited. This is establater became God's prophet here in this

the Gospels and who claim that these lished by the testimony of those who last dispensation. There was a great

experiences are myths in their miracuactually saw him and talked to him, not religious revival going on where he lous elements, and that around these by one or two, but by many. As Mary lived, with each church vigorously

This address immediately "followed the Sunday morning sermon of President David O. McKay. See

page 462.

510 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA proselyting for members. I shall give people and men of high standing took saying, "... Suffer it to be so now: for

you his testimony in his own words by notice of him and excited the public thus it becometh us to fulfil all rightquoting therefrom: mind against him until all sects united eousness...."(Matt. 3:15.) If there

"While I was laboring under the exto persecute him. However, he mainshould be any uncertainty in the minds

treme difficulties caused by the contests tained throughout his life, to his dying of any who profess to be Christians as of these parties of religionists, I was one day, that he had seen a vision and that to the importance of the gospel and its day reading the Epistle of James, first he could not deny it because by so doing ordinances, they should be able to get chapter and fifth verse, which reads: he would offend God and come under a clear, definite answer from the final

If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask condemnation. charge which Jesus gave to his disciples

of God, that giveth to all men liberally, Two or three years ago while travelin his last words of admonition to them, and upbraideth not; and it shall be ing with Lord Rowallen, Chief Scout of "And Jesus came and spake unto them,

given him. the British Commonwealth, I was saying, All power is given unto me in

"Never did any passage of scripture thrilled with his comment as he led a heaven and in earth.

come with more power to the heart of group of scouters in the Scout Promise. "Go ye therefore, and teach all naman than this did at this time to As he repeated "On my honor I promise tions, baptizing them in the name of the

mine.... to do my duty to God"he paused and Father, and of the Son, and of the

"At length I came to the conclusion said, "As I make this promise I think of Holy Ghost:

that I must either remain in darkness a God who can and does hear and 'an- "Teaching them to observe all things and confusion, or else I must do as swer prayers, who is interested in what whatsoever I have commanded you: and,

James directs, that is, ask of God.... we are doing and who will guide us lo, I am with you alway, even unto the

"So, in accordance with this, my deand bless us according to our needs end of the world "(ibid., 28:1820.)

termination to ask of God, I retired to and our faith."And then he made this The Savior also said, "... seek ye first

the woods to make the attempt.... significant statement, "If any of you the kingdom of God, and his righteous-

"I kneeled down and began to offer cannot believe in such a God, you can ness; and all these things shall be added

up the desire of my heart to God.... serve better some place else."unto you."(Ibid., 6:33.)

Thick darkness gathered around me, What a glorious feeling of satisfaction In order to make effective these and it seemed to me for a time as if I and security it is to know that God and ordinances which are so essential acwere doomed to sudden destruction. Jesus Christ actually live, that Christ cording to the words of the Savior him-

"But, exerting all my powers to call is the real genuine person portrayed in self, it logically follows that they must upon God to deliver me... I saw a the Bible and in modern scripture, who be administered by those having authorpillar of light exactly over my head, lived among and taught the people and ity to administer the ordinances. We

above the brightness of the sun, which blessed the children and the sick, before maintain that that authority is on the descended gradually until it fell upand after his crucifixion and resurrecearth today as predicted by Daniel on me. tion, and that he was interested in their wherein he said, "And in the days of

"... When the light rested upon me welfare as he traveled from place to these kings shall the God of heaven

I saw two Personages, whose brightness place! Also, what a great strength it is set up a kingdom, which shall never

and glory defy all description, standing to our children to know that we know be destroyed: and the kingdom shall not

above me in the air. One of them spake that he lives, and to know that God will be left to other people, but it shall

unto me, calling me by name and said, give liberally to each and all who propbreak in pieces and consume all these pointing to the other This is My Beerly come to him. "But let him ask in kingdoms, and it shall stand forever."

loved Son. Hear Him! faith, nothing wavering. For he that (Daniel 2:44.) Again, after the Savior

"... No sooner, therefore, did I get wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven had been on the earth and completed

possession of myself, so as to be able with the wind and tossed."(James 1:6.) his work here, John the Revelator made

to speak, than I asked the Personages His great commitment to us is "I, the this significant statement, "And I saw who stood above me in the light, which Lord, am bound when ye do what I another angel fly in the midst of heaven, of all the sects was right—and which say; but when ye do not what I say, having the everlasting gospel to preach

I should join. ye have no promise."(D&C 82:10.) unto them that dwell on the earth, and

"I was answered that I must join none V/hy would anyone prefer to think of to every nation, and kindred, and of them, for they were all wrong; and him as a mythical being or as a great tongue, and people,

the Personage who addressed me said... philosopher, but deny that he is literally "Saying with a loud voice, Fear God,

'they draw near to me with their lips, the Son of God? and give glory to him; for the hour of his

but their hearts are far from me, they Having faith in Christ is essential to judgment is come: and worship him

teach for doctrines the commandments our salvation, and it is our responsithat made heaven, and earth, and the of men, having a form of Godliness, bility and privilege to repent of our sins sea, and the fountains of waters."

but they deny the power thereof.'and follow him. Peter, on the day of (Rev. 14:6-7.)

(Joseph Smith 2:1119.) Pentecost when he was asked, "... Men I wish to bear my testimony to all

Though this young boy had gone into and brethren, what shall we do?"anthose who are within the sound of my

the grove to ask God which church he swered, "... Repent, and be baptized voice this day that that angel has

should join, he came away with a every one of you in the name of Jesus flown and that the everlasting gospel definite knowledge and testimony that Christ for the remission of sins, and lias been restored and that his Church

God and Jesus Christ are in reality ye shall receive the gift of the Holy has been reestablished upon the earth

Living Beings who had heard his Ghost."(Acts 2:3738.) The Savior and that the power to administer these

prayers and appeared to and instructed himself said, "Verily, verily, I say unto ordinances has been restored in these him. As he told his experience to the thee, Except a man be born of water the latter days and that the prophecy

people in the community, it seemed and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into made by Daniel is being realized and that though he was but an obscure boy the kingdom of God."(John 3:5.) the one by John has been fulfilled. The

with no standing in the community, the Christ himself was baptized of John power of the priesthood, which is the

JUNE 1963 311 power of God delegated to man to act was Joseph Smith chosen in these the and some, prophets; and some, evangein his name and officiate in the latter days and called of God as his lists; and some, pastors and teachers;

ordinances of the gospel, was conferred prophet, seer, and revelator. Instruc- "For the perfecting of the saints, for

upon two young men, Joseph Smith and tions and authority to organize The the work of the ministry, for the edifyOliver Cowdery, by those ancient aposChurch of Jesus Christ of Latterday ing of the body of Christ:

tles Peter, James, and John. The heavSaints was given to him by Jesus Christ, "Till we all come in the unity of the

ens are as open today as they were in the and through him the gospel in its fullfaith, and of the knowledge of the Son days of Peter and James and John and ness was restored. This gospel is being of God, unto a perfect man, unto the

Paul and all the rest of the old apostles. preached throughout the world by mismeasure of the stature of the fulness

God still answers the prayers of the sionaries and members of the Church of Christ:

righteous, still reveals his will through who wish to share with the people "That we henceforth be no more a prophet to the established Church of throughout the world this glad message children, tossed to and fro, and carried

Jesus Christ. Yes, as Adam and Noah of the restored gospel. The Church of about with every wind of doctrine, by

and Abraham and Moses had been Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints believes the sleight of men, and cunning craftichosen by God in the grand council in in and has the same organization that ness, whereby they lie in wait to deheaven as his prophets in the respective existed in the primitive Church as is ceive"; (Eph. 4:1114.)

dispensations in which they lived, so recorded, "And he gave some, apostles; These missionaries are preaching the

EVIDENCES OF THE RESURRECTION

Howard W. Hunter -A

of the Council of the Twelve

We approach the season of the year "No man taketh it from me, but I lay his statement was this:

which marks the anniversary of one of it down of myself. I have power to lay "The hour of departure has arrived,

the most significant events of all time. it down, and I have power to take it and we go our ways, I to die, and you

It was one of the many events of nearly again. This commandment have I reto live. Which is better God only

two thousand years ago which divides ceived of my Father."(John 10:1718.) knows."

history into two segments—that which In spite of his teachings there was Those who have a steadfast faith in a

took place before the death and resurlack of understanding, and despair fell Personal God, who have a yearning to rection of the Savior and the happenings upon the little group of his followers. keep his commandments and a hope for

of the two millenniums since that time. Some who had been the most devoted a future life, will carefully and meticuThroughout Christendom this coming had forsaken him and fled. The sun lously examine the evidence for the

week, thoughts will turn to the little rose and set on Saturday, the Jewish resurrection of Jesus Christ. Those, on

walled city on a hill in what was once sabbath, and in the early hours before the other hand, who lack this faith and

Palestine. Jerusalem has been known the dawn on that first Easter Sunday, see only the mechanical laws which are

as the "City of Peace,"yet scarcely a while the Roman guard was keeping the subject of experimentation and proof decade in its history has gone by withwatch, a marvelous event took place. will either reject the evidence on the

out wars or bloodshed. Its history is "And, behold, there was a great earthgrounds that it lacks positive proof or

one of conquest and change—the Babyquake: for the angel of the Lord dewill say it is insufficient. For a few

lonians, the Jews, Greeks, Romans, scended from heaven, and came and moments let us consider the claims of

Arabs, the Crusaders, the Turks. John rolled back the stone from the door, those who have attempted to refute the

the Baptist walked its streets; great kings and sat upon it."(Matt. 28:2.) evidence of the resurrection of Christ.

and rulers of Bihle fame lived in this In the darkness of the early morning As soon as the guardsmen at the tomb ancient city. Mary Magdalene and the other devoted had recovered from their fright, they

To Christians everywhere, as spring women, the last to leave the cross, were reported the happenings to the chief comes again, there is the reminder of the first to reach the sepulchre, bringing priests who were Sadducees, a sect which the one who came to earth with the messpices and ointment for the body of the had discredited and firmly denied the sage of peace, yet was condemned in Master. Here they saw the angel and possibility of resurrection. The chief

Jerusalem for his teachings, convicted were afraid, but he said to them: priests paid the guards a large sum of

and sentenced to die by crucifixion, "... Fear not ye: for I know that ye money to say: "... His disciples came

what Cicero called "the most cruel and seek Jesus, which was crucified. by night, and stole him away while we

hideous of tortures."After execution "He is not here: for he is risen, as slept."(Ibid., 28:13.)

of judgment and death on the cross, he said. Come, see the place where It would seem incredible to believe

the body was placed in a tomb prepared the Lord lay. that all of the soldiers were sleeping,

for the dead. "And go quickly, and tell his disciples knowing they could be put to death

Those who knew him best did not that he is risen from the dead;..."for sleeping at their post, but if they

fully realize his purpose for being with (Ihid., 28:5-7.) had been sleeping how would they have

them, nor did they understand the Many questions come to men as they known it was the disciples who had testimony of the ancient prophets that travel through this mortal realm, but stolen him away? The facts indicate the

the Master would give his life and be the one of greatest concern to many is hoax was not on the, part of the resurrected, that all men should overthis: Is it true we will be resurrected disciples of Christ as claimed, but on

come death and the grave and live again. and live in a future life? Man in his the part of those who had openly deRepeatedly Je:,us had made mention scientific quest can only trace life to nied, prior to this time, the possibility

of his impending death and resurrection the moment of death, beyond this his of resurrection from the dead.

and on one occasion said: research produces no tangible evidence. There are some who claim the body

"Therefore doth my Father love me, Socrates, who lived before the time of might have been stolen by the gardener, because I lay down my life, that I may Christ, argued that the soul of man is the Sanhedrin, Mary Magdalene, Pitake it again. immortal, yet, when sentenced to death, late, the Sadducees, or any number of

512 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA same simple truths that were taught by Repentance; third, Baptism by immerby the power of the Holy Ghost.

Christ while he was on the earth, the sion for the remission of sins; and "And by the power of the Holy Ghost

first and great commandment being fourth, Laying on of hands for the ye may know the truth of all things."

"... Thou shalt love the Lord thy God gift of the Holy Ghost."(Moroni 10:4-5.)

with all thy heart, and with all thy We believe that God still speaks to The gospel message is sweet; it is a

soul, and with all thy strength, and with his people on the earth today and that message of peace and goodwill; it is the

all thy mind; and thy neighbour as the Church is being led by a prophet one and only thing that will bring peace

thyself."(Luke 10:27.) These missionof God through whom the Lord speaks. to the world; it offers a plan of life and

aries and the members of the Church I would exhort you, as did Moroni in salvation to all who will accept it. May

are prepared through prayer and by the the days of old, when he said: "And the Lord cause that every soul seeking

power of the Holy Ghost to bear testiwhen ye shall receive these things, I the truth shall come to the testimony mony that they know that God lives, would exhort you that ye would ask that God lives, that Jesus is the Christ, that Jesus is the Christ, and that his God, the Eternal Father, in the name of and the gospel has been restored in its

Church is headed by a prophet. Christ, if these things are not true; fulness, and that Christ's Church is

Also, that the essential "... principles and if ye shall ask with a sincere heart, here upon the earth today with a

and ordinances of the Gospel are: first, with real intent, having faith in Christ, prophet at its head is my prayer in the

Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ; second, he will manifest the truth of it unto you, name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

other persons. Wouldn't it seem reaof Jesus Christ was regarded as one of were afraid."One of the fundamental

sonable to assume that as soon as the the foundation doctrines of the early rules of evidence is that the disagreeapostles began to proclaim that Christ church and was taught to all converts ment of the witnesses in matters of dehad arisen from the tomb, or when "first of all."tail does not invalidate their testimony

those who saw him after the resurrecOne of the best authenticated writings as to the principal facts to which they tion declared this fact, that the persons in the New Testament is the First Genagree. The question then to be resolved

who had taken the body would come eral Epistle of t Peter in which he conis whether or not the testimony contains forward quickly to deny the resurrection firms the statements of Paul. We can such variance in the material facts as

by producing the body or explaining add the testimony of two other apostles, to discredit the main issue.

why it was taken? No such denial or Matthew and John, and in a lesser It would make no difference if there

explanation was ever made. was one angel or two angels at the

Another theory which has been adtomb. The fact that he was arisen would

vanced and perhaps the weakest of all not be changed by whether the women is that did not Jesus die on the cross SUDDEN WONDER thedid orresurrectiondidn't bringitself.the news concerning lapsed or fainted intobut unconsciousness. It seems absurd to think that a BY IDA ELAINE JAMES The testimony of those who saw him

living person would be buried. The as a living person after his death has

resurrection of thevery he day walked

it road Doeson the to Emmaus. seem Just a flash of wonder neverat leastbeenten contradicted.or eleven times:He appearedto Mary

reasonable that one with pierced feet Can set my heart aglowMagdalene and the other women in the and the wound of the spear in his side Orchard flight of bluebird, garden, to the two disciples on the road would be making such a journey? The A cardinal in the snow. to Emmaus, to Peter at Jerusalem, to the

facts themselves refute such a theory. apostles when Thomas was absent and

It is important to know the belief of Just a flash of wonder again when he was present, to the aposthe first Christians on the subject of Can loosen spirit wings tles at the Sea of Galilee, and on a the resurrection of Christ, particularly And free in sudden magic mountain to over 500 brethren at once, at living of the Lord, of the brother his death.those the time to James and If A thousand springs!

of to writings at the of turn to the the apostles time the Paul as docuwe mentary evidence, we will find the anascension.

swer. Nearly all critical scholars admit We can come to only one conclusion,

the genuineness of the principle epistles the resurrection is a historical fact of Paul. He said to the Saints at amply proved by authenticated docuCorinth: "For I delivered unto you first degree, Luke and Mark gave accumulamentary evidence and the testimony of

of all that which I also received, how tive evidence. competent witnesses. The manmade

that Christ died for our sins according Some critics point out what appears theories devised to discredit are without to the scriptures; to be discrepancies in the testimony of substantiation, and any discrepancies in

"And that he was buried, and that he some of these witnesses. Luke and John the narrative are too slight to be given

rose again the third day according to the relate the presence of two angels at the weight.

scriptures": (1 Cor. 15:3-4.) tomb while Matthew and Mark mention The walled city still stands on the

Then speaking of the other apostles only one. The first three gospels indihill, silently reminding the Christian

he said: "Therefore whether it were I cate the angels were seen by the women, world of the reality of the resurrection.

or they, so we preach, and so ye bebut according to John, by Mary Magda- I bear witness that Jesus is the Christ, lieved."(ibid., 15:11.) lene alone. Luke and Matthew state the resurrection and the life, and he

Paul's teachings are identical with the the women brought the news that the that believeth in him, though he were teachings of the other apostles. We are tomb was empty, while Mark states dead, shall live, in the name of Jesus

assured, therefore, that the resurrection "they said nothing to anyone for they Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1963 813 PRINCIPLE WITH A PROMISE Boyd K. Packer

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

In 1833 a revelation was given by the ice, for temple endowments or temple tobacco as the killer in lung cancer,

Lord to the Prophet Joseph Smith known marriage. and the indictment for accident, death,

as the Word of Wisdom, given as a You who are young members of and moral mischief returned against principle with a promise. This printhe Church full well know that prealcohol are so well substantiated that

ciple has not been neglected by the liminary to such a call you will hardly anyone would wish to act as leaders of the Church nor abandoned be interviewed, and the question will attorney for the defense when these two by them. It has been reaffirmed vigorbe put to you directly, "Do you malefactors are brought to trial.

ously as one theme of this conference, keep the Word of Wisdom?"If you The Word of Wisdom offers protecfor we have learned that however much must confess that you do not, and tion to your body. Part of the promise

a generation of people learn a truth, it if there is reasonable doubt that reads: "And all saints who remember to

must be rediscovered by each succeedyou can honor a commitment to live keep and do these sayings, walking in ing generation. the principle, your opportunity may be obedience to the commandments, shall

It is to the young people of our genwithheld from you. receive health in their navel and mareration that I speak. Some may regard You may have difficulty, my young row to their bones;

as trivial the assignment to speak to friends, understanding why the Lord "And shall run and not be weary, and young people. I consider it otherwise should require his servants to hold so shall walk and not faint."(D&C

and sense the meaning of an appeal stedfastly to this rule, particularly when 89:18,20.)

made by the late President J. Reuben the use of alcohol, tobacco, and hot But the greatest loss in failing to obClark, Jr., in speaking to the teachers drinks is practised so commonly in the serve the Word of Wisdom is not what

of the Church. "May he,"President world, and when we seem to run the may happen to your lungs or to your

Clark said, "give you entrance to the risk of driving many fine young people brain or to your coordination. There is

hearts of those you teach and then make from activity in the Church. Some another "why"much more important

you know that as you enter there you say we are too persistent in stressing even than this.

stand in holy places."this principle—that indeed it has been No doubt you have noticed that some,

Some young people, not members of overstressed. who have achieved socalled success,

the Church, may not be acquainted A principle with a promise such have not kept the Word of Wisdom; for

with the revelation known as the Word as this could hardly be overstressed. instance, you may know a businessman

of Wisdom. It is simply this, a law of It may well have been stressed in who provides generously for his family,

temperance. In it we are counseled by a negative way, emphasizing only and you know that he does not. Or

the Lord to refrain from: the use of the "Don't."you may know of a political figure

alcoholic beverages—any of them, to- A father, censuring his little son for who seems to command the vote of the

baccodrinks—understoodin any form,by theand Churchfrom hotto sometion frommischief,the boy.demanded"Why,"an explanahe said Youpeoplecouldin spitehardlyof knownescape intemperance.the example

mean those with habitforming potenwith exasperation, "did you do such a of the movie queen—fair in face and

tial, specifically coffee and tea. thing?"The little lad was thoughtful figure—who makes no effort to hide

Members of The Church of Jesus for a moment, then, "If I'd had a 'why,'her dissipation. Or the athlete who has

Christ of Latterday Saints are expected Daddy, I wouldn't have done it."run up impressive records, yet openly

to live this principle. It isn't always easy to give you a endorses one brand or another of these

The Lord has directed that observance "why"for everything. But we owe it injurious agents.

of this principle is a condition of memto you of the coming generation to do He seems to run without fainting, bership for one seeking baptism into more than just say, "Don't!"There you reason, and bewildered you may

his Church. For the member of the are several "whys"for the Word wonder "Why?"How can this princiChurch, compliance with this law is a of Wisdom. ple be so intensely important when so

prerequisite for the bestowal of the The first "why"concerns the effect many people—some of them who have

priesthood, for a call to missionary servupon your body. The case against been taught otherwise—abuse the prinRIGHTEOUSNESS EXALTETH A NATION

Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the Twelve

"Righteousness exalteth a nation:..."our spiritual background as a nation Lincoln during another time of crisis

(Prov. 14:34.) This statement of eternal and today's spiritual needs. as he said humbly: "I have been driven

truth from Proverbs appeared on the For, truly, "Righteousness exalteth a many times to my knees by the overflyleaf and the last page of a booklet nation: but sin is a reproach to any whelming conviction that I had noat each plate at the President's Prayer people."(Idem.) where else to go."

Breakfast in the Grand Ballroom of the The beautiful old print which hangs George Washington acknowledged

Mayflower Hotel, February 7, 1963 in in Carpenter's Hall, Philadelphia, came God's direction and stated: "Of all the

Washington, DC. This annual breakfast to mind. It is captioned "The First dispositions and habits which lead to

is sponsored jointly by the US Senate Prayer in Congress, September 1774."It political prosperity, religion and morand House of Representatives Prayer depicts most of the members of that ality are indispensable supports....

Breakfast Groups and the International Congress on their knees with our first Reason and experience both forbid us

Christian Leadership Conference. President as leader. to expect that national morality can

As I listened to the prayers, readings I recalled the terrible winter at Valley prevail in exclusion of religious princifrom the Old and New Testaments, and Forge and General George Washington ple."(Washington's Farewell Address.)

messages from government and nonon his knees in the snow, praying for Lincoln knew that God rules in the government leaders, I reviewed hurriedly divine aid. I thought of the words of affairs of men and nations. He

514 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ciple and yet seem immune from bondage. Nine plagues were called friends, why we stress so strongly this

any penalties? You, my young friends, forth upon Egypt, but none of them principle? It is not, certainly not, to

have a greater calling than that in the softened the Pharaoh's heart. The Lord drive any of you from activity in the

business world, or as a political figure, said then unto Moses: "... Yet will I Church, but that your blessings may

or as an athlete. Your opportunity is bring one plague more upon Pharaoh, be full. Some have said of you who are

not so much in what you will conand upon Egypt; afterwards he will let young that you are attracted to the

tribute materially but in the influence you go hence:... low standard, to the easy course, to the

that you may have spiritually. "For I will pass through the land of careless way. I say they who would sell

To those who keep the Word of Egypt this night, and will smite all the youth so cheaply do not know you.

Wisdom the promise is given of "... firstborn in the land of Egypt,... and Some of you who are young, and

wisdom and great treasures of knowlagainst all the gods of Egypt I will many perhaps who are older, have unedge, even hidden treasures;..."execute judgment: I am the Lord."wittingly been tampering with, or have

(Ibid., 89:19.) Our spiritual senses are (Ex. 11:1; 12:12.) become addicted to, the use of alcohol,

more delicately balanced than any of Under a strange requirement, Israel tobacco, or hot drinks. Probably you

our physical senses. Like a fine radio was to escape this judgment. They feel estranged, even rejected, by the

receiver with a sensitive tuning mechwere instructed to take a lamb, a male Lord and by his Church.

anism,,they can easily be thrown off of the first year, without blemish. It If you only knew how he yearns to

channel or, even jammed by corrosive was to be slain and prepared as a feast. open the flood gates of blessings. How

influences introduced into our minds They were instructed to take of the he cries for you as did David for and bodies. blood of the lamb and strike it upon Absalom, "... my son, my son!"

You, my young friends, can be sensithe doorposts of the houses, "And the (2 Sam. 18:33.)

tive to inspiration and spiritual guidblood shall be to you for a token upon We make no apologies for holding to ance. To do this you need the wisdom the houses where ye are: and when I a standard that the Lord has set.

and treasures of knowledge—they consee the blood, I will pass over you, and In this ominous day when spiritual

stitute a spiritual confirmation, your the plague shall not be upon you to strength is so desperately needed, we testimony of the truth. To have this destroy you,..."(Ibid., 12:13.) And it invite all youth to come where a

witness fulfils the promise of the Lord. is recorded that the plague of death was standard is kept, where the challenge

To.be denied it is the penalty. visited upon Egypt from "... the firstis great, where much is required, where

is lived. is of sat gospel the that his throne yet another born Pharaoh on There "why"—perhaps

I firstborn of captive that of all. the bear witness the important untothe In the fourth most that God lives, that

verse of the revelation we read: "Bewas in the dungeon;..."(Ibid., 12:29.) Jesus is the Christ, that he is the Lamb

hold, verily, thus saith the Lord unto But Israel, because of the blood of the of God, crucified that men might live.

you: In consequence of evils and designs lamb, was spared, for the plague of Though we suffer mortal death, through

which do and will exist in the hearts death passed over them and did not the blood of the Lamb we have amnesty of conspiring men in the last days, I slay them. from spiritual death if we keep the

have warned you, and forewarn you, by Remarkable, is it not, that in addicommandments of the Lord, for it shall giving unto you this word of wisdom tion to the other promises offered to pass over us and not slay us. Thisby revelation—"(Ibid., 89:4.) This is a those who observe the Word of Wisdom, witness may come to you even in your

solemn—even frightening warning. But we find in the last verses of the revelayouth. On the basis of this personal

in the promise we are offered protection. tion this additional promise: "And I, testimony I commend to you the Word

To understand, we turn in the Old the Lord, give unto them a promise, that of Wisdom, which is not only a code

Testament to the account of the ten the destroying angel shall pass by them, of health, but quite as much a key to plagues of Egypt. as the children of Israel, and not slay spiritual wisdom—a principle with a Moses and Aaron were negotiating for them "(D&C 89:21.) promise—in the name of Jesus Christ.

the release of the Israelites from Can you understand now, my young Amen.

world—Itsolemnly isdeclared:the duty "Godof nationsrulesas wellthis withoutWashington.the Bible,"said George reportscrime record—overrevealing theseventeeneverincreasingpercent

as men to own their dependence upon "The Bible is the rock on which this increase in the nation's capital in 1962 the overruling power of God, to conRepublic rests,"Andrew Jackson proalone. I recalled our shockingly defiant

fess their sins and transgressions in claimed. record of drunkenness and immorality

humble sorrow... and to recognize The fathers of our country had to and the fact we have become a nation

the sublime truth that those nations turn to religion in order that their new of pleasureseeking Sabbath breakers.

only are blessed whose God is the Lord."experiment make sense. My thoughts turned to our homes

The founding fathers knew that As I left the prayer breakfast, bidding and families—our everincreasing divorce

"... where the Spirit of the Lord is, goodbye to many warm friends, I rate—the alarming increase in sexual

adultery. is even liberty."greatness of the Cor. 3:17.)there thought (2 of America—The We sin—infidelity—yes,

quiet, and clever greatest live in a day of slick, world's States of power. During and the America beganUnited

lives as a result of faith in God. The World War II she outproduced both sins. It is made easy to cover up.Bible has been and is the foundation her enemies and allies—"the American I recalled the solidarity of the homes

for this faith. Miracle."of long past when family prayer, daily

"It is impossible to govern the world But I also recalled the latest FBI devotion, the reading of the scriptures,

JUNE 1963 515 aa

and the singing of hymns was a comAmerica's heritage...."retelling disturbs the ease and quiet of a

mon practice in American homes—Are we slipping from our moorings, luxurious error. Today seems to be

practice which, I am sorry to say, has all becoming soft, carelessly drawing away such a time. On such occasions, the

but disappeared today. from the course which has brought us criticism, slander, misrepresentation that

I became saddened as I reviewed evisuch priceless blessings in days past? one gets, are of no consequence."

dence of a lessening of moral stability, David Lawrence, editor of the U.S. ("Some Elements of Postwar American

honor, integrity, love of country—News y World Report has said: "The Life"—1-2445. Address to the Utah

seeking for the honors of men, of somedestiny of the world is in the hands of Woolgrowers Ass'n.)

"... today government has touchedthing for nothing—the tendency to lean those statesmen who can interpret faithmore and more on government, the fully the commands of the Almighty."our lives so intimately in all their relaresult of our everincreasing demands, Can our national leaders do this? Can tionships and all these governmental

even though often economically, sothey interpret faithfully the commands touchings have been so tabbed as politicially, and spiritually unsound. of the Almighty? Can we as citizens of cal, that we cannot discuss anything

There has been a nationwide erosion this blessed land? Can we as people of relating to our material welfare and

of individual character. Jefferson's the free world? Do we believe that existence without laying ourselves liable

words still ring true: "Material abun- "righteousness exalteth a nation,"that to the charge that we are talking polidance without character is the surest way there is safety only in righteous living? tics."(Deseret News, "Church Section,"

to destruction."I recalled how proudly Fortunately, today we are not left in June 16, 1945, p. 4.)

in generations past, we spoke of the darkness. We have a guide, not only "I have been preaching against Com-

"American way of life."the Holy Bible, but added modern munism for twenty years,"said PresiThen, I saw thirty million door knob scriptures. And of the utmost imdent Clark, over twenty years ago. "I

hangers being distributed by the Boy portance for us today, we have the counstill warn you against it, and I tell you

Scouts, setting forth our political and sel and direction of living oracles. This that we are drifting toward it more

economic rights in an effort to stimucounsel, this direction—in fact the mesrapidly than some of us understand,

late patriotism in this choice land. As I sage of the fulness of the restored gospel and I tell you that when Communism

read this message from Freedom Founis being carried to the world by 12,000 comes, the ownership of the things dation and the Boy Scouts of America, ambassadors of the Lord Jesus Christ. which are necessary to feed your fami-

I thought of our basic American conAnd what is this message? It is a lies is going to be taken away from us.

cepts, our constitutional government, world message of the utmost importance. I tell you freedom of speech will go,

based on a fundamental belief in God. It is that God has again spoken from freedom of the press will go, and free-

I became alarmed as I reviewed what the heavens. The priesthood and audom of religion will go.

has happened in our schools under sothority to act in his name has been "I have warned you against propacalled "progressive education."What restored again to men on the earth, ganda and hate. We are in the midst

about the loss of patriotism, faith in following centuries of darkness. The of the greatest exhibition of propaganda

God, and the teachings of character fulness of the everlasting gospel is here that the world has ever seen, and all building principles once so much a part with all of its saving principles. To directed toward one end. Just do not

of our education? We have all but these facts I bear humble witness. believe all you read."(Conf. Rep.,

"forced Americanism out of the classThe prophets of a new gospel dispenOctober 3, 1941, p. 16 and Ward Teachroom to make way for temporary trivialsation have counsel for us today—couning Message, July 1961.)

ities."(DeLove.) sel on matters which concerned the "The plain and simple issue now fac-

I remembered President Joseph F. Founding Fathers—freedom, liberty, ing us in America is freedom or

Smith's warning of the three dangers to righteousness which "exalteth a nation."slavery....

the Church from within, viz., the flatDo we believe and accept their coun- "Our real enemies,"said President

tery of prominent men, sexual impurity, sel, or have we drifted away from Clark, "are communism and its running and false educational ideas. (Gospel those basic concepts and principles, mate, socialism....

Doctrine, p. 312.) without adherence to which, no nation "And never forget for one moment

Then there came to me the words of can be exalted. Elder Albert E. Bowen, that communism and socialism are state

that courageous American patriot J. said: "That which is right does not slavery....

Edgar Hoover: "Today as never before, become wrong merely because it may be "... one thing seems sure, we will not

America has need for men and women deserted by the majority, neither does get out of our present difficulties without who possess the moral strength and that which is wrong today become right trouble, serious trouble. Indeed, it may

courage of our forefathers—modernday tomorrow by the chance circumstance well be that our government and its

patriots, with pride in our country and that it has won the approval or been free institutions will not be preserved faith in freedom.... adopted by overwhelmingly predomiexcept at the price of life and blood....

"Too often in recent years, patriotic nant numbers. Principles cannot be "... the paths we are following, if

symbols have been shunted aside. Our changed by nor accommodate themwe move forward thereon, will innational heroes have been maligned, selves to the vagaries of popular sentievitably lead us to socialism or comour history distorted. Has it become a ment."(Conf. Rep., April 4, 1941, p. 85.) munism, and these two are as like as

disgrace to pledge allegiance to our flag As a fitting conclusion to my review two peas in a pod in their ultimate—or sign a loyalty oath, or pay tribute I sought the words of modernday effect upon our liberties....

to our national anthem? Is it shameful prophets. They have said much by way "We may first observe that comto encourage our children to memorize of counsel and warning for our guidance munism and socialism—which we shall

the stirring words of the men of '76? today. I turned to one who has been hereafter group together and dub

Is it becoming opprobrious to state 'In called "a seer in the area of governStatism—cannot live with Christianity,

God we Trust'when proclaiming our ment"and who has stood closest to the nor with any religion that postulates a love of country? prophet of the Lord—the President of Creator such as the Declaration of Inde- "What we desperately need today is the Church—longer than any other man pendence recognizes. The slaves of

patriotism founded on a real underin Church history. I speak of President Statism must know no power, no austanding of the American ideal—a dedi- J. Reuben Clark, Jr., and I quote: "There thority, no source of blessing, no God,

cated belief in our principles of freedom, always comes a time when unpleasant but the State....

and a determination to perpetuate truths must be retold, even though the "This country faces ahead enough

816 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA trouble to bring us to our knees in humful teaching of facts regarding comjob, and his citizenship responsibility.

ble honest prayer to God for the help munism as an enemy to God and to Each of these areas should receive conwhich He alone can give, to save us.... individual freedom."(Ibid., March 13, sistent attention although not necessarily

"Do not think that all these usurpa1954, p. 3.) equal time. Are we doing our duty in

tions, intimidations, and impositions are President McKay has called comthese important fields? What about our

being done to us through inadvertency munism the greatest threat to the citizenship responsibility—our obligation

or mistake; the whole course is deliberChurch today. (Press Conference, Hyde to safeguard our freedom and preserve

ately planned and carried out; its purPark Chapel, London, Feb. 24, 1961.) the Constitution?

pose is to destroy the Constitution and Because the latest words of God's The Prophet Joseph Smith said the our Constitutional government.... prophet are of extreme importance to time would come when the Constitution

"We have largely lost the conflict so the Latterday Saints, let me in concluwould hang as it were by a thread.

far waged. But there is time to win the sion, quote very briefly and humbly Modernday prophets for the last thirty

final victory, if we can sense our danger, from the counsel given by President years have been warning us that we and fight."(Deseret News, "Church McKay in the last three general have been rapidly moving in that direcSection,"Sept. 25, 1949, pp. 2, 15.) conferences. In October 1961 Presition. Fortunately, the Prophet Joseph

Thus spoke the ever forthright and dent McKay gave a stirring opening Smith saw the part the elders of Israel courageous President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. address on our American way of life would play in this crisis. Will there be

And finally, and most important of and the communist threat. He expressed some of us who won't care about saving

all, I turned in my review to the coungrief and shock over a Supreme Court the Constitution, others who will be sel of our beloved leader who has been decision and stated that the enemies to blinded by the craftiness of men, and an inspiration to me since boyhood, our Republican form of government are some who will knowingly be working to

President David O. McKay, God's becoming more blatant. destroy it? He that has ears to hear

mouthpiece on the earth today. "During At the close of the general conference and eyes to see can discern by the Spirit

the first half of the twentieth century,"last April President McKay emphasized and through the words of God's mouthsaid President McKay, "we have traveled that "men are rapidly classifying thempiece that our liberties are being taken.

far into the souldestroying land of selves into two groups: believers and The enemy is amongst and upon us.

socialism and made strange alliances nonbelievers."Then he quoted J. Zion must awake and arouse herself. We,

through which we have become involved Edgar Hoover's warning: "This nathe elders of Israel can be and should be,

in almost continuous hot and cold wars tion is face to face with the greatest the leaven in the loaf for freedom.

over the whole of the earth. In this danger ever to confront it, a sinister and Years ago, President Brigham Young

retreat from freedom the voices of prodeadly conspiracy, which can be constated, "We all believe that the Lord testing citizens have been drowned by quered only by an alert, informed will fight our battles; but how? Will

raucous shouts of intolerance and abuse citizenry. It is indeed appalling that he do it while we are unconcerned and

from those who led the retreat and their some members of our society continue make no effort whatever for our own millions of gullible youth, who are to deplore and criticize those who stress safety when the enemy is upon us?...

marching merrily to their doom, carrythe communist danger. Public indifferit would be quite as reasonable to expect

ing banners on which are emblazoned ence to this threat is tantamount to naremission of sins without baptism, as to such intriguing and misapplied labels tional suicide. Lethargy leads only to expect the Lord to fight our battles

as social justice, equality, reform, patridisaster. Knowledge of the enemy, without our taking every precaution to

otism, social welfare."(Ibid., October alertness to the danger, everyday patriotbe prepared to defend ourselves. The

18, 1952, p. 2.) ism are the brick and mortar with Lord requires us to be quite as willing to

"The fostering of full economic freewhich we can build an impregnable fight our own battles as to have Him dom lies at the base of our liberties. fortress against communism."(Conf. fight them for us. If we are not ready

Only in perpetuating economic freedom Rep., April 8, 1962, p. 125.) for the enemy when he comes upon us,

can our social, political, and religious In the last October [1962] conference we have not lived up to the requireliberties be preserved.... We must not President McKay said: "In these days of ments of Him who guides the ship of

let complacency blind our eyes to the uncertainty and unrest, libertyloving Zion, or who dictates the affairs of real dangers threatening to destroy us."people's greatest responsibility and paraHis kingdom."(Journal of Discourses

(Ibid., March 2, 1952.) mount duty is to preserve and proclaim 11:131.)

"Communism is antagonistic to the the freedom of the individual, his relaMay we as a free people face couraAmerican way of life. Its avowed purtionships to Deity, and the necessity geously the challenging responsibility

pose is to destroy belief in God and free of obedience to the principles of the which faces us. "All that is necessary for

enterprise,"declared President McKay. gospel of Jesus Christ. Only thus will the triumph of evil is that good men do

"In education for citizenship, therefore, mankind find peace and happiness."nothing."(Edmund Burke.) We are not

why should we not see to it that every He finished his address by urging us here to sit by complacently while our child in America is taught the superi- "to support good and conscientious birthright of freedom is exchanged for a ority of our way of life, of our Constitucandidates of either party who are aware mess of socialistcommunist pottage.

tion and the sacredness of the freedom of the great dangers inherent in com- I love this great land—the Lord's

of the individual. Such definite inmunism, and who are truly dedicated to latterday base of operations. I love the

struction is not in violation of either the the Constitution in the tradition of the free world. I love our Father's chilfederal or the state constitution.... founding fathers."(Ibid., Oct. 5, 1962. dren everywhere.

"I love the Stars and Stripes, and the P. 8.) God bless us in our stewardship. May

American Way of Life. I have faith in We cannot say that the prophet of we be at least as valiant for freedom

the Constitution of the United States. I the Lord has not warned us. President and righteousness, here and now, as we

believe that only through a truly eduMcKay has emphasized the dangers to were when we fought for these princicated citizenry can the ideals that our Godgiven freedom again and ples in the preexistence.

inspired the Founding Fathers of our again. Will we heed his counsel? Are There is no other safe way. For

Nation be preserved and perpetuated."we in harmony? Do we appreciate his "Righteousness exalteth a nation:..."

Then President McKay listed as one repeated warnings? Every Latterday (Prov. 14:34.)

of the four fundamental elements in Saint has spiritual obligations in four I bear you this witness, in the name such an education the "Open and forcebasic areas: his home, his church, his of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1963 817 Sunday Afternoon Session, April 7, 1963 THE MOST IMPORTANT MESSAGE LeGrand Richards of the Council of the Twelve

As we have listened to the announcetime and delivered them to the Prophet ble evidence that the world has to ments made by our worthy President Joseph Smith. reckon with in order to be able to acin the various meetings of this conferThe world doesn't change much. Hiscount for that book.

ence as to the extent to which the protory repeats itself. Jesus said in his day We are told in the scriptures—you

ceedings of the conference are being that they decorated the graves of the remember the words of Jesus on the way broadcast into the various missions and dead prophets, but they rejected the livto Emmaus as he talked with his disnations of the earth, we are impressed ing prophets. We have a precedent in the ciples. He said: "O fools, and slow of

with the privilege we have of living in Bible of a man who had lived upon the heart to believe all that the prophets this day and age when the Lord is earth and died and returned again with have spoken": (Luke 24:25.) And then

doing so much to cut his work short in a message from God, and when a man beginning with Moses and the prophets, righteousness. We were told in the returns with a message from God, he has he showed them how in all things the

newspaper the other night that there to deliver that message to someone whom prophets had testified of him. Peter

would be a possible potential listening God directs should receive it, and that tells us he opened their understanding audience of ninety million people to our individual would be none other than a that they might understand the scripconference. Some of us are old enough prophet of God. As Amos said: tures (Ibid., 24:45) and you remember

to have participated from this pulpit "Surely the Lord God will do nothing, what Peter said:

when we did not even have a public but he revealeth his secret unto his "We have also a more sure word of address system, when some of the servants the prophets."(Amos 3:7.) prophecy; whereunto ye do well that ye

brethren with weak voices could hardly Then you remember that when John take heed, as unto a light that shineth be heard under the gallery. Just think the Revelator was banished upon the in a dark place, until the day dawn,

of the difference! Isle of Patmos, the Lord sent his angel and the day star arise in your hearts:

Well, there are other developments in who showed John the whole history of "Knowing this first, that no prophecy this world in the day in which we are)'the world from the time there was war of the scripture is of any private interliving that are even more important than"in heaven and a third of the hosts of pretation.

these physical advancements, and that heaven were cast out, up to the final "For the prophecy came not in old is the spiritual advancement that has winding up scenes when there should time by the will of man: but holy men

come through the restoration of the be a new heaven and a new earth. He of God spake as they were moved by

gospel in our day, the committing to saw the dead, small and great, stand the Holy Ghost."(2 Peter 1:1921.)

this earth, according to the words of before God, and they were judged acAs I understand the Book of Mormon

Isaiah, of "a marvellous work and a cording to the things that were written and its teachings and the prophecies wonder."(Isa. 29:14.) The Lord said he in the books, according to their works. of the Bible, I think there are prophewould set his hand to do it in our time. When the angel had showed John cies in the Bible that no man in our

There is a reported statement made all these things, he fell down to worship day can explain properly and intelliby one of our nationally wellknown before the feet of the angel who said: gently without the information concommentators a few years ago in which "... See thou do it not: for I am thy tained in the Book of Mormon. This is a

he said that he had been asked what fellowservant, and of thy brethren the new witness from God for our day, for message could be broadcast to the world prophets, and of them which keep the the conversion of the Jew and the gentile that would be considered to be of sayings of this book: worship God."that Jesus is the Christ, the very Eternal

greater importance than any other. He (Rev. 22:9.) God, manifesting himself unto all nasaid that after giving the matter conHe was but a fellowservant of the tions. (See Book of Mormon title page.)

sideration he decided that to be able brethren of the prophets, which means So in the Book of Mormon we have to say to the world that a man who had he was an individual who had lived information that gives us to understand lived here upon this earth and had died upon this earth and was sent back with statements in the Bible which we could had returned again with a message from a message from God. not understand without the information

God would be the greatest message that In that same sense the Lord sent contained in the Book of Mormon. I

could be broadcast to the world. Moroni back. He did not come of his will give you a few illustrations of what

I believe that, and that is the message own accord. If Moroni's coming and I mean.

of this Church, and that is why we are what he brought were recorded in the When Moses gave a blessing to each a great missionary Church. If we have Bible, the Christian world would be of the twelve sons of Israel, he gave

a message to broadcast to the world, it willing to accept it, but because it comes Joseph a blessing of a new land in the should be something that the world is from a new prophet in our day and time, utmost bounds of the everlasting hills, not already in possession of, or else there they are slow as they were in the days and in describing that land, Moses used would be no reason for the Lord sending of the Savior in accepting the words of the word "precious"five times in just a one back to this earth who had already the living prophets. few verses in the Bible, telling what a

lived upon the earth and died in order One of the most tangible evidences marvelous land the Lord had for Joseph, that he might bring back a message. that Moroni actually did come and and he would be separated from his

As you brethren and sisters know, visit the Prophet Joseph is the Book of brethren. (Deut. 33:1317.)

that messenger that I refer to now was Mormon and its translation and what I do not believe there is anyone in

Moroni, who lived upon this land of it has contributed to the world. As I this world outside of this Church who

America as a prophet of God some four understand the Book of Mormon—and can tell where that new land is and can

hundred years after the birth of the by the way, I think Brother Kimball give an account of how the Lord fulSavior, who was the custodian of the gave us a marvelous description of it in filled the promises unto Joseph that he records that had been kept of a people his talk yesterday, and what it has to would be blessed in that land, even over a thousand year period; and he contribute to the world—as I think of above the blessings of his fathers. Who

hid them away, according to the comthat, I think it is an evidence that proves were his fathers? Abraham, Isaac, and

mand of the Lord and brought those that the story told by Joseph Smith that Jacob, and yet Moses promised Joseph records back to the earth in this day and Moroni did bring the plates is a tangiblessings even above the blessings of

518 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA his own fathers. I said, "Well, we know all about it,"these things when the Book of Mormon

Why do we know about it? Because and then I showed them that that was was published even before this Church

the Book of Mormon tells us how the the Book of Mormon the Lord promised. was organized, except for the fact that

Lord led a group out of Jerusalem into No man can believe the Bible withthe Book of Mormon is the promised this land of America who were descendout knowing there is a companion record record that God said he would bring ants of Joseph, and how he fulfilled his that the Lord of heaven said he would forth and join to the record of Judah.

promise and commanded that a record bring forth and join it with the record of How could anyone understand this should be kept. It seems incredible to Judah, which is the Bible that has reprophecy of Isaiah without the explanathink of the promises made to Joseph mained with us, and he would make tion contained in the Book of Mormon.

that the Lord would not have made them one in his hand. (Ezekiel 37: 1520.) There are more prophecies of the

provision that a record should have been You remember the words of Isaiah scriptures that we could not understand kept of the fulfilment of those promises, when he said: without the revelations of the Lord that

but that he did, and that record is the "Woe to Ariel, to Ariel, the city have come to us in the Book of Mormon.

Book of Mormon. where David dwelt! add ye year to The Book of Mormon stands, after one

There are other passages that also inyear; let them kill sacrifices. hundred and thirty years, without any

dicate the value of the Book of Mormon. "Yet I will distress Ariel, and there criticism as to its truth. Just think of a

Just to illustrate what I have in mind. shall be heaviness and sorrow: and it book of over five hundred pages being

I had the privilege of talking to a group shall be unto me as Ariel."(Isa. 29:1-2.) printed with a promise in it that when

of ministers just a few years ago by If you will read that thoughtfully, that book should come that if the perassignment from President McKay, and you will know that he not only saw the son receiving it would ask God, the

I quoted some of, these scriptures. I destruction of Jerusalem, but he saw the Eternal Father, in the name of Jesus

asked them if they knew why the verses destruction of another great center like Christ, that God would manifest the were in the Bible and if they knew of unto Jerusalem. Then he adds: truth of it unto him by the power of

any Church in the world that did know "And thou shalt be brought down, the Holy Ghost. (Moroni 10:4.)

why they were in the Bible, and the and shalt speak out of the ground, and Thousands and hundreds of thousands next record that I quoted was the one thy speech shall be low out of the dust, have borne testimony that God has rewhere Jesus said: and thy voice shall be, as of one that vealed the truth of that book to them,

"And other sheep I have, which are hath a familiar spirit, out of the and so it has been a tangible evidence not of this fold: them also I must bring, ground, and thy speech shall whisper that this messenger sent of God really

and they shall hear my voice; and there out of the dust."(Ibid., 29:4.) came with a message from God.

shall be one fold, and one shepherd."Nobody in this world could explain When I was in the mission field, I

(John 10:16.) that intelligently or know what people read an article that appeared under the

I asked those men if they knew anyIsaiah saw like unto Jerusalem without Associated Press of a man who came to thing about those other sheep or the the Book of Mormon. Here is the California by the name of William A.

fulfilment of the promise of the Lord explanation in the Book of Mormon. Kennedy from Lima, Peru Ho was

that he would visit them, and they "After my seed and the seed of my gathering money to set up an institute would hear his voice, and there should brethren shall have dwindled in unor college there to study the history of be one fold and one shepherd. None belief, and shall have been smitten by the early inhabitants of the land of

of them could tell, and so I just turned the Gentiles; yea, after the Lord God South America, including the Mayan

to the Book of Mormon and showed shall have camped against them round and the Inca civilizations, and he had them that when Jesus, following his about, and shall have laid siege against the promise when matched by the small crucifixion and resurrection and ascenthem with a mount, and raised forts Americas of some thirty million dollars, sion, visited his people here in the against them; and after they shall have and President Hoover had agreed to

land of America, he told them they been brought down low in the dust, serve on that board. I never heard of

were the other sheep of whom he spoke even that they are not, yet the words what became of it, but the statement to his disciples in Jerusalem, and he of the righteous shall be written, and went further to say that within ten years said that never at any time did the the prayers of the faithful shall be that amount would increase to seventy

Lord command him that he should tell heard, and all those who have dwindled million dollars.

his disciples in Jerusalem who the other in unbelief shall not be forgotten. Just think of their being willing to

sheep were; only that he had other "For those who shall be destroyed shall spend seventy million dollars to learn

sheep that were not of that fold, and speak unto them out of the ground, and something of the history of the early them should he visit. He told them their speech shall be low out of the inhabitants of America, when we could

they were the other sheep. No one can dust, and their voice shall be as one that give them a copy of the Book of Moranswer intelligently that statement in hath a familiar spirit; for the Lord God mon for fifty cents, and if they did not

John 10:16 without the knowledge that will give unto him power that he may have the fifty cents, we would give it to

the Book of Mormon has brought to us. whisper concerning them, even as it them for nothing, because it would not

Ezekiel was commanded by the Lord were out of the ground, and their speech only tell about the artifacts they are that two records should be kept, one shall whisper out of the dust. finding as they dig into the depths of

of Judah and his followers, the house "For thus saith the Lord God: They the earth, but it contains the words of

of Israel; another for Joseph and his shall write the things which shall be the holy prophets and the promise of the

followers, the house of Israel; and that done among them, and they shall be Lord to this land, which is a land choice

in the days of their children, meaning written and sealed up in a book, and above all other lands, the promise that coming generations, he would bring those who have dwindled in unbelief the Christ should be the God of this these two records together, and he would shall not have them, for they seek to land, that he would fight the battles of make them one in his hand. I asked destroy the things of God."(2 Nephi this land, that the New Jerusalem would

these ministers if they knew anything 26:1517.) be built upon this land, and they will

about that record, and they did not. How could Joseph Smith have known not get that when they will have spent

JUNE 196* 819 their seventy million dollars. that book is true. Sister Richards and spiration of the Almighty?"

Just think of what the Lord has given I read it last year as the priesthood were It reminded us of when we attended us in this record to show us the things asked to do, and we would keep saying a course given by Dr. Widtsoe here

that he has in mind to accomplish. We as we would read, "Isn't that wondersome time ago in the Barratt Hall on

have many other testimonies of men as ful? Isn't that wonderful? How could the Doctrine and Covenants. He had

to the value of the Book of Mormon. Joseph Smith at his age have written Sister Inez Witbeck read. He would

I bear you my witness that I know anything like that except by the insay, "Now read section soand-so,"and

SOME RAIN MUST FALL

Henry D. Taylor

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

When the Psalmist was meditating upon But trailing clouds of glory do we come pleasure for happiness, not realizing that the beauties of creation, he exclaimed From God, who is our home": pleasure can be of a temporary or

with awe and amazement: passing nature only, while happiness and

"When I consider thy heavens, the In that far distant past when plans joy are permanent and enduring.

work of thy fingers, the moon and the for the creation of the earth were disAn ancient prophet declared: "Adam

stars, which thou hast ordained; cussed, it was proposed that those who fell that men might be; and men are,

"What is man, that thou are mindful would be privileged to come here to that they might have joy."(2 Nephi

of him? and the son of man, that thou inhabit the earth must be tested and 2:25.)

visitest him? tried to prove whether they would do As man travels down the pathway of

"For thou hast made him a little all things that the Lord would command this mortal life, trusting that his course lower than the angels, and hast crowned them to do. The faithful were to "... will be such as to produce joy and

him with glory and honour. have glory added upon their heads for happiness, he becomes aware of many

"Thou madest him to have dominion ever and ever."(See Abraham 3:2526.) obstacles in the road that interfere with

over the works of thy hands; thou hast It is our conviction that we were his progress. The Lord designed this

put all things under his feet": (Psalm present at that great council and had a to be so, for he did not intend that this

8:3-6.) voice in the decisions that were made. earthly existence should be easy. Adam

How comforting it is to note the The Lord once asked the Prophet Job was advised: "... cursed is the ground

esteem and concern the Lord has for some pertinent questions pertaining to for thy sake; in sorrow shalt thou eat of

his children. those important events, when he init all the days of thy life;

What is man? As Latterday Saints quired: "Where wast thou when I laid "Thorns also and thistles shall it

we believe that man is the spiritual offthe foundations of the earth?..."bring forth to thee; and thou shalt eat

spring of God our Heavenly Father, "When the morning stars sang toof the herb of the field.

created in his image and after his likegether, and all the sons of God shouted "In the sweat of thy face shalt thou ness. We further believe that man once for joy?"(Job 38:4, 7.) eat bread "(Gen. 3:1719.)

dwelt in the presence of deity and came Because of faithfulness in that former The pathway was to be strewn with from a heavenly home to this earth. estate, we have been born into this temptations and trials. Man was also

The poet Wordsworth, in a flash of world, blessed with mortal bodies which to know good and evil and be allowed inspiration, referred to this transition house eternal spirits. Here we have ophis free agency in choosing between the

when he penned these beautiful lines: portunities to grow, progress, and gain two. He was to learn the law of opexperience in mortal and earthly things. posites: that there is sorrow as there is

"Our birth is but a sleep and a forThe divinely inspired Declaration of joy, pain as contrasted to pleasure, getting: Independence proclaims that every citisickness as opposed to health; he was

The Soul that rises with us, our life's zen of this glorious country is entitled to taste the bitter as well as the sweet.

Star, to enjoy "life, liberty, and the pursuit From this testing process would come

Hath had elsewhere its setting, of happiness."benefits, for the Lord has promised

And cometh from afar: The attainment of happiness has be- "... af*er much tribulation come the

Not in entire forgetfulness, come a desired goal of most individuals; blessings."The poet Kilmer has exAnd not in utter nakedness, but there are those who ofttimes mistake pressed the same thought in the words:

"TO FILL THE WHOLE EARTH"Franklin D. Richards

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

My dear brothers and sisters: I pray that servants to bring it forth out of obhas been and is for all of God's

the Spirit of the Lord will be with me scurity and out of darkness; that his children.

as I speak to you today. disciples should go forth and that none However, many Christians believe

Throughout history the Lord has reshould stay them—all of this to bring to that the gospel plan dates only from the

vealed his will to mankind through his pass the immortality and eternal life of Savior's ministry in the flesh, but we prophets. In 1831 in a revelation given man which is the work and glory of know that the gospel was understood

to the Prophet Joseph Smith, the Lord God. (See D&C 1.) by the spirits which were with our

promised that the fulness of his gospel In order for man to obtain eternal Father in heaven before the world was would be restored and that the voice life and exaltation in God's kingdom, formed or organized.

of warning should be unto all people; he must accept the gospel of Jesus Then on this earth the gospel was

that his Church would be established Christ. This is an eternal principle. taught to Father Adam, and he taught

and that power would be given to his Thus we recognize that the gospel plan the Lord's commandments to his chil520 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA then he would pause and say, "Now, and the testimony of those three That is my testimony to you here you college professors and you college witnesses that an angel of God came today, and I pray God to bless us all students, could you write anything like down from heaven and showed them that we may realize what we have by that?"He would say, "I wish I could,"the plates with the engravings therethe opening of the heavens and the

and there he had been president of two on, and bore testimony that it was by restoration of the gospel, and leave you universities, but the things of God the power of God, is a testimony to all my blessing in the name of the Lord, are understood by the Spirit of God, the world. Jesus Christ. Amen.

"They say that life is a highway, ward across the trackless plains, leading Sabbath day and partake of the SacraAnd its milestones are the years; from Nauvoo to the valleys here in the ment, we covenant with our Heavenly

And now and then there is a toll gate, mountains, they suffered and endured Father that we will take upon us the

Where you buy your way with your many privations and hardships, but they name of the Lord and Savior Jesus tears. were comforted and cheered as they Christ, and by remembering him and

sang at the close of the day these inkeeping his commandments, we may al- "It's a rough road and a steep road, spiring words: ways have his Spirit to be with us.

And it stretches broad and far, Keeping the commandments and livit in last teachings at the of ing leads with to aBut golden harmony town or think should mourn we "Why result in will our the of assurances Master are."the a houses golden Where

is lot hard?

life, life a will righteous righteous and is all 'Tis right! so; not

joy to souls. bring happiness lives our and during have our Perhaps we think to a great should earn we Why life "into even will be, though to the Then, gaze required each orbeen, on some

reward, life fall,"into rain also will each last inface for must of loved time a the one

If fight? the shun we now contentment. peace thismortality. and come sorrow, the of In hour

following appropriate words of the poet From what has been said, my dear might well come as a message of com- "Gird up your loins, fresh courage take, brothers and sisters, we can see how fort to us: Our God will never us forsake. interested in and concerned about life

And soon we'll have this truth to tell people of every age and clime have "Be still, sad heart! and cease repining; All is well! All is well!"been. They have struggled to analyze

Behind the clouds is the sun still shinit, to understand it, to evaluate it. But

ing: ("Come, Come, Ye Saints,"William its full meaning and purpose and duraThy fate is the common fate of all: Clayton.) tion cannot be comprehended except

Into each life some rain must fall, through the gospel of our Lord Jesus

Some days must be dark and dreary."Christ. With the gospel to comfort, to

("The Rainy Day"—Longfellow) The gospel of Jesus Christ offers peace assist, to inspire us, let us meet life

and comfort in times of illness, trouble, head on; courageously, sincerely, and

The Savior had his dark and dreary and sorrow. The Redeemer comforted prayerfully, meet its joys, its sorrows, its

days, and in Gethsemane's garden he his listeners with this beautiful and rains and sunshine with full determinasuffered untold agony as he contemassuring admonition: "Come unto me, tion to keep all of God's commandments,

plated the events that confronted him all ye that labour and are heavy laden, which by so doing we know will bring while fulfilling his exalted mission. and I will give you rest. us back into his presence to partake of

We, too, will have our dark and "Take my yoke upon you and learn of that eternal joy he has in store for all dreary days in our search for that which me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: his faithful children, for which I humbrings joy and happiness. But always and ye shall find rest unto your souls. bly pray, bearing you my testimony that

there is the assurance and promise that "For my yoke is easy, and my burden I know that God lives, that the gospel is "every cloud has its silver lining."is light."(Matt. 11:2830.) true, in the name of the Lord Jesus

As the Latterday Saints toiled westAs we go to the house of worship each Christ. Amen.

dren. Enoch understood the gospel, Through the personal ministry of that this did occur. This great apostasy

and through faithfulness the Saints of Jesus and his apostles, the gospel was made necessary the restoration of the the city of Enoch were translated. taught and The Church of Jesus Christ gospel plan and the authority to act in

Other great men including Noah, established on the earth. the name of God.

Melchizedek, Abraham, and Moses unIt is my great privilege to bear witWhen Joseph Smith, the boy Prophet, derstood the gospel plan and taught it ness humbly that Jesus is the Christ, went into the woods in the spring of to ancient Israel. the only begotten of the Father in the 1820 and asked God, "Which of all the

John the Baptist opened the Dispenflesh, our Redeemer and Savior, and sects is right and which shall I join?"

sation of the Meridian of Time by the only name under heaven given he said, "I was answered that I must preaching in the wilderness, and he among men whereby we may be saved. join none of them, for they were all

told of the coming of our Lord and A falling away from the Savior's wrong—that they teach for doctrine the

Savior Jesus Christ. teachings was predicted, and I testify commandments of men, having a form

JUNE 1BS3 821 of godliness but they deny the power destitute of many of the comforts of life.

thereof."(See Joseph Smith 2:1819.) About a year later, in the spring of

This apostasy necessitated the estab1841, just before leaving for home, lishment of The Church of Jesus Christ Brigham Young wrote in his journal, "It of Latterday Saints, and Joseph Smith truly seemed a miracle to look upon the was selected to be the prophet through contrast between our landing and dewhom the Lord reestablished his parting from Liverpool. We landed in

Church. the spring of 1840 as strangers in a

The Lord set April 6, 1830, as the date strange land and penniless. But through

that his Church should be organized on the mercy of God we had gained many friends, established in almost years churches ago yesterday. this 133 earth—just

Kingcity in the at the every noted It six persons organized town and by was home of Peter Whitmer, Sen., in upper dom of Great Britain, baptized between

New York state. The members began seven and eight thousand souls, printed

to share their message with their friends 5,000 Books of Mormon, "2,500 volumes and their neighbors, and the Church of the Millennial Star and 50,000 tracts enjoyed rapid growth. and emigrated to Zion 1,000 souls, esAt the same place the next Sunday, tablished a permanent shipping agency

Oliver Cowdery commenced the public which will be a great blessing to the ministry of the Church by giving the saints and have sown in the hearts of first gospel sermon in a public meetmany thousands the seeds of eternal ing called for that purpose. After the truth, which shall bring forth fruit to

meeting, six were baptized, and seven the honor and glory of God, and yet we more were baptized a week later. have lacked nothing to eat, drink or

About thirty members of the Church wear—in all these things I acknowledge

participated in the first conference held the hand of God."

about sixty days later on June 9, 1830. Thus, in such beginnings, the gospel

(DHC 1, 77, 84.) Eleven more were message was being taken to the peoples

fulfilled. of prophecy conference. the earth, and after that baptized TheDAlTIU later at ninety years the Approximately told that had been Prophet Joseph

offers fine pattern and design to meet the requirements of the voice of warning should be unto all the centennial conference held in Salt decorators architects.most and demanding

Dist. Caffall Tile East 1500 So., Salt Lake City, Utah people by the mouths of the Lord's Lake City on April 6, 1930, President & Supply, 30

Before you select your ceramic tile, visit our showroom for the widest disciples and that none should stay Heber J. Grant reported that The

selection of tile, Marble and Epoxy in the Intermountain Area. them. Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Oliver Cowdery, Parley P. Pratt, Saints had a living membership of

Peter Whitmer, Jun., and others, were 700,000 souls, 104 stakes, twentynine

HOW WOULD YOU HEAT sent1830. outTheyas missionariesmet Sidneyin Rigdonthe fall inof vertmissions,baptismsand 2,226in 1929missionaries.amountedConto

YOUR HOME IF THE GAS Ohio,investigation,and afterSidneya briefRigdonbut receivedprayerfula 6,511.And now—today—as in earlier days,

AND ELECTRICITY FAILED? testimonyprophet of thatGod, andJosephthatSmiththe authoritywas a missionariescomfortable homes,are leavingand worldlytheir families,interHundreds of thousands of home owners to act in the name of God had been ests behind and are going forth with the

have provided for this emergency by buildrestored. He asked to be baptized and same dedication to build the kingdom

ing their fireplaces around Heatform, the was baptized. Shortly thereafter, he of God. They also recall the promise

"... There is no man doublewalled heavy steel unit, with spaheld a group meeting in which he of the Savior—

cious air chambers surrounding the firewarned his neighbors and bore his testithat hath left house, or parents, or box and upper throat that capture and mony that the gospel had been restored. brethren, or wife, or children, for the

circulate through the home, heat that is In the Kirtland area at this time kingdom of God's sake, lost up the chimney by the masonry lined several group meetings were held, and "Who shall not receive manifold fireplace. HEATFORM, a complete unit, seventeen more were baptized. more in this present time, and in the

hearth to flue, is a perfect guide for the Yes, Joseph Smith was indeed one of world to come life everlasting."(Luke

masonry walls, eliminating construction the great prophets of all time and 18:2930.)

errors and smoke trouble. through him the Lord was performing 'Recently it was reported that the liv-

"A great and marvelous work... among ing membership of the Church now

the children of men."(D&C 11:1.) totals two million souls, the 374th stake

I am sure he remembered the words has been organized, and there are now of the Savior, "He that loveth father seventyone missions and approximately or mother more than me is not worthy 12,000 missionaries. As instruments in

of me: and he that loveth son or daughthe hands of the Lord in 1962, the mister more than me is not worthy of me."sionaries taught and baptized 115,834

(Matt. 10:37.) souls. In the hearts of millions more

Then in February 1835, in accordance the seeds were sown which will bring with divine revelation, the Quorum of forth a great harvest in the years ahead.

the Twelve were called. To you who are not members but

The apostles are special witnesses of would like to know more about the

WRITE TODAY FOR FREE LITERChrist and hold the keys of the foreign Church, we invite you to attend one

ATURE on all five models of ministry of the Church. Accordingly, of our church services or ask a memHEATFORM for every style and seven of. the Twelve set out for England ber to have the missionaries discuss the

Model "A size of fireplace. in the late summer of 1839 without doctrine of the Church with you or

SUPERIOR FIREPLACE COMPANY purse or scrip, and leaving their families communicate with the missionaries or

Dept. IE-H Dept. IE-H

P. O. Box 2066 (or) 601 North Point Rd.

Fullerton, Calif. Baltimore 6, Md.

522 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA - ':'CW m

: '::.:'

Dig your toes in the cool, wet sand

Who can resist it? That exuberant urge to peel Instead, the oil is brought up by "slant drilloff your shoes and go joyfully down to meet ing"from a well located far away, often out in

the sea. You don't want anything, ever, to spoil the sea. On the beach, you don't even know it's

that lovely beach... neither do we. happening.

So today, with advanced drilling techniques, So dig your toes in the cool, wet sand. Enjoy

we seek oil beneath beaches without marring your lovely seaside playgrounds. We cherish

their beauty with equipment and derricks. their beauty, as you do.

Planning ahead to serve you better

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

JUNE 1963 523 A GOLDEN 65 MESSAGE TO ALL FOLKS 65 AND OVER...

The real key to the peace of mind that all senior citizens deserve is ample accident and sickness protection. Now

for those of you who have no health insurance, or wish to add majorexpense coverage to your basic plan—here

attack prescriptions first heart are and "Drugs so "My took all my is another chance to get exactly what you need.

expensive. a policy that helps I want savings. I want majorexpense

pay bills when I'm not hospitalized."benefits if I have another."

EnrollmentGOLDENopen from June 2 through June6527 ONLY! HOSPITAL/SURGICAL/MEDICAL INSURANCE

Anyone 65 or over can choose the benefits they need and join any or aM 3 plans

::::::::::::: -..... mmmmm;m';"'m.:::: If you want BASICOHOSPITALSUR- If you want MAJOREXPENSE protecIf you want OUTOF-HOSPITAL proGICAL protection, this is the plan that tion, this is the plan that pays the really tection, this is the plan that pays prestarts paying from the moment exbig bills—offers extended benefits all scription drug charges—doctors'office

penses begin—and pays in addition to the way up to $10,000 lifetime maximum and house calls—rental of equipmentany other plan you may have expenses as a hospital outpatient

11 nj 10,000

costs 65 only PLUS costs only 10,000 RESERVE costs only 5,000 MEDICAL a $6.50 month $9.50 a month $5.00 a month actual cost of hospital Pays the room and

calendar after eligible Each year eligible after your calendar exyear exEach your as to for as longboard a day up $10.00 31 penses have reached the for 10,000 costs outof-hospital penses $500, have any accident. for or sicknessdays each

will plan Reserve all further of pay will plan the reached 5,000 Medical $100, 75% extras hospital cost of actual the up Pays eligible expenses, all the year, eligible during calendar further expenses, of pay 75% to $100.00 maximum. to lifetime up $10,000 year, to calendar that during maximum. $5,000 up

in or of of out for surgery every type Pays to hospital $5.00 schedulethe on a from Pays 75% of these eligible expenses lifetime maximum.

$200.00. (Example: $5.00 for removal of toeUp to $25.00 eligible expense for room Pays 75% of these eligible expenses

nail; $75.00 for broken thigh bone; $200.00 and board for each day of hospital confineUp to $6.50 eligible expense a day for

for removal of prostate.) ment. doctor house calls and $5.00 a day for visits

You are immediately protected on acciProvides as eligible expense all necessary to doctor's office.

dents which occur or sickness which origihospital expenses while hospital confined. Provides as eligible expense all hospital

nates after the issue date of your policy. Up to $10.00 eligible expense a day for expenses for care received as an outpatient.

You are also protected for conditions you each day of Skilled Nursing Home confineProvides as eligible expense all prescriphad before your policy was issued, provided ment up to a maximum of $1,000.00 eligible tion drugs.

the hospital confinement begins—surgical expense for each calendar year. Provides as eligible expenses costs of

operation is performed—after your policy Provides as eligible expense surgery of blood and blood plasma, artificial limbs,

has been in force for six months. every type in or out of the hospital on a rental of wheel chair, hospital bed or iron-

*Exclusions: see paragraph below. schedule from $5.00 to $300.00 (Example: lung, oxygen and rental equipment, initial

*Exclusions for 65 PLUS; 10,000 $5.00cose veins;for removal$300.00of a forwart;removal$100.00offorlung.)varicostProvidesof trussesas eligibleand crutches.expenses costs of diag-

5,000 laboratory plans a X-ray nostic and procedures MEDICAL on RESERVE; to eligible $4.00 Up a expense for day one in the are world anywhere covered You for $2.00 urischedule. (Example: routine visit a of doctor for every day while conall illness injuries of or exkinds against for nalysis; abdominal X-rays; $8.00 $12.00 fined in a hospital. illness; or by war mental cept caused those for G-I upper Tract.) for $24.00 EKG; Workmen's by Compensation covered or eligible to a expense $6.50 for day Up one are immediately for protected You any in Disease except Law, or Occupational visit Visiting of a Nurse. home or that accident sickness that occurs comfor benefits losses Virginia; which West are immediately protected for You any effective after the date of polac- mences your a or welfederal state payable under are

fare program or confinement in federal cident that occurs or sickness that comicy. Conditions for which you have pregovernment hospitals, except in Califormences after the effective date of your policy. viously been treated are covered after your

nia and New Jersey; confinement in You are also protected for conditions you policy has been in force six months.

hospitals; conAdministration Veteran's before issued, had your policy was provided *Exclusions: see paragraph at left.

in mental or local government finement hospital your confinement begins after your in hospitals; Louisiana, and, tuberculosis will Agents policy at least in force has been of State six months. A list

or servTennessee, treatment and Texas see at left. request. paragraph Exclusions: be sent upon

in Note: tuberculosis. Carolina ice for No.

only, policy must be in force six months before sickness benefits can begin. FOR EXTRA ENROLLMENT BLANKS SEE YOUR WEEKEND NEWSPAPER

824 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

or any similar INCLUDING THOSE WHO HAVE BASIC BLUE CROSS;--

Your doctor, your own insurance may now have. It is the perfect "comagent, will tell policy your any basic lawyer what to add to fine panion"you plan. Sons and daughters itprotection this is. Talk with over them,

5,000 plan is for MEDICALbut do it soon. This enrollment period must

end midnight, June 27th. outof-hospital expenses enroll your parents

65 PLUS offers basic protection Theprotection5,000 Medicalagainst outof-hospital(OE series) planexpensesoffers Signatureis not ofrequiredthe insured

If do not have you health any insurance at deductible. also a features calendar Each and

If relative older in an you haveall, the series) 65 Plus offers plan (OA you eligible outof-hospital after exyear your family, will of your you manyexcellent basic hospitalsurgical protection. the reached Medipenses have $100, 5,000 give or to or her want one himIf basic you have now Cross, Blue or any all takes of over plan and pays cal 75% policies of these more and makesimilar basic hospital coverage, all by means eligible that during further calendar expenses yourself. the payments premium it. stillkeep eligible are to You join 10,000 lifetime to a of year $5,000. up maximum It's idea. a wise wonderful and

orReserve 5,000 or Medical—after both—and continuous any proven 6-month Then, fill the enrollment Just blank out

add these wonderful benefits majorexpense eligible treatment, are without period you indicate the where and premium to total protection. your

is benefits. in for again another This $5,000 to sent. notices are be

first plan ever of its kind the is10,000 big bills RESERVE for the If a you declare Note: Tax offered to Income over! 65 or everyone and anyone

relative as series)10,000 Reserve parent or a dependent (OD is designed on for really big expenses and to start paying beneThis is your Guarantee your Federal Income Tax, your payfor of this health infits premiums bills get big""too for when handle, you to as your premium, your ments As long you pay deductible. are surance 100% tax of the benefitsor most of basic your plan will have policy be cancelled, never no changes

"run out."To do this, 10,000 Reserve has a will ever be made unless done so to all

"deductible"feature that works very much policyholders in your state. Of course, you

the same as the "deductible"feature used have the right to cancel your policy at any satisfying of the deductible purpose For yourin collision auto insurance. Each calendar time. After Guarantee: Back Money

benefits for calculating payable and 10,000 afteryear or you, Plus, 65 or other any policies, policy, or received have your you first the Medical, calen- 5,000 Reserve and planbasic have, you has may first paid the if it, satisfied, are not examine you and 100% is that period year dar the commencing on eligible of expenses, the$500 10,000 Reserve it first within return ten days and your effective of policy date your ending and effect intoplan goes and pays all of 75% will be refunded. month's premium the in of year same 31 which December your eligiblefurther expenses during that caleneffective; first after coverage the becomes 65? to adar lifetime year Under up of maximum

is year year, calendar 1st each from January after Then,$10,000. any proven continuous join to are or 64 now, plan one If you more 31st. Eligible through December expenses

6-month period without treatment, you are of these plans when you reach 65. Clip the incurred toward the deductible during the

eligible again for another $10,000 in benefits. coupon now and save it. Mail it to us within last 90 days of the first policy year will be

As you can see, the 10,000 Reserve plan 30 days before or after your 65th birthday counted towards the deductible of the next in no way conflicts with any basic plan you and you will be enrolled. calendar year.

million and over 65 than a women men and that insures more the company FromRegardless of your past 65 PEOPLE OVER TO PAID EACH WEEK IN CLAIMS MILLION DOLLARS A or present health—

Everybody accepted CONTINENTAL CRSMLTYQ.

No health questions CONTINENTAL CENTER, 310 S. MICHIGAN AVE., CHICAGO 4, ILLINOIS

No physical exam to qualify MEMBER OF THE CONTINENTAL NATIONAL INSURANCE GROUP

...—-4 4, III. fi"—DO IT NOW! MailDept.this32, applicationContinental toCasualtyyour ContinentalCo., 310 S.CasualtyMichiganAgent,Ave., orChicago 155 |

Please check coverage desired -I and enclose check or money APPLICATION TO CONTINENTAL CASUALTY COMPANY I order for the total premium. Please Type or Print All Information Shown I

$21.00 monthly—all 3 Insured's First Name Initial Last Name I

"Golden 65"plans I $16.00 monthly—10,000 I

Reserve and 65 Plus Deliver Mail in C/O (if any) I

Enrollment $14.50Reserve andmonthly—5,000 Medical10,000 Street Address II

$1 1.50 monthly—65 Plus I

Medical and 5,000ends June 27 10,000 City Zone State II $9.50 monthly—D

Protection Reserve only I begins July 1, $6.50 monthly—65 Plus only Date Month Day Year Sex I $5.00 monthly—5,000 of I

1963 Medical only Birth Male [ ] Female

Missouri residents If you have one of our policies now, indiApplicant's Signature I send for special cate Policy No. OZ18223-B I

form. Application

JUNE 1963 525 your the Church directly. in their homes; and by taking their

The Savior's injunction to "feed my friends and neighbors with them to atsheep"has been and is being carried out. tend church services and activities. This

Sister Richards and I have recently type of sharing is "Every Member a IM returned from the missions on the east Missionary"in action. E coast, and we bring greetings from the At this conference several stake presiand missionaries to their families and dents and bishops have told me of the

friends. There are now twenty stakes group meetings they are holding in their

on the east coast with over 2,000 mishomes and the convert baptisms that vitally health are Time and field sionaries eight missions. therefrom. resulting in are leaders the The im- H As we

life. in portant Yes, with your

is is there. set will pattern, the every harvested being white be and member the LEE AUTOMATHOUSEHOLD

increase. to a missionary. continue each baptisms Convert should And member IC MILL, ELECTRIC you FLOUR

"... said, responsibilities of his the be mindful Lord has and Remember insuring are "upto-theminute"

in freshness baking. shall your of voice gospel. all opportunities to spread the unto be warning You EA the

will family and your be happy disof great people, the prophet. our I love and support by mouths my

recipients of L ciples,... He is indeed one of the great missiontruly healthful

living. '"And they shall go forth and none aries of all time.

INVEST IN A LEE shall stay them,..."(D&C 1:4-5.) Yes, the purposes of the Lord are

HOUSEHOLD FLOUR Our missionaries are going forth and being accomplished today, and prophecy

MILL is fulfilled. proselyting shall stay of Spirit being the them. none The Our

Grinding TH Stone is is being poured "every based upon, Lord program our Father's out on member

Automatic is children, rolling forth his sharing gospel the gospel neighbor."the and with Portable

Electric Our Prophet David O. McKay has in order to bring to pass the immortality

Choice of 4 mills. Write for counseled, "Every member a missionand eternal life of man.

prices!Hour offer.SaveSemion introductorycoupon with ary."As a result today, many thousands May the kingdom of God continue to

shipped.checkII). okK.,or moneystcinp ordergroundfor day5ofexemplarymemberslives;are byrespondingasking theby goldenliving maygo forthcome,thatI praythe inkingdomthe nameof ofheavenJesus

LEE ENGINEERING CO., Dept. IE 6-9 questions; by holding group meetings Christ. Amen.

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 1, Wis.

... Deaf Smith Flour, 5- lb. pkg. ppd. Only $1.50

... Wis. Minn. Flour, 5-lb. pkg, ppd. Only $1.00 THE RESPONSIBILITY PLACED ON A

Name LATTERDAY SAINT Street Bernard P. Brockbank

City, State Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

Brothers and sisters, it is a humbling Christianity is shown, it's when the and frightening experience to be in this individual says, "Well, I love you no position and one of great responsibility. matter how you act or feel toward me."

of evil, tide interesting the things so does this, the one have many WhenCREATIVE FAMILY LIVING We is little tide of love degeneration stopped, to us these days happen that we

Home Nights and Special realize some of the great circumstances takes the place of enmity. Wouldn't

if in. great ourselves find all Christians it be were with we Family Occasions we

I all for in hearts; our As was reflecting there would just a moment love

ago, I think two of the greatest missionbe no enmity.

By Beverly Romney Cutler aries that the world has ever known "Bless them that curse you."Have

are right here today—our Prophet David you ever had someone curse you, and

O. McKay and our Tabernacle Choir. it made you angry, so you cursed them

It is good to be in the presence of good back? You showed them how to curse.

people. I am going to take just a moSatan enjoys that; there's no Christianity

ment and reflect on one or two of the in cursing back. There's a responsibility

simple important teachings of Jesus if someone curses you, and in this

Christ. Church it is not so unusual to be cursed

In preaching to the missionaries many or spoken against. "Bless them that

times I have said that these commandcurse you,"a responsibility as a Chrisments are the test of a missionary. I tian—a follower of Jesus Christ. We

believe also they are the test of a Saint. must bless them that curse us. Wouldn't

The Savior had the ability to put many it be great if you would visit and bless volumes and many sermons into few them. "God bless you, I want you to

An inspiring new book filled with words,inventoryandwhenwe wefindreadourselvesinto the takingdepth knowsee theyoutidehaveof Christianitymy blessings."turningCan backyou

useful ideas that every young of his great counsel. These commandthe evil trend of cursing among

family can apply. ments have been mentioned many times. God's children.

You are wellacquainted with them. It's not too easy to be a Christian.

A thoughtful gift for the bride. Jesus said, "But I say unto you, Love I'm only on one verse here of the

That's not are four your enemies."There Savior's many verses. just so manyCloth bound $1.95

that's verse. words, a responsibility (See in one commandments you know,

Paper back $1.00 placed on a Saint. Quite often if we Matt. 5:44.)

have an enemy, "Well, if he doesn't "Do good to them that hate you."

Olympus Publishing Co. like me I don't like him. I can get Do we always practise this commandalong without him."There is no ment? Well, it is not easy. "And pray

Box 137, Sugar House Station Christianity in this attitude. When for them that despitefully use you, and

Salt Lake City, Utah

526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. tip to menAtimely who are not neurosurgeons

Doctors know about the special store, there is a Farmers Insurance use it, if you wish. You can pay for

insurance offered by Farmers Insurplan to fit your needs. all your Farmers insurance with

ance Group. Many hospital staff Farmers provides complete coverjust one check each month. You keep

doctors—and hospitals—are proage—liability, fire and theft, special your money working for you and

tected by insurance especially prelife, vehicles and equipment, even avoid depletion of your operating pared for the profession by Farmers. protection against loss of income.. capital. It's just the thing to keep

This message is directed to men all at low, low rates. personal budgets on an even keel,

It's too. to use good businessin other fields—men in business, to lines offer personal Farmers And Plan. Prematic Farmers Payment

specific.be the best coverage cost in you at low

Farmers writes specialized polilife insurance, fire insurance for Let your Farmers Agent prove to that is the best insurFarmers home and its contents and AUTO you cies for all kinds of business—each your

ance buy in Amerinsurance.policy customtailored to the hazards

that are peculiar to that business. NEW PAYMENT PLAN IS BEST ica today.

Whether you are a contractor, own FOR BUSINESSMEN, TOO. Farmers Call your Farmers

an appliance store or a flower shop, exclusive Prematic Payment Plan Agent for ALL * run a service station or a clothing lets you pay for protection as you your insurance.

Fast Fair Friendly Farmers Insurance Group

AUTO LIFE FIRE HOME TRUCK COMMERCIAL

JUNE 1963 527 this? to be a Christian, You know, difficult one one and to we in three—most

follow Savior. the to explain It is easy understand. must andFIB NE persecute you."Did the Savior practise Man saying the Godhead is three in Joseph Smith

hide behind Christianity, but it is not restoring the knowledge of three separeasy to be a Christian. Let's see whether ate Personages. You know the agnostic

the Savior practised what he taught. could say they are both wrong, but it

I'm not going to take time because is obvious they are not both right. It's

the time is very short, but remember as obvious as a fig on a thistle that one when the Savior was hanging on the is opposite the other.

cross, his accusers, his murderers at his Jesus had Twelve Apostles—many

feet; he could have said something churches do not have apostles. Our

rather severe and scolding, but no, he message is not a difficult one to deliver practised what he preached. "Father in to the world as soon as we can prepare

heaven, forgive them."(See Luke 23:34.) the world for it. Then the Lord clariHe prayed for those who persecuted fies this, "Even so every good tree

him and bitterly abused him. bringeth forth good fruit; but a corrupt

I'm going to turn over a page to tree bringeth forth evil fruit.

the colorful beauty Now, of translucent fiberglass building panels for hurry, in this same great sermon. "Enter "A good tree cannot bring forth evil

strait every in..every for budget. gate: ye home. at the Because is the fruit, neither tree wide can a corrupt bring

panels corrugated proFiberpane area gate, that leadeth forth broad is the and way, (Ibid., good fruit."7:1718.) duct of Filon Plastics Corporation,

you're assured as "/ell quality top as to destruction, and many there be President McKay does not build the Strong, durable economy. beauand

tiful, are ideal for these in panels thereat": (Matt. go patio which 7:13.) of Satan, kingdom builds the kinghe

roofs, dividers, carports, awnings,

It's real wide, the there gate's wide, teaches and the dom of God. fences, scoresof same windbreaks He other and

installations. install to with Easy is a great multitude headed for it and gospel and doctrines that Jesus Christ colors of Choice household tools. and

sizes. economical Economize there when in thereat. be go which the apostles and many taught.

dramatic modernize. you new Add "... are the Savior. of the livADD A FENCE These words has prophet asked us all to be privacy ing space Our and with Fiberpane.

is strait is the gate, the and narrow mission- a member Fr of way, missionaries—every Idasideas, Dozensdetails, Booklet:construction

life, leadeth there unto Unlimited which and few ary. That's to build this the way factiPickcolorful upand today! freo bookletinformation. yourplanning Applications

it."(Ibid., find that 7:14.) it be if all Not many Church. Wouldn't be great two

will find the gate to heaven. million each brought one soul into the

Regional Distributor of false FILONFIBERPANE prophets, "Beware which of come Church. brought you How many

FIBERGLAS ENGINEERING & SUPPLY DIV. to clothing, you in sheep's but inwardly into last the one new member Church FIBERGLAS CORNING OWENS CORPORATION

DA 3-8574 336 SOUTH are (Ibid., wolves."ravening year? it 7:15.) prophet asked us The to do

CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH3rd WEST they will doctrine. prophet teach false inspiration the under A false of the beLordF Any false teacher is in that category. cause the Lord knows how to build

Now the Savior gives us many wonhis Church.

derful keys here. "Ye shall know them What if it meant your life if you did

ETJBfi ofby thorns,their fruits.or figsDoofmenthistles?"gather grapes(Ibid., You'dnot bringhavea himsoul orin her,this wouldn'tcoming year?you?

7:16.) What if you saw figs growing You'd bring your soul in. This is just a

on a thistle? You'd know they were little way for the Lord to test and tell

out of place, wouldn't you? Grapes whether we love our neighbor as ouriBi*01 PS growing on thorns, it's just as obvious selves. We'd do pretty nearly anything

BPv'S '"isHSiw and just as easy to tell a true prophet to save and preserve our own lives.

: as it is to tell that figs are out of place I bear witness that God lives, that

on a thistle bush. David O. McKay is his prophet and

BIG $$ CAKE DECORATING. Housewives Well, a God without body, parts, or mouthpiece. It is good to be in your

Endless lime. spare hour easywanted! $5 passions, presence. the Prophet the bless one, Lord each May uncreate—and

Decorations lovely Cake and fordemand I Smith introducing ProJoseph back again a the of pray in Christ. Jesus name

birthfor weddings, Christmas,fessional Candy with body, passions. parts, and God Amen.

all occasions. parties, youdays, show how We

to turn your kitchen into gold mine. No capital

required. Start your own business small, grow

big. Send for FREE 3 month subscription to"Fun & Profit Hobbies"magazine for Cake THE FORCE OF FAMILY PRAYER

Decorators and Candy Makers, and facts on Gordon B. Hinckley

complete home instruction. CANDY & CAKE, of the Council of the Twelve

Dept. D-761, Fallbrook, California.

My beloved associates in the work of on how to dress up the old place or the Lord. Within the hour all who are plan for a new one.

assembled here will be journeying to Then my eyes drifted to the news their homes. I am reminded in this magazines. Boldly printed on the cover TEGDUM thought of an experience at a newsstand of one of these was a shocking question: FAMILY CAMP the other day. I walked about observing "Will city streets ever be safe again?"

Across the river from the Joseph Smith the magazines. I was intrigued by the Inside I read a provocative interview

Memorial number of those devoted to the restyling between the editors of the magazine

A large Vermont dairy farm. Ponies, lots of and beautification of our homes. Done and the president of the International

Fineother Children's program, animals. camp in fourcolor printing of paper, Association of Police, Chiefs on good Stanley

service. Join sitting or relax the funbaby with their titles alone to excite of R. Schrotel were enoughfree Cincinnati. conscience. intercountry cooking, Wonderful The

fcfmily style.served All meals,

in rate. per week. to $45.00 $30.00 picnicsNoincludedcharge the imagination in the direction of imview describes what we have read sofor children 5 years or younger. provement, and their contents was a frequently of late—the rising tide of

Write Tegdum, Mrs. Phyllis Mudgett, most compelling display of suggestions assault, robbery, and other serious

South Royalton, Vermont Telephone 802 7636044

528 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Downtown and Cottonwood S\ XJs

time stands A moment to remember forever—

and it will be everything you've dreamed v>"of when you let ZCMI help with all

the details ot your wedding and reception.,

Wedding Gowns, Trousseau Wide selection of styles and prices.

Bride's Shop Downtown, second floor

Cottonwood Fashions, first floor

Wedding Planning Service Advise in every detail, from the invitations to the receiving line.

Bride's Shop Downtown, second floor

Wedding Gift Registry Register your preference in home trousseau items. Shower planning, too.

Downtown, third floor; Cottonwood, second floor

Here's the Ideal Missionary Camera

GRAPHIC "JET 35mm CAMERA With PushButton Focusing Takes beautiul slides and snapshots with the utmost simplicity. Features fast f/2 Graflex Optar Lens,

Electriceye Meter, full Flash Synchronization, pushbutton rangefinder focusing, rapid film advance and other extras that have made Graflex tops in

Cameras. See and try it now!

Complete Easier, Better For with $7.ft9 5

Slides & Snapshots Case... ONLY g *f

Come In, Phone or Order By Mail, Now! Nothing Down... Only $1 a Week!

Please send me the Graphic "Jet"35mm Camera & Case for only $79.95. I will pay monthly.

Name

Wife's Name

Address

City & State

Employed by Salt Lake City: 273 S. Main - 155 S. Main - 2190 Highland Dr.

Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.; Provo: 161 W. Center St.

Credit Reference Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

JUNE 1963 829 USE crimes inflicted on unsuspecting people Prayer, family prayer in the homes of by criminals, who, for the most part, this and other lands, is one of the are young men, many of them yet in simple medicines that would check the their teens. News stories indicate that dread disease that has eroded the fiber BASIC-H one cannot safely walk the streets of of our character. It is as simple as

some of our proudest cities. This is sunshine and would be as effective in

TO not only in the United States; the same curing our malady. We could not exproblem is also felt across the world. pect a miracle in a day, but in a genera-

I quote from the interview with tion we would have a miracle.

Raise Funds Chief"Q. Schrotel:Are you saying that parents are prayerA generationin the homesor oftwoChristianago familypeople

to blame, really, for juvenile delinthroughout the world was as much a activity day's of part the as was eating. quency?"are to help prepared groups andWe has diminished, that practice 'our "A. I'd that there to say is a As have earn fromshow them how they may ensued. has decay strength for greater moral today woeful need

$100 to $400 regularly each month. in the home, greater respect for parents I feel satisfied that there is no adeSome Stakes are coordinating the as the authority symbol, and more paquate substitute for the morning and

work of their Wards and Branches rental guidance."evening practice of kneeling together

and are earning additional funds for I find only one interpretation of this father, mother, and children. This,

their building projects. Mission Dis-—serious failure in the homes of the more than heavy carpets, more than

tricts or Branches may raise funds people. There is failure in cultivating lovely draperies, more than cleverly

for their worthy causes. those virtues which lead to respect for balanced color schemes, is the thing

law, respect for associates, even respect that will make for better and more for self. beautiful homes.

Use BASIC-H Other symptoms, less dramatic, but There is something in the very pos-... to supplement your personal inequally farreaching in their conseture of kneeling that contradicts the

..come. We have a wonderful plan for quences, are found in the rising toll of attitudes described by Paul: proud, ".

{Ibid., 3:4.) heady, highminded."tragedies, domestic homes, the brokenthose who wish to earn extra money

very pracin the ties is something cast adrift children There the from theeach month.

that should give security and stability tice of father and mother and children to their lives. Add to this the cases of kneeling together that evaporates others

"... disof described: integrity, those qualities he of of malfeasance, warpedUse BASIC-H

.. to parents, dereliction of duty, a obedient and we have... to."build a career. We have an.. affection, natural picture. "Without miserable sordid and

outstanding product and the finest Paul of old declared. to Timothy: (Ibid., 3:2-3.)

sales plan available in the United "This know also, that in the last days There is something in the act of adStates today for those who have a perilous times shall come."He said dressing the Deity that offsets a

sales organization or who have the nothing of atomic bombs or intertendency toward blasphemy and toward ability to form one. continental missiles or deathdealing becoming lovers of pleasure more than

submarines. lovers of God.

What is BASIC-H? causeRather,"... theymen shallshall bebe loversperilousof theirbePaulThedescribedinclinationit, totobe beunthankful,unholy, asis

Basic- H is the ideal allsurface own selves,... blasphemers, disobedient erased as together the family thank the

cleaner. It is a combination of oils to parents, unthankful,... Lord for life and peace and all they

wonderful for washing dishes, "Without natural affection,... have.

..."The scripture declares: "Thou shaltclothes, floors, ""walls and fixtures. despisers of those that are good,

all 3:1-3.) things."the thy thank Lord (2 Timothy God in containsBecause Basic-H no alka-

"... in police again: noth59:7.) chief lists some of the The And (D&Clis it is or other ingredients, harsh

unequalled for cleaning hands and tressingthings heproblem.would doHetoincludescurb thisstricterdisnoneing dothis hismanwrathoffendkindled,God, orsaveagainstthose

for bathing and shampooing. law enforcement and more prison who confess not his hand...."

sentences. I would not presume to (Ibid., 59:21.)

Mail Coupon Below question his formula as an expediency, In remembering together before the but I think it is not a basic and enduring Lord the poor, the needy, and the op-

1 solution. there will.be is developed, uncononly pressed, turned LYMAN The tide 1 DON 9th 1087 East South realistically, for as the principles governing the sciously but a love behavior Salt City 5, Lake Utah

1 Please send me the following: of the people are altered. others above self, a respect for others, a

BASIC-H Honesty, character, integrity do not desire to serve the needs of others.

1 -Quart Sample-2 Squeeze Bottles $2.00 | come of legislation or police action. One cannot ask God to help a neighbor

1 LYMAN'S DAILY SUPPLY Only as we build back into the fiber of in distress without feeling motivated to

VITAMINMINERAL TABLETS our lives the virtues which are the esdo something oneself toward helping 1 500 Tablets (1 Bottle) $8.95 sence of true civilization will the pattern that neighbor. What miracles would

1 100 Tablets (1 Bottle) 1.95 of our times change. That building happen in the lives of the children of

Reduce SURE MEAL to the if they world, of of process the America, in the begin and must homes 1 Size $ 4.75 20Meal Chocolate 1 C selfishness their people. aside lay begin recognition with would It must own

Size 40Meal | 9.00 D service of in as Vanilla of the of themselves Father, Eternal our our and lose God Size 240Meal 45.00 | Maple D this relationship to his others. children, as seed which from (Butterscotch) him The

1 1 am interested in ( ) FundRaising with communication with him in sheltering and fruitful tree may grow is

O Supplementing My Income recognition of his sovereign position, best planted and nurtured in the daily

A Real Career and in supplication for his guidance in supplications of the family.

our affairs. I know of no better way to inculcate

1 My Address.

City Zone State j

830 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA love for country than for parents to pray before their children for the Presidentand the Congress or the Queen and enjoy the Parliament of the land of their citizenship. Recently I have seen on billboards in a new way of life

some of our cities a statement which reads, "A nation at prayer is a nation this this. I believe I hopeat peace."with yearround

I motto. a catchy am thanis more

satisfied that we shall not have peace unless and until we request it in the name of the Prince of Peace. I know of nothing that will ease Natural GAS

family tensions, that in a subtle way will bring about the respect for parents which leads to obedience, that will affectthe spirit of repentance which will Air Conditioning largely erase the blight of broken homes, than will praying together, confessing weaknesses together before the Lord, and invoking the blessings of the Lord upon the home and those who dwell—with this modern method, every room

there. is cooled automatically I have been impressed by a statein your entire homement made by a man long since dead,—creating greater comfort and ideal

the father of one of the great men who conditions for better health.

sits on this stand. James H. Moyle

wrote to his grandchildren concerning the family prayer of his own home. He

said: "We have not gone to bed before

kneeling in prayer to supplicate divine guidance and approval. Differences may

arise in the best governed families, but they will be dissipated by the... spirit

of prayer.... Its very psychology tends

to promote the more righteous life among men. It tends to unity, love,

forgiveness, to service."In 1872 Colonel Thomas L. Kane, the go mode.

great friend of our people in the days of their distress in Iowa and at the timeof the coming of the army to this valley, go GAS came west again with his wife and two sons. They traveled to St. George with

Brigham Young, stopping each night in the homes along the way. Mrs. Kane

wrote a series of letters to her father back in Philadelphia. In one of these

she said: stayed places the we every one of "At Gas is Best prayers immethis had journey weon diately after the dinnersupper, and prayers again before breakfast. No one

was excused... the Mormons...

of head the while once, atkneel details the for Air Natural on "COMPLETE Gas HOME"prays guest honored or anhousehold, call Fuel Conditioning, Salt Supply Mountain Company,... little time very spend They aloud.

Business Lake Department. 8-8315, City—DA New they for ask what but in ascriptions,

need, and thank Him for what He has given.... (They) take it for granted

that God knows our familiar names and titles, and will ask a blessing on (a particular individual by name),... I liked this when I became used to it."MOUNTAIN FUEL

cultipeople might that Oh, we as a SUPPLY COMPANY of such practice this was which vate importance to our pioneer forebears. Family prayer was as much a part of NaCUAM GOA, SERVICE

their worship as were the meetings convened in this tabernacle. With the

JUKE 1963 S31 faith that came of these daily invocations, they grubbed the sagebrush, led the waters to the parched soil, made the desert blossom, governed their families in love, lived in peace one with another, and made their names immortal as they lost themselves in the service of God.

We have reached the tragic point in our history where evidently we cannot invoke the blessings of God in our schools, but we can pray in our homes.

The family is the unit of society. The

praying family is the hope of a better society. "Seek ye the Lord while he

may be found,..."(Isa. 55:6.)

I was touched last fall by the heartbreaking statement of a young man in

Japan. He said, "I have been here for

months. I can't learn the language.

I dislike the people. I am depressed

by day and weep at night. I wanted

to die. I wrote my mother and pleaded

for an excuse to return home. I have

reply. says: her for She 'We're praying BANK BTTIAIL

is you. passes that There not a day for your "other bank account"all of us do not kneel together in the

morning before we eat and in the

You can bank entirely by mail and have all the evening before we retire and plead advantages of banking at safe, sound, dependable Wewith havethe Lordaddedfor fastinghis blessingto ouruponprayer,you.

Zions First National Bank. and when your younger brothers and

Send your savings or checking deposit (check or sistersbless Johnnypray theyin Japansay, "Heavenlyand help Father,him to money order). We'll take care of the rest. learn the language and do the work he

was called to do."'"

This young man then went on to

OFFICES: say through his tears, "I will try again.

I will add my prayers to theirs and my 70 East South Temple fasting to their fasting."ZIONS Now, four months later, I have a 102 South Main

letter from him in which he says, "A 235 South Main miracle has happened. The language 4835 Highland Drive FIRST has come to me as a gift from the

Lord. I have learned to love the people

in Salt Lake City in this beautiful land. God be thanked

Also in Kearns, Utah for the prayers of my family."NATIONAL Can we make our homes more beautiful? Yes, through addressing ourselves

beauty. strengthen society our Can we The name you can as families to the source of all true BANK...

better it a place in to and make which Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Member

live? Yes, by strengthening the virtue

of our family life through kneeling together and supplicating the Almighty in the name of his Beloved Son.

This simple practice, a return to family worship, spreading across the land and over the earth, would in a generation largely lift the blight that is rt—* K NEW AMERICA tegrity,destroyingmutualus, andrespect,it wouldand restorea spirit inof Cooei/4 MOTEL thankfulness in the hearts of the people.

That we of this great Church, the kingdom of God, may be faithful in setting an example before the world in this practice and in encouraging others to do likewise, I humbly pray, as I leave with you my testimony of its virtue, in the name of the Lord Jesus salt lake city

Christ. Amen.

Quhaw I&lmdj Iawum Iteatei pool 43 IAj&IU /lOOwA

532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Would you and your family RADIATION OF THE GOSPEL like a vacation President David 0. McKay

in an L.D.S. environment?Brethren and Sisters, we are nearing the

end of another great conference. I am

impressed with the thought that everyone who has attended, either in presence The B.Y.U. Alumni Association proudly announces the opening of a

or by listening in, no matter where he or she may be, must leave this confernew recreationeducation retreat for the enjoyment of L.D.S. members

ence with a greater determination to and their families. This pine tree paradise is located in a natural basin high

be a better man or a better woman; a

better citizen of the town, county, or up the slopes of fabulous Mt. Timpanogos, eighteen miles from Provo, Utah.

nation than he or she has ever been The new center will be ideal for family vacations during the summer before.

Brother Bernard P. Brockbank has just months and will be conveniently priced so that as many families as possible

said that it is good to be in the presence might enjoy the splendor of the Wasatch Mountains—termed by many as

of people. a good gave sermon He in the "Alps of America."So far as we know, it is the only vacation area in is "Itthat sentence. to be in the good

presence of good people."Every man the world where Latterday Saints may share recreational and educational

lives in thisand every world person who forwields an influence, or experiences together in an atmosphere of spiritual enrichment. whether good

for evil. It is not what he says alone,

it is not alone what he does. It is what

he is. Every man, every person radiates Recreational Opportunities. Recreational faciliOne Week Reservations. Aspen Grove is dewhat he or she is. Every person is a ties include a heated swimming pool ( with free signed for oneweek stays. Overnight accommorecipient of radiation. The Savior was swimming instruction), a children's wading dations or stops for a few days will not be

volleycourts, pool, tennis spacious will deck, sun permissible. begin on Saturday week Each that.conscious of he Whenever came

Softball horseball courts, badminton, diamond, the following Saturday end afternoon and ofinto the presence he an individual, central handicrafts, a lodge, shoes, cookouts, and morning.

it thatsensed was for radiation—whether those recreation program a planned who

the woman of Samaria with her past wish it. The natural beauties of the area proDates. The 1963 season will be limited to

life; whether it was the woman who was vide opportunity for hikes and horseback rides. nine weeks beginning June 29. Fifty families

to be stoned or the men who were to Horses will be available nearby for hire. can be accommodated each week. Each week

afternoon begins the followends Saturday and it statesthestone her; whether was

are: morning. ing Saturday weeks The Children's Activities. Children's activities will be of or the lepers. one Nicodemus,man,

in Korrall, a area Kitten fencedin the centered 3-10 August June 29July 6 of the conscious radiation was fromHe staff perwill fulltime supervised by which be 1017 6-13 August July individual.the to so degree a are And

crafts of sonnel. program games and will keep A 1724 1320 August July

I. is Ityou, and are so am what we in participate parents children while occupied 2431 2027 August July

and what we radiate that affects the their own activities. July 27Aug. 3

people around us.

We cannot go from this great conferTeen Programs. Teenagers will have their own 1963 Rates.

restaff fulltime will program. beence member without responsibility an A added

to order In to expenses a keep and minimum, for contests, teen competitions, dances, sponsibleto to life a contribute better around at full the of a time range to provide same of other types whatever programs andus. individuals, As think talent must we activities facilities excellent food, will not and will recreation teenprograms be by wantednobler thoughts. not encourmust the find We deluxe be accommodations you would agers.

age vile thoughts or low aspirations. at large resorts. Modern conveniences are proelectricity as water, such vided if and running shall If radiate do. them we weWe Living fifty Accommodations. indiviFeaturing

will individual but guests not rest rooms, have ifthink thoughts, noble encourage we fifty for sleeping families, cabins dual in etc. the water cabin, each aspirations, nobleand cherish there will facilities, includes living program all meals,

be that radiation when we meet people, recreational program and a limited educational 1963 rates, including cabins, meals and a especially when we associate with them. program. Cabins will have double beds for the complete vacation program, are as follows:

parents, for children, beds a limited and bunk is of is true It the That individual. ( years of Adults age 12

cribs. of are to provide asked Guests number of astrue the over) per in and $42.50 home, have heard week we

their sheets, cases, blankets, towels own and Children per 11 through 3 28.50 weekthis conference Brother from Gordon soap. size family of any Almost can accombe

Infants 3 per under 8.00 weekB. radiate Hinckley. homes Our what in cabins. Aspen modated Grove

for over person (Deduct the each $3 are, radiation that comes from andwe in of six will a family number be who in act say the andwhat Meals. how we are we "family in served style"Meals the in staying the cabin.) same

home. No member of this Church central dining hall by the B.Y.U. chefs who

prepare normally meals on the campus during to utter the righthusband, father—has

the winter months. to express a everan oath in his home or

cross word to his wife or to his chilEducational Programs. naturalist will part be A itdren. as cannot do a You man who

staff will the nature hikes conduct and and the priesthoodholds to true be and regular instruction. the ofa of program Faculty memASPEN

spirit ordination within by you your bers will nightly campfire conduct programs and and your responsibility. You have to lectures. In addition to this, the University is

contribute to an ideal home by your planning various types of oneweek classes and character, controlling your passion, your courses in the area on a fee basis.temper, guarding your speech, because GROVEFAMILY VACATION CAMP PROVO CANYON IN UTAH

those things will make your home what

Aspen Grove is a nonprofit program of the B.Y.U. Alumni Association.

Information or reservations: B.Y.U. ALUMNI HOUSE, Provo, Utah; Telephone FR 4-1211, Ext. 2515

JUNE 1963 533 I

a LATEX PAINT for it is and what it will radiate to the neighborhood.

I am reminded of a remark made by a

OUTSIDE! manboard whomeetingcame ofheretheandUnitedattendedStatesthe

member—someSteel Company ofin you1946.in thisYouaudience,will resomeremember—thatof you Generalthey invitedAuthoritiesus to willatgoes on faster tend a dinner of that board, and at the

easy as wall painting! conclusion of that entertainment the chairman, the master of ceremonies—

think it was Mr. Irving S. Olds—said:

"Now we are not going to have any set speeches, but here is an opportunity if any of you would like to express yourselves."

Mr. Nathan L. Miller, general counsel

;wwixtm$!m!mmmsmmmmimgm&s& for that board, arose, and in substance

said, "I am one of those inquisitive,

I have dries faster suspicious New Englanders, and been impressed with something in this dustfree, bugfree city that seems to be different from any n minutes! other city I have ever visited."A radiation! He continued, "I walked up and

down Main Street and watched the people. There is something about the

city which is different from any other

I have been in. I tried to define it

and wondered what it was, but during cleans up faster todayan interview(Presidentin theGeorgePresident'sAlbert Smithoffice with soap and water! was their host then, and the board had

invited him that morning) I think I discovered what it is."President George

Albert Smith had called on some of the brethren to speak to the visitors (United

States Steel board members), who were sitting and standing around the First

Presidency's board room in the Church Bennett's Administration Building.

ACRYLIC LATEX HOUSE PAINT said."He said,One"Ioflistenedthem hadto whatreferredthesetomenthe

pioneers and the spirit of the pioneers;

Guaranteed in writing by Bennett's... UseTested that before they started out across the

the direction of President plains under and Accepted by McCall's Laboratories in New York!

they divine Young, sought A totally new house paint, yours in 1,322 Colorizer first. Second, under his direction,guidancethey

colors, at Bennett's paint stores and dealers throughwere prepared. Every man would carry

out the intermountain area. (See the yellow pages of a gun and must be prepared for an

attack of savages or any other possible your local phone book.) emergency that might come to the pioBENNETT'S 65 W. 1 S. SALT LAKE CITY neers that day. And third, every man

must take just as much care of his neighbor's cattle as he did of his own.

Worship, Preparation, Service!

I do not know whether it was that that answered this gentleman's curiosity or not, but he said, "I thought in that meeting in the President's office I detected what there is in the city which is different—it is spirituality,"said he.

"That's it! It is spirituality! The pioneers had it! I am wondering if you

younger men (he spoke to those around him) can keep that spirituality with the installation of material things coming into your midst."

He was referring to that radiation of the group which we all feel. I repeat,

every individual has it. Every home

534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA radiates it, and every Latterday Saint home should have it.

A father visited his son's new home.

The son was proud to show him the new bedroom, the new installations in the kitchen. After they were through

with their visit, the father said, "Yes, it is beautiful, but I see no signs of God in your home."And the son said, "I

went back, and as I looked through the rooms, I noticed I had nothing suggestive of the presence of the Redeemer or the Savior."

What I am saying is, we leave this conference today with greater responsibility than ever before, as men of the priesthood, as women of the Church, to make our homes such as will radiate to our neighbors harmony, love, community duties, loyalty. Let our neighbors see it and hear it. Never must

there be expressed in a Latterday Saint home an oath, a condemnatory term, an expression of anger or jealousy or hatred.

Control it! Do not express it! You do

what you can to produce peace and harmony, no matter what you may suffer.

The Savior set us the example, always calm, always controlled, radiating somethingpassed—thewhich womanpeople couldwho touchedfeel as theyhis

garment. He felt something go from

him, that radiation which is divine.

Each individual soul has it. That is

you. The body is only the house in

which you live. God help us to radiate

strength, control, love, charity, which is another name for love, consideration,best wishes for all human beings. dial: Samsonite

The Church is reaching out, radiating, not only by bodies and meetings,but now through the kindness of the for instant delivery radio owners, television owners, we have touched them from the center.Listen to the people up in Alaska: "Our of folding chairs

sincere thanks for the spiritual uplift.

Reception excellent at both ends of this far north stake. Attendance at Anchorage, 89. Fifty prayers are certainly with

you. Alaska Stake President (Lloyd B.

Owen)."Fifty prayers! Why, it is just When Samsonite says instant delivery, Samsonite

radiating throughout the whole world. means tomorrow! It takes vast warehousing all

God help us as members of the priestacross the country to do it, but that's part of the hood and as members of the Church Samsonite story. Bigness. Samsonite is the big

to radiate faith in God, love of humanbrand, the famous brand—the original standard

ity, to service his people they wherever for construction institutional seating.Yet Samsonite

ofare, the I pray in Jesus Christ. name prices are as low as the lowest, Vinyl a. #1700Amen.

upholstered chair, b. #6600 Vinyl upholstered

cushioned chair, c. #2300 Juvenile chair, d. #2020

Plywood seat chair, e. #1200 Vinyl upholstered

"And the remission of sins bringeth arm chair, f. #6800 Vinyl upholstered chair.

meekness, and lowliness of heart; g.#2650 PlastiShield chair, h. #2600 allsteel chair.

and because of meekness and lowliSee Samsonite Folding Furniture on "Championship Bridge, "starring ness of heart cometh the visitation Charles Goren, Consult your local newspaper for time and station.

of the Holy Ghost, which Comforter filleth with hope and perfect love,..."FindIn llThFait

(Moroni 8:26.) Yellow Page* Samsonite FOLDING ALLPURPOSEFor price and delivery information, see your Yellow Pages under CHAIRS"ChairsFolding"or

write to Shwayder Bros., Institutional Seating Division, Dept. IE63 Detroit 29, Mich.

JUNE 1963 S3S Start Your

of Beehive MISSION SAVINGS 50 Years flow (Continued from page 450)

Early Planning Might Make the Difference in the Fulfillment of Your Mission Understand Beauty

Work Know If to are planning you serve as a missionary... if you hope Truth...... children your Love start called, will be plan a mission savings at

American Savings, now. The earlier you start, the less money Taste the sweetness of

need you because while you save American pays you... Service

extra dollars earnings at semiannually compounded to save,—a high."Feel Joy... rate. 4'/2% current

This means the amount you actually save will be considerably less than the $2,000 usually required for a mission. And, every Through that directive there is

is protected American account reserves by substantial to build for the eternity plus enough to INSURED by the Federal Savings Loan Insur- $10,000 and of life. ance Corporation, of permanent the U.S. agency Government.

In 1915 the organization of the

HERE'S HOW MUCH YOU CAN SAVE WITH OUR MISSION SAVINGS PLANS BY Beehive girls was presented to the

THE TIME YOU OR YOUR CHILD IS 19 YEARS OLD - IF YOU START NOW. YWMIA as a whole as summer work.

Present At $25.00 At $20.00 At $15.00 At $10.00 At $9.00 At $8.00 At $7.00 At $6.00 The first handbook represented Monthly Monthly Age Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly

hours and hours of arduous labor by $2,154.63 first of these the devoted members

1,990.29 committee. Beehive Madelyn As 1 (These columns opposite present 2 age $2,138.62 1,833.11

( of Silver the first Stewart a member indicate that will be the amount 3 1,963.23 1,682.76 wrote: group) with earnings accumulated by 4 1,795.46 1,538.97 $2,051.96

is with complete and "They the time the worked missionary 5 1 $2,102.14,635.00 1,868.57 1,401.43 unity. together loving of age.)* heaped They 19 years 6 1,904.81 1,693.17 1,481.52 1,269.87 $2J1646 all their present experiences past and

7 1,906.75 1,334.72 1,716.07 1,525.40 1,144.05

their inspiration, their study, and 8 1,706.16 1,194.31 1,364.93 1,535.55 1,023.70

for perfection. desire eager Then 9 1,514.31 $2,271.46 1,211.45 1,362.88 1,060.02 908.59 they selected and discarded, chose

10 1,996.21 1,330.81 1,197.73 1,064.65 931.56 798.48 and criticized until their own person11 $2,310.58 1,732.94 1,155.29 1,039.76 924.23 808.70 693.17

12 1,974.83 1,481.12 987.41 888.67 789.93 691.19 592.45 alities were lost in the magnificent

wealth and beauty presented in their 13 $2,067.11 1,653.69 1,240.27 826.85 744.16 661.48 578.79 496.11

book, the BeeHive Handbook."14 1,683.16 1,346.53 1,009.90 673.26 605.94 538.61 471.29 403.96

15 1,315.92 1,052.74 789.55 526.37 473.73 421.10 368.46 315.82 (The Improvement Era, 53 [Feb.

16 964.67 771.73 578.80 385.87 347.28 308.69 270.11 231.52 1950], p. 107.)

17 628.70 502.96 377.22 251.48 226.33 201.18 1 76.04 150.89 When the program was intro18 307.36 245.89 184.41 122.94 110.65 98.35 86.06 73.77 duced, the age for Mutual was four-

"Computed at current rate of 4'/2% per annum teen. But the twelveyear-old girl

in 1929 was clamoring at the door "SAVE THE

girls these 1929 for younger who WAY"c4mticmSama6& LOAN ASSOCIATION & AMERICAN of MIA. A class was organized in to attend not encouraged were

1 OFFICE: Salt South Main, 63 Lake City HOME 1, Utah 41/-% Mutual, but who were enrolled as Dr., OFFICE: Highland Salt HOUSE SUGAR 2186 Lake City 6, Utah

GRANGER OFFICE: 3555 Market Street, Salt Lake City 4, Utah Nymphs if they did come. When

HONOLULU DIVISIONAL OFFICE: 915 Fort Street, Honolulu, Hawaii the First Presidency decided that

1 OFFICE: KAIMUKI 142 - 12th Avenue, Honolulu, Hawaii the twelveyear-old girl belonged to

HILO OFFICE: 120 Waianuenue Avenue, Hilo, Hawaii KALIHI OFFICE: 1851 North King Street, Honolulu, Hawaii YWMIA (August 8, 1934), the

Nymphs were incorporated into the regular Beehive class.

From a threeyear program as the

Beehive was introduced, the girls of enjoy a twoyear program now MIA JUNE CONFERENCE activities. shuttled This had been

June 14, 15, 16 backary 1950,and forththe presenttwice, buttwoyearin Februpro- gram was crystallized, including the nuance Jestival twelveBeehiveandworkthirteen-yearoldhas resulted ingirls.cementing the Latterday Saint girl

into the also program and has LDS a of converting nonUniversity of Utah Stadium been means girls into the wholesome activSalt Lake City, Utah LDS ity with at times resulting baptism.

8:30 P.M. -June 1415, 1963

Free Admission

536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

One great educator mentioned the value of the lifecareer motive. Beehive has afforded lifecareer symbolism for the girls who have chosen

their symbols and found them

|challenging throughout their lives. brLulAL INSURANCE

Added to the Spirit of the Hive and the Guardian Resolve the symbolismis electrifying: FOR NONDRINKERS

Over 200,000 Good Drivers, Who Don't Drink, Have This "To guard well the golden treasure life. of in my hive

it flowers of expeEXTRA PROTECTIONAT LOW COST replenish fromTo rience along the way. Alcohol is involved in more than one out of every four fatal

cost accidents lives of Drinkdrive accidents. traffic thousands—it for present and wisely useTo my of dollars millions All every this year! injuries in damage and—future good. my that insurance in claims companies out pay costs money money—it that others generously shareTo in policyholders Preferred the that pay must premiums. money—its partake. of sweetness may insures Insurance Company Mutual Risk NONDRINKERS

is resolve."This my... drivers for Preferred not Risk the do high These pay ONLY

cost of drinkdrive accidents, yet they have far more protection

In the first Day of the Swarm of than "standard"auto policies give.

Beehive girls held in the Assembly

Hall, September 14, 1915, there was YOU GET THESE "CANCELPROTECTION"one girl who had chosen as her PREFERRED RISK DISCOUNTS 5 YEAR GUARANTEE - - FREE

It has been magnolia. thesymbol is your WRIT- 5-YEAR rates are tai- "CancelRisk Preferred Your that auto your TEN GUARANTEEProtection"pleasure throughout greather situation driving to the lored your own insurance cannot be canceled by the companyliability

accident because than you have more to this—or symwhen to tie yearssucceeding one THISan PROTECIS YOUR magnolia the with Little things anbol. GET LOWERyou deserveRATES.lower rates, YOU TION accident.AGAINST CANCELLATION—

OF EXTRA TREMENDOUS her directedas a motif have to at given no charge, when life. She receive—BENEFIT accithe full for Discount you you25% of a magnolia painting atreasures Up To 25% DISCOUNT VALUEdentfree driving Preferred under Risk's

made by the recognized artist Joseph for "accidentfree"driving Meritby stateRatinglaw.) Plan (except where prohibited

A. F. Everett. Only recently she was Hundreds of thousands of good drivers,stirred when a young woman Plus 10% DISCOUNT who don't drink, are enjoying these extra

brought to her a branch of magnolia If you drive a compact car youprotections"belong"at lowwithcost.this groupIf you ofdon'tPreferreddrink,

blossoms that had braved the winter Drivers.snows and bloomed under hardAnd 25% DISCOUNT

car when more RISK "second"PREFERRED MUTUALships. In the twinkling of an eye, on

auto insurance is valid with effective in is insured and one car than this woman was transported to the Preferred every state of the United States.

days of her Beehive and moved deeply with gratitude for the BeeFAST CLAIM SERVICE Your Personal Quotation

NO OBLIGATIONkeeper who helped introduce her to Experienced,call 24 hours helpfula day,claimsanywheremen arein theon NO COST - is If a Preferred Risk agent States. not in United your the inof life througha new way directory, this use for couponlisted rely on fast help in case of telephone can your You

quotation of rates. is not This need. an order program. or of thespiration Beehive

Indeed, Beehive is and has been, application.

will be, a way alwaysand we hope SEE YELLOW CALL AGENT YOUR LOCAL life of for the youngof women USE THIS—COUPON PAGES OR

the Church.

CC23 INSURANCE CO.

150 So. 4th E.j Salt Lake City, Utah, Dept. 663

Please send me, without obligation, complete information on your automobile insurance for Total Abstainers.

I am a total abstainer, and have had no accidents for the past 3 D or 5 [] years, (check one)

Name Address... driver'sI have hadlicensemy

Only the Fit Survive City State. years.

have,aken a in Family.No. of Cars

driver'( Continued from page 455 Occupation - trainingDYesQNo Year No. of cyls course Make of Car Model

Auto My Circle Owner for: Car Is Used is oflike this? kind a man What Insurance of This Car MYSELF PRINCIPALDRIVER ALL1. OTHER2. DRIVERS3. Expires: Business live an through thatFlores, can he

BIRTH DATE Month Pleasure D as as long Eddieordeal twice

SEX Day from work To and liferaft epifabledRickenbacker's MARRIED Year....miles one way

sode of World War II?"Reporter America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Company

Con Regan's story supplies some of Not available in New York, New Jersey, Massachusetts, North Carolina, or Virginia.

the answers to those questions.)

AGENCY INQUIRIES INVITED

JUNE 1963 537 Tough odds aren't new to Ralph

Flores.

But deep faith is.

Flores, who with Helen Klaben of

New York withstood bitter cold through 49 foodless and painfilled days, thought little about religion until two years ago.

Born in a poor family on the outskirts of Mexico City in 1921, he has since been preoccupied by many harsh realities that filled his life.

Not until the summer of 1960 did he turn his thoughts to spiritual matters.

Then, Mormon missionaries knocked on the door of his farm that was located a short way from

Fairbanks, Alaska, where he worked as a mechanic for a year before being hired by Federal Electric

Company on the DEW line.

At first Flores, his wife, children (he has five, ranging from sixteen to three years old), and Motherin-law, felt,—remembers his sixteenyear-old

daughter, Jeannette—"kind of funny

about it.""After all, we were of another

How to get the school to Johnny on time faith and Grandma and we kids

America will have to build about eleven required to build a school this size. And went to church every Sunday and

school buildings and additions a day it cost 13% to 17% less than the New my mother used to go a lot, too.

over the next three years to keep up with York State average. The secret: preDaddy didn't go, but he believed

our growing educational demands. That engineered steel components were facin God and never thought it would

means they'll have to go up fast, but toryfabricated and snipped to the job be right to change his religion."

they'll also have to be solidly built and site ready to erect. A new, lighter, However, explained Mrs. Teresa

stronger, steel tubular column city was of the Here's economical. how at their used Flores small 72 home at bright, to support it. porcelainenameled did Elmira, New York, Scott St., Bruno, "These San were steel wall panels. slender These panels for the 55ground Thecontractor broke

room Elmira School on Dec. 2, 1960, and increased usable floor space by almost very nice people, and we did not

raised the first steel columns on March 5% and provided excellent insulation. want to be rude to them, so we let

27, 1961. 500 elementary students Like the Elmira School, many of the them talk to us.

moved in on Sept. 9, 1961; followed by new school buildings we'll need by 1966 "When they left, we were not

1000 junior high students the next sewill be built with functional, preengi- convinced but said they could come neered less a than That's mester. year from again since really steel components. America grows back they were

steel. with start half the to finish, usually about time

so sincere. kept So they coming

back, and we got quite friendly,

United States Steel but it was nothing more than that for a long time."

TRADEMARK An impression was being made though, for, said his daughter, "Daddy kept thinking about it, and wondering if what they said could

DRINK IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS be true.

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple "One night in the fall, he came

and throat irritations. in the furnace and he was crying.ficq sore throat and other minor mouth up from the cellar after putting coal A delightful mother's went to "He room and for those hot beverage

told that her just given had God don't who drink coffee. HALL'S REMEDY a feeling, him that in and he knew Salt Lake City. Utah GROCERS YOUR AT his heart the right."were Mormons

"It has made a big difference in

HUNT WYOMING MULE DEER, MOOSE & ELK our lives,"said Mrs. Flores. "He GIFTS WEDDING bucks established trophy camp's from from told the last on telephone night me

is in shooting September guaranteed pack gift that camp, enjoyed the Give that again for thanks he showGod Trail rides June, July and through December. a 1 2 months year

in fishing lakes streams. and August. Good the truth, said ing him because he

to or Write, Wire Phone THE ERA IMPROVEMENT

CAMPS HUNTING GRANT M. BARRUS

Licensed Afton, Guide Only $3.00—Begin with the June Wyo.

Bonded Phone 016M1 Outfitter General Conference Issue

538 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA it was this that kept him alive.

"I told him I had been praying for him and so had the little ones and

Mama. He said he knew it, and

God had let him hear those prayers every day in the snow and cold.

"He said on the phone, 'The prayers gave me strength, and when

I didn't know where the strength would come from I prayed and God answered by keeping us alive."

[When talking on the telephone,

Ralph Flores was in a hospital in

Whitehorse, Yukon Territory. Later,

with his wife, he flew to Salt Lake

City where he attended April conference Saturday and Sunday. On

Monday the couple flew on to San

Francisco where Flores saw his children and other relatives for the first time in over 10 months.]

When he was only three years old, his mother died, leaving him, his

Superintendent, Earl, Construction R. Mr. Roy sisters alone brother and twoyoung

Hall, Recreation Chapel Holladay and LDS was their father whowith A.I.A. City. Architects: Jackson a Salt Lake & Sharp,

day laborer.

Life was hard, money scarce, and Roof decking easily the age At short.... oftenfood of applied to Rilco arches this to councame 1944, Flores23 in

try and, beating his way up the and beams by volunteers

California coast, found work in Santa

Maria as a mechanic. "Rilco roof construction enabled us to use considerably more volunteer

An amateur boxer, he met his wife labor than is normally the case,"reports Mr. Roy Earl who supervised

there in 1945 following a middleconstruction for the 6th and 13th Wards in Salt Lake City.

weight fight which she had watched "The arches and beams were erected with little difficulty and the win.him Flores, born in Indio of roof decking was installed by inexperienced labor. This resulted in Mrs.

Mexican parents (she holds dual significant savings in the total construction costs,"he states.

citizenship), found much in common Economical Rilco laminated wood arches and beams were precision with her husbandto-be, as she had fabricated and arrived ready for immediate installation. No additional

spent considerable time in Mexico cutting or fitting was required. The attractive appearance of the strucand had even taught school there tural members and decking also resulted in further savings by eliminatin Durango during 1940 and 1941. ing the need for false ceilings. Finished natural, they provide a warm,

huswonderful a has been "He inviting atmosphere for worship and keep maintenance costs low.

fine father who to and aband me has always provided well for his Investigate the advantages of using Rilco lamibuilding program. in your wood membersfamily. He has never either smoked nated

I discuss > MIC will be engineers Rilco service happy toor drunk.

"Even so, I don't know if you can your plans with you or your architect without obliunderstand it that he has become gation... and a helpful booklet

even better, we are all so much of construction ideas is availcloser, since we were converted to able, free. Write today.

Mormonism. "That is why we are glad we left

San Bruno (the family moved from

Santa Maria to Daly City in 1950 and to San Bruno in 1956) and he Weyerhaeuser Company quit his job at the garage here to go Rilco Engineered Wood Products Division to Alaska without even a job to Box B-558, Tacoma 1, Washington go to. APlease send your free Church Construction Idea Booklet.

"We have since said it was God's Please have your Service Engineer contact us.

will to take us to those people who brought us the truth and showed us Name.

such goodness in life."Ward.

Address.

City..Zone State.

JUNE 1963 539 The Church of Jesus Christ of I-atterday Saints office of the first presidency

Salt Lake City ii.Utah

May 2, 1963

TO PRESIDENTS OF STAKES, BISHOPS OF WARDS

AND PRESIDENTS OF MISSIONS

Dear Brethren:

The Council of the First Presidency and Quorum of the Twelve has this year designated June 9, 1963, for commemorating the restoration of the Melchlzedek

Priesthood.

It is suggested that the accompanying program be used for treatment of the subjects outlined. Appropriate songs should also be provided and every effort

made to make the services commemorating this important event such as to strengthen the faith and testimonies of all who hear them.

The regular Sacrament meeting should be used to present this program. Will

each stake and mission president be kind enough to contact each of his ward bishoprics or presidents of branches and quorum presidencies'and encourage them to lend their good offices for making the services successful. We suggest that the mission

presidents adapt the program so far as possible to fit the situation in the various branches of the missions.

In the stakes where quarterly conferences are to be held on June 9th, it is suggested that the program be carried out in the Sacrament meeting the Sunday of

June 23, 1963.

Faithfully yours.

WLrJ. f) totti*.

The First Presidency

PROGRAM FOR COMMEMORATING THE RESTORATION OF THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

I. Talk (20 Minutes) C. Blessings Resulting from Obedience to the

A. A New Promise to the World. (D&C 2:1; Covenant. (D&C 76:5561; D&C Commentary,

127:8; 128:17; DHC, Vol. I, p. 40.) 1955, p. 507.)

B. The Promise Fulfilled. (D&C 78:1-2; 112:30- D. Responsibility to Magnify One's Priesthood.

32; DHC, Vol. I, pp. 4042, Note.) 1. Know the plan of salvation. (D&C 11:15-

C. Significance of the Promise. (D&C 2:1; 68:1522; 19:23; 88:118122.)

19; 86:8-11; 132:7; 107Choose verses that

apply.) 2. Hold to gospel standards. (D&C 88:121,

II. Talk (20 Minutes) 123126; 84:4348.)

A. How the Melchizedek Priesthood Is Con- 3. Exercise unselfish service. (D&C 58:26ferred-By Oath and Covenant. (D&C 84:3329; Cite blessings resulting from true

40.) service to fellow men.)

B. Consequences of Breaking the Covenant. (Other references may be added to those cited

(D&C 84:41.) above if found desirable.)

540 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA itti MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

ONE HUNDRED THIRTYFOUR YEARS I THE RESTORATION OF THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD *W

The Susquehanna River, running quiet and deep, pensation of the fulness of times!"(Ibid., 128:20.)

traversed its lonely way through the virgin forests of Now, one hundred thirtyfour years later, we pause northern Pennsylvania. On that day in late May, to remember and to commemorate this impressive and

or very early June 1829 there was little to disturb holy event. Many are inclined to take for granted the

its calm flowing or the serenity of its surroundings. Melchizedek Priesthood and its power. Often conWhile settlements had broken the orderly wave of ferred in early maturity, before young men have

the forest here and there, the pristine wilderness was ripened in responsibility, they, at first, are not conundisturbed along much of its course. In a secluded scious of the authority they now possess. Its use and

dell near the bank of this poetically named stream, control is a gradual process and, like a bank vault unknown and unmarked, took place one of the most which must have performed on it a combination of profound events ever to happen on earth. several acts simultaneously executed before it will

Peter and James and John, the same three who open, requires a combination of acts and attitudes witnessed the transfiguration of the Savior on the before its power is made manifest to its holder.

Mount, and there received their own authority to It gives one the right to hold office and to execute preside over the ancient, primitive church, visited the the demands of that office with authority. This may

earth and appeared to Joseph Smith and Oliver be an office in the priesthood and in the active organCowdery. During the interview they conferred the izations of the Church. Its manifestation in these

Priesthood of the Son of God, the Melchizedek Priestco-operative efforts tends to teach one the value of hood, upon these two young men. They received, teamwork and the necessity of obedience.

also, the holy apostleship, the highest office in this Reaching deeper into the heart of man it gives the priesthood. Unlike the circumstance of the visit of right to call down blessings on his family and to

John the Baptist a few days earlier, the Prophet rebuke disease and discomfort both in its members, said very little about the detail of this event. Its his children, and his other relatives and friends.

circumstance was wellknown to the early associates This tends to humble his soul and to make him fit of the Prophet Joseph, and he himself made pointed to hear the whispering of the Spirit of the Lord.

reference to it several times, two of which appear in Even then one is slow to realize its mighty power.

the Doctrine and Covenants: We are told that by its use the worlds are made and

"And also, with Peter, and James, and John, whom men fitted to become sons of God.

I have sent unto you, by whom I have ordained you As the program here suggested is presented to the and confirmed you to be apostles, and especial witpeople, those who take part should humble themnesses of my name, and bear the keys of your minselves that they might receive of the Spirit. Then,

istry and of the same things which I revealed unto thus properly endowed, their part will impress the them"; (D&C 27:12.) listeners with the true place of the priesthood in

"And again, what do we hear? Glad tidings from their lives. The music should be simple, solemn,

Cumorah! Moroni, an angel from heaven, declaring sublime. The prayers should be expressions in the

the fulfilment of the prophets—the book to be revealed. simple language of the one voicing the petition, of

A voice of the Lord in the wilderness of Fayette, gratitude and thanksgiving for this great gift to us.

Seneca county, declaring the three witnesses to bear And those who deliver the sermons should do record of the book! The voice of Michael on the banks their best to interpret the gift of the priesthood

of the Susquehanna, detecting the devil when he by the spirit invoked by fasting and prayer and appeared as an angel of light! The voice of Peter, by study of the scriptures attesting its divine nature

James, and John in the wilderness between Harmony, and power.

Susquehanna county, and Colesville, Broome county, Then, on that occasion, in each gathering people on the Susquehanna river, declaring themselves as will be fed, edified, and filled. That, fundamentally,

possessing the keys of the kingdom, and of the disis the purpose of this memorial exercise.

JUNE 1963 541 THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC'S PAGE ADVICE BY RUSSELL L. ROGERS

In some of my more serious moments of meditation I have thought of our brief mortal existence as just a fleeting instant in the eternity of time. Yet in that instant we mold

our character to prepare us for eternal exaltation. For many of us

this moment of preparation is not an easy one, but then I don't think it was meant to be. After all, the ultimate blessing of eternal progression

would be a hollow victory indeed if we were to look back on our mortal testing ground and be forced to admit we were just lucky. Granted, we

as Latterday Saints know that this is an impossible situation, for we are given the knowledge that whatever degree of exaltation we attain must be earned. Still, the principle is a

valid one as it pertains to our lives today. It's always pleasant to experience an unexpected stroke of good

fortune, but the true feeling of satisfaction and accomplishment comes only from the result of our own efforts by using our physical or mental powers to resolve some formidable problem, or even more rewarding, when we have faced a ADVICE great temptation and emerged victorious. TO For most of us the conflict

against temptation is the most diffiYOUNG cult obstacle of all, especially during our teens and early adulthood. Our MEN friends in school come from a varied

m background of religious beliefs, ranging from those who profess no

542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

faith to those who have embraced our own cherished the inner calm and serenity of a sage thrice his years.

truths; and many times we may find ourselves a He began again, "I looked up and told him to pull

minority of just one Latterday Saint in the entire the trigger—that I was prepared to die. I closed my

group. This situation can be a trying one, for it's eyes and waited for the end, but a moment later he

only natural to want to feel respected by our conlaid the gun down and smiled weakly and said sometemporaries and to be accepted as part of the crowd. thing about just testing me. They never bothered

That's fine until the crowd wants to go somewhere me again."

or do something which you know in your heart to be As the enormity of my friend's ordeal engulfed me, wrong. Leave, and you can almost feel the snickering I could not bring myself to speak, and we drove on

and whispered references to the "prude."You feel for several miles in silence. Softly then he said to

branded as a hopeless "square."Yet, if you go along himself, "I think I've passed—I know myself now."

with the gang and participate in those activities you This is the test we must be prepared to face. We

know are wrong and against your own personal code must strengthen our personalities to become masters of conduct, your conscience becomes an almost inof our destiny. Few of us will undergo my friend's

tolerable burden. experience, but I think we meet one of our first real

Is there any easy way out? Should we limit our tests of character when friends conduct themselves

associations to just members of our Church? Cerin a manner not up to our standards, and we must

tainly there is strength in numbers, and we would be decide to remain with them or leave. The answer

exposed to temptations of the world much less. This again is straightforward, for sometimes we come to

is the dilemma that has perplexed us all to some large the line beyond which we simply cannot go. I've been

or small extent. Well, when we think of it, the answer in this predicament only once or twice, but I've

here is obvious, for we just can't limit our friendship found that a remark like, "You are some of my very that way nor would we want to. After all, Jesus faced best friends, and I admire and respect you, but now

this situation as a minority of one and he didn't limit we are beginning to do things which I honestly his ministry to those who believed just as we do. If believe to be wrong, and so I cannot remain with you,"

we are to emulate him, we must never exclude will give you a graceful exit and win you greater ourselves from the company of others because of respect and admiration. If your sense of discernment

differences in religious beliefs. To do so would make dictates, then admonish them to follow some activity

us guilty of the worst sort of bigotry. in which you can freely participate—otherwise stick

The solution I propose to our dilemma is not easy to your decision and leave. True, you may have to

at first, but I promise that you will be happy with the endure an unkind remark or two, and if so, do it results. A friend of mine once gave me the answer. with a quiet dignity befitting your character. One

You see, he was a prisoner of war and had escaped thing I promise: you will not lose friends but gain

once from the prison camp only to be recaptured, them, and they will recognize in you qualities which utterly exhausted, halfstarved and numb from the draw the respect of everyone. Most important, when

cold. For the next three weeks he was tormented you have passed this test, you have just met a new

is thisby his captors to sign a false confession of spying and person. He stands a little taller now, and there

alleged illegal warfare. His determination and valor bit of wisdom and confidence about him that somebore the mark of a great warrior and patriot, for his how we hadn't noticed before.

interrogators could not make him yield. Then, in

one final display of exasperation one of his captors BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH drew an automatic and leveled it at my friend's Major Rogers is a convert to the Church. He was baptized

temple. "Obey me and sign this document at once in 1958 after stake missionaries helped him to understand

or I shall kill you this instant,"he raged! There was the eternal truths of the gospel. During that time he was

attending the University of Colorado as an Air Force a long moment of silence as my friend relived that student in aeronautical engineering. He later attended the

experience, then he continued softly, "I knew that the USAF Test Pilot School at Edwards Air Force Base,

California. After graduation he remained at that base as a

end would come in one merciful, blinding flash—test pilot in fighter aircraft. He was recently named as

fleeting thought of my wife and little girl passed one of a group of five Air Force pilots to testfly the through my mind—but I had decided long before X-20the maneuvering,DynaSoar spacereentryglidercapabilitieswhich is designedof a wingedto explorespace

that for me at least, death would be better than to craft. He has been working as an engineering pilot conbetray myself and my country."As I waited for him sultantHe andin histhe familyX20 projectreside forat Edwardsmore thanAFBtwo whereyears. he is

to continue, I glanced at him and saw in his eyes a branch clerk and substitute Sunday School teacher.

JUNE 1963 543 KEOLE TODAYS FAMILY, FLORENCE B. P1NNOCK, EDITOR

Over seventy years ago "Keole,"a word contraction, even from doing. But underlying everything else is

was chosen by a little girl as her motto. The word the fact that to be truly happy we must "keep on

motto has an oldfashioned connotation but this learning"to the very end. Have a plan. I remember

"Keole,"or "Keep on learning,"used as a challenge when I was a little girl wondering, as I dusted my years ago, has a newfashioned ring today. A child father's bedside table, why he always had such a

of six stands on the threshold of formal education, a stack of books on it. There would be one or two

boy of seventeen finishes high school, a man of church books, a book of philosophy, one of adventwenty-five accepts a graduate degree, a mother of ture and travel, a biography, and usually a novel, tiny children steals an hour a day to read, a man each with a bookmark to keep track of his place.

ready to retire sees a new horizon in study, a greatEvery week the bookmarks would be nearer the end grandfather, whose sight is dim, depends on tape of the volumes. Now that I'm older I see the value

recordings or records for knowledge, the motto "keep of a balance in reading in order to make a worthon learning"has no end. while, interesting person. One famous man (and he

How can a person ever become bored with so is a great student) says that his reading has all taken much left to learn? There are so many new ideas to place after midnight. A mother, on the other hand,

tap, so many old concepts to investigate and add to, says she always gets up thirty minutes before the such a wonderful world with which to become acfamily to have that quiet time to herself to read.

quainted. No day is ever long enough to cram into Ruth May Fox's 'children claim that one of their

it all the reading, studying, and doing. There is a fondest memories is seeing their mother sitting at

consoling thought—everyone has the same amount of the dining room table with her head bent over a book

time every day, twentyfour hours, a gift from each as they went to bed.

sunrise, to use as we see fit. As a mother, as a father, have your children often

Some people always hurry but never accomplish, seen you with a book in your hand? Are you teaching

others stroll leisurely through life and build skythem to love to read? Have you discovered the thing

scrapers, move mountains, and change the world's each child is interested in and led him to books thinking. The great difference between the two on the subject? Have you helped him make learning

groups is organization. To organize, to plan ahead, fun? Summertime is perfect for this project. Set

to have a goal is so important if lives are to be really aside time to read together, maybe it will be as you lived. Each hour should be respected and dignified travel along in a car. The rhythm of the car seems

by learning. to match the rhythm of poetry, or perhaps an hour

Little "Keole"read everything she could lay her Sunday afternoon can be set aside for reading tohands on. Knowledge comes from many directions, gether. Give each child an extra dividend from duties

from reading, from observing, from listening, and every day to read alone in some quiet corner. Mother,

544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA save an hour a day for yourself and read. "Keole"—Menu #4

keep on learning is a motto to remember. Cold Sliced Ham Special String Beans'

Tomato Aspic Salad TIME SAVING SUMMER MENUS Ice Cream topped with Raspberries

In order to have that extra hour or two for reading Menu #5 this summer, why not pick up that time by serving Lima Beans Franks in Hot Rolls tempting meals that can be prepared in minutes. Vegetable Salad

There is no need to sacrifice taste, appearance, or Iced Watermelon nutrition as you swiftly put together these meals for your family. Time is saved by planning ahead and Menu #6

doing most of the preparation for the evening meal Cold Fried Chicken or cold cuts in the cool of the morning hours. Corn on the cob Brown Rice Casserole*

Tossed Salad with Special Dressing*

Menu #1 Sliced Peaches and Cream

Fish sticks Pimento Potatoes Oven Carrots Fish Sticks (Serves 4)

Cucumber salad Quick Packaged Angel Food Cake 1 pkg. frozen fish sticks

topped with whipped cream and fruit V4 cup French dressing lk teaspoon chili powder Menu #2 lA teaspoon oregano Ground Beef Special* Oven French Fries Vi teaspoon pepper

Corn and Tomato Casserole* Vz teaspoon salt

Raw Vegetable Plate Vz teaspoon prepared mustard

Strawberries and Cream 1 tablespoon lemon juice or sweet pickle juice 1 tablespoon catsup Menu #3 Oven Fried Chicken Macaroni and Cheese Put the fish sticks on aluminum in a shallow pan.

New Peas Brush well with a mixture made of the other ingrediFruit Salad ents. Bake as directed on fish package. Turn when

Cookies and Milk half done and brush with remaining mixture.

JUNE 1963 545

350 degree F. oven for aboutKEOL 20 minutes.

Lima Beans (6-7 servings)

3 cups hot cooked lima beans, or use frozen baby limas ( cooked 3 tablespoons finely chopped onion 3 tablespoons minced parsley 3 tablespoons minced pimiento 3 tablespoons butter % cup sour cream

Saute the onions, pimiento in the butter. Drain the beans and add

the other ingredients. Season to

taste; heat but do not boil.

Pimento Potatoes edges well. Broil on both sides and Brown Rice Casserole

serve piping hot. (6 servings)

2 cups diced, cooked potatoes P/2 cups milk Corn and Tomato Casserole 2 cups cooked brown rice % teaspoon mustard (Serves 4 or 5) Vz cup chopped green pepper 2 teaspoons cornstarch 1 can cream of mushroom soup salt and pepper to taste 2 cups drained corn Vz soup can milk 2 tablespoons minced parsley 1 can tomato soup season to taste with salt and pepper 2 tablespoons minced onion 1 green pepper chopped fine 4 tablespoons chopped pimento 1 slice of bread, crumbled Cook the brown rice according to 1 cup grated cheese instructions on package adding a

Mix all the ingredients and cover bouillon cube to the cooking water.

Add the cornstarch, onion, and seawith buttered cracker crumbs. Do not cook too much. Mix all the

sonings to the milk and stir over heat Sprinkle with paprika. Bake at 425 ingredients. Put in casserole and

until thickened. Add the cheese and degrees F. for about 30 minutes. bake for about 30 minutes at 350

continue to stir until the cheese is degrees F.

melted. Add the pimento. Line Oven Fried Chicken

the bottom of the casserole with the Vegetable Salad Dressing potatoes, pour over it half of the % cup flour cheese sauce, add the remaining 1 teaspoon salt 1 cup mayonnaise potatoes, pour over the rest of the IV2 teaspoons paprika 1 tablespoon lemon juice sauce. Cover with buttered crumbs. V2 teaspoon pepper 1 teaspoon sugar

Bake at same temperature as the about Vz cup butter or salad oil Vz green pepper chopped fine fish until the crumbs are brown and 2 or 3 pound frying chicken cut 3 tablespoons finely chopped green casserole bubbling. in pieces onion

V2 cup finely chopped, welldrained

Oven Carrots Mix the dry ingredients in a paper cucumber bag. Shake 2 or 3 pieces of chicken xk cup finely chopped radishes

Sprinkle grated raw carrots with a at a time in the bag* to coat thor- 1 teaspoon horseradish dash of ginger, salt, and pepper, and oughly. Place the chicken, skinside salt to taste

add just enough water to moisten. down, single layer in a shallow pan.

Bake along with the rest of the Bake in a 375 degree F. oven. Turn Combine the ingredients and chill.

dinner for about 30 minutes. the chicken after 30 minutes of bakDelicious served as a dressing on

ing and cook other side up for lettuce wedges.

Ground Beef Special another 30 minutes or until chicken You will notice that almost every is tender. menu is an oven dinner and in each

Season the ground beef with onion case the dishes may be prepared salt, pepper, tabasco sauce, WorSpecial String Beans ready for the oven in the morning cestershire sauce. Add Vz cup and set in the refrigerator until time

powdered whole milk, 2 tablespoons This is an easy dish to prepare, and to bake before dinner in the evening.

catsup. Mix well. With one pound it always tastes good. Combine All the fuss and mess can be over

of beef form 10 thin patties, place a canned whole string beans with early in the day. Organization is all

slice of cheese on 5 patties and cover mushroom soup, top with canned it takes to discover extra time in with remaining patties and seal tiny fried onion rings. Bake in a which to read.

546 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Can Men Know God?

( Continued from page 454

not all with us?..."( Matt. 13:5456.

Had Jesus not looked like others would his contemporaries have commented on the fact that he was the carpenter's son and, further, mentioned his brothers and sisters and his mother? There was no mystery

there. He looked like the members of

his family, he talked like them, and he was one with them. Why should there

be questions in the minds of educated people or ministers about what

Jesus was like if they have read that reference? He performed numerous

acts that showed his physical likeness to men. He ate, slept, walked

on earth, conversed with people, became tired, wept, showed righteous anger, exhibited love, and was concerned about little children. i ", i j '/

Some declare that he was changed after his death and resurrection. A title on the door... rates a Bigelow on the floor

They aver that he was no longer in the form of a man, and that he could P. S. If you're maintaining a fast executive pace these days, it's a capital idea to

not be seen or heard as before he upgrade your office with Bigelow Carpet. Thick and soft for pacing back and

died. Others have claimed that he forth. A soundproofing help, too. Special designs, colors and textures available.

is something in space or that we do Write for our colorful free brochure on Bigelow commercial carpets to Dept. A,

not know what Jesus is like now. 140 Madison Avenue, New York, N. Y. People who know... buy BIGELOw!

Still others believe that we only know that he was like a man and we cannot comprehend God. These

beliefs similar declarations and other statementsare common among TH E MUSIC MAN

Christian people today. And yet, the

record is unmistakably clear regarding Christ's appearance as a personHAROLD LUNDSTROM age, having a body of flesh and bone as tangible as man's, both prior to and following his death and resurrection.

Luke records that Christ, after he was resurrected, appeared unto two men who were on theirway to Emmaus. They were talking about "... He's the Deseret News'

these things which had happened"music man. His reviews

and as they did, "... Jesus... drew of current performances

near, and went with them.""But,"are candid and meaningsays the record, "their eyes were ful. His columns about

holden that they should not know the world of music are him. current and complete. He said unto them, he What "And

are these makes music interesting of communicationsmanner that ye have one to another, as ye even for monotones.

walk, and are sad? Read Lundstrom in your

... "And the one of them, whose name family newspaper

was Cleopas, answering said unto him, Art thou only a stranger in

Jerusalem, and hast not known the things which are come to pass therein these days?"BlEHEIMIET MHW$

THE MOUNTAIN Wf ST'S JfiUfrH f W 1 I

JUNE 1963 547

"And he said unto them, What disciples were within, and Thomas "And the times of this ignorance things?"(Luke 24:1419.) They with them: then came Jesus, the God winked at; but now commandthen conversed with him about the doors being shut, and stood in the eth all men every where to repent":

things which had taken place, and midst, and said, Peace be unto you. (Acts 17:2230.)

he instructed them regarding his "Then saith he to Thomas, Reach From the time of this discourse on mission, but they did not know that hither thy finger, and behold my Mars'hill men have turned from the it was Jesus Christ until he ate with hands; and reach hither thy hand, knowledge that man is the offspring

them, when "... their eyes were and thrust it into my side: and be of God and made in his image. In

opened and they knew him; and he not faithless, but believing. the words of Paul there was a time

vanished out of their sight."(Ibid., "And Thomas answered and said that God winked at this ignorance

24:31.) These men hurried to the unto him, My Lord and my God."but now requires repentance on the

ten disciples and bore witness (Ibid., 20:1920, 2428.) part of all men.

that the Lord had appeared unto There are many who take the In the face of all the evidence them. While they spoke to the same attitude as Thomas. They are vouchsafed to man regarding the

apostles, "... Jesus himself stood in unwilling to believe unless they have actuality of Christ's advent on earth

the midst of them, and saith unto seen. All who disbelieve, as did and his resurrection following his

them, Peace be unto you."(Ibid., Thomas, should be reminded of the death, men lived in ignorance for

24:36.) They thought they had seen statement of the Savior to'the nearly two thousand years—that is

a spirit, but Jesus said, "Behold my doubter, "... Because thou hast seen from the time of the apostles until

hands and my feet, that it is I myme, thou hast believed: blessed are the restoration of the gospel in these

self: handle me, and see; for a spirit they that have not seen, and yet latter days—of the knowledge of the

hath not flesh and bones, as ye see have believed."(Ibid., 20:29.) truth about God.

me have."(Ibid., 24:39.) Then he Following these appearances in Early in the nineteenth century

took food and ate it so that they New Testament times, men again the Lord appeared to the boy could see that he was not a spirit turned away from the true knowlProphet Joseph Smith in the Sacred but had a physical body. edge of God and worshiped other Grove in Palmyra, New York. ReJohn the Beloved also recorded things. Paul reminded men in his garding this appearance, Joseph

the account of the appearance of day of the need to worship the true Smith stated, "... When the light

Christ to the Twelve with particular and Living God when he declared: rested upon me I saw two Personreference to the part which Thomas "... Ye men of Athens, I perages, whose brightness and glory

played. John wrote that Jesus, after ceive that in all things ye are too defy all description, standing above

his resurrection, appeared to Mary superstitious. me in the air. One of them spake

Magdalene and said, "... go to my "For as I passed by, and beheld unto me, calling me by name and

brethren, and say unto them, I your devotions, I found an altar said, pointing to the other—This is

ascend unto my Father, and your with this inscription, TO THE UNMy Beloved Son. Hear Him!"

Father; and to my God, and your KNOWN GOD. Whom therefore ye (Joseph Smith 2:17.)

God."(John 20:17.) Mary Magdaignorantly worship, him declare I A few years following the appearlene did as she was instructed and unto you. ance of the Father and the Son to

told the disciples that she had seen "God that made the world and all Joseph Smith, he and Sidney Rigdon the Lord and related what he had things therein, seeing that he is Lord received the "Vision of the Glories."

told her. And then John records, of heaven and earth, dwelleth not In that testimony, received Febru-

"Then the same day at evening, in temples made with hands; ary 16, 1832, they recorded: "And

being the first day of the week, when "Neither is worshipped with men's now, after the many testimonies the doors were shut where the hands, as though he needed any which have been given of him, this disciples were assembled for fear of thing, seeing he giveth to all life, is the testimony, last of all, which the Jews, came Jesus and stood in and breath, and all things; we give of him: That he lives!

the midst, and saith unto them, Peace "And hath made of one blood all "For we saw him, even on the be unto you. nations of men for to dwell on all right hand of God; and we heard

"And when he had so said, he the face of the earth, and hath dethe voice bearing record that he is shewed unto them his hands and termined the times before appointed, the Only Begotten of the Father—

his side. Then were the disciples and the bounds of their habitation; "That by him, and through him,

glad, when they saw the Lord.... "That they should seek the Lord, and of him, the worlds are and

"But Thomas, one of the twelve, if haply they might feel after him, were created, and the inhabitants called Didymus, was not with them and find him, though he be not far thereof are begotten sons and daughwhen Jesus came. from every one of us ters unto God."(D&C 76:2224.)

"The other disciples therefore aid "For in him we live, and move, In that vision they beheld the unto him, We have seen the Lord. and have our being; as certain also Lord and Savior Jesus Christ and

But he said unto them, Except I of your own poets have said. For testified that they saw him, "even

shall see in his hands the print of we are also his offspring. on the right hand of God."They

the nails, and put my finger into the "Forasmuch then as we are the further testified that "by him, and print of the nails, and thrust my offspring of God, we ought not to through him, and of him, the worlds hand into his side, I will not think that the Godhead is like unto are and were created, and the inbelieve. gold, or silver, or stone, graven by habitants thereof are begotten sons

"And after eight days again his art and man's device. and daughters unto God."They also

548 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

testified that they beheld "... an

angel of God who was in authority in the presence of God, who rebelled against the Only Begotten Son whom the Father loved and who was in the bosom of the Father, was thrust down from the presence of God and the Son."(Ibid., 76:25.) This was

Lucifer who fell from his high station because of his rebellion in the world of spirits. He it is who has

placed it in the hearts of men to deny the personality of God, and who has used his power to pervert this knowledge of him.

Jesus Christ has made himself known to man whenever he has had prophets and seers on earth to whom he could reveal himself. These accounts are clear and easy to understand by the honest seeker after

truth. The language with which

they are recorded is unmistakably clear and sufficiently plain for all to understand who would seek to know about God from the testimony of others.

The fact that the Savior has made appearances unto man in the times of the ancient prophets and leaders, to the apostles following his resurrection, and in this day, as recorded above, is true, and he will yet appear unto the inhabitants of the earth at the time of his second coming. It

is recorded in Acts that: "And when When planning

he had spoken these things, while they beheld, he was taken up; and a your Ward or

cloud received him out of their sight.

.. "And while they looked stedfastly Stake outings

toward heaven as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in apparel;white Let owiZcMfow readyto-serve Salads "Which also said, Ye men of Galigazing stand ye up intolee, why is perk up your menu this which Jesus, sameheaven?

taken up from you into heaven, shall 17 varieties including potato - macaroni so come in like manner as ye - cole slaw and 14 flavors in gelatin have seen him go into heaven."Special prices to Buy it in bulk

(Acts 1:9-11.)

Jesus will come to earth as has Church groups on been recorded in the scriptures and salads—chili—

as predicted by the prophets of God tamales—pizza -in all dispensations. When he does

appear we shall see that we are like frozen steaks him; that man is made in his image;

that he has body, parts, and passions; that he has a body of flesh

and bones as tangible as mans;

and that he is the same who appeared unto Adam, Noah, Abraham,

Isaac, Jacob, Moses, the eleven apostles, Joseph Smith, and others according to their testimonies.

JUNE 1963 549 FEDERATED SECURITY These Times

(Continued from page 441) INSURANCE COMPANY

Announces approaching the high school stadium

REDUCED RATES IN 1963 ON ALL INSURANCE PLANS for basketball or football games

Featuring with our offspring aboard, staying home from church, and using poor

SPECIAL RATES TO NONSMOKERS language.

ON PERMANENT LIFE PLANS 3. Having acquired maximum personality development with the right

For Details Contact Your Federated Security Agent or Write Direct to quotient of sound moral behavior

next expect the schools to see to FEDERATED SECURITY we(which will see them through life), our children's mental health. Knowing from experience that we inhabit INSURANCE COMPANY a high energy civilization, aware of

P. O. Box 2T67 the fact that fifty percent of our

SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH hospital beds are filled with mental

William A. Barlocker Harry R. Stout patients, we now want the schools

Chairman President to be sure that Katy and John are capable of adjusting into the life of such a society without mental or nervous breakdown, now or later.

4. For the unusual child, we

expect programs in special education to take care of the physically handicapped, the audio or visual turiKcctte, mwtettfo handicapped, together with other aberrations of the human mind,

Otfo vital motttettte spirit, and intellect.

5. Next we expect the schools to

turn out a boy or girl who will be an economic success. We expect the

young person to be trained in a skill, trade, or profession; or simply

have the gumption to do what he's told when he reports to the factory, field, or work bench for a job. Moreover, we expect him within a short

period of time to enhance the profits of our businesses, reduce waste where we have been unable to do so, and improve the economic order Please send NAME also expect disordered. have we We

-..: schools products the to do and their Free ADDRESS

utilizing the national, without STATE, this HOME STUDY CITY restate, governmental and local

Catalog to... HOME STUDY Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah sources which we, their parents and

their grandparents, have found necessary—and which we have invoked

ATTENTION SCANDINAVIANS! Order This and saddled upon them for the fuIfs Sno Kone... Cotton Candy... ture. This latter task—of being thePopcorn time. We have the equipABLESKIVER PAN free, selfdependent individuals their

Aluminum... for rent Moulded have of Durable or sale. Madement We of the.. parents minor not—is one were

Danish delightful oldfashioned Bakes every for need suppliesthe your the things expect American we delidifferent and They're pastry. extra every thatto buck make love cious. Kids today. school to do

ward, stake, mutual or Boy Scout SSk them. Recipe 6. Next we expect our schools to

troop needs. included. produce a product which will be a

Write or call ONLY political and a social success. These

THEATRE CANDY DISTRIBUTING CO. *375 preceding.desiderata flowWhereasnaturallytoday'soutparentsof the

1232 South State Street received RFC, HOLC, or other fedSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH eral loans in the 1930's, or an AAA

EMpire 4-3669 FOR MAIL ORDERS ADD 50c POSTAGE payment for not growing cotton or

Member of National Association of Concessionaires and can take care of your needs through PEHRSON HARDWARE associates ANYWHERE IN THE UNITED STATES. 2115 5. 11th East, Salt Lake City, Utah

sso THE IMPROVEMENT ERA wheat, or other federal benefits under the Soil Conservation Domestic

Allotment Act of 1934, etc., etc., etc.,

we expect the schools now to overcome all of the mistakes of the past generation and so to imbue the present classrooms with the spirit of

Daniel Boone that our problems on the political front will be alleviated.

On the social front, we expect the schools to engage in such effective teaching and practices that the world is rid of communism, juvenile delinquency, death on the highways, illegitimacy, alcoholism, drug addiction, and, of course, the burdens of excessive taxation which I have mentioned before.

7. Finally, we expect our schools,

including the universities, to provide a quick and easy cure for cancer and most of the other evils which beset the human race—tasks which we assume gladly.

To be able to read well, speak well, write well, foresee with the mind, and calculate with intelliTops for berries... and your breakfast cereal Tops in preference for canning and

simple the longer burgence, is no freezing, pure, as fine, sweet, as both as white commercial and as any home It's as all the schools. placed onden And

for full preserving every sweetening buy... sugar you can and It brings use out the

isthis to accomexpected load be plished, fundamentally, at university flavor of fruit... and other pleasure foods, from ice cream and candy to soft drinks and

institutions having teachertraining bakery desserts y and, SUGAR COMPANY SALT LAKE CITY# UTAH programs, where in four years we twentyaare to produce supposed

SALT LAKE CITY'S %xe4t otel or girltwoyear-old boy who has M mastered the methods of teaching spell, write, to read,Johnny how life HOTEL his adjust calculate,speak, to high energy civilization, space, TEMPLE SQUARE traffic cancer, accidents,rocketry, of MODERN COFFEE SHOPS DINING ROOMS the whole agendaviruses, and mankind; then upon graduation,

(and after practice teaching) for DOWNTOWN RATES:

incomes commensurate with semiSINGLES $6.00

skilled or unskilled laborers in conDOUBLES $8.00

struction, mining, and manufacturTWINS $10.00

ing, to achieve these ends.

The results have been good, despite these expectations and challenges. But I should like to point

out that the expectations, if left with the school alone, are altogether too great. We cannot make the schools

the instruments of social reform any more than we can make them the scapegoat for the failures of the Children1 2 FreeUnder home, the church, the other great corporation, institutions, thesocial the other enFREE DriveMParking labor unions, andthe gines of modern society. Clarence L. West, Manager

It should be said and said with PHONE EL 5-2961 emphasis that many of the social 75 West South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah institutions, including the corporations, the labor unions, the banks, START YOUR OWN HOME LIBRARY the manufacturing establishments, Bind your Eras in Looseleaf form with an

ERA BINDER - Only $2.50

Heavy Red Fabricoid material—Index included free

Order from Era office, 135 So. State, Salt Lake City

JUNE 1963 551.

empfie invitations To Compliment the trade associations, the profesbefore the first baby is born. When

Your Temple sional associations, the arts, crafts, the first child comes into the home,

Marriage and various industries, have increasthe educational responsibility of the

Replica of actual ingly shown abiding measures of parents is already welladvanced.

Temple is relief responsibility toward the solution of This responsibility cannot be deleembossed on the these problems and the acceptance gated to the school. More developreception folder. of the fact that the schools should ment, more educational growth,

not undertake nor be expected to more habits are formed, more of the 100 only solve all the problems of mankind. character is shaped during the first

in responsigreatest years the than perhaps the However, two home $8.95 life. all bility rest of greatest throughout challenge the the Let and for

yr Thermographed lies or old then, parents in us as young, successful education future

Raised Lettering the American home. How can parnever forget that we are the presiOther styles as low as TOO for $5.95. Also ents expect children to use the dent and vicepresident, respectively,

Temple Marriage Albums. Write for FREE catalog mother tongue successfully if they the dean of instruction, the dean of

and invitation samples (state temple desired.) do not exercise care in the use of students, the librarian, the music

REXCRAFTRexburg, Idaho words and language themselves? teacher, the athletic coach, the class-

(Catalog sent airmail for 25#) No matter what meaning each of room teacher of the greatest educaus may attach to the great opening tional institution in the world, phrase of John's Gospel, "In the namely, the home.

YOU CAN RENT IT! beginning was the Word,"at least 2. Secondly, as we assume more

all may be more concerned with the responsibility for our tasks as adminlet not expect the cabulary, us the home, and care and refinement RENTS HOWE use of words, the cultivation of voistrators and teachers of that school, at youngsters take our the use of language. which A student schools RENTALS in SALES AND

may spend fifty minutes in the classage six to undo all the bad that we

Beds—Wheel Chairs room studying composition and literhave earlier committed. Knowing

Commodes—Crutches ature. Assuming his mind operates that their resources are limited, even

like a computer tape, what is the as our own, let us try constantly to

Tables—Chairs—Dishes impression made in contrast with redefine their goals so that they

Punch Bowls—Grills the six or eight hours he spends can concentrate on the most effecSilverware around the home hearing expletives, tive means of education at their

task. disposal addigroans, grunts, sentences, In do our as we Tractors—Forklifts incomplete

lifelong then, as tion to the In or "Shut home, up"? or simply "Hey"

Trucks—Air Compressors

as in in institutions in educational education, Gospel, John's which

All Tools Types is citizen is the the beginning word, and the and every every human

Salt Lake City sounds of words in the home preenrolled, are the church, the busi2375 South State 4860055 dominate in the first six and formaness, the shop, the field, or the other

Ogden tive educational years of the preassociations. These associations are

1627 Washington Blvd EX 4-9414 school age child. not partof-a-life institutions, as are

Habits of language and manners, the schools. They carry, and are

of moral outlook, behavior, courage, willing to carry, much of this great and the other virtues, are fashioned moral and behavioral responsibility more in the home than in any other from the cradle to the grave. Those

place. It is remarkable what the families which ignore the services

schools are able to do to temper afforded by churches and other assoand elevate the moral and cultural ciations, who do not encourage their climate and ideals of both indichildren to avail themselves of same viduals and their homes. lifelong, do so at the peril of soFor American investment in educiety. An altar boy on Sunday may

cation to realize greater potential in be a speedster on Monday, but less

New lower prices on PLASTIC FREEZER CONthe future, along the fronts which likely if he is a Boy Scout, Explorer,

TAINERS. Now Home freezer owners can purpublic opinion has marked for its or member of an athletic club. In

plastic at chase freezer containers even lower prices direct the mails. through by buying Regoals, the following two considerasimilar vein, men spend forty years

usable containers are soft and pliable. New tions are vital: with a company or companies to

Flexible, shape. spacesaving square nonleak 1. Every parent, every father and which they give their allegiance and

lids included. priced Pints are quarts at $9.50;

at $14.50 per hundred, postpaid. Safe delivery every mother must consider themlabor, to their professions, their busguaranteed. Perfect item for resale to neighselves as the heads of a great inesses, or their livelihood. Today

bors. 25c. pint Write: Sample OXBORO HEATH educational institution—the greatest most of these are in organized form. CO., Station, Dept. 695, Highland Box 7097,

Minneapolis 11, Minn. educational institution in the world, Some of the responsibility for moral,

namely, the family and home which political, social, and behavioral isMIA JUNE CONFERENCE they establish. The cultural climate, sues, including "life adjustment and

JUNE 14, 15, 16 moral atmosphere, presence or abgood citizenship"must be imposed

YWMIA CAMP DAY - JUNE 13th sence of intellectual stimulation, will on these additional bodies in these "International Harvest"be established in that home long times.

TRACY WIGWAM - Millcreek Canyon

Salt Lake City, Utah 8:00 A.M.

552 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA m

f*'$i m t: 1: A m

:...'e*

il'> $ H

!*.#*'; SPWfe"SK***, a&

rf- \\1 rewards. its own has Twne Bemgr m

>.. j *3 have those us who are among There

<%f. a rare communion with truth or

ir who seem to feel the most about the beauties in the world or who strive wnS the hardest for full enrichment from the gifts of life or who surrender to the will of the Lord and permit enlightenment by the Holy Spirit or who humbly believe and wholeheartedly receive the experiences of

Efc <%lv'the Spirit or who savor good companionship and know the sweetness of loving the Lord and loving fellow, men or who, though stepping to; tf Thoreau's different drummer, are

ft! I.A yet in harmony with self, with God,

with others, with the good purposes of life.

To those who take uncommon pleasNl 3* ure in these uncommon things, this issue is dedicated.

To those who hunger for the secret of Being in Tune, this issue is hopefully presented. elaine cannon

if IRA OF YOUTH June 1963 E*fc Marion D. Hanks, Editor;

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor!: r

An ancient legend is the kernel (but only the kernel) of this "Let us suppose."

We are aboard a ship. You are at the helm.

We approach dangerous waters. But the course

is known, and you are steering it. Then we hear

the tempting tones of sirens, first faintly, thenITTI with full heady impact. They beckon us, draw us,

haunt us toward the shoals. The thought of shipwreck fades and is almost forgotten.

The longer we listen the sweeter, the more overwhelming is the sound. The very thought of

BY TRUMAN G. MADSEN moving nearer is delicious. It vibrates in our

veins until we thirst beyond reason, beyond our wildest fantasies, beyond everything.

What to do?

Three possibilities.

First strap you, the helmsman, to the wheel and tie your arms. Bewitched by the sounds you

will yet be compelled to hold steady. (We won't

worry about your inner warfare.)

Second, put cotton in your ears. Don't let more

sounds come through. Make yourself deaf, and

therefore dumb, to the temptation. And full speed

-,\-.". A ahead before the crew are spellbound and we have

mutiny on our hands! (We won't worry that in

closing out these sounds we are closing out all sounds.)

The third way needs neither straps nor cotton.

It does not shrink nervelessly. It is the essence

of true freedom and true victory. It does not

solve, but dissolves the dilemma, even if, for the moment, we are all captivated: Put an orchestra

on the bow and play better music!

Beautiful music, straight ahead!

Be drowned in better music, not in the fearsome ocean. Be alive, all alive, not dead! Be

delivered but also delighted When the better music rings three things happen

r-rK

iii i* i f—

First, the sirens are transcended. As stereo It is, in fact, the music that can permeate all other

outclasses the gramophone, as an orchestra is music in the symphony of life.

better than one violin, a symphony more moving When you can hear it, even vaguely in the disthan a monotone chant, everything really worth tance, some things become vivid. (When you

listening to is caught up. Only the worthless cannot, people who talk this way seem either

is left behind. hypocritical or slightly insane.)

Second, you recognize what you more deeply You see that pleasure that hurts or excludes all want. What you thought you wanted, and may others eventually turns to ashes.

have pursued in vain, now loses its fascination. You see that peace of soul, which includes the

The want or need does not diminish. It may inbody, is richer than druginduced torpor.

crease. But its fulfilment changes. And what you You see that marriage surrounded by temple

now experience, and what it promises, is not glory is more romantic than an elopement simply desired but desirable. to Reno.

Third, you are one. The better music pulls not You see, even, that drudgery and suffering may

only a fragment of your nature but all. Your be swallowed up in inner radiance.

intelligence is heightened not dulled. Your spirit Nero stood over mutilated bodies of saints and

no longer battles the body, but instead harscreamed in rage, "They are smiling. They are

moniously throbs approval. You are whole. And smiling!"All Neros despise all spiritual heroes.

this wholeness is holiness. Knowing only the sound of misery, they resent

But, you will say, orchestras are not available the joy of goodness. They are the deaf leading

at sea. And what do you do when there is no the blind.

other music but that of the sirens? Youth of the modern maelstrom, surrounded by

We translate the parable, and the real point sirens, your heritage is the Spirit of the most emerges radiant, joyful Personalities in the universe.

The Spirit of God "fills the immensity of space."Their Spirit need only be heard to enhance every

Of it Parley P. Pratt testified: melody and every instrument and to redeem you

"It is marrow to the bone, joy to the heart, from delusions and illusions.

light to the eyes, music to the ears, and life to the If you have never heard it, seek to.

whole being."1 If, having heard it, you are presently drunk

This is the orchestra playing the music of the with inferior music, you may need to strap yourspheres. The place, the time, of the Spirit of self to the mast or put cotton in your ears. But

God is everywhere and everywhen. It is backultimately you are intended to go through not

ground music that, cultivated, comes to the forearound life, to fulfil it, not to escape it.

ground. It is music to think by, to feel by, to live The presence of the music of the Spirit—even

by. The Spirit enriches everything, robs you of its promise or remembrance—are enough to prenothing.satisfaction—everyIt glorifies tasteratherandthanscentcheapens.and sound,Every ventBut theyshipwreckwill alsoandput tointoassureyour soulhomecoming.a higher

every mode of awareness, every joyous fulfilment. happiness, all the way.

xKey to Theology, p. 102.

==#Ei J J I 5 i J J ( I. i JJl -I i 4

r f r r r g i i\ J J n* j=t 4- T "T F S f= E- j i J *—r-f

JUNE 1963 555 THi KEYS OF HARMONY 0*g*#m* MARION D. HANKS

Have you watched an accomplished violinist who is about to perform at a symphony or other concert or at a church meeting? Even though he has

tuned his instrument previously, if he is a good violinist, he will at the last moment pull the bow across the strings again, making sure the violin is in tune.

Have you wondered why a musician would do this? Occasionally someone is critical, even wondering aloud "why he didn't tune it before he

came."He did! But a violin is such a sensitive

instrumentstances—a bump,that anythe touchslight ofchangea warmof hand,circum-a

change of temperature—can alter the delicate

balance of its attunement and turn consonance into dissonance. A pleasing and harmonious balance of tones can become an unpleasant and

unlovely disharmony, just through some small incident or disturbance.

Human beings are like violins. We too are

sensitive and responsive to conditions around us.

A cheerful and happy balance can be upset by a small incident or unpleasant occurrence. Harmony

can turn into discord through a small "bump"or a "change in temperature."

Violins are tuned by turning a key which slightly alters the tension on the violin string and thus changes the pitch.

People have a way of getting in tune, also. We

can do this through prayer and search and meditation. Even if we have "tuned up"a little while

before, it is good to remember that we need to stay in tune, and that we must check up on this regularly. Especially is this true when we are

going to do something which is of service to God and our fellow men. This is why Nephi told his

beloved brethren that they ",.. must pray always,

and not faint; that ye must not perform any

thing unto the Lord save in the first place ye shall pray unto the Father in the name of Christ, that he will consecrate thy performance...."

(2 Nephi 32:9.)

Tune up, and stay in tune, always.

YOUTH IN TPil

"MY BISHOP"REFLECTIONS My bishop is a man of God. We now must build a human bridge to span

A tower of strength is he. The seas of years where floundering children strain

A man ivho must serve many folks To find amid the deep a brother's hand

Yet he has time for me. And grip their way along the darkened main.

A man called father of his ward For we a mother's searching hand can place

A judge o'er all his people. Safely within her husband's joyous grasp,

A man who tries to help us all Lost children's hands can warmly interlace

In our efforts, strong or feeble. Eternally in one triumphant clasp,

A man who walks so near to God Hand upon hand can join through awesome power,

That no one can deny Strength'ning the line of scattered families.

That this man is a man of God; We do not know how soon will be the hour

You can see it in his eye. The bridge will chart our journey through the seas

A man whose spirit you can feel Hand over hand to that celestial shore

As you walk within his light. Where we may dwell with God forevermore.

A man in whose counsel you can sit

And feel everything's all right. BY ELAINE STIRLAND MCKAY

A man ivho treads on earthly ground

Though his spirit is on high.

A man ivho will someday live with God

When heaven draws him nigh. Touch again, thou who madest life

Touch again and bring me back to life.

BY BETH MCNEILL (18) Say unto me, "Feel thou and believe";

BLUEWATER WARD ALBUQUERQUE Say unto me, "Know thou that I Am."

Open my eyes that I might see thee

Open my eyes that I might care.

Don't let me drift, my Father,

With the divellers in Satan's care

THREE WISHES Who would steal me and break me and bend me

And mold me to fit their chair.

Lord, guide me through this world of strife, Don't let me drift, my Father and help me live a helpful life. With the careless, seasonless tide.

Don't let me drown, my Father Guide my footsteps, every one, Please, bring me safely back there.

that I might live more like thy Son.

Touch again, thou Savior of mankind;

Help me be the kind of lass, Touch again and let thy Spirit down;

that I'd admire if I should pass. Say unto me, "Thou art mine,"

Say unto me, "Come, follow me"

Grant, dear Father, these wishes three, Then, open my eyes that I might find thee that I might live life more like thee. Open my eyes and lead me to thy Eternal Stair.

BY MARGARET ANN "PEGGY"OLSON (18) MURRAY HIGH SCHOOL BY HELEN FREE PROVO, UTAH

JUNE 1963557 IN TUNE WITH YOUTHi

.. is knowing wonder, awe, humility in the face of the span of life.

t&... is searching for beauty and finding it in surprising places.

="**;:SSs:,5t,:;,

is confidently knowing what is out and what's in—like the tide.

ii If:

i

A.4%

*v

; lB|jP:::'"BPSS:::

is discovering the sudden sweetness of silence and self.

f&e-r

is reading, responding as words from an oftread page suddenly leap out to your heart with new meaning.

—-——jfcii";

ft;-;::HbP

r-**

is awakening to the fantastic effectiveness of the Golden Rule—so simple you almost miss the point.*

l.H <

TH BY CHRIS POULOS

I

What more appropriate setting is there in which variety of instruments from trumpet to banjo.

to form a folk songgroup than around a smolderDimension and diversity stick out allover the ing campfire? That's how it happened to the group even as they stand on stage. Duane is six-

3 D's, Dick Davis, Denis Sorenson, and Duane footfive next to Denis whois five foot six,

Hiatt on an overnight camping trip in 1960. Late flanked by Dick whose bulk holds down the other

that night, the fire was burning low, but spirits side of the stage.

were still high in the laughing circle of friends. Diversity is evident not only in their repertoire

Dick and Duane produced a couple of battered and their appearances, but also their record in guitars and commenced to wail up a storm. This show business. They performed from San Franwas no new experience to them. They had been cisco to New York, from Miami to Chicago, from

clowning and hollering on stage since high school Halifax to Hawaii. Expanding operations further,

days in Payson, Utah. The big surprise came they entertained from Kyushu to Korea, from

when they were joined by their new friend Denis Guam to Okinawa. They have traveled more than

from Ogden, Utah, with a clear tenor voice that 1Q0,000 miles.

took command of the situation and made the Even before the young men organized the trio, three of them produce something surprisingly they were diversifying. Denis was in Brazil, Dick

akin to music. in Alaska, and Duane in the Tonga Islands of the

Suspecting that they had really found a clickSouth Pacific. All were serving as missionaries

ing combination, the boys put more wood on the for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday fire and sang most of the night to the spirited, Saints. The three are graduates of Brigham

but mixed, response of the sleepy campers nearby. Young University in such varied fields as speech

Their exuberance in singing, as well as the good and hearing therapy for Dick, international relaresponse from their listeners has steadily intions for Denis, and journalism for Duane. They

creased from that night. Specializing in folk have even been listed on the university's honor

music, they expand from there and run the enterroll, but most of all, they like to sing, like around tainment gamut from the light comedy to semi- a campfire where—oh yes, that's where you

classical song, accompanying themselves on a came in.

564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. Jf

>*3R82

DICK DAVIS DUANE HIA DENIS SORENSON

I am personally incapable of People who see our shows freYouth conferences are without finding words that could describe quently say to us, "You really doubt the most exciting experior represent the feelings that enjoy yourselves up there, don't ence I have the privilege of takhave come to me during some of you?"They don't know how right ing part in. Nowhere else is there

the youth conferences I have parthey are. We perform on stage the opportunity to meet fine

ticipated in. To represent these because we love it. We love to young people, listen to exciting

feelings, though, I can say that sing and crack jokes. We love our individuals who know what life

I have been lifted to such a high audiences and each other, but is all about, entertain before topspiritual plane that emotions of most of all we love the Lord and notch, cleancut audiences, and magnitude I have never felt behis Church. enjoy a marvelous spiritual expefore overcame me. I would like to show the youth rience—all wrapped up in one of

A missionary service for truth, and the adults in and outside of the best packages imaginable. As

I hope—a guide to my future the Church that really good en- I see it, that kind of combination

life, I know. tertainment is inspiring, that it can't be beat anywhere.

isn't embarrassing, provacative, or frivolous, and it doesn't leave a bad taste in your mind. I would

like to show the world that these 3D's are the happiest trio in show of—notbusiness inandspitethatof—ourthis is faithbecausein

the gospel of Jesus Christ.

JUNE 1963 565 CONVERSATION PIECE

Thousands of youth of the Church are realizing the rewards of BEING

IN TUNE with the principles and programs of the Church. The

development, the social contacts, the spirit of service, the strengthening of testimonies, and the sheer pleasure of being a part of a worldwide endeavor is a wonderful thing.

I iEBiiSflSHIIHHHi In the New England Mission youth gathered in four areas for a series of spiritualized activity meetings that they're still glowing over.

The neverto-beforgotten gatherings featured standing ovations for the 3 D's following their concert which followed a gay instructive period with Elaine Cannon on "Be coming Your Best."Then there were dancing and refreshments and

finally sleep. The next morning everyone fasted preparatory to the

memorable youth testimony meetings keynoted by President Truman

G. Madsen. Elder James Griffiths, lively coordinator for the youth

conferences, presented an autographed copy of ERA OF YOUTH to Judy Taylor of Groton, Massachusetts, in honor of her recent baptism. "Making myself worthy to become a member of The Church

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was a thrilling experience,"related Judy. "The beliefs of the LDS

Church were an answer to a long search. I have always been active in some church or other but feel

that at last my prayers for finding the whole truth have been answered."Coming up! A sight to see! A

memorymaking, spine tingling event... the AllChurch Dance

Festival. June 14 and 15 in the

University of Utah Stadium 7,000 dancers from United States and

Canada will perform eleven separate sections themed to "Beyond the Blue Horizon."All over the

Church you've been learning these dances in connection with MIA.

And at June conference the selected participants will provide spectacular entertainment in the way of colorful formations, unique folk dances, stage acts, allgirl numbers and ballroom dances. MIA general board committe

people are Alma Heaton and Josephine Davis as cochairmen with Wilford Marwedel, Marie Heaton,

Melvin Davis, Mildred R. Koew, Rulon Stanfield, Carl and Ruth Hadley, LeGrande and Shirley Lewis,

and Jane Thompson assisting. Many hours of travel, practice, worrying and working will climax the

current season of dance in the MIA program.

566 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Glendale Stake went the second mile and expanded on the basic programmed "Focus on Youth"night to stage a highly successful Focus on Youth Week. It included the theme production, an original

musical comedy, a dinner and dance, an inspirational meeting, and cooperative effort as every auxiliary in the ward geared to the idea of helping youth not only "be good but good for something"as the Focus on Youth event suggested. "The first meeting herfe was at the London Stake conference. It

gave me a special thrill to see my own countrymen, looking unmistakably British (and speaking with an unmistakable British accent), and to know that they were fine members of the Church."

This ivas Pauline Doggett writing to the bishop of the Cottonwood

Seventh Ward following her return home after spending several months as a guest at the home of the Wayne Sandburgs in Salt Lake

City and attending school with their daughter.

She continued: "I immediately contacted the elders and... I was

baptized and confirmed.... It is impossible for me to express

how I felt.

"It is true the Church is growing everywhere, but here we can see it happening day by day....

I am only made aware more and more of the beauty and happiness of living the Lord's will.... 7 hope and pray that all of us may have

the strength to keep to what we know to be right, and thus to show other people the right way."

Peter Dawson, Blackburn Branch, Manchester (England) Stake is proud to be a church member too. Peter keeps busy with a number

of things such as radio TV engineering... national youth council...

1961 YMCA chess champion... bronze and silver Duke of Edinburgh

awards... YMMIA superintendent... Aaronic Priesthood award.

Visiting new places, meeting new people—a part of singing with a

small ensemble. Christine Cannon, Kim Roller, Janet Bateman, and

Sandra McCann, Tenth Ward, Monument Park West (Salt Lake

City) Stake, participate in stake quartet festival.

In answer to many requests for extra copies of various Era of Youth sections in The Improvement Era, a book is now available which compiles twelve of the most popular sections. It's being used in many missions as a proselyting aid among

teenagers. It's ideal for gift giving, for teaching supplement, and for just good reading. Tips on everything from dating to

mating, from gaining a testimony to preparing for a mission, etiquette, and solving the problems of life, what LDS standards are, how to be more appealing and more worthwhile as a person, how to have fun the LDS way, how to be good for something. It's all there in the ERA OF YOUTH BOOK edited by Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon.

JUNE 1963 567 The Last Word

Men still die with their A diamond cannot be polboots on, but one of them is ished without friction, nor usually on the accelerator. man perfected without trials.

An ambitious young man approached a great merchant, "What is the secret of your success?""There is no

secret,"replied the merchant. "You just jump at your

opportunity.""But how can I tell when my opportunity comes?""You can't—you have to keep jumping."

A bit of fragrance clings to the hand A little girl appeared that gives flowers.—Chinese Proverb downhearted at the

passing of September.

"I've just learned how Remember the turtle, he never makes to spell it,"she mourned, any progress until he sticks his neck out. "and now it's gone."

It isn't necessary to blow One of the best ways to make The only thing some out the other person's light your old car run better is to people will lend within order to let yours shine. ask the price of a new one. out interest is an ear.

Too many people are wilDedication to some labor of love ling to carry the stool when is the secret of happiness, no there is a piano to move. matter how humble or obscure.

It's hard to believe that just 100 years ago people were crossing the plains in wagon trains. Today when we shoot a rocket into

space at 25,000 miles an hour no one notices;

they're all home watching "Wagon Train."

568 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BUILDING COSTS ARE LOWER WITH

MAINTENANCE

COSTS ARE LOWER WITH

Whatever you're building—homes,

schools, churches or commercial buildings, only brick has all the advantages of economical, durable construction. Brick is not only low

in initial cost, but is practically free of maintenance costs. Brick offers

outstanding protection against the elements... it's firesafe and

permanent. Available in many new

color shades, that will harmonize in any architectural plan.

ffauMuZcfoeitJ'qf

3 100 SOUTH 1100 EAST Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Beneficial Life salutes L.D.S. Scouting in its

Golden Anniversary Year

1963 marks the fiftieth year of scouting in the Church. In 1913, just three years after the

founding of the Boy Scouts of America, "the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints became the first church in America to adopt as a body the program of the Boy Scouts of

America, and to integrate it closely into its own program for boys."*

"Golden Anniversary Book of Scouting published by the Boy Scouts of America.

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres Salt Lake City, Utah