Ji\ *

Albert Einstein, Scientist Job, Man of Fifth

February /

In this issue: fZ

. Improvement The Convergence of

Science & Religion "Einstein had to have the kind of dogged conviction; that could have allowed him to say with Job, 'Though

kI he slay me, yet will I trust in him.'"See page 62.

Quality study beyond the bachelors degree at BYUthe student*centered graduate school*

More than 2,500 students are pursuing graduate degrees at BYU, and last year master's and doctor's degrees were awarded to 521 in 46 departments of this highly successful

Graduate School. The Graduate

Faculty, whose members command national and international reputations, devote personal attention to students in the interest of their professional careers.

Doctoral degrees are now offered in 18 academic departments:

Bacteriology Chemistry Engineering French and Italian Geology Graduate Education History Music Psychology Speech and Dramatic Arts Botany Child Development and Family Relationships Germanic, Slavic Languages Graduate Studies in Religious Instruction Physics Spanish and Portuguese Zoology and Entomology Sociology and Anthropology Write to the Dean of the Graduate School, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah, for any of Brigham Young

of courses, requirements information: following Catalog School 19681969 Graduatethe Provo, Utah

for is July Application for readmission UniversityApplication students only) Deadline 31 admission (new

Deadline is July 31 Graduate scholarship and fellowships (3.5 GPA needed) Applications

Due Mar. 1 Information on single or family housing.

Cover Note: The Voice of the Church

Physicist Albert Einstein and the Old February 1968

Testament prophet Job have become wellrecognized symbols of men who Volume 71, Number 2 were deeply concerned with life and who probed its meaning, each ultimately finding in his search a lasting Special Features faith in God's goodness. 2 Editor's Page: Sermons in a Sentence or Two, President David 0.

The search for truth by men of sciMcKay ence and religion is lucidly described in 14 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 1, Challenge and Re-

"The Convergence of Science and Response (continued), Dr. Hugh Nibley

ligion"on page 62 by Nobel Prize26 The Hurricane and Olataga of Samoa, Coy Harmon winning physicist Charles H. Townes.

Dr. Townes is not a Latterday Saint, but 28 Where Does All the Money Go? Dr. Quinn G. McKay

his thoughts on the subject will be of 40 Colored photographs of Egyptian Papyri great interest to members of the 62 The Convergence of Science and Religion, Charles H. Townes

Church.

Our cover is related to Dr. Townes'

article. The portraits of Einstein and Regular Features

Job are by Salt Lake artist Dale Kil10 Teaching: Contact! Nicholas Van Alfen

bourn, whose artwork has become 22 Genealogy: Major Genealogical Record Sources in Sweden

familiar to Latterday Saints through 25 Lest We Forget: The Word of Wisdom, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

the "Be Honest With Yourself"series 49 The Presiding Bishopric's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth

and the "Signs of the True Church"About Respect, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

series. He painted some of the posters 51 The Era Asks About Genealogy in the Church Today

series. of the in each murals Some Family: in 58 Today's Do Your Best at the Moment—Then Stand Relaxed, the Arizona of InformaTemple Bureau Florence B. Pinnock

tion at Mesa are also by him. 60 Home, Sweet Home

Perhaps readers will be interested to 72 The LDS Scene know that, due to conditions associated with selecting a suitable cover, the 74 The Church Moves On artist could not be given his assignment 76 Buffs and Rebuffs until late one afternoon just two days 78 These Times: The State of Morals, G. Homer Durham

before it was needed for press dead80 End of an Era lines. He returned two days later 53, 70, 71, 74 The Spoken Word, Richard L Evans

with his portraits of Einstein and Job.

We hope readers will enjoy his interpretation of the thoughtlined face of Era of Youth

Einstein and the wise, serene face 3348 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

of Job.

Fiction, Poetry 4 Journey at Dawn, Eugene A. Hooper, Jr.

10, 68, 70, 75, 80 Poetry

EleanorDavidEra of O.YouthKnowles,McKayAssociateandWilliamRichardEditor;T. Sykes,L.RalphEvans,EditorialReynolds,Editors;Associates;ArtDoyleDirector;L. Green.FlorenceNormanManagingB. F,Pinnock,Price,Editor;StaffToday'sAlbertArtist.FamilyL Zobell,Editor;Jr., MarionResearchD, Hanks,Editor; EraMabelof JonesYouth Gabbott,Editor; ElaineJay M.Cannon,Todd.

G.G.ManagerCarlosHomerSmith,andDurham,SubscriptionJr., GeneralFranklinDirector;Manager;S. Harris.ThayerFlorenceJr., HughEvans,S. Jacobsen,Nibley,S. GlennSidneyAssociateSmith.B. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneral AlbertManager;Representatives.L. Payne,Verl F.ContributingScott. BusinessEditors.Manager; A, Glen Snarr, Acting Business

Superintendent, of Saints. Latterday Association Young Mutual of The Improvement and by the Men'sof Associations of Christ Improvement of reserved.Christ Latterday Subscription Jesus a MutualO General The advance; 1968,$3.00 Churchyears, subscriptions, years, multiple a year. single $5.75; 2 3 $8.25; Allyearof price;price, succeeding each to $2.50Saints.Church rightsJesusadded for threeyear year,publishedcopy, the inexcept 35E

Associations Improvement Priesthood Mutual the Quorums. Official organ of issues.

and special School System, at Committee, Church of Office, for for Salt at rate special class in section the matter. mailing Teaching Utah, as Music Committee, provided Lake second Acceptance 1103, postage Home City,2. July authorized October Enteredact Post1917, 1918. Saints. Latterday of of of Christ Jesus The other Church agencies

js not responsible for for are contributions. ofrmpravement but paid manuscripts Manuscripts welcomes The be acceptance and on must

for sufficientEra delivery unsolicitedand accompanied by postage for days'required slip of a of notice include Thirty ordering recent address. please change, address from issue the magazine. Address return.When

is cannot well old the thechange included. Era, be as as unless address City. aone State, Salt changes new ismade Improvement The South Lake 84111 Utah 79

February 1968 The Editor's Page

Sermons in a

By President David O. McKay Sentence or Two

If you would obtain the highest success and the It is true that selfpreservation is the first law of most contentment of mind, practice in your daily nature, but it is not a law of spiritual growth. He

contacts the ideals of the gospel of Jesus Christ. who lets selfishness and his passions rule him

binds his soul in slavery, but he who, in the majesty

Whatever you have chosen as your profession, do of spiritual strength, uses his physical tendencies your best to excel. and yearnings and his possessions to serve purposes

higher than personal indulgence and comfort takes

The thing that a man really believes in his heart is the first step toward the happy and useful life.

the thing that he really thinks. What he actually

thinks is the thing he lives.

Truly, the time has come, as perhaps never before,

Men do not go beyond their ideals. They often fall when men should counsel together and in wisdom

short of them, but they never go beyond them. determine how the world may be made a better

place in which to live.

With all my heart, I say to you that usefulness, An active, sincere faith in the basic teachings of pleasure, joy, and happiness in this life come by Jesus of Nazareth is the greatest need of the world.

following Christ's admonition of seeking first his Because many reject this truth is all the more reason kingdom. why sincere believers should proclaim it.

When the people who call themselves Christian militantly enlist under the leadership of the one to Man needs a rededication to the principles of unwhom they refer as King of the world; when they selfishness. No peace or freedom can come to the

accept as facts and not as theories his moral and world as long as men live only for themselves.

spiritual teachings; when for selfishness they substitoward others; and thoughtfulness kindnesstute

to Christ and his laws brings life and Obedience of true defend the principles they aggressivelywhen life eternal.

liberty, then may we begin to realize the hope that wrong may be abolished, righteousness may be enthroned in human hearts, and honest relations may We cannot truly believe that we are the children become the daily practice of society. Then, and not of God and that God exists without our also believuntil then, will the kingdoms of this world become ing in the final inevitable triumph of truth expressed

the kingdom of our God. in the gospel of Jesus Christ.

Improvement Era

If you will live in accordance with the humble parenthood, the surest and safest means for the principles under the covenants you made at the improvement of mankind. Marriage is not a cerewater's edge, and since that time that you have made mony to be entered into lightly, to be terminated at

in sacrament meetings, and that many of you have pleasure, nor a union to be dissolved at the first made in the House of God, you will fill a noble difficulty that might arise.

mission, and God will reward you.

The ability to preserve the home in its purity and

The mission of the Church is to proclaim the truth usefulness is found in The Church of jesus Christ of the restored gospel, to uplift society that people of Latterday Saints.

may mingle more amicably one with another, and to create in our communities a wholesome environment God should be the center of our lives and the lives in which our children may find strength to resist of all in the world.

temptation, and encouragement to strive for cultural and spiritual attainment. The Mormon pioneers did not regard drama and

the theater as merely a mode of amusement. They

The restored gospel is a rational philosophy that found it as a means of entering into and sharing the teaches men how to get happiness in this life and impulses of the mind and feelings, and thereby in the life to come. establishing in the wilderness a spiritual oasis where

the minds and souls of men could be refreshed,

God help us to be true to our responsibilities and where men could lose the sense of isolation and to our callings, and especially to the responsibility we loneliness and return to their tasks refreshed and bear as fathers and mothers of the children of Zion with a renewed conviction of solidarity.

—heaven's treasures given to us.

No outward environment alone can produce manOne never develops character by yielding to wrong. hood. The virtues of life spring from within.

Strength comes by resisting!

Right thoughts and feelings, if consistently kept

Nature's law is the survival of the fittest. God's law in the foreground, inevitably lead to right acts.

is: Use your personal power and possessions for the

advancement and happiness of others. The handsomest youth and the most beautiful

maiden may mar their beauty by a morose, crossTo members of the restored Church, marriage is a tempered disposition or by nursing dissatisfaction divine ordinance and, when directed by intelligent in the soul. O

February 1968 Improvement Era By Eugene A. Hooper, Jr.

Eugene A. Hooper, Jr., a film splicer and shipper in the

Society, is a former missionary to FinTOURNEY Church's Genealogical land and wrote "Journey at Dawn"to examine how through the gospel one may find answers to personal dilemmas.J#fDAWN

Kaarlo Maki pulled the thick fur collar of his old man,"he said. "Too old to lose my son."

coat tighter about his throat and tucked the edge The ticket agent was startled. "Has someof his black woolen scarf under his fur hat. It thing happened to Matti?"

was bitter cold, too cold to be riding a bicycle and Kaarlo bowed his head in humiliation as he too cold for an old man to be away from his stove muttered, "Something terrible. He says he will

and hot cereal. His breath froze in ice crystals become a Mormon!"

on his moustache and fur collar and made the tiny "It cannot be true! Matti knows better. What

red blood vessels zigzag brightly through his is he thinking?"

leathery cheeks. Stubbornly, his old legs pushed "I do not know,"Kaarlo said, his voice shaking

the pedals around, and the tires crunched the with indignation. "This is why I must go to him.

snowy crust on the ice. I must stop him before he throws his life away

He could have waited until the noon train, but and shames his family."

the morning milk train would get him there Kaarlo picked up his ticket and slowly walked faster. He heard the whistle off in the distance out to the waiting train. His heart was heavy as

and knew that the train was approaching the he climbed the steps to the coach and found a paper factory. The tall smokestack of the factory seat at the end of the car. The straight wooden

was becoming visible in the early morning light back of the seat exercised its discipline, and the of the Finnish February. Its column of white old man braced himself, with his hands clutching

smoke rose a few yards above the stack and then the front edge of the seat. The jerking motion

bent itself flat to follow the wind to the south of the train rocked Kaarlo from side to side, and horizon, making a white stream in the cold, with each sway his son's name moved his tongue.

gray sky. His old mind was bewildered and tired. The quesKaarlo was puffing. The coat and two sweaters tions rocked him almost as hard as the train. "Why

held the warmth of his old body in and caused him do you do this to me? Who do you love more than

to perspire, but he dared not loosen his collar your old papa?"

in the cold. The bleak loneliness of the Finnish winter landHe approached the ancient wooden station and scape reflected no sympathy or feeling of kindness

pedaled up to the bicycle rack at the front porch. outside the dimly lit train. Occasionally a small

There were already several bicycles locked in the farmhouse would break the cold scene. Kaarlo

rack. Some of them were bent and rusty, but began to talk to himself in a quiet mumble. "I am

all had the same layer of frost crystals on the like one of those farmhouses, alone in a cold world, handlebars and spokes. Kaarlo's bicycle fit easily and my son is like this train, puffing ahead on his

at the end of the rack, and he was glad to climb own steam and passing me by. He will forget me

off and lock it. The spring clamp snapped shut and become trapped by that new religion."

when he pulled his leather satchel from the rear Tears weakened his proud old face as he fender. The ice crystals that stood straight out thought of Helmi. Surely, if she were still alive,

on the brass lock of the bag turned into drops Matti would not deliberately shame her. Better

of water when he entered the warm station. He for her to be dead than grieved by her son.

wiped water drops from his moustache and Kaarlo's back hurt against the wooden bench. He

loosened his collar and scarf. was chilly and hungry and should not have left his

The ticket agent, in a blue uniform, smiled at cottage without eating something. Perhaps he

Kaarlo. Kaarlo did not smile back but soberly laid would buy a bowl of broth when he arrived in

three onemark bills on the tray. Oulu.

"You look tired this morning, Kaarlo,"the ticket He looked at the other passengers in the coach agent offered in sympathetic concern. and wondered if they bore a grief such as his.

Kaarlo shrugged his shoulders and felt the Here in Finland, he thought, the people should be weight of his years crowd his strength. "I am an free from strange and harmful ideas of religion.

February 1968. *. 'ft

"f t r

';n t;

lit li liiip pi The forests and lakes were close on every hand, and man had but to tend his fields and gather his family to him at evening time.

"Matti, my son,"he murmured. "Come back

here to Kemi and to your papa. You can sell your

tools here."

The train was coming to a halt at the Oulu station. Kaarlo watched the freight rails clip by,

and then he was looking down at the faces on the platform. The train groaned and squealed as the

cold steel of tracks and wheels fought each other to a stop. He pulled himself to his feet and

limped toward the door. A few people hurried

through the car, squeezing past him, and he felt the cold escaping from them.

helped him climb off the train, and as he stepped onto the deserted platform, the icy wind grabbed at his face like a claw and stung until he was in the station house. He stood for a few minutes

staring across the waiting room. The clock above

the ticket window showed 7:30, too late to catch

Matti at home and perhaps too early to visit him at his store.

The little bags of candy and bowls of fruit at the magazine stand reminded him that he had not prepared a hot breakfast before he left home. A

cozy cafe would make a nice place to wait and to think.

Before he left the station, he fixed his scarf over his nose and mouth and pulled the fur hat down even with his eyebrows. It was early yet,

and men dressed in brown leather work clothes were shoveling dirt onto the icy streets from horsedrawn wagons.

Kaarlo left the station and walked to a cafe a few yards ahead. The air inside was steamy

and fragrant with the smell of hot soup and cooked mush, and the place was crowded with men joking and eating. He picked up a tray and helped himself to hot stew, black rye bread, and thick buttermilk. The steaming tray was a bit of comfort to

his worried mind, and he took his time warming and filling himself. The cold emptiness dissipated

gradually, as did the crowd.

Then he bundled himself up again and went out into the cold. He crossed the street to the market

square where men and women, dressed in gray

Improvement Era

Illustrated by Dale Kilbourn twill and black felt coats and black boots, were into a ball, twisting it in his hand.

setting up booths. The white canvas roofs were He dropped on the sofa and stared in hatred

badly stained from the weather, and Kaarlo at the torn book. "Cursed book!"he snarled.

watched for a while as the wares were hung and A picture of Matti as a soldier hung between arranged under them. Helmi had tended such a pictures of Kaarlo and Helmi on the wall opposite

booth in Imatra, selling sauna bath brushes and the sofa. Kaarlo's gaze switched from the book

sponges. Until he was old enough for school, Matti to the picture. "How proud and fine a son you

used to play around the booths. Kaarlo could rewere in battle for your homeland,"he whispered.

member Helmi pulling the heavy cart, with Matti "How could such a fine mind like yours be trapped perched on top of it, up to the shed behind the by a heathen religion?"

cottage. He looked back to the torn book on the floor.

He shook his head at the memory, and a fresh "What could such a book contain to lure my son?"

surge of heaviness filled his soul as he made his The howling of the wind had ceased outside the way across the square and up the street to Matti's window. Kaarlo felt the same emptiness draining

apartment. The landlady unlocked the door for his heart as on the cold night when he lost Helmi.

him, and he slowly shut it behind him. The place It was during the winter war against Russia.

was clean, and the modern furnishings were eviHelmi had volunteered with the women of the dence of Matti's success in business. town to gather firewood in the forest. It was

Kaarlo laid his wraps on a bench by the door dangerous business to comb through the woods and set his leather satchel down beside it. The so close to the lines of battle in eastern Finland,

clock showed the hour of ten. It would be a long and an undetected mine exploded as Helmi and

wait until evening, and he felt the strain of his the cart full of wood passed over it. Kaarlo sent

journey. Easing himself into a large chair, he little Matti to be cared for by his sister in Kemi

soon slept. on the western coast until the war had ended. To

He awoke in midafternoon to the whistle of the return to Imatra without Helmi seemed unthinkhowling wind. The whirl of white outside the able, and so Kaarlo also moved to Kemi.

window bleached the view and softened the afterNow he again felt a destructive force invading noon light. He stretched himself as much as his his family.

bent limbs would allow and rose from the chair. "I must save my son!"he cried. "I'll expose this

He felt rested in body but his soul was growing enemy and make Matti see its danger!"

more restless as he saw the hour nearing three. He rose tremblingly and walked to where the

The hard business of waiting confused his thinkbook lay. Bending down, he picked it up and

ing, and a dozen dialogues passed through his carried it back to the desk. His shaking fingers

mind, each one growing more bitter as he argued smoothed the crumpled pages and opened them to with his son until he was shouting and cursing the first chapter. The old eyes bowed closer to

within himself. The gnarled old hand wiped the the book and squinted until the words found clarsweat from his forehead. ity. "I, Nephi, having been born of goodly

"What will I say to my son?"he muttered, and parents...."The words caught in his throat.

shrugged his shoulders in bewilderment. "Matti, haven't you been born of goodly parents?"

He walked to the desk and switched on the he cried aloud.

lamp. His eyes scanned the shelves and stopped. "Of course I have, Papa."

For a moment he was stunned with bitterness; Kaarlo turned toward the door. Matti was

then his anger mounted. He stretched out his brushing the snow from his coat and beaming at

trembling hand, grabbed the book by its front the sight of his father.

cover, and flung it wildly across the room. The "When did you come, Papa? You shouldn't be

title page remained in his grip. He spat on the out in a storm like this."

words "Book of Mormon"and crushed the sheet Kaarlo's voice was trembling as he struggled

February 1968

felt relaxed as he listened with pride as his son reviewed the success of his store. A man so

wise and successful as Matti should not be easily trapped by nonsense, Kaarlo thought. Perhaps

this thing was not nonsense or foolishness, but certainly it was evil and deceiving.

Matti rose and began to clear the table.

"The Americans come in half an hour, Papa.

You will like them, you'll see."

Kaarlo shook his head. "I go to bed. You send

them away if you love your papa and your homeland."Matti felt his father's words bite into the joy of his new faith.

"Let me help you into bed, Papa."

Matti shut the door between the living room and the bedroom. He stood for a moment with

head bowed and hands clasped. The prayer for

the understanding of his father was short and simple. As he opened his eyes he saw the

crumpled page on the floor and the closed book to address his son. "Ah, the storm, the storm on the sofa.

It is not so bad as this enemy which seeks to tear "What could make Papa hate it so much?"

you from your own papa!"He waved the book in If anyone were ever alone and needing comfort

front of him. and faith, Matti knew it must be his father. The

"Papa, what do you mean? I am not being torn stubbornness against change and the lack of enfrom you. I want you to hear about the most thusiasm for life must be conquered, but how?

rewarding news I've been blessed to receive!"He heard the missionaries getting off the

"I will not hear of it!"Kaarlo exclaimed. elevator and hurried to the door to open it as they

Matti let his coat and hat drop over his father's rang. The two young men brushed the snow off,

wraps on the bench. their red faces shining with wide smiles as Matti

"The cold and dark make us cross and hungry. welcomed them inside. They joked and laughed

Let me make a warm supper for you, Papa."about the cold weather before getting down to

Kaarlo nodded and settled back down onto the business. Matti felt the strength of their spirit

sofa. "Rewarding news, hah! Who brings this pour into his own new testimony as he visited

news that shades your eyes?"with them. How he wished that his father could

Matti came into the living room with a sack of join in this happiness and light!

rice in his hands. "Two Americans who are fine Elder Davis cleared his throat and asked Matti

young men sent by the Lord. They will call on if he would like to open their meeting with prayer.

me tonight. I want you to meet them."The request caught him off guard, but he knelt

"No!"Kaarlo shook his head. "I will not see with the elders and began to pray. As he prayed he

them."thought of his father lying in the dark, alone

Matti shrugged his shoulders and turned back and bitter. ",.. and bless my father that he

into the kitchen. Kaarlo's grip tightened on the may accept and understand thy truths, which I

book until his knuckles were white; then he laid must take upon myself."

it on the sofa and went into the kitchen. The meal He finished the prayer and sat down. The

was hot and satisfying to the old man. His nerves missionaries were visibly touched by the sincerity

Improvement Era

of the prayer, and Elder Davis inquired about added his testimony. Kaarlo heard him declare

Matti's father. that he knew that families would be reunited and

Kaarlo lay in the darkness trying to shut out resurrected to live in the vigor of their manhood the conversation in the next room. The more he and the beauty of their womanhood in the presence

fought it, the more he had to listen. of God, if they accepted God's plan here on earth.

"Brother Maki, we've had a change in your The statement struck Kaarlo like a bolt of baptismal arrangements,"the missionary was lightning. "My Helmi alive and waiting for me?"

saying. His heart was pounding. "Can it be true?"he

"Good, good!"Kaarlo, in the next room, whiswhispered.

pered to himself. How much longer the missionaries stayed was

The elder continued: "How would you like to be unknown to Kaarlo. His mind was held captive

baptized tomorrow afternoon rather than next by the memory of his lovely Helmi. How was her

week?"hair fixed? In a braid, a bun, or flowing over her

Kaarlo was rocked by panic. "Say no! Never!"shoulder? Yes, yes, that was it—long and lovely

he shouted within himself. and golden as the sunwarmed wheat. Her eyes

"The reason for the change,"Elder Davis conwere blue as the summer sky is blue, and her skin, tinued, "is that the swimming hall has been reclear and pink. Was he crying? The tears

scheduled for competition next week. We have trickled down his cheeks. Wonderful, gay Helmi!

the portable font coming on the midnight train Remember how she proudly stood in the door of from Pori, and we can set it up in the chapel the little cottage by the lake and presented him tomorrow."with his tiny son as he returned from the logging

Matti looked toward the bedroom door and then camp? There she is now, standing on the little

back to the elders. "What time shall I meet you boat dock at the lake with the picnic basket in one

at the chapel?"arm and Matti in the other. How full of life and

The tears shone in the eyes of Elders Davis and youth and joy she is, with the warmth of summer

Clark as smiles of gratitude spread across their all about her. The old man stretched forth his

faces. Kaarlo's heart was sinking in hurt and arms to enfold her tenderly. It was as if she

bitterness. The dark room seemed to be closing were there, vibrant and sweet, in the room with

tighter about him as he felt Helmi and now Matti him now.

fading out of his life forever. Then came the ravages of war, and in the white

"Is there anything you would like to ask or and empty bleakness of the winter forest she was review before we get into, our discussion?"Elder gone. Kaarlo felt himself standing in the little

Davis asked. cemetery by the church as her coffin was slowly

Matti thought for a moment. "Yes, there is. I'd lifted from the cart and placed in the frozen

like you to review the journey of man through the ground. The gray wooden box disappeared beLord's plan of eternal life."neath the dirt and snow. "Helmi!"the old man

"The journey of man indeed!"Kaarlo coughed. cried. "We had so little time!"

Elder Clark set up his flannel board and proThe voice of Elder Davis rang clear in his mind:

cee'ded to explain the plan of salvation as out- "... and live in the beauty of their womanhood

lined in the scriptures. Matti answered the forever."

questions with accuracy. "Is it true, is it true?"Kaarlo kept asking, as

The whole story was inconceivable to Kaarlo. he tossed and turned all night. First Helmi, then

Why, even the priest had declared at Helmi's the book he had torn, and then Matti danced befuneral that her spirit would rest forever in that fore his vision through the long hours.

great beyond while her body remained forever in Perhaps he slept and dreamed—he could not

the ground. tell; but the dull aching in his back and shoulders

As Elder Clark finished the review, Elder Davis reminded him that he had not rested. He sat

February 1968 up slowly and rested on the edge of the bed. The Matti set the tray on Kaarlo's lap and watched

room was still dark, but he shuffled his way to the while the old man ate the hot mush. "Papa,"he

window and parted the drapes. The air was clear hesitated, "I will be baptized today into the Morand the scene still and sharp. He glanced toward mon Church."

the clear black of the sky; the few stars that Kaarlo nodded his head. "I know. I heard your

remained in the predawn were brilliant. The American friends speak of it last night."

pureness of the night flowed into his soul and Matti watched his father's eyes carefully, but sharpened the longing he felt for Helmi. He stared he could not read the expression behind them.

at the sky. "Papa, I don't mean to hurt you or bring you

"Oh, tell me,"he cried, "is it true what the shame, but I have to join the Mormons. I know

Americans say?"It was the first time he had that they speak the truth."

ever called upon any divine being. He stumbled The old man searched his son's face before

back to the bed and fell exhausted upon it.... speaking. "You have been a good son, always,

Matti threw back the covers and swung his and you have never been dishonest with your feet into his slippers before the alarm went off. papa. Are you sure that this new religion is

Today he would be baptized and take his first step the truth?"

toward the kingdom of God! He was excited and "Yes, Papa, I am sure."

happy; then he remembered his father's bitter- "Then I must ask you something else. Last

ness. The worry he felt edged out the joy and night the Americans said we live in youth and

left him troubled as he washed and dressed. Befineness with God in a future life. Is my Helmi

fore he left his room, he knelt down by the side really there, alive and waiting?"

of his bed and prayed. The earnestness with which Kaarlo spoke

"Please, Father in heaven, help Papa to undertugged at Matti's heart. With joyful faith he

stand what I must do."Peace returned to his answered, "Oh, yes! Don't you see, Papa? I have

heart as he rose from his knees and went into the prayed that the Lord would bless you with underkitchen. He fixed a breakfast tray and carried it standing, and he has answered my prayers!"

into his father. "I know,"Kaarlo said. "I have prayed too, and

Kaarlo opened his eyes as his son entered the someday, perhaps, I shall be baptized a Mormon, room. "You bring your old papa his breakfast if they have room for an old man!"

in bed? You are a good son."Matti lifted the tray and smiled at his father

"It's been a long time since I did something with a twinkle in his eye.

good for you, Papa.""You know, Papa? I too have been born of

"Nonsense! You're always good to me."goodly parents!"O

Feminine Agenda

By Mildred Ann Bazan

Although I'm aware it's the hour for sleep,

Some pertinent rendezvous I've yet to keep:

A chapter of Bronte, a diary page,

This week's computation of my sitting wage,

Tivo minutes of whirl in a dress that is new (One must know beforehand what box pleats will do),

One hundred strokes of the brush to my hair,

And, last and best, meeting with God, in prayer!

10 Improvement Era

Teaching ChurchConductedSchoolbySystemthe

*'Illustrated by Dale Kilboutn

ONTACT By Nicholas Van Alfen

JnsiSut&'df Religion Instructor, Ogden, Utah

The dawn was beginning to air. Their comrades on the pilot in the plane waiting in anchase the night shadows from a ground gripped the propeller ticipation during these urgent

United States airstrip in France blades of the planes and shouted, situations was an allimportant on the first of August 1917, as "Contact!"Immediately a vigorfactor. There were times of great

the warning was flashed of apous pull on a blade brought the concern when the shout "Conproaching enemy planes. Ameriwelcome but deafening roar of tact!"and a pull on the procan fighter pilots soon were a powerful engine. Soon the peller did not bring the roar

bursting from the barracks, runplanes were rising into the dawn of the motor because of some ning in several directions. As the to meet the challenge. malfunction.

pilots settled into their cockpits, A successful point of contact As if on an airstrip, a teacher they anxiously waited to hear the between the man on the ground stands before his class; the

keyword pierce the crisp morning controlling the propellers and the students are seated—the "switch"

February 1968 11 "To pass on unfounded, hearsay stories of a sensational nature... is poor teaching."

is on. The hour is extremely class is like standing before In a teacher's life there should

important, because there are receiving stations that have their be a minimum of drawn shades young lives looking to him for a dials variously set. It is the between himself and his students.

meaningful experience. The teachteacher's challenge to influence There cannot be much meaninger may fail to pull the "propeller the class to tune in to the proful contact with a group of stublade,"however, because the hour gram he has prepared for that dents when a teacher does not

seems too long for the little hour. penetrate beyond the shadows

preparation he has, so he delays I remember, when I was a boy, where the real person is to be the takeoff. The result is that a small, wellworn frame house in found.

there is no meaningful contact. which lived an old man who For example, a good relationWhen a teacher vacillates by always kept the window shades ship between a mother and her

spending too much time on nonpulled down. We children were children exhibits a most basic

contributing details, such as a afraid to go near it. No one principle of successful teaching.

lengthy roll call, which could be could see in, and we supposed This principle is her uninhibited handled another way, or rambling that he did not see out. He came love for her children, which she

about in an attempt to be enterout of his house only after dark manifests in her concern, pataining, he does not instill the to walk around the block a few tience, and persistence. Her

feeling of a planned program in times. Our parents had little contact with her children is on a

the minds of his students. Stutrouble getting us to come in just feeling level; thus, her little

dents will sit in anticipation at before dark each evening, even "class"has full confidence in the feet of a teacher who knows though the old man never hurt their "teacher."In all teaching

where he is going and gets on his anyone. Then one very cold day situations, the feeling contact

way. A good teacher is eager to they found him dead in his small, leaves the most enduring impresent his material and is enclosed-in world. People knew his pression.

thusiastic about what he has to name but that was all. The use of imagination is an

offer. Very few people live alone in excellent point of contact. For

All of us are searching to find little frame houses with drawn example, the beauty of a gem is contact with the meaningful shades. Many people, however, not enhanced by exhibiting it in

things that give life the spark and do live alone with their problems, the palm of the hand; its true

purpose it should have. It is then which are often very serious and beauty is even inhibited in such

that we soar above mundane sad. Sometimes even parents are a situation. But this same stone

thoughts and mundane living. The not aware of their own children's displayed in a lovely setting inpoint of contact found by stuproblems, because they are so creases in value to the eye and

dents in a meaningful experience busy with other things. seems more desirable.

in a classroom may prove to be Students often have a drawn The same is true of a meaning- a turning point in their lives. By shade covering their problems. ful gem of life that possibly could

finding the points of contact in Teachers may be unaware of the remain in a vague stage because the lives of class members, a heartaches of a student sitting of inadequate explanation. Disteacher can become the architect only three feet away in a classplaying life's values in word picof many souls through the use of room. The only way we will ever tures, stories, and illustrations

proper methods and knowledge. know that others are sad and makes them more real, vivid, and

Students become involved only may need help is for us to evenmeaningful in life's situations, when a teacher's lesson enters tually raise by personal interest and the desire to possess such into the orbit of their experience. that shade which is dividing their values is stimulated.

A teacher can pull on the proproblems from o'ur perception. To illustrate, consider the folpeller blade of nonliferelated Only then will we be able to conlowing: A honeybee moves from

material for an hour and not even tact each other heartto-heart as flower to flower and plant to get a sputter. Standing before a well as eyeto-eye. plant. Some of these plants are

12 Improvement Era bitter to the taste, while others ask himself, "Is what I am going in which I lived gathered in an are sweet. The bee only extracts to teach reasonable? Does it fit early morning session prior to the

and stores the sweet that blesses into the total pattern of the general meeting of our stake conmankind. So it should be with teachings of the Church, the ference. Among other business

us. Out of the variety of life's New Testament, and modern taken up, we learned from our

experiences, one must store only scriptures? Do I understand visiting General Authority that

the sweet to become part of him. what I am talking about? Am I the presiding brethren were someIf we choose, we may also store dabbling in the 'sowhat'areas?"what concerned about a rash of

the bitter in our souls as we walk A teacher who is not mindful such stories abounding at the through life, seeing only the ugly of these questions may short time. This member of the Genand wrong and developing a sickcircuit some of the lives of his eral Authorities told us that he

ness of soul that leads to spiritual students through his contact with had been assigned to ascertain if death. student thinking by adding to the there were validity to the inciWord pictures leave lasting imalready present problem about dents described. He had not suppressions. The story of the Prodireligion that students have in ceeded up to that time because

gal Son has special meaning to some areas of their college the persons supposedly involved fathers who find contact with the education. in such stories were unidentified,

story or to sons who find themSensationalism may gain the There was one case in which selves personally involved. Equaltemporary interest of a class, but the principal person in such a

ly effective are the stories of it is a poor substitute for a realisstory was named, but when this the Good Samaritan, the Sower, tic and rational approach to person was approached he was the woman found in adultery, and religion and life. To become abquite amused because he knew

many others. These and other sorbed in the speculative, to teach nothing about it. The visiting

qualities made Christ the Master the future as if it has been bluebrother clearly indicated that we

Teacher, after whom we try to printed in detail by the prophets as leaders in the stake should pattern our teaching. of the past, is not the true image strongly discourage these things.

Men and women who teach, that should represent religion in Teachers who are responsible for however, should not go on and on the lives of young people. To directing the minds of others

borrowing from the Master alone seek contact with student minds must also avoid such speculative but should become imaginative through passing on unfounded, and unfounded stories. The

and creative in their own right, hearsay stories of a sensational Apostle Paul said to the Church

Just as Christ's source was the nature, involving supposed experiin his day, "Prove all things; hold

world around him, so should our ences by this or that person who fast that which is good."(I Thess.

modern world and experiences be is never present for verification, 5:21.)

rich sources for stories and illusis poor teaching. We have a lofty image of men

trations that will contact lives. One would have to stretch his who can heal the body or send a

The days of witch hunting, imagination enormously to accept spacecraft to distant planets, and superstition, and ignorance have some of the stories that caught these achievements are important, yielded to human progress and fire sometime ago about the Among the most precious assets divine revelation. Young people Three Nephites. One or all, deof society, however, are effective

today have the advantage of being pending upon the story, were teachers who develop young exposed to education and critical supposed to be hitchhiking on the minds. The men and women who

thinking. Continuing education highways delivering messages of have paid the price to become

is refining the thought processes warning to this generation of the successful architects of the soul of our developing youth to the Church through considerate drivthrough making meaningful conpoint where they want rational ers who had given them rides, tacts with young lives are the answers. Every time a teacher During this period the bishoprics hope of our future generations

of religion faces a class, he must and high councilors of the stake in the Church. O

February 1968 13 A NewLook at the Pearl ofGreat Price

By Dr. Hugh Nibley

Part I. Challenge and Response (Continued)

Amateurs All

The everincreasing scope of knowledge necessary to cope gives rise can be even worse, a quack being anybody posing with the great problems of our day has led to increasing as an authority—a shadow of a shadow. There is a place

emphasis on a maxim that would have sounded very strange in the world for professionalism and even for "authority"only a few years ago: "There are no fields—there are only in science, as Thomas S. Kuhn has explained at great length;

problems!"—meaning that one must bring to the discussion every field has its "paradigms"that must be mastered

and solution of any given problem whatever is required to thoroughly so that they can be used as tools, quickly, deftly, understand it: If the problem calls for a special mathematics, with unconscious skill, in the processes of problem solving.

one must get it; if it calls for three or four languages, one The expert is one who knows how to use those tools, and

must get them; if it takes 20 years, one must be prepared because the Doctors have not chosen to use their knowledge

to give it 20 years—or else shift to some other problem. in a serious study of the Pearl of Great Price, it does not

Degrees and credentials are largely irrelevant where a probfollow that such knowledge is not important for such lem calls for more information than any one department study—rather, it is indispensable.

can supply or than can be packaged into any one or a dozen Any ancient text is utterly without meaning to one who degrees. does not know the language in which it is written. EgypNow the Pearl of Great Price presents a number of big tian, however, being written in pictures, has been held

problems with which no Egyptologist has ever coped. A to enjoy a unique status among the mysteries. Away back

knowledge of Egyptian is the first step toward a solution of in the fifth century Horapollon had the idea that by such problems, but it is by no means the last. Still, first attributing a symbolic meaning to each little picture and

things come first: "Ancient Egypt,"wrote one of the earliest putting the symbols together, one could discover the meanmodern researchers in the field, "is accessible only to a ing of any Egyptian text. This theory was adhered to by

small number, because of the length and the difficulties wouldbe translators of Egyptian right down to the time of of the initiation into the language of the hieroglyphs.... Champollion, and it still has its advocates among Latterday

But can a historian... renounce the direct examination of Saints who would discover evernew secrets in the Facthe original documents, which become every day more similes and identify battered Indian rockcarvings with

varied and more numerous, without violating the first rule Egyptian glyphs.

of his discipline?"42 The attempt to give one's own interpretation to pictureLike it or not, we are stuck with Egyptian, and it is only writing is hard to resist. At the general conference in

fair to note, in defense of the specialists, that if authoriApril 1967, for example, somebody circulated a mimeotarianism can be a great mischief, the quackery to which it graphed document bearing the frank and forthright title,

14 Improvement Era And though he denied that his brochure was "circulated especially among the students of Latterday

Saint high schools,"

he did admit putting it in the hands of those who would see

that it got there.

"Why Would Anyone Want to Fight the Truth?"The hazard. 44 The air of mystery and romance that has always

"truth"in this case consisted of the author's commonsense surrounded things Egyptian has never failed to attract swarms observations on the nature of Egyptian, such as, that an of crackpots, cultists, halfbaked scholars, selfcertified exEgyptian symbol written with four elements "could be no perts, and outand-out charlatans. The poor Egyptologist,

more than a single Egyptian word."But ancient languages constantly confronted with such characters and their antics,

have a way of ignoring our modern commonsense rules; is understandably on his guard, quick to suspect and ever

the Egyptians in particular had an incurable weakness for alert to the slightest signs of wishful thinking or free and abbreviations, omissions, transpositions, puns, and cryptoeasy logic. At the same time every Egyptologist is something

grams, and their writings are full of signs which, even of a crusader who feels bound to foster and encourage interwhen we know their meaning (which is by no means est in his important but neglected field; he is naturally and

always the case), require at least a sentence or two to humanely hesitant to give any sincere seeker the brushoff, explain them. Anyone is free to guess at the meaning of or to offend any possible future donor or patron of his art.

any Egyptian phrase, and one of the most picturesque asIn addition, the Egyptologist is himself a romantic at heart, pects of the discipline is a process that never ceases, day or else he would never have chosen such a field for himself, and night, year in and year out, by which Egyptologists are and has a secret and sometimes rather obvious kinship with constantly altering and improving on each other's transthe glamor hunters. That, of course, makes him even more

lations. But one is not free to present his interpretation circumspect in his behavior; he can't afford to get involved

as "The Truth,"and then ask in hurt and accusing tones, or identified with such creatures, he shies like a thorough- "Why Would Anyone Want to Fight the Truth?""I have bred horse at every rag and tatter of nonsense in the breeze,

acted upon a principle to which I attach the greatest imand he avoids religious controversies like death itself. To

portance,"wrote A. H. Gardiner, the dean of Egyptian expect a sympathetic word for Joseph Smith from such

grammarians; "even a wrong idea is better than no idea people is, of course, asking too much—a serious Egyptologist

at all, and progress in translation can only come by prejust can't risk it. Even to display too lively an interest in

senting to the critics some definite objective to tilt at."43 So the Pearl of Great Price or the Book of Mormon has been

far was he from thinking that the experts ever have a known to jeopardize one's professional standing.

corner on truth! Bishop Spalding Prepares His Surprise

The specialists, however, can hardly be blamed for hesiBishop Spalding is described by those who knew him as tating to become involved in arguments with just anybody, a charming man, a convincing speaker, "a controversialist for they are daunted by a peculiarly insidious occupational by nature,"45 an enthusiastic intellectual who "follows

February 1968 15 a

those who go to the farthest frontiers of research in modern, "Much of Bishop Spalding's work,"according to the interor higher, criticism... and fearlessly accepts the results view in the Times, "was done in the Metropolitan Museum

of that school of thought,"40 an ardent social reformer who, of Art in this city."53 This suggests that the final scheme

while urging the Mormons to come over to his one "histook shape only after a number of other approaches had toric faith,"regrets that the same Mormons are actually proven ineffectual. Many a better scholar than Dr. Spalding

doing what he only wishes his own people would do in the has discovered that the revelations of Joseph Smith that way of organized activity, while he labors "to help 'sweep look so delightfully vulnerable at first sight become more and garnish'the house of faith with the whisk broom of difficult to refute the more carefully one studies them. "The

Marxian sophistries."47 Bishop, it is said, gave a liberal portion of his time and

This man simply could not square the supernaturalist thought for some years to this literary production, fully claims of Joseph Smith with the enlightened thinking of expecting that when it should appear in print, it would 1912. He made such a show of fair play and was so diligent signal the end of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

in procuring the support of the most eminent scholars in Saints."54 To compile the little book of but eight very brief

putting the Prophet to the test that even B. H. Roberts letters would take no very great amount of time or effort

felt constrained to confess, "his method... is entirely what was Dr. Spalding doing all those years? That his

legitimate, and the spirit of it [is] irreproachable."48 long and zealous labors should have brought forth so little

But others, taking a closer look, were not so sure: is in itself a strong point in Joseph Smith's favor.

"... while the bishop appears to treat his subject with But Spalding made the best psychological use of the

fairness,"wrote Osborne J. P. Widtsoe, "[and] while he little that he had (an old game with ministers), catching

tries to impress his reader with his openness, his frankness, the Mormons completely off guard when he finally "fired his candor, his honesty, yet his every argument is based [his] broadside at us,"as Professor N. L. Nelson put it:

upon some unfair implication, some false premise.... "... think, man,"he wrote to his old friend, the bishop,

His fairness is but surface deep."49 This grave charge is "of the 'imprudence'of it! without a declaration of war,

fully borne out in an interview published in the New York and in a time of profound peace."Dr. Spalding was

Times, in which the bishop's magnanimous spirit of love counting on just that surprise to spread dismay and conand affection for the Mormons takes on a decidedly greenish fusion, but though the burst was impressive, "as regards tinge: threefourths of us, the effect was purely spectacular—

"The breaking up of Mormonism through the desertion compound of smoke and noise."55

of the intellectual part of its membership is the failure for Spalding's avowed purpose was to save "thousands of the Prophet Smith's church which Bishop Spalding foresees. young men and women"from "the hopelessly illogical,

It is for that reason that he prefers to address the Mormons untruthful, unspiritual, and immoral system of Joseph as his friends rather than to attack them."50 Smith, Jr."56 And though he denied that his brochure was

Spalding's friend, Dr. Frederick J. Pack, perceived the "circulated especially among the students of the Latterday

wily stratagem thus freely admitted by Bishop Spalding Saint high schools,"he did admit putting it in the hands when he was far away from Utah, and commented on its of those who would see that it got there. 57 The appeal to

effectiveness: "... the apparent fairness shown by Dr. intellectual honesty without any insistence on hard study

Spalding made far into the ranks of the Latterday Saints can always count on having some effect among those who a well prepared path along which the conclusions of his wish to be thought intellectual, and R. C. Webb noted

article might readily follow."51 And when a banker friend that the Spalding plan capitalized on that snob appeal

from the East asked the good bishop, "Why not leave the which is never lost in academic circles. 58 Hence it was not

Mormons alone?"he replied, "Well, I must feel about surprising that when a valedictory speaker at the University

their acceptance of what is intellectually and morally unof Utah two years later issued the routine call for greater true, just as you would feel if you knew a group of people freedom of thought, his boldness was nationally advertised were coining... counterfeit money."52 If Dr. Spalding by a visiting professor to the university as the direct fruit

had ever heard of the Constitution, which explicitly proof Spalding's demonstration to the Mormons that "one of vides that holding a wrong opinion about anything is not their sacred books is spurious."59 Miffed when the Mormons

a crime, as counterfeiting is, he still could not, for all his refused to lie down because he said "bang,"Bishop Spalding vaunted liberalism, stand the thought that a religion whose declared that his project "has become not only a test of teachings he believed to be false should be permitted to the competency of the First Presidency of the Church, but stay in operation. also of the reliability of the present head of the church,"

As he went about with his sweet strategic smile ("He since the latter had been unwise enough to believe Joseph writes to the Mormons in a kindly mood,"says the Times), Smith instead of Spalding's experts. 60 But it is high time

the bishop was working hard on his demolition project. to take a closer look at the famous test.

16 Improvement Era "Just the Test We Need"of what he supposed its meaning to be,"since nobody in

The Reverend Spalding's book is dedicated "To my many America could really read the stuff. 65 Orson Pratt put it

Mormon friends—who are as honest searchers after the differently: "Mr. C [handler] had also obtained from

truth"as he hopes he is himself. This humane and generous learned men the best translation he could of some few

approach caught the Mormons off guard, as it was meant characters, which however, was not a translation, but more to do. "The manifest fairness of the inquiry and the apparin the shape of their ideas with regard to it, their acquaintently well founded conclusions,"wrote Professor Pack, ance with the language not being sufficient to enable them

"came as somewhat of a surprise to the 'Mormon'people,"to translate it literally."66

who were not accustomed to the soft sell. 61 The book opens Strangely enough, this last statement exactly fits Dr.

with the magnanimous admission that others have been Spalding's own eight experts, as we shall see. But whatever

impetuous, illinformed, discourteous, and unfair in judging the competence of the informants, in Chandler's day or the Mormons, and that the time has come for a cool, fairSpalding's, the point here is that it is Joseph Smith who minded, objective testing of the claims of the Prophet. In actually suggests and carries out the very test the bishop

particular, the Book of Mormon "has never had the serious devised. It was also Joseph Smith's idea, it will be recalled,

examination which its importance demands."02 To correct

this oversight, the author then launches into as rigged and spurious a test of prophetic inspiration as was ever devised "We have at our disposal by the Scribes and Pharisees. all the necessary resources

Beginning with the statement, "If the Book of Mormon is true, it is, next to the Bible, the most important book in for making the world,"Spalding notes that no definitive test of that an almost foolproof test."

book's authenticity is possible at this time, but suggests that it would be quite possible to test Joseph Smith's competence as a translator by examining not the Book of Morto submit copies of the original writing from the plates of mon but another of his translations, that contained in the the Book of Mormon to the best scholars in America for

Pearl of Great Price under the title of the Book of Abraham. their frank opinion. Granted again that nobody could read

In this document, according to Bishop Spalding, "we have the "Anthon Transcript"either then or today, it was still just the test we need of Joseph Smith's accuracy as a transvery important for the leading antiquarians in the country lator."03 to be given a chance to speak their piece, lest the world say

And he is right. Here we have at our disposal all the forever after: "Joseph Smith never dared to show his mythinecessary resources for making an almost foolproof test. cal manuscript to real scholars; he never gave the experts a

Moreover, it was Joseph Smith himself who first proposed chance to express an opinion about it!"Whatever opinions

and submitted to the test. When the papyri of the Book of Professor Anthon expressed about the transcript, his letters

Abraham first came into his hands, the Prophet, having show that he was indeed given ample opportunity to study learned that their owner, Michael H. Chandler, had gone the characters and express an opinion about them.

out of his way to solicit the opinions of the experts in the The Prophet Joseph, then, is willing enough to undergo big cities where he had exhibited his mummies, went into the most objective tests, but Bishop Spalding will not let a room by himself and wrote out his interpretation of some him! The least the latter could have done would have been

of the symbols; then he invited Mr. Chandler to compare to follow the classic procedure used in the vindication of

what he had written with the opinions of "the most the cuneiform scholars many years before. In 1857 that

learned."Chandler did so, and was properly impressed, same Ernest Renan who was loudly declaring Jesus to be a

voluntarily giving Joseph Smith a signed statement: myth was telling the public that nobody could read cunei-

"... to make known to all who may be desirous, conform—that the Assyriologists were simply fooling themselves

cerning the knowledge of Mr. Joseph Smith, Jun., in deand others. So to* put everyone's mind at ease, Sir George

ciphering the ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic characters in Grote sent a cuneiform text to four scholars, requesting my possession, which I have, in many eminent cities, showed each one to give his interpretation of the thing; then it was

to the most learned; and, from the information that I could a simple matter to compare the answers and let the public

ever learn, or meet with, I find that of Mr. Joseph Smith, decide whether these men really knew what they were

Jun., to correspond in the most minute matters. [Signed:] doing or not. 67

Michael H. Chandler."04 This was obviously the procedure indicated for dealing

Parley P. Pratt suggests that Chandler might have "on with the Facsimiles. Joseph Smith had given his interpreone occasion met with an individual who was enabled to tation of the three ancient Egyptian documents and had

decipher a small portion, or, at least, to give an opinion challenged the world to give its own interpretation of the

February 1968 17 same. So one had only to do what Sir George did, that is, the letter that set up the experiment and determined the

send the three Facsimiles from the Pearl of Great Price to state of mind in which each of the participants approached various Egyptologists without comment, requesting each one the problem. "This inquiry you claim to be of transcendent

to give his interpretation of them. Then Bishop Spalding importance to the world,"wrote Dr. John A. Widtsoe to

could open the envelopes publicly and invite the world to Bishop Spalding later. "If you are sincere in this... you

compare the readings of the experts with each other and certainly would not be ready to pronounce final judgment with Smith's ideas. What could be fairer and simpler? on the basis of eight or eleven letters written in answer to,

Joseph Smith had put all the ingredients for a clear and only Heaven knows, what questions you propounded."72

foolproof test into Spalding's hands, and even shown him (Italics added.) As a scientist, Dr. Widtsoe knew that the

how to go about it—and Spalding threw it all away! R. C. most important thing in writing up an experiment is a

Webb observed, "... it might have occurred to an 'honest minute and accurate account of the exact procedure followed

searcher after truth,'... to have removed the captions from—and that is precisely the part of the report that Dr.

these figures.... Such an 'honest searcher'should have Spalding chose to omit.

known perfectly well that 'scholars'would object to and Whatever the covering letter said (and none was ever denounce Smith as a 'scab translator.'"68 That is, it was

absolutely imperative to get the experts'opinions before showing them Smith's answer, just as the Prophet had "... it is strange indeed

handed his interpretations to Chandler before he knew what the others had said, leaving it to Mr. Chandler to compare that the most important letter

them. of all is missing....':

But instead of calmly asking each scholar for his reading and then letting the public judge for itself, Bishop

Spalding, as he reports it, sent "the original texts, together with his [Smith's] interpretations... to competent scholmade public), it or they completely destroyed that atmoars,"with the idea that "if they declared his translation to sphere of cool and detached impartiality which Dr. Spalding

be correct, then it must be accepted as true."69 The quesdeclared himself so anxious to achieve. Dr. Mercer, the

tion put to the specialists was not "What is your interpreleader of the band, admits that "illtemper was shown"tation of these things?"but instead, "Here is what the and that "several of the scholars were disgusted at what

notorious Joseph Smith says about these Egyptian docuthey sincerely believed to be an imposition—'righteous

ments; is he right or wrong?"Stating the question thus wrath,'perhaps."73 But he insists that religion has nothing

not only made it very easy for the doctors to answer with to do with this righteous wrath—"the letters were not

a terse "yes"or "no,"but also carefully set the stage to prejudiced,"74 and he testifies as one of the jury "that avoid any possible danger that one of the correspondents Bishop Spalding did not in any way, either intentionally or might in an unguarded moment drop a word in favor of unintentionally, prejudice the witnesses."75 All he had to do

Smith. Professor Pack observed that since Bishop Spalding to prejudice the whole company was simply to mention

"has evidently written for opinions to a large number of the name of Joseph Smith, but no, these men, though three scholars"it might be in order to ask whether any replies of them are ministers of Spalding's church, expressed only "a more or less favorable to Joseph Smith had been withheld, scorn which was due to the crudeness of the linguistic work "whether any disharmonious statements may have been of the Prophet.... They condemned it purely on linguisreceived and not published,"since the published letters are tic grounds."70 To labor the point, since Mercer admits

very few and very brief. 70 Even with such precautions, the that it is a very important one, "the animus evident in the

bishop does not trust his jury, but prefaces their remarks communications of Sayce and Petrie is purely because of with 17 pages of elaborate argument to demonstrate the linguistic, and not because of religious reasons."77 Why

impossibility of Joseph Smith's being a true prophet no linguistic animus in a field in which the experts are conmatter what the experts may say. stantly correcting each other's translations? Is scientific

Of the letters that make up his book, Dr. Spalding reanimus any less prejudiced than religious animus? Mercer

ports: "It seemed necessary... to copy in full the letters from isn't kidding anybody: by bringing Joseph Smith into the

the experts exactly as I secured them."71 With such meticupicture from the very first, Bishop Spalding effectively

lous and commendable care to see that the reader knows just loaded the dice—from then on only one game was possible.

what is going on, it is strange indeed that the most important letter of all is missing, namely, the covering letter that Some Basic Misconceptions went with the request for an opinion from each of the Not only do all of Spalding's jury labor under certain authorities. For that is the letter to which they are replying, serious misconceptions, but their verdict is in every case

18 Improvement Era Important and stimulating reading

1. LET'S TALK

by Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis $2.95

A medical doctor looks at the social, moral, and spiritual problems which confront us today. He

deals forthrightly and factually with the use of drugs, smoking, glue sniffing, alcohol, heart attacks, sexual problems and promiscuity, food fadism, and many other timely subjects. A book that

can equip you to meet the challenges of the world around you, and the temptations within.

2. KEY TO HAPPINESS

by Beatrice M. Sparks $3.95

Written especially to high school and collegeage girls, this book contains the secrets that make life a happy and rewarding experience. Foreword by

Laraine Day.

3. A MORE EXCELLENT WAY

by Neal A. Maxwell $2.95

An outstanding book that deals with the development of leadership qualities, this volume will be the MIA leadership training text for 196869. It

will also be a valuable aid to the priesthood leadership training program.

4. IT'S SMART TO BE A LATTERDAY SAINT

by LaRue C. Longden $2.50

Here, for Latterday Saints of all ages, is a timely and readable explanation of exactly why a life of obedience to the gospel offers unmatched happiness and peace of mind.

5. MEET THE MORMONS

by Doyle and Randall Green $2.95

A brand new edition of this profusely illustrated introduction to the Church and its beliefs. Many

beautiful new color plates, and completely upto- date with the latest statistics on the Church.

Printed on deluxe stock—an ideal gift book.

6. DOCTRINAL COMMENTARY ON THE

PEARL OF GREAT PRICE by Dr. Hyrum Andrus $4.95

Scholarly analysis of the scriptures that have been in the news recently, with the discovery of papyri formerly in the possession of Joseph Smith.

This commentary is essential reading for all students of latterday scripture.

February 1968 19 determined by those misconceptions. "... all the plained, "These constituted the writings of Abraham—the

learned doctors,"wrote Osborne J. P. Widtsoe, "... seem text by Abraham's own hand; though there is nothing to show

to have labored under the impression that the original that this text had not been widely copied, and that this parmanuscript of the Book of Abraham was available, that ticular [manuscript] may not, in fact, have been a copy 500 the three facsimiles... constitute that original manuscript, years after Abraham's day."82 J. M. Sjodahl assumes that it

and that the inscriptions on those facsimiles were 'written was a copy: "As the work proceeded, he [Joseph Smith] beby his [Abraham's] own hand.'To one who is acquainted came convinced that one of the rolls of papyrus contained a

with Church history, there could be made no representation copy of a book written by Abraham."83 And Osborne Widtfarther from the truth than this of Bishop Spalding's consoe opined that "this particular roll [the Book of Abraham]

cerning the Book of Abraham."78 Yet it was on these three may or may not have been written by Abraham's own hand.

incorrect assumptions that the experts based all their arguPossibly it was a copy of Abraham's original manuscript."84

ments against Joseph Smith. Consider the three points. From the way the expression is used in the scriptures

First of all, Joseph Smith did not draw the Facsimiles; and by the brethren, it is clear that when a piece was said

they were the work of a professional wood engraver, Reuben to be by its author's "own hand,"what is meant is that

Hedlock, who undertook the job on February 23, 1842, at the Prophet's request, and finished it just a week later. 79

It was, as we shall see, a very creditable piece of work, but "Joseph Smith the miserable copies that Bishop Spalding circulated among never claimed they his jury of experts made a very poor impression, and their raw clumsiness was in every case attributed to the Prophet were autographic manuscripts himself. Some critics have noted that some of the numbers.... of Abraham."

that have been added to Facsimile 2 are upside down, and have again assumed that Joseph Smith put them that way;

but as R. C. Webb points out, "There is no evidence before he originally wrote or dictated it. Even when Wilford

us that Smith is responsible for it."80 Woodruff reports in his journal for February 18, 1842, that

The commonest objection to the authenticity of the "Joseph the Seer has presented us some of the Book of

Facsimiles is that they are of too late a date to have been Abraham, which was written by his own hand...,"it means

drawn by Abraham. But Joseph Smith never claimed that that the Book of Abraham is not merely a book about

they were autographic manuscripts or that they dated from Abraham, of which many are known in the apocryphal the time of Abraham. "... with W. W. Phelps and Oliver literature, but one actually written by him. Actually, what

Cowdery as scribes,"he writes as of July 1835, "I comthe Prophet "presented"to the Saints, who had seen the menced the translation of some of the characters or hieropapyri a hundred times, was his own rendering of the book, glyphics, and much to our joy found that one of the rolls which of course was not literally written by the hand of contained the writings of Abraham, another the writings of Abraham.

Joseph of Egypt."81 (Italics added.) It is and was common It was only to be expected, human nature being what

to refer to any author's works as his writings, whether he it is, that the announcement that the writings of Abraham penned them himself or dictated them to others. The Book and Joseph had been found with some mummies should

of Mormon and the Pearl of Great Price itself, for example, have promptly given rise to the rumor that Joseph Smith are both writings of Joseph Smith, though written down was in possession of "the bodies of Abraham, Abimelech, entirely by the hands of other men and women. (the king of the Philistines), Joseph, who was sold into

Men of such importance as Abraham and Joseph in Egypt, &c, &c."And it was just as natural that the enemies

Egypt would surely have followed the accepted custom and of the Prophet should circulate the charge "that the purdictated their "writings"to scribes. The system is clear in chasers of these antiquities"were spreading such rumors

the book of Jarom, verse 14, where we are referred to "the "for the purpose of attracting the attention of the multitude, writings of the kings, or those which they caused to be and gulling the unwary."These reports, the Prophet wrote

written,"and elsewhere in the Book of Mormon we are in December 1835, were "utterly false. Who these ancient

told of writings even "by the hand of"Mormon, Nephi, inhabitants of Egypt were, I do not at present say."85 He

Moses, Omni, and others, and even "by the finger of God"was not leaping at conclusions or claiming revelations on (Alma 10:2), and also of a letter of Giddianhi sealed with all things; indeed, the mummies did not particularly interest

his own hand—yet the plates from which the Book of him, and he only consented to let Chandler have the high

Mormon was translated were largely the work of Mormon price he asked for them because he could procure the papyri and were never seen by some of the men whose very hands in no other way: "... Mr. Chandler told him that he

supposedly had written them. As George Q. Cannon exwould not sell the writings, unless he could sell the mum20 Improvement Era

mies...."86 The mere sight of the mummies did not texts with the Prophet's translation are available for our

excite Joseph Smith, and neither did the rolls of papyri investigation"is simply not true. It makes all the difference

hefore he knew what was on them: they were just "somein the world what particular text a scholar has to work

thing rolled up... which, when examined, proved to be with, as a comparison of the recently discovered original

two rolls of papyrus."It was only after the mummies had of Facsimile 1 with the copies of it that Spalding sent to the

been bought and the rolls examined that the brethren critics should make clear to anyone. O

discovered, "much to our joy,"how important they were.87

"The characters,"Joseph Smith reported, "are such as you (To be continued) find upon coffins of mummies—hieroglyphs, etc.,"that is,

quite ordinary stuff, to look at them. 88 It is amusing to see

how the Spalding specialists petulantly declare the Facsimiles, which they confess themselves unable to read, to FOOTNOTES be to all appearances nothing but perfectly ordinary Egyptian documents. Joseph Smith could have told them that. p. 42Maxence3. de Rochemonteix, Bibliotheque Egyptologique (Paris, 1894), Vol. 3,

The Prophet made no dogmatic statement as to how '"This"A. H. themeGardiner,was oftenJournaldiscussedof Egyptianby G.Archaeology,Maspero, e.g.Vol.in 9Bibliotheque(1924), p. Egypto-6.

the writings got in with the mummies, and Church memlogique,cusses hisVol.own29,changingpp. 269276;ideas. Vol.On the1 (1893),dangerouspp. appealviff, inof whichEgypt Masperoto amateurs,disbers speculated freely on the subject. "It is supposed,"A.GloryWeigall,of the TutankhamenPharaohs (London,and Other1923),EssaysCh. (London,5. 1923), Ch. 3, and The

wrote Parley P. Pratt, "they were preserved in the family of "SR.SpaldingC. Webb,in thisEra,longVol.article,17, p.pp. 565.565ff.Webb paints an intellectual portrait

of the Pharaoh and afterwards hid up in the embalmed B.4TWebb,H. Roberts,op. cit., Deseretpp. 568ff,News,577; Dec.the quote19, 1912,is fromp. p.11. 569.

body of the female with whom they were found."89 The 49OsborneRoberts, Era,J. P. Vol.Widtsoe,16, p. Era,310. Vol. 16, p.- 594,. illustrating. this by examples

reporter of a local newspaper, after being shown the mumonmNewpp. 59597.York Times, Magazine Section, Dec. 29, 1912, p. 3.

mies by Mother Smith, wrote a satirical account of how FrederickG2R. C. Webb,J. Pack,Era, Era,Vol. Vol.17, p.16, 566,pp. quoting33334. from Spalding's Utah Survey.

Joseph in Egypt had a roll of papyrus, delivered to him in a New"J. M. YorkSjodahl,Times,Era,loc.Vol.cit.,16,p. p.1. 1100.

Era, KN. L. Nelson, Vol. 16, p. 603.

op. cit., p. 565.wooden box—by an angel, of course—"which was to be Webb,

buried by him with the family of one of the patriarchs.,. Editorialr>8R. C. Webb.in Era,See Vol.the remarks16, p. 378;of E.cf.J. NewBanks,YorkLiteraryTimes,Digest,loc. cit.,July p.10,1. 1915,

Joseph... depositing the case on the Queen's breast, where p. 59The67. Banks article (see above) is fully discussed by Sterling B. Talmage in

it lay until the discovery of the 'brass plates'...."so Era,F. Vol.S. Spalding,16, pp. 77076.Era, Vol. 16, p. 611.

Behind the usual garbling of the familiar motifs, one may Pack,62Spalding,op. Josephcit., p. Smith334. as a Translator, p. 4.

p. 18.detect another version of Brother Pratt's speculation. wIbid.,Documentary History of the Church, Vol. 2, p. 235, from The L.D.S. MesActually, ancient Egyptian documents have been found sengerParley& Advocate,P. Pratt, Vol.Millennial3 (Dec.Star,1835),Vol.p. 3 235.(July 1842), p. 46.

buried with mummies of later date. The manuscript of the 07Encyclopedia69Orson Pratt, JournalBritannica,of Discourses,XI EditionVol.(1910),20 (1878),Vol. 6,p. p.65.308 (s.v. "Chronfamous Ramesseum Dramatic Text, written to be buried ology").ssWebb, Era, Vol. 16, p. 1078.

cit., 69Spalding, op. p. 13.with a king, was found laid away on the mummy of a

cit., op. 70Pack, p. 335.

private citizen 200 years after the time it was written Spalding, Era, Vol. 16, p. 611.

and even then it was copied down from still older sources. 73S.72JohnA. A.B. Widtsoe,Mercer, TheEra, UtahVol. Survey,16, p. 617.Vol. 30, p. 12.

"How this manuscript... came into the private library "Ibid.,Ibid., p.p. 7.10.

of the... Theban in whose grave it was found,"wrote Ibid.,"'"Ibid., p.p. 9.9.

78Osborne J. P. Widtsoe, Era, Vol. 16, p. 599.

Professor Sethe, "is a question which of course can never DHC, Vol. 4, p. 518.

be answered."91 It may not be without significance that 8Webb,DHC, Vol.Era, 2,Vol.p. 17,236. p. 324.

our Pearl of Great Price mummies were also found in S2GeorgeSjodahl, Q.op.Cannon,cit., p. quoted1103. by N. L. Nelson, op. cit., p. 606.

Thebes, and that some other mummies found there, notably &DHC,*OsborneVol.J. P.2, Widtsoe,p. 348. op. cit., p. 600.

those accompanied by those rare and peculiar documents 86Orsons-'DHC, Pratt,Vol. 2,Journalp. 236.of Discourses, Vol. 20, p. 65.

known as hypocephali (Fac. 2 is a hypocephalus), had &lbid.,89Parley p.P. 348.Pratt, Millennial Star, Vol. 3 (July 1842), p. 46.

lying on their breasts just such rolls of papyri, apparently theWarsawCriticismSignal,of theSept.Book19, of1845,Abrahamp. 2, cited(unpublishedby C. D.Master'sMcOmber,thesis,A StudyBrighamof

documents of considerable importance, but not well enough Young91K. University,Sethe, DramatischeProvo, 1960),Textepp.zu 17f.altdgyptischen Mysterienspielen (Leipzig,

preserved to be read. 92 Mummies themselves were "often 1928),9LThisVol.is 2,discussedp. 99. below.

reembalmed by the priests and toted from tomb to tomb Hudson,93C. W.1959),Ceram,p. 138.A Picture History of Archaeology (London: Thames &

for centuries."93 Furthermore, when documents became Stone,94A classicalwhere theinstanceking "ordersis founda copyin theto beintroductionmade whichto shouldthe famousbe betterShabakathan

op. Sethe, in laterworn out from age or use it was quite proper to make a thecit., earlierVol. 1,[original]pp. 4, 8,one 21f.[lit., "Many'than itsveryearlierancientcondition']."—K.books appeared

e.g., of Ptahhistory,"the Admonitions Egyptian throughout regarded exactly as if it were transcriptionscopy, which was thenceforth

there also book, "if, a wrote similar fashion, then, in Abraham Hotep;

94 the in of istombno found that in the supposition it was essential a copy absurdity writings. originalthe

C. Webb, have Bishop Spalding's announcement that he submitted to Era,of someVol.persons17, p.who314.diedWhatevereven 1,000others,or 1,500suchyearsas Wilfordafter his Woodruff,day."—R. may

the specialists "the original text,"and that "the original thoughtment. as to the age of the Facsimiles, Joseph Smith left no clear pronounceFebruary 1968 21

m-u/'i-m-iiw'-iwinw- /*//// -in//< -./////)—////<—//////< -/////(].—mzWEMMEMIEEMEMEMEM

Prepared by the

research

department of the Genealogical Major Genealogical

Society Record Sources in iu//7> f—>fi- f#/y/—J////J j*iiiji—iff jjif—'ijjy/u—>i/n i/i—tin > i>—/iifiif—fuii/—if//f/—/J/i)/*—t/n/f#—//////fj—////i//y—/i///f//—mj|//f—iiiiij//—>//iif—

The chart and table contain A shows at a glance the problem is in the sevenmajor genealogical record record sources available for teenth century, a quick sources of Sweden. The a research problem in a indication can be obtained

major sources are listed, particular century. Table from Table A of the

together with type of rec- B provides more detailed sources available for that ord, period covered, type information about the maperiod. Reference to Table

of information given, and jor records available. For B will then provide more

source availability. Table example, if a pedigree complete information.

MAJOR SOURCE AVAILABILITY BY CENTURY CENTURY

TYPE OF RECORD 15th 16th 17th 18th 19th 20th

1. Emigration Records

2. Lutheran Membership Movements

3. Lutheran Clerical Survey

4. Lutheran Catechistical Records

5. Probate Records

6. Land Records

7. Lutheran Communion Records

8. Census Records—

9. Tax Lists

10. Court Records

11. Lutheran Parish Registers

12. Trade Guild Records

13. Lutheran Church Accounts

14. Provincial Accounts

15. Military Records

16. House of Nobility

TABLE A

MfM/Ml

i s j

-iiiii l -iii(/i<--iilf/fi--iffllli\--//fiiiiiji|i/H--ii||i/i-iillli>—tfflti/*—f//f\i/—f/f/ft/-—'f/Ufil—f/fffl/-- Ul///—uOffi—t/tff—*fif///*—f/f//i—//f///i—-///Ay/—///<///—l

22 Improvement Era

111"*"y*—w/7/i'—mm* jf/ii//—*iMf/J—/iifi/-> iBiiy—"Miif*—>iiftf/#—wiii/f—niitf—-jfi///—*mj//#.—yiiniif—Mtffii*—inw—'imin—nuin—"UBiu—nini—intlTi

Illustrated by Sherry Thompson f/i- >//if/// i///i)i-iipii//iiii-/Hii<ii-)ii-'iniii'--iiii[iimm—iniiHilumEM=dMt3Mi IE: life

MAJOR SOURCES CHRONOLOGICALLY ARRANGED

OF TYPE PERIOD TYPE OF INFORMATION GIVEN AVAILABILITY COVERED RECORD

Brothers Emigration Provincial 18761913 Larsson archives, Company Goteborg; on & 1. EMIGRATION

emicorrespondence the between Agency: film (Genealogical Society) RECORDS

gration inquiring about agency persons and (Emigrations handlingar) emigration; names of correspondents and

their residences in Sweden; sometimes names

of relatives and their residences both in

Sweden and abroad Earliest City Police Records: lists of persons leaving City and provincial archives; some

from 1869 Sweden through various ports, their names, on film (GS) places of residence or places of birth, ages or dates of birth, destination in foreign land, relationships of persons traveling as a family unit 1851 to Government Emigration Records: names of 18511940 on film (GS); 1851 to

present persons emigrating, their ages, sometimes present, National Central Bureau year or date of birth, occupations, places of Statistics, Stockholm of residence at time of emigration, country of destination, relationships 18th C to Passport Journals: information varies; name On film (GS); city of departure;

19th C of person obtaining passport, date when obprovincial archives; Royal War Artained, destination, occupation chives, Stockholm

2. LUTHERAN Earliest in Names of parsons moving in or out of the Earliest to 1860 on film (GS); prolate of parish, places former and new MEMBERthe

status, 17th C; marital date sometimes andresidence,place of vincialin local parisharchives;custody1860 to present SHIP

MOVEMENTS more birth (Flyttningsfrequent langder) 1800 to present Certificates of Approx Same as above but sometimes with more deSame as above

Moving 1750; tail; information varies

(Flyttningsmore attes'ter) frequent 1800 to present

of parishioners, of birth dates Names or Earliest Approx film 1890 to approx on 3. LUTHERAN

of birth, ages, places relation1686-1895 occupations, to (GS); earliest CLERICAL pro1860, approx

ships, places data, dates of death, marriage vincial archives; local 18601895, SURVEY

legitiof residence, arrivals removals, (Household and parish custody

Examination macy of children, marital status, rating on religious knowledge; Rolls) information

1800; evolved before (Husforhorspecially from varies,Lutheranesfdngder) catechistical records (see no. 4) and superseded by the parish records (see item immediately following)

Parish Records 1896 to Succeeded the clerical survey; the informaLocal parish custody

(Forsamlingspresent tion recorded is approximately the same as b'dcker) the clerical survey Abstracts for 1860 to Abstracts taken from the above two records 1860, 1870, 1880, 1890 on film (GS) each tenyear present for statistical purposes; information similar 1860 to present, National Central

period to above but more brief Bureau of Statistics, Stockholm

TABLE B

—tf/y—//ff/tf—will ii—fif/ p - w/yi—mi/f/r—<t iituinw-—wwhwwi, -*\m -min- m*- - "//ft* -'</m- //flu -///ho-///iih -

i—\MAii!#/ 1I 1—i/i/fliu -if//////...—.... -<///-n///-'jJEJjjjjjI I I 111 1-1...—I I #/jy#—iii n ju//—#n//#i—w—mm n///iiu- /i//fli'-fiii/Hi(///HiV..I- ii. I "'SM

February 1968 23.:;;

ARCHIVE ADDRESSES OF TYPE PERIOD TYPE OF INFORMATION GIVEN AVAILABILITY COVERED RECORD

Landsarkivet in Uppsala comparishioners, occupations, of certain Approx Names On film (GS); provincial archives 4. LUTHERAN prises the Ian of Stockholm, status, relationships, residences, marital 16861750, CATECHISTIUppsala, Sbdermanland, Orethe clerical ages; superseded sometimes usually by CAL

(see no. survey item southern 3) RECORDS bro, Vastmanland and Kop-

(KatikismiSweden: parberg. Slottet, Address only langder)

Uppsala. film 16601860 of of on date death; deceased, (GS) sometimes Approx Approx Name 5. PROBATE

in Landsarkivet city or provincial Vadstena present, of heirs, ages, of 1660 to dates sometimes 1660 to names RECORDS cirarchives, district relationships, archives, residences, birth; guardians, court present (Bouppteckcomprises the Ian of Ostergbt-

(nobility) its distribuof cuit courts personal property appeal real and and ningar land, Jbnkbping, Kronoberg tion

; provincial and Kalmar. Address: Slottet, 6. LAND Vadstena. Archive (Kammararchives; RECORDS Approx16301750 dences,Names valuationof land ownersof land and tenants, resicopyOn filmat Cameral(GS)

Landsarkivet in Visby for (Jordebocker) arkivet), Stockholm the Ian of Gotland. residences, 7. of Earliest Address: communicants, Names relaOn film (GS); provincial archives LUTHERAN

status, tionships, occupations, marital some1628, from COMMUNION Visborgsgatan 1, Visby.

ages; clerical survey superseded generally times by RECORDS

in Landsarkivet comLund no. 18th19th (see item 3) (Kommunion- C

prises the Ian of Blekinge, langder)

Kristianstad, Malmohus and 8. CENSUS 1620 to Name of head of household, residence, someEarliest to 1750, then each 5 years

to 1860 children of 1620 to presover age on film (GS); present times wife and names Halland.

relatives, at since archives; provincial especially apent, 15 other copy and Address: DalbyRECORDS(Mantals-

4, Lund. vagen Archives, the widely, varies but information 1900; Stockholm I'dngder) Cameral prox

later the census, the more detailed the inin Landsarkivet Gbteborg formation of comprises the Ian Gbteborg film (GS) LISTS 16201642 Names of landowners and tenants On Bohus, och Alvsborg, at copy Skara- 9. TAX(BoskapsCameral; provincialArchives,archives;Stockborg and Varmland. Address rdkningar) holm

Geijersgatan 1, Gbteborg. in criminal Decisions trials, transfers 16201860 of film earlier Approx on (GS); 10. COURT

estate, in real settlements, Landsarkivet guardianof marriage records 1620 to Harnbsand the magistrate courts RECORDS ships, mortgages, judiciary miscellaneous (Radhusratt) the assize (Dombocker) present courts and the comprises Ian of Gavleitems (Haradsratt) at archives; provincial

borg, Vasternorrland, Vasat copies circuit the of courts appeal (Hovratt) more recent records in terbotten Norrbotten. and

court; custody Address: Nybrogatan 17, local

Births: persons christened, Earliest Earliest born and names film to approx 1860 on 11. LUTHERAN Harnbsand.

birth christening, dates of of legitimacy 1607, ofand PARISH to archives; (GS); provincial 1860

Landsarkivet of father's children, parents, in ostersund occupanames REGISTERS generally present, local parish custody residence, age of mother; sometimes and the for Ian of Jamtland.

of witnesses at christening and Ad- (KyrkobbckerJ present1686 to namestion at 18601947 Transcripts their NOTE. dress: Museiplan, Ostersund. residence, relationoccupations, sometimes of StatNational Central Bureau

Stadsarkivet in Stockholm for ships istics, Stockholm; transcripts 1860the city of Stockholm. AdMarriages: names of candidates, their places 1892 on film (GS)

of residence of marriage, sometimes and date dress Kungsklippan of 61, ages parents or sponsors, and names 8. Stockholm: also regarding information former marriages

Stadsarkivet in Malmb for Deaths: names of deceased, their dates of

the city of Malmb. Address: death and burial, ages, places of residence

at of time death, occupations, conditions, Ostergatan 32, C. Malmb

of causes biographical death; sometimes

in the Stadsarkivet Boras for particularly formation, in Vastmanland andincity of Boras. Address: StadsKopparberg Counties

huset, Boras. (All church 12. TRADE 16041890 Minutes, names of members and those seekOn film (GS); Nordiska Museet,

ing sometimes proof of age, membership; GUILD Stockholm; some in various city records in Boras, however,

parentage, archives and birthplace RECORDS to transferredhave been (SkrahandLandsarkivet in Gbteborg.) lingar)

Stadsarkivet in Vasteras. Ad13. LUTHERAN Earliest Accounts of expenses and contributions; On film (GS); provincial archives

receive residence of persons from and names who CHURCH Stadshuset,dress: Vasteras.

for to the church; 16th C, services rendered payment

records (All church in VasACCOUNTS contributing (Kyrkordkengenerally residence of persons and names gifts middle functions monetary such as at churchteras, however, have been skaper) offrom christenings, burials; relationweddings, 17th and Ctransferred to Landsarkivet to ships 18th C

in Uppsala.)

Riksarkivet;StockholmNational Archives (The National 14. ACCOUNTSPROVINCIAL 15411633 Namestenants and residences of landowners and On(Riksarkivet),film (GS)

Archives). Address: Arkiv- (Landskapsgatan 3, Stockholm. handlingar)

to 1537 film inductions: 15371869 1537 to Rotations of military and on names MILITARY (TheKammararkivet

Archives personnel, present present, residence Royal War(GS); Carri15. RECORDSeral Archives). Address: (Milit'draKrigsarkivet), Stock- (Kungliga

rolls: of of General personnel muster names handlingar) offices local holm; enrollmentBirger Stock13, Jarlstorg

of birth, all ranks, usually province age, holm 2. or discharge; varies information death printto various the Refer NOTE.

to UtrikesdepartemenhistoriesKungliga regimental and ed Lewlists: salary officers of and names of Officers works "Thetets arkiv Archives (The officers only; noncommissioned of Pensionand someenhaupt's XII:s (Karl XII"Karl King relatives; times of data monetary names Office). Foreign Address:the Ojjicerare)

Gustaf Adolfs torg, StockBiographical records: names of officers and

holm 16. civilianof birth,employeesmarriage, only;and death;dates andparentage;places

Riddarhusets arkiv (The Arappointments; information varies

chives of the House 15th Names OF C of Nobil16. HOUSE

to presentity) the: Riddarhuset,. Address Houseof thoseof Nobility;introducedpedigreesand acceptedlisting theirinto theSomeArchivesin printofandthe onHousefilm of(GS)NoNOBILITY

the (Riddarhuset) progenitors earliest to ancestor; knownStockholm 2. children; dates and names of spouse

Statistiska centralbyrans aroffices death; marriage, residences, and of birth,and holmbility [Riddarhusets arkiv), Stockkiv (The Archives of the shipscommissions received; occupations; relationCentral Bureau of Statistics)

Address rural are right retain their that to parishes given the been and city have many at books archives Linnegatan 87, NOTE—churchThere the parish to are obligation the law from and exempt byStockholm: O.

Kungliga Krigsarkivet (The mainlydeliver intheirKopparbergolder churchand booksOrebrotoCounties.the provincial archives. These parishes are located

War Archives). Address:

Banergatan 64, Stockholm 5.

24 Improvement Era Lest We Forget

The Word of Wisdom By Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Research Editor

"This winter [183233]/'wrote the Prophet Joseph then be taken. Often when the Prophet entered the

Smith, "was spent in translating the Scriptures; in room to give the school instructions he would find

the School of the Prophets; and sitting in conferences. himself in a cloud of tobacco smoke. This, and

I had many glorious seasons of refreshing. The gifts the complaints of his wife at having to clean so

which follow them that believe and obey the Gosfilthy a floor, made the Prophet think upon the pel, as tokens that the Lord is ever the same in His matter, and he inquired of the Lord relating to the dealings with the humble lovers and followers of conduct of the Elders in using tobacco, and the revetruth, began to be poured out among us, as in anlation known as the Word of Wisdom was the cient days...."(Documentary History of the Church, result of his inquiry."(Journal of Discourses, Vol. 12,

Then he records simply: The Word of Wisdom immediately became part

"February 27 [1833].—I received the following revof the teachings of the Church. The Prophet records

elation:... A Word of Wisdom, for the benefit of that in 1837 the presidency of the Church at Far

the... church...."(Ibid., page 327.) West, Missouri, called a general meeting in which it

Then he records the glorious counsel and promwas "resolved unanimously, that we will not fellowises found therein. ship any ordained member who will not, or does not,

Speaking to the Saints at Provo, Utah, some 35 observe the Word of Wisdom according to its literal years later, February 8, 1868, President Brigham Young reading."(DHC, Vol. 2, p. 482.) Christmas day 1837

recollected: "was the first public conference of the Church in

"When the school of the prophets was inaugurated England, and at this conference the Word of Wisone of the first revelations given by the Lord to His dom was first publicly taught in that country."

servant Joseph was the Word of Wisdom.... The (DHC, Vol. 2, p. 529.) At the first quarterly conference

prophet began to instruct [the elders] how to live at Far West, April 7, 1838, "President Joseph Smith, that they might be the better prepared to perform Jun., made a few remarks on the Word of Wisdom,

the great work they were called to accomplish. I giving the reason of its coming forth, saying it should

think I am as well acquainted with the circumbe observed."(DHC, Vol. 3, p. 15.)

stances which led to the giving of the Word of Wis- "It is a piece of good counsel which the Lord dedom as any man in the Church, although I was not sires His people to observe, that they may live on present at the time to witness them. The first school the earth until the measure of their creation is full,"

of the prophets was held in a small room situated said President Brigham Young in 1868. "This is the

over the Prophet Joseph's kitchen, in a house which object the Lord had in view in giving that Word of belonged to Bishop Whitney, and which was atWisdom. To those who observe it He will give great

tached to his store, which store probably might be wisdom and understanding, increasing their health, about fifteen feet square. In the rear of this building giving strength and endurance to the faculties of

was a kitchen, probably ten by fourteen feet, contheir bodies and minds until they shall be full of taining rooms and pantries. Over this kitchen was years upon the earth. This will be their blessing if

situated the room in which the Prophet received revthey will observe His word with a good and willing elations and in which he instructed his brethren. heart and in faithfulness before the Lord."(JD,

The brethren came to that place for hundreds of Vol. 12, p. 156.)

miles to attend school in a little room probably no The twentieth century is a marvelous age in which larger than eleven by fourteen. When they assemto live. It is an age in which science has confirmed

bled together in this room after breakfast, the first much of the Word of Wisdom. We now scientifically

they did was to light their pipes, and, while smoking, know what the nineteenth century Saints accepted talk about the great things of the kingdom, and spit on faith concerning the great truths of the Word of all over the room, and as soon as the pipe was out Wisdom. The promises of the Lord are the same in

of their mouths a large chew of tobacco would all ages to all peoples. O

February 1968 25 It was six a.m. when Olataga Tialavea, and the six MIA people

Masiasomua reached the mission climbed into the mission pickup home at Pesega, but it was scarcetruck. Some of the board memly daylight because of the heavy bers had borrowed raincoats from

clouds. Strong gusts of wind drove the elders. Others huddled under

the rain almost horizontally against lavalavas, trying to keep out the her as she ran up the steps. What wind and the sporadic bursts of

a day for a district conference! rain.

What a day to be president of the The road to Fagaloa winds along mission YWMIA! The trip to the coast for 15 miles or so, then

Fagaloa Bay was no picnic in good climbs the mountain and drops weather, and with a storm brewing precipitously down to the bay. Unshe would be lucky to have a handtil a few years ago the only way

ful of people show up for the conto reach Fagaloa was to take a boat ference. from Apia or to drive to the top of

When Ola entered the office of the mountain and walk down a

President Burton H. Price, some of trail. Now a narrow, rocky road

the MIA board members were alhas been built to the first two ready waiting. After prayer, Presivillages.

dent Price, his counselor Lauvale As the truck bumped along the

The Hurricane coastalwatched road,the muddy,Ola apprehensivelywhitecapped and Olataga goingsurf lashingto be atherealshore.storm.ThisBeforewas

the they reached top of the mounof Samoa plantations tain, they passed where

By Coy the banana trees were broken off

Harmon or knocked down.

Illustrated by They had just rounded the curve

Ed Maryon at the top, ready to start the descent, when the truck jerked to a stop. The road was blocked by

two large trees. On the other side

of the trees sat two buses whose disgruntled passengers were waiting to go to Apia. There seemed to

be no way to move the trees until

Ola remembered that in the MIA supplies was a rope they had brought for a tugof-war in the afternoon activity session. With

the rope, the lead bus was able to back down the hill and drag the trees off the road. Then the truck

backed up the hill to let the buses pass. The whole operation took almost two hours.

The truck had just reached Lona

Branch when the storm struck with increased fury. Before they could

jump from the truck and run into the fale, the conference visitors were drenched with rain. During

the afternoon the hurricane intensiImprovement Era

Bed until they were only able to that it was impossible to get out. place, they would be able to swim

hold one short meeting with the President Tialavea took the truck across. Ola was terrified at the

branch MIA officers who had back down to Ma'asina Branch and thought of jumping into the dark, gathered. left it. Then the group began to churning water, but the two men

As the wind rose, breadfruit climb the mountain. They were helped the students across and

trees were uprooted and banana tired, wet, cold, and hungry when came back for her. After much

trees flattened. When the woven they reached the top. They walked coaxing and reasoning, they perblinds were torn from the fale on toward home and had almost suaded her to swim across between

where the visitors were staying, the reached Falefa when they were them. She plunged in.

Saints took the heavy mats from the picked up by two elders in a As the cold, swirling water floor and nailed them between the truck. sucked her down, she began to

posts to keep out the rain. SomeWhen they reached Kanana swim for her life. The current was

how the Saints of the branch were Branch, Olataga was astonished to so strong that several times she able to provide food for the visitors be able to look up and see Sauniatu thought she could not possibly even after the cooking houses were at the top of the hill. The trees make it across. Then one of the

blown down. that had always obscured it before men would shout to her to swim

Sleep was impossible. The roar had been leveled. and she would struggle harder. At

of the wind and rain was punctuIt was beginning to get dark last she was able to touch bottom, ated by the cracking of branches when Olataga and Oli Manuo beand they helped her scramble up and the sound of ripping leaves. gan the fourmile climb to Sauniatu, the bank. She lay on the grass,

At intervals a tree would crash to where Olataga teaches at the shivering and panting for breath, the ground, and always in the Church school. Her sodden clothes grateful to be alive. The wind was

background was the ominous clung to her, and her arms and legs dying. The storm was almost over.

pounding of the surf. were scratched from climbing over Tomorrow she would have to start

During the night the Saints from fallen trees. As she stumbled over planning for the next conference,

Ma'asina Branch, who had come rocks and branches, it seemed she the sports tournaments, and the for the conference, had to run to would never reach the top. youth conferences, and she needed

the safety of another fale before Finally, they were on level a new girls'program secretary, but theirs was blown down. In the ground and could hear the river. tonight she was just too tired to

fale where Ola stayed, an elder who They were almost home. But at worry about it.... O

had been lying on the floor near the bank they met Nofo Ti'i and

President Price found that a heavy three students who were returning kava bowl had been hurled by the to school after the weekend at wind across the floor to within a home. The river had risen several Coy Harmon, who was in Samoa with

schoolteacher this husband feet when bridge over the and it was her inches of his head.few

incident place, took of the is a member it. to cross impossible daylight came, President When Pleasant (Provo, View Utah) Second

Price and President Tialavea deNofo and Oli decided that if they Ward.

cided that it would be impossible went upstream to a notso-rocky to hold conference and that they ''Olataga Masiasomua would try to get back to Pesega when the wind calmed down a little. By noon the storm was beginning to subside, although the

wind still came in sudden hard gusts, and it was still raining. They

considered leaving the truck there and walking out, but President Tialavea said he thought he could drive it out if some of the Saints would walk ahead to help clear the road. Six men volunteered.

They had worked their way about halfway to the top when they were met by two men who said

February 1968

al)Where does Turning Financial Folly Into Family Fun (Part 2)

"Finance is the number one cause store, one can purchase a "family budget ( planned expenditures ) of family arguments"is the conexpense record"book for as little Let the family counsel together and clusion of some of those who make as 39 cents, but under any circumdetermine where they would like a study of family problems. Open stances, there is no need to pay to tighten up so as to provide more

disagreements over money matters more than a dollar. Get a book money for a category that yields

are not the only bad fruits. Tenwith columns that are labeled, more satisfaction.

sions caused from worry about i.e., housing, food, church, etc., and One family drives secondhand

overdue bills, fretting over where then all you do is fill in the blanks. cars and drinks powdered milk bethe next house payment will come Also, make sure that one open page cause putting more into a home

from, anger toward a husband or will cover one month. brings greater satisfaction. Another

wife for a "foolish,"unplanned After the family has recorded finds great joy in new cars but purchase, and disappointment in two or three months'outgo, average spends a minimum on clothes and having to see children do without up the amount in each category other items.

may result in sharp words and and use this as the basis for your Don't try to make a budget like flaming tempers. Peace cannot

abide in a home where anxiety over financial matters represses expressions of love and crowds out laughter.

With our understanding of the Suggested Allocation of TakeHome Pay 1 sacred and eternal nature of the family, it behooves every good

Latterday Saint to take steps to $5,000 to $7,000 $10,000 to $12,000

If in the discord home.reduce

1. Tithing 2 12% 12%

source is a primehandling money 2. Savings 5 7

of disharmony, efforts made to 3. Food 21 15

eliminate the difficulty will result in a strengthening of the bonds of 4. Rent or mortgage payments and

household operations ( utilities 28 29love and peace in each home.

A first step in turning financial 5. Home furnishings and household

equipment 3 4folly into family fun is to find out:

Where does it all go? 6. Clothing, including laundry

The best way to do this is to keep and cleaning 7 8 a book in which the family can 7. Insurance 3 4

record what money is spent. The 8. Medical and dental care 5 3

total figures for each month will 9. Transportation and automobile 7 7

entertainallowances, 10. Personal to the money. what happenedshow

miscellaneous 7 8 3 and ment, H.O.K. that people to noteIt is interesting

with larger incomes and higher 11. Gifts and subscriptions 2 3

100% 100%standards of living use budgets more frequently than those who live 1TakehomeSecurity. It payshouldshouldincludebe grossany incomedeductionsless fordeductionssuch itemsfor astaxesinsuranceand Socialand

union. credit circumstances.in modest more

of takehome 12% to approximately amounts normally gross income 10% of almost any From dependents. of to the number according will vary, however, This variety store, 2 pay. amount

stationery store, or department 3"HeavenOnly-Knows."

28 Improvement Era By Quinn G. McKay, Ph.D.

Dean, School of Business and Economics, Weber State College

that of the neighbors. Let your there are helpful devices for mantwo to members of the family. Durplanned expenditures be an expresaging money. ing the month father or mother

sion of the desires and goals of 3. To help them see that what should make note of expensesaving

your family. Remember: the budthey do each day can affect the behavior and mention it in family

get is the expression of the entire amount of money that is available council.

family. Also, if you add to one for other things. Third, save until last the special

category, you must subtract from When family members are cogsavings account. That is going to

another. nizant of waste and of belongings provide for a piano, color teleFor those who would like some that are ill cared for, then the vision set, vacation, bicycle, misguidelines from which a family budget is controlled every day of sion, or college. Let each person

can start planning, here is a starter. the month, not just once a month see how much closer the acquisiThe chart on page 28 is based on an at family council night. Thus, a tion is. Spend a few minutes

average family of five or six. It family budget council is designed planning for the purchase by lookshould be adjusted to meet special to help members of the household ing at catalogues or discussing

needs of your family and according to be conscious of where the money the individual preferences of famto the number of dependents and is going each day. ily members regarding it. If it is

amount of deductions. Percentages Each month sit down at a table a vacation fund, spend the winter

are based on takehome pay, so the with the family finance book months in anticipation. Dreaming,

family can plan how to allocate opened to the previous month's talking, and finding information actual amounts of money available. record. First, select for detailed about potential vacation spots can

Therefore, the percentage for tithreview the accounts most out of bring added months of joy for a ing may vary, according to differline. ( Going into everything in de10-day trip.

ences between gross pay and tail would be boring.) Talk about Cautions:

takehome pay. why these accounts are out of line, 1. Review only what has been

Just one further note about and relate the why to everyday exset aside as the family budget.

budgeting: To spend a whole periences. If the electricity bill is Mother and father may want to

evening fretting because you can't high, discuss how family members keep business finances, investments, find what happened to 23 cents is can be "light switch conscious."If and other matters private, espepoor budgeting. Put in an "H.O.K."extra shoes had to be purchased, cially if the family is young and

( "HeavenOnly-Knows") account, discuss the care of shoes and what cannot keep confidences.

because each month money may water does to leather. If an ap- 2. Don't make this a long sesseem to disappear just as though pliance had to be repaired or sion; particularly, don't dwell too

the mice ate it. Allow for this, and replaced, explain the value of long on negative aspects and

don't fight over it as long as it is maintenance, use, and proper storpreachments. Every needed lesson

not out of line. age of equipment. This can also cannot be taught in one night.

After a budget has been debe done with care of clothes, furniThere will be another night next cided upon, a once-a-month family ture, expensive foods, and entermonth.

finance council should be held. The tainment. Relating items to specific 3. Don't use the family finance

purpose is twofold: dollar amounts helps to build a council as a punishment or to

1. To help the family members consciousness of values and costs. expose or embarrass a spender in

psychologically to see that there are Second, call attention to acthe family. This meeting is for

limits to how much money is availcounts in which expenses were less education, not retribution.

able. than budgeted. Here may be a 4. Do everything possible in

2. To train them to learn that chance to hand out a bouquet or steps two and three to make it an

February 1968 29 1. A condensed, profusely illustrated

book, in full color, of Jesus'teachings contrasted with what Christian Church leaders teach today.

You have often wanted to show how Mormons differ—this book

makes the comparison graphically and convincingly!

Deluxe Edition

tW'xU"

SOMETHING REALLY NEW! With full color pictures and few it plain which church really follows His teachings.

,.words, this book tells the L.D.S. story as it has never been,.,..,,, n. u as a 'you can now s,. told hpfnre

trine follows Jesus'teachings, as compared with what other

THIS IS NOT JUST ANOTHER RELIGIOUS BOOK. Christians teach. Beautifully illustrated, plainly told, convincingly

Jesus showed us "The Way to Happiness"and this book makes laid out. You'll want several copies to give to your friends.

You'll also enjoy these books bookcraft

Rulon S. Howells use south Mamby Salt Lake City, Utah

L HIS MANY MANSIONS $2.95 Please send the following circled book(s) for which i enclose check

A factfilled doctrinal comparison of the or money order in the amount of $ many churches in Christendom, w/chart. l 2 3

Name 3. THE MORMON STORY $2.95 Address

Great missionary tool with maps, charts, City, state, Zip and pictures. (Residents of Utah add 3V?% sales tax)

30 Improvement Era "Those who save what is left over usually have no savings,

emotionally rewarding experience, cheaper, but you also often confit family needs three months from

Do not conduct it in such a way sume more when you think there now. Don't give away your flexithat the family comes to dread is plenty. Use selfrestraint. bility and monthly control over

finance council night. The family Try things that are less expenexpenditures. Preserve flexibility

can learn that money properly sive, like powdered milk. People's and be free so the family can

handled can bring lots of family tastes adjust. Even mixing threechange its mind next month,

fun and satisfaction. fourths powdered and onefourth 7. Don't be afraid to buy good

Controlling the budget is a matwhole milk makes the milk cost used items: furniture, appliances,

ter of attitude—as much psychology about 15 cents a quart, which is a cars. Careful shopping here can

as finance. It is a matter of perbig savings over 28 cents a quart result in significant savings,

sonal selfrestraint. for whole milk. Children usually 8. Teach the family to take care

Spending Tips consume as much inexpensive peaof things. Lessons on care of cloth-

1. Tithing (the Lord's portion) nut butter as they do the expensive ing can be an excellent expenditure

should always be set aside or paid brands. of time and may result in many

the very first. 4. Pay cash. At each purchase, dollars saved. Care of furniture

2. Savings should be put away seeing actual dollars disappear or may require making the living room

next. Payroll deductions for credit the bank account balance diminish off limits for food or jumping,

union or automatic bank savings is a good regular reminder and has 9. Make special savings accounts,

are good. Those who never save a good psychological restraining Save for a color television set or

must invariably borrow. People effect. other special purchase. At the

who save what is left over prac- 5. Don't buy on first visit of monthly family budget review, save

tically never have a savings doorto-door salesmen or at the this account until last. Then let the

account. first store when looking at a major family see together how much

3. In buying food, use a shoppurchase. Educate yourself. Comnearer they are to that new TV.

ping list and then stick with it. pare prices and features until you This can be the positive side.

This forces planning and also helps satisfy yourself. Learn what to Budgeting need not be all "no"

one to resist impulse buying, look for or what is important in a and tears. Budget for things, not

Merchants devise every means poswashing machine, or piano, or furjust against spending.

sible to get shoppers to give in to niture. Take time to analyze and 10. Don't overextend on house

impulses and buy more than they raise questions while not under the buying. Do not buy a house that

really need. smooth talk or charisma of a talcosts more than two and a half

Shop not more than once a week, ented salesman. His product is times your annual income. Monthly

Try every other week. It can be probably what he says it is, but housing costs (principal, interest,

done. Again, it will force better only you can decide if it is the best insurance, and property taxes)

planning, and you can save money, expenditure of limited funds for should not exceed onefourth of

Shop the sales. Buy in case lots your family. your monthly takehome pay.

only at sale time. By using and 6. Be reluctant to obligate your11. Watch automobile expenses

restocking your year's supply, you selves to longrun purchase schemes closely. It costs more to drive a

can go from one sale to another on and other programs without thorcar than you think, many items. Planning clothing ough investigation. They may or With wise planning and selfpurchases can also help you take may not provide all the savings restraint, financial folly can be

advantage of sales, thus helping pictures. More important, longrun turned into family fun and conmake the money go further. Beware schemes lock you into something tribute to harmony in the home

of jumbo sizes. They are often that looks good today but may not rather than disharmony. O

February 1968 31 Advertisement

People over 65 get the cash they need to help fill the gaps in Medicare.

Life's more fun when you feel secure against medical bills. It's twice the fun knowing you 11

get money back for staying healthy. Sick or

well you must collect.

Experts find You need not be over 65 to gain from Medicare

There are two important things tection will give you a big cash refund Even if you do use up part of the people of all ages should realize about if you stayed well and didn't need the benefits, you can still get a refund. If

the government's new "Medicare"plan's benefits. Simply keep it in you collect less than what you've paid

program of health protection for peoforce until then, and you get paid a in annualized premiums, you get a ple over 65. substantial cash "nestegg"'to enjoy refund of the difference. Sick or well,

Most men and women over 65 alduring your retirement years—to save you must collect.

ready know that Medicare will not or spend as you wish. This extra cash This revolutionary new kind of propay all their hospital, medical and can add important security to your tection is offered by Bankers Life and

surgical bills. They realize they need retirement. Or you can use it for Casualty Co. of Chicago as part of

added protection to supplement Meditravel, a car, or for other things to the famous White Cross Plan protectcare and avoid an expensive loss. help you enjoy retirement more. ing over 6,000,000 Americans. And

More about that later. Like ordinary health insurance, the White Cross Plan also includes

But few people under 65 realize this new plan pays you taxfree cash new low cost protections specially dethat they, too, can gain from Medibenefits if you do get sick or hurt. It signed to help people over 65 fill the

care. A littleknown part of the new pays you regardless of other hospital, gaps in Medicare.

Medicare bill (21 3a IRC) gives people medical or surgical insurance you The story of Medicare's new tax a much bigger tax deduction on their may have. And with today's highersavings, plus the remarkable "Moneyhealth insurance premiums, starting thanever medical expenses, 9 out of Back"plan and special "Over65"

this year. So your health insurance 10 families urgently need added proplans to supplement Medicare, is told

can end up costing you less. tection. in the Gold Book, an interesting and

And now you can also get a revoinformative booklet offered free by lutionary new kind of health insurBut unlike ordinary plans, this low Bankers.

cost longer plan you no have means protection returns that plan ance Era Improvement of Readers The sick to collect. Instead or hurt to be longer you money to you when no free can get a copy of the GOLD

need the protection because of of paying premiums which return BOOK simply by filling out and

Medicare. no money if you have no claims, you mailing the postagefree airmail reget a big cash refund at maturity. In ply card bound in next to this page.

When Medicare starts for you, this effect, you've built up an extra savThere is no cost or obligation for remarkable new low cost plan of proings account. this service.

32 Improvement Era You've been called of church, society, choose to disobey. It

a responsible school, or friend. And has been given unto

generation. Born in it is to choose to do you to choose. Bu

the fullness of times, something about it. with this great gift

blessed with the Elder Thomas S. Monson comes a great

proverbial bounties of the Council of the responsibility, for with challenged by causes Twelve spoke to a choice comes the and conditions thousands of youth responsibility of your great enough to excite gathered in the choice."

rour attention, you Tabernacle a short time To you of the hiave the role of the ago and said: "Young esponsible

chosen ones. You are people, you may choose eneration

the royalty of the your friends, you may this issue be a generations of a'may choose your help in your time. And when much vocation, you may preparations

is given, much is choose to honor and and in your choices.

expected. This is not obey God, or you may The Editors

a new idea but one that you'll come to witness as truth as you move along your path as student leader, athlete, artist, ebater, home teacher, or friend of the crowd.

To be part of a responsible generation is to be "answering."Marion D. Hanks, Editor Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

It is to hear the sound, the cry, the message

February 1968 33

Lincoln, a sible Citizen He KeptOn Growing By Marion D. Hanks

Illustrated by Dale Kilbourn A truly great man was born on the remember the last lines of a great poem twelfth day of February, long ago. He lived about Lincoln

his boyhood days in a frontier cabin, and "Lincoln was a tall pine.

was denied substantially every blessing that Lincoln kept on growing."

most boys—even very poor boys—enjoy toThat he had intimations that there were

day. The preparations he made and the things he was to do seems evident. Long

contributions that were his and the opporbefore he matched his steel with the dreadtunities that came to him were all the result ful problem of slavery, he said, "When I hit

I'll hit it hard."And he just keptof an iron determination—and the will of that thing,

God. on growing.

I am one who is prepared to believe that Lincoln's heart was with right and with

Abraham Lincoln was chosen by God and the people. An old man who had listened to

made ready by him in his own wise way for Abe at Gettysburg corrected the usual a great task that had to be done. I don't elocutionary presentation of his magnifisuggest that Abraham Lincoln knew it durcent address there in one important particuing those days of deprivation, but certainly lar: "Abe didn't say lof the people, by the

there wasn't any mortal wise enough to people, for the people,'like they quote it,"suppose that much good could come of a boy he said. "Abe said, 'of the people, by the

condemned to such a birth under such cirpeople, for the people'"cumstances, let alone to suppose that God The right? It was Lincoln who said

was shaping a man to meet a challenge. "I am not bound to win, but I am bound

The early days of his manhood and matuto be true; I am not bound to succeed, but I

rity didn't look much like it, either. He was am bound to live by the light I have."

defeated again and again in his efforts to Think seriously about this man and what win political office and in other important he was and did. We, too, are serving the

objectives he established for himself. But right, and our chief concern is people—God's

he did not quit. He was getting ready. choice children. Keep serving and loving

Know it or not, he was getting ready. I and growing. o

34 Era of Youth What Is a GirlBy Elaine CannonGood For? Woman's role? What is it? the young

woman of today asks.

One hears a lot of talk about what today's girl is good for. One sees the word in print.

But opinions vary greatly.

Girls are counseled to marry and have families—to fulfill the measure of their

I creation. But if they do, they are charged

with adding to the problem of the population explosion. They are taught the same

subjects as boys in school and trained to compete with them in the world of commerce. On the other hand, they are

reminded that their place is in the home.

What is the truth? The dichotomy can be

One thing of which an LDS girl is certain is that her role in the Church and in life will always be different from that of a boy. She

has not been given the priesthood. God's

power is not used through her exactly as it is in men. But a girl does have a power. Hers

is the power to bear children, yes, but also to love, and with heart and hand to comfort, teach, and train, to heal and care for both old and young, man, woman, and child alike, wherever her service may take her.

Growing up with an attitude toward service, maturing in the sweet spirit of waiting upon others, giving of one's self as only a woman can, will mark a girl's life happily. Her theme song might be:

"Have I done any good in the world today?

Have I helped anyone in need?

Have I cheered up the sad, And made someone feel glad?

If not, I have failed indeed.

"Has anyone's burden been lighter today,

Because I was willing to share?

February 1968

Have the sick and the weary Been helped on their way?

When they needed my help was I there?"

Among the many wonderful ways a young girl can grow into her role of woman is to do volunteer work as a candy striper in a hospital. Two such teens are Latterday

Saints Marti Sonntag and Kathy Thorpe, caught in action by photographer Eldon

Linschoten.

February 1968 Responsiveness to A\in By Paulette:'f

Flandro VO

/ remember mud squishing between my toes, and the incredible softness of newborn puppies.

I heard brook music when we went fishing, and ran to the melody of mother's call. I tasted honey

on my fingers, and smelled apple blossoms in our tree. I cried when I was afraid or hurt, and I

<> laughed when I was happy to be alive. Telling

stories at the bedside of my brothers made me feel grown up. But in my heart I knew I wasn't.

Somewhere as a child I learned to love. Love

is the key to being properly responsive to life, to our fellowmen. Love begins when I ask my grownup friend, "How are you?"and he answers me

honestly. When he is happy, we run and laugh

together. When he is depressed, I listen as he

pours out his heart. I share his tears, as he would

mine. I go to my friend, for there is love.

Love is giving what I need to get. Love is responsiveness to man.

Love begins when I realize that we are all children of God and respond to this sublime idea.

I step into my parents'shoes and weaken when I see the challenges of rearing a family and creating a home where love is king. Then I understand

how heartbreaking life would be without love, or love without eternal life. I must be a responsive

child and listen to their wise counsel, for they are wise in the ways of love, and they are responsive to the counsel of Heavenly Father.

Erich Fromm said, "Duty is an obligation, but responsibility is a response to something."I like

to think responsibility is a response to love.

If I am to be a responsible member of this all / looked around me at my world—my world generation, I must, then, be responsive to

of unrelated textbooks and lectures, my world of mankind. To truly do this, I must educate both

philosophical discussions, my world of prayer my mind and heart, for what is knowledge withwith the council of the Latterday Saint Student out love? It is an empty barrel of facts without

Association, my world of refusing European meaning. Without love, Toynbee said, "Man is a

moral standards while studying abroad, my world god of technology but an ape at life."

of the promise of eternal progression, my world We are aiming to become good at life. Christ's

of blindly insensitive people, and especially my Church is based on love. "We believe in being

world of dear and treasured, highprincipled honest, true, chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and in friends. doing good to all men."The Church of Jesus

With all of these diverse influences, what sense Christ of Latterday Saints was established to have I made of the world? What is my relationhelp us prepare ourselves to truly love our brothship to the scheme of things? What is my ers, to love God, and to serve him. Only thus can

responsibility? we earn our way back into his eternal presence.

38 Era of Youth

continues on page 42 Responsiveness to God By steve iba

That grand old prophet Elijah was blessed with Must that responsiveness toward God fade into power from heaven to curse the earth with famine the light of common day? The light from Father

and to call fire down to consume the offering fades because we hide in caves. We build up walls

before the prophets of Baal. Then Elijah left around ourselves. Can we be responsive to God if

the land and lay down under a juniper tree and we're false, artificial, ungenuine with men? "Man

..."That's our real selves. Onlyslept. An angel of the Lord came to him and is spirit.

said: "Arise and eat; because the journey is too through a spiritto-spirit communication and regreat for thee."lationship can we be known and come to know

During the journey Elijah hid himself in a cave. one another. Too many times we allow only the

The voice of the Lord said unto him: "What doest scabbard to be seen, and never unsheath the knife.

thou here, Elijah?... Go forth, and stand upon

the mount before the Lord. And, behold, the "What doest thou here?"Can you hear that

Lord passed by, and a great and strong wind rent voice when you're sleeping under your juniper tree the mountains, and brake in pieces the rocks or hiding in your cave? "Go forth and stand upon

before the Lord; but the Lord was not in the the mount."Hear the voice of the Lord speak

wind: and after the wind an earthquake; but to you, spirit to spirit, Father to son. Remember,

the Lord was not in the earthquake: And after the he's not in the wind, earthquake, or fire, but in the

earthquake a fire; but the Lord was not in still small voice within you.

the fire; and after the fire a still small voice,"

(1 Kings 19:7, 9-12.) "Sometimes during solitude I hear truth spoken

And so it was with Elijah. He was a man like with clarity and freshness; uncolored and ununto ourselves. At times we all slumber under translated it speaks from within myself in a lanour juniper trees. "We walk in darkness at guage original but inarticulate, heard only with

noonday,"and are very insensitive toward life, the soul, and I realize I brought it with me, was toward all that moves and lives around us. never taught it, nor can I efficiently teach it to

But what do we hear from the Lord? "Awake another."(President Hugh B. Brown.)

and arouse your faculties."Have you observed It's a personal response to know what the Father

how a child is awake and responsive to his father wants us to do. As we respond, he responds, and

and mother? We are the offspring of God, our then we become responsible to what we hear and

Father, and "cometh from afar."feel. The words of Johann Schiller, which

Beethoven put to music in his Ninth Symphony, "Heaven lies about us in our infancy! are meaningful:

Shades of the prisonhouse begin to close

Upon the growing Boy, "Millions, myriads, rise and gather!

But he beholds the light, and whence it flows, Share this universal kiss!

He sees it in his joy; Brothers, in a heaven of bliss

The Youth, who daily farther from the east Smiles the world's all loving Father.

Must travel, still is Nature's Priest, Do the millions, his creation, know him

And by the vision splendid And His works of love?

! In the heights above, Is on his way attended Seek Him

At length the Man perceives it die away, In His starry habitation."

And fade into the light of common day."

(William Wordsworth, Do we seek him and know him, the world's all- "Intimations of Immortality.") loving Father? I wonder. O

February 1968 39

%3 OT! v. c 1 1 1 si jhlilittlilil

*. r jit 1,,* w

!.'*5 % *"

iV -—Hi*'1'Ft'V *

/. Facsimile No. 1

Because of the unprecedented books, interSuch written which were to generated throughout assist in the safe New Light on est the Church of passage the dead

that were once the property buried of the with commonly Egyptian mumJoseph Smith's by the recovery of 1 1 pieces of papyrus persons into the spirit world, were Prophet Joseph Smith, mies. writings The ImproveThe the recently on

ment Era is reproducing here in color recovered fragments show that all of all of the known papyri now in the these Book of the Dead papyri belonged Egyptian possession of the Church. There are to the lady Taimin Mutninesikhonsu.

12 pieces in all; 11 of these are included Thus, we probably now know the name

Rapyrl andin theonerecenthas beenfind in(seethe JanuaryChurch Era)HisJosephof the Smith'sfemale possessionmummy andthatonwaswhosein torian's Office over the years. The 12 person it was reported the papyrus was

pieces of papyrus have now been numoriginally found.

bered and labeled by Dr. Hugh Nibley, Fragments 10 and 11 are unclassiwho has been assigned by the Church fied, unillustrated hieratic texts. (HierAdditional tobeingdirectdonethe oninvestigationthe material.and (Seeresearchthe ofatichieroglyphics.)text is a cursive, shorthand version

second in his series of articles, "A New Fragment 4 is called the "Framed

Look at the Pearl of Great Price,"Trinity Papyrus"because this particuFragment page 14.) lar fragment had an old frame on it

Disclosed papyrusFragmentmanuscript1 is thefromsectionwhichof thethe whentan Museumit was offoundArt inin Newthe MetropoliYork. It is

Prophet Joseph Smith obtained Facthought that the fragment may have simile No. 1, which is reproduced in been framed and displayed during the

the Book of Abraham. Prophet Joseph Smith's time. It is

Fragments 2, 3A and 3B are unlabeled "Trinity"because such figures classified, illustrated fragments. as those shown in the upper leftFragments 4-9—these include the hand illustration are interpreted by

onefice—arefrom fromthe Churchthe BookHistorian'sof the Dead.OfTrinity.Egyptologists as representingD.L.G.the

tm9 mm t a.

Background of the Church Historian's Fragment

By Jay M. Todd bet and Grammar, perhaps this entry ten minutes after eight, rode till

Editorial Associate helps to date and place the papyrus twentytwo minutes after ten, when fragment in its long journey from they stopped at the west branch of

Nauvoo to Utah. the Nodaway, with Ezra Chase; they

As to the background of the Church (2) However, the most interesting resumed their journev at half past

Historian's fragment, this is most and most puzzling—entry is found eleven and arrived at Pottawatomie

puzzling. Two members of the hisunder date of Saturday, July 11, 1846. Indian village forty five minutes after

torian's office, A. William Lund and (As early as 1938, Dr. Sidney B. Sperry one p.m.

Earl E. Olson, assistant Church hisof Brigham Young University, the "A Pottawatomie captain presented

torians, do not recall any information "father"of much of our modern Pearl two sheets of the Book of Abraham;

surrounding the fragment—only that of Great Price research, mentioned in also a letter from their 'Father'Joseph

it 1843, dated this Smith, throughout intriguing entry in their part Ancient been there has and a map"of their service. Brother has been assistant Phelps Lund Stone, land by in Papyrus Records Testify and W. W.

Church historian since 1911, and has an MIA course of study.) "At seven The location of these meetings was

worked since September 1908 in the a.m. President Brigham Young and the in western Iowa, where the Saints were

historian's office. They believe that brethren with him went into council in establishing themselves at Council

the fragment has been a part of the Powsheeks'tent, which was on the east Bluffs, Mount Pisgah, and other camps manuscript of the Egyptian Alphabet side of the creek. in preparation for the winter of 1846,

and Grammar prepared by Joseph "Powsheek asked, where they would previous to the general exodus to the

Smith preparatory to the translation of winter and where they would cross the Rocky Mountains a year later. The

the Book of Abraham and that it apMissouri. It was reported that someWest Nodaway River generally ranges

parently has always been in the body had stolen from the 'Mormons.'4555 miles east and southeast of

Church's hands. A perusal of the files Powsheek said if he found anything, presentday Omaha, Nebraska. From

of the Church Historian's Office dishe would return it.... Church history, it appears that Brigcloses these two items: "Powsheek spoke of Joseph Smith, ham Young was moving westward to-

(1) Wednesday, October 17, 1855. the prophet, who had been murdered ward Council Bluffs at the time.

"... The following books and papers and with whom he had been acThis startling entry presents many

were taken from this office today and quainted; said, the prophet was a great questions: 1) Were two different

deposited in the fire proof vault of the and good man. presentations being made of the Book

new Historian's Office, namely on the "As the Presidency passed out of the of Abraham material, or is the second 2nd shelf from the bottom: History tent, Banquejappa, a Pottawatomie reference supposed to be an amplificaBooks, A., B.l, B.2.. Egyptian Alpha- [sic] Chief, called us aside, and pretion of the first reference?

bet;... three plates of the Book of sented a paper counseling the Indians 2) Are there two presentations, one

Abraham; red box with papers, blanks, not to sell their lands, given them by involving actual papyrus fragments,

journal, sterotype [sic] plates."Thus, Jon. Dunham, and two sheets of the other involving a presentation of

if the Church Historian's fragment has hieroglyphics, from the Book of Abraprinted sheets from the Book of Abraalways been with the Egyptian Alphaham. President B. Young started at ham printed in the Times and Seasons,

//. Plowing scene

If

I v

s** **** +* A inn // -.

MM**W affJ -* "M*'.%.#'Mir. - "jf "

it j. < 4<*ft: I.******

'/; /;; U \\\ A K

i f 1 1 & / v UJM tW j i

"""ir 'jjjjiwii ii,iMff| iin iiui,nwi. J

February 1968 40-A

.2J 3 i | P 6 7 1U ll!

*-MA. Court of

Osiris (on throne)

which the second Indian captain had acquired somehow and presented as a gesIt ture of friendship to

Brigham Young?

h 3) Do both presenit tations involve newspaper clippings?

4) Since Baque- { withjappa wasthe acquaintedProphet, did the Prophet, in a gesture of affection \l to the Indian chief, give him some pieces of papyrus that from his study the Prophet knew were not important to the Book of Abraham? (As

noted above, Dr.

Hugh Nibley asserts that the Church Historian's fragment is from the Book of the Dead.) 5) If these were actual papyri fragments being returned, were they part of that which was "reported that somebody had stolen from the 'Mormons'"?

6) Did some Indians, while visiting with Joseph Smith, steal some papers and papyrus from him, his office, or Church buildings?

Why did the Baquejappa"aside"—acall feelingthe menof

guilt?

Since the Indians had a letter from the Prophet, and apparently were acquainted with him, the i settingis certainlyis suchpossiblethat it that the Indians could have acquired through some means some actual papyrus ragments. 7) But perhaps the biggest unanswered question is: If the

presentation actually did involve two papyrus fragments, is the newly named Church Historian's ragment one of those fragments?

And if so, where is

/// B. Court of Osiris

(Thoth recording) i - Y

40-B Improvement Era j 4

V I: %\\mU

'! 1! v

r i li I it rjt I f. 1 1

j P4 j fiti i II Afl

f i IE II p

f

February 1968 40-C i W ff #.<.-*': fe,i jKwp<

ill, *%""riv'l "rffy irfi * I? V

% jH'* f

ik, JL, 'iiifi.

I

I t as 1 iff'..*4'-'-4ft aMMLMHaW';W *

jit ynt

- &g * #—MWlH.jL.I. IH IIIimTjfrlH l l l'

"'!W* "* *

t r ir 'jftJJJSiiL 5!- FJ:-: (h n if1* 8* |j> ) tr,

i L, //ml/'///I // v// a yip, '* I, fzyx&l*- ypffjy/9% r -4

M*\ * <*MV

-f T*:*=>iiMif i&S

5 m;lia45Spp1f.l4),jlll

!Zir,s-. - '-0 i"j i

|2JJJjjj* f "Hill.,.—-,

'** \ s"4** * W''* HHESi''

40-D Improvement Era >4 i

IV. Framed ("Trinity") papyrus

the other fragment? Numerous

questions come to mind.

But the story is not yet fin- 7* - m '"""ity ished. To add strength to the

that the possibility T. Pota- }$&%&?&&."SCT9 actually Indianswatami

could have obtained some **"'Sr *"*\ C "VIS manuscripts, perhaps even as y the Prophet a gift from Joseph 23 -""'*? **& "vifcw"!dl -..<**mm m*ffit*** Tj entries following theSmith,

Histhe Documentaryfrom preJjr- %% tftlf 7: the Church are tory of

sented: 1) Under date of jfjMdftf

Saturday, June 24, 1843: "Several of the Pottawatomie [sic]

Indians called to see the Nauvoo House and Temple.

to talk, hut wantedThey tititII their f i speak not interpreter couldmuch."According to Dr. T. pi* MUM1 \ \ajffEtt *&#***}*&******Edgar Lyon, wellknown film

Church historian associated with Nauvoo Restoration, Inc., Nauvoo was a prominent

spot for Indians and was called by them Quashquema.

Indian burial grounds - *. f

abounded in the area. The

Potawatami Indians were there, being ever pressed westward by settlers since A- }Sf Iff their expulsion from the area in Michigan Lakearound I * American famous 1833. A

Indian war, the Black Hawk this in also waged wasWar,:..A ***, ''"'iy* event, vicinity. any when At

these Indians arrived, the Prophet Joseph was not in town. He had been forcefully

taken the day before by two sheriffs from Missouri, who transported him under false arrest to Dixon, Lee County, f sJ*?*

Illinois, some 140 miles northeast of Nauvoo. He was released several days later under

a writ of habeas corpus.

2) Under date of Sunday, July 2, 1843: "I had an interview with several Pottawattamie [sic] chiefs, who came

to see me during my absence."Following this statehad Prophet the ment,

with Pot- "Interview included ""CT'I * if.*. * * <S "i ii

Chiefs. (From tawattamie M$ JL JcfJC&isjPfl'Sffi:JMfe Jour-.$jfcm&- Wilford Woodruff's X

nal.),"which contains the

following: "The Indian chiefs

remained at Nauvoo until the Prophet returned and had his trial. During their stay they Jtit

had a talk with Hyrum Smith in the basement of the Nauvoo House.... They were not

free to talk, and did not wish feelings their to communicate. #t. *,, \", "-m Aa*, i ii i ii<iww-—*K"". - "*—,,i. -|;, ",,,** '* great *rM.'Ji; see the until they could

Prophet. At length, on the 2nd

V. The serpent with legs—

February 1968 40-E 4 *V> * VI. The swallow

V77. Man with sta/f

(entering into glory)

day of July, 1843, President Joseph Smith and several of the Twelve met those chiefs in the courtroom, with about >1 folof the elders. U twenty The

lowing is a synopsis of the conversation which took place the interpreter: given by * 4

arose orator Indian and *\%*T: Theas

if the asked Prophet -f fj the men fT\ who were present were all his t*u* *: friends. Answer—yes. "He then said—'We as a

people have long been distressed and oppressed. We

have been driven from our lands many times.... We

have talked with the Great Spirit, and the Great Spirit has talked with us. We have

asked the Great Spirit to save us and let us live; and the

Great Spirit has told us that he had raised up a great Prophet, chief and friend, who would do us great good and tell us what to do; and the

Great Spirit has told us that you are the man (pointing to the Prophet Joseph). We have

now come a great way to see you, and hear your words, and to have you to tell us what to do. Our horses have

become poor traveling, and we are hungry. We will now

wait and hear your word.'

The Spirit of God rested upon the Lamanites, especially the orator. Joseph was much

affected and shed tears. He

arose and said unto them: 'I

have heard your words. They are true. The

Great Spirit has told you the truth. I am

your friend and brother, and I wish to do you good....

The Great Spirit has given me a book, and told me that you will soon be blessed again. The Great Spirit will soon begin to

talk with you and your children. This is the

|. tit a * * %"!! bookit | showingwhich yourthemfathersthe Bookmade. ofI wroteMormonupon|.

This tells you what you will have to do. i

now want you to begin to pray to the Great

Spirit. I want you to make peace with one

another, and do not kill any more Indians;

it is not good. Do not kill white men; it is

not good; but ask the Great Spirit for what

you want, and it will not be long before the

Great Spirit will bless you, and you will cultivate the earth and build good houses you something will give you.'with Tittt?,;Mf*< tolikeeatwhiteand men.to takeWehome

<*-—A "When the prophet's words were interpreted to the chiefs, they all said it was

good....

"At the close of the interview, Joseph had an ox killed for them, and—

they were furnished with VIII.

some more horses...."(ItalInverted

ics added.) triangle

40-F Improvement Era.

In addition to this brief information, which certainly portrays a picture of emotion and deep respect between the Potawatami Indians and the Prophet Joseph Smith, the date of the event is most imIt is portant. 1843, July more

after than a year the of Book // //Ht.'. t %:,-

Abraham had first been printed in Times and Seasons in 1842. By now the Prophet

knew which pieces of papyrus in important, were of terms ft"i. j v scripture, religious and which suS

not. were During the Indians'stay, and in a gesture of lasting friendship, the Prophet may have given them either pages from Times and Seasons, which featured Book of Abraham facsimiles, or perhaps some actual papyrus fragments, or both. Thus, in addition to food and horses, the

Prophet may have wished to give the Indians a personal token, something of value or of antiquity to demonstrate! I his affection and bond with

them. At any event, it seems

apparent that whatever it was that the Indians gave to Brigham Young in 1846 was that which they had obtained 2 / *fdf < during their 1843 Nauvoo visit with the Prophet Joseph Smith. It is certainly a most

intriguing puzzle.—

to. m AlVM* 1 mnffrh** tm*** fc

4 fA* ifVS

* *#* J**. Jt A /At* i

February 1968 40-G With our readers, the staff anticipation to additional deof The Improvement Era will velopments in this fascinating be looking forward with eager story, and to the unfolding of the meaning of the hieroIX. Church Historian's fragment glyphics and illustrations on

these valuable manuscripts as \ they are given by Dr. Nibley

z&i&Jihfa in his articles. O

>c Ki—

VjL,(*%*

J\

>C

Q—

40-H m proveme nt Era OT 8 I 1. IJIII S 't; ( I I f { if 'iff Mi;.{ ifiii li ffi,M

X. Hieratic text, the "Sensen"papyrus, labeled "first one"'(unillustratcd)

XI. Small "Sensen"text (unillustrated)

*f.-t*Vr.

y'

illlll Keep

continued from page 39 the

In our exacting lives, we are either growing 7. I don't always agree with what I hear and

spiritually or we are losing ground. We either see there.feed the spirit or it withers and dies. There is no Day 8. I don't think they have very good music.

neutral course. If we have not grown spiritually'9. The shows are held in the evening, and that's

during the Sabbath day, of what value has it been the only time I have to be home with family. to us? We may have obtained muchneededHoly We can see how ridiculous these excuses seem

physical relaxation, but we would be foolish inwhen they are used in this manner. In June 1959

deed to overlook the fact that the finest care of By Steve Presidents David 0. McKay, J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

Sorensen and Henry D. Moyle of the First Presidency issuedthe physical self is no substitute for the neglect (Freshman

of the soul. at Yale the following in a statement concerning the

Theodore Roosevelt was once asked by a soldier University Sabbath if he could not worship God while in the mounfrom Capitol "The Sabbath is not just another day on which tains as well as in church on Sunday. Roosevelt Hill Ward, we merely rest from work, free to spend it as our

promptly replied, "You could, but you don't."It Salt Lake lightmindedness may suggest. It is a holy day,

is true that Moses found God on a mountain, and Stake) the Lord's day, to be spent as a day of worship

Joseph Smith found him in a grove of trees, but, and reverence. All matters extraneous thereto

as has been pointed out, neither of them had a should be shunned.

golf club or was carrying a fishing pole in his hand "This is a Holy Day of the Lord, on which we at the time. are commanded to pour out our souls in gratitude

William E. Berrett writes, "It takes proper for the many blessings of health, strength, physienvironment to induce deep thinking and deep cal comfort, and spiritual joy which come from

feeling. It requires the harmony of soul that is the Lord's bounteous hand."

accomplished in prayer or song. It needs the President McKay has further commented on

assuring presence of others reaching for the same our conduct when we do come to Church on Sunthings in order to quicken the spirit within us. It day. He states: "When you enter a church buildrequires the spirit of God to reach out and kindle ing, you are coming into the presence of our

the flame of our own spirit. Jesus said, 'Where Father in heaven; and that thought should be

two or three are gathered together in my name, sufficient incentive for you to prepare your hearts, there I will be in the midst of them.'"your minds, and even your attire, that you might

You may remember the story of the two minappropriately and properly sit in his presisters who were mulling over some of the timeence...."

worn excuses for not attending church. They deIn conclusion, William E. Berrett suggests five

cided to apply these excuses for not attending questions to ask ourselves each Sabbath day church to something people like to do, such as 1. Have I this day learned one new spiritual

going to the movies. They came up with this truth?

list: 2. Have I come one whit closer to understand-

1. I don't attend the movies because the maning and loving my fellowman?

ager of the theater has never visited me. 3. Have I resolved anew to become in my words

2. I did go a few times, but no one spoke to me. and actions more like Jesus Christ?

Those who go there aren't very friendly. 4. Have I renewed my solemn covenants with

3. Every time I go they ask me for money. God?

4. Not all folks who go to the movies live up 5. Have I kept my mind unhampered by

to the high standards of the film. thoughts of violence, financial schemes, petty

5. I went to the movies so much as a child I've jealousies, or sordid desires?

decided I have had all the entertainment I need. If we can answer "yes"to all of these, we may

6. The performance lasts too long; I can't sit be sure that we have indeed kept the Sabbath

still for an hour and a half. day holy. q

42 Era of Youth Youth speaks to someone important Elder Marion G. Romney of the

Council of the Twelve—about the

Sustaining Power of the HolyGhos Q. Elder Romney, in seminary we are

considering the question of the sustaining power of the Holy Ghost. What happens

when we receive the witness of the Holy

Ghost?

One who receives the witness of the Holy

Ghost has a sure knowledge that God lives;

that he is our Father in heaven; that Jesus

Christ is our Elder Brother in the spirit and the Only Begotten of the Father in the flesh, our Savior and Redeemer. Such a one

knows that the universal order in the heavens above, in the earth beneath, and in the waters under the earth, all give evidence that God lives; he knows that the testimonies

of the prophets concerning the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are accurate and true.

Secure in this knowledge, his life has purpose. The gospel of Jesus Christ becomes

for him what Paul said it is: "The power of

God unto salvation."(Rom. 1:16.)

February 1968 * *M

mV Jntf

Enthusiasm and the ability to make A jazzsinging Mormon girl is winnew- and additional opportunities are ning a name for herself in the collegiate qualities that prompted the MIA general jazz festivals of America. She is Brigboard to create 30 more honor badges ham Young University undergraduate

after Esther Oeknick had completed the Cheryln Olson. She took second place

required Beehive honor badges. Esther in one international collegiate event in

is chorister of the MIA in the German Florida and looks forward to bigger

Speaking Ward in Salt Lake City. stakes this year. She has made a major

recording release and has appeared on several TV shows.

with the

We talked with members of the Centerville (Utah) Fourth Ward of Davis

Stake, and they were charmed indeed by the twoday charm school for all

MIA girls and their mothers. A personal invitation in the form of a dress

pattern brought enthusiastic crowds to hear about hair styling, manners, grooming, and social graces, and to see a fashion show culminating in a wedding party. The bride was Linda

Duncan, who paused on the runway in her own wedding gown and spoke of the beauty of a temple marriage. Other

speakers included Noma Kjar, Barbara

Sylvester, Margaret Farmer, Loretta

Tolman, lla Devereaux, Frankie Freeman, and Joan Roybal.

Era of Youth Next time you thumb through your

Seventeen magazine or watch a young adult cosmetic commercial on TV, keep

Denver is a stopoff point for many nomination for President of the United your eyes open for an active LDS girl travelers, and when George Romney, a States, and Sister Romney made such a named Laurie Gunter from Queens

Latterday Saint who is seeking the stop, there were some excited youth on (New York) Ward, Long Island Stake, hand to greet them. Most excited was who is a professional model. Laurie

Randy Dunbar, who enjoyed a special is an honor roll student and yell leader birthday treat in being guest at breakat high school and the girls'athletic fast with the celebrities. director for her ward.Editors

February 1968 46 Era of Youth Scene with the Editors

"Talent undeveloped is talent lost,"someone said, but there won't be much of that happening in Wards like Salt

Highland Lake City's Put View 2nd! toMilling around the BYU campus, one

like interested leaders gether Bishop

Jean McDonough and counselors, talmeets friends from all over the world like directors and designers ented Pat where Church service has called. Saw

Davis, Davis, and Cliff Donna Warner, a musical like Annie Get Your Gun, and new professor Joseph Wood (former

NINETYFIVE PEOPLE CHOICE YOUNG bishop, now an MIA general board willing for at to rehearse 6 A.M. daily

three months, and you have a really member) greeting newcomers Paul that blessed experience great particiLarsen and Jean Ahlstrom from Idaho pants, missionary the viewers, and fund. and Chris Lo Presti from California.

February 1968 47

U/U 4& (pvdMAno more timely topic than FREEDOM—faithful unto his words, and

what iris and how to get it. The scriptures have something choosethe willeternalof his Holylife, accordingSpirit to

to say about the subject. You'll profit from reading and "And not choose eternal death,

according to the will of the flesh applying them. and the evil which is therein,

"Then said Jesus to those "And the Messiah cometh in which giveth the spirit of the

Jews which believed on him, If the fulness of time, that he may devil power to captivate, to bring ye continue in my word, then redeem the children of men you down to hell, that he may are ye my disciples indeed; from the fall. And because that reign over you in his own kingdom.""And ye shall know the truth, they are redeemed from the fall

and the truth shall make you they have become free forever, (2 Ne. 2:2629.)

free."(John 8:3032.) knowing good and evil; to act for

"But whoso looketh into the themselves and not to be acted perfect law of liberty, and con- "They answered him, We be upon, save it be by the punishAbraham's seed, and were never ment of the law at the great and tinueth therein, he being not a in bondage to any man: how last day, according to the comforgetful hearer, but a doer of sayest thou, Ye shall be made mandments which God hath the work, this man shall be free? blessed in his deed."given.

"Jesus answered them, Verily, "Wherefore, men are free ac- (Jas. 1:25.)

verily, I say unto you, Whosocording to the flesh; and all

ever committeth sin is the ser-.. where the Spirit of the things are given them which are ".

vant of sin. expedient unto man. And they Lord is, there is liberty.""And the servant abideth not are free to choose liberty and (2 Cor. 3:17.)

in the house for ever: but the

eternal life, through the great

Son abideth ever. mediation of all men, or to "Abide ye in the liberty

"If the Son therefore shall choose captivity and death, acwherewith ye are made free;

make you free, ye shall be free cording to the captivity and entangle not yourselves in sin, indeed."power of the devil; for he seekbut let your hands be clean, un-

(John 8:3036.) eth that all men might be til the Lord comes."

"I, the Lord God, make you miserable like unto himself. (D&C 88:86.)

free, therefore ye are free in- "And now, my sons, I would deed; and the law also maketh that ye should look to the great "And I will walk at liberty:

you free."Mediator, and hearken unto his for I seek thy precepts."

(D&C 98:8.) great commandments; and be (Ps. 119:45.)

48 Era of Youth By Bishop John H. Vandenberg

for parents is basic to true manand whose hair is white with years.

The Presiding Bishop hood or true womanhood. When he was in his youth, he was

Talks to Youth About An account is given of an returning one evening from the

English boy who was once sent to hay fields on his father's farm.

field. his father's watch On no acbeen working since dayHe had RESPECT he to count was let anyone his go break, father when him met

through it. The boy had scarcely with a request that he go to town

During the Savior's earthly mintaken his post when some huntsto do an errand. The elderly man

istry, as he associated with the lepmen came up and ordered him to said:

ers, the maimed, the wise, or as open the gate. He declined to do "I was tired, dirty, and hungry.

he knelt in solemn prayer before so, telling them that he meant to It was two miles to town. I wanted

his Father, one senses that he posobey his father's instructions. At to get my supper. My first impulse

sessed a profound respect for last one of them came up and was to refuse, and to do it harshly, others. Even during the trial, said in a commanding voice, "My for I was angry that my father

when those he loved betrayed him, boy, you do not know me, but I should ask me to go after my long and those he came to serve am the Duke of Wellington. I am day's work. But I knew that if I did

mocked and cursed him, not once not accustomed to being disorefuse, he would go himself. 'Of

did he speak with disrespect. Even beyed. I command you to open course, Father, I'll go,'I said heartwhen the mobs cried; ''Crucify this gate."ily, giving my scythe to one of the

him! Crucify him!"and he was The boy lifted his cap and anmen. 'Thank you, Jim,'my father

taken to Golgotha to suffer the swered firmly, "I am sure that the replied. 'I was going myself, but

most excruciating pains, his Duke of Wellington would not somehow I don't feel very strong thoughts, were for the welfare of wish me to obey his order. I today.'

his mother, for those he loved, must keep the gate shut. No one "He walked with me to the

and even for those who drove nails can pass through but by my faroad that turned off to the town, into his hands, and a disdainful ther's express permission."and as he left me he put his hand

word never parted his lips. Then the Duke took off his own on my arm and said again, 'Thank

Young men and women, it is hat and said, "I honor the man or you, my son; you've always been

this great characteristic of respect boy who can neither be frightened a good boy to me, Jim.

that I would like to consider with nor bribed into disobeying orders. "I hurried into town and back

you. This is a virtue that is often With an army of such soldiers I again. When I came near the

difficult for young people to fully could conquer not only the house, I saw that something unappreciate; yet it is a characteristic French but the world."usual had happened. All the farmof maturity, dignity, and greatness. Obedience to parents is the hands were gathered about the

While respect is a virtue that has most sublime form of respect. It door instead of doing the chores.

application in each phase of our is often the socalled little things When I came nearer, one of the lives, may I discuss with you its that convey respect. It is well, men turned to me with tears rollapplication in some areas that seem young men and women, that you ing down his face. 'Your father,'

of particular importance in our realize how much of what you are he said, 'is dead. He fell just as he

day. and what you have, you owe to reached the house. His last words

your parents. There are no people he spoke of you.'

Respect for Parents in your life more deserving of your "I am an old man now, but I

From the time of Adam, to respect. thanked God over and over again

Sinai, to our day, the responsiWe often hear some young peoin all the years that have passed bility of youth to respect their ple comment that they wish that since that hour for those last parents has been with us. Great they were given more respect, words of my father-'You've always

men have always respected their and this plea is not without cause. been a good boy to me.'"

parents. As Christ, our Master, Yet a basic rule of human relaHaving respect for your parents

the greatest of all, hung bleeding tions is that "respect begets reis the first step toward nobility.

on the cross, he thought of his spect."You will find that you will Respect for Others

mother's welfare. Abraham Lingain respect from your parents

coln, one of the greatest of Amerand others as you honor and reRespect is an attitude that often icans, said on one occasion, "All spect them. finds expression in what is called

that I am or ever hope to be I Recently an incident was told "common courtesy."It is a tragedy

owe to my angel mother."Respect by a man whose form is now bent of our time to find that "common

February 1968 49 courtesy"isn't as common as acts of socalled civil disobediLord said unto him, Arise, and go might be so. This form of respect ence. Municipal ordinances and into the city, and it shall be told

and consideration is so essential state statutes have been wilfully thee what thou must do."(Acts

and so basic. "All doors are open and intentionally disobeyed by 9:4, 6.)

to courtesy,"said Thomas Fuller. individuals and groups. Private Now, the Lord could have told

And as Tennyson observed: "The property has been subject to deSaul in a few words what he was

greater man the greater courtesy."liberate trespass. Mobs have taken to do, but the Lord understood

Courtesy is a form of respect that to the streets, interfering with Saul's nature, and he knew that is a necessary part of a true man commerce, creating public disorSaul would find difficulty in recor a true woman. It reflects selfder, and breaching the peace. ognizing and respecting the auconfidence and selfesteem. SpeakCivil disobedience has at times thority of the Church leaders, as

ing in this regard, E. S. Martin said, been advocated from some of the later instances proved. So in an

"Selfrespect is at the bottom of pulpits throughout the land and effort to impress upon Saul the all good manners. They are the encouraged, upon occasions, by vital importance of respecting the

expression of discipline, of goodill-advised statements of public authority of the Church, the Lord will, of respect for other people's officials. Mobs have frequently sent the learned Saul to Ananias,

rights, and comfort and feelings."been so large that the police were the humble presiding officer of the

It is well, young people, that we helpless to make arrests. These Church in Damascus, the very

examine ourselves and see that in acts of socalled disobedience man whom Saul was going to arall our actions we are courteous have been proclaimed by imporrest, for instructions regarding the and considerate—with that respect tant political personages to be in gospel of Jesus Christ.

which comes from within. the finest American tradition. It Respect for authority is basic in

"Nothing,"said Cicero, "is more was said to be good Christian docour doctrine. The Lord, in the

becoming a great man than courtrine to disregard manmade laws Doctrine and Covenants, emphatesy."which conflicted with one's own sized this point when he declared:

conscience, and, of course, by "What I the Lord have spoken, implication, those who enforced I have spoken, and I excuse not

Respect for Law manmade laws were likewise to myself; and though the heavens

be disregarded. This is indeed a and the earth pass away, my word

Respect for law and civil authorstrange and false doctrine...."shall not pass away, but shall all

ity is a basic tenet of our beliefs. It is in direct opposition to the decbe fulfilled, whether my mine own

The Prophet Joseph Smith stated laration of the Prophet Joseph voice or by the voice of my servthat "we believe in being subject Smith, who stated that "to the ants, it is the same."(D&C 1:38.)

to kings, presidents, rulers, and laws all men owe respect and There is a great blessing for you magistrates, in obeying, honoring, deference...."(D&C 134:6.) young men of the Aaronic Priestand sustaining the law."This is This sets forth a challenge to hood and you young ladies, if

an area that is being mocked and you young men and women of you'll grasp the implications of ridiculed by some in our society the Church to hold forth a light of this statement of the Lord. Look

today. In the United States a murrespect in the midst of this disto the Prophet, to your stake

der occurs every 48 minutes, a dain for the laws and statutes president, and to your bishop;

forcible rape every 21 minutes, a that have made this land great. respect their authority and follow

robbery every 3 1/2 minutes, an auto their counsel.

theft every 57 seconds, a grand Respect, as we have said, is larceny every 35 seconds, and a Respect for Divine basic. Far too frequently in our

burglary every 23 seconds. Authority presentday society, young people,

A rather startling and tragic note insecure in their false maturity, is that 48 percent of the arrests The Apostle Paul had to be turn to disrespect, thinking it will for serious crimes in the United taught respect for authority before shoreup their own selfimage.

States are of youths under 18 he was called to the ministry. The Little do they realize that in so

years of age. Book of Acts tells of Saul's vengedoing, they are "betraying their

President McKay, in commentful trip toward Damascus, which own right to excellence."

ing on this disrespect for law and was interrupted when the voice of May we conclude by paraphasauthority, quoted one of our U. S. the Lord cried out to Saul: "Saul, ing a statement made by President

senators. He said, "America has Saul, why persecutest thou me?"McKay: "Little men may succeed,

been afflicted over the past three And Saul said, "Lord, what wilt but without [respect] they can or four years by an epidemic of thou have me to do? And the never be great."

50 Improvement Era The Era Asks

About Genealogy

in the Church Today

Genealogy has been a widely discussed and muchpracticed art Fifth, the program of putting throughout the Church the past several years, and is the subject of the genealogy into the hands of the priesthood, with the stake presifollowing intervieiv. The participants are: Elder Theodore M. Burton, dents and bishops in charge, has

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, vice president and general manbeen of immense value.

ager of the Genealogical Society; Paid F. Royall, general secretary of Sixth, the laboratory programs

that were designed to help the the Genealogical Society; David E. Gardner, analyst in genealogy, Saints get the feel of genealogical

Genealogical Society; Ernest C. Jeppsen, dean of the College of Induswork have caught fire and enlisted

trial and Technical Education, Brigham Young University; Norman E. a remarkable portion of the Church

membership. These include the

Wright, chairman, genealogical research technology, BYU; V. Ben BloxMIA "genealogy in action"classes,

ham, instructor in genealogical research, BYU. the threegeneration program, con-

Q—Which of the many changes Second, one of the finest steps

made within the past few years in forward has been to simplify our genealogy have influenced the procedures. Our book of instrucwork most? tions used to be nearly two inches

it to oneElder Burton—It's a thrilling thing thick, but we have cut

to be on the threshold of great fourth that size and hope to progress, and the Church and the simplify it even further.

Genealogical Society have taken Third, a small, highly trained some great strides forward, of core of specialists is providing rewhich I can think of nearly a dozen, search papers on various language

First, I think that providing free and genealogical problems for the access to all our genealogical libenefit of all the Saints who will brary facilities has done more than read their research papers. This is

any other single thing to give a fantastic service!

impetus to research. Formerly, one Fourth, the Priesthood Genehad to sign up and then wait to alogical Committee members perobtain books or archive records; formed a wonderful mission as they

now the books are on open shelves went throughout the Church enon a helpyourself basis. couraging genealogical endeavors. Elder T. M. Burton ponders question.

February 1968 51 sisting of seven family group sheets, keep the temples operating at top At present we have 61 branch liand the fourthgeneration program, capacity if we relied solely on the braries and supply so many microconsisting of eight family group present rate of research by Latterfilmed copies of records to all our sheets. With these programs we day Saints. Because of this situalibraries that we have three large

have tried to lift people out of tion, we had to create the records duplicating machines running overclassroom situations into laboratory tabulation program, or the extracttime. The Church is the largest

situations where they actually work ing of names and data from copies individual consumer of microfilm in on genealogy. You see, in genealogy of parish registers for temple the world—not counting the U.S.

one learns faster by doing than by work. But we hope to develop a government as a whole, although

listening. program whereby the Saints can we do consume more microfilm

There are other steps that have supply sufficient names to keep the than any single government agency.

contributed to the great rise in temples operating. Perhaps the

interest in genealogy, but these are time will come when the program Q—The program of microfilming

some of the important ones of the of providing names for temple original records throughout the past few years. work can be centered on the stake world has been well publicized,

temples, perhaps we will the records to be indexed so theQ—Are the threeand fourthgen- level.and moreHowever, as we build more but is it possible for the data on

eration programs to be continued? see the day when no matter how Saints could quickly identify inis many names the Saints supply, we formation found therein?Elder Burton—Yes, because thisan extremely efficient training will still need names from parish Elder Burton—We are presently

program for new converts coming records. experimenting with several stakes

into the Church and for our Saints in an indexing program of this type.

who reactivate themselves in the Q—How do you feel about the For example, the Springville

Church or in genealogy. Also, state of involvement of the Saints (Utah) Stake is indexing the recmany new families come into the in genealogy? ords from Iceland. They compileChurch through the marriages of Elder Burton—During the past six the census records and index them

our own youth. Thus, there will years we noticed a decrease of acalphabetically. Some of the stakes

always be a need for a training tivity, but that trend has been in the Pacific are doing the same program in genealogy. arrested, and we are starting to thing with Polynesian records. If

climb again. Many reasons acthese experiments prove fruitful,

counted for the decrease, including we will ask more stakes toQ—Do Latterday Saints supply

sufficient names for temple work? the speed of presentday life, but a cooperate.

new and significant interest in It is amazing what modern techElder Burton—No, we couldn't

genealogy is manifesting itself, and nology and facilities can do for us.

we are most thrilled with it. Also, For instance, 20 years ago, if one

the accuracy and the quality of was interested in Danish research, research work done by the Saints he would probably go to Denmark, are improving. A sense of responface language difficulties, transsibility for doing better work is portation difficulties, problems in

manifesting itself very much—and locating records, and the problem

that is a marvelous thing when you of spending sufficient time with think of it. the records to make his trip suc-

Q—Will the day ever come when withcessful,the andproblemthenof betryingconfrontedto read

the Saints will be able to check a foreign language in a script that records out of the genealogical might be archaic. Today, however,

libraries and take them home for with modern methods of microstudy? filming, the records of Denmark

Elder Burton—Not in the near fuand many other lands are brought

ture. Under the present arrangeto our genealogical libraries, and

ment, all records must stay in the volunteer workers are translating

Paul Royall notes stature of Genebuildings. But we are expanding the foreign archaic script into Engalogical Society to Jay M. Todd.

branch libraries as fast as we can. lish. In a few days of constant

52 Improvement Era research, one can now find informasteps forward. Instead of the his competency. We have over

tion that previously would have Genealogical Society providing one hundred such accredited retaken years of research. trained researchers for the Saints, searchers. Thus, those who have

is the stature of the begin a system of accrediting reneeds can hire accredited research-Q—What it was decided that we would particular genealogical research

Church and its Genealogical Sosearchers. Anyone with the necesers for difficult problems. In this

ciety among professional orgasary training and knowledge could we have been helped considerably nizations? take an examination to determine by Brigham Young University and

is becoming a commonRoyal I—It

occurrence to hear professionals speak of the Church's Genealogical

Society as the largest and bestRichard L Evans equipped in the world. And our

rather sudden rise to this stature The Spoken Word within a 10to 20year period is remarkable. We receive many

letters requesting the society to send its specialists to various professional genealogical organizations times we may feel the pressure of people. But when we feel

crowded or impatient with people, we may well think how emptyon speaking assignments. Often, At

we have been able to oblige them and dreary, how lonely and poor and purposeless life would be if one of our people has had a stake without those who live with us and around us. "If a wise man were

conference assigment nearby. The granted a life of abundance of everything material, so that he had leisure

stature and opening of doors that to contemplate everything worth knowing,"said Cicero, "still if he could have come from this kind of fellownot communicate with another human being he would abandon life."1

still spread out and live hermitlike and seeship have been truly inspiring. In many places, we could

less of others, if we wanted to, but we come together for convenience, for skills and services, for education, for cultural enrichment. We oweQ—What has been the response

to the research papers that you a debt to others for food prepared, for medicines and those who adminhave published through the Era? ister them, for shelter and conveniences, and for services and safety;

(See page 22 of this issue.) but more than this—for a broadening of life, for company and companionship, there, for just of loneliness. since for relieving us being sheer And a has beenElder Burton—There

is is life's this so, to lessons to foremost learn to get along, among and interest upsurge of bytremendous our own members, and we have a see and consider what other people really mean to us. There can be

large file of complimentary letters too many. Life can become cluttered. People can be too impersonal.

from other professional genealogiBut there could also be too few, with poverty of ideas and emptiness of cal organizations, which often as life. And with too few, we soon would sense not only our dependence

not offer to trade or exchange on others, but the blessing of knowing there is someone there and the some of their records for copies of debt we owe each other for the mere fact of human feeling. At home,

ours. This is an excellent way to and worldwide, we need more of appreciation and less of faultfinding,

increase our library at minimal cost. that the warmth and goodwill of the Prince of Peace, the Master of manBy the way, it is often necessary to kind, may move more among us, with more awareness of what we owe

buy collections of records, so we to others. Despite all misunderstandings, despite all problems and

welcome contributions! impatience, we owe something to all the people there are, for the enrec- this, and for much more, we owe each other kindness and care and con-Q—With the acquisition of richment and variety of life, for the simple privilege of association. For

ords from around the world, how sideration. "No man is an island,"2 wrote John Donne. There is no

have you coped with the inone who doesn't need others, whether he knows it or not.

creased need for qualified researchers to assist Saints in MDicero,No. 10. quoted in The Royal Bank of Canada Monthly Letter, "Communication Is Vital,"Vol. 48,

genealogical research problems? 2John Donne, Seventh Century Meditation, No. 17.

Elder Burton—This answer in- * "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

cludes another of the significant Broadcasting System December 3, 1967. Copyright 1967.

February 1968 53 This beautiful book in full color just off the press

itsWright—Sincestaff of expertswe instartedgenealogy.our twoyear genealogical course program

at BYU six years ago, we have graduated 51 students in the program, from which 14 of these students have applied and successfully passed the accreditation examinafor joining LDS BOOKS tion. Some of the graduates are

CLUB this month! doing professional genealogy work

full time, others parttime.

A fascinating portrayal of Q—How many universities offer

the truths taught by Jesus, credit or a degree in this type of presented in a special research?

way to help you share Jeppsen—There is no university in

the U.S., including BYU, that gives

the gospel with a bachelor's degree in genealogical friends and research. We do give an associate

loved ones. degree, however, which is a twoyear degree for technicians. We are

studying the possibility of a bachelor's degree in genealogical research and library science. Student

interest in genealogical classes at

BYU has been very high. A few

other schools, such as American

Make your first Club selection University in Washington, D.C., do

from the following books: give credit classes in genealogical

research. At one time at least one

1. The Quest for Excellence 4. Answers to Book of Mormon 7. Mormon Doctrine

by Sterling W. Sill Questions, by Sidney B. Sperry by Bruce R. McConkie university in Germany offered a

Collection of articles packed with Many questions candidly and Summary of fundamental doctrines degree in genealogical research.

stimulating information. $3.75 openly discussed. $3.50 of the gospel $6.95 Bloxham—Both the University of

2. Fantastic Victory 5. Faith of a Scientist 8. Fascinating Womanhood

by W. Cleon Skousen by Dr. Henry Eyring by Helen B. Andelin

An authoritative account of Israel's Dramatic proof that religion and Principles which must be applied latest rendezvous with destiny. science can and do function in in winning a man's genuine love.

$3.75 harmony. $3.00 $4.95

3. Life Everlasting 6. Ten Most Wanted Men 9. Joseph Smith

by Duane S. Crowther by Paul Dunn by his Mother, Lucy Mack Smith

A comprehensive look at the estate A look at the ten most desirable An intimate glimpse into the life of man. $4.50 traits of leadership. $3.95 of the Prophet. $3.50

OR ANY LDS BOOK OF YOUR CHOICE WE HAVE AVAILABLE WITH A RETAIL PRICE OF $3.00 OR MORE!

BC268 LDS BOOKS CLUB, INC.

P.O. Box 400 Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

Enclosed is my check or money order in the amount of $ for my first club selection circled below. I understand that I will receive "The Way to Happiness"absolutely free for joining this month.

My first selection12is circled.3 4 6 7

Enroll me as a LOS BOOKS CLUB member and send me monthly review. I hereby agree to

purchase a minimum of 4 regular selections or alternates during the next 12 months at the advertised regular price. for joining (Premium books selection not qualify regular as a Club do

alternate). or resign I will anytime books. after purchasing I may 4 accept, 4 For each books I

receive a valuable bonus book free—a savings of 20%. V. Ben Bloxham and David E. Gardner

add research knowhow to interview.

NAME

ADDRESS

CITY, STATE, ZIP..

54 Improvement Era.

Arizona at Tucson and the cilors, bishops, high priest group

California State Department of leaders, quorum presidencies, ward

Continuing Education teach generecord examiners, instructors,

last year's seminar.alogicalGardner—Severalresearch. universities in branchpeople attendedlibrarians. About 800

England provide course work in related fields, particularly the Uni- Q—What is the schedule for the

versity of London and the Uninext seminar?

versity of Kent. The latter school Elder Burton—Beginning Monday,

is building a fulldegree program August 12, through Friday, August Prices in the area of history, genealogy, 16, on the BYU campus, we will are LOW and family history. intently study aspects of genealogy.

in Idaho line with what Each day a General Authority willElder Burton—In

other universities are doing, I think speak. Some 50 styles include all L.D.S. temple

Latterday Saints can take pride in Throughout the week we will designsMatchinginMormonwhite andalbums,latestnapkins,parchments.other

what BYU is doing to assist the study such things as how to accessories. One day rush order service.

Saints and the Church through its obtain genealogical information genealogical course work. But from the Genealogical Society,

what should be of widespread inhow to use the Pedigree Referral terest to all genealogically minded Service, how to get information Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded

Latterday Saints is our priesthood from the Temple Records Index onREXCRAFT,first order. Rexburg,(50c if air Idahomail desired.)83440

genealogy seminar held annually at Bureau, how to get information Name

BYU. from archives, how to use genealogical branch libraries. We will Address -

is invited to attend this be studying beginning and adCity, Zone, StateQ—Who

seminar? vanced research methods and prois incedures, and how to solve problemsElder Burton—Anyone who BLACK & WHITE

terested in genealogy and the in genealogy. There will be techrollpriesthoodGardner—Thisaspectscertainlyof it. would innicalin thecoursesU.S., Canada,on researchLatinproblemsAmerLIYIW 8 exposure

clude those who hold ward and ica, and various European countries. DEVELOPEP & PRINTED

stake positions that deal with geneWe will also discuss priesthood IN JUMBO SIZE alogy: stake presidents, high coungenealogy in the future and where 12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00

36 exposures $1.50

COLOR FILM DEVELOPING 8-ExposureKODACOLORRoll per Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll

12Exposure Roll per Dev. and Printing $3-00 ro ||

Color Reprints 204 each COLORColor Slides SLIDES per 1 35 mm 20 exp., Dev. and Mount...$1.35 roll

1 35 mm Color Slides per 36 exp., Dev. and Mount... $2.40 roll

Color Movie per 8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll

GENEALOGY PHOTOS NEGATIVES MADE of OLD PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS Hi

Young University's of NEGATIVE, 84 each Ernest C. Jeppsen and Norman E. Wright of Brigham

genealogical program discuss the BYU's contributions to genealogy. Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s

MoneyBack Guarantee SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

February 1968 55 One of the nicest today's knowledge and technology

example, we are Bloxham—Forthings we can say aregoingtaking us. actual documents to have

placed on transparencies, and we will show how to use passenger lists of arrivals, Indian censusfor Knabe is that records, federal census records, military documents. The latest

research by professional organizations throughout the world will bethe Met won't sing explained. From the standpoint of

one interested in genealogy, the kind of training that will be offered Society Genealogical by thewithout it. leading exgenealogical and BYU's

Over forty years ago the Metropolitan perts and by our General AuthoriOpera made Knabe its official piano. ties who will speak on priesthood

We've been with the Met ever since. genealogy will be all encompassWhich says a lot for the way we sound. ing. This really is a remarkable

When you find Sutherland, Stevens, opportunity.

Corelli and Callas all agreeing interested persons on something, it must be Wright—All

something. That's why should correspond with Special

you'll find Knabe Courses and Conferences at Brigpianos at leadham Young University, Provo, ing institutions Utah, at their earliest convenience.

such as BrigRegistration fee is $10 for theham Young and

Utah Universities. week. There will be three instrucWe go to great tional periods of one and onehalf

lengths to get hours each, held between 8:30 a.m.

artists to love us. We and 4:30 p.m. Housing may be obmake our tone contained on or off campus. On sistent and beautiful

Our action swift and responcampus, board and room will cost sive. On stage, that's vital. Off

stage, our fine furniture look is just as important. You'll get a lot of pleasure out

of having a good looking star of the Met in your living room. Not to mention the Wra,East KnabeRochester,& Co.,NewInc.York

good sound pleasure that comes from it. A Division of Aeolian Corporation.

SOMETHING YOU SHOULDIMS S!

FOOD STORAGE BOOKLET / WHAT SHOULD WE STORE?

STORING TO PREVENT SPOILAGE U.S. SEND50 FUNDS ROTATION PLAN, ETC. Available. Rates Group

WALTER61 BEACON AVENUE D. BATCHELORLAYTON, UTAH 84041

"30 YEARS EXPERIENCE IN FOOD STORAGE"

56 Improvement Era LEADERSHIP between $3 and $5 per day for a

Jeppsen—Forman and wife. those who may be Deseret News Press

interested, numerous families who 1600 Empire Road attended last year did so as part Salt Lake City, Utah of their family vacation, because 84104 on our campus we feature swimming, bowling, hobby shops, dancing, golf, tennis, movies, dramas, and student musicals. Nearby are

the canyons and Utah Lake for hiking, fishing, camping, and boating.

It is a marvelous way to introduce one's family to BYU, and Salt Lake

City and Church headquarters are less than an hour away. In terms of

cost, last year most couples spent between $35 and $50 total for board and room while at the seminar.

Housing is available with cooking Our modern web offset equipment produces over 1,000,000 magazines each month.

facilities both for couples and for those wishing to bring their Proven... Successful... Reassuring!

children.

Elder Burton—In closing, I wouldlike to note that some amazing and FAMILY FOOD STORAGE PLAN

inspiring things have been done PermaPak 1-year plan is easy, economical!

or set in motion the past few years, but the future looks even brighter. Pay less than $100 per family member for a whole

We live in a time that provides us year's balanced food supply. Choose from

with countless opportunities to perPerma-Pak's famous "Use Today or Store Away"form the temple ordinances for fruits,dry andvegetables,dehydratedonions,foodspotatoes,... such gelatinas wheat, flour,

our beloved and worthy progenidesserts... and exciting new meat substitutes

tors. It is a thrilling age! O and freezedried foods... for tasty, nutritious,

lowcost meals.

SEND COUPON FOR FULL DETAILS 'Srore Food Today for a Rainy Day'

Family SurPerma-Pak's: Also—discover East 2430 40 South PERMAPAK, Emergency and Kits vival Camping Food

City, Salt Lake Utah 84115 Grinders, Electric Grain Kits and Hand FREE, Please the following: send me,

Bread Mixers, etc. Food Storage Plan CATALOG

[7J Survival Kit and Camping INFORMATION PEHMAPAK40 E. 2430 So., Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 [TJ Group Discounts/FundRaising PLAN

Phone (801) 4859671 My Name.

of California contact: Residents Southern. Address

Katella Kernel, The Wheat -StateAvenue, City -HoCalif. Stanton, 6351352 Phone 90680 7554—IK 2-68

IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS Aids in treatment of simple sore throat and other minor mouth and throat irritations. JEWELRY CO.

42 WEST 2ND. SOUTH DA 2-1039

Elder Theodore M. Burton reviews SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

progress of the Genealogical Society,and also discusses upcoming PriestHALL'S REMEDY INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER hoodGenealogy Seminar to be held in Salt Lake City, Utah

August at Brigham Young University.

February 1968 57 "Life is not kicking me about—years go by, and the sons are six leeway. In this budgeting of time,

it is shoving me around, then sitfeet tall and wageearning fathers; consider yourself. Plan for a few

ting on me so hard that I feel and the daughters, now mothers minutes in each day to go into your smothered."These words came themselves, are in their cycle of own room and close the door.

over the phone to a friendly ear. rearing little children. Life is a Occasionally have a babysitter

The caller went on to say that she circle one travels, and the wheel come in while you put on fresh liphad six children all under seven never stops. It is difficult to choose stick and walk into the outside

years of age, that she lived a life the years that are the most enjoyWorld for a few hours.

of confusion and frustration, and able, but when a vote is taken in There is a home on almost every that she was ready to "start climblater life, the childrearing years block where children like to gather.

ing the walls."The house was usually win the count. It is a place where the mother

never in order, the children never There are many ways to turn the loves children. She takes time for

quiet, and there was never time in drudgery of these years into joy. each question; she listens as each

the day to do all there was to be One way is to remember that each little voice speaks. She believes that

done. Then in a longing voice, she little one is a child of God, an inwoman is that she might have joy.

added, "I'm not a person in my own dividual loaned to you to be taught There is a feeling of optimism in right any more. I've been smashed and loved and enjoyed. When this her every motion, glance, and word.

into a million pieces, and I haven't baby is put into your arms, you can Though others may moan when even time to stop and pick up the almost hear the words: "This child they see one cloud in the sky, she

fragments. I've come to the end of is yours to mold and guide; there is thankful for a patch of blue.

me. is nothing more important in this Perhaps this house is not too clean,

There was an unuttered cry for life."You now have the privilege but the children feel only the love.

help in those words. Such thoughts of helping to build a worthwhile However, if the home is more than

are duplicated in hundreds of human being. No work in the world cluttered, that is not good. There

homes by hundreds of young pays like "mother work."can be a balance.

mothers. Is there an easy remedy? If you find yourself frustrated, A husband and children deserve

Life for a young mother with a put first things first. Try not to be a basically clean home. Frustranumber of children is not simple, a perfectionist as a housekeeper. tion comes to some people because

but it can be exciting. It can be a Realize that the children come beconfusion and clutter upset somehappy time, and it can be a most fore the household duties and bething within them. They get

rewarding adventure. One must fore any interests outside the home. bogged down in the "now."In such

always remember, when dayby- Learn to organize your life hapcases the housekeeping should be day struggling seems insurmountpily. Don't jam any one day too scheduled. Perhaps an hour first

able, to repeat the thought, "This full; leave time for the unexpected. thing in the morning might be

too will pass."All too soon the Any schedule should have plenty of taken to tidy up the whole house;

58 Improvement Era then one or two hours each day riment of her own family. Many a dish can be chilled in the refrigercould be spent to clean one room young mother, in welcoming a diator. Then, with the help of the

thoroughly. By the end of the week, version, will accept a number of oven, only 30 to 60 minutes is

the house will be cleaned, and each responsibilities in civic, church, and needed to present the family with day will find a neat home and a social organizations, which may not a hot, nourishing, delicious meal.

serene mother. Include in this leave her enough time for her famOvens through the ages have proschedule a plan for mother and the ily's demands. Only frustration duced fragrant meats and breads,

children to spend a few minutes can follow. Every woman should but nothing can compare to a

picking up the clutter again just use wisdom. A husband and chilmodern oven. It can do all but the

before father comes home in the dren should always come first in initial preparation of the food. A

evening. any plans. finger touches a button, and a cold

Children can be happy doing A person may feel guilty because oven turns itself on at a designated housework if mother is cheerful she has spoken crossly, or because time to a set temperature. Human

and makes a game of it. A twothe house is not in perfect order, beings can be miles away but still

yearold is able to pick up toys if or because she took a nap, or bedinner can start to cook and be this is consistently expected of him. cause she shows a lack of consisready when the family assembles

A fiveyear-old can dust, empty tency. But a mother must not live around the dinner table. It's magic!

wastepaper baskets, and do other a life of guilt. Just do the best at This miracle can help a busy

chores. An eightor tenyear-old the moment, then stand relaxed. mother to be cheerful, calm, and

child is capable of helping the Don't waste time and energy on serene throughout the dinner hour.

younger children bathe and get to past shortcomings; try harder and

bed in the evening. Ironing, dishthen relax more. Cheese and Meat Casserole

(8 servings) washing, bedmaking, vacuuming, Confusion at breakfast and at pound noodles y2and many other household tasks the dinner hour is frustrating to pounds lean ground beef iy2 can be done by children with everyone. Planning ahead can 2 small cans tomato sauce

mother supervising and making it rectify this. Work out menus and V21 cup8ouncechili cartonsauce small curd cottage

fun. Try to sing or whistle while shop for the needs of seven breakcheese

1 8-ounce package cream cheese work; theyou job gets done more fasts at time; then one do somemilk cup evaporated Viquickly that way. thing 1 before to at going night juice teaspoon bed lemon

A mother should be consistent in to lighten the preparation of Y3 cup minced green onions her attitude toward the children breakfast the next morning. This Early in the day, cook the noodles as

helping in the home. Each day, planning will help insure the thedirectedgroundon beefthe andpackage;stir indrain.the tomatoSaute

with few exceptions, every little needed foods for the morning sauce and the chili sauce. Remove from

person should do his chores. A meal. There is nothing more fruscheese,heat. Combineevaporatedcottagemilk,cheese,lemon creamjuice,

mother needs a steady, not a heavy, trating than trying to fix breakfast onions. In a 2-quart casserole spread

hand in guiding the children with without eggs or milk. It is also halfmixture;the noodles;then addcoverthewithrestthe ofcheesethe

their work. Rewards are not taboo foolish for a tired mother to plan noodles. Pour the tomatomeat sauce

but blackmail is. If the children a dinner for her family with a great overheatedall.through.Bake in a 350 F. oven until

do a certain assignment well, there deal of lastminute preparation. A Lima Bean Casserole

tocould be a treat, but try not to meal can be delicious and nourish- (6 8 servings) threaten the boy or girl if a task ing and yet simple. Plan dinners

is not done satisfactorily. Without that can be prepared earlier in the 21 canpackagescondensedfrozen mushroomlima beanssoup

cross words, have the child do the day with a minimum of lastminute Milk work over again. A mother's condoing. Oven meals fit into this Cook the lima beans in unsalted water

until just Stir drain. tender; in the soup.sistency gives strength to her category. of the followTry some

if slightly Thin with milk desired. Putwords. ing suggestions; at then dinner into a casserole. Garnish with buttered

Too many interests outside the time sit contentedly and relaxed cracker crumbs and bake in a 350 F.

home can make a woman confused and enjoy your family. oven until bubbly and brown on top.

and unhappy. It is not wise to Hungry Boy Casserole

accept everything that is asked of EASY DOES IT (8 servings) one. Good judgment should be The most relaxing of all meals 1 package (8 ounces) shell macaroni

used. A young mother needs outto prepare is the oven dinner. Most 21 cuppoundschoppedgroundonionbeef

side interests but she does not need of the preparation can be done 1 cup chopped green pepper teaspoons iy2to carry added pressures to the detearly in the day and the prepared teaspoon pepper Vs salt -

February 1968 59 1 cup thinly sliced cabbage Fry the rice in the butter until it is 1 cup diced celery golden brown. Add the celery, green

3 sprigs parsley pepper, y2 cup chicken broth, and seaSalt to taste son to taste. Cook until all moisture is

y2 teaspoon peppercorns gone. Thicken 2 cups chicken broth

1 bay leaf with cornstarch. Add the diced chicken

5 cloves and lemon juice, and season to taste.

1 can (8 ounces) whole kernel corn, 21 cupslarge watercan tomatoes andPut peasalternatein a layersbutteredof casserole.rice, chicken,End drained

2 cans condensed tomato soup 3 tablespoons flour with the chicken mixture. Top with

y2 cup chopped ripe olives 1 package frozen peas crushedbefore dinner.potato Bakechips.in aChill350untilF. ovenjust

in flour beef the Toss seasoned and for minutes. 30 to 45 directhe to macaroni accordingCook

all oil. in tablespoons hot brown 2 Addtions drain. on the package and Brown

ingredients the other with the exception themeat; add pepper, onion and green

in of flour Place the a peas. and baking skillet, untilcover the and they simmer

F. 250 dish. Home, at for Sweet Cover, and bake 3 Homeare softened. this mixture Combine

until or hours the vegetables and meat salt,with pepper, the corn, macaroni, are tender. serving, before minutes Ten ripe in olives.tomato Place soup, a and to Snacks the ability have in stir flour the peas. and casserole, with top2V2qijart buttered

cornflakes, and bake in a 350 F. oven Country Ham Casserole do many things. They can:for 30 minutes.

(Serves 6-8) Help pass the time away.

Veal Loaf (6 to 8 servings) 26 cupshardcookeddiced cookedeggs, slicedham Enliven a twosome. Encourage a tot. 5 butter tablespoons melted vealIV, pounds ground

flour 7 tablespoons pork ground pound waist. a Expand V2 milk cups 4 bread coarse cup crumbs Vz tablespoons onion 3 chopped figure. a Ruin milk cup evaporated Vz tablespoons 3 green pepper chopped slightly eggs, 2 beaten appetite. Stimulate celery tablespoons 3 an chopped 2 tablespoons lemon juice Salt to taste and pepper 1 salt teaspoon Create mood. a mustard teaspoon 1 y2 salt celery teaspoon

teaspoon reward. pepper a Va in in Be layers Arrange the eggs and ham

slices bacon In a skillet casserole. a greased or desire. Smother a

in flour blend butter the the saucepan all ingredients bacon,Combine except stir in milk. gradually the Cook, and Kill resolution. a into loaf a pack pan.and greased 9x5

until stirring thickened. other the Add loaf.Dice the of place bacon on top and to joy a moment. Add ingredients over pour and the and ham in 350 F. refrigerator.Store at Bake

eggs. with Sprinkle bread mixed crumbsfor about hours. iy2 heart. a Warm until Chill with cheese. grated about 45

a group.Beef Italian minutesF. oven untilbeforebrownedserving.andHeatbubbly.in 350 Entertain

(6 servings) special. Make an event

Family Casserole Tuna steak, round poundsiy2 inexpensive, lowcalorie for An snack boneless (Serves 6) 1 egg, beaten a family is always evening welcome. cup cheese Parmesan y3 rice try 3 Next cooked cups serving week crisps these corn fine bread cup crumbs y3 1 of juice. hot can cream and tomato soup mushroom oilCooking

milk cup evaporated % ofDash pepper Grace's Crisps Corn teaspoon thyme V2 of oreganoDash 1 grated onion tablespoon onion cup chopped Vi 1 water cup 1 Worcestershire teaspoon sauce teaspoons sugar\y2 butter 2 tablespoons 1 celery cup chopped 1 paste 6-ounce can tomato 1 yellow cornmeal cup 1 pimiento, small can chopped cups hot water 2 salt teaspoon cans 2 tuna y2 sliced cheese, pound V2 salt onion 1 grated cup cheese cheese Parmesan the thin; steak into veryPound cut 6

all ingredients. into the Combine Pourservings. into Dip the the beaten meat boil; butter the Bring to a water and a casserole. buttered Sprinkle with roll inegg, then mixture of Parmesan all stirsalt at once, cornmeal add and until Chill chips. potato crushed 45 steak,cheese and crumbs. seaBrown rapidly. ring heat from and Remove in serving. minutes before a 375 Bake with in oilsoned pepper oregano, and it ball. stir until a Divide forms dough F. oven.

inover heat. Place shallow medium parts. into ball Place well- 2 a each on

in oilpan. until onion Cook soft the but buttered cookie sheet out and smooth Rice Chicken Casserole and

in stirnot brown; the other ingredients until is with fingers covered. the pan (Serves 6) theexcept Gradually cheese. the add will thin, The very but be dough keep

stirring. water,hot Pour of the most it 1 until rice patting is the uncooked covered. cup sheet

oversauce the meat; with top cheese in F. 375 a until butter tablespoons 2 Bake the oven edges

slices remaining and sauce. at Bake 1 curl is celery crisp diced the corn a and cup golden

F.350 1 for hour. Sprinkle diced salt with brown. green cup onion pepper and V

Oven Stew 2y2Salt andcupspepperchickento brothtaste theParmesancorn crispscheese.fromWhenthe panscool, inremovelarge

(Serves 6 to 8) 2 cups cooked chicken pieces. Gently place in an attractive

2 pounds beef, cut into 1-inch cubes 2 tablespoons cornstarch dish or basket. Nibble and enjoy. This

2 onions, sliced 1 teaspoon lemon juice snack is good served as an accomcarrots, 4 frozen package to peas paniment soup, fruit cocktail, fish sliced y-'mch thick y2 1 turnip, sliced crushed potato 1 cup chips cocktail, or punch. O

60 Improvement Era Yeast bakers: there's no

need to dissolve the yeast when you bake this new quick easy Rapid mix way with new improved Fleischmann's Yeast.

No warming the bowl.

No worry about water temperature.

No risk of killing the yeast.

And the results are better than ever before. See easy details on

every package of new improved Fleischmann's Yeast. And get

/ 65 great new Rapidmix recipes in Fleischmann's New Treasury of

Yeast Baking. This lively colorful

is FREE, yours; 32page cookbook MP* *?%...>

for the asking. Ask now.

Rapidmix—the revolutionary new yeastbaking

method—has been developed for you by

Fkisck countryFleischmann's,100 yearstheago.peopleFor whoexcitingbroughtRapidmixyeast to this

recipes, get the great new Fleischmann's Treasury.

*'Baking Just mail this coupon—quickly.

; # - #:#. # m ft ft

To: Fleischmann's Yeast

P.O. Box 36-B, Mount Vernon

New York 10557 Please send me the FREE Fleischmann's New Treasury of Yeast Baking, featuring great new NoDissolve

Rapidmix recipes.

Name

Address

State (BE SUflE TO INCLUDE YOUR ZIP CODE)

February 1968 61 The Dr. Charles H. Townes'work

on the laser won him the 1964 Nobel Prize. Convergence of

He is presently provost and professor

of physics at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Science and

Religion By Charles H. Townes

in time would explain been them. Perhaps overturned byThescienceeverincreasinghas posed successmany chalof thateverything.science this unawareness science is because

lenges and conflicts for religion This was the time when Laplace has been vigorous in changing itself conflicts that are resolved in individual could believe that if he knew the posiand continuing to press and has also lives in a variety of ways. Some accept tion and velocity of every particle in diverted attention by ever more sucboth religion and science as dealing the universe and could calculate sufficesses in solving the practical problems

with quite different methods, and thus ciently well, he would then know the of life.

separate them so widely in their thinkentire future. Laplace was simply Many of the philosophical and coning that no direct confrontation is posexpressing the evident experience of ceptional bases of science have, in

sible. Some repair rather completely the time, that the success and precision fact, been disturbed and revolutionto the camp of science or of religion of scientific laws had changed deterized. The poignancy of these changes

and regard the other as of little imporminism from a speculative argument can be grasped only through sampling tance, if not downright harmful. to one that seemed inescapable. them. For example, the question

To me science and religion are both This was the time when the devout whether light consists of small particles universal and basically very similar. In Pasteur, asked how he as a scientist shot out by light sources or by wave

fact, to make the argument clear, I could be religious, simply replied that disturbances originated by them had should like to adopt the rather extreme his laboratory was one realm, and that been debated for some time by the point of view that their differences are his home and religion were a comgreat figures of science. The question

largely superficial, and that the two pletely different one. was finally settled in the early 19th

become almost indistinguishable if we There are today many vestiges of this century by brilliant experiments that look at the real nature of each. It is 19th century scientific absolutism in could be thoroughly interpreted by

perhaps science whose real nature is our thinking and attitudes. It has given theory. The experiments told scienthe less obvious, because of its blindCommunism, based on Marx's 19th tists of the time that light was uning superficial successes. To explain century background, some of its sense equivocally a wave and not particles.

this, and to give perspective to the nonof the inexorable course of history and But about 1900, other experiments scientists, we must consider a bit of of "scientific"planning of society. turned up that showed just as unthe history and development of science. Toward the end of the 19th century, equivocally that light is a stream of

The march of science during the 19th many physical scientists viewed their particles rather than waves. Thus

century produced enormous confidence work as almost complete and needing physicists were presented with a deeply in its success and generality. One only some extension and more detailed disturbing paradox. Its solution took

field after another fell before the obrefinement. But soon after, deep several decades and was only accomjective inquiry, experimental approach, problems began to appear. The world plished in the mid1920's by the develand logic of science. Scientific laws seems relatively unaware of how deep opment of a new set of ideas known

appeared to take on an absolute quality, these problems really were and of the as quantum mechanics.

and it was very easy to be convinced extent to which some of the most The trouble was that scientists were

From Think, MarchApril 1966. Used with permission. fundamental scientific ideas have thinking in terms of their common

62 Improvement Era Albert Einstein and Job. Faith is necessary to men of both science and religion, says Dr.

Townes. A firm belief in an orderly universe, somewhat like Job's durable conviction,

sustained Einstein. "God is very subtle,"he once remarked, "but he is not malicious."

everyday experience, and that experian electron is put in a long box where fundamentally impossible to obtain the ence encompassed the behavior of it may travel back and forth. Physical information necessary for his precise

large objects but not yet many atomic theory now tells us that, under certain predictions, even if he were dealing phenomena. Examination of light or conditions, the electron will sometimes with only one single particle, rather

atoms in detail brings us into a new be found toward one end of the box than with the entire universe.

realm of very small quantities with and sometimes toward the other, but The modern laws of science seem, which we have had no previous exnever in the middle. This statement then, to have turned our thinking away

perience, and where our intuitions clashes absurdly with ideas of an elecfrom complete determinism and tocould well be untrustworthy. And now tron moving back and forth, and yet ward a world where chance plays a

in retrospect, it is not at all surprising most physicists today are quite conmajor role. It is chance on an atomic

that the study of matter on the atomic vinced of its validity and can demonscale, but there are situations and scale has taught us new things, and strate its essential truth in the times when the random change in posithat some are inconsistent with ideas laboratory. tion of one atom or one electron can

that previously had seemed so clear. yi nother strange aspect of the new materially affect the largescale affairs

Physicists today believe that light is / \ quantum mechanics is called of life and, in fact, our entire society.

neither precisely a wave nor a particle, * * the uncertainty principle. A striking example involves Queen

but both, and we were mistaken in even This principle shows that if we try to Victoria, who, through one such event asking the question, "Is light a particle say exactly where a particle (or object) on an atomic scale, became a mutant or is it a wave?"It can display both is, we cannot at the same time say and passed on to certain male deproperties. So can all matter, includexactly how fast it is going and in what scendants in Europe's royal families

ing baseballs and locomotives. We direction; or, if we determine its vethe trait of hemophilia. Thus one undon't ordinarily observe this duality in locity, we can never say exactly what predictable event on an atomic scale

large objects, because they do not its position is. According to this theory, had its effect on both the Spanish

show wave properties prominently. But Laplace was wrong from the beginning. royal family and, through an afflicted

in principle we believe they are there. If he were alive today, he would probczarevitch, on the stability of the

We have come to believe other ably understand along with other Russian throne.

strange phenomena as well. Suppose contemporary physicists that it is This new view of a world that is not

February 1968 63 after one year bring them back. The With this background on the real

earth kittens will obviously have bestate of scientific understanding, we come cats, but the ones sent into come now to the similarity and near some of the most space will have remained kittens. This identity of science and religion. The

theory has not been tested with kittens, goal of science is to discover the order but it has been checked experimentally in the universe, and to understand fundamental scientific with the aging of inanimate objects through this order the things we sense and seems to be quite correct. Today around us—even man himself. This

the vast majority of scientists believe order we express as scientific principles ideas have it true. or laws, striving to state them in the

Scientists have now become a good simplest and yet most inclusive ways.

."deal more cautious and modest about I believe the goal of religion is to unbeen overturned.. extending scientific ideas into realms derstand (and hence accept) the

where they have not yet been thorpurpose and meaning of our universe oughly tested. Of course, an important and how we fit into it. Most religions

part of the game of science is, in fact, see a unifying and inclusive origin of the development of general laws that meaning, and this supreme purposepredictable from physical laws was not can be extended into new realms. These ful force we call God.

at all easy for physicists of the older laws are often remarkably successful Understanding the order in the unitradition to accept. Even Einstein, one in telling us new things or in predictverse and understanding the purpose

of the architects of quantum mechaning things that we have not yet directly in the universe are not identical, but ics, never completely accepted the observed. And yet we must always be they are also not very far apart. It is

indeterminism of chance that it implies. aware that such extensions may be interesting that the Japanese word for

"Herr Gott wurfelt nicht"—the Lord wrong, and wrong in very fundamental physics is butsuri, which translated

God doesn't throw dice! It is interestways. In spite of all the changes in means simply the reason for things.

ing to note also that Russian Comour views, it is reassuring to note that Thus we readily and inevitably link munism, with its roots in 19th century the laws of 19th century science were closely together the nature and the determinism, for a long time took a not so far wrong in the realm in which purpose of our universe.

strong doctrinaire position against the they were initially applied—that of What are the aspects of religion

new physics of quantum mechanics. ordinary velocities and of objects and science that often make them

When scientists pressed on to exlarger than the point of a pin. In this seem almost diametrically opposite?

amine still other realms outside our realm they were essentially right, and Many of them come, I believe, out of common experience, further surprises we still teach the laws of Newton or of differences in language used for hiswere found. For objects of much Maxwell, because in their own imtorical reasons, and many from quantihigher velocities than we ordinarily portant sphere they are valid and tative differences that are large enough

experience, relativity shows that very useful. that unconsciously we assume they are

strange things happen. First, objects We know today that the most qualitative ones. Let us consider some

can never go faster than a certain sophisticated present scientific theof the aspects where science and respeed, regardless of how hard they ories, including modern quantum ligion may superficially look very are pushed. Their absolute maximum mechanics, are still incomplete. We different.

in religionspeed is that of light—186,000 miles use them because in certain areas they The essential role of faith

per second. Further, when objects are are so amazingly right. Yet they lead is so wellknown that taking things on

going fast, they become shorter and us at times into inconsistencies that faith rather than proving them is more massive—they change shape and we do not understand, and where we usually taken as characteristic of realso weigh more. Even time moves at must recognize that we have missed ligion and as distinguishing religion

a different rate; if we send a clock some crucial ideas. We simply admit from science. But faith is essential to

off at a high velocity, it runs slower. and accept the paradoxes and hope that science too, although we do not so

This peculiar behavior of time is the sometime in the future they will be generally recognize the basic need and origin of the famous catkitten conresolved by a more complete undernature of faith in science.

ceptual experiment. Take a litter of six standing. In fact, by recognizing these Faith is necessary for the scientist

kittens and divide them into two paradoxes clearly and studying them, even to get started, and deep faith is groups. Keep three of them on earth; we can perhaps best understand the necessary for him to carry out his

send the other three off in a rocket limitations in our thinking and correct tougher tasks. Why? Because he must

at a speed nearly as fast as light, and them. have confidence that there is order in

64 Improvement Era Ride The Hot One

<mm:-

Hottest Brand Going 1968 Continental Oil Company

Ride The Hot One...CONOCO...

for top quality products and service throughout the Rockies!

When you Ride The Hot One... you ride with the best... in everything

from high performance gasolines and AllSeason Super motor oil, to the latest in maps and Touraide travel information at your Conoco dealer's.

Add carefree enjoyment to your travels through America's scenic wonderland... when you RIDE THE HOT ONE...CONOCO...HOTTEST BRAND GOING

February 1968 65 of his life looking for a unity between gravitational and electromagnetic fields.

Many physicists feel that he was on

Most important the wrong track, and no one yet knows whether he made any substantial progress. But he had faith in a great

scientific discoveries vision of unity and order, and he worked intensively at it for 30 years or more. Einstein had to have the kind

HELP!.are closely akin of dogged conviction that could have

This is when your insurance man allowed him to say with Job, "Though for has to go to work y ou. To make

I trust in him."will, sure he sure he's he slay me, yet will make now

an independent insurance agent. to revelation For lesser scientists, on lesser

is His job to serve you first when help indeprojects, there are frequent occasions you need most. We're

pendent agents. Call us any time. when things just don't make sense, and

making order and understanding out of one's work seems almost hopeless.

But still the scientist has faith that there is order to be found, and that the universe and that the human mind either he or his colleagues will some-

J. GRANT HEBER & day find it. CO.—in fact, his own mind—has a good City Salt Lake General Agents,

chance of understanding this order. Another common idea about the

Without this confidence, there would difference between science and be little point in intense effort to try religion is based on their methto understand a presumably disorderly ods of discovery. Religion's discoveries

or incomprehensible world. Such a often come by great revelations.

world would take us back to the days Scientific knowledge comes by logical of superstition, when man thought deductions, or by the accumulation of capricious forces manipulated his unidata that are analyzed by established verse. In fact, it is just this faith in an methods in order to draw generalizaLOOK BETTER orderly universe, understandable to tions called laws. But such a deman, that allowed the basic change scription of scientific discovery is aFEEL BETTER from an age of superstition to an age travesty on the real thing. Most of the

about very differently and are muchLAST LONGER ofscientificscienceprogress.and has made possible our important scientific discoveries come

The necessity of faith in science is more closely akin to revelation. The

reminiscent of the description of reterm itself is generally not used for LIVE MORE ligious faith attributed to Constantine: scientific discovery, since we are in

"I believe so that I may know."But the habit of reserving revelation for theABUNDANTLY such faith is now so deeply rooted in religious realm. In scientific circles

the scientist that most of us never stop one speaks of intuition, accidental

Lyman's to think that it is there at all. discovery, or simply that someone had

idea. a wonderful explicit Einstein a rather affords Vitamins & Minerals

in order, If we compare how great scientific of faith of example and many may help you his contributions come from intuitive ideas arrive, we see that they all look turn the trick devotion to a particularly appealing remarkably like religious revelation type of order. One of his famous reviewed in a nonmystical way.

Don Lyman, 2431 Highland Drive. marks is inscribed in German in Fine Think of Moses in the desert, long

Salt City, Lake Utah Please send Daily Supply Tablets, Hall at Princeton: "God is very subtle, troubled and wondering about the

postage free. but he is not malicious."That is, the problem of saving the children of

Israel, suddenly he had a revelaconstructed when that has may God Ouant.tvQuantity fU0Q50 tabletstab|etg $Lg5$8.95 world

difficult bush. the burning intricate by to tion for us and be very Name

understand, but it is not arbitrary and Consider some of the revelations of

Address illogical. Einstein spent the last half the New Testament.

City State Zip A 66 Improvement Era.

m *&$&*&*,:.-- Think of Gautama Buddha, who What

traveled and inquired for years in an effort to understand what was goodand then one day sat down quietly does under a Bo tree where his great ideas were revealed. Similarly, the scientist, after hard silence

work and much emotional and intellectual commitment to a troublingproblem, sometimes suddenly sees the look answer. Such ideas much more often

come during offmoments than while confronting data. ike?

A striking and wellknown example is the discovery of the benzene ring by

Kekule, who, while musing at his fireside, was led to the idea of a vision Silence is a Bigolow carpet called tightly woven to take the constant wear

Cordridge'!"of feet for years and years.

of snakes taking their tails in their It absorbs floor sound and creates Bigelow has or can customcreate mouths. an atmosphere of hushed serenity. the perfect carpet to suit every type of

We cannot yet describe the huCordridge has a beautifully dischurch or auxiliary building.

man process that leads to the creatinctive tree bark texture in any of sixAs America's most experienced tion of an important and substantially teen colors. Its special design adapts carpetmaker we've done it since 1825.

handsomely to the decor of today's new scientific insight. But it is clear new Mormon church buildings.

that the great scientific discoveries, its 100% Bigelow Approved conthe real leaps, do not usually come tinuous filament nylon pile is dense and Bigelow from the socalled "scientific method,"but rather more as did Kekule's—perhaps with less picturesque imagery,

but by revelations that are just as

real.

Another aspect of the difference between science and religion is based on the notion that religious ideas depend only on faith and revelation, while science succeeds in actually proving its points. In this view, proofs give toscientific ideas a certain kind of absoWILE

lutism and universalism that religious ideas have only in the claims of their proponents. But the actual nature of

scientific "proof"is rather different from such simple ideas.

Mathematical or logical proof involves choice of some set of postulates, which hopefully are consistent with one another and which apply to a situation of interest. In the case of

natural science, they are presumed to apply to the world around us.

Then, on the basis of agreedon laws

logic,of which be assumed, must one Sheilah Graham derivecan or the conse- "prove"quences of these sets of postulates. pokes around Hollywood's heaven

How can we be sure the postulates and peeks in on the stars. It's gossip

5we admit it... But isn't it fun reading?..

DESERET NEWS February 1968 67 Tourific!

are satisfactory? The mathematician been tested and judged through the

Godel has shown that in the most ages by the experience of societies and * HAWAII *< generally used mathematics, it is fundaof individuals. Is there any great

mentally impossible to know whether need for them to be more absolute or not the set of postulates chosen are than the law of gravity? The latter is a * MEXICO w-k

even selfconsistent. Only by conworking hypothesis whose basis and

know. But we of permanency set a do not structing we and using new

5 weeks 'y s to in risk daily our belief our lives on contest the master postulates can we * EUROPE i6 fromda $275 (from New York) sistency of the first set. But these in it, as well as on many other complex

* TEXAS HEMISFAIR turnwithoutmaythe bepossibilitylogicallyof ourinconsistentknowing scientificSciencehypotheses.usually deals with problems

it. Thus we never have a real base that are so much simpler and situations

from which we can reason with surety. that are so much more easily con- * PALMYRA PAGEANT

Godel doubled our surprises by showing trollable than does religion. The quan-

* ALASKA ADVENTURE that,there inarethisalwayssame mathematicalmathematical realm,truths titativewith whichdifferencewe can testin thehypothesesdirectnessin that fundamentally cannot be proved sciences and religion generally hides

For all travel and ticketing arrangements by the approach of normal logic. His the logical similarities that are there.

important proofs came only about three A controlled experiment on religious decades ago, and have profoundly afideas is perhaps not at all possible, rely for primarily evidence on logic. we and INC. TRAVEL fected view our of human <T 110 East 2nd South history expe"ience. personal and human is which we another way by There

Salt City. Lake Utah

become convinced that a scientific idea But certain aspects of natural science or postulate is valid. In the natural and the extension of science into social

Ogden, 3994587 St. George, 6733136

Logan 2456584 Idaho Falls, 5222581 sciences, we prove it by making some sciences have also required similar use

Mesa 9645283 kind of test of the postulate against of experience and observation in testing experience. We devise experiments to hypotheses.

test our working hypotheses, and beSuppose now that we were to accept lieve that those laws or hypotheses are completely the proposition that science correct that seem to agree with our and religion are essentially similar.

experience. Such tests can disprove Where does this leave us, and where

a hypothesis, or can give us useful does it lead us? Religion can, I believe,

confidence in its applicability and corprofit from the experience of science, rectness, but they can never prove in where the hard facts of nature and any absolute sense. the tangibility of evidence have beaten

Canviewedreligiousas workingbeliefshypotheses,also be intokind ourhas thinkingoften resisted.some ideas that manto be tested and validated by First, we must recognize the tentaexperience? To some this may seem a tive nature of knowledge. Our present

secular and even an abhorrent view. understanding of science or of religion

In any case, it discards absolutism in is likely, if it agrees with experience, to religion. But I see no reason why continue to have an important degree

acceptance of religion on this basis of validity just as does Newtonian should be objectionable. The validity mechanics. But there may be many

of religious ideas must be and has deeper things that we do not yet know

Intoxication Ideas will intoxicate,

If swallowed fast and taken straight; By Paul Will cause a kind of pressure pain,

Armstrong Infused into an empty brain;

In a Gold Medallion home, And some would claim it more than fiction everything's electric includThat frequent use may cause addiction.

ing the heat.

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

68 Improvement Era and that, when discovered, may modify fuzzy analogies of complementarity as our thinking in very basic ways. it is known in science, or they may inWe must also expect paradoxes, and deed be valid, though still poorly

not be surprised or unduly troubled by defined, occurrences of the uncertainty "We must expect them. We know of paradoxes in principle. But in any case, we should

physics, such as that concerning the expect such occurrences and be forenature of light, which have been rewarned by science that there will be paradoxes, solved by deeper understanding. We fundamental limitations to our knowing

know of some that are still unresolved. everything at once with precision and

In the realm of religion, we are consistency. and not be surprised

troubled by the suffering around us Finally, if science and religion are and its apparent inconsistency with a so broadly similar, and not arbiGod of love. Such paradoxes contrarily limited in their domain, they or unduly troubled

fronting science do not usually destroy should at some time clearly converge.

our faith in science. They simply re- I believe this confluence is inevitable,

mind us of a limited understanding, for they both represent man's efforts by them."

and at times they provide a key to to understand his universe and must learning more. ultimately be dealing with the same

Perhaps in the realm of religion substance. As we understand more in

there will be cases of the uncertainty each realm, the two must grow toprinciple, which we now know as such gether. Perhaps by the time this

a characteristic phenomenon of physconvergence occurs, science will have earth, is largely an unnecessary quesics. If it is fundamentally impossible been through a number of revolutions tion. The two descriptions are equivato determine accurately both the posias striking as those that have occurred lent, according to general relativity,

tion and velocity of a particle, it should in the last century and will have taken although the first is simpler. And yet

not surprise us if similar limitations on a character not readily recognizable we honor Galileo for his pioneering occur in other aspects of our experiby scientists of today. Perhaps our courage and determination in deciding

ence. This opposition in the precise religious understanding will also have what he really thought was right and

determination of two quantities is also seen progress and change. But conspeaking out. This was important to

referred to as complementarity; posiverge they must, and through this his own integrity and to the develoption and velocity represent compleshould come new strength for both. ment of the scientific and religious

mentary aspects of a particle, only one In the meantime, with tentative unviews of the time.

of which can be measured precisely at derstanding, uncertainty, and change, The authority of religion seemed any one time. how can we live gloriously and act more crucial in Galileo's Italy than it

Nils Bohr has already suggested that decisively today? It is this problem, I usually does today, and science

perception of man and his physical suspect, that has so often tempted man seemed more fresh and simple. We

constitution represents this kind of to insist that he has final and ultimate tend to think of ourselves as now more complementarity. That is, the precise truth locked in some particular phrasesophisticated, and of both science and

and close examination of the atomic ology or symbolism, even when the religion as more complicated, so that makeup of man may of necessity blur phraseology may mean a hundred our position can be less clearcut. Yet

our view of him as a living and spiritual different things to a hundred different if we accept the assumption of either being. In any case, there seems to be people. How well we are able to science or religion, that truth exists,

no justification for the dogmatic posicommit our lives to ideas that we surely each of us should undertake the tion taken by some that the remarkable recognize in principle as only tentative same kind of task as did Galileo, or phenomenon of individual human perrepresents a real test of mind and as did Gautama long before him. For

sonality can be expressed completely in emotions. ourselves and for mankind, we must

terms of the presently known laws of Galileo espoused the cause of use our best wisdom and instincts, the behavior and molecules. Justice and Copernicus'theory of the solar system evidence of history and wisdom of the

love may also represent such compleat great personal cost because of the ages, and the experience and revelamentarity. A completely loving apchurch's opposition. We know today tions of our friends and heroes in order

proach and the simultaneous meting that the question on which Galileo to get as close as possible to truth out of exact justice hardly seem took his stand, -the correctness of and meaning. Furthermore, we must

consistent. the idea that the earth rotates around be willing to live and act on our

These examples are only somewhat the sun rather than the sun around the conclusions. O

February 1968 69 Long and lonely are the days, To those who search to find will come.

And dark and empty are the their God. This is the hardest part of all,

nights. For they will merit their reThe work we have is long and And there are those who heed us ward

hard not—For heeding not our joyous

As we attempt to spread the Who don't believe tve have this word.

light call—

Of truth and happiness abroad, Whom, we must warn of what But where are those of Israel

Who search to find the upward path'?

Where shall we find, those chosen, few Richard L. Evans Who seek to parry Justice's

The Spoken Word wrath With kindly, golden, selfless deeds To satisfy another's needs?

The cycle of our worries For to these people we are sent, cycle of our moods and worries is puzzling at times. The same But they are hidden—hard toThetroubles and difficulties that worry us at one time do not so much find—

worry us at another. The same problems that cause sleeplessness And we more often speak to

at one time do not seem so much to do so at another. The change is often those -

in us, more than in external events. A physical symptom, concern about

a loved one, concern about ourselves may run from optimism to deep depression with about the same set of circumstances, except within ourselves. When we worry we are less efficient; we contribute to the

cause and slow down the cure. Whatever the cause, we should do what

we can do, and not just brood and wonder and hope our worry will go away. If we are young and worrying about the future, we should

study and prepare and make ourselves as competent as we can. If our

worry comes from a troubled conscience, we should repent, be prayerful, cultivate a simple faith, and keep the commandments. Whatever

our worries, we should not brood in the dark. Darkness is dangerous.

It is physically, mentally, emotionally dangerous. We should take our

worries out and look at them in the light, separate facts from fears, think things through, and not imagine the worst on a sleepless night.

"Life is thickly sown with thorns,"said Voltaire, "and I know no other remedy than to pass quickly through them. The longer we dwell on our

misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us."All men have down

days, discouraging days, difficulties and depression. Countless people

have conquered, have overcome, have picked up broken pieces, or have gone on even when there weren't many pieces to pick up. We

need faith and facts and good plain common sense to lift us from the down days and the darkness, remembering that discouragement and depression often come from the distortion of darkness. This sentence

from Marcus Aurelius is oversimplified, but since worry is often caused by doing nothing about something we should be doing, for many situations it has within it something of real substance: "I do my duty,"he

1said; "other things trouble me not."

'The Philosophy of Marcus Aurelius, XII i.

#"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Broadcasting System November 26, 1967. Copyright 1967.

70 Improvement Era With spirits beaming, good and But I remember they are given But of the words I give to them, kind, Agency with which to choose I testify as to their truth.

Who seek not for a better way, Those things which they most For on the final judgment day

But close their minds to what want to have I want to stand ivithout reproof;

iv e say. And also those they want to lose. That I may hear the ivords,

For to each person it is given "Well done!

Oh, the aching in my heart! To choose the role he ivants in Come thou and live with me,

Oh, the agony of mind!—heaven. my son. O

When I see the blinding wall Before these people—good, and,

kind—Which blocks from them the glowing vision They could see if they would listen! Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word If only I could give to them A moment's view of what I see!

If only I could raise in them A moment's hope that they could Humor on high and low levels be is essential to a full and happy life. It is a reliever and A being on a higher plane, Humorrelaxer of pressure and tension, and the saving element in many

With glory which would never wane l situations. But there are different kinds of humor, prompted by

different spirits, some sincere, some unacceptable. There is delightful,

The Call wholesome humor that heals and helps the spirit and gives a lift to life.

By Geary R. Younce There is giddy, trivial humor that produces lightminded laughter—the

allbut-vacant and inconsequential kind that comes with little content, little cause. There is evil humor, grim humor, humor that embarrasses,

and humor that is cruel, unkind. There is humor that is unclean, and

that has no place among considerate people or in decent society. There

is an account of a man who cautioned a speaker against telling offcolor stories, because, said he, "There are ladies present"—to which someone

added the observation that there were also gentlemen present. The

assumption that something suggestive, lowminded, or unclean is all right in one kind of audience but not in another is a questionable assumption. Anything filthy or basically unclean is wrong in any audience.

One of the frequent and unfortunate mistakes that some speakers and performers and masters of ceremonies make is assuming that they should degrade themselves and their audience with suggestive, unclean storiesstories that are filthier than they are funny, to the embarrassment of every decentminded person. Even when suggestive and unclean humor

gets a laugh, it is more likely the laugh of embarrassment, rather than of genuine amusement: embarrassment for the poor judgment of him who

has gone so far as to forget decency and good taste; for him who goes

below the level of what is clean, to what is supposedly clever even if unclean. We lower our own level and contribute to the downpull of

young and impressionable people when we inject unclean, lowminded humor into any part of any proceedings, in public or in private. We

may well be grateful for the man of clean mind, and for the gift and blessing of kindly, wholesome humor, which adds a wonderful lift

to life.

*'The Spoken Word"from TempleSquare, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Broadcasting System November 12, 1967. Copyright 1967.

February 1968 71 The LDS Scene

Guatemala Seminary

Brother Alan Baldizon of the Guatemala Stake instructs youth in one of two early morning seminary classes organized in the Guatemala Stake. Stake President Udine

Falabella teaches the other class. More than

40 LDS youth attended classes in Book of Mormon this past year. Greater numbers are expected in

the present school year, which began in January and continues until October.

Temple Square Lighting Interstate Commerce U.S. government, regulates

For the third straight year, Temple Square was aglow Commissioner interstate transportation with over 100,000 colorful Christmas lights, which drew and commerce in the large crowds of visitors during the Christmas season. Grant E. Syphers has been United States.

Thousands of tiny globes lit up every limb, branch, and appointed by President twig in a wide circle of wintering sycamores, maples, Lyndon B. Johnson as a

box elders, birches, and pines. A tableau of scenes of commissioner on the

the Nativity was also well received by visitors, as Interstate Commerce were huge reproductions of paintings on the life of Christ, Commission. Brother

which were placed near the center walkway. Inside Syphers, new resident of

the Tabernacle, performances of the opera "Amahl and the Fairfax (Virginia) Ward, the Night Visitors"were presented for several nights to formerly resided in West capacity crowds. Some 63 television stations throughout Arcadia (California) Ward.

the U.S. carried a special 30minute color presentation The Interstate Commerce

of "Christmas on Temple Square,"which featured Commission, oldest the lighting, the Nativity display, and the Tabernacle Choir. regulatory commission in

72 Improvement Era Polynesian Center Educational BY High School to Close

Director Post After 92 years of service, the Brigham Young High

Lawrence Haneberg of Dr. Earl C. Crockett, and Elementary School will discontinue operation at the

Honolulu, Hawaii, has been academic vicepresident of end of the current 1968 school year. Originally a

named vicepresident and Brigham Young University, part of Brigham Young Academy, the school had as its general manager of the has been reelected purpose the training of student teachers. However,

Church's Polynesian Cultural chairman of the high comincreasing numbers of students in education have long

Center in Laie, Hawaii. mission of the Northwest required the placement of BYU studentteachers in

Brother Haneberg, formerly Association of Secondary and districts throughout Utah and surrounding states.

a member of the Honolulu Higher Schools for two BY High students, in the center hallway

Stake presidency, has a additional years. It is only between classes, swarm in front of a trophy case loaded

strong family heritage the second time in the with evidence of their triumphs over the years.

in Hawaii. His grandfather organization's history that

was an early Hawaiian a chairman has been sugar planter and coreelected. The association is

founder of Clorox Chemical the official accrediting 'Company. Brother Haneagency for universities,

berg will coordinate colleges, and high schools management of the six in Montana, Utah, Idaho, authentic villages—Hawaiian, Washington, Oregon, Nevada,

Tongan, Samoan, Maori, and Alaska. In 1964,

Tahitian, and Fijian Dr. Crockett served as acting

that make up the famed president of Brigham tourist center. Young University.

Distinguished Service

Award

LeRoy R. Stevens, president Sao Paulo Exhibit

of Stevens Henager Business College and member of Bishop Helio da Rocha Camargo of the Sao Paulo (Brazil) the Monument Park (Salt Second Ward explains the importance of religion to

Lake City) 15th Ward, has Jose de Almeida Leite, head of Sao Paulo's department received the distinguished of culture and education, at the opening of the service award of the Brazilian Mission's pavilion at the Lapa Municipal Library.

United Business Schools At the request of officials, the exhibit was shown in all

Association. The association North and South America, 13 of Sao Paulo's municipal libraries. Much praise was

has a membership of representing enrollment of received for the exhibit's high quality and its message more than 500 schools in over 200,000 students. of love and peace.

February 1968 73 November 1967

presidencies: President stake ( New The Church A/loves On

William and counselors P. Barnes

Reed M. Nielsen and Howard E. Gibson

in the Lost River (Idaho) Stake; President Richard L. Warner and counselors

Richard J. Marshall and Graham W.

Doxey in the University First (Salt Lake

City) Stake; President Douglas J. MarRichard L. Evans tin and counselors C. Sydney Shepherd

and Albert M. Kewene in Hamilton (New

The Spoken Word Zealand) Stake.

Hamilton South (New Zealand) Stake

Thanks: for the organization and was organized from parts of Hamilton

operation of the earth Stake by Elder Thomas S. Monson of

the Council of the Twelve and Presiconsidering things to be thankful for, there is this we often take for dent Paul H. Dunn of the First Council

Ingranted: the organization and operation of the earth. "What would of the Seventy. Sustained as president

this life of ours be like,"asked one writer, "if Chance ruled our was Harry S. Peckham, with Larry R.

destinies? If, for instance—Autumn might or might not succeed SumOler and Raymond W. Ritchie as counmer, Spring might or might not follow Winter. A weary world that selors. This is the 445th stake now

would truly be... left to the buffeting of an unknown yet allpervading functioning.

caprice."1 What if there were no air of the right kind in the right

quantity, renewing itself for our sustenance; or water, which we some- [Elder Chris Russell Sampson, 20,

times thoughtlessly pollute or waste away; or heat and cold within the serving in the Florida Mission, was

right range; or soil and all the processes by which it produces; the sun, killed in an automobile accident at West

the seasons, the renewal of spring, the growing of summer, the harvest Palm Beach, Florida. His home was

of autumn, the dormancy of winter, the endless products and proviApple Gate, California. His companion,

dence of the mountains, the sea, the fields, the forests. "Why should Elder Steven Thomas Olsen of Monroe,

they be a matter of course? What have I, or you, what has any man Utah, was injured in the same mishap.

done that earth should glow with beauty,... should hang... fruit upon His injuries are not considered serious.

the bending boughs...? Surely... we might... be ready with thankful recognition of a bounty that... has gone on supplying [man's] needs Texas North Stake was organized

through the... ages of the past, and supplies them still."1 And not only by Elder Richard L. Evans of the

for the physical organization of the earth, but for loved ones, for life Council of the Twelve and Elder Berthe purpose, the mystery, the miracle of it, the birth of a babe, which nard P. Brockbank, Assistant to the

gives added reason for the reality of eternal continuance, the renewal Twelve. Sustained were President

of resurrection; for it is no greater miracle to have life everlasting than Franklin S. Gonzalez and counselors

to have life here and now. And so, gratefully we acknowledge the John M. Anderson and Milton L. Pierce.

infinite mind of our Maker, and gratefully ought to offer our tithes This is the 446th stake now functioning.

and offerings, and earnestly consistent service, in thanks for all that

God has given, and keep his commandments in remembrance of the A collection of Egyptian papyri, love and providence and purpose of the Creator, the God and Father once owned by the Prophet Joseph of us all, the organizer and operator of heaven and earth, without whom Smith, was given to the Church by the all these things would not be so. Thank God for all this: for life and Metropolitan Museum of Art in New

what sustains it, for loved ones that make it meaningful, for faith and York City. (See the January Era.)

purpose and continuance, always and forever. Thank God for all of

this—and much, much more. Perth (Australia) Stake, 447th now

i functioning, was organized under 1"The Thankful Month,"Lewis's Magazine, the direction of Elder Thomas S. Monson of the Council of the Twelve and

Square, over presented from Temple Word""The Spoken* KSL and the Columbia Bishop Robert L. Simpson of the CopyrightBroadcasting 1967. 1967. 19, November System

74 Improvement Era Kodak Film DEVELOPING Presiding Bishopric. Donald W. Cumthe Council of the Twelve and Elder

mings was sustained as president, with Sterling W. Sill, Assistant to the Twelve. u

Leslie E. Williams and Derek A. Edwards It was taken from the Reseda and toas counselors. Canoga Park stakes, and is the 448th SAVE p50%

stake functioning. Sustained now were FAST, CONVENIENT President and counJohn Lyman Ballif

December 1967 selors Lloyd S. Moffit and Noal T. QUALITY SERVICE

Greenwood.

New stake presidencies: President New stake presidencies: President

Robert W. Barker and counselors Dennis K. Myers and counselors Reed

June B. Thane and Wendell G. Eames, V. Langlois and Grant V. Bunderson in B"

Washington (D.C.) Stake; President the San Diego South (California) Stake; COLOR

Richard P. Shumway and counselors President Robert D. Orme and counArden L. Rowley and Dean B. Farnsselors Horace E. Hess and Vincent A. K0DAC0L0R

worth, Orem West (Utah) Stake; PresiBirch in the Yellowstone (Idaho) Stake. Developing and SUPER SIZE Prints

dent Stephen L Van Wagener and 8 Exposure Rolls:...$2.55 Save 77*

. Rolls: $1.48 Save $3.00 12 Exposurecounselors Dean O. Peck and Samuel The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir D

. Save Reprints Negs: from $.20 ea. 9f

L. Hamilton, North Sacramento (Calipresented its 2,000th weekly radio Super Size Prints are 4x4 with 50% Greater

fornia) Stake; President Clive V. Tenney network program. Picture Area

and counselors E Craig Harper and KODACHRQME or EKTACHROME

Joseph C. Price, San Diego (California) President David 0. McKay attended Developed into Slides or Movie Film

East Stake. the annual Christmas meeting of 35 mm, 20 Mounted Slides:

General Authorities and employees of $1.35 Save75f

35 mm, 36 Mounted Slides: Multicolored lights—more than the Church Administration Building.

100,000 of them—were turned on The meeting also honored the birth of Super 8 Cartridge or 8 mm$2.40MovieSaveRoll:$1.00

at Temple Square this evening, highthe Prophet Joseph Smith. The Presi- $1.35 Save 75?

lighting other decorations and scenes dent's message was read by a son, on Temple Square, all heralding the General Superintendent David LawBLACK & WHITE coming Christmas season. rence McKay of the Sunday Schools. Developing and Jumbo Prints

8 Exposure Rolls:.. $.85 Save 51 1

Simi Stake, named for a ward and A total of 63 television stations 12 Exposure Rolls:.. $1.00 Save 88e

a geographical location in CaliLAI are carrying a special 30minute 20 Exposure Rolls:.. $1.35 Save $1.45

fornia, was organized under the direccolor presentation of "Christmas on 36 Exposure Rolls:.. $2.00 Save $2.72

tion of Elder Howard W. Hunter of Temple Square"this year. GENEALOGY PHOTOS

n Negatives from old photos:

$.60 Save40f

A Warning On Cumorah's crest, the Prophet lay, n Prints from negatives: $.08 Save At

bathed red in the a fatal day. set of

By Kenneth Great his raised hand Mormon and cried, inINSTRUCTIONS:name and addressCheck belowyour order Wrapaboveentireandformfill

W. G. Catran "This day a faithless people died. around your exposed film and include in heavy

duty envelope along with your remittance No "Once proud and fair, a joy to behold, C.O.D.'spay returnpleasepostage Minimum You receiveorder:full$1.00credit Wefor

with cities of stone, and spires of gold. anyUtah unprintableresidents addnegatives3V2% Stateor anySalesoverpayment.Tax. Alas! They forsook their Christian zeal

and now lie dead 'neath a heathen heel. NAME (PLEASE PRINT:

"A savage stalks the fruitful land ADDRESS with flaming torch in upraised hand.

ZIP STATE not But 'twas his painted him with face CITY

Check Mailer Envelopes at no that race. spelt thy doom, charge if you want Film O wayward

"A Tower of Babel toithin the mind YOU MUST BE SATISFIED OR YOUR brought to an end my Nephite kind. MONEY WILL BE PROMPTLY REFUNDED

They would not heed their God on high MAIL TODAY TO and so are sprawled 'neath a darkening sky.'

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1115, Dept. X, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

February 1968 75 cause these men belong to the Church, thousands of years of western civilization

it Sister and adopted, not to Savage written was be and changed the than proby other Grove, Buffs what they say isBrotherCottageChurch policy. in writing the U.S. Constitution, but once means Oregon

vided. and I thoroughly that convinced our am the even—members of

is a divine writdocument, official representatives—are Church of tenConstitution raised for by that men up by God Rebuffs Congressmentheir constituents only, themselves and

and not of the Church. Their viewpoints very purpose.

were clearly labeled personal, and as such William H. Edwards

were published for the interest and stimuPhoenix, Arizona lation of Era readers.

"Morals and Politics..."

LDS Congressmen Two and a Half Years Later The column "Morals and Politics in International Life"( November ) appears

In October and November you ran the In a belated reading of "Neither Purse to me to be out of harmony both with congressmen. viewpoints of LDS

against this. nothing sonally, we have PerWe norHomerSword"Durham,(Augustconcerning1965) theby U.S.Dr. Su-G. montionsthe scripturesof ourandmodernwith theprophets.repeated, adlike Court, not I could are preme disagree which Church with members to know of the separating philosophy moHad

this that I believe serving their views in Congress, it more. idea of and what I five rality politics feel observed, from been

are. However, recently we have heard men out of nine being able to flout the sure we would never have had our

speakers in Church using quotations plain intent of the legislators is going to Declaration of Independence or our Confrom these congressmen, and indicating be the ruin of our constitutional republic stitution.

that these quotations represent the if it is not curbed. If the philosophy of the article were

Church's stand on certain issues. For These officials are sworn to "protect, projected, it would appear that we should

instance, we know from study that the uphold, and defend"the Constitution. surrender to the Communists once they

population explosion is not the worst Also, the comparison of the evolution of were demonstrably superior to us from a problem we have. Rather, Communism the body of the law in Rome and Britain military standpoint. I think we should

is our worst problem. We know that the with the U.S. is not valid because the die first!

purpose of the articles was good, but former two did not have a rigid, written W. Vaughn Ellsworth

some people take for granted that beconstitution. True, we drew heavily on Mesa, Arizona

THE LEADING L.D.S. FUNERAL DIRECTORS OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

Rulon H. Cheney Every L.D.S. service personally arMelvin P. Randall

VicePresident ranged, supervised and directed by Associate 3822875 these leading L.D.S. Funeral Directors. 2941025

A staff of 12 competent L.D.S.

men and women to assist you.

Regardless of where you own cemetery property, call Pierce Brothers for "THE PERFECT TRIBUTE"Los Angeles, Phone 213749-4151

More Latterday Saint families call

R. ReidWallace Lowell J. Campbell

Associate 8383956 PIERCE21 CONVENIENT NEIGHBORHOODBROTHERSMORTUARIES 2541212 Associate

e a u FOOD STORAGE SECRETS ofyo MUSIC rcsg t / Earn While feature all sizes of steel We fiberboard containers for food storand B6fcfcyttttl. fc;m n\ Gay Lee ExquisiteShowing

age.

Lingerie of Modesty THIS MONEYSAVING WAY You can a consultant be Teach VES! yourself Piano, Guitar,

in stake, your and have if SPECIAL ANY don't you exciting in an instrument—even career the

a know note now! Famous 5-gallon lined proven pails New can be field growing fashion. of

it Course makes easy A-B-C. as Play nested for shipping. Call write: $1.98 or

actual right pieces away. FREE BOOK. South 2511 West Temple filled. Mail orders Inquiries for other U.S. OF MUSIC, SCHOOL Salt City, Lake Utah 4862359 sizes welcomed. Studio, Port 1202 Washington, Y. N. 11050

AMERICAN BARREL CO. (FM. 1898 Lie. N.V. Slots Ed. Dcpt.) Tear out a,l

49 So. 5th West, Salt Lake City, Utah

76 Improvement Era LDS BOOKS AND RECORDS 15% CASH SAVINGS ON OVER 500 SELECTIONS 20% savings on selected titles

We Won't Strike Catalog and details on how to obtain your LDS books and records at a savings will be included with your selections when you order.May I express my thanks to all concerned FREE sent upon request; they

this of the Era. publicationwith the From $5.90 DOCTRINE "Book LAND MORMON PROMISED I I OUR kick. get quite awonderful magazine postage R. Bruce McConkie for by Stories of + Mormon of to truelove the read Church about Girls"Boys and Christ. SinceJesus to introduced being LDS RECORDS AND $1.80 OTHER BOOKS Barton by Musig Marie + postage reccarry LDS of all and booksthe Peter, son We Church by 95% home my my (reg. $2.25)

in this included in print; not those ords ad intohas a transformed been happy now

one. No words can really express the RECORD ALBUM—BOOK OF are available at their regularly advertised

wonderful work the young elders do MORMON STORIES FOR price less 15% (+ postage).

here. sincerity of hard The and work $15.96 CHILDREN HIS ORIGIN AND MAN postage is of thethese—records above boys very moving. book + $3.20 DESTINY

(reg. Sister Barton by $19.95) I felt that back Sometime I was reFielding Smith Joseph by, + postage

jected not family only but by by my (reg. $4.00) FOR MAY MAN KNOW intoeveryone with con- I came whom HIMSELF $4.21 TABERNACLE CHOIR ALBUMStact. I look those back years on Now postage Pres. by David O. McKay savings) cash $4.33 (25% to myself,and say of a waste "What

(reg. $4.95) (reg. Stereo or monaural $5.78) + postage still Iyears."lonely. alone not but am

The love of our Heavenly Father, health, POSTAGE Residents of Arizona add 3 percent sales happiness, blessings tax. of the are and God United per States 10c send $3.00worth than more money. LDS MAILBOX BOOKSTORE (Ex. or order thereof. portion $1.90 I offer to thanks coneveryone May my

All P. For- 0. St. S. 10c; Hobson order order 20c) Box 2454; $3.25 346

Icerned Era. the with no have comTel: Arizona Mesa, 9647061 85201, Countries eign per send 15c $3.00 it.plaints about please But don't you

portion. in or order Offer anywhere world good strikeget the (In bug. a our community

big strike is going on.) I can't help

wondering what would happen if our

Heavenly Father were to go on strike.

Mrs. Rosemary Morris Leamington, Pennsylvania ANNOUNCING

Ik MT value, cjisat mzn bu IStayed Up All Night THE NEW

Perhaps you that would like to know & tiiziz virtus, ana not uu tnE.ii

investigatorsone of our all stayed up lUCCEli..nightNow thatto readshe is thea memberEras weof theloanedChurch,her. Stcutdwd

she is passing them on to her friends to—(Loxnziiui. dV.hoi

enjoy. 3 3 3

Elder Jerry L. Blackburn MINIATURE FILMSTRIP New Town

Tasmania, Australia PROJECTOR DESEREI Life Among the Mormons 150 WATT LAMP series "LifeThe poetic the MorAmong AIR COOLED 0E17UAEY in themons"of an has Era""End been outstanding in its frankness, good humor, $39.50

and incisive truth and accuracy. I find MODEL 333-C THOUGHT FOR THE MONTH

it much in the tradition of some of the CUT OUT & ADD TO YOUR COLLECTION folk songs, I lived in Cottonlike "Once $59.50

the nineteenth centurywood,"in which Just Published

Latterday Saint pioneer didn't hesitate Model 333-C is a to satirize the foibles of those both low filmstrip/slide proand high. After all, though the gospel jector with a choice is perfect, no single one of us is. of regular or stanHow 88,648

Robert W. Donigan dard slide changer. Logan, Utah LIFETIME GUARANTEE! Heavy Smokers

Compartmentalized Saint Designed and built specifically to meet church, educational and industrial reStopped Smoking

I would like to tell you how much I, and quirements. Compare—and you'll agree: NEW YORK—The AntiTobacco Center of

many more with me in our ward, liked feature for feature, dollar for dollar, America has just published a booklet which the twopart article "Parable of the ComStandard gives you more. explains how 88,648 heavy smokers (of whom

partmentalized Saint"( SeptemberOcto- many are physicians) have stopped smoking ber). In reading the part about exposing GEDRGE WEBB without straining their will power. This bookin in the contests, readbeauty and body is let free available of charge. All need you Spates (ompamj ing subject, Prophet's the the thoughts on

it, is to to to do, obtain send your and name to that there are various it came mind my SPECIALISTS AUDIOVISUAL to of address Center AntiTobacco The Amerpublications written about our Church PH. 4848567 SOUTH 3300 EAST ica, South, Dept. Park A-101-S, 276 Avenue these 937 of respected members, andby some

CITY, SALT 84106 LAKE UTAH is City, offer 10010. This York open publications articles carry even New favorable

and photographs of beauty queens who while the supply of these booklets lasts.

are LDS. Does this agree with Church

principles these and standards? Would OIL CO. TEXAS A Hoiomalic Water Gas left things not have been better out? Over Wants 40 Man #3 Heater need a short good man can who make deBoer We Bob all hot needed the Will water supply

trips for auto a at about a time. week We Baptistries, for Scarborough Church

willing are to earnings, pay to top up 20 450 Heats Rest GPH,Kitchens, Rooms. Ontario, Canada in for free rise Write temperature. in Regular a Plus Year $16,500 Cash Bonus Fiberglass heaters, folders on water

in parts of other Our top country men draw spires. Baptistries and Also

exceptional earnings. Contact customers Electric Heaters. Water

area. around mail confidential Air your letter CO. MFG. LITTLE GIANT

F. R. Dickerson, to Southwestern Petroleum Texas 7th Street, Orange, 907

Corp.. Forth Texas Worth. 76101.

February 1968 77 LDS FILMS AVAILABLE

Educational Media Services Herald R. Clark Building

Brigham Young University Provo, Utah 84601

Also Available at:

Chicago, Illinois San Francisco, California By Dr. G. Homer

Mount Vernon, New York Los Angeles, California Durham

Idaho Falls, Idaho President, Mesa, Arizona Arizona State University

Lethbridge, Alberta Deseret Book Company Film Department Morals constitute the concern (together with forgiveness) of 44 East South Temple for what is right and what is wrong. human frailty. His words, "Neither

Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 "Low"morals in common talk do I condemn thee: go, and sin

refer to standards or conduct on no more"(John 8:11), afford

one end of the scale. "High moral comfort. Few, aside from Jesus,

Pero thingsstandards"or conductgenerallyare onmeanthe rightthat everoften utterheardthem.for "themNor arewhichprayersdeside. Ordinary people usually say spitefully use you."(Matt. 5:44.)

a thing is good or bad. Public Nor is love displayed toward enefigures, politicians, teachers, mies. The Gospels tell us that

preachers, executive speechmakmoral conduct, right or wrong, is ers, however, usually talk about a matter of attitude—of the heart,

i:-r: THE NEW "morals."mind, and spirit, as well as the

$$&> NONCAFFEINE For some time we have been physical performance of the hand,

HOT in foot, crisis or that "the body; hearing about in order the to keep DRINKto nourishing way delicious and likeday startchildren Adults forA whole

grains. of wholesomeand thedelicious it in a ourselves morality,"state or "the of grace, new morality,"

fix just addthe flavorfamily.—

it andfawateryour boilingfor at too! Look to or helps forgiving stagnation,"be theSimpleserve!vorite merciful market.Economical,to "moral and so and

by Distributed forth. Generally speaking, in the to others, as a means of disciplinof public domain, the meanings ing our own feelings, conduct, and WORLD

FOODS JuillardFancy expressions. terms But the go undefined. Food such

Street Townsend 7th West 310 South2520

City. Calif. implication runs to the point that This leads to one thought as to Salt Lake Utah Francisco, San

Dealers Inquiries Welcome things are pretty bad and about what may be wrong in the present to get worse. It has gone this way world. It is that hardly anyone

CHURCH & throughout history. Moral concern takes time to read what Jesus

SCHOOL FURNITURE goes with the facts and acts of himself said and did. He continues FREE living. to be, in Bruce Barton's words, the

The moral teachings of Jesus, man nobody knows. If this wrongCATALOG Folding Chairs & Tables - as disclosed in the Four Gospels, could be righted, some of the

Stacking Chairs set forth the highest standards of other things, more often talked

Blackboards Lecterns about, toindividual improve. would social conduct, and

habit, with greatest of the sense, / gether Custom, and tradition.,..,.Immediate Hat &Delivery!Coat Racks TABLES!CHAIRS 1

compassion and understanding are more influential than the AdirondackI24-H Park Ave. So.; N.Y.C, 10010

Shipping Points—PITTSBURGH CHICAGO

BOSTON DALLAS ATLANTA LOS ANGELES

78 Improvement Era ATTENTION, "source material"found in the But, be of good cheer. Help CHOIR

Four Gospels. Despite the rise of exists—and is available. God hasliteracy and education, and the made man in such notable fashion CONDUCTORS!

physical presence of the Bible, that he may stumble through life Suggested LDS Choir Anthems our moral standards have been without taking too much conscious Abide With Me, 'Tis Eventide Gates M more firmly shaped by the onward advantage of the New Testament. All Glory, Laud and Honor Schreiner M

sweep of custom and tradition in Help comes in a volume called the AmericaAll in thetheAprilBeautifulEvening AsperRobertson MM civilization. Much of the energy Book of Mormon, wherein a good Awake! Arise! Stickles E

expended to uphold rightness or parentteacher named Lehi disBeautifulBless Ye theZion Lordfor Me IvanoffDaynes EE deter wrongness is aimed at closed to his son Jacob that "men Brother James Air Jacob M superficialities rather than basic are instructed sufficiently that Come,Come, ComeCome YeYe SaintsSaints CornwallRobertson MD human attitudes. For example, they know good from evil,"and For the Beauty of the Earth Davis M

long hair, beards, and sandals are that redemption "cometh in and GloryGod is toHolyGod EberleinKessel MM not in themselves wrong. Indeed, through the Holy Messiah; for he God So Loved the World Stainer E

they were badges of respectability is full of grace and truth. Behold, GospelStrength,Gives TheUnbounded Schreiner E

not so long ago. Nor is a neat, he offereth himself a sacrifice for Gospelof GodIs Truly the Power Schreiner M

wellgroomed look always the sin, to answer the ends of the law, He Watching Over Israel Mendelssohn M badge of moral virtue. Appearunto all those who have a broken HereHoly Cityin This House ArnoldHoworth MMD

ances are often deceiving. But the heart and a contrite spirit; and How Beautiful Upon the Harker MD

minds of men tend to see things unto none else can the ends of the I ShallMountainsNot Pass Again Effinger E in stereotype. law be answered."(2 Ne. 2:5-7.) This Way

An age that hears outcries Now, life has a way of bringing If CommandmentsYe Love Me, Keep My Carlbon M against statism, regimentation, about broken hearts and contrite Jerusalem,In My Father'sTurnHouseThee MacDermidGounod MM the evils of conformity, and the spirits. Thus, given man's moral Jesus, Name of Wondrous Love Titcomb M

virtues of individualism, tends to nature and life's experiences, the KingLet Notof YourLove MyHeartShepherdBe Is ShelleyFoster MD shudder at the least expression of outlook is really hopeful! For, as Troubled

individuality and individual difthe Book of Mormon teacher LetLo, UsMy OftShepherdSpeak IsKindDivineWords GatesHaydn MDE ference. Birds of a feather flock pointed out further to his son, Lo, What a Beauteous Rose Praetorius M

together. Any others tend to be "men are, that they might have LordLord BlessIs a YouMightyand God,Keep TheYou LutkinMendelssohn ME

ugly ducklings. A small town, joy."(2 Ne. 2:25.) Lord Hear Our Prayer Verdi MD

composed of singleminded, proIn conclusion, it may well be LordLord'sIs PrayerMy Shepherd, The GatesRichards MM fessed Christians, makes it diffiimportant to remark that the ethic Lord's Prayer Robertson MD cult for those of a different sect of "joy"introduced something MayMy RedeemerNow Thy SpiritLives TrehorneGates MM when the new factory brings quite novel into the Calvinist sysNow Let the Heavens Be Chambers M "strangers"to town. The message tem of morals, wherein the docNowJoyfulThank We All Our God Holler E

written large in the Four Gospels trine was announced in 1830 A.D. Now Thank We All Our God Bach M

goes unheeded. Fear of the unMen were supposed to be conBrotherCast ThyManBurden Upon AulbachRobertson EM

known pervades the atmosphere ceived in sin, to be born in sin, theCome,LordLet Us Worship Mendelssohn M until replaced by warm knowledge to live in sin, and to die as worms; God, Our Help in Ages Cornwall M

developed by cool minds. not eternal souls, born with moral PastLofty Mountains Cannon M

There is breakdown of law and sense ("instructed sufficiently"), 6 Loving Savior, Slain for Us Auber M order. Crimes of violence are on endowed with creative power, OnwardWorshipYe thePeopleKing CornwallSibelius MM

the increase. People are on the questing for knowledge and intelOpen Our Eyes Macfarlane D

increase. The moral crisis moves ligence in order to surmount PoorOpen Wayfaringthe Gates Man of Grief JenkinsDurham MM

ever onward, upward, and downexisting arrangements, moving Son of Man Robertson M ward. But the lessons basic to the toward progress. Still,Spirit Stillof GodWith Thee ShelleyNeidlinger MM

heart of the matter are rarely Well, things seem pretty bad Thanks to Thee, Lord Handel M heard. Checks are written for the sometimes. But there is comfort VerdantThat BlessedMeadowsEaster Morn CaldwellHandel ME

United Fund. Headlines about the in some of these things in these We Are Watchmen Schreiner MD

M Shaw Singing of a Voicelatest atrocity are read. But who times. Remember the key thought: With

indicate easy, E, Letters The M, MD and D has actually read the parables of Morals and moral concerns have medium, medium difficult, and difficult.

the Good Samaritan or the Prodifor their purpose not misery, but Average Price is 25c to 30c

It will of us act helpgal if more Son recently? And practiced joy!

it. Wj ftftyr/v}rtUUCif %/ really believe as ifor applied them? we o Ora"ToPatea Child"Stewart's %f4

or Solo Music Co Trio each 50c 83401 FALLS,O- BoxIDAHO2009 IDAHO P.

February 1968 79 End of an Era

The assignment was written A scientist rushed into the My son Robert, as a child, on the seminary control room of the missile center had a slight speech impediment that classroom blackboard: "Why do and announced a new he was quite sensitive

we need a Church?"discovery. "Gentlemen,"he about. When he was in the

All of the students began to shouted, "there are women fourth grade, his teacher told the write busily except one. on the moon. We just shot up class that Utah was settled by

He wrote a few words, then a communication rocket and pioneers who came, for turned to his mathematics got a busy signal!"the most part, from foreign countries.

book. The teacher, Then she told them

his temperature rising with each to ask their parents about the step, marched back to We have no excuse to err in nationalities of their forefathers.

him, his red pencil poised to our knowledge and understanding When I told Robert his mark 1VF"on the of right and wrong, ancestors were Danish, German, paper. Then he saw what the because God has marked out English, Scotch, and

boy had written: 'To keep the path, the straight Spanish, his face lit up. ''Well!"

the GO in the GOspel."and narrow way that leads to life he exclaimed. "No wonder I can't

L. talk plain!"—Mrs. Martha H.—Mrs. John S. Kelley, eternal.—Elder Delbert

Boise, Idaho Stapley Burton, Layton, Utah

Lawyer—"You say that A politician thinks of the

Can't Lose you were about 35 feet from the next election; a statesman of

By Elizabeth Whitney scene of the crime and the next generation. yet you can identify the defendant?—James Freeman Clarke,

// I have an umbrella Just how far can you see American clergyman

That's pretty and new clearly?"Witness: "Well, when

And leave it somewhere, I wake up in the

The result is "adieu."morning I can see the sun,

and they tell me that's If I leave this umbrella, 93 million miles away!"Oh, if it be to choose and call

Well in its decline, thee mine,

Someone's sure to come The best way I know of Love, thou art every day my running to win an argument is to start Valentine!

And ask if it's mine! by being in the right.—Thomas Hood, "For the

—Lord Hailsham Fourteenth of February"

"End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences relating to Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

80 Improvement Era RICKS COLLEGE An outstanding twoyear college owned and operated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Each student is special at Ricks College

Classes are small at Ricks College. Close Admission Requirements

personal relationships tielween professor an 1. --Graduate from an accredited high school.

student are the way of life. It's a way of life 2. Take the Americanx College Test (A.C.T.).

dominated by an a titude of friendliness and 3. Arrange for tiousing.

concern for others inspired by the common 4. All students are, welcome, and those who

bond of the gospel, It precipitates a wonderenroll are expected to maintain standards ful feeling, shared by student and faculty, consistent with the ideals of The Church that is fondly called "The Spirit of Ricks."of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

jt does it cost to attend Ricks College?

The "spirit"is contagious. It begins wit Tuition (yearly) LDS | $ 350.00

greet 6ach that hi's friendly and smilesthe (inonLDS—$40000) It is amplified Ricks. enters as hestudent (est.) 750.00 Board and Room

by choice new friendships found in shared- "Books and Supplies (est.) 100.00

apartments, classes, and extracurricular activities. It swells wijth pride in the great $1,200.00 (est.)

new campus (fifteen ijpajor buildings since Application dates tpfemember 1962, and a modern fieldhouse currently unApril 10der construction). It i$ climaxed by unique Scholarship DeadJifie—

April 15experiences in social activities, leadership, Admission Deadline—

and spirituality provided by the stu You need to apply early for housing. Beautiwards of the Ricks College Stake. ful new residence halls for both boys and

girls on and of\ campus provide modern

It is enhanced by the small classes thro apartmentstyle living.

which a superior faculty cares for the indiFor housing information write:

vidual needs of thei students. Each student Housing, Ricks College Rexburg, Idaho

is special at Ricks College. 83440. Remember, you must apply early.

Registration Datel August 21, 22, 23

Ricks C bum, Idaho 83440 Where "Hi"is the password!

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

It all adds up to your Beneficial Life man!

His mind is stocked with the latest insurance knowhow..

and he's trained to apply these facts and figures to your family's financial needs.

His hands help lighten the burden of the family head by providing insurance tailored to specific needs.

His heart is in his work...

he knows what insurance can mean to a family's financial security. He knows people

buy insurance because they love someone.

His legs are on the go constantly, selling and servicing

Beneficial Life... bringing

the beneficial life to thousands more. He is tireless in bringing you the best insurance

you can buy.

Resolve to get to know your Beneficial Life agent in the coming year!

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah