Vol. VII. The GJory of God is Integence. No. 12.

IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Organ of Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations.

PUBLISHED BY THE GENERAL BOARD.

I!Business HebeiHebei Grant,Grant, )j Joseph F. Smith, | -...

j Thos. Managers. Hull,J.J.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as Second Glass Matte*.

OCTOBER, 1904.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Portrait of Samuel W. Richards Frontispiece

Joseph Smith as Scientist. XI Dr. John A. Widtsoe 897

Uses of Sorrow 902 Cards and Gambling Elbert Hubbard 903

ATriptoCuba. V—Religion in Cuba Lr Joseph M. Tanner 907

What the World Wants 91 Some Stumbling Stones. II Edwin F. Parry 912

Origin of the Plan for the Exodus Elder Samuel W. Richards 927

Talks to Young Men. XII—The Man and the Mission Walter M.Wolfe 932*

Restoration of the Melchizedek Priesthood Joseph F. Smith, Jr. 938

Light After Darkness. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 944

At the Louisiana Purchase Exposition. II—Music r-,-1

at the Word's Fair Joseph Ballantyne 945

III—Concentrator at the Utah Exhibit W. C. McCarty 948

The Power that Holds. A Poem 951

Some Leading Events in the Current Story of the

World—The Battle of Liao Yang—A Japanese

Balance Sheet—A Question of Citizenship—

Another Reason why our Sympathies are with

Japan Dr. Joseph M. Tanner 952"

Editor's Table -Social Duties President Joseph F. Smith 957

"The Lesser Priesthood."960

Our Work—Five Essentials for a Successful Superintendent Preston D. Richards 961

Talk About the "Era"965 Events of the Month 96

SALT LAKE CITY:

214 + 215 TEMPLETON BUILDING.

Published Monthly. $2.00 Per Annum

JOHI C ItCLIII. PrtU. TttlT.IUITOI.I*. *. J. BU8TII. Trtr

Keep JWoney at Home BU$TOfl COAll

By Insuring LUMBER CO.

in the Don't ALL KINDS OF Carry GOAL Your ALL KINDS OF LUMBER Wholesale and Retail.

OwnHOME LUMBER IN CAR LOTS A SPECIALTY.

Bisk. Office, 60 W. Second South Street.

Yards, Cor. Fifth South and Third West Sts.

Telephone 808. FIRE

THH.

STATE BflflKoFlJTAfl "UTAH Accounts Solicited.

Correspondence Invited.

OFFICERS DIRECTORS. AND

F. Smith,Heber J. Gram & Go., Joseph President.

Wm. B. Preston, VicePresident.

GENERAL AGENTS. HenryCharlesT.S.McEwan,Burton, Cashier.Asst. Cashier.

Heber J. Grant Jos. D. Murdock

A. W. Carlson Heber M. Wells

2026 South Main Street, Salt Lake City. Byron Groo Isaac Barton

YOU ARE DELUDING YOURSELf Telephone 351. WHEN YOU SAY,

Jos.Wm.Taylor,

UTAH'S LEADING UNDERTAKER "A Telephone

AND LICENSED EMBALMER.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, Show Rooms and Morgue. would be of

OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT.

21, 23, 25 South West Temple St. no use to me

SALT LAKE CITT, UTAH.

at the house. 9

TRY IT AND SEE.

ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN, Ask any of your many COUNSELORAT-LAW. friends who have it.

U. 8. Supreme Court, Registered Attorney U. S. Patent Office, United States and j* jt jk

Foreign Patents, Caveats, Trade Marks and

Copyrights. ONE DOLLAR PER MONTH IS

Opp. U. 8. Patent Office. WR8HINQT0N.D.C. ARGUMENT.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

WE D0NT f + KEEP NO!

Pianos and Organs.

WE SELL THEM.

DAYfiES & $0]VirlEY PIANO GO.

TH9 mONQYBHCK PGOPLE.

4050 Richards Street. Salt Lake City.

-\xr. i=.o. box

MISSIONARIES THE LITERARY DIGEST

should write to or call on the "All the Periodicals in One."

with An illustrated weekly magazine interesting in adequatelySALT LAKE KNITTING WORKS formation covering all the chief subjects for their of human interest, as selected, translated, and digested from the world's choicest periodical literaHOSIERY. UNDERWEAR AND "GARMENTS"ture.

belore leaving for their fields ol labor. Should you become one of its regular readers?

is tlme wnen it precious yur enables BECAUSE Dcunujc, the of most every mate readyOUWe hav a full line of ing moment, providing with the you of cream 1,000

WHITE SHIRTS, HOSIERY, NECKWEAR valuable periodicals.

selects '* translates, digests, reor nujtflllSF RFC"prints ihe> best literature to be foundOar Specialty is KNITTED "GARMENTS."in periodicals the numberle-s all vrinted in lands,

We have them in Cotton from $1.00 up givingskill anditsdiscrimination.subscribers the benefit of expert editorial

up. in from $1.75 and Wool

lt enaDles to greatly economize yu RFCHllSFuninwjL your expenditures for periodicals US. MKIL BY PROM ORDBR

it possible to th get a best in making num ordering "Garments"send your When could than ber ever subscribe you for afor—thisgreater chest weight, length and measure ofheight, single subscription.

sleeve to ou\jn.\jJUBFOflllSF diqE8Tregu,ar becomereaders versatileof Theon Litebabtall sides

Salt Itake Knitting Works, ofltlcs,topicsscience,of currentliterature,Interestart, andreligion,discussionetc. in pol

Salt hakt City, Utah THE lilTESAY DIGEST R. SMITH, Mgr. JOSEPH $3.00 a Year. 5 i <? 1 e Copies 10 etj DIRECTORS:

Joseph F. Smith, President.

Clawson, Rudger Hull, VicePresident. FUNK & WAGNAItltS G0|HPA|W Thomas

Nelson, Joseph Smith. NEW YORK. Alvtn 7.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

THE PRESTIGE OE AN OLD NAME sometimes causes imitation.

is only one TaylorRomney-ArmstrongCo., THERE

organized in 1869, and still doing business under the same name. Be sure you get the name right.

tell you that we sell lumber of all kinds No need to firstclass yard. and everything else that is usually sold by a

mill lots of it. Other We also do custom work—yes,

dealers who send us their mill work tell us they do so because the work is done better than elsewhere. No

it. uoubt that is the reason. Suppose you try

TAYhOMOJflflEMKlttSTOTGGO.,

South Temple and Second West.

SAVE YOUR MONEY, AND WHEN YOD GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST [COHPANY.

4 Per Cent Interest Paid on $1. to $5,000,

tfe OFFICERS.

Joseph F. Smith,

President Anthon H. Lund,

VicePresident George M. Cannon,

Cashier Lewis M. Cannon,

Asst. Cashier

DIRECTORS.

Joseph F. Smith

Anthon H. Lund

John R. Winder

T. G. Webber! S

James Jack John T. Caine

Angus M. Cannon

Francis M. Lyman 1|

George Reynolds L. John Nuttall

Angus J. Cannon

A. O. Woodruff

Hyrum M. Smith

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2011 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

http://www.archive.org/details/improvementera0712unse

SAMUEL W. RICHARDS

(Portrait taken on his 80th Anniversary, August,9, 1004.)

.

(A good book is like a good name—better than riches.)

A New Volume Begins Next Month, Volume 8.

Use This Blank, and Send Your Subscription today.

The new volume, beginning November 1, will be Issued Oct. 24, and In order

to keep from Interruptions, subscriptions should be sent now, as soon as you read this. We invite you to tear out this leaf, and to nil out one of the following blanks and return it. If you send the money, so much the better for you

and for us, but in case it Is not convenient, and you are at pr< sent a subscriber, we will wait on you a few days, or weeks, as you n ay indicate. Just glance at

the other side What is there said will confirm your good Impressions of the

ERA, and strengthen your determination to

SUBSCRIBE NOW.

1904.

The General Superintendency Y. M. M. I. A.,

Publishers IMPROVEMENT ERA, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Find $2.00 enclosed, in full for subscription Volume 8,

IMPROVEMENT ERA, beginning with No. 1. Please send

the magazine and the manual for 1904-5 to:

Name Town

County..

State

1904.

The General Superintendency Y. M. M. I. A.,

Publishers IMPROVEMENT ERA, Salt Lake City, Utah Please continue my subscription to Volume 8, IMPROVEit within daysMENT ERA, I will remit $2.00 for

from date of first number, Nov. 1, 1904. Send Manual to

Name Town

County

(See Over.) State

The Reader is invited to Sub'scribe for the improvement Era.

A Few Facts About the Era:

The policy of the Era is controlled by President Joseph P. Smith

and the General Board of Y. M. M. I. A.

The Era is the organ of the Y. M. M. I. A., is without capital, owned

by the subscribers, and is a leading doctrinal and literary publication of the Church.

The Era is aent free to all the missionaries. You help the Era by subscribing; the Era helps them in their work; their work helps the cause.

The Era gives yoa full value for your money, in good, clean, interesting, wholesome and entertaining literature.

The Era contains valuable and timely instructions, monthly, by

President Joseph F. Smith, who is the Editor.

The Era presents, besides its doctrinal papers, inspirational articles for young men, showing them how to achieve true success in life.

The Era prints the current productions of our ablest home writers, in biography, history, poems, and in doctrinal and inspirational essays.

The Era, in its treatment of current events, keeps the reader posted on the most important occurrences in the Church, the State, the Nation, and the world.

The Era will print a story in every number of Vol. 8; these will be

sensible, Valuable, readable, interesting.

The Era will contain some laughable experiences in missionary life which will be as educational as they are instructive.

The Era will retain its best departments so popular in the past, and continually add new and interesting features to its list of contents.

The Era invites you to turn to the list of writers for Volume 7, in the index, in this number; most of these, and many others, will contribute for Volume 8.

The Era is indespensable to officers of the M. I. A., because the instructions in "Our Work,"keep them alive, posted, and upto-date.

The Era has many valuable articles now in hand, on a variety of topics of interest; Book of Mormon; doctrinal points; descriptive of lands

countries, places; historical essays, etc.

The aim of the Era is to make the young men and women good, faithful, consistent, intelligent Latterday Saints, and to instil in their hearts a testimony of the truth and magnitude of the Gospel and the work of God.

Read what "they say"of the Era in "Our Work,"No. 12, Vol. 7,

this number.

Vol. VII. OCTOBER, 1904. No. 12.

JOSEPH SMITH AS SCIENTIST.

BY DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOB, DIRECTOR OP THE AGRICULTURAL

EXPERIMENT STATION, LOGAN, UTAH.

XL—SUMMARY AND CONCLUSION.*

In the preceding papers it has been shown that Joseph Smith's early life and education were of such a kind as to make it very improbable, if not impossible, for him to have accumulated a store of the scientific knowledge of his day from books, or even from his associates. Further evidence of this claim was shown to lie in the

comparative absence of wellknown scientific facts from his writings;

the absence of scientific phraseology, and in the original method of stating scientific principles.

It has been shown further, that Jopeph Smith clearly recognized and stated the doctrine of the persistence or indestructibility of matter, thus relieving himself of the charge that he belonged to the hoards of charlatans, who, from ignorance or wilful deceit,

* It is perhaps needless to remark that this series of articles is not concluded at the present time because the material is exhausted. Lack

of time alone makes it impossible to continue the -demonstration that every principle taught by the prophet is in harmony with sound science

Probably the discussion can be taken up at a later day.

898 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

do not acknowledge the laws of nature, and in so doing make claims that excite the superstitious fears of their followers. Again,

the prophet stated, a number of years in advance of its general acceptation by the world of science, a doctrine which in all respects is comparable with the law of the persistence of force which, with the doctrine of the persistence of matter, now lies at the foundation of all scientific thought.

Further, the prophet taught the unchanging relation of cause and effect, which brings the whole universe under a reign of law, and overthrows the mysticisms of old. This doctrine was emphasized

at a time when the world was just beginning to insist upon it. He

further taught clearly the manner in which nature's laws may be discovered by man.

Besides these fundamental notions, the prophet taught the law that the universe is filled with some subtle though material substance, the nature of which is unknown to man, but by means of which the forces of nature are able to manifest themselves.

This doctrine corresponds with the theory of the luminiferous ether, which is now accepted by the best thinkers of the world.

This doctrine was taught by Joseph Smith many years before it was definitely adopted by science.

The prophet also taught that all the heavenly bodies are in motion; that the solar system is but a small part of a greater and

grander whole, controlled by the same laws, and that some of these other worlds are inhabited. These doctrines, which now

form the foundation of the new astronomy, was discovered and accepted by the world of science after the days of Joseph Smith.

The essential element of the law of evolution was stated by the prophet, twentyfive years before Spencer and Darwin. Moreover, the law as taught by Joseph Smith is the law to which the

world of science is slowly moving.

Joseph Smith was in full accord with the modern views concerning alcohol and its uses. He held that tobacco was very injurious, at a time when technical students of science were just

learning to understand the poisonous principles which tobacco contains.

Tea and coffee were denounced as beverages unsuited for human use, at a time when caffeine and tannic acid, the two most

JOSEPH SMITH AS SCIENTIST. 899

harmful constituents of tea and coffee, had recently been discovered, and their properties were not generally understood.

At the time of the prophet, practically nothing was known concerning the composition of meat, vegetables and grains. He

taught that essential differences exist among the classes of grains, and that meat may be replaced in man's dietary by products of the vegetable kingdom—all of which has been verified by recent

science.

He also held clear and modern views regarding time limits in geology, at a time when students were not agreed on the subject.

Besides, the writings of the prophet contain numerous suggestions of scientific application, that have not been at all discussed.

In short, Joseph Smith recognized and stated the fundamental laws of all science, the fundamental principles of physical and biological science and astronomy, together with a great number of scientific facts, and made these statements usually in advance of workers in science.

It is a surprising fact that a young man of twentyeight, who had had no educational advantages of schooling, or reading, or society, should state clearly and correctly known laws of science;

but it is marvelous that he should state fundamental laws that the workers in science did not discover until many years later. Every

honest man, be he friend or enemy, must marvel, and ask, "Whence did this man derive his knowledge?"

Was he a man of lively imagination, who guessed shrewdly?

If so, he was the shrewdest guesser the world has known. All that

he said has come true; his bitterest enemies have been unable to

prove incorrect statements of facts. Their attacks have always

been on the origin of the work, on its ethical ideals (which are largely personal opinions), and on the probability that Joseph tacitly admittingSmith was the real founder of '"Mormonism"—thus

the greatness of the work. Had he been a guesser, simply, he

would have failed somewhere, and thus revealed his weakness. But

let any man show one error in the inspired writings of Joseph

Smith, even when he dealt with matters which lay far outside of his daily mission. Though thousands of persons have felt impelled

to war against "Mormonsim,"no such error has been found. All

human logic denies that he was a guesser.

900 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Did he receive his knowledge from well educated persons, who kept themselves in the background? No documentary evidence

has been found to substantiate such a view. Primarily, it is unlikely that men of intelligence and education would hide behind an

ignorant boy, from the time he was fourteen until his death at thirtynine years of age. There was nothing to gain by it; the

prophet never had more wealth than just enough to live on; the

pleasure that his power over his followers gave him, was more than offset by the ceaseless persecution which followed him. Besides,nearly all the fairly well educated men who joined the Church in

the early days were given prominent positions in the Church, yet it is known that they were instructed or chastised by the youthful prophet whenever occasion required, as were those of no or little education. Joseph Smith was always greater than any of his followers. But

above all, no educated man would have been able to tell Joseph, by means of his education, of things not yet known. The idea that

Joseph Smith was only a dummy for clever heads is not tenable.

Since ordinary means were beyond his power, how did he acquire his knowledge? How was he able to look into the future,

and reveal its secrets? "Ah,"says a new philosopher, "I have it,

he was epileptic, and had trances, during which his vision appeared;"and the philosopher proceeds to write a book proving his

theory to be correct.* What a pitiful attempt to push the question into the region of the unknown; and at the same time, what a

splendid acknowledgment of the fact that the life and labors of

Joseph Smith transcend ordinary human explanations. Do epileptics, in their phantasms, see orderly systems of truth, which are

carried into effect in their days of health and sanity? Does the

epileptic see the truth that shall be revealed in the coming ages, and teach it with a stately soberness of language which admits of no uncertainty? If so, then might the race well long for the time

when the great gift of healthful, reasoning imagination shall be exchanged for the ghastly disease of epilepsy. Folly of follies

The life writings and works of Joseph Smith are healthy, above all else; no trace of physical, or mental, or spiritual disease can be

found in them. His teachings are given as eternal truths revealed

The Founder of Mormonism.

JOSEPH SMITH AS SCIENTIST. 901

by the God of nature; and they rise loftily above the vague

theorizings of the investigator, or the uncertain gibberish of the diseased intellect. Clearness, reason, logic in method and execution, characterize the teachings and works of Joseph Smith. Have

such qualities ever indicated disease?

To the person who can rise above his prejudices, and confess to himself that he is not able to explain in the manner of men how Joseph Smith came by his knowledge of ideas, men and things, comes the strong conviction that the "Mormon"prophet was inspired by a mightier power than men possess; and if that conviction is

followed by a prayerful desire to know what that power is, the testimony will be given that from God, the Controller of the universe, known by various men under divers names, did Joseph Smith receive, directly, the truths which fill the pages of his published writings, and direct the lives of his followers.

God spoke to Joseph, and gave him the revelations necessary for building his kingdom in the last days. Little more than was

necessary did the Lord reveal, but occasionally, for the comfort of the prophet and his associates, truths were given which hinted of the glorious order of the universe. May it not be, also, that the

Lord showed Joseph many truths, similar to those touched upon in these papers, in order that later generations might have additional testimonies of the divinity of the latterday work? Under

the influence of the Holy Spirit, the boy Joseph grew into a man, whose mind was filled with the great vision of the contents and the destiny of the universe, including the future lot of mankind.

No man has had a nobler education than that received by Joseph

Smith.

When the historian of future days shall review the history of the growth of science, and shall judge men by the record that they have left behind them, he will place Joseph Smith as the greatest philosopher of science of the nineteenth century, and possibly of the twentieth. Then will men reverently speak of

that mighty mind and clear vision, which, inspired by the God of heaven, saw, as in an open book, the truths which men have later developed, through ceaseless labor and countless vigils. Then

shall the thinkers of the future speak of him as Joseph, the clearsighted.

Knowledge, concentrated into wisdom, is the end of existence.

To those who live according to God's law, knowledge will come easily. It will continue to come to his people, until it shall be

the most intelligent among the nations. The Lord has said it.

"How long can rolling waters remain impure? What power

shall stay the heavens? As well might man stretch forth his puny

arm to stop the Missouri River in its decreed course, or turn it up stream, as to hinder the Almighty from pouring down knowledge from heaven upon the heads of the Latterday Saints."*

(the end.)

USES OF SORROW.

"We learn hy suffering what we teach in song,"the poet says. It would be truer to say that we learn by suffering what

we teach in our lives.

When the great violinmakers of the middle ages wished to form a perfect instrument, they caused the tree to be felled at a particular period of its growth. The wood was then planed and

cut into small pieces. These were exposed to the heat of the sun

and the winter's storms; were bent, rubbed, polished, and finally

fastened together with incomparable skill.

If the wood could have found a tongue, doubtless it would have begged to grow in the forest, to rustle its branches and bear its fruit as its companions were left to do, becoming at last a part of the sodden earth. But it was this harsh treatment that made

one of its common boards the Stradivari violin, whose music still charms the world.

So, by countless touches of pain and loss, God fits us to bear our part in the great harmony with which true and earnest souls shall ultimately fill the world. Selected.

* Doctrine and Covenants, 12 i: 33.

CARDS AND GAMBLING.

BY ELBERT HUBBARD, AUTHOR OF "A MESSAGE TO GARCIA, AND THIRTEEN.

OTHER THINGS,""LITTLE JOURNEYS,""CONTEMPLATIONS,"ETC

[In 1899, people began talking about Elbert Hubbard, principally because of his "Message to Garcia,"which had appeared in The Philistine, a little magazine printed for the Society of Philistines, in East Aurora, New York. Everybody has read the message since then, but the

author is still saying things that are quite as good. In a recent number, in one of his "Heart to Heart Talks with the Philistines by the Pastor of his Flock,"some thoughts on cards and gambling appeared. The

editors of the Era were in hearty accord with the sentiments, and wrote

Mr. Hubbard for permission to print the article in our magazine for the

benefit of the young men of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints. Consent was kindly granted, and we commend the following to

the members of the M. I. A. Editors.]

As a cold business proposition, let me give you this: I would

not trust an amateur gambler as far as you could fling Taurus by the tail.

I will not do business with a man who plays cards for money, if I can help it.

No individual in my employ—or anybody else's—who plays

cards for money, can ever hope for promotion.

A professional gambler may be honest, but your clerk or business man who indulges in a quiet game of draw, is a rogue, a liar, and a cheat.

And the man he cheats most is himself.

And the only man he really deceives is himself.

And the man who deceives himself and cheats himself will get no chance to cheat me if the matter can be avoided.

504 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Beware of the white face, the soft hands, and the impassive smile of the pokerplayer!

The amateur gambler is not necessarily a bad man,—primarily

his intents are honest. He plays first simply for recreation; then,

to add interest, the game transforms itself into pennyante; from

this to betting all the money he has, is a very easy evolution when the fever is on.

He wins.

But to quit when you have won, and not give your opponents a, chance to win their money back, is more or less of a disgrace.

loses. He plays again—and

Then he wants a chance to get his money back.

hour after supper. He plays first only in the evening—an

Then if he can get away from work at four o'clock and play until supper time, he will do so, just as scores of government clerks do at Washington. In the evening he plays again—exciteis will come out even, abroad—hement is in the air—challenge

and then quit. Men who have work to do cannot play all night

and do business the next day, so midnight may end the game.

But Saturday night the game goes on until daylight.

I Of the "morality"of gambling, nothing need be said—all

affirm is, that it is simply absurd to enter on a habit where success is defeat, and to win is a calamity.

The successful amateur gambler graduates into a professional: he has to, for business men shun him.

No man who plays cards for money can keep his position long.

The fact is, none of us have a surplus of brains; and if you are

going to succeed in business, all the power you have to your credit is demanded. The man who can play cards at night and do business in the day time, hasn't yet been born.

Life is a bank account, with so much divine energy at your disposal. What are you going to do with it? If you draw your

choice. And above checks for this, you cannot for that—take your

all, do not draw on the Bank of Futurity by breathing bad air, keeping bad hours and bad company.

The man who succeeds in business is the one who goes to bed before ten o'clock at night; and only one thing is he jealous of,

and that is outdoor exercise.

CARDS AND GAMBLING. 905

Gambling robs a man of rest; and the keen edge of his life is

lost in shuffling the pasteboards. All he gives to his employer or

the world is the discard. Outside of his play he is a weak inefficient

person, and his weakness is very apt to manifest itself in burdening his friends. The curse of gambling does not fall on the gambler

alone, any more than does the drunkard alone suffer for his fault.

Suffering falls upon every one within the radius of the gambler.

If your gambler is on a salary, he very often comes around for his wages before pay day, then he, gets to discounting his salary to a money shark; then, if he can, he will "borrow"his pay before

he earns it, without first consulting you. He intends to pay it

back—oh, yes!

He wins and pays ifc back.

This encourages him to borrow more the next time. He takes

more in order to win more. He is now obliged to play heavily because his debts are accumulating.

It is an old story, and dozens of men in Sing Sing can tell you all about it.

One bad feature of the poker game is the pokerface—the

impassive, white face with its cold smile. It reveals nothing

nothing but untruth. And the principal reason it reveals nothing

is because there i3 nothing back of it to reveal: it does not token

truth, talent, sympathy, kindness, love, nor intellect.

Our actions and thoughts are building brain cells, and the gambler is building cells of folly. His face is as astute as that

of David Harum. It gives nothing away. In time the habit of

is a living lie. He lies to friends,the man becomes fixed—he

family, employer, and business associates. He forever plays a

part. Life to him is a game of bluff. And get it out of your head

that the liar does not look you squrely in the eye. The pokerplayer is a scientific liar, running on the low gear, and his eyes

look calmly into yours. He is astute.

Astuteness is only valuable in protecting us from astute people. It adds nothing of value to the community.

Astuteness adds no beauty to the world, nor does it make life for any man happier.

In strict scientific economics the gambler is a parasite and a thief. He consumes but does not produce.

906 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

If four men start in to play poker with ten dollars each, or a thousand dollars each, it is just a matter of mathematical calculation before all of them will have nothing. All they have will

go to the rakeoff and for cigars and drink, and the midnight lunch, which they would not need if they went to bed at a reasonable hour.

No man can play the races continually and win. John E.

Madden, who has made a million dollars out of horse racing, says that defeat and nothing but defeat awaits the bettor on cards or horses. And of all the fools, the biggest is the man who bets on "a

sure thing."Madden has followed the business for a quarter of a

century, and says: "I quit betting years ago, and if I ever bet

again, it will be because the disease has gotten the better of my business judgment."The bookmaker gets it all—he has but to

wait, and the whole thing is his.

It is just like the game of studpoker, where the dealer takes care of the bets, and gives the first booster an ace in the hole. If

the boosters don't get the "live one's"money, the dealer will—he

gets all the others have, as sure as death, if they continue to play.

Do not imagine that all the gambling is done in the cities the devil made the"man made the cities, God the country—but

smaU towns."Hardly a village in America is free from the

scourge.

Gambling means blurred vision, weak muscles, shaky nerves.

Loss of sleep, lack of physical exercise, irregular meals, bad air, excitement, form a devil's monopoly of bad things; and the end is

disgrace, madness, death, and the grave.

I am not a member of the Christian Endeavor Society, the

Epworth League, the Baptist Union, the Knights of Columbus, or the Society for the Suppression of Vice, and all I say here is simply a little plain talk by one business man to others, with all soft sentiments omitted.

Boys, we need all the brains we have, in our work. If by

concentration, and cutting out folly, we succeed in degree, we do well. But 1 do not believe we can reasonably hope for success

unless we eliminate the pasteboard proclivities—this as a cold business proposition! I am done.

A TRIP TO CUBA.

BY DR. JOSEPH M. TANNER, SUPERINTENDENT OF CHURCH SCHOOLS.

V.—RELIGION IN CUBA.

Are the people of Cuba religious? That question is now occupying a prominent place in the discussions of the Cuban people

today. On the ship going over from New Orleans to Havana there

were aboard three ministers of different Protestant denominations.

Some Protestants have been casting a longing glance at the Pearl of the Antilles, in the hope that its inhabitants, who have had so much controversy and trouble with the Spanish priests, might be induced to leave the faith of their forefathers, and accept the faith of some one of the Protestant churches. One of the ministers, a Methodist, did not seem to think a Catholic could be sincerely religious.

But Protestantism does not give promise of much vitality among the Cubans. There are a few Protestant churches on the island,

for the accommodation of Americans who go there for business or who visit Cuba during the winter months to escape the rigorous climate of the northern states. There are the Baptists, Methodists, Episcopalians, the Mission of the Church of Christ, and the

Presbyterians. Their attendants really constitute only an infinitesimal fraction of one per cent of the Cuban population which is

almost exclusively Catholic. Some Cubans declared that there was

indeed very little religious sentiment among the people generally.

One could see, especially in Havana, the same conditions that are common to other Latin countries.

The history of religion in Cuba has been associated with the political struggles and revolution that have for more than a century almost rent the island asunder. In Cuba the Roman Catholic

908 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

church was supported by the state. In addition to the fees and

contributions, the priests received regular stipends amounting from $600 to $1500 a year. In 1898, according to official figures,

the amount set apart annually for the support of the church, was $352,000. The proportion, however, was not large out of a revenue that reached $26,000,000 annually. What made religion

unpopular with the Cubans was the fact that these priests were almost entirely recruited from Spain. Many of the priests, it was

declared, were those whose lives had been such that they could no longer be tolerated at home, and were consequently sent to

Cuba.

During the different rebellions that broke out on the island, the priests were almost wholly with the Spanish military authorities. Thus the people came to associate the religion they had

professed with persecution and oppression. Among the priests

there was a minority of Cubans who sympathized strongly with the insurgents. Sometimes these Cuban priests blessed the insurgents'flag, for which one or two were shot. Others, for outspoken

sympathy, were deported.

There was also marked opposition to the position of the church in the matter of fees., All one's life, from birth to death,

the church imposed its ceremonies; and the fees required for

these were found very oppressive, especially among the poor.

These were principally the fees for baptism, marriage, and for funeral ceremonies. Again, the clergy strongly opposed the

secularization of marriage, and opposed the clamor to make it a civil contract. Doubtless the enmity to the authority of the

priests had much to do with the practice among the Cubans of living together as man and wife, without the sanction of the marriage ceremony. When the American occupation was extended

over the island, the census taken showed that 131,787 were scheduled as simply "living together."This was more than onethird of

the population.

Much of the irreligious condition of the people was ascribed to the influence of Free Masonry, which the church not only strongly opposed, but too often persecuted. At times this secret society was apparently wiped out, but it took root again, often in the

face of the most bitter opposition. What made it difficult to get rid

A TRIP TO CUBA. 909

of the Free Masons was the fact that sometimes men high in civil and military authority were themselves Free Masons. The meetings of the lodges were secret, and the Spanish authorities considered them generally hotbeds of sedition and revolution. The

church was therefore directed to bring every influence to bear against masonic lodges. As they were chiefly for social purposes,

they had taken the place they occupy in the United States. Every

contest, therefore, which the church had with the Cuban people at large, created not only an antagonism to the church, but a real dislike for the professions of religion.

Another source of distrust towards the church was the corruption of its priests. They were often made the theme of jest

on the stage. A reference was frequently had to the nephews

and nieces of priests. Allusions of this character implied, of

course, immoral lives among those who were supposed to be celebates. These grotesque insinuations were greatly enjoyed by the

audiences for whose pleasure.they were introduced, and were acceptable to the people generally. Many of the priests, too, were

given to gambling, so that the influence of the priesthood over the

Cuban people was of little consequence. When the Americans

took possession, the general in command of one of the cities sent word to the highest ecclesiastical authorities to remove one of the priests from his office, because he was a "drunken old vagabond."

Another cause of hatred towards the Spanish priests is the belief, quite universal, that during the insurrections and revolutions, the secrets of the confessionals were given to the Spanish military authorities, and that insurgents were, as a consequence, sent to their death from the altar. How much of that belief was

baseless may never be known.but the belief has found quite a universal acceptance. When the people were suffering from the effects of

disease and hunger of the reconcentration camps, it was believed that Weyler's policy was heartily endorsed by the priests, because they thought it would break down the spirit of rebellion. Such

animosity as these conditions aroused in the minds of the people against the clergy, naturally affected the religious sentiment throughout the island. Tens of thousands of men came to ascribe their

misfortunes and oppression to the Roman Catholic church. Their

opposition to religion naturally drove them into the camps of the 910 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

infidel. Doubtless many women sympathized with their husbands;

but, however much they may have learned to hate the clergy, their religious emotions were not suppressed, and if they would not go to the confessional or would not visit the church, they still kept the Catholic images in their homes, and still reverenced them, by the cross and by kneeling before them. The rosary was kept,

from which frequent prayers were repeated.

All these circumstances led religious enthusiasts of this country to believe that Cuba offered a field for the spread of Protestant propaganda; and as soon as the American possession was

established, they went over in considerable numbers to win the

Cubans back to Christianity, especially to the Protestant phase of it. However, proselyting has not been successful. As soon as

the Spanish rule was overthrown, there arose at once an objection against the Spanish clergy, and there was, by the Cuban clergy, a strong demand for their recall. The church and state became

separate, and the church had thereafter to look to private contributions for support. Our government could not yield to the demands of the Cuban priests. It could not be a party to the

religious controversies of the island. However, some steps were

taken by the Pope to conciliate the Cuban priests. No doubt, in

time, local prejudices will be considered, and Cuban clerics used as much as possible. Contributions to the church from a people in

the frame of mind of the Cubans, were not likely to be very liberal.

Some Spanish clerics found the temper of the people too uncomfortable for them, and took the first opportunity to withdraw from their parishes. The Jesuits were quick to square themselves

with the new conditions. With their traditional adaptability, they

welcomed the new administration. As soon as General Gomez

came out from the woods, and was about to enter Havana, they went out to meet him, and listened with pleasurable expressions and demonstrations to his declarations of religious liberty. When

others hesitated, they raised the American flag in welcome of

American authority.

There is today a host of professed free thinkers among the

Cubans, whose churches are poorly attended, but everywhere there has been a marked falling off in religion. Many laugh at and deride

the Catholic priesthood, and affect a contempt for everything re-

A TRIP TO CUBA. 911

ligious. Cuba is indeed at a very low ebb religiously, perhaps lower

than any other LatinAmerican country. Are they, then, in the

frame of mind to receive Protestantism? They are essentially

Catholic, if anything, and there will no doubt, in time, come a reawakening of religious belief. This is an age in which there is

almost everywhere a falling away from religious profession and church attendance, and what may be said of Cuba is, in some measure, true of the American people. The Cubans are now, at

any rate, in no frame of mind to hear religious discussions, or to receive the missionaries of Protestant denominations.

(the end.)

WHAT THE WORLD WANTS.

Men who can not be bought.

Men whose word is their bond.

Men who put character above wealth.

Men who possess opinions and a will.

Men who see the divine in the common.

Men who "would rather be right than be president."

Men who will not lose their individuality in a crowd.

Men who will not think anything profitable that is dishonest.

Men who will be as honest in small things as in great things.

Men who will make no compromise with questionable things.

Men whose ambitions are not confined to their own selfish desires.

Men who are willing to sacrifice private interests for the public good.

Men who are not afraid to take chances,who are not afraid of failure.

Men of courage, who are not cowards in any part of their natures.

Men who are larger than their business, who overtop their vocation.

Men who will give thirtysix inches for a yard and thirtytwo quarts for a bushel.

Philanthropists who will not let their right hand know what their left hand is doing.

Men who will not have one brand of honesty for business purposes and another for private life.

Young men who will be true to their highest ideals in spite of the sneers and laughter of their companions. Success. '

SOME STUMBLING STONES.

BY EDWIN F. PARRY, SALT LAKE CITY.

II.

In this paper, it is the intention to consider the second question presented at the beginning of this discussion, which is: "If

there is only one way to be saved, why does not the Lord tell everyone that way in plain, unmistakable language?"

My answer is that the Lord does tell all who earnestly ask of him the way to be saved; and he tells them in plain, unmistakable

language. Through the agency of the Holy Spirit this knowledge

is conveyed to the inward soul of everyone who obeys the simple rules by which it is to be gained. Not only does the Lord do this,

but he confirms that knowledge continually by repeated testimonies, as long as a person lives and continues to obey his laws.

But some may say, uO that is uncertain evidence; it may be

imaginary; we may be deceived by it; or we may deceive ourselves. Why cannot some stronger proof be given?"

Those who have received this inward testimony imparted by the Holy Spirit know of no way whereby they might be better convinced. But to those who have not been thus convinced, it may

appear that some other way would be more satisfactory. They

may think that some evidence conveyed to their outer senses would give them stronger assurance.

Let us enquire what is the manner in which we obtain knowledge of facts in general. Is it not by experience? What we

know most positively is that which we have experienced in our own lives. When a child is told that it is possible for him to learn to

read books, if he will follow the instructions of his teacher, he

SOME STUMBLING STONES. 913

accepts the testimony of the one who informs him. He is not in

possession of actual knowledge that he can learn to read, but having faith in what he has been told, he follows the teachings given, and, as he progresses step by step, he learns for himself that what had been told him is true; and after acquiring the art of

reading, the accomplishment is no longer a matter of belief with him. He positively knows that he is able to read, and he also

knows that others may learn in the same manner.

Now, in what other way can a child get this knowledge? I

know of no other. No matter how many times he may be told

that it is possible for him to learn this art, the telling will not convey to him knowledge. So the only way to gain knowledge is

is developedby personal effort—by practice or experience. It

within us by earnest inquiry, study and research. We get it by

seeking after it. If this is the way in which we obtain knowledge

in general, is it not reasonable to conclude that the knowledge of religious truths is to be gained in a similar manner? If there is

only this one way in which secular knowledge can be secured, can we expect to get spiritual knowledge in an entirely different way?

Should we expect to receive it without seeking for it, or without desiring it? Can we expect the Lord to bestow upon us anything

which we would not appreciate if we had it, and which might be of more harm than good to us, if we did not prize it?

One may ask, "Why does not the Lord manifest the truth of his message to mankind by the visitation of a heavenly being—an

angel—or by his own appearance?"Some may even wonder

way the Lord does not appear to them personally and tell them what they should do, that they might know positively that the message of salvation brought to them is true. Suppose an angel

from heaven should appear to a man and tell him that the gospel of Jesus Christ as contained in the holy scriptures is the only plan by which he can gain salvation in the kingdom of God, do you think that would give him sufficient knowledge of the fact to save him? It might, for the time being, be a strong testimony to

him that it is true, and it might lead him to acquire greater knowledge, but unless he obeyed the principles of the gospel, he could not say that he possessed the knowledge that it is the truth, any more consistently than could the child, who had been 914 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

told that he might learn to read, say he knew what had been told him is a fact, without putting the statement to the test. Notwithstanding the marvelous manifestation of an angel, the knowledge of the gospel necessary to insure one's salvation would have

to be acquired by obedience to its rules. Then why be told by an

angel of these truths? Why not accept the testimony of man,

since the same process has to be followed in order to get the desired knowledge? Knowledge and obedience are what save a

man, and without them any number of wonderful manifestations would be of no avail.

Some people may have the idea that the Lord could, by some marvelous process, endow a person instantaneously with most positive knowledge of the plan of salvation. But let us ask ourselves,

Would it be of any benefit to man to have knowledge thrust upon him in such a manner? Knowledge brings with it responsibility;

and if a person, even at his own earnest request, should be endowed with knowledge in this manner, would it not bring him under immediate condemnation? If a sinful man were suddenly put in

possession of a full conviction and understanding of the way of salvation, would he not be sinning against light and knowledge?

Even if he had a desire to live a righteous life, he would be unable to do so, through lack of practice: for it requires practice as well

as knowledge to live righteously, as it takes practice and knowledge to become accomplished in any other pursuit. A person with

a bright mind may learn the rudiments of music in a few hours or a few days, but in order to perform creditably upon a musical instrument it requires months and years of regular practice.

Knowledge of the gospel, without training, would be more of an evil than a blessing. It might be contended that the Lord, being

all powerful, could confer upon a man both knowledge of the plan of life and ability to live it. Granting that to be true, then what?

Man would be robbed of his agency, and would have nothing to do but submit to the inevitable. In the twinkling of an eye re would

be transformed into a holy angel or a god. He would being—an

have nothing to learn, nothing to overcome, nothing to strive for, nothing to live for. This life of trial, of schooling, of development, would be needless. You can see at once that it is useless to

reason further on this line.

SOME STUMBLING S70NES. 915

At the beginning of this chapter it was stated that the knowledge of the plan of s tlvation came through the ministra tion of the Holy Spirit, and in the argument following I have endeavored to show that spiritual knowledge, like secular knowledge, is gained by study and experience. Let us see if we understand

this matter clearly. To get a full knowledge of the gospel, one

must learn and put into practice its doctrines, and by so doing the

Spirit of the Lord brings to him conviction that he is in possession of the truth. Yes, and it might be added that it requires the Spirit

of the Lord to confirm the knowledge that we acquire of secular truths. It is this same Spirit that enlightens our minds and gives

us understanding of all things which we learn. In other words, it

is by this Spirit operating upon our minds that wp are enabled to get learning of any kind. But it requires our efforts in connection with the operations of the Spirit, for how can we expect the

Spirit of the Lord to operate upon our minds, if we have nothing in our minds for it to operate upon? Many people fail to recognize that it is the Spirit of the Lord that enables them, in connection with their own studies, to gain the ordinary intelligence that

is common to mankind, and on this account they are slow to acknowledge that it is through the inspiration of this Spirit that men are able to grasp and understand higher truths. It is difficult for

some to 'believe that the Lord reveals truths to man, either by personally appearing to him, or through the Holy Ghost. Because

such a thing is miraculous in its nature, and is beyond their ability to explain, they refuse to believe that it is true. But there are many

things which we are conscious of, and yet unable to explain. Life

itself is a miracle which we do not pretend to understand, though we cannot deny its existence. How is it that men make such wonderful discoveries in physics, mechanics, and other sciences that

were before unknown to mankind? We must admit that it is by

some power not possessed, or at least not exercised, by the ordinary masses of humanity, that they are enabled to bring to light these hidden truths of nature. It might be suggested that it is

through study and experiment that the discoveries are made.

That may be true enough, but what prompts them to make the answer. Yes,study and experiment? A thought—an idea—you

but what marvelous power awakened that thought or suggested 916 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

that idea that resulted in the discovery of a truth before unknown and unheard of? Look upon it as we may, we cannot deny that

there is something we cannot explain about the origin of a new thought or idea, only on the hypothesis that it is an inspiration from a source of superior knowledge to that possessed by man.

If we can believe it possible that men are inspired to make new discoveries in the physical world for the benefit of humanity, is it too much to go a step further and believe that it is also possible for them to receive inspiration that will be a blessing to mankind spiritually?

Mankind are slow to believe divine revelation of a spiritual character, because only a comparatively few claim to receive such intelligence. This, however, is no proof that those who claim to

receive divine revelation are deceivers or are deceived themselves.

It only goes to show how very few seek such knowledge. And this is

not so very strange, from the fact that only a comparatively few ever seek deeply for the truths revealed in the natural world.

Ever since the advent of mankind upon the earth, the book of nature has been open to them. Indirectly, it reveals to all who will

peruse its wonderful pages that there is a Divine Creator—a Supreme Being. Yet how few of the many millions of earth's inhabitants ever take the trouble to read the marvelous revelations

that nature presents! But shall we deny their existence because

so few are inspired to read them? Here, for instance, is one of

nature's beautiful revelations conveyed by a simple flower, and yet it contains truths unknown to millions who have daily opportunities to become acquainted with them:

THE LIFE OP A PRIMROSE.

When a seed falls into the ground, so long as the earth is cold and dry, it lies like a person in a trance, as if it were dead; but as soon as

the warm, damp spring comes, and the busy little sunwaves pierce down into the earth, they wake up the plantlet, and make it bestir itself.

They agitate to and fro the particles of matter in this tiny body, and cause them to seek out for other particles to seize and join to themselves.

But these new particles cannot come in at the roots, for the seed has none; nor through the leaves, for they have not yet grown up; and

so the plantlet begins by helping itself to the store of food laid up in

SOME STUMBLING STONES. 917

the thick seedleaves in which it is buried. Here it finds starch, oils,

sugar, and substances called albuminoids,—the sticky matter which you

notice in wheatgrains when you chew them is one of the albuminoids.

This food is all ready for the plantlet to use, and it sucks it in, and works itself into a young plant with tiny roots at one end, and a growing shoot, with leaves, at the other.

If you take the skin off a piece of orange, you will see inside a number of longshaped transparent bags, full of juice. These we call

cells, and the flesh of all plants and animals is made up of cells like these, only of various shapes.

In the orange pulp these cells contain only sweet juice, but in other parts of the orange tree or any other plant they contain a sticky substance with little grains in it. This substance is called "protoplasm,"or

the first form of life, for it is alive and active, and under a microscope you may see in a living plant streams of the little grains moving about in the cells.

Now we are prepared to explain how our plant grows. Imagine

the tiny primrose plantlet to be made up of cells filled with active living protoplasm, which drinks in starch and other food from the seedleaves. In this way each cell will grow too full for its skin, and then

the protoplasm divides into two parts and builds up a wall between them, and so one cell becomes two. Each of these two cells again

breaks up into two more, and so the plant grows larger and larger, till by the time it has used up all the food in the seedleaves, it has sent roots covered with fine hairs downwards into the earth, and a shoot with beginnings of leaves up into the air.

And now the plant can no longer afford to be idle and live on prepared food. It must work for itself. Until now it has been taking in

the same kind of food that you and I do; for we, too, find many seeds

very pleasant to eat and useful to nourish us. But now this store is

exhausted.

The plant, as soon as it has roots and leaves, begins to make living matter out of matter that has never been alive. Through all the little

hairs of its roots it sucks in water, and in this water are dissolved more or less of the salts of ammonia, phosphorus, sulphur, iron, lime, magnesia, and even silica, or flint. In all kinds of earth there is some iron,

and we shall see presently that this is very important to the plant.

Suppose, then, that our primrose has begun to drink in water at its roots. How is it to get this water up into the stem and leaves, seeing

that the whole plant is made up of closed bags or cells? It does it in a

very curious way, which you can prove for yourselves. Whenever two

918 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

fluids, one thicker than the other, such as treacle and water for example, are only separated by a skin or any porous substance, they will always mix, the thinner one oozing through the skin into the thicker one. If

you tie a piece of bladder over a glass tube, fill the tube halffull of treacle, and then let the covered end rest in a bottle of water, in a few hours the water will get into the treacle and the mixtve will rise up in the tube till it flows over the top. Now, the saps erd juices of plants

are thicker than water, so, directly the water er'ers the cells at the root it oozes up into the cells above, and mixes with the sap. Then the

matter in those cells becomes thinner than in the cells above, so it too oozes up, and in this way cell by cell the water is pumped up into the leaves.

When it gets there it finds our old friends the sunbeams hard at work. If you have ever tried to grow a plant in a cellar, you will

know that in the dark its leaves remain white and sickly. It is only in

the sunlight that a beautiful, delicate green tint is given to them, and you will remember that this green tint shows that the leaf has used all he sunwaves except those which make you see green; but why should

t do this only when it has grown up in the sunshine?

The reason is this: when the sunbeam darts into the leaf and sets

all its particles quivering, it divides the protoplasm into two kinds, collected into different cells. One of these remains white, but the other

kind, near the surface, is altered by the sunlight and by the help of the iron brought in by the water. This particular kind of protoplasm,

which is called "chlorophyll,"will have nothing to do with the green waves and throws them back, so that every little grain of this protoplasm looks green and gives the leaf its green color.

It is these little green cells that by the help of the sunwaves digest the food of the plant and turn the water and gasses into useful sap and juices. When we breathe in air, we use up the oxygen in it and

send back out of our mouths carbonic acid, which is a gas made of oxygen and carbon.

Now, every living thing wants carbon to feed upon, but plants cannot take it in by itself, because carbon is solid (the blacklead in your pencils is pure carbon), and a plant cannot eat, it can only drink in fluids and gases. Here the little green cells help it out of its difficulty. They

take in or absorb out of the air the carbonic acid gas which we have given out of our mouths, and then by the help of the sunwaves they tear the carbon and oxygen apart. Most of the oxygen they throw

Is-k into the air for us to use, but the carbon they keep. Bat ******meanwhile, how is new protoplasm to be formed? for without.

SOME STUMBLING STONES. 919

this active substance none of the work can go on. Here comes into use

a lazj gas called nitrogen. So far as we know, plants cannot take up

nitrogen out of the air, but they can get it out of the ammonia which the water brings in at their roots.

Ammonia, you will remember, is a strongsmelling gas, made of hydrogen and nitrogen. Out of this ammonia the plant takes the nitrogen and works it up with the three elements, carbon, oxygen, and

hydrogen, to make the substances called albuminoids, which form a large part of the food of the plant, and it is these albuminoids which go to make protoplasm. You will notice that while the starch and other substances are only made of three elements, the active protoplasm is made

of these three added to a fourth, nitrogen, and it also contains phosphorus and sulphur.

And so hour after hour and day after day our primrose goes on pumping up water and ammonia from its roots to its leaves, drinking in corbonic acid from the air, and using the sunwaves to work them all up into food to be sent to all parts of its body. In this way these

leaves act, you see, as the stomach of the plant, and digest its food.

Sometimes more water is drawn up into the leaves than can be used, and then the leaf opens thousands of little mouths in the skin of its under surface, which let the drops out just as drops of perspiration ooze through our skin when we are overheated. These little mouths,

which are called stomates, are made of two flattened cells, fitting against each other. When the air is damp and the plant has too much water,

these lie open and let it out, but when the air is dry, and the plant wants to keep as much water as it can, then they are closely shut. There are

as many as a hundred thousand of these mouths under one apple leaf, so you may imagine how small they often are.

Plants which only live one year, such as mignonette, the sweet pea, and the poppy, take in just enough food to supply their daily wants and to make the seeds we shall speak of presently. Then, as soon as their

seeds are ripe their roots begin to shrivel, and water is no longer carried up. The green cells can no longer get food to digest, and they themselves are broken up by the sunbeams and turn yellow, and the plant

dies.

We have now seen how a plant springs up, feeds itself, grows, stores up food, withers, and dies; but we have said nothing yet about its beautiful flowers or how it forms it seeds. If we look down close to the bottom of the leaves in a primrose root in springtime, we shall always find

three or four little green buds nestling in among the leaves, and day by day we may see the stalk of these buds lengthening till they reach up 920 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

into the open sunshine, and then the flower opens and shows its beautiful paleyellow crown.

We all know that seeds are formed in the flower, and that the seeds are necessary to grow into new plants. But do we know the history of

how they are formed, or what is the use of the different parts of the bud?

Remember that the seed is the one important thing, and then notice how the flower protects it. First, look at the outside, green covering,

which we call the calyx. See how closely it fits in the bud, so that no

insect can creep in to gnaw the flower, nor any harm come to it from cold or blight. Then, when the calyx opens, notice that the yellow

leaves which form the crown, or corolla, are each alternate with one of the calyx leaves, so that anything which got past the first covering would be stopped by the second. Lastly, when the delicate corolla has

opened out, look at those curious yellow bags just at the top of the tube.

What is their use?

Now for the use of these yellow bags, which are called the anthers of the stamens, the stalk on which they grow being called the filament or thread. If you can manage to split them open you will find that they

have a yellow powder in them, called pollen, the same as the powder which sticks to your nose when you put it into a lily; and if you look

with a magnifying glass at the little green knob in the center of the flower you will probably see some of this yellow dust sticking on it.

We will leave it there for a time, and examine the body called the pistil, to which the knob belongs. Pull off the yellow corolla (which will come

off quite easily), and turn back the green leaves. You will then see

that the knob stands on the top of a column, and at the bottom of this column there is a round ball, which is a vessel for holding the seeds.

In the middle of the ball, in a cluster, there are a number of round, transparent little bodies, looking something like round, green orangecells full of juice. They are really cells full of protoplasm, with one

little dark spot in each of them, which byand-by is to make our little plantlet that we found in the seed.

"These, then, are seeds,"you will say. Not yet; they are only ovules,

or little bodies which may become seeds. If they were left as they are

they would all wither and die. But those little yellow grains of pollen,

which we saw sticking to the knob at the top, are coming down to help them. As soon as these yellow grains touch the sticky knob or stigma,

as it is called, they throw out tubes, which grow down the column until they reach the ovules. In each one of these they find a tiny hole, and

into this they creep, and then they pour into the ovule all the protoSOME STUMBLING STONES. 921

plasm from the pollengrain which is sticking above, and this enables it to grow into a real seed, with a tiny plantlet inside.

But why should the primrose have such golden crowns? plain green

ones would protect the seed quite as well. Ah! now we come to a

secret well worth knowing.

Look at a withered primrose, and see how it holds its head down, and after a little while the yellow crown falls off. It is just about as it

is falling that the anthers or bags of the stamens burst open, and then they are dragged over the knob and some of the grains stick there. But

in one form of primrose, when the flower falls off, the stamens do not come near the knob, so it has no chance of getting any pollen; and

while the primrose is upright the tube is so narrow that the dust does not easily fall. But, as I have said, neither kind gets it very easily, nor

is it good for them if they do. The seeds are much stronger and better

if the dust or pollen of one flower is carried away and left on the knob or stigma of another flower; and the only way this can be done is by

insects flying from one flower to another and carrying the dust on their legs and bodies.

If you suck the end of the tube of the primrose flower you will find it tastes sweet, because a drop of honey has been lying there. When

the insects go in to get this honey, they brush themselves against the yellow dustbags, and some of the dust sticks to them, and then when they go to the next flower they rub it off on to its sticky knob.

> Therefore, we can see clearly that it is good for the primrose that bees and other insects should come to it, and anything it can do to entice them will be useful. Now, do you not think that when an insect

once knew that the paleyellow crown showed where honey was to be found, he would soon spy these crowns out as he flew along? or if they

were behind a hedge, and he could not see them, would not the sweet scent tell him where to come and look for them? And so we see that

the pretty sweetscented corolla is not only delightful for us to look at and to smell, but it is really very useful in helping the primrose to make strong healthy seeds out of which the young plants are to grow next year.

And so we come back to a primrose seed, the point from which we started; and we have a history of our primrose from its birth to the

day when its leaves and flowers wither away and it dies down for the winter.

We have seen that it was by the help of the sunbeams that the green granules were made, and the water, carbonic acid, and nitrogen worked up into the living plant. And in doing this work the sunwave a

922 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

were caught and their strenght used up, so that they could no longer quiver back into space. But are they gone for ever? So long as the

leaves or the stem or the root of the plant remain they are gone, but when those are destroyed we can get them back again. Take a handful

of dry withered plants and light them with a match, then as the leaves burn and are turned back again to carbonic acid, nitrogen, and water, our sunbeams come back again in the flame and heat.

And the life of the plant? What is it, and whyis this protoplasm

always active and busy? I cannot tell you. Study as we may, the life

of the tiny plant is as much a mystery as your life and mine. It came

like all things, from the bosom of the Great Father, but we cannot tell how it came nor what it is. We can see the active grains moving under

the microscope, but we cannot see the power that moves them. We

only know it is a power given to the plant, as to you and to me, to enable it to live its life, and to do its useful work in the world.*

I repeat that in the above story of the primrose is one revelation out of a thousand equally wonderful which nature presents to all who will read them. And while but few of earth's inhabitants

manifest sufficient interest in the book of nature to become acquainted with its contents, people generally are willing to accept the interpretation given by those few who do study its pages.

Should a person question the truths of the message revealed by these students of nature, the students would be ready to convince him that they were telling the truth, and in order to do so they would invite him to make a personal study and investigation. They

would ask him to make the same inquiry and research as they had made; and by so doing he would arrive at the same conclusion. He

would share the same knowledge with them. He would receive

the same revelations.

Now, if nature's book of revelation is always open to all mankind, and only awaits their inclination to read it, is it not possible, and even probable, that the book of spiritual revelation is also ever open, and only awaits a reader? Why should we not accept the spiritual revelations presented to us by those who have

communed with nature's God as readily as we do those from men who have communed with nature? The skeptic will reply that

*The FairyLand of Science, by Arabella B. Buckley.

SOME STUMBLING STONES. 923

nature's revelations can be demonstrated as facts. One can pursue the study of nature and read her wonderful revelations for

himself, while he has to accept the word of others for assurance that spiritual revelations are true. But not so. Spiritual revelations will bear the same test as will the truths of nature. The

true interpreter of spiritual revelations can invite the inquirer, who is seeking evidence of his declarations, to follow him in his researches with as much assurance as can be given by the student of nature; and everyone who will make the investigation personally will be rewarded with as certain knowledge as is possible for

one to have of the truth of any fact of natural science.

III.

The third question that appeared at the beginning of this paper was this: "If a person lives a good, moral life, what need is

there for him to conform to religious ordinances?"

To begin with, I will say, there is no difference, in my mind, between moral duty and religious obligation. A religion that does

not embrace all the principles of morality (by which I mean the common duties of mankind to each other) is imperfect. On the

other hand, a code of ethics that does not include all the requirements of true religion is incomplete. I am aware that it is not

generally considered that the meaning of the terms morality and religion are so strictly synonymous as is here implied; and yet true

morality is identical with true religion in every respect. Every

requirement of the latter is necessary for the perfection of the former. Wuile it is conceded that honesty, truthfulness, kindness

and kindred virtues, are common to both moral and religious law, it is believed that religion includes requirements that are not a live a moral life and notpart of the moral law—that a person can

be religious. Prayer, for example, according to this interpretation would be regarded wholly as a religious obligation, and as

having no connection with a strictly moral duty. Let us see if

this is a correct conclusion. It is a moral duty to do to others as

honest, truthful, virtuous.we would have them do to us—to be

The object of prayer is to gain wisdom that we might the better know how to treat others as we would have them treat us, and is 924 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

a means to obtain strength necessary to be honest, truthful and virtuous under all circumstances. It might be added, also, that

through prayer one expresses his gratitude to his Heavenly Father, and gratitude itself is a moral duty. Prayer, therefore, is as much

a moral obligation as honesty.

What are generally regarded as the rules of moral conduct are nothing more nor less than a number of the principles of revealed religion. Why certain principles of religion should be accepted as a guide for human conduct, while others equally important are ignored, is hard to understand. And why religious

ceremonies, which are the most effective aids to proper conduct, should be disregarded by people who desire to live what is termed a moral life, is also difficult to comprehend. What would be thought

of a mariner who should attempt to make a voyage across the ocean without compass or rudder to his vessel? It would be a

matter of chance, if he ever succeeded in his attempt. One who

seeks to reach a high moral standard and rejects the means best calculated to aid him to that end, should not expect anything but indifferent success. A person who desires proficiency in any calling brings to his aid everything that will help him to attain that

end; and it is regarded as a good policy in business to adopt every

precaution that is offered for one's financial safety; then why

should not these principles be applied to spiritual matters?—why

should not everyone who wishes to reach a high degree of moral perfection accept every means that will assist him in the attainment of that object?

The purpose of the Church organization and of religious ordinances is to aid mankind to reach the highest possible standard of moral conduct. They are the means ordained of God for this

purpose, and are therefore the most suitable that can be devised.

If a young man is seeking to live a moral, virtuous life, he should not object to unite with the Church, and take an active part in it, and thereby avail himself of every safeguard that the Church affords.

Life's course may be likened to a long and perilous journey.

When people have a long distance to travel, and the road is beset with dangers, it is always preferable to travel in a large body for selfprotection, for the help and encouragement that one can give

SOME STUMBLING STONES. 925

to or receive from another, as occasion may require. No one of

good judgment who has regard for his own safety would, of his own choice, travel alone, if he knew of the dangers of the journey.

We know that life's course is beset with many perils; then why

should we not unite for mutual protection and comfort and happiness on this great journey?

The statement is sometimes made by young people that they cannot see how any religious ceremony or ordinance can benefit them, and they express the belief that religion interferes with the freedom they desire to enjoy. But are not these mistaken ideas?

Is is not because they do not understand the purpose and benefit of religious observances? Bridges built over dangerous streams

or rivers are provided with side railings. A thoughtless person,

upon observing these protections in the daytime, might wonder what they are for, as to him they may appear to serve no purpose.

But if it were explained to him that the railings were for the protection and guidance of those who crossed the bridge in the darkness, he, of course, would at once appreciate their value. A

fireescape on a tall building may appear to be a useless appendage, when there are staircases and elevators within; but in case of an

emergency, when the usual exits to the building are filled with flame, the benefit of the ladder on the outside of the building is at once apparent.

May we not, upon closer observation, discover that the ordinances of the gospel are for some wise purpose? At ordinary

times we may not see how it can be a benefit to comply with them, but when dangers are apparent their purpose is made more clear.

One of the ordinances of the gospel is baptism. In complying with this ceremony a person formally accepts the gospel, and

covenants to obey its precepts—to live a life of righteousness. It

may be asked, cannot a person live a pure life without complying with such an ordinance? While he may do so to a certain extent without being baptized, he is better able to do so through

such a compliance with this regulation of the gospel. By making

this covenant he is placed upon his honor to live a new life. Is it not

clearly to be seen that by feeling honorbound to do a thing one becomes more determined to do it? And does not this determination assist him in doing it? It is the same with other covenants

926 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

that Church members make; each one is calculated to assist them

in living pure, moral lives.

The gospel demands that we live temperate lives—that we

keep in subjection our bodily appetites. It should require no

argument to convince anyone who believes in being morally pure that this is a consistent requirement. Unless one holds in subjection his physical appetites, he cannot say how long he will be able

to live a moral life, for without a proper control of self, a man is not his own master, and therefore cannot expect to continue in a course of rectitude. One great object of life is to overcome

selfishness, and the sacrifices that true religion demands are the means best adapted to accomplish this end. As long as selfishness has a place in one's heart, there is danger of him being overcome with evil. His moral standing is insecure, for selfish desires

in some form are what lead to every wilfullycommitted evil.

Therefore, the only way to be safe from evil temptations is to overcome selfish desires.

But what about the freedom of which some people think religion deprives them? Is it not that freedom which only leads to

destruction? True religion does not deprive anyone of legitimate

liberty. It only prescribes the bounds of freedom sufficient to

keep people from those extremes that cause their downfall. It

does not interfere with their onward progress any more than the side railings on a foot bridge interfere with one crossing a river—(

both serve as a protection from inevitable destruction.

What should appeal to us as the best of reasons for conforming to the ordinances of the gospel is the fact that the Lord has commanded us to do so. It is the Lord who offers us salvation

and the blessings of eternal life. He promises them on condition

of obedience to the laws upon which they are predicated, and we have no good reason for expecting to receive these blessings, unless we comply with the conditions he has given.

It is true that obedience to moral principles brings its own reward, but the only complete code of morals is the gospel of

Christ, and its ordinances are the only means through which a perfect moral life can be reached.

(the end.) ORIGIN OF THE PLAN FOR THE EXODUS.

BY ELDER SAMUEL W. RICHARDS, SALT LAKE CITY.

. [Elder Samuel W. Richards, a veteran of the Church, and a missionary of great experience, who was born in Richmond, Berkshire Co.,

Massachusetts, August 9, 1824, making him now eighty years of age, gives the following testimony relating to that interesting historical occurrence in the Church, the exodus to the west. His testimony clearly

shows that it was the Prophet Joseph who conceive i and promulgated the thought of the migration of the Saints to the Rocky Mountains. Editors.]

The children and family of the Prophet, and others upon their testimony, have published extensively, both through the press and otherwise, that the movement of the Saints to the Rocky

Mountains was not any plan or purpose of the Prophet Joseph, but that the plan or movement was entirely that of Brigham Young;

but it is well known that he and his coworkers of the twelve were on missions abroad, and did not return to Nauvoo until sometime after the Prophet's martyrdom, and hence knew nothing of the movement planned, only as informed by others after their return.

The refusal of the people at a general conference to accept Sidney

Rigdon as their leader, and the appointment of Brigham Young as

Joseph Smith's successor to lead the people, placed the latter where he was entitled to the inspiration of the Spirit to be his guide, and this led him to act in harmony with the Prophet Joseph's plans, which were well known to those who had been with him, and who had become the counselors and advisers to Brigham Young, now chosen and standing in the Prophet Joseph's place before the people.

As is well known, after the people had expressed their choice 928 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

in general conference that Brigham Young should be their leader and adviser, measures were at once adopted to carry out what was known to be the revealed will of God to Joseph concerning the removal of the Saints to the mountains, which was successfully accomplished, and which has placed them in the midst of prosperity;

both temporal and spiritual, giving evidence of God's approval. I

testify to the following facts which I know personally to be true:

In the winter of 1843-4, in the city of Nauvoo, 111., the then

gathering place of the people known as Latterday Saints, Joseph

Smith, the Prophet and leader of that people, selected and organized a company of twentyfive, mostly young men, for a pioneer company to visit the Rocky Mountains and southern California, to find a suitable place for the Saints to remove and gather to, where they could be free from those who viewed them as enemies, and were constantly hunting him, as their leader, to take his life.

This, then, seemed to be a necessary movement, as the people had already been driven from their former homes in Missouri, with a considerable loss of life attending, and a like event now threatened those who were gathering in and about Nauvoo.

In view of such a condition and emergency, the Prophet deemed it advisable to have the western wilderness explored, before the exodus of the people from their present homes and gathering place be advised.

One of the apostles of the Church, viz., Willard Richards,

who was with the Prophet at his martyrdom, was an almost constant companion of the Prophet, was sent to me to learn if I would be one of the number. Upon being assured that it was the wish

of the Prophet Joseph Smith, I readily consented, and my name was placed upon the list. My former experience, under the influence of

that man's personal, prophetic power, would have caused me to say, yes to almost anything he could have asked.

Arrangements were made for the purpose, and weekly meetings were held, during the latter part of the winter, for the purpose of instructing the company in what would be expected of them, in filling the mission for which they were now being set apart.

These meetings were held under the presidency of the Prophet's brother, Hyrum, Joseph being so closely hunted for his life that

ORIGIN OF THE PLAN FOR THE EXODUS. 92i>

he was seldom with us. His brother Hyrum, Sidney Rigdon, and

those of the twelve apostles then present in the city, were in attendance at these meetings, which were otherwise of a strictly private nature.

At these meetings, the spirit of prophecy was abundantly enjoyed by those giving instructions. Upon one occasion, after Sidney Rigdon had been speaking, the president of the meeting arose

and said, "The spirit weighs down mightily, there has been enough said,"and dismissed the meeting without further ceremony.

I had attended two or three of these meetings before I heard of what the Prophet Joseph had said while selecting the parties for the company, that he wanted young men of faith who could go upon the mountains of Israel, and talk with God face to face as

Moses did upon Mount Sinai, and learn where he would have his people locate for their future welfare, and the kingdom's development.

Upon hearing this, the first response of my soul was, "I am not the one wanted, and I will decline at once;"but as I was about

to offer my resignation, a voice whispered to me, "Wait! no hasty

action!"I complied with the whisperings of the voice, went home

and retired for the night, after first pleading most earnestly with the Lord to let me know what I should do in the matter, which seemed to me the most important of my life.

I retired to my bed, and during the four hours of my sleep, my prayer was more than answered; and in the morning, I was ready

to continue my relation with the company, and prepare the outfit required for the journey.

I performed the journey in my sleep, and had shown to me important events to transpire, and the condition of the earth itself to the complete restoration of its Eden beauty and grandeur, as when man was first placed upon it, in a state of innocence and immortality, to which condition all must come in the restoration of all things spoken of by prophets and holy men, since the world began.

It was no ordinary dream to be obscured, and to pass away from memory with the returning light of morning, but it was an impress upon the spirit which left the body and traversed the regions of space, while it surveyed the work of a thousand years in the 930 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

restoration of the earih, and man upon it; an impress never to be

obliterated from the mind.

Upon returning to my natural condition of wakefulness and human thought relating to my pioneer call, my whole soul responded: "Here am I, Lord,"and I continued my attendance at the

meetings, and my preparations for the journey.

During these meetings, many things were spoken of concerning future development, perfectly in accord with what had been shown to me, and I felt more than ever assured of the divine approval of the Prophet Joseph's determination in the matter.

When all things seemed to have been satisfactorily arranged, and future movements of the company determined, Joseph took his departure from Nauvoo, crossed the river, and was making ready to visit awhile among the Indians, thinking it would be safer than to remain in Nauvoo; and, as I understood, that he

might be ready to join the pioneer company when they should leave, and be their leader in search of a resting place for the

Saints to be gathered to, as he well knew that where he should make a home, the Saints would cheerfully, under his direction, locate.

But this was not to be realized. As soon as it was known

that the Prophet had left the city, with a view of a prolonged absence, a company of the brethren followed him, and insisted upon his return to the city. They felt that if he went away, and it was

known, that not only would the work stop, but enemies who had been hunting his life would at once drive the people from their homes, and destroy and lay waste, as had been done in Missouri.

This committee said things to him that grieved him very much, calling him a coward and other like reflections, so that he told them, if I re-"If my life is not worth anything to you, it is not to me—

turn, I go as a lamb to the slaughter."But this did not change

their determination that he should return, which he did, and the result is well known.

This turn of affairs changed the entire program which had been arranged for the pioneer company, and the Church was to take their departure without the information desired, as to where it would be most desirable for them to make an abiding place for future growth and development.

While at Nauvoo, on his return, he addressed the people of

ORIGIN OF THE PLAN FOR THE EXODUS. 931

the city, as he was about to be taken to Carthage for safe keeping, as promised him by the Governor of the state. Here he made

a similar statement to the people, that he went as a lamb to the slaughter, which proved so verily true, as the world well knows.

At a meeting held February 21, 1844, in the Mayor's office,

Nauvoo, the following names were accepted as pioneers to explore the Rocky Mountains and Lower California:

volunteers:

Jonathan Dunham, Phineas H. Young,

David D. Yearsley, David P. Fullmer.

REQUESTED TO GO:

Alphonzo Young, James Emmett, Geo. D. Watt, Daniel Spencer.

At a meeting on the 23rd of February, 1844, these names were accepted, Joseph Smith, Hyrum, and Sidney Rigdon being present:

VOLUNTEERS

Samuel Bent, Joseph A. Kelting,

Samuel Rolfe, Daniel Avery, S. W. Richards, Seth Palmer,

Amos FieldiBg, Charles Shumway,

John S. Fullmer, Ira S. Miles,

Almon L. Fullmer, Hosea Stout,

Moses Smith, Rufus Beach, Thomas Edwards.

Witness my signature:

Samuel W. Richards.

Witness: A. Milton Musser.

TALKS TO YOUNG MEN.

XII.—THE MAN AND THE MISSION.

In a community out of which perhaps seventeen hundred young men are constantly in the mission field, in all parts of the liberal, civilized world, the effect of the training received by these missionaries is constantly asserting itself for good or evil, on their return home. This work has made the settlements of the

Latterday Saints more cosmopolitan than those of any other community in the country. With the restraints put upon young

men who thus go out, it may be safely asserted that from their experiences mostly good results. But there are men who fall; there

are who fail; and there are who make wrecks of themselves.

A word of caution to the youth who is about to leave his quiet home life, for the first time, is appropriate, especially when given by one who has ended a faithfully performed mission, and who, therefore, speaks from experience. Such a one is the author

of this talk, which I commend to the boys both at home and in the

field:

From time immemorial the ruddy vigor of youth, and the lusty strength of young manhood have been favorite themes of poet and orator. Every year, in this broad land of ours, millions

of boys, on the threshold of a new. life, go forth from the home,

the school, the college, mighty in the consciousness of innate power, to grapple with whatever obstacles time and tide may bring to bear against them. Like Achilles of old, they put on their

golden armor, believing that it needs only the waving of the helmet plumes, only the flash of sunlight from the brazen shield, to drive the Trojan warriors from the field in flight. And every year the

ebbing tide leaves stranded on the sands of time, battered breastTALKS TO YOUNG MEN 933

plates, broken shields, cleft helmets, skeletons in armor—the

wreckage of life's battle, tossed up by that relentless sea, last resting place of myriad hopes and plans and lofty aims, the silent cemetery of those who went forth and were overcome.

And every year from this Zion of ours, hundreds of young warriors go forth to bear the Gospel of the kingdom to a world that sits in darkness, to fight the good fight of faith, to wrestle with foes implacable without, to struggle with enemies far more implacable within. No man realizes, when he goes upon his mission, that it is the turning point in his life—that through it he is to

stand or fall. In most cases he goes forth confident of success,

proud of his own power to resist evil. If he has not a definite

testimony of the truth of the Gospel which he is sent to proclaim, if he does not know for himself that Joseph Smith was a Prophet sent from God, he has a vague hope that sometime, somehow, that which he lacks will be given him. Little does he sense that

only by fasting and prayer, by selfabnegation and entire consecration to the Master's service, can he win a victory over the world, the flesh, and the devil; and, greater than all else, victory over

self, for he who cannot conquer self, can conquer nothing else.

He goes forth with the blessings of the Holy Priesthood, surrounded and followed by the hopes, the faith and prayers of those who love him best.

In due course of time these missionaries come home. Some

have labored faithfully, and diligently. Every hour has seen a

dnty performed, every day has brought new strength and joy. The

honorable releases that they bear, while giving pride, give but a tithing of the satisfaction that is in their hearts, the knowledge that they did their best to merit the "Well done, thou good and faithful servant,"from Him whose word they have taught, whose earthly mission they have striven to imitate. They may not have

any baptisms to their credit. What of that? They have done

that which was required at their hands, and their reward is sure.

Others there are who also have honorable releases, and yet they know that they might have done better. They have done nothing

very bad, but their hearts have not been in their work. Sightseeing, music, study or pleasure has been their aim, and when

their desires in these respects have been satiated, they count the 934 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

days, the months, the hours, until they start upon their homeward voyage. They want their releases, but they do not derive much

honor from them. There is a third class, and, thank God, there

are but very few in it, comprised of those who return home alone.

They carry no releases. They are no longer called "elders"or

"brothers,"they have fallen in the battle. They wanted to see the

great world. They saw it, drank of its cup, tasted its pleasures,

and were conquered. Tearful eyes, sad countenances, hearts bowed

down with shame, await their homecoming; and thorny must be

their paths, bitter their trials, sincere and deep their repentance, would they ever regain that which they have lost, if indeed this be possible. And there is yet a fourth class, more to be pitied than

even those just mentioned. There are some who have secretly

trodden bye and forbidden paths; whose covenants have not been

held sacred. They feel assured that no man knows their sin, and

they accept their honorable release with the air of victors. But

there are those who know. They know themselves, and never can

they escape the lash of conscience. God knows, and Satan also

knows. He has placed his brand upon their souls, and some day he

will surely claim his own. Let them defy the truth as much as

they will, they cannot long face it. The Spirit of God is not with

them. They cannot find pleasure in religious duties. In their

hearts they have neither part nor lot with the Lord's people. They

are missed from the places where they ought to be. They have a

name to live, but they are dead. Their friends and associates

wonder why. God knows; Satan knows; they themselves know.

* * ********** Almost every stranger in the city of Mexico, or in Old Madrid, thinks himself in duty bound to see a Spanish bullfight. It is so

unique, so interesting to talk about, a thing never to be forgotten.

Why, what is the use of being a traveler if one is not to see just these characteristic features of a city? So almost every stranger

pays his money and takes in the great event. There is the amphitheatre, crowded with rich and poor alike, thousands of them.

There are flashing colors, blatant music, soldiers to keep the populace in order, in case it becomes too enthusiastic. The president

or mayor enters and takes the seat of honor. Flourish of trumpets, grand procession in the arena; brillant spectacle! Then the

TALKS TO YOUNG MEN 935

bull is driven in, his horns filed to needle points, angry and looking for a victim. He is tantalized by the capadores. Their flashing

mantles bewilder him. He knows not where to charge. In his

shoulders bite the barbed banderillas. He is furious, and then the

real fight begins. In come the picadores on their blindfolded

horses, each intent on goading the infuriated beast and effecting an escape. The scene becomes exciting. The bull paws the

ground, charges; charges again and again, and at length catches

his quarry full in the ribs. [The sharp horns tear their way from

shoulder to flank. The horse plunges, falls, tries to rise, is caught

and tossed again, uttering cries of pain. The stranger turns sick,

starts to leave, thinks better of it, waits a little longer with averted face. When next he looks, a man is down, being gored to

death, and horses, bleeding, mangled, run hither and thither. The

bull has served Irs purpose. Now wounded, but unsubdued, he

waits with lowering head, the merciful sword thrust of the matador. A second bull is driven in. The same scenes are repeated. The sickening smell of blood floats heavy on the afternoon air. This time the stranger does not turn away nor faint.

He is becoming accustomed to it all, and, when the sixth bull lies prostrate, he unconsciously regrets that no more bloody work has been done on this beautiful Sunday afternoon. The stranger

is a very different person from the man who took his seat three short hours before. His heart has been hardened. Scenes of

cruelty can never again pain him as once they did, and human life is not so sacred in his eyes as it was when he bought his ticket to the bullfight.

'So in the palmy days of Rome, the vestal virgin, little more than child, when first she entered the great arena, would shriek and faint at seeing gladiators fight, and hearing the roar of the

Numidian lions. But, within a month, she could turn her thumbs

and demand the death of some poor Goth or Christian, as calmly as she could sit and have her hair combed by her Attic slave. Yet

in itself there is no sin in going to a bullfight, and in itself, there is perhaps no sin in "taking in the sights"of Chicago, New York,

London, Paris or Vienna.

The world has not changed one iota since the wise man wrote:

"There is a way that seemeth right unto a man, but the end s.

936 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

thereof are the ways of death."In the lives of individuals, as

well as among nations, there is a wellfixed law of reciprocity.

Each act must bring its result; each cause its effect. When a

course of action is proposed, each man, the missionary above all, should ask himself the question: "What good will result therefrom?"as well as, "What harm may occur?"If there is naught

of good to be attained, the only safe plan is to have nothing to do with it. No young man ever goes to a place of questionable

resort for the first time with the intention of doing wrong. But

lie should bear in mind that when he goes to such a place, he cannot take his safeguards with him. At the portal he must leave

the breastplate of righteousness, the shield of faith, the helmet of salvation, the sword of the Spirit. He must go in his own human

strength alone, and when a man feels strongest in and of himself, then the devil laughs the loudest, for he is certain of another victim. How can one pray, "Lead us not into temptation, but deliver

us from evil,"and expect the Lord to protect him when he goes deliberately where he knows temptations will assail him, where evil is master? It cannot be. No man can take coals of fire into his

bosom without being burned. A short time ago, I met two missionaries who, after release, had taken in the sights of Vienna.

They said that they had no fear. They had performed good missions, and knew right from wrong. They only went to see. Yet

from the stories which they told, the pictures on which they gloated, I knew that the coals had left red, festering sores. There

are shadows enough in every heart, without hunting up the shady side of life. There is enough of want, woe and wickedness upon

the surface without delving into the under current to find more.

And, after all, when it has all been seen, of what good has it been? None, absolutely none.

Some years ago, four Elders in the German mission were debating whether or no they should visit one of the famous haunts of a great city. Three of them saw no harm in doing such a thing.

The fourth, the manliest of them all, the one who could be counted on to resist temptation, refused to go. He said that he was not

strong enough to visit such a place. The others laughed and went

their way. Today their names are not to be found on the Church

rolls. They have lost the faith, while he who would not trust himTALKS TO YOUNG MEN. 937

self, is trusted now by all, and his name is known to every Latterday Saint throughout the land.

Moral strength does not come from putting one's self in the presence of evil, and seeing how much can be resisted, for ultimately the limit of resistance will be reached; but rather from shunning

evil wherever it is known to exist. If a man has the spirit of his

mission, he has little difficulty in detecting evil in its most subtle guise. It must be that temptations come. They are necessary to

develop spiritual strength, but with every temptation there is provided a way of escape, if men would only seek it. The mission

field has its peculiar temptations, some that never touch a Saint at home. In meeting them, the missionary must rise or fall, gain

strength or become weak. He is morally better or morally worse

for the experiences through which he passes. If he could only

realize at the beginning of his career that his whole moral and spiritual fate is in the balance, how careful he would be, and how he would seek the Source of Strength as he had never before sought it. It is those who have fought the good fight, who have

overcome, that are needed today to strengthen and build up, by example no less than by precept, the youth of Zion, at a time when the influence of the outside world is so strongly felt. And each

man called upon a mission should feel that, apart from the great good that he may do to others, this mission gives him an opportunity to make sure his own salvation, and to develop moral strength and power that will make him forever useful in the Church to whose service he has consecrated himself.

Walter M. Wolfe.

RESTORATION OF THE MELCHIZEDEK

PRIESTHOOD.

BY JOSEPH F. SMITH, JR.

Was the Melchizedek priesthood conferred upon Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery by Peter, James and John?

In the history of the Church, no account is given of the date when the Melchizedek priesthood was restored. For this reason

certain parties not of the Church, who profess to believe in the divine mission of the martyred Seer, in order to bolster up their weak position, have made the claim that this priesthood was not restored by those heavenly messengers, but that it grew out of the Aaronic priesthood which was restored by John the Baptist, on the 15th day of May, 1829. According to this claim, the Prophet

Joseph and Oliver Cowdery, having received the Aaronic priesthood, did, by virtue of that priesthood, on the 6th day of April, 1830, ordain each other Elders, and that this eldership ordained High

Priests and Apostles.*

* The statement is: "In justification of the course taken, and the

principles involved on 'the question of authority,'we have ever courted, and still do, investigation of the facts in the first organization. Here

they are: Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery were ordained to the lesser

priesthood by an angel; then, by this authority and a commandment,

they, on the 6th day of April, ordained each other elders, and this eldership ordained high priests and apostles, and this high priesthood oroffice in thedained, by command, the High Priesthood—the highest

Church; so that the alleged lesser ordained the greater, is common to

both the first organization and the Reorganization alike. The same

class of facts justify both or condemn both."History of "Reorganiza-

tion,"Vol. 3, pp. 224-5.

RESTORATION OF THE MELCH1ZEDEK PRIESTHOOD. 939

While it is true that Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery ordained each other elders on the 6th day of April, 1830, and that this was the first office in the Church, yet the fact remains that this was not the beginning of the Melchizedek priesthood in the dispensation of the fulness of times. The priesthood is greater

than the office, and all offices in the priesthood, we are taught, are appendages to the priesthood.* For this reason the keys of the

priesthood were conferred upon these men, and not the appendages to that priesthood, which were held by common consentf in the

Church, after the organization.

We learn from the scriptures that all things from the beginning must flow into this dispensation, and that in this dispensation all things should be restored. Peter taught this principle to the

Jews;J and that it was understood by Paul, we learn from his

epistle to the Ephesians, first chapter and ninth and tenth verses.

One of the first Apostles, and a martyr to the cause, Elder

David W. Patten, has left with us his testimony. Said he:

The dispensation of the fulness of times is made up of all the dispensations that have ever been given since the world began until this time. 'Unto Adam first was given a dispensation. It is well known that

God spake to him with his own voice in the garden, and gave him the promise of the Messiah. And unto Noah was a dispensation given. For

Jesus said: "as it was in the days of Noah, so shall it be at the coming

of the Son of Man;"and as the righteous were saved then, and the

wicked destroyed, so it will be now. And from Noah to Abraham, and

from Abraham to Moses, and from Moses to Elias, and from Eliasto John the Baptist, and from John to Jesus Christ, and from Jesus Christ to

Peter, James, and John. The apostles all having received in their time

a dispensation by revelation from God, to accomplish the great scheme of restitution spoken of by the holy prophets since the world began; the

end of which is the dispensation of the fulness of times, in which all things shall be fulfilled that have been spoken of since the earth was made."The Prophet tells us that in the dispensation of the fulness

* Doctrine and Covenants, sec. 107: 5.

f Doctrine and Covenants, sec. 20: 6365; 26: 2; 124: 144.

X Acts 3: 21.

Elders'Journal, July, 1838.

940 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of times "that a whole and complete and perfect union, and welding together of dispensations, and keys, and powers, and glories should take place and be revealed, from the days of Adam even to the present time."*

If all things are to be restored, and if the dispensation of the fulness of times is made up of, and is a uniting of, all dispensations, with their keys and powers, since the days of Adam, then those who held the keys of these various dispensations would have to confer them upon the head of one who stands at the head of the last dispensation, and the Prophet Joseph Smith is that one.

This being true, then, among other keys, it would be necessary for

Peter, James, and John, who held the keys of the kingdom, in the dispensation of the meridian of time, to appear to the Prophet

Joseph Smith and bestow upon him their keys and authority.

That the keys of all dispensations were bestowed, we learn from the words of the Prophet, as recorded in section 128 of the

Doctrine and Covenants, verse 21

And the voice of Michael, the archangel; the voice of Gabriel, and

of Raphael, and of divers angels, from Michael or Adam down to the present time, all declaring their dispensation, their rights, their keys, their honors, their majesty and glory, and the power of their priesthood;

giving line upon line, precept upon precept; here a little, and there a

us consolation by holding forth that which is to come, conlittle—giving

firming our hope.

And in verse 20:

The voice of Peter, James and John, in the wilderness between Harmony, Susquehanna county, and Colesville, Broome county, on the Susquehanna river, declaring themselves as possessing the keys of the kingdom, and of the dispensation of the fulness of times.

If, therefore, Peter, James, and John held the keys of the dispensation of the fulness of times, it would be necessary for them to bestow those keys upon Joseph and Oliver, before these men could obtain them. That they did obtain them, we know, and

that the keys of the kingdom were conferred by these heavenly messengers, we have evidence to show.

Doctrine and Covenants, sec. 128: 18.

RESTORATION OF THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD. 941

In section 27, verse 8, of the Doctrine and Covenants, the

Lord declares that he shall partake of the sacrament with Joseph

Smith and Oliver Cowdery in his kingdom: and also John, * *

"which John I have sent unto you, my servants, Joseph Smith, Jun.,

and Oliver Cowdery, to ordain you unto this, first priesthood which you have received, that you might be called and ordained even as

Aaron."And in verse 12:

And also with Peter, and James, and John, whom I have sent unto you, by whom I have ordained you and confirmed you to be apostles, and especial witnesses of my name, and bear the keys of your ministry, and of the same things which I revealed unto them: unto whom I have committed the keys of my kingdom, and a dispensation of the gospel for the

last times; and for the fulness of times, in the which I will gather

together in one all things, both which are in heaven and which are on earth.

Here the Lord declares that Joseph the Prophet and Oliver

Cowdery were ordained by Peter, James and John. In section 18,

a revelation given in June, 1829, nearly a year before the Church was organized, the Lord declares that Oliver Cowdery was called with the same calling as was Paul, which was the Melchizedek priesthood, as an especial witness of his name. It was after this

call to be special witnesses, and after the bestowal of the

Melchizedek priesthood, that the Prophet and Oliver—when the

each other Elders. The priestChurch was organized—ordained

hood with its keys existed before the Church organization, but not the offices in the Church which belong to the Church, and are held by the consent of the same.

In regard to the ordination of Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery to these two priesthoods, we have the testimony of both recorded outside of the Doctrine and Covenants. Oliver Cowdery,

in the year 1848, testified at Kanesville, as follows:

I was present with Joseph when an holy angel from God came down from heaven and conferred on us, or restored, the lesser or Aaronic priesthood, and said to us at the time, that it should remain upon the earth while the earth stands. I was also present with Joseph when the

higher or Melchizedek priesthood was conferred by the holy angel from 942 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

on high. This priesthood we then conferred upon each other by the will

and commandment of God.

From this we see that, in the case of the restoration of the higher priesthood, as well as in that of the lower, they ordained each other by commandment, after having received the keys from

John.those who held them—Peter, James and

We also have Oliver's testimony, recorded by his own hand, as early as the year 1835. The account is quite interesting, and

was recorded in the patriarchal blessing book of Patriarch Joseph

Smith, Sen., by Oliver, who at that time was the recorder. This is

his statement:

. He [Joseph] was ministered unto by the angel, and by his direction

he obtained the records of the Nephites, and translated by the gift and power of God. He was ordained by the angel John, unto the lesser or

Aaronic priesthood, in company with myself, in the town of Harmony,

Susquehanna county, Pennsylvania, on Friday, the 15th day of May, 1829; after which we repaired to the water, even to the Susquehanna

river, and were baptized; he first administering unto me, and after, I to

him. But before baptism our souls were drawn out in mighty prayer,

to know how we might obtain the blessings of baptism and of the Holy

Spirit according to the order of God; and we diligently sought for the

right of the fathers, and the authority of the holy priesthood, and the power to administer the same; for we desired to be followers of righteousness, and in the possession of greater knowledge, even the knowledge

of the mysteries of the kingdom of God. Therefore we repaired to the

woods, even as our father Joseph said we should, that is, to the bush, and called upon the name of the Lord, and he answered us out of the heavens. And while we were in the heavenly vision, the angel came

down and bestowed upon us this priesthood; and then, as 1 have said,

we repaired to the water and were baptized. After this, we received

the high and holy priesthood; but an account of this will be given elsewhere, or in another place.

In this statement, made by Oliver, reference is made to a prophecy by Joseph of old, son of Jacob, in which he declared that the priesthood should be restored in the last days through the administration of an angel ''in the bush."In the Book of Mormon

we are given a glimpse at the prophecy uttered by Joseph concerning the restoration, but the prophecy has only been given in part

RESTORATION OF THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD. 943

unto us, and is yet to be revealed. Without doubt, it was made

known to the Prophet in connection with many other things which have not yet been given to the world. The Prophet has, however,

added some light concerning this prophecy, and has revealed to us the manner of the ordination to the Melchizedek priesthood of himself and Oliver Cowdery.

On the 18th day of December, 1833, when the Prophet blessed his father, and ordained him to the Patriarchal priesthood, he also blessed a number of others, among whom was Olivery Cowdery.

After pronouncing Oliver's blessing, the Prophet said

These blessings shall come upon him [Oliver] according to the blessings of the prophecy of Joseph in ancient days, which he said should come upon the seer of the last days and the scribe that should sit with him, and that should be ordained with him, by the hands of the angel in the bush, unto the lesser priesthood, and after receive the holy priesthood under the hands of those who had been held in reserve for a long season, even those who received it under the hands of the Messiah, while he should dwell in the flesh upon the earth, and should receive the blessings with him, even the seer of the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, saith he, even Joseph of old.*

John the Baptist was not ordained to the Priesthood by the hand of Messiah, as he received his ordination when eight days of age,f under the hands of an angel. Peter James and John were

called by the Savior, and received their authority from him; and

the prophecy of Joseph was fulfilled when they conferred upon

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery the keys of the High Priesthood which they had received from Messiah while in the flesh.

* This blessing was also recorded in the handwriting of Oliver Cowdery, and was copied by him in the record on the 2nd day of October, 1835, in the city of Kirtland, Ohio, and having been written by an eyewitness of the fulfilment, is certainly strong proof of the ordination.

Whether this is the "other place"mentioned by Oliver, where the account of the ordination to the Melchizedek priesthood is recorded, is a question. If not, the account of the ordination is either lost or misplaced

among the many papers in possession of the Church.

f Doctrine and Covenants, sec. 84: 28.

LIGHT AFTER DARKNESS.

BY GRACE INGLES FROST, SALT LAKE CITY.

"Follow the Star!

And it shall lead to no one less than God,

And it shall lead to God, though God.he far.

The night was dark and stormy,

The moon gave forth no light, My feet were torn and bleeding

From boulders in my flight.

I cried aloud in anguish "Oh Father! God of love!

Hide not thy count'nance from me,

Support me by thy mighty arm, And keep me close to thee!"

In agony, I laid me Down on the path to die;

For darker and more threatening

Had grown the midnight sky.

When lo! from out the darkness

A star appeared above, A star of brightest lustre, An emblem of God's love.

arose, and once more struggled

Along life's thorny way, My teardimmed eyes fixed stead'ly

Upon that star's bright ray;

Then all my tears and suff'ring,

Forgotten were by me;

For while I gazed in rapture The night had ceased to be.

AT THE LOUISIANA PURCHASE EXPOSITION.

[One sees the largest organ in the world, at Festival Hall, though one may not hear it there to the best advantage, owing to the building's defective acoustic properties. Music with art and nature make the

grand promenade a poem of delight. To stand in the shadow of the colonnade of states, or at the opposite end near the statue of St. Louis,

and there hear the magnificent instrument, see the flowers and gardens, statues and walks, buildings and bridges, and listen to the cascades and the murmur of the fountains, as their music mingles with the songs of the gondoliers, is a lifelong inspiration. One of the Utah

musicians who has seen and heard these wonders is Joseph Ballantyne. He experienced more, for he attended the singing contests held in the great Festival Hall, in July. His impressions are

given in this paper. Joseph Ballantyne is a native of Utah, and one

of the youngest sons of Richard Ballantyne, the founder of the Sunday

Schools. He studied in New York, taking a fouryears'course in the

late 90's, and en returning to Ogden continued his musical labors, publicly and privately. He has been specially successful, in teaching the

children, as the stake chorister for the Sunday Schools, a labor which he engaged in by the special request of his father who was for many years leader of the Sunday Schools of Weber. He has also succeeded admirably as teacher in the State schools for the Deaf and Blind, and as director of the Ogden tabernacle choir. Editors.]

II.

MUSIC AT THE WORLD'S FAIR.

BY JOSEPH BALLANTYNE, CONDUCTOR OF THE TABERNACLE CHOIR,

OGDEN, UTAH.

My visit to the Louisiana Purchase Exposition was arranged for at a time when the Competitive Choral Contests were in pro946 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

gress, in Festival Hall. They began the afternoon of Monday, July

11, and ended Saturday afternoon, July 16. There were five

competing choruses in the first grde, and four in grade two. The

awards were made in Festival Hall, Saturday evening, July 16, the first grade, by President Francis, and were as follows:—In

chorus for societies of one hundred or more members, the first prize, $5,000, was awarded to the Scranton, Pa., Oratorio Society. The second prize, $3,500, went to the Evanston, 111., Musical

Club, and the third, $2,500, to the Denver, Col., Choral Society.

In the contests for organizations in the second grade having not less than 60 voices, the first prize, $2,500, was given to the

Denver Select Choir; the second, $l,500,to the Pittsburg,Pa.,Cathedral Choir, and the third, $1,000, to the Ravenswood, 111., Choral

Society. Mr. Watkins was the Conductor of the Scranton Oratorio Society which won first prize in grade one. He is a man of

force and precision in his conducting, always having his chorus under perfect control. He displayed a very high musicianship in

his interpretation of the four choruses rendered. Mr. Henry Housley

(whom the people of Utah will remember as one of the competitors in the Choral Contest at the Eisteddfod some years ago) was the conductor of the Denver Select Choir, which carried off the first prize in grade two. He is known as a composer, organist and conductor, a man of great musical ideas, and one of our best known

conductors.

It was an invaluable opportunity for a person interested in choral work to hear the competing choruses. Surprising as it

may seem, there was marked difference in the interpretation of the choruses by the various conductors, and right here is where a display of the true characteristics of a great conductor are employed. Even in the matter of tempo they were at least twenty

points at variance. It was a pleasure I shall long remember, and

one very much appreciated and enjoyed.

During the week of the choral contests, there were three of the great standard oratorios given. The Creation, by Haydn;

Caractarus, by the modern English composer, Elgar, and the very great and well known Elijah, by Mendelssohn. Three of the competing societies did the chorus work assisted by the regular ExposiAT THE LOUISIANA PURCHASE EXPOSITION. 947

tion orchestra of one hundred pieces. On account of the unfavorable position of the chorus, being far back on the platform behind the orchestra, the choral work was impaired, but the orchestra

was magnificent, well balanced, with the necessary supply of strings and wood wind.

The Saint Louis Exposition has the largest organ in the world. After the close of the Fair, in December, it will be removed from Festival Hall to Kansas City, Mo., where it will have a

permanent place. Each morning at 11 o'clock, there is an organ

recital given on this great organ, for which the small admission fee of ten cents is charged. Some of the greatest organists in the

United States have been engaged to give recitals on this organ, and the greatest of them all, Alex Guilmont, the veteran French organist, is engaged for a series of twenty recitals. Music has

been well cared for at the Fair. There are numerous military

band concerts, almost every day, free vocal and instrumental recitals, in the various state buildings, symphony concerts by the

Exposition orchestra, in Festival Hall, three times a week, and various lighter forms of music always in progress.

It is a matter of sincere congratulation that the Exposition officials have deemed it wise to provide music in its higher forms for their visitors, and all who attend the Fair may have an opportunity, outside the realm of opera, of hearing the master's greatest works, by artists in their special line.

[When it is remembered that last year more than twentysix million dollars in ore were taken out of the mines of Utah, and that every month in the year half a million dollars or more are distributed to Utah mine owners, in dividends, the magnitude of our mineral wealth is partly comprehended. It is, therefore, specially fitting that at the world's great

display of wonders, at St. Louis, Utah should include a machine showing

the process of separating gold from its base surroundings. The marvelous power exerted by this mysterious machine is a source of much wonderment to all who visit Utah's fine and famous mineral exhibit, in the

Palace of Mines and Metallurgy. We present herewith an enthusiastic

description of it as seen by an Eastern writer. Young men who may

not have the privilege of seeing this machine in St. Louis may have the

.

948 IMPRO VEMBNT ERA

opportunity in Salt Lake City, as it will likely be placed in the School of

Mines, in the University of Utah, after the Fair closes. Editors.]

III.

THE CONCENTRATOR AT THE UTAH EXHIBIT.

BY W. C. M'CARTY.

Gold, silver, copper and lead, that have rested in the same ore since the world began, separate themselves at one of the unique exhibits at the World's Fair, and seemingly of their own volition, and before the eyes of the visitor, carry themselves, in a most mysterious fashion, to compartments that man has prepared for them.

There is always something fascinating about grains of bright and shining gold, and doubly so when the metal is displayed in great quantities. This may be seen in Utah's great exhibit in the

Palace of Mines and Metallurgy, where, at the same time and place, may be inspected one of the most mysterious machines that the ingenuity of man nas invented. Not alone may the visitor look,

but he may touch and examine at will, and even more. He will be

given a quantity of the precious metal to carry away with him to do with as he will, and the souvenir is not without value.

The metal, after all impurities have been extracted, is carefully placed into small glass phials, and these are given absolutely free to visitors. All of the metal may not be pure gold. But

there is gold in each little bottle, and some of the bottles contain gold that will sell for as great a sum as five dollars.

The mysterious machine where this transformation of the metals takes place is called the New Concentrator, and it represents absolutely the latest and most perfect machinery to be found in mining enterprises. The machine is no toy. It is a practical

thing, and does its work perfectly. It was installed at a cost of

more than $20,000. Every day it may use up five tons of ore that is

easily worth on the market $50 a ton, and the product is given away to anyone who visits the Utah exhibit, and will accept this unique souvenir of the Fair.

The great machine, which stands 30 feet in the air, and is

AT THE LOUISIANA PURCHASE EXPOSITION. 949

built of burnished steel, copper and silver, is endowed with an intelligence in classifying ore that the human mind can never acquire. It appears to exert a secret and mysterious power over the

metals, and in compliance with its wishes, the particles separate and scamper helterskelter to the homes prepared for them. The

ore that is fed into this wonderful concentrator comes from the

Cactus mines owned by Sam Newhouse, in Utah, and the exhibit is made not only to show the workings of the machine, but also to show to the world the richness of the ores of that state. It has

been claimed that no area of equal size in the world, can produce so varied an assortment of rich ores as can that wonderful state.

The concentrator does not resemble any machine that was ever made. Long, burnished steel tubes spread out over it, and

run from the top to the bottom. They cross and recross like the

tentacles of an octopus. Through these tubes pass the ores, mingling with the water, and, assisted by it, separating and going on

their way to the places assigned for them. When the ore reaches

the World's Fair grounds, it is just as it comes from the mines.

Barring occasional streaks of goldbearing quartz or silver, lead or copper, the ore does not differ greatly in appearance, when viewed by the unpracticed mining man, from the limestone and sandstone quarried in Missouri and Illinois. The ore comes in chunks the

size of a man's head, and even larger. Below the machine is a

powerful crusher. The chunks of ore are crushed to particles

which the expert in charge of the machine says are the size of ''pea gravel."The crushed ore falls into a bin, and is carried to

the top of the machine, in a kind of elevator contrivance. One

can look through the glass sides of this elevator, and see the shining ore in the series of buckets. The gravel is forced from the

bin to the top into a big revolving, round screen, with comparatively large meshes. From this screen there are two pipes; one

carries away the product that goes through the screen, and the other takes away the larger pieces, and returns them to another crusher that reduces the ore to a finer state, and frees whatever metal may yet remain. The particles that get through the screen

are carried through a long, slender tube to jig No. 1, an oblong

i box with a false bottom made out of coarse screen. The box

950 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

filled with water, and a pump at one side agitates the water against the bottom, and carries the heavy and valuable metals to the bottom of the screen, while the stone and waste material are permitted to escape through a pipe, and are carried away. From this

first jig much pure metal is obtained.

There are four jigs. In each successive jig, the screen at

the bottom possesses finer meshes, and the particles that go through them are smaller. The pieces that do not go through are

carried off and contain nothing of value. In each jig quantities of

"concentrates,"as the metal thus separated is termed, are collected and carried to receptacles prepared for them. The jigs occupy space down near the floor, and each is fed from a separator

that corresponds to it in number, and is perched high up in the mysterious machine above it. The force of gravity, and the liberal supply of water, carry the crushed ore down into the jig.

From the last separator, when the ore is reduced to merely sand, the product is carried down to a large table about five by eight feet. This sand, while rich in ore, was always simple waste until

this marvelous machine was invented. Now every particle of valuable ore is collected and saved, and only the worthless sand is

carried away with the water.

This table is the spectacular part of the entire process; here,

on a slightly inclined surface, and within a few feet of the reach of the visitor, the metals all align themselves, and in the journey across the table they separate themselves and form a rainbow of color that is marvelously beautiful. The surface of thetable is

covered with a dull colored linoleum. Small cleats of wood are

nailed on the surface of the table, lengthwise. They reach upward not to exceed a quarter of an inch. The table slants just a

trifle, and is shaken lengthwise at the rate of 240 strokes per minute. The dull, colored sand reaches the table through a long tube

from the last separator, and is spilled on the upper corner. A

stream of water comes down through the same pipe. The vibrations of the table carry the sand diagonally across it. The water

that accompanies the sand accelerates its journey. The heavier

metal clings more tightly to the watercovered linoleum, and is carried the entire length of the table. The sand from which all

the metal has been freed is quite light, in comparison, and takes a

AT THE LOUISIANA PURCHASE EXPOSITION. 951

shorter course, and is thrown into a vat and is carried away as waste.

It is around this table that the World's Fair crowds of visitors linger and marvel. The graycolored stone comprises the lar.

ger part of the mass. The upper edge of the table appears to be

covered with a wide and beautifully colored ribbon. This is a series of streaks of the metals as they align themselves. The gold,

being the heaviest of all,forms the outer edge. Its rich,yellow tinge

stands out in bold relief against the gray of the silver, the next heaviest metal. Then comes a strip of brown copper, and a strip

of black lead. There are other metals mingled with these four

most important commercial metals, and they combine to make a beautiful screen, as they are partially held in suspension in the film of water that covers the entire table. The "concentrates,"as

the product is termed, is placed in small glass phials, and is given free to visitors, and there are always plenty around while the mysterious machine is in operation.

At the conclusion of the World's Fair, the plant will be installed in the Utah School of Mines. The idea was evolved by Mr.

S. T. Whitaker, Utah's Executive Commissioner. Dr. R. H. Bradford, of the Utah School of Mines, is in direct charge of the operation of the plant.

THE POWER THAT HOLDS.

If thou art worsted in the fight,

Art scarred, and faint and worn,

Remember, from defeat like this

The greatest strength is born.

Or, if upon the rampart high Thy standard waves amain, Guard well the fortress thou hast had

Courage and zeal to gain.

fight and win, To strive and lose—to

Armored thou still must be, Godgiven the power that holds thee firm

In loss, or victory.—Selected.

SOME LEADING EVENTS IN THE CURRENT

STORY OF THE WORLD.

BY DR. JOSEPH M. TANNER, SUPERINTENDENT OF CHURCH SCHOOLS.

The Battle of Liao Yang.

The battle of Liao Yang, fought during the closing days of

August, (beginning the 24th, the day of the christening of the

Czarevitch, and concluded September 3), and the first days of

September, will stand forth memorable in the great battles of the world as one of the epochmaking encounters of history. If

the Japanese should finally prove victorious, and force Russia into the acceptance of humiliating terms of peace, some one of the battles, during the present war, will stand out as among the decisive battles of the world. It will be the demonstration of the military superiority of an Asiatic over a European race. Just what

was the loss to these great armies during the days of the intense struggle will, perhaps, not be known for some time to come. It

was early stated that the Russian loss would reach something like seventeen thousand. Later estimates fixed the loss of the two

armies at fifty thousand.

Again, it is difficult to say just how many soldiers were engaged in the fights about Liao Yang. According to reports, the

Japanese had something like two hundred thousand men; and,

from the reports given to the world from St. Petersburg, the Russians had about one hundred and seventy thousand. This report,

however, from St. Petersburg was given out some weeks before

the battle took place, and it is known that the Russians were sending recruits as rapidly as possible to Kuropatkin's support. Again,

it is known that the Russians have given out estimates of their

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 953

fighting strength in Manchuria below the actual number of men.

This has been done, it is said, with the intention of alluring the

Japanese into battle at places thought by the Russians to be impregnable. Taking, however, a conservative estimate, there must

have been nearly four hundred thousand men on both sides.

In our own Civil War there were many battles in which large numbers of men were brought into action, but our battle fields were not so densely covered. The whole number of troops on both

sides at Gettysburg, for example, did not reach one hundred and sixty thousand. In the war between France and Germany in 18701871, the forces both at Metz and Sedan were very large. At

Sedan, there must have been four hundred thousand men. The

greatest number of men, however, that has been marshalled together in recent times was at Leipsic where the allied forces had two hundred and ninety thousand with which to oppose the one hundred and fifty thousand under the command of Napoleon. This

would make the battle of Leipsic, in point of numbers, exceed that of Liao Yang by forty thousand.

Although the army of the Japanese exceeded that of the Russians by at least thirty thousand, the position of the Russians was far superior to that of the Japanese, the latter being compelled to fight Kuropatkin on his chosen battle ground. The hilly country

about Liao Yang made it an excellent position for defensive tactics, so that the strategic advantages of the Russians far outweighed the superior numerical strength of the Japanese; and it may fairly

be said that the latter are entitled to the credit of superior military ingenuity and heroism.

Kuropatkin, on the other hand, is praised for his ability to extricate himself from a complete surrender or annihilation. He

has succeeded in withdrawing his troops to the city of Mukden;

but as this city possesses no military advantages, he must select some point north of Mukden at which to concentrate his forces for another great encounter. The Japanese were not in a position to

follow up their dearly bought victory, as their men were in absolute need of rest, and supplies had to be brought up for the support of the army.

It was hoped, by the Russians, that the battle of Liao Yang would result in a Japanese repulse. Orders have now been given

954 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

to forward great numbers of soldiers from Russia to the front, in the hope of saving Harbin, the most valuable to Russia of all Manchurian cities. With the loss of Harbin, the Japanese would be in

complete control of Manchuria,and have Port Arthur and Vladivostok at their disposal. It looks very much as though there might

be two months of hard fighting before the Japanese could reach

Harbin, especially if the Russians are largely reinforced by recruits from the west.

A Japanese Balance Sheet.

The Vladivostok fleet played great havoc with neutral ships engaged in commerce with Japan. The losses to Japan through

these raids have been very great, as Japan was very greatly handicapped by the necessity of keeping the main part of her fleet at

Port Arthur, to meet any emergency in the last days of the siege.

As soon, however, as the Port Arthur fleet had been practically demolished, in its efforts to escape on the 10th day of August,

Kamimura was detailed with a sufficient number of ships to engage successfully the Vladivostok fleet, in any future raids it might undertake. That fleet was caught and also demolished; and what

is remarkable about the naval battle between the Japanese and the

Russians, is the sinking of the Russian battleship Rurik, four hundred of whose men Kamimura rescued from a watery grave.

To understand the appearance of this international balance sheet, one must go back to the war of 1894-5, between China and

Japan. Russia at that time did not at all appreciate Japanese victories; and Russia, therefore, did all that she could to humiliate

Japan by cutting off every possible Japanese advantage,in the treaty that followed the war. The Russians were really guilty of some

bulldozing, and menaced Japan, and embarrassed her at every turn.

In 1895, the Japanese had sent their high commissioner to

Chefoo, a Chinese port, to sign the peace protocol,the minutes of an international treaty or other political understanding. In order to

intimidate the Japanese and make them appreciate Russia's naval greatness, the Russians cleared the battleship Rurik, which the

Japanese have just sent to the bottom of the sea, for action. The

Rurik at last got the opportunity which she seemed so anxious to have nine years ago. So far as the Rurik is concerned, the balCURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 955

ance sheet is complete, and Russia has been taught that "he who laughs last laughs best."

A Question of Citizenship.

A very interesting question of citizenship arose in this country, as it was announced that Mrs. Florence Maybrick had set sail

for the United States. It will be remembered that Mrs. Maybrick,

an American girl, married an Englishman, and left her own country to make her home with him. According to an arrangement

between Great Britain and the United States, such an act would make her a citizen of the former country, her citizenship being determined by the citizenship of her husband. After they had

lived together for a while, she was convicted of having killed him, by means of poison. Her sentence was commuted from one of

death to one of life imprisonment; and after she had served some

fifteen years in an English prison, she was released.

Her case was one in which the people, both in this country and in Great Britain, took, for many years, a lively interest. In

the United States there was quite a strong and evergrowing conviction that the woman was innocent of the crime of which she was convicted. That opinion was also shared by some English

people, especially by the Lord Chief Justice of England, who was her attorney at the time of the trial, and before he was promoted to the bench. The profound respect in which the judgments of

courts in Great Britain are held is so great that it is hardly possible, in this country, to appreciate the reverence that Englishmen have for their judicial procedure.

The question now, however, arises: "Is Mrs. Maybrick, under

the terms of our statute, entitled to admission into the United

States?"The statute forbids admission into the United States to

those "who have been convicted of a felony or other infamous crime or misdemeanor involving moral turpitude."Our international law provides that when a woman resides in a foreign country with a man to whom she has been lawfully married, and who

is himself a citizen of that country, the citizenship of the woman s determined by that of her husband.

It will be remembered that Nellie Grant married Algernon

Sartoris, a British subject, and lived with him until his death, in 956 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

1896. In 1898, Congress passed a bill conferring upon her American citizenship. Whether the course was absolutely necessaryhas been a question of some doubt. It would seem not, from a

ruling given by Secretary Hay, who has held that when an American woman, whose citizenship has been changed by marriage, is divorced (which for purposes of retaining citizenship would be equivalent to death), she is entitled to resume her citizenship in this country, provided her conduct expresses the intent to make the United States her future home. Mrs. Maybrick has enjoyed

the sympathy quite generally of this country because of the belief in her innocence. Her landing was felicitated, and she will undoubtedly be the recipient of considerable popularity.

Another Reason Why Our Sympathies are with Japan.

In countries like the United States and Great Britain, national sympathies towards foreign countries are based very largely upon the treatment which those countries accord to their citizens. No despotic country could ever stand very high in the favor of the people

of the United States. Liberty of action and personal rights are

so dear to us that we are deeply in sympathy with the inhabitants of those countries that are ruled in a spirit of despotism.

There is a general tendency towards liberty of action, in emigrating to and becoming citizens of foreign countries. A Russian

cannot become a citizen of the United States without the imperial consent of Russia. If he did so, he would be liable to the loss of

all his civil rights; in other words, if he had property in that country, he could lay no claim to it. He could not enforce the payment

of debts due him. He would be subject to perpetual banishment

from the empire. If he ventured to return to Russia, he would be

deported to Siberia. Jews who come to this country are not allowed even to enter Russia again without special consent.

There is no treaty between the United States and Russia respecting the subjects of the Czar who become American citizens.

A Russian who becomes an American citizen must take his chances, if he returns to Russia. Our country could do nothing

for him. Of course, as a rule, none care to return. It is to be

hoped that Russia will see her way to accord something to the demands of modern civilization to the subjects of that empire.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

SOCIAL DUTIES.

The improvement associations have local missionaries set apart by the bishops of the wards. The work of these officers is of

great importance, and by proper care can be made very effective.

In line with this work, and which should also be considered by our associations, are the social amenities due to strangers, and that we owe to each other. Not only are our young people frequently

thoughtlessly neglectful in these respects, but this carelessness extends to the people of the ward as a whole, including the teachers and ward officers, whose special duty it is to look after these things.

It has become so customary to look out for oneself, to be independent, that the thought of showing anxiety for others, or that any one in our midst could be in a dependent mood, seems not often to arise in our minds. This has led to an apparent coldness and

lack of sociability among us which has caused offense to many of our friends, and been a stumbling block to strangers even of our own faith.

I call to mind that not long ago, a young lady was desirous of obtaining a passage to England. Against much prejudice in her

native land, she had joined the Church, embracing the gospel against the wishes of her friends. She had come to Utah, and

now, after living here several months, she felt as if she were in a foreign land among strangers, and had concluded, therefore, to return to her old home. Enquiring as to the reason for her dissatisfaction, it was learned that she had been here for six, seven or

eight months, and had not made a single acquaintance among the 958 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Latterday Saints. She had found employment with people not in

the Church, and had never been invited into the home of a Latterday Saint. She went to meetings, but no one ever shook hands

with her; no one took pains to enquire who she was, where she was

living, where she came from, or where she was going. She was

looked upon as a stranger, and in turn looked upon others as strangers, and had not the adaptability to come into the confidence of any Latterday Saint. Hence, she became thoroughly discouraged, not to say disgusted, and concluded that if this was the reception and treatment she was to receive from the Saints, after

having been turned away by her friends when she received the gospel, having joined the Church for the love of its principles, and having faith in its this was to be the treatment, she people—if

wanted no more of it.

It may be that the young woman in this really sad case was to blame for not insisting on being received, for not being independent and taking hold of affairs without aid, but all are not constituted that way, are not aggressive, but it is evident there was much fault, not in our social organization, for that is wellnigh perfect—with our teachers, and the priesthood quorums, our ward

in theimprovement, Sunday School, and women's associations—but

execution of its arrangements, in the performance of duty by officers, and in the social amenities of men and women chosen for this important labor. All that the young woman needed was a

kind word, some one to say, "How do you do? What is your name?

Where are you living? Are you a member of the Church?"and

upon learning that she was alone in the City of Salt Lake, without father, mother, sister or brother, friend or acquaintance, some one to ask her to pay them a visit, or offer her some kindness, or show some interest in her, in her lone condition.

Of course, there are many examples, where proper action has been taken by officers of the Church or its organizations, to offset this one case where inattention was shown; but that there should

be any neglected person among this people is both needless and wrong. One case is more than should ever be found, but 1 comprehend that there is among us too much indifference to those

around us. We not only neglect in this way our neighbors who

are strangers to us, but we actually neglect, criminally when it is

EDITOR'S TABLE. 959

really considered, our own people who should receive some notice and attention from us.

The city people have become accustomed to living near neighbors for years without associating together. There are instances

where good people, well acquainted in business and upon the street, have lived neighbors for twentyfive or more years, and yet not invited each other to their homes, to take dinner together, nor to have a social hour or evening. They live so near each other

that they can almost shake hands, from door to door, yet never call, nor associate together; they are perfectly exclusive. That

is not a wise nor a good way, especially when, as Latterday Saints, we should be looking after the welfare of mankind, by preachit not be much in* the gospel in word and indeed. Would

better if we arranged a little dinner, or invited our neighbor to come and join us in a little social, to become acquainted and make him feel we are not strangers to him, nor he to us? And let us

remember the definition which Christ sanctioned of neighbor, as well as the requirement: He that showeth mercy unto me my

neighbor, and the commandment is: Thou shalt love thy neighbor

1 hope we shall do better. But there is really little sociability

among us, and there is an exclusiveness that is not in keeping with the warmth of the gospel. We do not think enough of each other of.each no notice or little take we other; for each care do not we the without, street the on other each finally, we pass and other;

sMghtest recognition. We scarcely bow to a brother unless we

are really intimate with him. That is not the spirit that belongs

and sociabihty friendship to that It is contrary monism.":<<M in the I believe Saints. Latterday to characterize that ought

broadest most charitable, the kindest and most loving, spirit that men to exercise or to it is possible for broadminded and bigsouled possess! and that this spirit ought to be the spirit possessed and

diffused bv the Saints everywhere.

Let us, then, gather in the honest in heart, and treat them aractenst.c c love and warmth of spirit the with other each and the drunken the unfortunate, the about talk Then gospel. the or be to ought They either. them, shun not Do erring! the weak save let us is possible, it if and, else; everybody as"we lavtd

960 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

them, too, as well as the worthy, the good and the pure. Let us

save the sinner, and bring him to a knowledge of the truth, if possible.

Our Mutual Improvement Associations are invited to make a specialty of this social work; the bishops should lend their aid to

the officers in selecting and setting apart capable and experienced missionaries, as well as ward teachers,.who should devote their energies, among other things, to the development of a more social

spirit among the people. The indifferent youth as well as the

stranger and the friendless, in our midst, should be made welcome at our gatherings, and be induced to feel at home among the people of God. And then, let it be remembered, every family, every

person, ha? a duty in this line. Because men or women are not

ward or association officers is no good reason why they should be exempt from the common social amenities of life, nor why they should not be subject to doing good temporally, spiritually and

socially.

Joseph F. Smith.

"the lesser priesthood"

Is a work of 196 pages, just issued by the press of the Deseret

News, and written by Prof. Jos. B. Keeler, of the faculty of the

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah. It is designed for the

use of the Church schools and priesthood quorums, and is a compilation of authentic statements concerning tte subject which it treats. The notes and references on Church government are especially valuable, classified, as they are, and subdivided for the use

of students. Each chapter contains a review and supplementary

work.the whole being an excellent arrangement for study. It contains also a chapter on each of the auxiliary organizations; and,

best of all, a brief concordance of the Book of Doctrine and Covenants, the most extensive heretofore published. The book is on

sale at the Deseret News Book Store, price 50c.

OUR WORK.

FIVE ESSENTIALS FOR A SUCCESSFUL SUPERINTENDENT."

Elder Preston D. Richards, to whom this subject was assigned

spoke as follows in one of the officers'meetings of our late conference.

Ward presidents may well apply the remarks to themselves until the "Five Essentials for a Successful Ward President"shall appear in the next number of the Era:—

I believe it is understood that I am expected to approach this subject from the viewpoint of a ward president, and, therefore, if you do not see eye to eye with me, I will not attribute it to your defective eyesight so much as to the fact that we are viewing the elephant from different viewpoints. I have not attempted any classification of my

points, with reference to their relative importance.

Now, of course, the spiritual condition of the person, as referred to in the first session of our conference yesterday, must be right; and

without that condition, it is of little use for us to consider further the essentials for a successful superintendent. If he is lacking in that one,

he is not even fit for consideration in any line, as I look at it.

The first essential that I have chosen, is the power to enthuse. This

essential is beautifully illustrated, I consider, in this conference. There

is not a member present who will go away from this conference and feel that he has not been enthused by our general superin tendency. There

is not one who will not go away with a greater determination of accomplishing what the spirit of this work demands. The superintendent

comes in contact with the ward presidents, and should have the power to enthuse them. In order to have this power, he must be enthusiastic

himself; and then, when the ward meetings are called, he will have the

ability, through contact, by what he says and does, so to impart the spirit of this work unto the ward presidents that they will carry this spirit to their respective wards, and the members of the associations will partake of this spirit of enthusiasm. The result will be that the presi962 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

dents will be energetic workers, and they will be anxious to make their association one of the leading associations, or, at least, see to it that it shall not be the last; also, through their enthusiasm, they will make

their association popular. Young minds hunger after what is popular;

and it is just as natural for them to rally around anything that is popular, as it is for them to be repulsed by anything that is dry, unpopular and uninteresting.

Under this heading of power to enthuse, I have always considered that at least the superintendent must possess this power to the extent of being thoroughly alive to his duties. If he is, I believe, then, that

original thought will find root in his mind, and these original thoughts, plans and schemes, which are absolutely essential to successful mutual work, will be imparted to the ward presidents, thereby making the work more interesting and attractive to the workers in the associations.

There is no need of a man's enthusiasm getting away with his judgment.

Of course, we will have to see that he has good judgment with his enthusiasm. Furthermore, he must have enthusiasm combined with good

leadership, that his officers will be pleased to rally around him, and anxious to accomplish the plans that he dictates and suggests. Without this

faculty of leadership, it will be difficult, indeed, for the superintendent to successfully accomplish his work.

The second essential that I have chosen for a superintendent, as expressed in the language of Emerson, with the substitutionof a few words of my own, is: "The chief want of a superintendent is someone to

make him do the best he can."Of course, I grant that we ward presidents are the most perfect men on earth, and that we spend time lying

awake nights trying to think up schemes to interest the young people, and to build up the association; but, for the benefit of superintendents, I would suggest that there is still room for improvement, even

in us ward presidents. I have just finished reading a book, and the

text which manufactured the hero of this book is this: "When bull

once takes hold, all heaven and earth can't make him let go."I am not

desirous of introducing bulldogism into the mutual work, but I consider that this characteristic is an essential for the stake superintendent.

This comes right in line with the ability to make us do the best we can.

When a plan is suggested by the superintendent, and when it is adopted at an officers'meeting, by all the ward presidents assembled, the superintendent should not be satisfied with that alone, but he should hold on to that plan or scheme, until he has seen it established in every association in his stake, not because that one plan is so absolutely necessary to the welfare of the associations of the stake, but for the moral effect.

OUR WORK. 963

Let the ward presidents get the idea, at the outset, so thoroughly that they will never forget that whenever the superintendent once takes hold of a proposition that is good, all heaven and earth cannot make him let go until he has seen that scheme established in every organization in the stake; and let them not treat the plans of the superintendent with indifference, and feel that they can carry them out or not, as they please;

because, I want to tell you, with all our perfections, we are a pretty lazy lot of fellows, we ward presidents. But the laziest of us may be

the best material that the superintendent has to work with. We are

all acquainted with the fact that sometimes the horse on the turf that is the laziest, and that, if he is permitted to have his own way, would never get farther than the halfmile, when the other horse has completed the race, if he is kept under the lash of the rider, and made to do the best he can, in many cases he will win the race; and not only that,

but he is the best material among the competitors, and so are some of us. Some of the best horseflesh you have in the associations are men

who, if kept in the line of duty, may be made to come out a neck, at least, ahead of all the rest of the associations in your stake, if you, as the driver, only keep them under the lash.

The third point that I have selected is the faculty of suggesting without discouraging. The driver of that horse, to which I referred,

must be a man full of tact, or, perhaps, with all his horse's good traits and qualities, he will balk. If the superintendent has not the tact of

suggesting to the ward presidents the things they should adopt, without discouraging them, without antagonizing, the very thing they are going to do is to show the superintendent that they do not have to, nor are they obliged to, comply with his requests. I say that is an absolute

essential, and if the superintendent has not the ability, then he is decidedly deficient. He must not only have the power to suggest without

discouraging, but also the power to suggest, and at the same time enthuse with the spirit of the work, and make the president of the association feel in such a way, that his greatest desire will be to try that scheme, and prove if it be all right.

The fourth essential that I have chosen is the spirit of discernment, and I have subdivided that:

1st. The superintendent must be a man who is able, to use a common but expressive saying, to size up a man. One of our stake presidents has said that it is a very easy matter to get a man into a position,

but a mighty hard thing to get him out. The superintendent, then,

should be a man who is able to discern, in the prospective officers under his jurisdiction, their good traits; what they are good for, their ability;

964 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

in short, he must be a man who is able to "size them up,"and know what they are good for, before getting them into a position, because if he once gets them into position, it is going to be hard to get them out, if they are trying to do their duty. And if they are defective in some

of the things I mentioned, and yet seek to perform their duty, under these circumstances it will take all the superintendent's time to see that they properly perform their duties. Therefore, it is necessary to see

that the superintendent has this faculty, in order that he may be able to select his aids. The superintendent alone is not able to visit all the associations in his stake, and see that each one is properly carrying out

the plans adopted, and that they are all working, at least. That work

is left to his aids, and that is why this office of aid was created. The

superintendent's duty is to do as the name of his office implies, to susupervise the aids, and see that they are attending to theirpervise—to

duties, and the aids will see that the ward presidents are doing their duty. Therefore, the aids also must be of good material, and the superintendent must be a man who is able to see which of his prospective aids

are of good material.

2nd. He must be a man who is able to discern, in an association,

its weaknesses, and also its strong points. Right here, let me suggest, that

if you want to approach us ward presidents effectively, so that we will carry out your propositions, you must be a man who is able to discern in our associations our strong points, and also our weaknesses. Spend about

five minutes bragging us up for our strong points, and about half an hour pointing out oar weaknesses, and we will feel better towards you for it. That is generally the case. I do not say that it is a principle

that should exist, but it does exist, and you have to deal with it as superintendents. I do not consider that a superintendent is justified in

coming to our ward associations and commending us on our good points without, whenever he does so, he points out our weaknesses; and it is

a duty of the president to keep before his mind this question—perhaps

If weparamount to all other questions—Where are our weaknesses?

are hunting for our weaknesses, there is a chance for progression; but

if, as presidents, we become drunken with the idea that our associations are perfect, we are almost sure to fall into the rut of retrogression.

3rd. The third point, or subdivision of the "spirit of discernment:"

The superintendent must be a man who is able to discern within himself, through the process of retrospection, when he becomes a clog in the

Mutual Improvement Association machinery. It is an easy matter to

get a man into position, but it is a hard matter to get him out. There

TALK ABOUT THE ERA. 965

is no more effective way for this important thing to be accomplished than for the superintendent himself, when he proves to the satisfaction of himself, and has proved to the satisfaction of the stake presidency, that he is not capable of a thorough discharge of the duties of his office, to take the initiative. A man may possess all these attributes, all these

essentials that I have mentioned, and yet if he does not possess this las 4, 1 consider, as a ward president, that he is hardly fit to be a svperirtendent.

I consider that there are a very few things among us as a people that are more deplorable than our tardiness. It is becoming almost

traditional that our meetings do not commence until half or threequar- ters of an hour after the time set. THs was beautifully illustrated in

the example given yesterday, in which it was stated that the ward president said the session commenced at halfpast seven, but that he did not need to be there until a quarter after eight. By the way, I might call

your attention to the fact 4,hat the stake superintendent, who was there upon that occasion, did not tell us at what time he called together his last officers'meeting, when he presided. The brethren will pardon this

apparent reflection; it is not a reflection. I only mentioned it to illustrate a point. If our officers'meetings are not commenced on time,

every ward association represented will partake of the spirit of tardiness, and will carry that spirit to the different organizations of their stake, and in this way, to an extent, the stake superintendent himself will be directly responsible for the tardiness. I consider that

any superintendent who approaches a meetinghouse fifteen minutes after a meeting has been called (M. I. A. meeting) will do that association much more good by turning around and going home, rather than

go to his association meeting fifteen minutes late, because of the bad example he would set to that association, which would do more harm than anything that he could say or do to accomplish good.

TALK ABOUT THE ERA.

This number ends volume seven of the Era. Both the publishers and

subscribers who have upheld them by loyal support, have cause for congratulation over the successful work of the past. The prospects for

volume eight are bright. We invite our subscribers to read the prospectus in this number, and to forward their subscription for volume eight

on the blank provided. Please attend to this now, without delay. It

will facilitate the work of the office, and prevent the subscriber experiencing any failure to receive future numbers.

966 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Presidents of associations should make immediate arrangements to canvass their wards, and to get the per cent of subscribers (five per cent of the Church population) that will insure their association a return of twentyfive cents for each subscriber. A day now is worth a week

in January. Get the matter off your hands, so that it will not interfere

with your association work, and so that subscribers may have the benefit of the numbers as issued. All the officers are expected first to become

subscribers. There will then be little trouble to induce others to take

the magazine. The large and valuable Manual (worth fifty cents) is sent

free to each subscriber.

It has been observed that where the Era is well patronized and read, the associations are upto-date in all their work. The magazine is

popular with the readers and thinkers in the Church, and it is the design to make it a worthy representative of the most thoughtful, as well as the favorite with the boys and young men who love clean, entertaining and useful reading. Its pages are open for all who have ideas of value

and interest to the youth. In closing the present volume, we are grateful to the Lord for the success the Bra has achieved, and to our friends

for their loyal support, a continuation of which we kindly solicit.

Here are a few sample comments on the Improvement Era, by some who have read it. We have only space for a few out of many:

"They Say:"

"I find its contents both interesting and elevating."George R. Williams, Jackson, Miss.

"I am a new subscriber, but from now on, I intend to be a faithful one."—W. R. Bullock, Salt Lake City.

"1 appreciate the efforts of the editors of the Era in behalf of the—Shirleyyoung. TheH. talksJohnson,to youngColoniamenChuiachupa,have been Mexico.of the greatest value to me."

"I have read some of the Eras. 1 find them very fine reading, and

although I am not a 'Mormon,'they are good enough for me."Clifford

Van Hansen, Schuyler, Neb.

"I have always prized the editorial department of the Era as worth many times the price of the magazine. A monthly chat with the President of the Church on what he thinks best for the young men, is a rare

privilege, and a worthy feature."Newel K. Young, Colonia Pacheco,

Mexico. "I read the Era and enjoy it very much."Lorenzo Swenson, Montpelier, Idaho.

"Every article in the March number interests me very much. The

Era is a fine paper, well worth the money."E. G. Whitwood, Spanish

Fork, Utah.

TALK ABOUT THE ERA. 967

"I am very much interested in the Era, especially do I like the talks to young men, and the editor's department."—Albert Zollinger, Marvsville, Idaho.

"It is surely what it professes to be—an Improvement Era, and a

missionary. It has my best wishes."—,?. C. Young, blue Water, New

Mexico. "The Era is a welcome friend in the mission field, and is indispensable to the progressive and thinking Latterday Saint."—0. H. Bybee, W. M. Waddoups.

"I consider the Era one of the best magazines I have ever had the privilege of reading. Its articles are good, grand, and of a high moral

character."M. A. Stewart, Bisbee, Arizona.

"Every story printed in the Era is elevating and educational. I

always read the talks to young men. That department alone is worth

the price to me."—John C. Jacobs, Torrey, Wayne Co., Utah.

"I think the Era is easily the first of our Church publications."

Roy D. Thatcher, Logan, Utah.

"I consider the articles in the Era both pertinent and timely, embodying all the variety needed to satisfy every class of its numerous readers, and fully answering all the demands of the Y. M. M. I. A. Joseph E. Taylor, Salt Lake City.

"To me the Era is now 'the best in the land,'as almost every article contains some lesson that is valuable and interesting."Lafayette Orme,

Tooele City, Utah.

"I can hardly wait for the next issue."Le Roy E. Cowles, Heber,

Utah.—W."IH.readPetty,the Logan,Era, andUtah.am very much interested in what it contains."

"Permit me to take this opportunity to heartily compliment you onthe excellency of our Era."—Richard T. Haag, Paris, Idaho.

"The young man, or Latterday Saint, who fails to read and digest the Era is losing that which cannot be gained by the reading of any other magazine."J. Lorin Hatch, Logan, Utah.

"The magazine is a perfect 'gem,'and reflects much credit upon those directly connected with its management. Not long since, the

writer solicited a subscription for the Era from a brother who replied that his circumstances were such as to render it impossible for him to respond during the present year. I handed him a copy I had been reading, feeling if he was unable to subscribe, I should like him to enjoy with

me the results of my subscription. The next day we met, and he thanked

me greatly for the loan of the magazine, and stated one article which he had read was worth more than a year's subscription to him. He at once

became a subscriber. Wishing you continued success, your brother in.

the Gospel."Jos. W. Musser, Heber, Utah.

EVENTS OF THE MONTH.

Local—August, 1904.

frost wrought great damage in Cache, Severe Frost.—A severe

Morgan, Ogden, Bear Lake and other high valleys, on the night of the 21st. Potatoes, and tender vines, were destroyed, and in Morgan the

potato crop is half ruined.

25th, four hundred and sixtyThe Republican Ticket.—On the

Republicans met in the Salt Lake Theatre and nominated the following state and national ticket.:

For Governor, John C. Cutler; for Secretary of State, Charles S.

Tingey, Salt Lake City; for Treasurer, James Christiansen, of Sevier; for

Superintendent of Schools, A. C. Nelson, of Sanpete; for AttorneyGener-

al, M. A. Breeden, of Ogden; for Justice of the Supreme Court, Daniel

Newton Straup, of Salt Lake; for Auditor, J. A Edwards, of Box Elder;

for presidential electors: E. W. Wade, Weber, H. P. Myton, Salt Lake,

D. H. Cannon, Washington; for Congress, Joseph Howell. There was a

spirited contest for the nomination for governor between Heber M. Wells

and John C. Cutler, the latter winning on the second ballot, after the

withdrawal of James T. Hammond. First ballot: Wells 194, Hammond

52, Cutler 214; second ballot, Cutler 239, Wells 221. James A. Miner,

Salt Lake, was later chosen, vice D. H. Cannon, resigned, as presidential elector. William Spry, was chosen chairman of the State Committee.

Mining Congress and "Mormons."—The American Mining Congress held its annual session at Portland, Oregon, this year. Among the

questions to come up was the selection of permanent quarters. This

was considered on the 25th, and an eloquent plea for Salt Lake had been made by Judge 0. W. Powers. Lafe Pence, of Idaho, a former Congressman from Colorado, then injected the "Mormon"question into the conEVENTS OF THE MONTH. 969

troversy, with the result that later the permanent quarters went to

Denver. Judge Powers held his own in defense of Salt Lake, and declared that Utah will solve the "Mormon"problem in her own way, and

to the satisfaction of the country. This sent; ment was indorsed, judging by the applause of the largest assembly that has yet attended the

sessions of the Congress. Dr. J. E. Talmage made a tenminute eloquent defense of Utah, in which he fairly blistered Pence with a flow of

invective that astonished all who heard him—in very polite language he

practically called Pence a liar, coward and traducer of womanhood. On

the 26th, the Utah delegation met and passed resolutions denouncing the vindictive and vicious insinuations of the Colorado delegation which cast a gratuitous insult upon the people of Utah; also the course of the Fortland Oregonian, which was characterized as "utterly despicable and

wholly alien to the ethics of honest journalism."A telegram from Boise

by prominent men repudiated the action of Pence, and stated that he does not represent the sentiment of the people of Boise. Judge Powers

said that the Utah delegation did not mind the defeat, but objected to the way it was done. Pence's speech, and the way the Utah representatives were treated, was an insult to every woman in Utah. The Rose

Club, composed of the responsible people in Oregon,presented Pence with a boquet for his "admirable defense of womanhood,"but Judge Powers declared "we have as good women in Utah as in any part of the world."

He said further that he would do all he could to keep tourists and strangers from Oregon, and Utah from doing anything financially for the

Lewis and Clark fair.

Black Hawk War Veterans'Reunion.—This was held in Springville four days, closing on Friday, 26th. There was a parade each day,

by the veterans who were camped on the Public square, and who had the free use of the general meetinghouse and grounds. There were sham

battles on Wednesday and Thursday, programs at 10 a. m. and 2. p. m. f

of song, recitation, speech and story, and a dance each night. Refreshments and lunches were served on the grounds. The camp was named

Walker, for it was in Springville that the Walker war broke out. Commander-inChief J. M. Westwood; Adjt.,-General M. S. Pratt, Provo, and

many others, with 2,000 people, were in attendance.

Co., Wednesday, 3d, Susan B. Wright, a Died.—In Deseret, Millard

pioneer of 1847, was found dead in her home. She was born in Clay

County, Mo., June 15, 1830.—In Salt Lake City, Friday 5th, Jane R.

Hocking, a pioneer of 1852. She was born in Cornwall, England, in

1820; received the gospel in 1850, and came to Utah in 1852.—In Lo970 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

gan, Monday, 8th, Robert H. Williams, a patriarch in the Cache Stake,

8th, Thomas Tew,and a pioneer of the county.—In Springville, Monday,

a pioneer of Springville. He was born June 23, 1833, and received the

gospel in 1849, settling in Springville the following year.—At Sweet

Springs, Missouri, Tuesday 9th, George G. Vest, who defended the "Mormon"people in the U. S. Senate, while representing the State of MisCo., 10th, Sophia Noakes,souri in that body.—In Charleston, Wasatch

a pioneer of Utah, and first woman settler in Charleston, age 86 years.

In Hooper, 11th, Anthony Haynes, born England, Sep. 27, 1827, joined

the Church in 1851, came to Utah in 1864.—In West Weber, 13th, Charlotte I. Mills, wife of Richard I. Mills, who came to Utah in 1861. She

City, Sunday, 14th,was 65 years and four months old.—In Salt Lake

Lucinda Clark Angell, who came to Utah with the second company of pioneers. She was born in Clark county, Indiana, January 15, 1822,

and was baptized at the age of 11 years.—In Smithfield, Sunday, 14th,

Alonzo P. Raymond, a member of the Mormon Battalion and a pioneer.

He was born in Vermont, February 14, 85 years ago.—In Spring City,

Sanpete county, Thursday, 18th, James W. Crisp, one of the oldest inhabitants of the county, was accidentally killed by being run over by a

frightened team harnessed to a selfbinder.—In Springville, Thursday,

18th, Lyman S. Wood, a pioneer of Utah county. He was born in Ohio,

April 11, 1832, and was an active worker in the Church.—On the same

date, in Panguitch, Mark J. Burgess was killed by being struck by

lightning.—In Coalville, 18th, Lucy Stevenson, 86 years old, a first settler of Coalville and Summit county, who came to Echo from Nova

Scotia, in 1860.—In Provo, 19th, Joseph E. Page, county attorney of

Utah county, born Payson, February 23, 1866. He was a graduate law

department University of Michigan—In Provo, L9th,Samuel Harding, born

England, July 29, 1828, joined the Church, March 10, 1847, was married to Janet Stowe, Nov. 14, 1849, and came to Utah in Oct., 1852. He was

a policeman 30 years ago in Provo. He leaves 12 children and 108

grandchildren—In Salt Lake City, 21st, Daniel Stuart, born England,

May 3, 1820, came to Missouri in 1847, and to Utah in 1850. He was

a staunch Church member, and was a veteran of the Black Hawk Indian

Salt Lake, 24th, Isaac Adams Hancock, of Payson, born MisWar.—In

souri, August 14, 1837, came to Utah in 1849. He was a pioneer of

Payson, to which place he moved in 1857.—In Huntsville, 28th, Morgan

Powell, a pioneer of Ogden Valley, 85 years of age.—In Salt Lake, 29th,

Henry Reiser, a High Priest of the Pioneer Stake, born Zurich, Switzerland, July 29, 1832, baptized May 16, 1859, arrived in Utah, October 5, 1860, was for 44 years connected with the presidency of the German

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 971

meetings in Salt Lake. He was a watchmaker by trade, and a man of

hospital for the insane, Elgin, Illinois,faith and good works.—In the

29th, David H. Smith, youngest son of the Prophet Joseph Smith, born

Nauvoo, Hancock Co., 111., Nov. 17, 1844. The death will cause sadness

in all the Church, as it was hoped he would recover, and come to a full appreciation of the work of his father.—In Salt Lake City, 30th, Samuel Stringfellow, one of Utah's early settlers, born England, 1831,

joined the Church in 1856, and came to Utah in 1862.

September, 1904.

Vandals at the Tabernacle.—During the recital at the Tabernacle Thursday afternoon, September 1, some fifty or more visiting tourists left their seats in the gallery and tried to leave the building without waiting for the end of the program. The doors, as is the custom

during recitals, were locked; the illmannered throng swarmed down the

north stairway, at the east end of the building, and deliberately broke through the double doors, destroying the lock and bolts. The noise attracted the attention of the doorkeeper who was at the south entrance

of the gallery, who then made his way to the north side, and during his absence, the impatient throng, which had gathered on the stairway on the south, rushed down and broke open the doors at that place. So much

confusion was created that the recital was brought to an end.

The President's Trip South.—Friday, 2nd, Presidents Joseph F.

Smith and Anthon H. Lund, of the Presidency, accompanied by a number

of elders, left Salt Lake City for the purpose of visiting with the Saints of Southern Utah, and meeting with them in their regular quarterly and specially arranged conferences.

Death of Bishop Empey.—Bishop Nelson A. Empey, of the Thirteenth ward, Salt Lake City, died Sunday afternoon, 4th, after a slight

illness of some two or three days. Bishop Empey, who was one of the

best known and most active men in the community, was born in Preston,

Ontario Province, Canada, May 7, 1837. In 1840 he went to Nauvoo

with his parents, where he remained until the exodus in 1846, when he journeyed westward, arriving in Salt Lake Valley in 1848. In 1855 he

was called on an Indian and exploring mission to the White Mountains.

For a number of years he held the commission of Captain in Company he war, Buchanan the During Legion. Nauvoo the in (cavalry) "A"

1 an Echo army the between a messenger as serving part, an active took

Governor Young. In 186768, he performed a mission to the Muddy, in

Nevada and after his return he worked as a contractor on the Union 972 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Pacific railroad. For many years he was one of the presidents of the

thirteenth quorum of Seventy, and filled missions to Canada and Great

Britain. December 31, 1881, he was ordained a High Priest and set

apart as a counselor to Bishop Millen Atwood, of the Thirteenth ward, and after the death of the latter, Elder Empey was ordained to succeed him as bishop of that ward. For many years he had been a member of

the Old Folks'Committee, and also was connected with the Deseret Agriculture and Manufacturing Society, first as director, then as vicepresi- dent, and later, upon the retirement of President John R. Winder, as

president of that Society. The funeral was held in the Assembly Hall,

September 7, 1904. In the November number of the Era will appear a

character sketch of Bishop Empey, by Elder John Nicholson, giving some thrilling incidents in his busy career.

Still Another Cause.—At the Baptist State Convention, held 6th,

in Salt Lake City, N. D. Corser, in an address, made an attack on the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, saying that he favored upholding the standard of Christ in Utah, but there was another standard to be worked for, the standard of American citizenship, and the separation of church and state. He further stated that the great power of the

"Mormon"Church lies in its commercialism. "If any person in this convention wished to go into the boot and shoe business, the grocery business, sugar, furniture, hardware, stoves, harnesses, farming implements

of any kind, clothing, banking, both saving or national, he would have to meet the competition of the 'Mormon'Church. This is the greatest

trouble, and until we can break down the commercialism of the 'Mormon'Church, we need not expect to break it down any other way, for that is the power that holds it together."

On the last day of their convention, 8th, the following resolution was passed, which may well be classed as interfering in politics:

Resolved, that we view with great satisfaction the announcement that a political party is to be organized looking towards the emancipation of Utah from the hierarchy of the "Mormon"Church. The separation of church and state is one of the principles of the Baptist faith, a

principle that was first enunciated into American life by the staunch

Baptist, Roger Williams. In so far as this new party shall serve the

ends of righteousness, in our state, and in so far as it shall be free from political greed and corruption, we do most earnestly assert our belief in the Americanism of this old Baptist principle, and assure them of our hearty sympathy and support.

AntiMormon Political Party.—Wednesday evening, 7th, some

two score antiMormon, disgruntled politicians met in Auerbach hall, Salt

Lake City,and discussed the prospects for an antiMormon political party

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 973

in Utah. Several speeches, in which the Church was accused of interfering in politics, were made. The principal speakers were: Joseph

Lippman and William Nelson, of the Salt Lake Tribune; Judge Samuel

McDowell, Willard F. Snyder and others. Resolutions, to which all who

were present pledged themselves, were adopted as follows:

Whereas, an experience of fourteen years since the first material sign of ihe abatement of troubled conditions here was seen in the promulgation of the Woodruff manifesto, has shown that the promises made were crafty and insincere; that the sought for division of the people on party lines was not carried out in good faith; that both party organizations have been dominated and used for the double purpose of

maintaining an ecclesiastical control which had no regard for either, and of preventing remonstrance or opposition by those who favor the free exercise of individual judgment and preference in political affairs; and,

Whereas, the repeated experience, emphasized by events just past, have fully proved this ecclesiastical dominance is all powerful and persistent, and that it cannot be shaken off so long as those who oppose it are divided into hostile camps, but, on the contrary, since such division of the friends and supporters of American institutions, their voices are stifled and their hands are strengthened of the crafty manipulators of the church power and its application to political affairs; therefore, be it

resolved; 1. That we will no longer play into the hands of the church leaders

by division which simply panders to their desires and purposes.

2. That we will repel with every means at our command the intrusion of ecclesiasticism into politics or the affairs of state.

3. That we refuse to merge Utah affairs in any national party action, since the division thus created paralyzes every effort to Americanize the state.

4. That so far as the affairs here are concerned, any division on

party lines is a sham and a farce, every pledge of the ecclesiastical power to refrain from direction in the political affairs of the people, having been shamelessly violated; every pretense of letting politics alone

a shameful and shallow mockery.

5. That we will never cease to demand the complete freedom in

political affairs, untouched by any taint of apostolic control; that we demand the complete separation of church and state, in fact as well as in

name, and that we will repel to the utmost all efforts to perpetuate the ecclesiastical control of public affairs in Utah.

6. That the public schools are the especial pride of the American

peoplewe resent the grasping domination of the ecclesiastical power therein, and pledge ourselves to shake it off at the earliest possible moment. Church control of the schools must go.

We disclaim most emphatically and positively any desire or purpose to attack any church or assail any one's religious sentiments or church affairs; our purpose is as set forth herein, and no other.

Appealing to all fairminded citizens of Utah to sustain us in this our righteous purpose, definitely, surely and forever to separate church 974 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and state, and asking in this the support of every lover of American institutions, we declare the occasion tor this to be timely, and the provocation repeated and extreme. Come with us, and let us redeem the

State.

Those who were present were: Joseph Lippman, Willard F. Snyder,

William Nelson, David Keith, W. Mont. Ferry, H. J. Dinniny, J. D.

Wood, W. P. Noble, H. G. McMillan, Charles E. Bell, E. B. Critchlow,

Dan Dunne, Isaac Hazelgrove, A. H. Kelley, S. P. Armstrong, W. B.

Allen, Rudolph Alf, George R. Hancock, James Black, B. B. Heywood,

James Kennedy, J. R. Morris, John A. Street, J. J. Stewart, A. R. Carter,

J. W. Cahoon, D. Elliot Kelly, George L. Nye, J. E. Darmer, Samuel McDowell, Frank A. Swenson, A. C. Reese, E. W. Kelly, Henry LaMotte, C.

E. Offanbach, G. R. Cleveland, Henry F. Heath, J. J. Myers, Archibald

Stewart, and Maurice Stifel.

At a mass meeting of the new party—the "American Party"which

Truth characterizes as "a snake in the grass, a mean, crawling, despicable thing, a sneak, one of those thiDgs which strike in the back and in right, 16th,the dark"—held in the Grand theatre, Salt Lake, Wednesday

there was a large number of curious people. Addresses were made by

Senator Dubois of Idaho, Judge Ogden Hiles, Hon. E. B. Critchlow and

Judge Samuel McDowall, and the movement was officially launched, the party named "American,"the nomination of a full ticket decided upon, exclusive of the Judiciary, and it was decided to have an organization effected in every county.

Convention, composed Democratic Ticket.—The democratic State

of 524 delegates, was held in the Salt Lake Theatre, Thursday, September 8, and the following ticket nominated: Governor—James H. Moyle,

of Salt Lake City; Congressman—Orlando W. Powers, of Salt Lake;

Secretary of State—Levi N. Harmon, of Price; AttorneyGeneral

Grant C. Bagley, of Provo; Auditor—J. W. Geiger, of Park City; Treas-

B. Wilson, of Ogden; Superintendent of Public instruction urer—W.

Nathan T. Porter, of Centerville; Justice of Supreme Court—Charles S.

Varian, of Salt Lake; Presidential Electors—Samuel Newhouse, of Salt

Lake; Edward H. Snow, of St. George; Fred J. Kiesel, of Ogden. Simon

Bamberger was chosen chairman of the State Central Committee.

Died.—In Farmington, Davis county, Saturday, September 3,

Elmira Pond Miller, a Nauvoo veteran and Utah pioneer, born Feb. 14,

1811, in Ohio.—In American Fork, Tuesday, 6th, the funeral of Ann

Rowley was held. She was born in Huddersfield, Yorkshire, England,

March 22, 1827; joined the Church in 1847, and for many years was an active worker in the Relief Society, Primary and Y. L. M. I. A. of the stake

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 975

—In Manti, Friday, 9th, Marian Nielsen, one of the early workers of

Sanpete county. She was born Feb. 2, 1871.—In Salt Lake City, Monday,

September 5, Marion Thankful Beatie, a pioneer of 1849. She was the

daughter of Edward T. and Hannah Crosby Mumford, and was born

April 12, 1831, near Salem, Chautauqua county, New York.

Domestic—August, 1904.

Bishop Potter and "The Subway Tavern."—An event that has

caused a great deal of excitement throughout the religious world was the dedication, Tuesday August 2nd, of "The Subway Tavern,"at the corner of Bleeker and Mullburry streets, New York. The dedication was

under the direction of Bishop Henry Codman Potter, of the Episcopal

Church of New York, who made an address of welcome, and led in the singing of "Praise God from whom all blessings flow."The opening of

the tavern is an effort to decrease drunkenness in New York City, by giving to the public a new kind of drinking place, where a man—or a

woman for that matter—who drinks, may go without being under the

necessity of visiting a place of vice like the ordinary saloon. The idea

has been advocated for some time in England, by Earl Gray, and was adopted in the United States by Bishop Potter and others. The tavern

is a sort of semireligious saloon; but, nevertheless, a saloon where all

kinds of intoxicating drinks are sold as well as sodawater, tea, coffee, and milk. Under this system, the manager gets a percentage on all

the tea, coffee and milk which is sold, but not on the liquors which are to be the best of their kind, (i. e. full strength and not diluted with

water) and at a moderate price. By the giving of this percentage, it is

thought the encouragement of the milder drinks will tend to decrease the sale of intoxicants; but the price of liquor being low, and there being no

rule provided against treating, nor against excessive drinking, this is doubtful. If a man becomes drunk, he is not permitted to remain, but

even children in their "teens"have been permitted to enter, and have been supplied with liquor.

The opening of the tavern, and especially the part taken by Bishop

Potter, has called forth a great deal of adverse criticism from his fellow ministers, and from the public press. The stand taken by them being

that instead of decreasing the sale of liquor and drunkenness, it will tend to increase it, since many will resort there on account of the religious sanction given the place, who would not frequent the ordinary saloon. Other objections also are raised. One minister stated, "That a

saloon may be conducted in an orderly manner does not reduce the effect of alcohol on the human body, nor its ultimate effects on the mental and 976 IMPROVEMENT ERA

moral nature;"while another stigmatizes the movement as an effort "to

put out a fire by adding fuel."

The Statesboro Lynching.—On Tuesday the 16th, Georgia added

another to the many revolting crimes of lynching which are so prevalent in certain sections of the nation. According to the press dispaches,

eleven negroes were on trial at Statesboro, Bullock county, charged with the murder of the Hodges family, in the latter part of July. Two negroes had been found guilty and had been sentenced to be hanged, on

September 9. After the sentence, the crowd, aided by the deputy sheriffs, attacked the courthouse, and in spite of the judge's plea that the

testimony of these two men was needed for the conviction of the rest, and in spite of the plea of Rev. Mr. Hodges, brother of the murdered

man, they overpowered the militia, (who were armed with unloaded rifles and made little resistance) and captured the two condemned men. The

two negroes were then taken out of town about two miles, were saturated with ten gallons of kerosene?nd burned at the stake, a local photographer taking pictures of the horrible scene. After this diabolical act, the

party that same night shot and killed three more negroes, one of whom had lived in the settlement for seventy years, and commanded the respect of all law abiding citizens.

Foreign, August, 1904.

the morning of the 24tb, Christening of the Russian Heir.—On

at the Peterhof Palace, in St. Petersburg, the new 12day old heir to the

Russian throne was christened; he received the sacrament, and was invested by the Czar with the insigna of the order of St. Andrew. Then

the bells rang.and 101 guns were fired as a completion of the ceremony.

The Czar issued a manifesto in which he addresses the people as follows:

"By the will of God, we, the Czar and autocrat of all the Russias,

Czar of Poland, Grand Duke of Finland, etc., announce to our faithful

subjects that on this, the day of the christening of our son and heir, the

Grand Duke Alexis Nicholaievitch, following the promptings of our heart, we turn to our great family of the Empire, and with the deepest and most heartfelt pleasure, even amidst these times of national struggle and difficulties, bestow upon them some gifts of our royal favor for their greater enjoyment in their daily lives."

Then follows a long list of benefits bestowed upon many classes of the people. The abolition of corporal punishment among the rural classes, and its curtailment in the army and navy, is among the provisions of

the official proclamation.

A good book is like a good name—better than riches.

Improvement Era

ORGAN OF

YOUNG MEN'S MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS,

CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF RATTERDAY SAINTS.

VOLUME SEVEN.

PUBLISHED BY THE GENERAI, BOARD.

"What you young people want, is a magazine that will make a book to be bound and kept, with something in it worth keeping."—PresidentJohn Taylor.

EDITED BY

JOSEPH F. SMITH AND EDWARD H ANDERSON.

Heber J. Grant and Thomas Hull, Managers.

SAI/T RAKE CITY.

1904.

The Glory of God is Intelligence

IMPROVEMENT ERA, VOL. VII.

INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

Page. Page.

About Friends 30 October, 1903, Conference of

Adventures of a Pioneer the Church 56 510, 571, 665, 767, S49 Official Statement on PolygAgriculture as a Profession 119 amy 545

An Experience 673 On the Resurrection 619

A Political Prophecy 525, 576 Preaching the Gospel in High

Are We Honest?A Trip to Cuba.'. 684, 779, 855, 300907 ProfessionalPlaces Prospects in the 548

Baby's Lesson, The 664 Country 881

Be a Sunbeam 102 Prophet's Natal Day 138

Bible, The 654, 775 Questions and Answers..385, 470

Bible Quotations in the Book Radium 724 of Mormon; and ReasonableRedemption of Zion 547

nessof Nephi's Prophecies 179 Resolution of Endorsement

Blessed Are the Merciful 38 Official Statement 546

Cards and Gambling 903 Rest for the Peaceable FolCeltic Maiden, The..168,254,332, 433 lowers of Christ 714

Chips From "The Block"411 "Scientific Aspects of MorChurch and Kingdom of God, nionism"880

The 274 Senator Smoot's Case 466

Church Rejected—When, The....817 Seventyfourth Annual ConCigarettes and Crime 269 ference 542

Converted by Signs 647 Social Duties 957

Counsel to Boys Engaged in Talk to Graduates 721

Isolated Labor 364 "The Mormon Point of View"472

Current Events (See "Some To the Reader 473

Leading Events,"Etc.) Trust in God 53

Did the Canaanites Reject the Two Books on Utah 725

Gospel? 593 Will You Apply These

Discipline of Missionary Life 89 Truths? 548

Does an Education Pay? 687 Worship in the Home 135

Do It Well 2*9 Events of the Month....91, 152, 231

Drama, The 829 312, 393, 474, 551, 630, 730, 809, 889

Editors'Table: Aalesund Destroyed 400

Annual Conference M. I. A... 718 Adams, Maud, Visit of 730

An Opinion Vigorously ExAffairs in the Congo 320 pressed 625 Alta Tramway 136 A Senseless Campaign 3S2 Americans Kidnapped 736 Cause for Worry, The 303 An Opinion of the Ministers.. 74

Common Courtesy 878 Another Search for the North

Conjoint Meetings 148 Pole 79 Future of Our Wheat Crops.. 468 AntiMormon Political Party. 972

General Improvement Fund..149 Apples, Seedless 633

Governor Harding 174 Aquarius Forest Reserve 154

Handy Edition Doctrine and Archaeological Organization... 232

Covenants 883 Arnold, Sir Edwin. Dead 560

Hon. Frank Fuller 58 Arrival 29th Infantry 731

in 225 Russia 895 Assassinations Recompense. Law of The—399 960 Baltimore Fire, The Priesthood, Lesser The

Letter on Death of His Wife, Bancroft, W. H., General

to A. O. Woodruff 721 Manager U. P 394

Like the World 796 Bankrupts Are Fewer 240 "Mormon Doctrine of Deity". 140 Battle of Nan Shan Hill....736

M. I. A. Conferences 150 Beef Trust Strike 894

IV INDEX TO SUBJECTS

Page. Page.

Big Mine Fire 77 July Accident 811

Big Money 320 Granite Stake Tabernacle 233

Bingham Stake Organized 395 Grant, Apostle H. J., Return. 75

Bishops Ordained and Chosen Grasshopper War 813 733, 734, 809 Hanna, Marcus A.. Dead..399

Bishop Potter and "The SubHaywood, Joseph N 733 way Tavern"975 Heavy and Destructive RainBlack Hawk War Veterans'strom 79

Reunion 969 Heir to Russian Throne Born. 896

Bought a Volcano 816 Hero Fund 636

Branch of the Church, New..637 Hess, John W., Death of 313

Brigham Young University...732 Historical Society, Valuable

Brimhall Dr. George H. ApRelics 891

pointed President 631 History of the Church,

Bruback, Col. Theodore Vol. 2 552

Dead 475 Home Life Insurance Co 235

Bubonic Plague 560 Hot Weather 892

Bull, Joseph, Passes Away..316 Iceland, New Concessions for. 400

Bureau of Information 631 Iroquois Theater, Fire..316, 319

Burgess, "William, Pioneer 630 Irrigation Scheme, Grand 397

Burton, Senator, Convicted..559 Islands in Great Numbers 318

Called Hence 71, 152 Islington 42, Vale 732

Cape to Cairo Railway 816 Isthmian Canal, The 478

Celebrated 24th July 899 Japs Cross the Yalu, The 639

Change of Mission Name 631 Jessen, Adolphe. Death of 732

Chaffee, General, in Salt Kuropatkin, Russian ComLake 893 monderin-Chief 480

Christening of the Russian Kruger, Paul, Dead 894

Heir 97fi L. D. S. University 893

Cleveland Refuses 239 Lehi Divided 313

Cloud Burst, Southern Utah. 891 Liberty Stake 476

Cluff, Benjamin, Resigns....312 Longstreet, General James,

Coal Mine Strike Death of 320 157, 231, 236, 314, 395, 633 Louisiana Purchase ExpoCongo Railway 320 sition 638

Condemning the "Mormons".. 730 Lucin CutOff Opening 235

Congress Closes 63b Lvman, President Francis M..

Congress and Senator Smoot's Returned 395 158 Lynch, Case Wm. J.,". Chief of Po816 lice 212 in Africa Cotton

Cuban Reciprocity 238 Mad Mulah 816

Curzon, Lord, in Persia 400 Massacred by Moros 735

Death of Bishop Empey 971 Master of the "Cumberland"

Death of Mrs. BoothTucker.. 157 Dead 478

Death of Theodore Mommsen.160 Member School Board, New..810

Democratic State Convention Mining Congress and "Mor734, 892 mons"958

Democratic Ticket 974 Miscellaneous Events 155

Dewey, B. P., Original Pio157, 158, 159. 234, 23S, 317, 374, 636

neer Dead 476 Missionary Dead 891

Diaz, President 320 Missionary Organization 555

Domestic Organization 312 Missionary Shoots Himself...47G

Dreadful Catastrophe at Monroe Ward Divided 632

Lucin CutOff 475 Monument to Joseph, the

Duke of Cambridge, Death Prophet S10 of 559 Monument to Karl G.

Educating Filipinos 78 Maeser 154

Education in France 560 Municipal Nominations and

Emigrants to America 398 Elections 77,155

Ensign Stake 5.'4 National Convention, RepubExplosion on the "Missouri". 559 lican 318

Farr Aaron F., Dead 158 Navy Appropriations 39S

Farm Paper 889 Negroes in the United States. 815

Feasting on Crickets 890 New Book on Utah 318

Fire in the Vatican 159 New British Ambassador 159

Fish in Utah Streams 23S New Electric Light, SpringFollowing Hobson 479 ville 316

Forest Reserve, Grantsville..636 New General Traffic ManaForest Reserve, Salt Lake.. 734 ger 154

Founder's Day B. Y. UniverNew Light in Utah 71

sity 153 New Railway Depots for Salt

France and the Pope....735, 896 Lake 72

Glenwood Park Fourth of New Stake of Zion, Taylor.. 75

INDEX TO SUBJECTS

Page.

Northern Securities Merger.. 55S Snowstorm 882

Old Folks'Excursions 889 Southern States Mission 393

Ore for St. Louis 315 Stanley, Henrv M.. Dead 640

Ore Production 810 State Fair, The 7u

Pacific Islanders 893 Statesboro Lynching, The 978

Palace at Seoul Burned 639 Still Another Cause

Panama Canal—Men Who Successor to Senator Hanna.479

Will Build 479 Sully Failure 558

Panama Canal Transferred..637 Sunday Schools 630

Panama Constitution 479 Taft Governor and Secretary

Panama, The New Republic. 160 of War 319, 398

Patti in Salt Lake 316 Taylor Stake of Zion 75

Peaches from Porto Rico 735 Tingey, Bishop John, Death

Penrose, C. W, Chosen of 318

Apostle 812 Train, George Francis Dead. 398

"Petropavlosk,"Destruction Trend of Business 815 of 560 "Tribune"Under New ManPhilippines, In the 399 agement 810

Pioneer Stake 552 Two Good Points 47*.

Pleads for New Trial 76 Typhoid Fever 73

Political Campaign Opens 894 Uintah Reservation Sin v.

Political Changes 814 University of Utah, President

Political Conventions 814 Chosen 731

Pope Pius'Prayer 79 Utah Boys Win 632

Porto Ricans Not Aliens 319 Utah Clubs 812

Postal Affairs 77 Utah Lake Project 317

Postal Troubles 478 Utah Light and Railway Co.. 316

Poultry Show in Sevier 47i Utah Naval Students at AnaPresidents'Trip South, The.. 971 polis 732

Prizes at Irrigation Congress. 74 Utah's School Population..156

Purchase of Friar's Lands..31S Utah Sugar 393

Quay, Senator, Dead 735 Vandals at the Tabernacle..'.'71

Railroad building—Lucin Venezuela Case, The 480

CutOff 154 WaldeckRousseau Dead 896

Raissuli's Ransom 895 Waldersee, Count, Dead 480

Receptions to Veterans 237 War in Macedonia 480

Reid, Bishop Wm. T., Dead.. 47* War Situation, The 640

Reign of Thugs, A 400 Water Works for Heber....731

Religion in Panama 400 Wealth from the Mines 475 399 Whitney,Republican Delegates to NaDead W. C General tional Convention 813 Wood, Leonard W...559

Republican State Convention. S13 Woodruff. A. H.. Released..810

Republican Ticket, The 968 World's Fair Help 557

Richfield Divided 394 World's Gold and Silver,The.240

Richmond Tabernacle, Corner Y. M. C. A. Building 634

Stone Laid 890 Zionists'Affairs

Rosebud Indian Reservation. S15 Fisherman Knute's Christmas

Russia's ise ContemDt.". for Prom80 FloodtimeGift of Energy 331993

Salt Lake a Port of Entry..551 Friend's Influence Worth More

Salt Lake Stake 552 Than Gold, A 336

Sane Celebration. 4th July.. 814 Frontispiece:

Sayings of Jesus Newly DisBull, Joseph 321 covered 23S Fuller, Hon. Frank 1

Scandinavian Concert, ReHarding, Governor Stephen!

union 556, S90 S 641 Scandinavian Mission 475 Horner, Hon. John M 4M

Schools and Text Books.... 73 Jack, James 161

Sea Disasters 814 Jaques, John 81

Service Pensions 558 Kingsbury, Joseph C 561

Severe Frost 968 Park. Hamilton G 401Sharp, James, Death of 635 Richards. Samuel W S97

Sheets, Bishop. Dead 811 Sharp, Hon. John 211

Silver Advanced 79 Woodruff, Apostle Abraham

Sinews of War 559 Owen 73?

Smith, President Joseph F. Woodruff. Helen Winters..737

61, 77 In Lighter Mood Director in Union 884 145. 309. 473, 628, 726. 799. Joseph,Pacific—BirthProphetSmith,

day 315 In Memoriam:

Smith, George A 75 Abraham O. and Helen W.

Smith. Family Reunion 396 Woodruff 743

Smoot Case in the Senate, In the Whirlpool 517

The 158, 239, 316, 551, 637 Invitation to Investigate. An.. 596

VI INDEX TO SUBJECTS

Page. Page.

Immortality of the Spirit 100 New Superintendent ChosJacob's Isle 261 en 729

Remarks on Above., 267 Our Study Aim for Two

Jew—His Past, Present and FuSeasons 70

ture, The 350 Preliminary Program... 310, 38S

Joseph Smith as Scientist: Reports of Local Missiona-

I.—Introductory 1 ries 224

II—The Persistence of Matter Responsibility of Officers.. 802

and Force 81 Reviews 392 III—Natural Law 161 Send Orders to this Office.. 70

IV—Fundamental Concept Talk About the Era 965

of Phvsical Science, The.. 241 To Our Young Readers 549

V—The New Astronomy 337 To the Reader 310. 392

VI—The Law of Evolution.. 401 Patriarchal Blessing and Its

VII—Some Facts of ChemRealization.., Ill

istry and Physiology 501 Peculiar Custom of a Peculiar

VIII—The Sixth Sense 561 People 294

IX—Geological Time 699 Poetry:

X—Some Fundamental Prin- A Collect for Thanksgiving

ciples Restated 737 Day 87 XI—Summary and Conclu- A Dream 646

sion 897 All, All Will Pass Away... 618

Kentucky Belle, A Story.. 442, 489 Can and Do 441

Living for Things That Count..766 Casa Grande 877

Louisiana Purchase Exposition, Christmas 215

At the: Dawn of Truth, The 293

I—In the Art Galleries....835 Gentle Words 575

II—Music at the World's Help Others 432

Fair 945 His Mother 698 III—The Concentrator at the House of the Way, The....509

Utah Exhibit 948 I Like the Man 58S

Lyman's, President Francis M., Inspire Our Hearts, Our

Travels and Ministry 19, 103 Father Dear 82S

Manhood 175 Life Lessons 109 Mastering Moods 213 Light After Darkness 944

Masterpiece, The 248 Lines on Charles Kingsley..453

Material vs Spiritual 113 Love's First Conquest 832

Nature's Remedies. A Talk on Lucky Ted 282

Need of Religious EnlightenMan's Insignificance 515 ment 273 Missionary's Farewell to

Notes. 59, 143, 223. 308, 388, 627, 798, 883 Marguerite,"A 262 Origin of the Plan for the ExMy Love 348

odus 927 Never Despair 86 Our Work: O, Sav What is Truth 114

About the Era 8S8 Our Talents 570

A Lesson in Business 63 Prayer, A 302 A Little Sermon to Ques- "Pro Deo"247 tioners 224 Renewal 134 Amusements and EnterResponse to Joaquin Miltainments 146 ler's Roundelay 595

Enrollment of General OfRest and Progression 52 ficers 311 Roundelav of Salt Lake...410

Failure of the Era to Reach Seasons, The 523

Subscribers 63 SelfControl 123

Five Essentials for a SuccessSometime-Somewhere!...488

ful Superintendent 961 Stay 458

Flourishing Norwegian M. Stream of Revelation, A...409 I. A 728 Sunlight 688

For Class Teachers and Time Endears 27

Presidents 64 To An Obstructionist 869

Have You These Numbers?550 To Man 653

History of the Prophet The Gospel 117

Joseph 230 The Man Who Feels 41

How About Missionary The Prophecied Exodus 674

Work? 66 The Two Canaans 597

Late M. I. A. (1903) ConvenTwo Answers 778

tions 69 Work for the Dead 772

M. I. A. Annual Conference549 What of That 161

M. I. A. Annual ConvenTou Can Always Trust

tions 800 Mother 17 M. I. A. Work in England. 727 Political Prophecy, A 525, 576

Music in the M. I. A 888 Probability of Joseph Smith's

New Stake Officers 629 Story 321, 417

INDEX TO SUBJECTS I'll

Page. Page.

Prophecy the Forerunner of Panama Canal, The 216, 380 Science—An Instance 481 Panama Question, The....285

Public Workers: Perdicaris Kidnapped 709

Bull, Joseph 370 "Petropavlosk,"The 610 Horner, John M 510 Postal War on Patent Medi599 Kingsbury, Joseph C cine 7u <451 Parks Hamilton GL Progress 706 of the War 460, 214 Jack, James Question of Citizenship,..955 A Jaques, John 114 Railroad to from Damascus

Sharp, John 280 Mecca 786 Questions and Answers: Revolution in Panama 124

As to Copyrights 387 Rubber Business 795 Bearing Testimony—A SerRussia and Japan 224

mon 470 Russia's Foreign ComplicaConcerning Creation 385 tions 870

Kinderhook Plates, The 386 Russia has Achieved at Least Kingdom of God, The 387 One Victory

May NonMembers of the Russians in Manchuria 128

Church Join the M. I. A.?.. 470 Russia or Japan?

Radium 689 Samuel Smiles 617 Reflections 112 Senator Quay 708

Religion—True and False 28 Shall We Rule the Seas?....286

Resolutions on Death of Apostle Siberian Railway, The 540

A. O. Woodruff 741 Situation in the Balkan....48

Restoration of the Melchizedek Sympathy of the United

Priesthood 93S States in the Present War, 877

Sacred Will to Do Good, The... 301 Taking Church Census 289

Seeing, They See Not 753 Threatened Troubles in ArSelf-Control 586 menia 61*

SelfExamination 834 Uncle Sam's Widows 223

Some Leading Events'in the CurVenezuela's Fifteenth Conrent Story of the World: stitution 792

Abyssinia 287 Vice President for Mexico..791

A Fair Record 794 War in Manchuria 788

Another American Peril 51 War in the Far East 374

Another Reason Why Our Were the Japanese Guilty of

Sympaties are with Japan.. 956 Treachery? 459

Arguments in Favor of Race What Will Germany Do?....872

Suicide 793 Will Congress Do It? 381

As John Chinaman Sees It..611 Will He Dose His Chances

Attitude of the United States 376 for the Senate? 288

Battle of Chemulpo 536 Will Other Nations be InBattle of Liao Yang 952 volved in the War? 606

Battle of Nan Shan Hill 707 Some Stumbling Stones 838. 912

Colorado's Troubles 712 Something to Read 174

Competition of Women, The. 615 Standard Church Works, Our..201

Cuba in Fashion 464 Suggestive Thoughts for the

Cured in Graves 46 Mildly Skeptical.... 345, 589, 680, 846

Dowie in New York 126 Talks to Young Men:

English in Tibet 6- Choosing a Vocation 676 31 283 Question, Men.. of Successful Counsels Eastern Far The—..2iis Indifferently Things 874 Doing of Ab, Feast The

Finances in the Present War461 On How to Read 747

From a Japanese Point of Our Goal 532

View 789 Prudent Man, The 130 Japanese Balance Sheet, A..9o4 Ruts 270

Japanese Exclusion Bill 222 System and Use of Spare

Jewish Clergy Limited 790 Moments 601

King Coal 462 The Same is Damned 367

King Edward a Factor in EuTelling a Secret 867 ropean Diplomacy 875 The Ideal Young Man 454

Lake Baikal 608 The Man and the Mission...932 Latest Sensation Over EmTalk on Nature's Remedies, A.. 24

peror William 290 "The"Ology 291 Thrilling Question, The..223 Macedonian Experience at Sea—859 TranscontiTwo Paths Canadian New 902 710 of Sorrow Uses Railroad nental

New Element in the Political Was the Declaration of IndeSituation 873 pendence a Heavenly Inspira641 tion? Religion 379 and York New 911 129 World Wants the Election What York New 97 43 of Plodders, The Work Shop, The Open

INDEX TO AUTHORS.

Page. Page.

Alder, Lydia D 27, 262 Lyman, Prest. Francis M 175

Allen, Dr. J. X...111, 345, 589, 680,846 Lyon, D. R 515Anderson, Bertha E 134

Anderson, David B 673 McCarty, W. C 948

Anderson,Edward H., 743, 71, 152, 231 McKinley, R 625

312, 393, 474, 551, 630, 730, 809, 889 Mansfield. M. W. 264, 593

Ashworth, Livingston C 453 Marden, O. S. 30, 213

Markham, Edwin 87 119Ballantyne, Joseph 945 Merrill, Lewis A "410 139Belnap, Gilbert Miller, Joaquin

Blair, George E 247, 509 Monson, N. L 533

Bronson, Wilmer, Jr., 112 Musser, A. Milton 510

295 Musser, Don C. WCannon, Joseph J 19, 103

88, 250, 414Chamberlin, H W 653Child, George N 182, 193805 Naisbitt,Neilsen, JamesHenry

Clegg, Brigham 215 Clift-, Dr. Frederic 654, 775 Parry, Edwin F 838, 912

Cowley, Matthias F 364 Pearson. Sarah Ei 17

Crocheron, George W...123,301, 834 Philips, W. S 646

Curtis, T. E 293, 409, 523, 570 Powell, John 817 Pyper. Emma Whitney 807

Done, Prof. Willard

168, 254, 332, 433, 745 Rich, Ben E 38

Richards, L. L. Greene....52, 248, 529

Elmendorf, H. L—Richards, Preston D 586, 961

927Evans, Samuel Richards, Prof. J. H 753 W 417 274 179, 267, 321,First Presidency Roberts, B. H

Fox, Ruth May 348, 778 Foster, S. F 100 Shafer, Francis M 300

350 Sjodahl, M 859, 943 698, Ingles Frost, Grace 618 Sloan, R. J.W 517 Alice Smith, K 167Goethe.. 135, 53, F. Prest. Joseph Smith, 82S 596,Greene, Nels F 273, 957 805, 714, 796, 466, 619, 382, 225, 303,

Jr. 201, 93* F. Smith, Joseph 576 525, Hall, Prof. Mosiah 877 Lawrence George 829 Spining,Hedges, Sandford 885 W Stephens, Evan 291Hendrickson, John A

674, 772 597, HenryHome, E 481, 689 Dr. Talmage,Horner, Hon. John M Joseph Tanner, Dr. 849 767, 571, 665, 511, James ME

536 458. 374, 283, 124, 216, 42, 802Hickman, Josiah E 952 907, 870, 855, 779, 684, 606, 767 Hillis, Rev 641 Taylor, Joseph 903 E786, ElbertHubbard, 28 Joseph Tuddenham, R

442, 489 Ivins, Anthony W Walker, Zina Crocheron 109 24Jaques, John 114, 117 Ward, Joseph H Widtsoe, Dr. John A 1, 81,

161, 241,Kenner, S. A 197 Walter Woolfe, 337, 401,M 501, 699, 737,647, 897932

Lambourne, Alfred.835 881 Dauritzen, Annie G..302 Young, Francis M

i"wt-;"fi"Wi"i"fi:"i"i "i "i"i "i"i"i"i -i"i M-M -H M-M I I I I I I I 1 MH

|The"1900"WASJiER| Organs.

Do you want one? We have Saves Women's Lives.

several Choice Organs on hand which we are closing Tkeiiif::

out from $15 to $45 washiicperfect::::

Write us at once for full information. Everything machise.::

known in Music. All mail

orders receive prompt attention. too ii use::

II UTAH; STATE AGENTS FOR THE

* PIANOLA. breakingWashes aLacethreadCurtainsand withoutCarpets. i

with perfect ease.

Price $12.00 Carstensen &

satisfactory. inc. Anson Co., Money refunded in 30 'ays if not Jos. F. Hanson Furniture Co, Gen. Agents, 4>

TEMPLE OF MUSIC. Brlgham City, Utah.

gt,Salt, Local A Lake City Street, - Salt Lake 74 Main

Testimonial City. BarnesHardyWrite for ParticularsCo & Co. Music Successors to Daynes

-"4'i i - i --i"i"i"i"r"i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i "i 4H,M"1"!"1":"I"1"1"1"1"I"I "! "1 ":"1 "I"1 "I "M

THE

; IGN OF THE (jL "THAT

INGER GOOD S COflli."WHERE C=N BE FOUND

THE PERFECT SEWING A Comfort Insurance MACHINE; ALSO NEEDLES. PARTS AND THE

Policy. BEST OIL FOR IT AND

OTHER KINDS.

STORES EVERYWHERE 161 f/Leighn St.

THE SINGER MANUFACTURING CO.

Successor to 4-3 S. MAIN ST. PLEASANT VALLEY

COAL CO. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

'PHONE 1895-Z.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

THE RIO GRANDE WESTER]!

... A|tO...

fl|U) RIO GRflflDE THE DEJWER

Best Itoeal Train Service in Utah.

From ten to forty minutes the fastest line between Ogden, Salt Lake City, Lehi, American Fork, Provo, Mammoth, Eureka and all points in Sanpete, Sevier and south.

3 FAST TRAINS DAILY to all Eastern points, with through sleeping and dining cars to Denver, Omaha,

Kansas City, St* Louis and Chicago*

MAGNIFICENT SCENERY EN ROUTE. J* * *

For Rates, etc, enquire of Local Agent or write M"I. A. BENTON,

General Agent, Salt Lake City

Oreor; Sl?ort Cipe Railroad

Operating 1262 Miles of Railroad through the thriving States of

UTAH, IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

THE ONLY ROHD To BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and the NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

FIVE DAILY TRAINS BETWEEN SALT LAKE CITY AND OGDEN.

to all Points East,The Fastest Service

BUY YOUR TICKETS VIA THE SHORT LINE,"UTAH'S

FAVORITE RAILROAD.

qty SkKet Office, \io. 201 /I)air? Street, Salt CaKe gty.

I. M. SCHUMACHER, Traffic Mgr. D. E. HURLEY, Gen. P. & T. A.

W. H. BANCROFT, VicePrest. and Gen. Mgr.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

5—a r. oaS. r>HHww

iR? SB- s cd—-> B"s Q 6>

'V5>'f 'Mmm

91|!h DO -i n >S<?.??*? I

-fl < m \,2B CO5 tr2.cr-o- i 32 HP3oB->,5c 2. 00 2.

3 WO J 3 \ { B'a! i—x m

i.*HB j Ass JI 3-I* '"? G2 I

** <$ 1* rt* m W-m-.Sb 50

oo H

*'"IS - M Oti3S nO3w—

8 Infill 1 "bF! JB i &. LJn *-"< B 2jKco y; [TJD

a o* - CO "<-*.*1 CflCDB

,* CD (11m -*3 B W* 4 TOGS?BB?"*d 00ggogg

5 ctctCD O- CD oj't-H2 tn oo - 00 11

l nO ) p |ls!* B* Rhi

\ rmOm "d o o."<oa

CD CD 01 oi(B 5O jqb g TOOItS....CARTERS'

An Important Branch of Hardcuare.

We can supply any number of full Kits of the best tools manufactured. Many tools are necessary articles in every family,

occasions to use them being of almost daily occurrence.

The superior quality of our tools is universally recognized.

Carpenters and joiners are unanimous in praising them. All our

hardware is spoken of in a similar strain. We make a point of

carrying nothing but the best goods in every line, and our prices are the lowest at which the best goods can be sold.

I. Department Store Z. C. M. Utah's Greatest

i8S8SS88SSSS8S888S%S8&88

EARLY SHOWING

OF LADIES'FALL SUITS THIS MONTH

GO.!M.TflOpSDK GOODS

. 69 7WVKIN STREET.

The New Idea Paper Pattern, 10 cts.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)