JANUARY, 1946 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH LET THE FLAME FAMILY BRING YOU NEW FREEDOM IN A GASEQUIPPED KITCHEN

You'll jeel like whistling... in a stepsaving, gasequipped kitchen such as

this, colorfully expressing your own decorative taste. * Win acclaim for

food perfectly cooked by your "CP"gas range... with its selflighting

top burners that run the scale from lowsimmer for "waterless"cooking

to high heat for quick boiling... its insulated, coolkitchen oven with

automatic heatcontrol... adjustable speedbroiler... other wonderSTEADY THRIFTY

features you'll discover at your dealer's. Enjoy the soothing silence of

a gas refrigerator. Whisk through dish washing with the aid of steaming

hot water from your automatic gas water heater. Have carefree gas heating

and airconditioning throughout the house. Thus, leave the heavy

work to the Gas Flame Quints while you concentrate on pleasant living. GAS QUICK. CIEAN

FlEJCIprrMOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY. uePENDABU

Serving Twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

A new light boat, made largely of "plastic, is now being produced.

Two people can easily handle its less than one hundred fifty pounds, tenfoot length and fourfoot beam. The hull is

made of two outer layers of lightweight duck, a core of sisal matting and heavy duck, impregnated with a bakelite resin to give a resilient construction. A piece

of canvas and some resin glue permit easy repairs to this selfbuoyant dinghy. f 'IPhere are a total of about a quarter million Sumerian tablets and fragments in the museums and private collections of the world. The Suraerians,

a nonSemetic, nonIndo-European people, flourished in Babylonia during the fourth and third millennia B.C. and developed an effective system of writing

using cuneiform characters made of wedgeshaped or arrowheaded characters. Of the tablets, more than ninetyfive percent are economic in character

dealing with notes, receipts, contracts, wills, lists of workers, wages, etc.

Only one percent of the tablets are inscribed with Sumerian literary compositions.

'"Phe Nobel Prize for physiology and

A medicine for 1945 has been awarded to Sir Alexander Fleming for his discovery of penicillin, and Sir Howard

Walter Florey and Dr. Ernest Boris

Chain, all of Great Britain, for work on penicillin bringing it to the stagewhere it could be isolated. (See ImHe Can Grow

provement Era, August 1944.)

Dy injection or mouth, synthetic folic Bigger, Stronger...

acid, newest member of the Vitamin

B complex group, successfully brings up the redblood cell count and hemoEleven years ago, when Sego Milk that more can be done for babies globin content in anemic persons, with was first fortified with extra vitamin and children than just to prevent definite within improvement noted a D, scientific experiment had deterrickets. Better growth can be proSpies,few days. of BirmDr. Tom D.

ingham, Alabama, announced the new mined that 135 vitamin D units per moted by a greater quantity of vitadiscovery of the first synthetic subquart of milk was sufficient to premin D. So Sego Milk now contains

stance to give results in the treatment vent rickets, faulty bone develop400 units of this important vitamin it isof anemia, though that not claimed reconstituted of But ment. (a pint quart experiment on, went and per

it in will liver act every case does. as

in recent years Sego it has Milk mixed with a pint been of washown is liver,Folic in acid found kidney, and yeast. ter)—the quantity which scientists

say is needed for the best of physiTeasurements with a noise meter cal development. The price of Sego

made during General Eisenhower's Milk has not been increased because visit to New York City last spring reof the extra vitamin D.

vealed that the average sound level as the caravan drove through the streets to that about equalwas of a thousand radios together being played at conSEGO MILK PRODUCTS CO.

siderable volume. The maximum apOriginator of Evaporated Milk in the

plause at the City Hall talk was equal Intermountain West to three thousand loud peals of thunder Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

all at the same time.

(Concluded on page 8) JANUARY, 1946, - Slvc QmpwiiKraJANUARY, 1946 VOLUME 49, NO. 1

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement

Associations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward

Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints Jhe dover Kadlo dazsnow, January 9e reminds zling white, Jpeaherd Greetings from the First Presidency 12 of the new year that Elder Matthew lies ahead, offering

Cowley of the TwelveCouncil of the Church reattired newer challenges.vistas and greatThe

speakradiowill be the in Retrospect 10, 11 1945 a photofrom cover is er Sunday on KSL Charge to President Howard S. McDonald graph Monkmeyer, by 6, atevening, January

9 p.m., M.S.T. Elder J. Reuben Clark, Jn 14 adapted by CharlesS. Dilworth Young of Evidences and Reconciliations; C—Was the "Fall"Inevi"Jacobsen.

the First Council of table? John A. Widtsoe 33

the Seventy will ocThe Miracle of the Piedras Verdes Leslie L. Sudweeks 28

cupy that position on Priesthood: Melchizedek 42 Genealogy 47

13. SpeakersJanuary

8 45 Aaronic 1(*?hotos followingfor the E of Address: Change 1 he 30 Church zMoves -On 1.

are yet to beweeks 46Ad ncrWardj tTeaching 38, 58 Mutual Messages renotice days'announced.

, Music Column..43 NoLiquor-Tobacco for 53 quiredFifteen of adchange

dress. When ordering a

Special Jeatvims stencilchange,impressionplease includefrom a

Editors recent issue of the magaThinkers? Parrots or zine. Address changes Smith Poll Albert George

the of The Legend be made Tribe of Very Much Wind—PartMarvin CX IAshton 16 cannot Widtsoe John A. Ruby K* Smith 17 the old address as wellunlessas

Managing Editor Looking Forward W. Glenn Harmon 18 the new one is included.

Richard L. Evans A Mormon Wife—The Life Story of Augusta Winters Executive and Editorial

Grant—XI Mary Grant Judd 20 Offices:

Associate Editors Teaching the Deaf Edwin Ross Thurston 24 50 North Main Street,

Marba C. Josephson Are You Ready? W. E, Stowell 25 Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

William Mulder The Spoken Word from Temple Square....Richard L Evans 26

(on leave with the The Original American Mother Goose Copyright 1946 by Muarmed forces) Alice Whitson Norton 34 tual Funds, Inc., a CorGeneral Manager John Daniel Ford, Music Typesetter Harold H. Jenson 49 porationMen's Mutualof theImproveYoung

George Q. Morris Exploring the Universe, FrankCook's Corner, Josephine B. ment Association of the

lin S. Harris, Jr 1 Nichols 35 Church of Jesus Christ of

Associate Manager You Are the Composer, Helen Handy Hints 39 Latterday Saints. All

Lucy G. Cannon S. Neal 6 News from the Camps 36 rights reserved. Subscripin Central America, Barter tion year, price, $2.00 a Case for Tears, Ora Pate A

Business Manager 8 Charles E. Dibble single Stewart in advance; 39 20c

Alice M. Read.... Am Sorry,"John D. Giles "I 9 On the Bookrack 49 copy. Original AmeriHoming: The

Editorial Associates can Mother Goose, Alice Your Page and Ours 64 Entered at the Post

Elizabeth J. Moffitt Whitson Norton 34 Index to Advertisers 39 Office, Salt Lake City,

Albert LZobell, Jr. Utah, as secondclass

Harold Lundstrom matter. Acceptance for

special rate of mailing at (L>dltonai5 in for provided postageNational Advertising

Representatives "Symbol of Forgiveness Unto All"32 section 1103, Act of OcFrancis M. Mayo, A New Year Resolution Marba C Josephson 32 Julytober,2, 1917,1918. authorized

Salt Lake City Edward S. Townsend, The Improvement Era

Francisco San is not responsible for unLos Angeles manuscripts, but and storied, J-oetry solicited

Dougan and Bolle, contributions. welcomes

Chicago and Mungo, The Story of a Boy and His Dog James P. Sharp 19

New York Women's Work Margaret Pitcairn Strachan 22 All manuscripts must be suffiby accompanied Entertaining Angels Julia Unawares 50 W Wolfe

Audit Bureau ofMember, for delivery cient postage 4, Beatrice Poetry 5 Time, 41 Sparks Page Mathews Circulations and return. Lucretia Bright Youth's 36 Time, Wings, Penny Grace

Promenade, Jack Gormley 38 Sayre 46

ANNOUNCI

Now Under construction... Six new stainless steel streamliners.

... Powered with giant Diesel locomotives, the new California Zephyrs

will operate daily between San Francisco and Chicago, and without extra fare.... Built for speed with comfort, the new trains will embody all of the latest improvements in the art of passenger car building,

including VISTA DOMES, the new glassenclosed rooms atop the train to permit passengers the fullest enjoyment of the many attracThe tions of "The Scenic Route Across America.'

California Zephyrs are on the way Watch for the California Zephyrs

In the meantime, the Exposition Flyer will continue... built especially to serve the West!

to provide fast,dependable service between San Francisco and Chicago.

R. COULAM see H. For reservations General Agent

48 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah Phone 4-6551"7fcSuxie'R?uterfc>uM4/fme?Uc. San -uutcOc* t* 0Ue*fo WESTERN PACIFIC

JANUARY, 1946 w Jwentunrth COLLECTOR'S ITEM WHO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT?

By Clarence Edwin Flynn By Julia W. Wolfe

turns art collector away thought have The would yesterday, painted something From WHO in just poet that small dwelt house A his the brush; gold Bright spends from and

street? our down old. faded, cracked, something For and

clear the blue with That woman she—the it for treasures sign every He eyes and

line. time, for every dimming Of

I often gown, meet Homely its praise world bestows warmest The the take Could know. words common we pictures of the yesterdays. On for friend, alike flower use and AndLeadership

The heart turns too from scenes of pride To weave such melody

On which the tints have scarcely dried, That birds might stay their song and learn

And lingers long and wistfully, A note or two

Who would have thought? in silence tenderly

old picture Week GazingAt some of a spot, do not think, We unforgot. or Or face, moment at stupidity,"with "wadded So oldest scenes The on memory's

of ourselves, thoughtful our little busywall So those treasure Are most of all. we

We nesswalk the streets of life, in jostle the press throng and And PEACE sinner, saint, the the martyr, and The 5riak,am own9 in dust the even tramp Nay, hem of one E. Donovan By John

fair garment, watched, when but a lad, the marching Nor guess whence comes our healing

I men We do not think! univerdihf Returning from the war, and thought how Provo, Utah fine

brave And they looked, those who came NEW YEAR BELLS again back

For leaders in all ToI thought,tie the withbrokenbeatingthreadsheart,of life'sthat whendesign.I By Lalia Mitchell Thornton

star, phases of Church war;grew to man's estate, I too would go to HIGH as the highest

sea, farthest as the Far after through, war was victory—when ring, the of Year New the Bells proudly to hear marching home and Community AndCome

Bells bring of the Year New roar

Work. Of crowds acclaiming my great bravery. Hope for the days to be.

(Note well the phrase: 'And after victory!") Shatter the midnight air,

From Thursday I did not know this truth: that victory Bells Scatterof the Newyour Yearjoyoussing,notes,

Cannot be claimed in full by anyone; Bells of the New Year bring

cost, is the misery, the heavy Hope from your silver throats. to Sunday That

to all Bequeathed the sun beneath war by night, the darkest the direst deeds, January 31, TheHistoricmarkyearsof Cainare canfounderednever beovernight;erased; IntoUnto

feral things, are savagefaced. are men And Bells the of wing, Year New

sight; this truth the preserve us see Let who Bells the of bring Year New February 1, 2, and 3 without humbly, and us Let down, bow this that needs. sad world Hope

cease, Give prayer to Him whose words were all of peace.

LOMPOC

By Oscar A. KirkhamMUSICWe carry large stocks of music suitable ior Have you ever seen Lompoc,

A city dear to me?

Not down where autos go CHURCH ES But up where winds blow free.

It's a place where streets are straight, ANDSCHOOLS And blocks are on the square.

in a lights hundred on come I saw Arranged there. living folk were good I knew for Vocal and HOME USE Instrumental homes;

I cross near the night stood one up SOLOS—CHOIRS—BANDS

shine, stars the to began When specialize music. Write Church in L. D. S.We

I felt In evening prayer heart an my for suggestions available. materialto us and

Dealers in Steinway and Lester pianos, band Thanks, dear Lord, a sight divine.

and orchestra instruments, talking machines, records and musicians'supplies. Have you ever seen Lompoc

autos go where Not down CO. MUSICDAYNES A city dear to me?

free. But blow where winds up City 1 Salt Lake47 So. Main St.

4 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LET ME HOLD COURAGE Inez Clark Thorson LET me hold courage firmly, Lord, though storms its citadel;. shake heart andBeat on my IT CAN BE TO10 the tumult once again, NOW whisperAbove

"Fear not... all will be well."

And let me walk today with love's pure flag

Aloft before the world, that all who grope

Down ways of doubt and grief, once more shall eat The pleasant bread of hope.

And let me make my lamp of faith to shine

While darkness lies across the hearts of men That they, encouraged by its glow, may fill

Their failing lamps again!

CALLING CINDERELLA

By Marian Patterson

ball, Cinderella, to the go mustYou optional? think it was Did you

supposeDid you could That you sit at home alone. From the oil that tripled adrift? dreams Your

dare! not doYou range of Navy

the areYou stepchild legend the cruising until those not hoped had you rose,To who RPM faith, to meet yourTransformed by own submarines comes a finer prince. dear

in till they learn for fairies vain waitThey Warthe magic.God is Motor Oil tor your car. story you tell? other wouldWhat

Stepchild, get you gone!

born improvements in -RPM's"SOLDIER'S RETURN give your car By Rutheda Feusner compounding ways beautiful shall be you return—extra protection four I When

face, lips of and a beauty Not radiance a But improved carbon cleansing inner grace. love and Of sweet

find you'll loveliness This look at Will make you me better resistance to heat

In unfeigned surprise.

will wonder You this in eyes, happiness At my long. more safety against corrosion Since you've so been gone

But this I know, of Thinking you is like a song.defoamers'to assure better

Of faith, beating through me In harmony, the whole day long. You can't buy oi| circulation.

A PRAYER FOR PEACE a better motor oil at any price.

By Jean Richards

this, earth, Father, look on your downOh! COMPOUNDED misery. with have our compassion And TRV IMPROVED hearts, the sore limbs,Heal the wounded

of violent out the weedsWash of grow.That blooms love may hate RPM MOTOR Oil TODAV!

Dear God, you did not mold us thus for this;

to create. born to destroy not butMen were

trees not lose were meant toThe their Standard of California foliage, To stand as lone crosses on forsaken graves.

I was not meant to be the mother

Of a son whose duty is to kill.

Dear God, forgive them, though

They know well what they do.

At Chevron Gas Stations, Garages and Standard StationsHelp us, Father, wash us clean.

Teach us again that all are brothers.

Father, look down and grant this gift:

May all the world be friends again.

For this I pray. Amen.

JANUARY, 1946 li = YOU ARE THE J=o om.poder

is easy to create the melody for

ITyour own song of life. You help to

of for group the whatever plan make ear the part. are a you which You keep

routine and fun in the right proportion.

If you are a homemaker, you plan a

MONTH BY MONTH... picnic today, a visit to the photographer next week, a coasting party in

winter, a swimming party in summer, a

The ERA gives you much of birthday celebration for members of the best current CHURCH the family, and the month and year

LITERATURE. Within its covtake on a pleasant pattern.

ers you find each month auBath time you make fun for the chilthoritative material written or dren, and walking with their daddy in spoken by our Church leaders. the moonlight is memorable for you

both. The melody for the day is satis-—Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts

Has it occurred to you what fying. Unpleasant routine you keep

priceless gems of theology, subordinated, to thrust the more interor is it: "Oh, Ruth! That was heavy

poetry and downto-earth gosesting activities into the foreground. and slippery for you. Next time let

pel you have in the yearby- Melody is not hard to write, and you Mother get it for you, when you want year volumes of this magaare happy over the results. But the milk."

zine? harder half is yet to be composed. Agnes, Mother's helper for dishes,

Your real task is the harmonizing of cleaning, and babies, but not for cookWhy not preserve them for your theme. ing, or laundry, realizes you are returnyour future reference and your The skill, diplomacy, and tact you ing late from meeting and tries to help

children's edification? We urge use in handling the bass notes determine by putting potatoes on to boil. As you

you to do so. whether the whole becomes discord or come in, your nostrils are assailed by a

harmony. Every bit of routine and definite charcoal smell. But she had

calls arises for the situation that Is so it: "Well, meant to be helpful.Single volumes (12 numbers) bound every

entire sets the that skilful harmonizing they're think burned. I should you could

in durable, attractive, blue cloth atmosphere of your home and the lives boil potatoes. What kind of housebinding, stamped in gold, $2.25 of those in it. keeper will you become if you can't

simple cooking! such a waste do And plus postage. each, definite there very are two Tsually is it: kind food!"of "Weren't you Or * directions these notes bass may dinner. don't to think of worry, But volumesTen or more we at one time

take. debutante of the old story The in noodles put a jiffy. can on Never $2.00 each, plus postage. beautiful formal hostess on whose new the mind. baby, with busy were You

It's he's important. more much

to forget the stove."Bring them in or mail them to us illustration.the butler spilledShe concealedthe food,heris chagrina good easyand a pan on

at the ruined gown and laughingly exHarmonizing our melody isn't simple is dinner "the which claimed me"on first. at It takes to think stopping beYioJ at ease. she set thought everyone Had life isn't fore composer's we speak. A

herself ejaculated only of someand % thing about clumsiness or the hopelessly ruined dress, the entire party would have been under a cloud of disharmony. By HELEN S. NEAL

Jhe <UJe5eret V lew$ kiredd Theguestguiltywouldbutlerhave andbeeneveryuncomfortableassembled 29 Richards Street. Salt Lake City and remembered an unfortunate party. easy. But if the composition is worth it,

Instead, they remembered what a good we will take the trouble. Of course we

sport their hostess was. care what kind of impression we make

In just the same way we can make on the personalities around us. And

or mar every day, every event, every we care how our children remember

Certainly early years. we value react. incident by Your their the way we

atmosphere! a harmonious home returns evening Man and The Dragon husband some home

Dr. John A. Widtsoe with the lovely pair of blue slippers We can make or mar the song of our

lives, reacting and toward harmony sizes are admired. had two They in you best is at his Dr. Widtsoe

it until a discord becomes from away Is it: small. "I think should too you'd inspiinteresting these and us. us, of natural to After have part we after size being foot married know my articles in rational which find reactions, practiced better the we it: is for to seven or years!""You've me

S. doctrines L. D. Church easier. with are begin can they I We me. of Cinderella wish a made my

are applied directly to feet were as tiny as you believe! You such seemingly unimportant incidents

problems of today. It's a won't mind if we change them for a as slippers that are too small, a fallen

MUST book for your readlarger pair, will you?"milk bottle, or burned potatoes. The

ing table. $2.00. way we accept these things creates an

T ittle Ruth lifts a quart of milk from indelible impression. Our comments,

** the refrigerator, and there is a crash our reactions, yes, even our facial exBDDKCRAFT and a white pool on the floor. Is it: pressions, make our lives a joy to our18 Street Richards selves child, can't onto and our hold "Heavens, you we write family—unless

Salt City Lake to our otherwise bass 1, Utah things? of we'll a discordant milk short be Now,

for breakfast, and it's all your fault!"pleasant melody of life.

tolelL

-500 pages of stories to delight children of all ages.

-139 stories expertly selected by specialists in child training of the Primary Association and Deseret Sunday School Union Board*

-A story book value $2oo unequalled.

-Teachers, parents, children will applaud it * with enthusiasm.

USE THIS ADVERTISEMENT

as your ORDER FORM DESERET BOOKof the IntermountainCOMPANYWest""The Book Center 44 East South Temple Street P. O. Box 958

Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Please send copies of "A STORY TO TELL"at $2.00 each.

Herewith $ r

Name

Address

JANUARY, 1946

BARTER IN CENTRAL AMERICA

By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE

AZTEC RULERS OFFER CORTEZ A NECKLACE

7TT the time of the Conquest, Aztec OF JADE *- * no medium of exchange. Direct goddess of water and wife of Tlaloc, Could You L\ dominated Central America had

barter in the teeming market place was god of rain.

procedure. standard commercial The

his Cortez conquistadors and When nearest perhaps, the was, cacao bean a Refuse inretreat executed a nocturnal from It of exchange. to a approach medium

sular City, perMexico of them many counterfeited removsometimes by was ished lake in the so because they were the to the of ing center the bean make Child? heavily treasures. laden golden with "chocolatl."drink favorite

Bernal chronicler Dias, the of the ConIndians did not our supershare The recalls quest, sejudiciously he how gold. of the In of the esteem eyes 'pHIS MONTH America's chillative in lected pieces of to preference jade silver, gold, natives cacao and were

later recalls gold. also healthy during how, and He dren—crippled, jade. called to secondary Jade was

difficulties, to the pieces jade served those yet calling as Indians. "chalchihuitl"the same The by unborn—are

for secure succor and his comhim "sacrificial to connote used word was to for help. of you The March panions.

to jade because and them blood"blood is the Dimes country's to answer slightly objects. represented the precious varied jade most from Mexican

the urgent need of the workers A piece of jade was placed in the mouth Asiatic jade. It reached Mexico City

who are doing so much to diof the deceased Aztec to serve as a from tributepaying sections in southminish the tragic effects of Infanheart in the next world. ern Mexico. The precious stone was

In the Aztec pantheon appears a godused also for earrings, necklaces, nose tile Paralysis. When you provide dess associated with jade. Chalchihuitlplugs, arm bands, figurines, and penfor the future of these children you icue, "She with the jade skirt,"was dants.

are making a constructive contribution to America's future. Join

the March of Dimes this monthl

EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE fr ( Concluded from page 1 HpHE Hawaiian language has an al-

A recent estimate of the total number phabet of twelve letters, half of

This Advertisement Is of words spoken of all kinds, baby which are vowels, and half consonants.

Gladly Contributed by talk, orations, conversation, love songs, In practice the vowels are used much

Congressional debates, etc., since the more than the consonants.

beginning on the earth, is a total of about ten million billion words. nHE leaves of the hickory, for some

A strange reason, gather and store the rareearth elements of the cerium and

An average of eight thousand tiny yttrium families. The role of these

holes or pores are found in the elements in the plant is unknown.

average hen's egg. There is a great difference in the number and size of 4A NEW chemical more powerful than "quinine or atabrine which is sucthe pores between different eggs. The

best eggs have many small pores, with cessfulsixteen inhours,arrestinginsteadrelapsingof six malariato sevenin the pores so small that evaporation and days, has been announced by the Naescape of gases is slow. tional Naval Medical Center, Bethesda,

Maryland. /NLY a few tens of thousands of 4/hemical elements numbers 95 and molecules have been identified as "* 96, the next larger ones than plutooccurring in nature, but now nearly a nium, have been made by bombarding million new kinds of molecules have uranium isotope 238 and plutonium 239, been produced.in the laboratories. with high energy helium ions.

8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

w I AM SORRY"

By Alice M. Read

n am sorry."They are easy words

I itto wouldsay, aren'tseemthey?we shouldSo easyneverthat

forget to say them. If we only stopped

to think what a difference it makes to the person to whom we say them, we would never forget.

"I am sorry,"when said in a sincere, kindly manner has the power to console and hearten the listener. It isn't necessary to make an elaborate speech in order to tell them that you are sorry they

have lost a loved one, that they are sick, or have had some misfortune. As

a rule the fewer words you use in expressing sympathy, the more direct and genuine it sounds.

Don't neglect to express your sympathy because you think the person may be tired of hearing the same thing or because you are not a personal friend. When trouble comes, no one

can have too many friends. The very

moment that you choose to say, "I am sorry,"may be the very time when the other person may most need kindness shown him. most our way, comes sorrow When to If all the Bonks Sold feel that haveof apt to us are we face it alone. That is the time that

handclasp make and kind wordeach cares realize that somebodyus and byBODKCMFT in 1945 that we are not alone.

If you cannot express your sympathy..in person, don't fail to write a note or Were Stacked Up

letter which will show that you are sorry. Of course you can buy beautiful They would reach 1.4 miles into the air—thirty times higher

cards for this purpose, but many of than the Walker Bank Building] these are apt to sound very formal and stiff. If you do send a printed card, be Bookerait is deeply grateful to its friends everywhere for their

lines in yoursure few to add a own encouragement and patronage. Because you have proved by will havehandwriting. message The

more meaning. the flood of mail and telephone orders—and by your personal

A short letter or note, written in your calls—that you have confidence in our books, we feel keenly

own words is certain to be greatly apthe responsibility that is ours.

preciated by the person, who receives it. Don't hesitate to write because you Evil books, like wrong companions, can destroy faith and

are afraid you won't say the right thing character; but good books are the food of spiritual and moral

or because you can't think of "flowery phrases."Just write that you are sorry growth. Thus the placing of good books in the homes of Latterin the most direct words that you can day Saints and their friends is a missionary service in which

It willuse. sound sincere and kind to we have found much satisfaction.

it. readingthe person

Recently I was talking with a lady ft is our ambition to continue the publication of more books who was telling me about her son's based on the vast reservoir of L. D. S. Church doctrines, history,

battlefield. of spoke Shedeath on the and biography... and thus we hope to continue to serve our letters she lovely cards andthe many

had received. "You know,"she conhost of friends.

tinued, "one of the nicest letters I received was from the janitor that For the New Year we wish you more happiness and greater worked in the office building where achievement than you have ever known—and GOOD READING

Jack worked before he went into the ALWAYS1 army. It was written in pencil on notebook paper, but it was beautiful. I

know he meant what he said, because it was so sincere."

It costs so little and takes only a small amount of effort to say or write, sorry."to remember you"I am When BOOKCRAFTRichards Street Salt Lake City 1, Utah Telephone 4-8961 it, a 18 making your world you aredo

kinder, friendlier place in which to live.

JANUARY, 1946.!

1945 tn Uptaspprt

March 7, Elder Rufus K. Hardy of

of the Seventy First Council ONthe his earthly mission completed (7).

Twentyeight hours later, the morning of

March 8, Elder Samuel O. Bennion, also of

the First Council of the Seventy, succumbed (6).

At the one hundred fifteenth annual general conference convening April 6, 7, and 8, Elders S. Dilworth Young and Milton R.

Hunter were called to fill the existing vacancies in the First Council of the Seventy (8)

The Relief Society was also reorganized with President Amy Brown Lyman and her counselors Marcella K. Howells and Belle

S. Spafford being released. Sister Spafford

was sustained as president with her counselors Gertrude R. Garff and Marianne C.

Sharp.

May 8 was Victory in Europe Day. President Grant had the floodlights of the exterior of the Salt Lake Temple, darkened

during the war, turned on (3).

At 6:35 the evening of May 14, President

Heber J. Grant finished his work on earth

THE First Presidency was reorganized with President George Albert Smith of the Council of the Twelve sustained as

President of the Church (14). He choose

President and Clark, Jr., Reuben (15)

......,.,:,::.:..:.:,:-,m.- as counPresident DavidJ. (12) O. McKay

selors as they had been to President Grant.

August 14 was Victory over Japan Day.

Latterday dotted the Saint servicemen - sand their as they globe served under various Not yet, but Typical groups of nearly one hundred thouflags tithe a had given of (9). The Church

Much as we'd like to, we can't complete that its Septembermembership4 fora massthe meetingrestorationof ofall peace.faiths

sentence... was held in the Tabernacle in thanksgiving

for the newlyfound peace. Pictured are

the committee in charge: Elder Richard L.

Evans, President George Albert Smith,

Reverend W. F. Bulkley, Father John LaBranche, and Elder John D. Giles (11).

The Idaho Falls Temple was dedicated Soon September 23 by President George Albert

Smith. Subsequent dedicatory sessions were

September on Yes—we can promise it now. FelsNaptha Soap held 24 and 25 (17).

will be on sale, in generous quantities, soon! * I jhe one hundred sixteenth semiannual

* general conference began October 5 in the Tabernacle. Feature of the first session

It will be the same good golden bar, the same was the inauguration of President Smith, and the sustaining of the General Authorihusky golden chips that American housekeepers whoties, includingwas calledElderto theMatthewCouncil ofCowleythe Twelve(10) have relied on to lighten washday labor and to the(10, square2, 13, 8,in 16),the bysolemnraisingassemblyright arms(18).to

On October 27, Elder Nicholas G. Smith,

justify their pride in whiter washes. assistant to the Council of the Twelve

passed away (5). That same evening Dr.

Burton K. Farnsworth, second assistant genFor the patience and for the loyalty so often eral superintendent of the Y.M.M.I.A., and

organization's first assistant superintendent expressed—and demonstrated by our good on November 4, Elder Joseph J. Cannon, the also passed away.

Standing before the Washington, D.C., friends—the makers of FelsNaptha Soap are chapel in the center picture are Joseph W.

Anderson, secretary to the First Presidency;

deeply grateful. Dr. John A. Widtsoe of the Council of the

Twelve; German S. Ellsworth of the U. S.

Reclamation Bureau; President George Albert Smith; Thomas E. McKay, assistant to

the Council of the Twelve; and President

Edgar B. Brossard of the Washington

Stake, in the nation's capital in November to arrange for the sending of food andFelsNaptha Soap clothing to needy European members of

BAN/SHES TATTLETALE GRAY thetion,Church.Inc.) (Photograph, Press Associa10 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

:,:.:

....:.::: > * * M tmas Greetings

, from the Jw$t Jra&idencu

of tke Lhurch or sresviA L-nrist of <=JLatteraau Jaintd

hristmastide is a happy—to many the happiest—season of the year. The principal reason

for this is because the worthy custom of unselfish giving partakes of the spirit of Christ.

Christmas furnishes a good illustration of the truth of the paradoxical saying, "whosoever will lose his life for my sake shall find it."He who gives happiness to others, subjugating

his own personal desires, finds happiness in his own soul.

Peaceloving people everywhere, this Yuletide, have special cause for rejoicing. The cruel

and devastating World War is ended, and major criminals who were responsible for it now stand before the bar of Justice.

Armed conflict having ceased, many soldiers who, last year and the year before that, were offering their lives in airplanes, on battleships and cruisers, in fox holes, or lying wounded in hospitals, will spend this joyous Christmas at home. Many who are still serving in foreign lands are

thankful that the war is ended, and happy in the thought that they, too, may soon be homeward bound.

To those who have already returned to civilian life, to all who are still in uniform, in whatever land or clime, and to their parents and other loved ones, we send congratulations and blessing inasmuch as they have performed their duty faithfully and maintained the standards of Truth and

Justice.

To the young men and women who, though subjected to temptations incident to war, have remained true to the moral standards of the Church, we express hearty commendation, and say to you:

In thus keeping your character unsullied, each of you has been true to yourself, to your loved ones who trust you, to your country, and to your God. Even they who openly scoffed when you refused to indulge, secretly admired you in their hearts.

We are particularly mindful of the many—all too many—who will never return. In response

to the call of Duty, they have sacrificed not only their own lives but the lives of their posterity that might have been. Their bodies rest where they fell in honor. They died that Freedom might survive.

To their, parents and other bereaved relatives we extend sincere condolence. May the message of

Immortality given by Him whose birth we now celebrate bring to each of you comfort and peace. Remember that the Son of Man also died, seemingly ( to those who did not understand ) ignominiously.

In the minds of his sorrowing mother, and of his disheartened, discouraged disciples, all hopes were blighted, a glorious Cause seemed defeated. A sense of injustice, mingling with feelings of sorrow

and gloom, filled them with despair.

But it was Death that was defeated, not Jesus who was crucified on the cross! He lived, and

as the Christ, triumphant, broke the bonds of death forever!

And now to every bereaved parent, wife, sister, brother, sweetheart of the boys who have answered the final Summons, the living Christ, once the Babe of Bethlehem, still proclaims the divine message that He gave over nineteen hundred years ago:

"I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead,

yet shall he live."

Every person who dies lives as surely as did the Savior while his pierced body lay in the tomb.

May all who mourn find in Christ that peace which supplants sorrow with Faith and Hope!

-K12 THE IMPROVEMENT*ERA PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

—Photograph courtesy "Deseret News'

Our blessings and commendations extend, also, to the people who are destitute and suffering in wartorn Europe, in Asia, and in the Islands of the Pacific. It is a tragedy of war that the innocent

must suffer.

Reports from the missions indicate that organized branches even in the countries most dev astated by the ravages of armed conflict have carried forward the work of the Lord most commendably, and in not a few instances, gloriously. To the Saints in all these lands we say: Through all

your trials and sufferings we are sure that you have found your testimony of the truth of the gospel a constant source of comfort and encouragement. Having accepted of Christ's invitation, you have

proved His promise to be true:

"Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.

"Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and

ye shall find rest unto your souls."

With the thousands of packages of clothing, bedding, shoes, and food already sent by the

Church welfare department, and with the many thousands ready to be forwarded to you as rapidly as possible, we send you our faith and prayers that God's guidance and protecting care will be with you during these tragic days.

You will rejoice to know that activity in all missions will be resumed at the earliest possible date.

To members of the Church everywhere, and to honest, libertyloving people throughout the world we extend the Season's Greetings, happy and grateful in the knowledge that

The Church was never more prosperous—God's work never more glorious!

Christ is at the head and is guiding the destiny of his people!

With all our hearts, we repeat the angelic message heralded at his birth in Bethlehem:

"Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men."

The First Presidency

-JANUARY, 1946 *13

oroa TO PRESIDENT a Dm [-redident s. Keuben \lam7 flr

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

towards the goal of eternal life. For as Olive Leaf, the Lord gave these inthe Lord said to Oliver Cowdery seekstructions to his Church:

ing power to translate And as all have not faith, seek ye diliBehold, you have not understood; you gently and teach one another words of wishave supposed that I would give it unto dom; yea, seek ye out of the best books

you, when you took no thought save it was words of wisdom; seek learning, even by

to ask me. But, behold, I say unto you, study and also by faith. (D. & C. 88:118.)

that you must study it out in your mind.

(D. & C. 9:7-8.) Earlier in that same great revelation,

If we would gain knowledge in this the Lord had commanded world, we must "study it out in our shall grace and ye diligently Teach my minds."Work, and the Lord adds ininstructed that be you, attend you may spiration.

principle, in theory, in perfectly more As the Lord's work unfolded with the doctrine, in the law of the gospel, in allin years, this motif, these principles, bethings that pertain unto the kingdom of

|Y eternal decree, faith and work -must walk

PRESIDENT J: REUBEN CLARK, JR. hand in hand as we advance towards the goal

of eternal life.

President McDonald:

Obedient to the practice folas this, occasions such on lowed that are expedient to underfor you came the theme of this Last DispensaGod, advantage and take duty fulfil myI now stand;

to tion. privilege,of valued honored an and in the things both and in heaven Of

of behalf the boarddeliver to you, upon

First Presidency of the IWToving forward in his plan, framed haveearth, been,and thingsunder whichthe earth;are, thingsthings whichwhichof trustees and

of the Church, the formal Charge which before the world was (Abraham must shortly come to pass; things which are

is an essential part of these inaugura- 3:24 ff. ), the Lord more than a year at home, things which are abroad; the wars

tion ceremonies. before the Church was organized, in a and the perplexities of the nations, and the

land; judgments are which on the and a revelation to put the Joseph, Prophet is learning this institution of Behind also kingcountries of of knowledge and all for he true knowledge, is knowledge, respects in thata some background {ibid., 7879.) doms, the qualification, alongside no made I shall field education. of in theunique

call some of that background into view. Christian principles and virtues of To these commandments, the Lord,

It should be in mind that this Last faith, temperance, virtue, patience, a few months later, added this further

Dispensation of the Fulness of Time brotherly kindness, godliness, charity, direction diligence. humility, revealed and He stirred in that motif ushered with awas

learn,... study acand and become the again he had key to knowledge theto fourteenyear-old action young with books, and with all good in quainted to multitude given the on the mount seeking earnestly Smith,boy, Joseph tongues, languages, and people. C. (D. & Palestine It intruth.for the of that motif was 90:15.)

oftimately personal message James:

receive; Ask, knock, and ye shall afar someone"If any of you"—not and it Dut the Lord was even still more off, shall you. (D. unto opened be & C. 4:6-7.)not merely the rich and the powerful, specific. A little over a year after

not only those in high places, but the This great promise, in measure a the Church was organized, now more humblest and the least of us, command, has been repeated, over and than one hundred fifteen years ago, he instructed the Prophet Joseph to ordain this over again, to us of the Lord by let of of him ask wisdom, you lack If any Oliver Cowdery to permitted never day. us He has liberally, that to giveth andGod, all men

it. is It to the basic plan forget whole it shall not; him. givenupbraideth be and printing, of the to of do and... work

It faith, in let nothing gospel. that the of restored waverhim ask But means selecting in for writing schools books and

is like thating. a wavereth he still wave For in pulpits, to bespeaks men God little this that church, children also may

tossed. the driven the with andof wind sea altars, laboratories, fore in in is workinstruction receive as pleasing before me

shall let that that think he not For man fields, in (D. me. in of unto C. 55:4.) shops, the bowels plowed &

the thing of Lord. any earth, heights, the the mountain on is in unstable double minded manreceiveA set in school a up Zion was in When secret of all our chambers wher- [Italics author's.]his 1:5-8.) (James prayer,—ways.

its P. Parley Pratt at search, ever and and work men move Missouri—with

So was the motif voiced. there he speaks and reveals to them head, the Lord declared himself

To these great truths, James added the eternal truths of the universe, the pleased, and gave instructions regardthis further one:,:... mysteries of God. (D. &C. 6:11; 8:11.) ing the matter. (D. & C. 97:3-6.)

has "Schools But the very specific been estabof the prophets"Lord were faith, if it hath so Even for search the not works, is about in Missouri, knowledge. Kirtland, As lished and in (ibid., alone, being 2:17.)dead,

early as December 1832, two years and Ohio. The life of the Prophet Joseph

So by eternal decree, faith and work a half after the Church was organized, shows that he himself constantly sought must walk hand in hand as we advance in the great revelation known as the after knowledge, and that the search 14 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

s.Howard Mcdonald

at ki5 inauguration a5 PRESIDENT OF THE BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

on fjommiet 14, 1945 therefor was a great preoccupation of with uplifted hands unto the Most High.

his mind. In 1829 the Lord told Joseph, (D. 6 C. 88:119120.)

in impatience, that almost the "puny clear gainthat the Thus God made arm"of could not hinder man is like the measure that great pronouncement of the ing not to be of knowledge

Almighty "from pouring down knowlcommonplace work of earning a livelithe Lord to us of this day, set out in edge from heaven"and added that that glorious revelation of that tells us the of invades hood. domain He who

"greatly the enlarges pure knowledge his origin glimpses the and that of man it approach must as Moses knowledge soul."(D.fiC. 121:33,42.) came to the burning bush; he stands on destiny

of Joseph's widely embracOut own things acquire ground; holy he would is in or, intelligence, glory The of God ing these great knowledge came two the sacred; to seeks he make his own truth. light other 93: words, and (D. 6 C. filled inspired utterances, divine with deity, attributes of truth the which 36.)

eternal prinand wisdom embodying Christ declared 14:6), he (John was

ciples of salvation and exaltation and which shall make us free ( John 8 But, while as the Lord has told the all that things spirituto are him people shackles of free time the of and It is for impossible a man to be saved in 32), al, at that time never given a he has any shall space, which more. be no ignorance 131:6); (D. & C. We

is temporal, law nor a which commandall this quest to must come of truth—in this further all one: for things spiritual and to ment, are him of regions whatsoknowledge human

the 29:3435); and while (D. & C. only in reverence, but with a not gets ever, than he no faster A man is saved himself that "all Prophet announced spirit of worship. knowledge. Vol. (Documentary History,

IV, p. 588.) spirit is matter, but it is more fine or

Tn all his promises and commandments pure"(D. & C. 131:7), (a statement

Thus from the very earliest days of A about gaining knowledge, the Lord that no one can glibly call fantastic in the Church, its members have been told has never withheld from our quest any view of these days'discoveries of the by the Lord to seek and obtain knowlfield of truth. Our knowledge is to be constitution of the atom and different

edge in its widest meaning. coterminous with the universe and is to vibratory fields), yet for us mortals

The early history of Utah is a recreach out and to comprehend the laws there are two domains of knowledge.

ord of how well this people heeded and the workings of the vast deeps of As Paul put it, all principles. these eternities. of the All knowldomains and commandments

first after us. In three years In 1850, the other to belong no edge way a spiritual... Therebody.is a natural(I Cor. body,15:44);and there is

eternal these after progrespioneers valleys reached of the great could law the drivings and mobbings at Nauvoo, sion be satisfied. and as he further observed:

For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man which is in him?

Q.od still speaks to men in pulpits, before altars, buteventheso Spiritthe thingsof God.of God(I Cor.knoweth2:11.)no man,

in laboratories, in workshops, in plowed fields, So we speak today of things secular distinguished from things. in the bowels of the earth, on the mountain—worldlythings religious—spiritualthings—as heights, in our secret chambers of prayer—

wherever men move and work and search, Tn the secular field the Brigham Young * University has a great past. Its gradthere he speaks and reveals to them the eternal uates, in as large proportion as that of

truths of the universe, the mysteries of God. any other school in the country, hold

positions of trust and distinction in the fields of secular knowledge and endeavor. We feel a humble pride in this, the people established the University We have established this school both for the school and for its graduof Deseret, now the University of here; we have set up our whole Church ates. It shows that the field of learning

Utah. educational system; we have encouraged occupied by this school embraces all

So fundamental is this gathering of and assisted in the establishment and demonstrated secular knowledge. We

knowledge that the Lord saw fit to dimaintenance of purely secular schools, charge you, President McDonald, to rect us as to the kind of place in which—all to the end that all knowledge, true abate no effort to maintain this proud

knowledge should be gained. In that knowledge, might be gained by us, by achievement. We view the future of

same great revelation, the Olive Leaf, our posterity, and by all men; for the school, under your direction, with

the Lord said knowledge is salvation. every confidence that more honor and

All this makes the far background of more respect and more usefulness shall

Organize yourselves; prepare every needthis school, and it fills in the full horizon come to us in this secular field, as the

ful thing; and establish a house, even a of known truth, which, as someone has years go by. This is a heritage of the

house of prayer, a house of fasting, a house said, widens and pushes farther back school.

faith, a of of of learning, house a house infinite into the of the realm unknown But these are things, the worldly glory, of of order, a house God; house a of each revealed with truth, dealing with the new vision world and our success the incomings be in your name That may

of the Lord; that your outgoings may be and only by God's mercy and revelation or failure therein as gauged by the

in the name of the Lord; that all your does man find any truth. calipers man has made to appraise

salutations may be in the name of the Lord, Thus we come to understand in himself. {Continued on page 60)

JANUARY, 1946 15

POLL

PARROTS OR THINKERS?

arum (J. Mikton &

OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

make no apology whatever in repeating again the observation of a

I young man of our Church some months ago. When called on to give

meeting, sacrament talk in a warda he—Illustrated by J. A. Bgwatet the the congregation toldrelaxed and

innermost workings of his mind. Said doing to the boy? I would rather my boy

is sputtered flickered a to give hesitated and family and our of he, one "When in selfdenial step being, social must but it; for his it; workings blasted and corrects innermost and writes talk, Pa Ma failure. or a he here be would of to it than rather right typeoff the the Bill make runs words on brothermy to did he Well, overcome do what It just will at hard talking be machine. to say a going him I'm Tonightwriter.

first his obstacles? these overcome To it first will his his talk but own, I to make feel."what

his rehearsed trouble, out he and went selfexpression, will power, develop it is talk, that and I of a copy have as they to ocean the sermons waves selfreliance. run, in long Rethe and of and It hold you takes inspiration.an rocks. over the His second roared let operation, lean on the him versing stirs It you. you. to somethingdoes in his orations a shed gave trouble—he first time, else's the thought someone the in intention all the good With standing suspended swords below two he'll he'll yes, again, and, keep lean and on were father mother that andworld, If shoulder. hanging over each one things sacred the leaning. of most One others that of and boy tothe little make road higher shoulder than a one went things thinking us is our of any about reparrots, machines poll familyin the it should, the the point of sharp sword feet. standing our and through on own thought else had someonepeating what his gentle reminder. a overcome was To

out. Your arm is made to do things by Probably the Church has not despeech impediment he put pebbles in his

thinkers than B. greater veloped many twentyfor only it. Strapusing it down "If himself: I can said to mouth—he bookshelves Church H. Roberts. Our it a chance giving withoutfour hours in give pebbles with my speeches myto operate and see what happens. The are spotted with his books—textbooks mouth, I certainly can talk with ease

discourses are His and histories. acts the brain throughmind working are out."to top the pebbles maswhen Now

It is said he made that when you terpieces. today, and Thinkaccordingly. off his selfeducation, that so he

think more easily tomorrow. Do you his maiden speech in school, the attempt wouldn't go out at night, he shaved

parents want to make of your boy an was such an effort that his listeners just half of his beard. (Of course that

licked would keep any man home at night.individual or an echo—a generator of laughed him down. But he wasn'tthought or a phonograph? I repeat, do—that arm came up; and, pointing to But when this fellow Demosthenes

you want him to function as a child of those schoolmates, he accepted their was through with himself, all Greece

God, an individual all of himself, standchallenge. He thundered back, "Some listened to him. When some other men

ing on his own feet, or a weather vane day you'll listen to me."And they did. orated, people said they were remarkwhose destiny is shaped by the action able. When Demosthenes spoke, he put

of the wind? HpHE story of Demosthenes of Greece such fire into their souls that they went

I am expressing myself rather em- A is an inspiration. Yes, his first atout and subdued their enemies. When

phatically because of what I see in gotempts as an orator were crude and Demosthenes spoke, all Greece arose.

they were failstake. and time Probably very a has not the world to produced stake Timeing from

I his challenges. greater conference orator fellow, than this ures. ineffective—yes,His failures were in to going a stake and yetagain

have seen everyone on the program Several things bothered him when he I remind you again of what an unreading his talk. Sometimes, I must conarose to express himself before his felpretentious start he made.

fess, when those talks have been read lows: First, the crowds before him We are encouraging the reading ofthey have been of the boy's own commade him selfconscious—they betoo many speeches among young peoposition, but invariably he is functionwildered him; second, he stood before ple. Yes, I'll agree with you that you

ing as a parrot glibly unreeling a line of his audience awkwardly; in particular, are putting out a more nearly perfect

higher than the using shoulder else's one much was of English specimen compositionsomebody when language—yes, in his other; impediment third, he an nearly strangle had pretty is that they are read,words but what if every "i"

anatomy. This tendency is really alarmhis speech; fourth, he knew if he was dotted, so to speak, and every "t"is

ing. Of course, when he reads it well, to be an orator he must study hard and crossed, what about it? What is a talk

it goes over smoothly; but in following long; and he realized, too, that he liked for? It is to stir us, not to show howa program of this kind, what are we to go out at night—he was decidedly a (Continued on page 58)

16 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA *Jhe cJLeaevid or the TRIBE OF VERY MUCH WIND

I Atn Arduenh,ure in "Wild Indians"

first of Sunday was the J>undau School 1930—proin School. Sunday dayIt motion My

class of girls had just been promoted, and I waited in the classroomfor my new class to arrive. Only five Jeacklm

minutes between two adventures in

Sunday School teaching!

What does one think about during such an important interlude? I thought K. SMITHof the young girls with whom I had just By RUBY

parted so reluctantly, and I knew I was AT FAIR GROUNDS—SEPTEMBER 1930

going to miss them very much. But I

remembered my failing for thirteenside of Sunday School. A party, at School to give short talks about our

yearolds, and they were almost fifteen which healthy young "Indians"conlesson heroes. (Why not, when they

now, so I resolutely turned my attention sumed large quantities of hot chili and could earn some extra credits that to the new adventure ahead with many waffle gingerbread, served to break the way? ) Now they were always in their

misgivings. I promised hadgrave the started, "Bohunkus"in to initiate Why School places Sunday when

this deaconsto teach a class of for a of the transportation passing assist year, the ice—andart of providing ready to with the

problem class of the Sunday School? I whole Sunday School class at once! sacrament, to the hearty approval of

had been warned about them: "The But I was impatient for spring to the bishopric.

bishop's wild Indians,"they were come, so I could turn my "Indians"Meanwhile, how eagerly we looked called. I had never taught a class of loose somewhere out in the open. On forward to our weekday adventures.

boys. Would I be able to win their the top of Ensign peak, for instance, It was during my association with that

confidence, I wondered. But it was their war whoops wouldn't disturb any remarkable group in the months which

too late to change my mind now. That one. So the day before Easter, we followed, that I learned some of the joys

fateful interlude was over, and my new climbed that historic peak at sunrise. a Sunday School teacher may find, by

adventure had started. How was I to There, I discovered, they were really in making friends with the young people

know that it would be one of the richest their element. With great zest, they under her direction.

experiences of my life? built a bonfire, and enjoyed breakfast, All through that summer, it was

I only knew that I was facing a roomafter which their merry shouts echoed amazing to see with what ease Bohunful of average American boys, from over the hills, as a dozen "Indian"kus always assembled a capacity load twelve to fourteen years of age, who scouts explored the mountaintop. Beof boys, whenever a trip was scheduled.

seemed to have enough surplus energy fore we went home, they had so comOur favorite adventure was a trip to to supply a whole tribe of wild Indians. pletely won my heart with their boyish Rotary Park, at the head of City Creek

How was I to direct so much energy for enthusiasm and good sportsmanship, Canyon, for a breakfast at sunrise. Just

School?practical purposes in Sunday to like going that I decided I was jangle the of alarm my at dawn—after wild one proceed to tame in teachSchool stealthyJust how did Sunday to clocks new adventure them had aroused

Indians? Surely that was a challenge ing after all. Never had I found more preparations in a dozen different homes

for the bravest of Sunday School teachdelightful companions.—boys would appear from every direcers. It was not long before we understood tion, drawn to the waiting Bohunkus

For several weeks, I tried all my faveach other very well. The boys knew as to a magnet. Then our sevenmile

orite classroom methods—to no avail. that Bohunkus and I were always willdrive, up the winding canyon roadway,

Those "Indians"remained as wild as ing to go anywhere with them on week with all nature still shrouded in the hush ever. It was then I drafted Bohunkus, days, provided they were "good Inof night, was always an enchanting exmy faithful Chevrolet coach, into their dians"on Sunday. And it was surprisperience. But when my "Indians"arservice, and began to plan ways to abing how remarkably good they could be rived on the scene, they soon brought

sorb some of their surplus energy, outwhen they tried. But just as a matter abundant life into the quiet picture. We

of record, we began a system of weekly cooked our breakfast on long sticks

ONE SUNDAY MORNING—JULY 1930 credits—for regular attendance, puncover a fire in one of the fireplaces

tuality, good order, and participation sometimes dawdling, to prolong the enin class activities. Then, when we joyment of it, and sometimes hurrying

planned a trip, we knew exactly who to make time for a hike on one of the was eligible to go. nearby mountain trails. But when our

XJTow much more we enjoyed our Suntimely towasBohunkusup, everyonefor thereturnedride downpromptthe day mornings together, when a very canyon. But the joy of those early

much subdued, but eagerly responsive morning hours together sent us on our class caught the real spirit of Sunday way with a song in our hearts. School. They learned to love the

stories of great men who had served A fter school closed for the summer,

God in Old Testament days, and freely ** we found time for swimming parparticipated in our class discussions. ties, which absorbed plenty of surplus

Also, when their turn came, they willenergy. Then we discovered tennis.

ingly appeared before the Sunday (Continued on page 56)

JANUARY, 1946 17

future. Some of these commentators,

with the wisdom born of hindsight, =7 professed to see where the early perLOOKING secutors had unwittingly accomplished orwaKJ it was said the martyrdom had bound 4- the very thing they sought to prevent;

the Mormons together with a martyr-

W. GLENN HARMON dom complex, and withal had given the

movement an impetus which literally

Of the KJakiand Jtake ['residencLj the as one writer put Church,""made8 it. so these commentators, of None

far as I have discovered, was willing in increase Zion For beauty, and must out Driven But happened? what its the survival credit of superhuman of to

in holiness; her borders enlarged; must be their into wildthe western and homes its difficulties to the in path placed stakesher verily, strengthened; be must yea, settled in region erness, a the Mormons its blessings which divine guidance and arise unto put you, Zion I say and must

it imthought be would where many claimed. have adherentson her beautiful garments. (D. C. 82:14.) & for possible to survive. they But them irrefutable the to concede Forced

its desert, the reclaimed subdued in sucmaterial the as facts evidenced interesting been have many until prospered, wastes, and grew by writers nevThere cesses of the most Church, prognostications during the made centhe 1930, Church's which was its spirituality. Thus, ertheless denied past regarding the century future it tennial, to 700, had number grown writing Rice, S. the Claton Reverendof the of of LatterChrist Church Jesus in living spreading souls and 000 was in April Missionary 1930, Review, the Saints. In of prethese 1934,day one all directions. pride of the a appreciate said could hedictions in the appeared American in atthat time change a by And in accomplishmaterial the Mormon title, in the underMagazine "Kingdom titude the of public part the had on confident 1 his but of Church, was mentsthe writer, Desert."Morris The Marnoticeable, a change become which no religious wholdeeply was no Mormon failure thekey, the of foresaw Church its in dictating part a change doubt had of accomplishlack the with ly happy its in scattering the of adherentsand its in tactics opponents. the of Here life people. spiritual the of in the mentthe following words is in statement, published 1918, another prediction was: His

that also change evidences and it I fair to think that in which say Mormonism, its presof in promising spite Ultimately, for future: the prediction contains a theour day, proceeds simply under own

is future, the Church immediate and ent supplied Brigham Young.momentum by

its the of zenith reached are there unless has marked to crash Mormonism bound three generations theFor Mormons now is visions, receding, gradually supernatural transformations. livedhave decent, upright very lives—not itself. the consciousness in fading Mormon rich,distinguished, not not very very anlater it its spirit year will by of a cure time abnormaliechoed The was He letters. in artsfecund the and

its ties. It will die 54) worshipers. on page {Concluded amidst own

it I is clear, think, to unbiased But any is to to not oppose Mormonism The way thrust that January the givenobserver, forward in them Mercury. American sBernard DeVoto

it. of detraccampaign upon throw mud A Mills, HunLaird "One also Rev. Edward 1930; seeat the outset powerful Young, and by

it in tion to thing helps to Missionary Review, only of grow. do Mormonism"The Years dred itsplendid cannot as keep them was, movto quote to is fair It 1930. Mr. only DeVoto December... it is fairness. treat to with and candoring the forever. Particularly 1945 of the for Autumn youth wrote article he which an from

it fall if is fall its It to of weight must own titled "Revaluaissue of Review, Mountain Rocky in [sic] are of sharp need newMormon all.2 years first have reads: at tion."paragraph This "Many illuminareiterationstimulus, further a and justification I attempted since any passed have would

firsttion the articles of dream. glowing were of on early Utah. two They whatever So many my closing of 1930, year is malicious, prejudiced, and, ignorant, brash, what girls the said, in "HPheof to talked boys and

in all, absolutely irresponsible. were of They of continual years and worst A onecentennial hundred I to question: goinganswer. I "What am my dishonest illegitimate of the and mood Mercury

I for finish brought healthy I'm the Church, growth school in as asto do? tack. soon occasions the Well, represented only They myatthat to spent mood. career whengoing East"or "I'm going to the Pacific attempts forth considerable comment,

life literary all attacking mani- I otherhave I myyieldedcoast."at explanation efforts to read and of that the practicallyfestations always I have regarded and mood,

my yielding to it on those occasions as an offense which

Christian secretary, Oeschger, palliated."justified nor can Nebraska be neither 2William writer's note the have you I would

in 24, Nebraska, First State Journal. November Robert Congregational Church, McKennan, ratheridea Young, that Brigham Utah, than Churches,1918 Christian Ogden, September 23, Century,

Joseph Smith, was the genius of Mor1931 monism; note also the giving of credit

for the achievements of the Church to a mortal man. I suppose this is natural

in a skeptical world. Since the physical

evidence of the achievements cannot be denied, the effort to explain them a- way, as merely human achievements, serves to rationalize the otherwise incredible. That Brigham Young, and not

Joseph Smith, should be given the major credit for the movement probably comes from the fact that the first Prophet was killed at a time when the foundation had just been established. It is

so easy, sometimes, to overlook foundations, which have a tendency to become buried, and to forget their fundamental importance.

This utterance of Mr. Markey's was

by no means the first time a failure of the Church had been predicted. It is more than a century since

Joseph Smith was martyred, and it was freely believed and stated at that time that his passing spelled the death of the movement. Indeed, it was to bring

about this objective that he was killed.

American Magazine, July 1934 18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ha armwas aroundsitting ona dogthe grasswhen withI drovehis down the road on my way towork. He was there when I returned MUNGO

at noon, still with his arm around the

Idog. after dinner, went back When 5oia and Jrid <UJoa inthey were the shade of a tree. The Jke Stom of a

dog was sitting like a statue. The boy

had his arm around the animal and wasslumped over against the dog, sound By JAMES P. SHARP

asleep. If I missed drilling certain spots

in a field of grain that afternoon, I have one good excuse for so doing, for I was and white and had exceptionally short ofthinking time the many, years many legs. set the animal picked up and He

I been hadago when a a boy and had box,- the the for him in back of wagon dog that meant more to me than all the rear endgate was out. Then I said,

the rest of the world put together. "Get in with him, and we'll take a

When I returned that evening, they chance on the horses pulling both of were standing alongside the road. I you."

took a good look at the boy who was He climbed in and sat down beside about seven years of age. He was wearthe dog. I drove the team up to my

ing a pair of wornout rubber boots, yard, not over a city block away, and many sizes too large for him. His stopped. He jumped out; the dog

clothes were patched but clean. His jumped after him; and down the road

face was one mass of freckles, and his they ran without another word.

hair was a bright brickred color and stood out like the quills of a porcupine. The following day he rode up at

He smiled, and I stopped the team. noon, and also at night. He never said

Then he asked: a word; neither did I. I just stopped 'MUNGO"

where he and the dog were; they

"Can I ride up the road with you?"climbed in; I drove home, stopped, and

"Sure, climb in."they climbed out. said,I waited"I surefor himhopeto Mungoget out andfindsfinallythat

"And Mungo, can he ride?"'"Phe next morning when I went to fishhook so you can catch some more

I wanted to see really how much he work they were out waiting for me. fish for your grandma."

liked his dog and said, "The horses are "Can we ride up to the canal with "Well, please, can we ride to the mighty tired*, and I don't know whether you?"the boy asked. farm with you?"he asked.

they can pull both of you."Sure. When almost to the grainfield, he

"Then let Mungo ride, and I'll walk."said, "You want to hire a good man?"

They got in. I was sitting on a sack

I looked at the dog. It was black of grain. The boy sat down on an- "No. You see, I have only one grain

other with the dog between us. drill so I can not use a man, but Mr.

Jackson or Mr. Stoble would hire one

"Don't be afraid of him. He only if they could find him."

bites thieves hurt said won't and you,"I don't want "But to work for them.

lad, for the the to close mighty dog was to for you."work

I to I want me. about dogs enough knew

realize that when one has a happy look So he was the "good man"that on his face and is enjoying himself, wanted work. I thought for some time

there is no need to be afraid. and then asked, "Why do you want to

work for me?""You see, I had three fishhooks, but Stubby stole two of them—"'Cause you have a nice fat team

"Wait a minute. Are you sure Stubby andall thearewatergood theyto themwantandeverylet 'emtimedrinkyou stole them?"

cross the canal, and 'cause you are good "Well, Mister, he throwed me down to me and Mungo, and don't swear at and just took 'em from me. Ain't that us, and when I get to be a big man, I'm

stealing?"going to be just like you."

He continued, "Last night I was I changed the team from the wagon to a-fishing up in the canal and lost my the drill and went to work. Again that

other hook. It got caught on an old boy had given me something to think

stump, and I'm taking Mungo up to about.

help me find it, for he always can find lost things, and we just got to find it When I was a boy like him, I too had else Grandma won't have no fish to my ideal man. I tried to walk and talk

eat."just as he did, in fact I tried to imitate

his every act. Then a few months later

I stopped the team on the canal bank I saw my mistake, for he was not what and undid the checkreins, for every I had expected him to be. As time went

time I crossed that canal those horses on, I nearly lost faith in the entire hujust had to stop and drink. The boy man family on account of his deeds and

watched in silence. When the horses actions. I wondered if, in years to come,

had had enough, they crossed over. I would still be this boy's ideal man

After I had fixed the checks, he said, or I would fail in his estimation just as "That's the stump, over there."my ideal man had failed in mine.

JANUARY, 1946 19

WIFE A MORMON

XI cJLijre Stom of Financial Crisis Jke

Besides managing a large home and the adjustments a making which ruaudta l/l/mterd Ljpc t family of seven children and three adults were bound to call forth, there were financial difficulties for my mother to face. It was very soon after companied him on many of these trips,

and at one such time she wrote: "Oh,

that financial panic of 1893! We lived

on cipher dispatches, I used to say. milk. Meat was quite a scarcity in our

They would come in the early mornhome. She made not one word of coming, at twelve o'clock at night, at alplaint, although she had at one time

most any unseasonable hour. Heber been drawing a salary of considerably

would take the telegram, and I would more than the allowance on which she get out the code, and we would dehad to take care of the family."

cipher it word by word. It was usualThe lessons she had learned in the

ly blue as indigo, a wail from the bank home of her thrifty and resourceful or other places, something to the efpioneer mother came to her rescue at fect of 'Help, or I perish!'and Heber this time. Mary Ann Winters never

would sigh, 'Ho, ho hum,'and look so troubled that my heart ached to help him, but I was powerless except to aid him by my sympathy, encouragement, and condolence, and he needed all three most of the time. But he met

each crisis and got through just at the last minute by the 'skin of his teeth'we used to say, and we felt that it was only the Lord that came to his rescue every time."

117[y father's financial status during this trying time was not generally known, but a few of his trusted associates understood the situation. They

begged him to take advantage of the bankruptcy act which, they contended, had been created for just such emergencies. But he was determined

to weather it through and eventually

HEBER TAKENJ. GRANT—PHOTOGRAPHIN THE NINETIES paid back every cent of what he

owed. His financial difficulties, following as they did, close upon the death

she came to live at 14 South Second of his wife, and the serious illness of

East Street that a nationwide financial his daughters, taxed his strength almost father wentcrash occurred, and my point. to the breaking stood mother My in of others with thousandsdown full side valiantly did her and by his

"the referred to as oftenwhat was crisis. in the share Houseto help out '93."motherpanic Both he and of my In the bone. to cut hold expenses were

were glad that Lucy had been spared her schoolteaching days "Miss Win- a knowledge of just how bad conditers"had earned a hundred dollars a tions really were. month; now all my father could allow

father short months, In four my

AS SHE GRANT WINTERS AUGUSTA the place he where fromwent NINETIES IN THE APPEARED was herand washalf seventyfiveof this amountdollarswas ina month,tithing in to he one which $100,000.00worth stretch scrip. to the she managed How

in debt. himself $30,000.00found No includbudget, family to the cover sum "If of bread. crust as so a wasted much that time as one referred to hewonder herself for ing clothes the younger and I did plains as the crossed and had you finan- "lightning struckin which me ten, of the children, for food some and she hungry,"would gone had sometimes this of effects major thecially."As is of a expenses our operating home a never say, throw "you would away more anddepression more became at. still to marveled matter But be some it an her of food."morsel was To to assets his continuedfarreaching, did. she other or way standsin the waste, actual to same and liabilities increase to hisshrink and daughter. her to on passed been ard had is facts be to these of confirmation years, he nextuntil, the few within A

was "$100,000.00 worse off than nothfound written by my father to a friend Some of her pet economics that I

ing,"Besides having his own troubles "She fed and partially clothed a family have not forgotten were the "trying to worry over, he was given some very of ten with the enormous amount of out"of fat and its saving for future uses, difficult financial problems of the seventyfive dollars a month! And part as shortening, etc. There were many

Church to solve. Hurried business of the amount was tithing office scrip. uses for stale bread. It might be

trips were often made to New York When the children asked for a second steamed and eaten hot, or utilized for to save the financial life of this or that glass of milk, they couldn't have it, bebread pudding, or fried till nice and

Church institution. My mother accause we couldn't afford that much brown and eaten with what we chil20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

dren called "Grant standby,"in other out of season. In our home we didn't for about the first time in their lives.

words, creamed chipped beef gravy. taste strawberries until Utah berries But they hung up their stockings and

Sour milk was never discarded but was were on the market. The same was true were very sweet, about it all. They were

made into cottage cheese, hot cakes, or of watermelons, cantaloupes, grapes, pleased with the toys and other things "Johnny"cake, or combined with peaches, or anything of the like. Perthat they received."

healthful whole wheat flour to make haps this is one reason I have never She goes on to say that though there muffins which we called "gems."The ceased to exult at the marvel of our was little for the family, her husband

shortening of these muffins was likely to modern refrigerated freight cars and the wanted to do something for "the poor be chicken fat that had been saved after variety which is possible nowadays in and needy, and I don't know who is

Aunt Susie Bennion had sent us a chickthe average home. more so than struggling artists.

en. During this time of stress Rachel and Johnny Hafen appealed to him to buy

By MARY GRANT JUDD, 2), of Pilnt JIU aJ, X Winter* Qn

Oruits and vegetables were plentiful Lucy were old enough to be told of the one of his pictures. The artist did not

and cheap in our younger days, and financial reverses the family had sufask nearly what it was worth, but he there was always an obliging Chinese fered. Uncomplainingly they gave up couldn't sell his beautiful pictures at

truckster who would take part "tithing their schooling at the Latterday Saint any price. Well, I got the picture, which

office money"in payment for our orhigh school and took office jobs to help Heber bought for my Christmas presders. In the summer hundreds and hunout with the family expenses. Even my ent, and I prize it very highly."

dreds of quarts of fruit were bottled mother learned typing and did some As for us children, we were, for the and stored in the cellar along with bushwork at home adding her small earnings most part, serenely unconscious that the els of winter potatoes that, to the disto the family income. family fortunes had suffered a setback.

gust of us children, must be sprouted Grandma Grant darned and mended, No youngsters could have had a happeriodically. Here, too, were different mended and darned, made beautiful pier home life than we. There were,

varieties of apples that kept well buttonholes for cotton underwear, or however, a few economies touching our

Rhode Island greenings, bellflowers, perhaps a kilt for Heber, or a skirt for private lives to which we objected. Not

and my father's favorite "hardheads"the older girls out of some woolen dress that it made any difference! The ecoor winter pearmains. Here could alshe had discarded. nomies proceeded just the same.

ways be found a fivegallon can of For example, when our longsleeved "frozen"Vernal honey which must be HHhe only time when my mother woolen dresses wore through at the laboriously dug out and melted before seemed to feel a bit sad was when elbows, there was always a piece of it was ready for table use. Then there Christmas came around and she bright new material raked out of the

were Dixie molasses and pine nuts and realized that the children must go withpiece-box in mother's closet with which almonds to take care of our healthy apout their accustomed tree. On her secthe frayed sleeves were "halfsoled"

petites. ond Christmas day at 14 Second East from elbow to wrist. This was humili-

I remember with what awe in those Street she recorded in her journal: ating, to say the least, for although the

days I regarded anyone who ate food "The children had no Christmas tree upper and lower portions of the sleeves were of the same material, one part was new and bright while the other was of a somewhat faded hue as a result of wear. But it was pointed out to us how

neat Grandma's patching was and how nice our dresses looked with the white starched pinafores that we wore over them to school.

f\NE loathedarticlewasofthe clothinglong handknittedthat we woolen stockings that we always wore.

Long underwear we didn't mind so much, for one really needed that protection in the more frigid regions of the house, and, walking the mile to and from school twice a day, or in our outof-door sports, it seemed appropriate;

but how glad we were when we finally graduated from those homemade stockings! The saddest feature about them

was that after repeated washings they changed hue considerably. Perhaps the

dye lots of several pairs were slightly different, or one of a pair had worn out or was lost. Did mother discard the

old stocking? No indeed. She was far

too economical for that—result: a pair

of stockings, one of which was a greenMARY GRANT ish black and the other a purplish black.

ON HER I remember that one compensation to SECOND

BIRTHDAY my childish embarrassment when I grew into such a tall, slim child was that eventually my school dress began to look stylishly short like those of my more sophisticated playmates. But alas!

just as my ego became a bit inflated, {Concluded on page 60) JANUARY, 1946 21 THE CAR STALLED. THERE WAS

NOTHING TO DO BUT WALK.

perstitions. And this reminded her of

her quilts.

"Joe,"she began hesitantly, "my quilts are worth money. Why don't I

sell them? I want to help!"

Joe frowned and his fingers tightened on his pencil. "You do plenty to help,"

he said. "I mean by earning real cash,"Sarah argued. "There must be six or seven

quilts in the chest upstairs. We don't

need them, but we do need the money they'd bring."

"We've talked about this before,"

Joe answered. "There isn't any use going over it again. Every time you earn

money something goes wrong, and it has to be spent fixing things up."

"How can you believe that my earnings bring bad luck? That's foolish,

Joe!"Sarah tried to keep her voice

steady, but she was close to tears.

"What happened when you sold those greeting cards and the fancy wrapping paper?"Joe asked grimly.

"It wasn't anyone's fault Bella got sick so we had a vet bill just at that time,"Sarah declared.

"What about when you did papering for Miss Hannah?"he interrupted.

blade—but"You fellthatand hasn'tbroke anythingyour shoulderto do

with the fact that I had just made a few dollars!"

"There isn't any use talking about—Illustrated by Charles Jacobsen it,"Joe said, rising and putting his

papers away in the catalog. "You know

I feel."looked at him with exasperaSarahtendingsat into thebe kitchendeeply rockerengrossedprerentedto workhisinlandthe tocity.Henry,He andwantshe'stogonesell howSarah

in the green of the quilt block she his tractor, and Henry hasn't any cash tion. How could she prove to Joe that

was piecing, but actually she was to buy it himself."he was simply holding fast to a silly

watching Joe. He was hunched over Sarah thought of the difference ownsuperstition? His stubbornness would

the big table with an old mailorder ing their own tractor would make in injure them all. In fact he had harped

catalog. Every night he sat in the same doing the work on their fifty acres. on his superstition so long that she herposition, head bent so that she could This year Joe planned to sow some in self had become nervous about them.

see the place on top, where his brown barley, ten in corn, and ten in rye, a Now he was obsessed with the idea hair was starting to grow thin. few could go into buckwheat, and there that because the times she had earned

"I wonder why they call it growing were already ten with winter wheat. money they had bad luck, this would

thin?"she thought, "when it's growing Henry's farm joined theirs and Abe's always be the case. Somehow she must

thin, it's not growing!"was on the other side of the road from sell those quilts so Joe could buy Abe's

Joe wrote some figures on his paper. Henry. tractor, and at the same time prove to

his regularThis procedure. silly he had been, as well as was Over him how "If really get it!"Sarah we could

herself! figure heand over would how much it said. could earn the balance "You by reassure

would cost to buy the tractor he working out with it."

wanted. He would jot down the amount P\uring the next few days Sarah spent

they'd managed to save and subtract "Henry will have to get help, and we every waking moment devising that from the total in the catalog. Last thought if I had the tractor we'd swing plans whereby she could get to town.

of all he'd try to estimate how much it on shares,"Joe explained. He looked There seemed to be a flaw in each one.

they could save this month. down at his figures again. "We only She could leave the farm only on a Fri-

"Sarah, how much do you think put in ten dollars this month."day when Joe himself would be gone.

we'll have this month? With fifty more Suppose she used the old truck, driv-

I'd order it and pay the balance during TJTer thoughts went back to her girling it to the garage for inspection, and the summer."Joe looked as excited as hood when Joe took her home from while they were checking it over she

he had the first night he'd started all the Sunday School picnic, and she'd would try to sell her quilts? There was

this. been teased about marrying a Dutchjust enough gas left in it to get her to

"But, Joe,"Sarah answered, "did man. The teasing had become a warntown and back. Joe would be furious

you forget? That's not this year's ing as time went on and people saw at first—but when he realized what the

catalog, and tractors aren't even listed Joe was serious. They said he'd be money meant to them, he would have

this year."She knew immediately "near,"which meant stingy. But he to admit the idea a good one.

there was something Joe hadn't told her. never was, and they'd been very happy. "Look, Joe,"she said one night as

"Guess I let the cat out that time,"There was just one trait which bothered he was bent over his figures, showing he smiled. "I didn't mean to tell you her and she could never bring herself him the way each pine tree block of

till I brought it home! Abe Schultz to accept. This was Joe's belief in suher new quilt was neatly done.

22 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA as Henry had no telephone either. But

in momentarily thinking of the cost of the telephone poles she remembered the line. electric drift in the of Stumbling

untilWOMEN'S WORK the outroad her bank she waded stretched solid the touched hands wood in breath of a pole. gasps 1 Her came &y amare1 t litcalm J)trackan

of the for the her weight now, snow on coat and skirt held her back. Slowly

she fought her way from pole to pole, "Looks fine,''he replied, and turned be known by name at least. After leavfalling once and sinking above her

back to his paper. ing the car in the garage she started waist in an enormous drift. Henry's

The more she sewed, the angrier out, carrying one tremendous box in light was far behind and any minute

Sarah felt. Each time she looked at each hand by clutching tightly the she should see their own. Her teeth

Joe's bent head with its thin place on ropes with which they were tied. started to chatter and she clenched

top she wanted to cry. Joe's attitude them in an effort to stop trembling.

toward the quilt seemed to call it At the first three houses no one anThen the light of her kitchen wavered "women's work,"but he refused to let swered the doorbell. Sarah's arms in the distance before her. She moved

her turn it into anything worth while. began to ache. She remembered she onto the road again and'it was easier

"Life's a crazy quilt,"she said sudhad had nothing to eat since sevento make headway. With home actualdenly. "Just a jumble of pieces without thirty and it was now almost two. It ly in reach, she was filled with dread.

a pattern."was difficult tramping through the snow, Were the children all right? What

He looked up, confused for a minute, and her stockings were wet above her would Joe say to her? But she had a

his mind still on his figures. Then he galoshes. As she approached the sense of triumph, too. Seventy dollars!

smiled, "Well, crazy quilts are pretty, fourth house she kept repeating to heraren't they?"self, Miller's "I'm Sarah "\T7hen

Sarah rose abruptly to put her work wife. quilts?"Would you likeMiller—Joeto see my vv kitchen,finally theshe childrenburst intostared.the

away. He would never give up trying, Suppose they said no? Panic began to Soaked from head to foot, her hair

and she wasn't any help. But she would take hold of her and her head felt light. straggling from beneath her fascinator,

be! He must be made to see! Determinedly she set down the she dropped exhausted on the couch.

find Friday Sarah morning woke to the fourth doorstep boxes on and Sally help to ran her and went upTom the with snow. covered ground It was the bell. of the afterpushed The rest stairs slippers for her bathrobe. and

falling see so she heavily could only in forever blurred her a noon was memquilts, I've "I've the sold the sold barn. the small piece of ory. faces. steps. Strange Icy Snow quilts,"hysterishe repeated to them in it,"like really for we're "Looks in eyes. her blowing where walk The "Where's 'Daddy?"said at breakfast. wind's Joe The slipped. she gave cally. The woman who in Bella. milking from came Joe rising the milk truck stuck got and on milk. her of a cup warm woman The

Geil's Hill."who wouldn't open her door. And then "Sarah,"he exclaimed, "wherever

Sarah felt an uneasy chill. If she had the woman who bought both quilts at were you?"

trouble because of the snow, she might once so fast that Sarah thought she was "Joe,"she said slowly, "I sold two be late getting back home. She waved dreaming. quilts. Look."She opened her purse

check. the stared him and handed He her out over from and on Over children as to the way he and goodbye Joe

it it at unbelievingly the dropped on and saying, dolkept Sarah "Seventy town lane, giving Sally the out and drove table. lars! dollars! get the Seventy lift We'll at the school the bus a to Tom answered. you've he done "Now, dollars!"tractor! Seventy as crossroad. out they soon were As

I said. wouldn't what "You know it!"Why frantically sight, scurried from she of It this of because have been must listen?"you her job to she could job be so on way. that didn't quite the see turn she soon

in his despair utter voice brought The the the of enough, and wheels Ford in to quilts boxes be packed had The tears to eyes. Sarah's

into the road. the beside plowed bank patterns favorite her chose two—she "Nothing's to happen, I'm going Joe.

tried gear reverse quickly but Sarah of Daisies Field to take all today—the right."everything's back and

the the rattled car spun wheels and exciteGirl. In her the Sunbonnet and effect her But conviction no on had happening. climbed nothing with She lid chest the of the she on ment dropped him. she to her as watched moved He stiffly in shovel. In the with out and dug felt violent fingers her a of and one the tried stove to her hands. and warm

all this times the seen she do had Joe pain. of stab "You'll get or pneumonia, something!

thing realized she never very had how to everything then on seemed From children weren't the here You when hit to to ground, bare deep had go you fire in the range wrong. go The was in school played from they and came

is at the nor hardpacked snow how it to she out for almost wait till had and I out came. soaked were They the climbed place. time she such a By to leave. she could before come up through."

back into the car her feet and hands pulled she her galoshes on Meanwhile "I could have here if you'd been were icy. to the chicken coat and and house. went replied. the quilts,"taken she

Tom had forgotten to fill the water It had stopped snowing, but a strong "Then it would have been something pans! That done, she went to the old wind was blowing the snow on the road else. You don't understand."He turned

carriage shed they used for a garage into drifts which were hard to get wearily and went out.

and stowed the quilts in the back seat through. She knew better than to try But as the warmth of the kitchen beof the Ford. She hastily wrote a note Geil's Hill, making the extra five miles gan to penetrate through her aching

for Sally and Tom, and left the house. round instead. Dark settled down on body, Sarah refused to feel upset at

countryside, she the time each and car the she out backed it was When nothing Joe's pessimism. hapWhen

fershe wished passed a lighted house find to the rather a shock deep how she pened he would admit was right.

snow had become. We ought to have vently she was warm at home. Just as she began to put supper on

chains, thought, stalled. she car and went back to the Suddenly There was table the returned. at Joe She knew

the tool shovel. for a shed Nothing walk. nothing but to do once something was wrong.

like being prepared. for the in the ignition keys She left pigs the scourers,"have "The he

Today the drive to town was endless, the snowplow men in case they came stated flatly.

for she had to go slowly and carefully, through before Joe got down to dig it "The pigs?"Sarah and the children

staying right in the tracks made by out. Then she started up the road. chorused.

some earlier car. "If only we had a phone,"she "What's scourers?"asked Sally.

Her plan was to go first to the houses thought. "I could stop at Henry's and Sarah sat down weakly. Joe would

on Joe's egg route. There she would phone Joe."This was oddly amusing {Concluded on page 52)

JANUARY, 1946 23 TEACHING THE DEAF

r\055 shurdtonINBarrell,1891 Thomasand LorenC. PrattGriggs,(theHenrylatter iSuV Cdvuln

a deaf man who could speak well, and a son of Orson Pratt ), began to disas to the possibility of organizing a five years'existence. There have been

cuss the necessity of teaching the gospel Sunday School class for the deaf in fortytwo semiannual conferences held to the deaf. Brother Griggs was a comBountiful First Ward. Brother Willard at which time one of the General Auof School ourposer Sunday of some present present. is At have incidentally been not deaf, Barlow, who

the popular ofsongs, most among House. welfare. in their in the Beehive interested meet which E.became A thoritiesthey Strain."is, the Raise Sacred "Gently the last years Sunday the started In Barclass few Elder with then was

daughter, Mrs. Ivy a deaf had nowHe fully organized. wife, his in charge. has Jessie, been more School low and

supervisor at present aGriggs Low, missionaries set apart Sister deaf, have home not Barlow was They of Though younger boys at the Great Falls, Monproficient in the dactylology of the deaf. who have had success with converts

tana, School for the Deaf, for whom he Led by these people, a group of ten baptized into the Church. The purpose

was concerned. This was one reason was organized and met for their first of the home missionary work is to help

that prompted him to try and organize, Sunday School class in Bountiful First increase attendance at classes (there with the help of others, a Sunday Ward. Soon after this, many deaf peoare three classes at present) so that

School class for the deaf. Finally, one

was started with a few members of the faith attending, until it grew to a good size. When, in 1 896, the School for the OUTING

Deaf and Blind was removed to Ogden AT from Salt Lake City, this original SunFAIRMONT day School class went with them. At PARK

first they held their meetings in the inIN stitution chapel, and later, held them in AUGUST the old Ogden Fourth Ward for a numOF ber of years. In 1917 the General Au1945

thorities of the Church built a new chapel which became the Ogden Branch for the Deaf, with Max W. Woodbury

in charge. He still is president of the

left wives, to right, front row: superintendency are from of the and their members members, Committee all the childrenbranch. deaf Nearly

Thurston, assistant superintendent; Gladys Helen second Burnham Thurston, Morgan, R. f. Ross W. the Deaf, School for andfrom the Larsen, Bishop Willard superintendent; Mrs. Mrs. Holger Barlow, E. Barlow, interpreter; Willard also GrantWenger,

a number of adult deaf people residing Holger M. Larsen, of the Tenth Ward, a guest speaker, representing Dr. John A. Widtsoe; L. Elgin Jacobson,

in Ogden and surrounding towns, have first Backassistantrow: superintendent;Catherine J. Morgan,Pearl W.NaomiJacobson.W. Olsen, Ivy Griggs Low, Elsie M. Preece, Georgia H. Walker,

taken advantage of this opportunity, Rodney W. Walker, Hannah O. Cameron, Florence H. Jacobs, Joseph Phil Thornton.

and many have held responsible office and teaching positions in the branch. pie from surrounding towns, especially they may have sufficient attendance to

Brother Woodbury is greatly loved Salt Lake City, began going to Bountiwarrant the building of a branch for the by all the deaf people for his unselfish ful, until there was a majority from Salt deaf in Salt Lake City.

work among them. He has sacrificed Lake City attending regularly, which Since they do not have authority to

his own time to interpret for them not resulted in Brother and Sister Barlow hold priesthood and sacrament meetonly in the branch but in other gatherreceiving a mission call from the First ings, they have had, from time to time, ings as well, such as special conferPresidency, in August 1920, to organweekly cottage meetings in order to ences, Utah Association of the Deaf ize and take charge of the deaf of Salt keep abreast of the teachings of the conventions, temple marriages, and to Lake City. Mrs. Jessie Wright Barlow gospel. Last spring they completed a

go through the temple with them, etc. passed away in 1932. Brother Barlow twoyear study and discussion of Dr

He has for many years been principal later remarried and continued to devote Widtsoe's book, Evidences and Reconof the school for the deaf. A number much of his time freely without comciliations, with E. Ross Thurston as

of years ago a new boys'hall was built pensation, this being his twentysixth instructor.

on the campus and named Woodbury year of service in behalf of the deaf. The present organization consists of

Hall in his honor. In April 1944, he was Elder Barlow has also helped many of the following: Willard E. Barlow,

further signally honored with a program them through the temple. A room in the superintendent: L. Elgin Jacobson,

and dance, at which Utah's Secretary Latterday Saint Bureau of Information first assistant superintendent; E. Ross

of State E. E. Monson, President building on the temple grounds was Thurston, second assistant; Ferdinand

Samuel G. Dye of Ogden Stake, and provided for them by the General Au- T. Billeter, secretarytreasurer; Joseph

many other prominent men spoke. He thorities. From there, the group was Cameron, Jr., librarian; Gladys Burnwas also presented with a gift. moved to a classroom of the Latterday ham Wenger, interpreter; E. Ross

Saint College. Later they were moved Thurston, missionary class instructor

"Decause the majority of the deaf peoto the old missionary home on North and head of the home missionaries;

pie resided or were attending school State Street where they met for a numKate O. Keeley, Rodney W. Walker,

in Ogden at this time, the Salt Lake ber of years. The growth of the class and Kenneth Olsen, instructors in the

City group held no more classes. A few, was slow but steady. It was at this gospel doctrine class; Georgia H.

who could afford it, often went to Ogtime that Gladys Burnham (now Mrs. Walker, Don C. Jacobs, and Joseph

den to attend sacrament and priesthood D. Hart Wenger) was asked to come Phil Thornton, instructors in the gospel

meetings. to Salt Lake City from Ogden every message class; Naomi W. Olsen,

It was not until March of 1920 that week to take part in teaching the class Gladys A. Hind, and Catherine J. Mor-

a few deaf people, who then resided in and to act, when necessary, as intergan, choristers.

Bountiful, Utah, became concerned preter. She, too, has also given many For the past few years, parties, stage

about the inactivity regarding religion years of unselfish effort toward helping shows, bazaars, outings, etc., have been

of deaf people in and around Salt Lake the deaf people. Though partially deaf, held to raise funds to help purchase

City. Through the promptings of the she has done exceptionally well in infurniture and other necessities incident

late Mrs. George Wright who had five terpreting. The group has been moved to a new chapel, with considerable sucdeaf children, a discussion was started to eight or nine locations in its twenty- (Concluded on page 56)

24 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ARE YOU l\eadu i

years than ago I putMoremember, on myI likefirsttolongretrousers, and with that mask of By W. E. STOWELL

defiance that nearly every teenage Chief Radio Technician, youth wears to hide his extreme sensi- U.S.S. Pittsburgh

tiveness, I started out on my bicycle, hoping to be accepted by the world as a fullgrown man. I stopped at a nearby

service station to put air in my tires. like great lamps wherever they went.

They didn't need it, but I had to have True, a few succumbed to the pressure, some reason to wear my new apparel but by far the greater number of them out in public. I took a long time at the have shown up so magnificently comair hose, wishing some one would come pared to the average man, that if you

along and call me by my last name or could have seen them you would repossibly even with a "mister"in front member, to your dying day, that, if that of it. My awakening was rude when was the product of Mormonism, then

I heard the service station operator those long hours of ward teaching, of shout, "Hey son, what do you think priesthood work, of Relief Society you are doing in long pants? Next you'll work, and any or all of the other activibe wanting to shave."He followed the ties, in which you had spent time and

blast with a laugh that cut me so deeply money, were the best investments that that even today I have a hard time seeyou had ever made.

ing the funny side of the situation. My I have yet to meet the boy with a

surly, "So what?"hid, not the desire family who does not want to return to

to be tough or a bad neighbor, but his home. I found out by listening to

rather my wounded pride. Later in my many men, that the state in which each Illustration by Nelson White

Mutual Improvement Association work, one lived was the best. In that state,

I had to think back many times to that city, town, or farm that had been home incident when some people complained to him was the finest part of the world find work. Two of the boys returned

that they were unable to get cooperathat was ever created. Some of the at nearly the same time. Both had been

tion from their young people. We often places so described, turned out to be overseas in the air corps. Each one

forget that a small measure of appreciathe most desolate, uninteresting spots had about every medal that his chest tion will frequently turn an obstinate, that can be imagined. Some turned out would hold. Each had suffered combat

antisocial, young man into one of the to be narrow, crowded spaces which fatigue and had been hospitalized for most willing workers. were unbearably hot in summer, and a time. They had seen the world, literYou want your sons to come back to miserably cold and damp in winter Yet ally. What hope was there that these

you after they are released from the they referred to these places in the same boys, the type needed to build up and service. I cannot tell you how to manner that the disciples of old referred maintain better communities, could be

change your sons so that all of them to heaven. I take that as the finest cominduced to settle in this humble village?

will want to come home to you more pliment that they could pay to their Their mother assured me that they than they may want some other things. parents and families. would settle there, but I was skeptical.

Neither can I tell you some magic They had been just boys when they formula which will make you entirely- "Tow, let's talk about your sons for a went away, impressionable, interested happy when you hear him say, after a few minutes. The majority of them in something new, and ready to test

short time at home, "Well, it has been will return to you, sound in body and their wings. In this case they were

nice to be home but I guess I saw too mind. They will not want sympathy given manmade wings of unbelievable

much territory to be satisfied here. and will resent any attempt to treat range and speed, and given a chance to

Guess I'll be going to some bigger place them as psychopathic cases. No one see as much of the world as few exto get started in business."Some parwounds worse than the amateur psyplorers in the past had equaled.

ents upon hearing that believe that the chologist. When the lives of a thousand When they came home, she held

young man really wants to go. Some shipmates depended on them, sufficient them proudly in her arms and said in

believe that he has really grown so that confidence was placed in them to put effect, "My men. How you have grown!

his home town is too small. However, them in places of trust, which caused You went away boys and came back

I would like to reveal, confidentially of them to rise to the occasion. Some, unmen. What do you want to do?"Here

course, to parents only, some of the der heavier strains than they were fitted was recognition! The boy part, that

things that I have seen and know for to bear, became casualties, but espepart that wanted recognition had not facts; a short course in readjustment cially among Latterday Saint boys, the grown out of them. It never does.

for civilians, as it were. percentage was small. There are well Many a successful wife will tell you

My experience in Mutual work, pritrained government doctors who check that.

marily in M Men work, covered a pethese cases and make proper recomThe boys didn't know what they riod of about seventeen years. When mendations. Their advice is good. wanted to do. She didn't press them or

Uncle Sam took practically the last of However, if your son is allowed to reoffer any advice. They would ask formy M Men, I too followed along by turn home without special instructions, it when they wanted it. They were

joining the navy. I met the world on the less said about readjustment, the men. "I'd really be happy if you would

Satan's own ground and believe me, better. stay here for a few days until you deSatan is not the suave, polished foe Let me tell you how one mother cide what you want to do,"she said.

that many people in sheltered Mormon handled the problem. Her life has "In fact, I want you here as long as

communities have come to believe him known enough trouble to give her an you want to stay. This is your home.

to be. I was proud beyond belief when understanding of many things that the Do as you wish. I just want a chance

I saw our sons hold up their heads and more sheltered one might miss. She had to look at you for a while. That is like

face the storm. They faced criticism, several fine boys in the service. She heaven."And her eyes showed that

ridicule and actual physical violence to lives in a small town where most of the she meant it. Her boys were tired,

live their ideals, and they stood out boys, upon reaching maturity, leave to {Concluded on page 55)

JANUARY, 1946 25 iilllll

Illill

TLTeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt ** Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System

By RICHARD L. EVANS every Sunday at 12:00 noon Eastern Time, 11:00 a.m. Central

Time, 10:00 a.m. Moutain Time, and 9:00 a.m. Pacific Time.

ycjuickly LJn Arcceptin >ound lrincipledM Cjenemtion Ljrou/d lAp—

"\17ith the passing of a quarter century of radio broadot infrequently children ask questions, and then rebel *"casting a generation has been born and grown to man- N against the answers—if the answers don't happen to

it so? Why doeshood that has never known what the world was like withplease them: "Why can't I do it? Why is

grownobserver we touch a detached it to accustomed, by the be this way?"To have it. up has grown out A generation anright like children. The at very event look sometimes seat at any major ups ringside must a to having button, of a

any time, any place in the world. A generation has grown swer is often not to our liking. Facts often get in our way.

up in a world, where, theoretically at least, it would be Principles are often looked upon as being most inconvenpossible for all mankind to hear the same message at the ient. Indeed, it would sometimes seem probable that we

same time, by means which men direct and control in partlive in a world where too many are looking for the solution too but so little understand. A generation has grown up to problems which have already been solved—where

listening! The fact that all this could be consummated many are looking for the answers to questions that have

within a scant twentyfive years brings us to a subject that already been answered—but some of us don't like some of

would be trite if it were not so profoundly true: Where the answers. The plain truth is sometimes distasteful

men are concerned, time does what it does quickly. How especially if it interferes with our accustomed ways of

quickly our children grow up, and how exceedingly perishliving and thinking. No doubt, there were many in ancient

able are our opportunities for teaching them! Each hour Israel who didn't like the Ten Commandments. There were

adds its weight of impression to the total impressions of many in their day who didn't like the Sermon on the Mount.

life. Each day adds some strength to the force of habit. We recall the experience of Jesus the Christ, whom the

Each week adds to the structure of character. Opportunities multitude devotedly pursued when he fed them loaves and

to teach our youth are perishable, because they pass quickly fishes, and whom they deserted when he stood trial for his and never come again. It would be impossible to say when life. And "Jesus answered them and said... Ye seek me,

the critical time of a boy's or a girl's life is going to be, not because ye saw the miracles, but because ye did eat but if as parents we should become too busy or too preof the loaves, and were filled."(John 6:26.) Both before

occupied to keep close to our children, to keep counsel with and since this utterance, there has been much eager running them, we might find any time that we had missed a perishafter those who offered bread, and much deserting of those able opportunity in a critical situation. Because we who who offered only sound principles-—those who insisted on

have lived longer may have found principles and purpose the right answers. It takes moral courage to stick to first

and ideals that give stability to our lives, we may sometimes principles, but there isn't any other way to peace, to prosconveniently assume that these checks and balances will perity, to selfrespect, or to anything that is worth while in understood and by known automatically, become somehow, prove to of history of years thousands there are life—and unless but, them; we conas we understand our children our in it, repetitions blunders of old good and a many

knowledge, such in passing on ourselves exert scientiously it because further. merely we to century prove And own

is it convenient True, assurance. this right to no have we resorting for is right excuse like answers no the not may they hearing what are children that our to assume at times principle and can't ones. compromise to the wrong We read, should they reading what are they that hear, should

is that part of the answer right at the arrive are see, that they answers—and should they seeing what are they that

learning what they should learn, that they know what they men, communities, and nations cannot live in peace, in prosall this too lightly we may perity, in happiness, or in safety unless they are honest, should know—but if we assume

find that some of them have been led into the error of bevirtuous, reasonable, decent, hardworking, selfsupporting, lieving that old fallacies and ancient evils are new and selfrespecting members of society; unless they speak the

smart and modern. A generation grows up quickly. A few truth and live it. And those who spend their time seeking

short years of bad teaching and a generation has been elaborate ways of bypassing the right answers will evermisled. A few short years of neglect, and a generation lastingly find themselves on the same old detours, in comfor convenparent assume Let no confusion. in up grows children all our the past. of the wreckage with pany When

at things these consider to enough is time there that ience the against it, foolishness utter of rebelling the see do we can preparent too become leisure. Let no comfortable one's

still is utter ourselves It foolishness right answers. when we opportunities perishable the about concerned to be occupied

for teaching youth. Where men are concerned, time does rebel against the truth. That new heaven and new earth of

which we often speak will not come until we get down to what it does quickly—as a generation grow up, listening

and learning'and taking their places among us. first principles...—November 4, 1945.—November 11, 1945.

26 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.-.-.-...-..;-.-.-..::...;.:-.-.;:.:;-:...-.-.::'::;<::;:;::.-.<."x

mmimm mi-

'::::::::;:V:::v:-:-::::::::x::::::;x::-::::;:-;:::::::>:::: mk><fixWmixWi:

public health or safety, we invoke injunctions and penalties.

CJn Getting Jiway from \Jur5elve5 Buthavetherenot beenare someas effectivethings againstin protectingwhich ourselves—oneit would seem weof

or obof indecent voicing speech. offensive to become is The seems past which the in years, old are those whopOR imleaves language, foul of utterance the or stories, thought scene which things we and many in memory, - sharper

it. hear those of who minds the scar pressions which away, stored be to but proved have obliterated beenhad

likely to others were where poison easier spread to it is often were If we aged, recalled. For the to be waitingonly

to be summariexpect injured, would it or contaminated we is to be than ago fifty years that happened recall somethingto intellectmoral and the befoul those utterwith. But ly dealt who in the Also, yesterday. happened that somethingrecall

the polluting are utterances offensive with anesual atmosphere of words wandering in the illness, or fevered of aance physical a to spread were they of as though air as surely speak impressions longhidden voice oftenthesia, we us, think all of sometimes people, poison. young Sometimes never hoarded. has memory which orWe experiencesobscure can think things; we of we such partake to it associated us hurt train of off won't a will touch something whenknow

attention when our withdraw that choose, as look listen thought or we some past of the out from will bring thatideas the impressions But forget what are we choose. and choose, forgotten.These but we seemingly and lain dormant longhas

under cirrecalled are often persist, and recminds left upon our of the inerasable them, needed evidences, if we further control. many situations There are years our beyond cumstances many us to spend It is lives. common for of ourord

in close sometimes together, are thrown we in which people when against the day information useful storing away can put it to some practical purpose; and when we have quarters, under conditions of necessity or duty, when the

done so, we expect to be able to recall it at will. Sometimes speech of one, offensive or not, is heard by all. And under

it requires a little brushing up, a little freshening of memory, such conditions, offensive speech would seem to be even but once having learned something, the impressions are more offensive than when a listener could walk away from there, even though seemingly forgotten. And the same it. The defacement of a piece of property or a work of

process which records things we would like to remember art is a punishable crime. But how much more despicable

also records things which we would perhaps rather forget is the deliberate defacing and befouling of the mind of man, greater God, no greater work of this there is no which acthan regret. Perhaps mistakes, disappointment, sorrow,

life. from ourselves cannot isolate course, creation. we of those who Of of the restlessness part for some counts in

always seem to be possessed by an aimless urge to be going, As long as we live with others, we shall see and hear things choosour of are not liking and which to our not are arriving. which of contentment the find to seem never and who

his life his and smears deliberately let thoughts no man who outrun ing. But to trying our own of us are some Perhaps

trying to get away from ourselves, and that, fortunately or thoughts, or the thoughts of others, take any comfort in the unfortunately, we can never do. The persistence of self supposed assurance that he or anyone else can forget them

is an undeniable and immortal fact which no man ever when he wants to, because there is no erasing of the subgive would there are many who record. our are own eternal escapes. memory—but We or heard. seen have things they some of the against score to keep for any man us. WeItengraveis not necessarythe facts stancemuch toofforget

upon ourselves, ineradicably. And he who thinks he has It would seem, therefore, that our need to protect ourcause to run from his memories would do better to spend selves from mental infection is at least as great as our need

his time reshaping his thoughts and filling his life with such for protection against physical hazards. Freedom of speech

indecent speech is an things as he will not hesitate to remember—for peace and is a glorious right and privilege—but quiet thoughts do not come by restless running to and fro. abuse of freedom.—December 2, 1945.

is to himself from can "get away"a man only way revised form in The 18, appears of November The comment Note:

will title past the himself. True, the within under Era, changes of the December effect some on page 760, an editorial as

always be there, but it may be redeemed by the present and "Some Varieties of Gratitude."

the future. To be going in the right direction gives a great

measure of peace and contentment, no matter how far off Copyright. 1946.

the course we may once have been.

—November 25, 1945.

in On 2)4acinq a Asa society of people, we have learned to take measures to protect ourselves against many things. Those who commit theft or violence

we endeavor to isolate. Against the

spread of many communicable dis eases, we impose quarantine.

Against those who are responsible for hazards to

JANUARY, 1946 -* MIRACLE/

Jke Stom of tkt

of Ascencion early in March, a temporary camp was established. A week

later a second company arrived from

Snowflake. Additional emigrants continued to arrive during the following

weeks.

The influx of so large a group of foreigners aroused the suspicion and enmity of certain local Mexican officials which resulted in an order on April 9 from the acting governor of Chihuahua for the Mormons to leave that state within fifteen days. An appeal to the

Chihuahua government proving futile,

Elders Brigham Young, Jr., and Moses

Thatcher of the Council of the Twelve, were dispatched to Mexico City to bring the case before President Porfirio

Diaz.

The Mormon emissaries were successful in having the expulsion order revoked and the Chihuahua governor deposed. President Diaz stated that he

was anxious to have the Mormons come and help develop the country and that they were welcome to settle on lands of their own choosing in the states of

Chihuahua, Sonora, or anywhere else

Illustrations except in that narrow strip of land by along the border known as the Zona

Map ':".';; j| NelsonadaptedIromWhite Prohibida?

ShowingLocriinij sketches Tpon his return from Mexico City, by the ** Elder Thatcher advised the colonofMainioiiCoImiieSi author ists to scatter out and rent lands from in Mbxlcd. theable Mexicanstracts coulduntilbesuchpurchased.time as Thissuitscattering would also serve to allay any

anxiety existing among the natives that they were being invaded, or that an prospect. conquest armed was in envisioned the Stake date 16, under had 1884, of December YoungBrigham

settleadvising settlers establishing the the original of Arizona to seek broke up camp Mormon When ments in Mexico as a logical exhomes in Mexico. This letter was conin April, one party consisting of eleven

tension of his colonization of the Great sidered of sufficient importance that it families went up the Casas Grandes

Basin and adjacent regions, but he did was personally carried to Arizona by River some sixty miles and located not live to see the fulfilment of his Elder Seymour B. Young. Before the temporarily at the Tres Alamos, about

plans, although he did send missionend of the year several of the Arizona five miles north of the Mexican town ary expeditions into Chihuahua and brethren, acting upon counsel, had of Casas Grandes. Here land was

Sonora as well as Mexico City. Six crossed the border and obtained emrented from the local Mexicans and

salt hauling the planted. ployment colonto of the great after the place deathyears The was called 1 Mexican crops

at Central Railroad Turley's Jose. the Isaac Stake was San Camp, after Maricopa Turleyizer, when who

the along elder. the settlers been presiding appointedorganized had among During 1885, January Macdonald

Alexin Arizona, President swelledSalt River group was soon The little by hasty trip and to seek Layton made a ander F. Macdonald was instructed to out suitable lands in northern Chihuathe arrival of a halfdozen other families. settlepossibilities forinvestigate the the Because of nature temporary to rent arrangements hua or make 2and of their residence border. the press ofment along the and Some Mexican 23, buy. February Elder Moses On

exiles in lived the contents explorationspreliminary work, been or had wagons of the the of Council Thatcher Twelve this constructed prior rude to asducted Macdonald by shelters known F. set Alexander time, and out or Macdonald

elders boweries. for in 1 guide strangers he acted as 884 Thoughand in a new from Arizona, St. David, with a comBrigham Young, Jr., and Heber J. pany of emigrants. Reaching the Casas land, religious duties were not negGrant, of the Council of the Twelve, Grandes River near the Mexican town lected. Sunday schools and sacrament

on an exploring expedition into Sonora. meetings were faithfully held under the

Jenson, Stake,""Juarez L.D.S. Ms.. Andrew letter from was dispatched:)Brigham Young. Taylor, John A Helaman W. Historical Library Church Pratt, jetter F. written to A. Jr.,Macdonald. from Mexico Firstthe to President Presidency

Salt Jenson, 2Andrew City, Chronology, Church Lake City of 11, under date 1885. in July Andrev.'quoted

St. of theChristopher Layton Joseph page 117 Jenson. "Juarez Stake,"Ms.

28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA logs set on end as close together as possible and the floor and roof of dirt.

Elder George Teasdale preached the first sermon in the new building on

Erastus Elder January 30, and SnowPIEDRAS VERDES 14. there preached on March

A week later, Sunday, March 21, a celebration was held, the townsite be- *J"oiA,naLvia of Lotonla sriuarez ing formally dedicated and named

Colonia Juarez, after Benito Juarez, the Mexican national hero. Senor Don

By LESLIE L. SUDWEEKS by the Saints as their representative Grandes,Urban Zubia,and thethe JefeCatholicPoliticopadreof Casaswere

to accompany Senor del Campo to in attendance, and both delivered

Mexico City and arrange the details of speeches of welcome to the Mormons.

the purchase. Macdonald returned on The ceremonies included a Mexican

of acquisition 6, the reporting March flagraising. also Speeches were made trees the the or shade camparound of acres) hectares 49,000 (about 20,000 Senor Erastus by del Campo, Gomez fire stars. the under of President of land. the Church The P. AlexMiles and Romney, Snow, result of explorations the a As this appropriated $12,000 toward of had F. renchoir ander Macdonald. The Francis Teasdale, Lyman, George M. purchase. selections, inseveral musical dered during Williams, the C. and George

summer of 1885, the little company at At a meeting two weeks later, on cluding "Oh Say, What Is Truth?""Do

Turley's Camp, which seems also to March 19, it was decided that the setWhat Is Right,"and "Beautiful River."

have been called San Jose, decided to tlers would form themselves into a A banquet followed these impressive locate in the beautiful valley of the company and hold the lands in common, ceremonies.

Piedras Verdes River, where a conwith no title passing to individuals. In April, Annie M. Romney, wife of

siderable acreage of land was available The assignments made to heads of Miles P. Romney, was persuaded to

for purchase. families were to be held merely as become the first teacher of Colonia

At a special meeting held December stewardships. Irrigation ditches were Juarez, holding school in the log meet-

4, 1885, Miles P. Romney read a letter dug, water being taken out of the inghouse.

from Elder George Teasdale, of the Piedras Verdes about two miles above

Council of the Twelve, appointing the campsite, and farming operations HPhe year 1886 held promise of succommenced. were for colonists. ircess the new An the presiding as George Sevey W. a meetinghouse, eighteen Meanwhile rigation system had completed. been elder for the venture. days Three new

feet, twentyeight had been comby corn, vegetables, Their sugar cane and later families, including several George the walls pleted in January, formed by (Continued on page 40) Isaac Sevey, C. Williams, George W.

Turley, Peter Nielsen, Ira B. Elmore,

Joseph A. Moffett, William G. Romney, Hyrum Christian Nielson, Peter

N. Skousen, Hyrum Jerome Judd, and

Ernest L. Taylor left San Jose and

drove seventeen miles to the some.'; Ruins Old Piedras Verdes. followed were They

Of:;-', On Top within a P. days few by Miles Romney,

.:,v. 'noTT:','-LOLONIA: M0untairL/. Bloomfield, Hawkins, Thomas John

'::;/,.:/: Joseph Haycock, and Joseph C. Fish. JUAftEZ

'"Phe site selected was a beautiful one, located on the southwest bank of opposite the Piedras about Verdes the 'sum*:? Tinaja of the mouth Wash. The valmasu.fUv-: ley here was about two miles wide and Original Sih

the level as as a floor. land almost To of Colonia Juarez res foothills lay the grassy the west of the

mighty Sierra Madres, and to the east, another bulwark of low hills, separating the valley of the Piedras Verdes from that of the Casas Grandes.

Joseph C. Fish surveyed the townsite before the close of the year, and

town lots were allotted to the heads of J- i* families. The first residences consisted

of dugouts and boweries constructed along the bank of the river.

Regular Sunday meetings were con- *v.v \

tinued at the new location, and, to start the new year out right, a choir was orqanized on Sunday, January 3, T-VrV 1 886. The little colony took much pride

in this choir, which furnished music for patriotic and social gatherings as -: -':'-'-'";:- v.'well as religious ones.:->'-VV*;:r.-;;-.;

On January 6, Senor Gomez del Campo met with the brethren regard- -Map ShowingJbriginal and Subsequent ing their negotiations for the purchase CplonLa Juarez* of the promisof lands Piedras Verdes, on in on Sketch 'Location.'-(Bas&d Andrew Jenson., u

. WARDS'ing as or TJf JUAJRJSZ as wanted. they?TAK, them much MS.; \ *.

Alexander F. Macdonald was selected

JANUARY, 1946 29

Ckwekjl/lwes On French Mission He is a thirtytwo year veteran Scout, charge of duties to President McDonHpHE First Presidency announced the the last nineteen of which have been ald. (See page 14.) Elder Albert E.

appointment of James L. Barker spent in professional service. He has Bowen of the Council of the Twelve,

as president of the French Mission, held every rank from tenderfoot Scout, representing the board of trustees of during the week when he first joined at Kaysville, Utah, the Brigham Young University, gave ending Novemto and including Eagle Scout, and has the closing address. Dr. John A.

ber 24. Since the held every position from assistant paWidtsoe was in charge of program aroutbreak of the trol leader to scoutmaster, and from field rangements.

war, affairs of Scout executive to Scout executive. He Many of the General Authorities

the mission have has served scouting's interests in were in attendance, as were delegates been adminisWashington, California, and Idaho, from the nation's principal colleges and tered by three Idaho Governor learned societies.

local brethren, Washington Visit its first Latterstate has of Idaho TThe for DevignezPaul Smith, George "President Albert

S. governor. Saint U. day When Disthe Belgium the Elder of A. Widtsoe CounJohn in died Senator November, Thomastrict, FarLeon cil the of E. Twelve, and Thomas Charles Gossett C. Governor becamegier for France, assistant to the Twelve, were McKay, to senator, vacating the governorship R. Simondand visitors in early Washington November Williams. Arnold LieutenantGovernorfor the FrenchJAMES L. BARKER for the arrangements sending make

is in to Williams, Governor whose home District.Swiss Saints. of items to needed European

is of the 84th quoRexburg, a member returned recently Barker President from the Argentine Mission where he rum of the seventy. He has served for U.S.A.C. President

presided. He served as a missionary in eight years as activity counselor in the r\R. Franklin S. Harris, former presSwitzerland and Austria from 1901 to Rexburg First Ward Mutual Improveident of Brigham Young University

1904, and has studied extensively in ment Association, and previously became president of the Utah State

Europe. He is a member of the Deseret served for two years in the same caAgricultural College, Logan, when inSunday School Union general board. pacity in the Rexburg Fourth Ward. augural exercises were held November

His wife, Kate Montgomery Barker, Central Pacific Mission 16.

first in the general counselor formera Primary Hospital A. of Melvyn Weenig A ppointment will presidency, accomSocietyRelief

officers Presnamed by the First Utah, to preside over "VTew of Ogden, labor. field of his to They himpany

for idency Children's Pacific the Primary the ( formerly the Central Japaafter in President spring the will leave

Barker's leave of absence from the nese) Mission, Hospital in Salt Lake City are: Mrs.

Prigeneral Adele Cannon Howells, headquarofUniversity Utah language departwith 'BflHHHS as president the ters in of mary president, Hawaii effective.ment becomes

was announced board of trustees; Mrs. Frances G. BenIdaho Falls Temple December 3. nett of the Primary general board as

/\rdinance work was begun under the The thirtyvice president and acting superintenddirection of President George F. yearold misent; Mrs. Lavern W. Parmley and

Richards of the Council of the Twelve sion president Mrs. Dessie G. Boyle, counselors in the

and President David Smith of the Idaho served in that general presidency, and Mrs. Mildred

Falls Temple, in the newlycompleted. mission from C. McKay of the general board as the

Idaho Falls Temple on Monday, De1937 to 1940. members of the board of trustees; and

cember 3, when 352 baptisms for the At the time of Mary R. Jack as secretary.

dead were performed. Font officiators his appointment Temple Square Visitors

a he memwas first were: Willard baptisms the for of the tourend brought has 'HThe war the of ber Og- F. White, baptizer; Joseph C. Dye, ists WEENIG MELVYN in to back Square an Temple high Stake den assistant Snarr, G. confirmer; Abner increasing ever number. Sunday, On council. With and Grant Ovard confirmer; William 2, visited September persons some 3656 his Georgia Harmer, wife, former the witnesses; A. and Johnson, G. Henry the square, three than famous more expects to leave their sons he and two recorder. Peterson, Bent times that the any number had come on mis- 1, will he assume where February including ordinances temple Other the period. during Sunday war responsibilities Castle from H. sion DeWednesday, begun were marriage Davis Stake of president been has Murphy, who 5. married couples were Ten cember

during the first temple session. both the Hawaiian and Central Pacific TPhe organization of the Davis Stake

Missions. was accomplished October 20,

Executive Award Wins Scout Elders A. Albert and Widtsoe John University by Young the the of E. executive Brigham Bowen, Council of Scout L. Strong, "\7"ernon

Services Inaugural the taken Twelve, from from wards Peaks the y of Teton ( IdahoWyo- held ceremonies inaugural colorful stakes. and SusSouth Davis North A T of AmeriScouts Council, Boy ming) *"* tained of the as president 14, stake Utah, was at Provo, profesNovember highest the received ca, recently

sional award given in scouting. The Howard S. McDonald was installed as Leroy H. Duncan, with Alan Blood

award, a fellowship in the Scout execupresident of Brigham Young Univerand Orson R. Clark as counselors.

tives'growth program, is the second to sity. Dr. Edwin A. Lee, dean of the The stake, with a membership of

be received by a Scout executive of the school of education at the University 4169, is made up of the Kaysville First

Pacific northwest, and was given after of California at Los Angeles delivered and Second wards, formerly of the the completion of requirements includthe inaugural address, "The glory of North Davis Stake; and the North

ing the writing of a thesis on his asGod is intelligence."President J. ReuFarmington, Farmington, Centerville

signed subject: "Scouting's Effects on ben Clark. Jr., first counselor in the First and Second wards, which were a

Boys of the L.D.S. Church."First Presidency, delivered the official part of the South Davis Stake.

30 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The North Davis Stake retains the

Clearfield First and Second wards, PENSACOLA

Layton, East Layton, West Layton, BRANCH

Sunset, Syracuse, and West Point FIRESIDE wards, with a membership totaling GROUP 6169.

It became necessary to reorganize the South Davis Stake when those wards forming part of the Davis Stake, were taken, and President Wesley E.

Tingey was succeeded by Thomas

Ambey Briggs. Elijah B. Gregory and

James E. Burns were succeeded as

counselors by Ward C. Holbrook and

Horace P. Beesley, The South Davis

Stake has a membership of 5659, and fireside of in February a 1945 organized Mission, States Southern Branch, Pensacola of the First, SecMembers Bountiful the includesnow indicates year the of in same October taken photograph six. above of The initial membership with an group Bountiful, now together. group The Third, Southond, West meeting of opportunity this accepted people young the with which enthusiasm the

'air base. naval the hall recreation on in the held firesides are fifty. The of membership a boasts wards.Bountiful, Orchard and Edward G. Drummond, Brian, James son, T. and Casper Orson E. Walker, Robert right: left to row, Front

HickenSwenson, O. Ralph Schilling, Russ M. A. McCardell, Howard John Thorstrom, W. Leonard Heiner, A. K. PresidenciesStake P Carlie Belle Brackin, Hale, Nellie Glinda Odom, Hanson, Fuhriman, Gay Alta Haws, row: Jane Second sushas McEntire. been A. James H. Chamberlain McEntire, 0. Sarah Smith, Betty Stephens,Israel Bernice Thomas,

Taylor, Van Ruth M. Melba Casper, Ardell Chessher, Adeline P. Haws, Don Hanson, Alvin row: Third Charles C. President succeed tained to Enid Woodbury, Hale, Imogene Joseph Paulena, W. daughter, and Robinette Mrs. Howard Alstyne, and Mr. Stake. of the president Kanab asHeaton...,. Sorensen. McCardell, Ted. B.......Wilford Allen, Alstyne,., Wally.. Taylor, President Arvo Van A. ChamAllen succeeds Frost S. Benson,Daniel Helen Fuhriman, row: Fourth Dean

E.Webster. Lloyd McCardell, L. Harry Andersen, B. Vern Orin L. Woodbury, R. Gardner, first counselor, andberlain as Thomas S. courtesy U. Navy—Photograph as second Tietjen succeeds DavidEsplin M.

in the presidency.counselor

has been sustained as MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME OCTOBER 75 AND LEAVING OCTOBER 25, 1945 R. CooperHenry

the president of the Logan Stake succeeding President Charles V. Dunn. The

new counselors are A. George Raymond

and Daryl Chase, who succeeded Edward J.

Passey and Joseph H. Watkins.

Albert F. Anderson has been sustained

as the St. Johns Stake president, succeeding

President Levi S. tldall. Lawrence P. Sherwood and Bryant Whiting have been sustained as counselors, succeeding Edwin I.

Whiting and Ashley M. Hall.

New Wards Front row, left to right: Vivian Scoville, Louise Lee, Elaine Eckersley, Don B. Colton, director;

South Second Ward has been creMildredSecondB. Carmichael,row: Joyce SusannahL. Spackman,B. Mower,MyrleMauriceTolman,C.MerleBenson,Payne,Reva DelaineLucile Dunyon.Madsen, Mary Waddoups

Second Hadfield. of the Salt Lake William parts Juarez, from Rafael ated Bradford,. Zelila,.,, Busch,...Ward, Taylor Busch, Christian,:. Maryv. Judd, Reva M. Goddard, Alice Ruth row: Third L. with Stake, Abraham LibertyWard, Stam. Stam, Symon Georgia M. Stolnaker, Stolnaker, George bishop. as Stout Young Parrish, Georgana B. Parrish, Lorene M. Ezra Lydia Dowdle, McMullin, Hazel row: Fourth

formed has Jensen. been Alexander G. Marshall, Second Robert North Ward R. Tagg, Velma

Woolley G. Young, Donald D. Lorenzo Sanders, Dowdle, June Robert McMullin, H. row: Fifth Edward Salt Second Ward, of the Lake parts from

DeYoung. Palmer, Ruth Richard Barfuss, as Frederick Elggren Lewis with Stake, A. Liberty instructor; Miner, Lester Berrett, E. C. Jordan, William A. Tagg, Croft, Dale Don Gretta Sixth row:

bishop. Giles E. Vanderhoof, Marie Halvorsen.

Brigham City Seventh Ward of the

North Box Elder Stake has been created MISSIONARIES WHO ENTERED THE MISSIONARY HOME NOVEMBER 5 AND DEPARTED NOVEMBER 75, 7945 from a portion of the Brigham City Third

Ward, with Louis S. Wight as bishop.

Crestmoor Ward, Denver Stake, has been formed from parts of the Denver First

Ward, with Joseph C. Frost as bishop.

Arcade Ward, Sacramento Stake, has been created from portions of the Sutter

Ward, with Elmer C. Gardner as bishop.

University Park Ward, Portland Stake, has been organized from the St. Johns

Branch, with Ira G. Wakefield as bishop.

Blackfoot Third Ward has been created from parts of the Blackfoot First Ward, as Noack with David Stake, J. Blackfoot

Cutler, Don Ralph B. Cutler, Low, Virginia Clinton left Richard right: to Keith M. Stock, First row, bishop. B. Coles. Coles, H. Haderlie, director; Agnes Johanna B. Colton, organbeen has Haderlie, Fourth H. Luther Blackfoot Pearl Johnson, Ward Pauline Anderson, Helen Jean Niederhauser, Laura row: Second

Munsee. William H. Second the Blackfoot Wasden, Willis Reed parts of H. Muse, ized from

A. Charles Almen, Audra M. Von Almen, Emil Curtis, Ardella Von Keeler, B. M. Joseph row: Third S. with George Stake, BlackfootWard, Shreeve. L. K. Afton Ray, Olson, Delbert

E. bishop. as Hilton, HoraceBrower Day, Lynn M. Arthur M. Lunt, Elda Godfrey, Julia Godfrey, row: Fourth E. W.

Covert. Priel Thackeray, Mill Creek East Crest Ward, Rose The Elizabeth B. Turley, F. Turley, Lowell E. Grace King, Allen, Mrs. William Lillywhite Fifth row: Ida of parts 8, from created July Stake, was Vance. the A

J. Daniel N. R. Allen, Arthur with Hamblin, W. Brown, E. Dudley B. Hamblin, wards, Sixth row: Grandview King, May W. Mill and Creek East

Golden Haight sustained as bishop. KeithSeventhYoung, row:MarionMerlinI. Vance.L. Lybbert, Dorothy J. Wilson, Hilda Beth Jones, William E. Berrett, instructor;

The Evergreen Ward, East Mill Creek W. S. Huish.

Stake, was formed July 8, largely from a and Ward, Mill Creek of East portion A. Colman succeeds Samuel L. Morfrom Bishops, Presiding Elders drew Franthe Ward, Wilford gan. with W. a part of

cis Bailey as bishop. ilford Ward, Beaver Stake, Ira MitchFort Collins Branch, Denver Stake, Doil

Roskelley. succeeds Welling R. Smith Jorthe of East View Garden Ward The ell Fisher succeeds Carlyle F. Gron- A.

Stake, Inglewood Torrance Ward, part from created been has Stake dan of Mmng.

A.; succeeds D. Raymond Young Eugene Frank with First D. Ward, Midvale the

Griffiths as bishop. Englewood Ward, Denver Stake, AnLarsen. (Concluded on page 53)

JANUARY, 1946 31

marriage, the rise of gangsterism, hatred, race prejudice, totalitarianism.

Clearly, only the return to the belief that established Editorials the Christian world can insure its preservation now.

True, some may point with pride to the fact that the

Jumhol or romii/eneiS Unto yv/if Bibleeight islanguagestranslatedandanddialects;availableothersin onemaythousandstate thatsixtyin

1944, nineteen million Bibles were distributed by two

The wintry day descending to its close, great missionary establishments. Yet the fact remains,

Invites all wearied nature to repose, and cannot be gainsaid, that Christianity per se is not falling of night shades are dense And and lived. fast, being

curtains sable o'er the Like closing past

If it were, the Bible would not only be purchased thro'the fallen the Pale gloom newly snow

Wraps in a shroud the silent earth below, but also read, and its teachings applied. If Christianity

As tho''twere Mercy's hand had spread the pall. were actually functioning, parents would care for their

A symbol of forgiveness unto all. children better, would teach them correct principles

—Orson F. Whitney of life, would take them to Church with them where

'"Phe New Year has become a symbol of many things wordtogetherof God.they IfcouldChristianitylearn lovewereofbeingmankindlived, husbandand the—of the closing past, of settlement, of opportunity, and wife would cleave together, forgiving little

of resolution, of fresh beginnings, and of much else that idiosyncracies which all people have, loving each other gives new hope to men. But perhaps in nothing does the and building together a home where peace and comfort

New Year give greater comfort and blessing than as "a would abide and where courage could be renewed. If

symbol of forgiveness unto all."Christianity were accepted, there would be no crimiTo the truly repentant, the promise of forgiveness is nals, for crime is violently opposed, in its very nature,

the difference between despair and hope, between torto Christianity. If Christianity were believed, hatred

ment and peace, between miserable drifting and purand prejudice would be eliminated. Instances might be

poseful living. Without repentance, and the forgiveness multiplied to indicate how people today have neglected

which follows it, life could not continue to be sweet to make Christianity a living, working faith. And beand desirable to men..... cause it has not been made vital, presentday civilizaBut often when we think of those who have need of tion is losing its force. In fact, with situations as they

repentance and forgiveness, we think only of the more now exist, we may continue to deteriorate in much the grievous sins and sinners. We think of people apart same manner that previous civilizations have, after defrom ourselves; we think of the sinner who has nothing parture from their ideals, failed.

in common with us—and we pity him afar off. But all At this season of the year, the best resolution anyone

have need of repentance and forgiveness—all men, all could possibly make would be to practise the Christian

peoples, all nations. religion in every detail, and to the fullest degree. Even

Our sins may differ. In variety and degree they defy Latterday Saints who diligently strive to follow

enumeration. But to list only a few that suggest more: Christ's teachings will find ways in which they can

There is the sin of extravagance, of living beyond our improve. They can be a little kinder to their neighbors

means, of failure to perform work according to our and associates. They can go a little bit outof-theway

gifts and energies; of withholding labor that is needed. to help direct a wayward boy or girl in the right way of

There is the sin of selfishness, of gossip, of unkindness, living. They can make more time to read the standard

of compromising principles for personal gain. There is works of the Church in order to understand more

the sin of wasting time, of loose talk, of evilthinking, fully Christian ideals. They can go to Church themand evilspeaking, and of baseless accusation; of disselves and by force of example as well as word of

loyalty, of duplicity, of injustice. There is the sin of mouth encourage their friends to do likewise.

indecision, of procrastination, of repudiating obligaIf we about face, if we practise that which we know tions, of shunning responsibilities, of neglecting families. to be right, we have the knowledge that things will

There is the sin of false teaching, of smugness, of selfturn out all right, for Jesus said, "Peace I leave with righteousness, of arriving at conclusions without facts, you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth,

the sin of a closed mind. There are such sins by the give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither

let it be afraid."(John 14:27.) And again, "And many thousands-—extending far beyond the more obvious, the

more easily recognized sins. And also, as there are sins nations shall come, and say, Come, and let us go up

between individuals, there are sins between organizato the mountain of the Lord, and to the house of the tions and institutions, between nations and peoples. God of Jacob; and he will teach us of his ways, and

in will his for shall paths: the forth walk law we go call let us, ourus upon before reminders these With of Zion, the the of and Jerusalem. from word Lord busichildren, laborers, parents, individuals, selves—as

shall he judge people, among rebuke many And and face the nations, and statesmen, nessmen, peoples—to off; nations strong afar shall their they beat and swords resincerity honest of humility in and the Year New into their plowshares, into spears and pruninghooks it. of generation need world has Our pentance. Our

lift shall nation not nation, against a neither up sword it. is of symbol "a is for Year the sick want The New

... shall all learn they more. will any war people For is, all are unto unto forgiveness of who all"—that in his every the of walk one god, will name and we it to terms, these be repentant. on earnestly may And

in the of the for walk name our Lord ever and God all Year. us of a happy New ever."4:2-3, (Micah 5.)

But the prophecies presuppose that there will be first of all a willingness to learn the word of God, and that

J4 flew Ujear IKe&olwllion there will be in the second place a conversion so that "we will walk in the name of the Lord our God for

F civilization is to survive, the Christian world must ever and ever."

I return to religion. Indications that the nations have If we are to fulfil our destiny as Latterday Saints,

departed from Christianity are too numerous to list the New Year should be a time of rededication to completely. Some of the more obvious indications need the principles for which our progenitors suffered and

merely be cited to stimulate the mind to think of others died in the early part of our history. It is for us, their

the increase in juvenile delinquency, the breakdown of (Concluded on page 47)

32 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

a clue to understanding of the "Fall"is given, which may be the key to the apparent contradiction.

After supplied had been with a body made Adam Evidences and "from in the the dust of ground,"the garden and placed of Eden, instructions were given him:

I, the Lord God, commanded the man, saying: reconciliations "And Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat, But

of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt c. \A/a5 the rall rneullaole f notself, eatfor ofit isit,givennevertheless,unto thee;thoubut,mayestrememberchoosethat forI forbidthystory (For the of the "Fall"read Genesis, chapter 2; it,die."for(Mosesin the day3:1617.)thou eatest( Italicsthereofauthor's.thou shalt surely

3-5. chapters Moses,

Though a command had been given, Adam was per7V ccording to the plan of salvation, accepted by the mitted to exercise his free agency. "Thou mayest choose

"** hosts of heaven in the great preexistent council, for thyself."The eternal power of choice was respected

Adam and Eve were placed on earth to become the by the Lord himself. That throws a flood of light on the

parents of the human race. They could not, however, "Fall."It really converts the command into a warning,

perform this mission, unless they themselves became as much as if to say, if you do this thing, you will bring subject to mortality. Why, then, did the Lord command upon yourself a certain punishment; but do it if you

them not to partake of the tree of good and evil, the choose.

gateway to mortal life? There has seemed to be a conSuch was the problem before our first parents: to

tradiction between God's purpose as embodied in the remain forever at selfish ease in the Garden of Eden, plan of salvation, and this command to Adam and Eve. or to face unselfishly tribulation and death, in bringing

Perhaps a full explanation is not possible with our to pass the purposes of the Lord for a host of waiting present knowledge, yet modern revelation has shed light spirit children. They chose the latter.

upon the subject. This they did with open eyes and minds as to conseFirst, there is the certain knowledge that without quences. The memory of their former estate may have

the "Fall,"Adam and Eve would have remained in a been dimmed, but the gospel had been taught them durcondition in which children with earthly bodies, for ing their sojourn in the Garden of Eden. They could

whom the earth was made, could not have been benot have been left in complete ignorance of the purgotten by them. The plan of salvation would have pose of their creation. Brigham Young frankly said:

been defeated. "Adam was as conversant with his Father who placed

this earth as him are upon conversant with our we is Lehi. the of the prophet emphatic view His This

parents."earthly (Discourses, p. 104.) Prophet The fell other meaning. terse leaves statement no "Adam

taught that received Joseph "Adam commandments and (II be."that 2:25.) might Nephi men

instructions this from the God; order the from was "... of direct are the words Alma: if it had Equally beginning."(Teachings, 168.) p.

fruit for to the of possible have partaken been Adam choice that they raises The to made and Eve Adam life time, there at that tree have the been of would of all preeminence earth. among have come on who The miserable, forever. they death have been would no

life Lord's plan given them. was are indeed, by They state; reof plan the thus preparatory. and having no.

this is as far as earth concerned, our loving father and frustrated."12:23, been (Alma have would demption

mother. and the The "Fall"consequent act redeeming 26.)

glorious the most of Jesus become events in the history

Further evidence is supplied by Adam and Eve themof mankind.

selves. After their expulsion from Eden into the earth

above, in In the heavens the as earth below, law ". is, it exults:.. Blessed of be God, as the name Adam prevails. one the can escape consequences the of No are transgression for eyes of opened, because my my rejection acceptance or of law. effect are Cause and life flesh in this in the I shall again have joy, and and

eternally related. The Lord had warned and Adam jubilant: I shall almost seemed see God."Eve And

battle the of hard earth with Eve conditions if they "... it for transgression never should not our we Were to chose tree eat of the of the of knowledge good and seed, should good never have and and had have known

evil. not his subject would son to He daughter and life evil, eternal redemption, joy the of the our and and

which God giveth unto all the obedient."(Moses 5:10theirhardshipownandchoice.the deathTheyofmusttheirchoosebodies forunlessthemselves.it be of 11.)

chose They wisely, in accord with the heavenly law of

These were not the words of sinners or of repentant others. love for

sinners. people met spoken had This and by who was

life all In times. at choose must Sometimes, postwo imply, challenge, which, as they great with accepted a

sibilities is are neither evil. good; Usually, however, pleased. was God

is greater of one import other. than in the doubt, When that the "Fall"recognized President Taylor John each that must choose which the concerns of others good

in the for sulted whole Eve, and and good human Adam greater that than chiefly which bene- 're-—the law—rather increase; incapable of been family: have would They fits lesser law. greater The must be ourselves—the in relation designs the of that increase without and God lesser. against balanced the greater be must The chosen

earth not could the of the to have formation and man it thing. or whether be law the That choice was made for the object creation great one of accomplished; been in Eden.

species, the propagation of of the human world was the This is the of "Fall"view confirmed the scripby spirits those for prepared might that bodies be who "... tures. if example, For had not transgressed Adam

the existed, they earth who, already saw and when fallen, not he would have but he would have remained joy."for shouted Gospel Kingdom, formed, p. (The

... in the garden of forever Eden they would... And

96.) have had no children; wherefore they would have reIn the joy of Adam and Eve after the "Fall"lies hidmained in a state of innocence, having no joy, for they

den, perhaps, a principle which disputants about this knew no misery; doing no good, for they knew no sin."

subject have not understood, and which may not as yet (II Nephi 2:2223.)

be fully comprehended. However, in modern revelation, (Concluded on page 63)

JANUARY, 1946 33 ly, and who operated a printing shop in Pudding Lane, changed long since to Devonshire Street—we are indebted

for the printing of the old classics. The

story goes that Thomas Fleet had little patience with the nonsensical rhymes that his wife's mother sang to his child. owing They irritated him when he went home

for his lunch; they disturbed his evening

THE ORIGINAL AMERICAN behindwhen hethefeltfourthewallsneed ofof hisquietownandhome.rest

MOTHER GOOSE GooseHe consideredcroonedtheto verseshis childGrandmotheras simple and far too ridiculous for a child's ears,

By ALICE WHITSON NORTON and this statement he often repeated.

Nevertheless, Grandmother Goose continued to make up and sing the merFORchildrenmoreofthanAmericatwo andcenturiesthe worldthe rya smilejinglesto herwhichgrandchild'snever failedface,toasbringwell have been enjoying the rhymes as to any other child's face that hapfound in a volume of jingles labeled pened to hear one of them. Then one

Mother Goose. But even today the day, having been especially bored by

identity of the real author is unsettled. the silly jingles his own child was reFor a long time people said "Mother peating, the thought entered Thomas

Goose"was a nom de plume, maybe Fleet's brain that he might make a few even a myth. Nobody was ever known extra dollars by publishing a group of

by such a name. But byand-by somethe silly creations in a pamphlet.

it is generally today issue, and took one small of 1719, in a the year Thus real a was Goose that Mother conceded jingles, beof Goose Mother volume Boston of city in the lived who woman big, of illustration a cover page hind a up made and days, colonial in longago wideopen with a goose softfeathered Little Lamb,"jingles of "Mary's the its appearneck, long a made and mouth all and Son,"Piper's the "Tom, Tom LOCKINGE, OF was volume the MARTIN market. CATHERINE The SARAH on ance chilwhich verses delightful 17681826, other the AUTHOR BERKSHIRE, ENGLAND, sell at coppers to each—two marked HUBBARD""OLD OF MOTHER LIMNER her AND of benefit own the for love, dren it 1804 imsurprise great the man's to and grandson. small the bookfavor found among mediately

city of the office registrar's In the side they house, appearof the the the from colonists, and of on Goose minded of the maris memorandum a Boston generapresent to the right first edition, have come down the down of ance Elizabeth and Fleet of Thomas riage jingles little tion. these years, the through Reverend the by performed Goose, father Fleet, of distasteful, the Baby so thought Fleet Thomas To Mr. which It 1715. 8, was June Mather, Cotton seller. burdened, man, busy very steady to a be continued have Fleet—a believe couple, this many child of the responsibilities of the probably by this is, to there even say, to Strange the first rhymes heard that today, rearing fami- a maintaining a and home true the concerning doubt day, some familiar to become destined were which slab author. real a the of identity On were just as they children. all And to HUBMOTHER "OLD THE BOOK PAGES FROM in the Granary ancient grave an above ORIGINAL BARD,"grandmother the Fleet by to Baby sung

- y%, // >iT j $,:y

'''V: y * <<"? s y

h S$k

v CS s<**iC S-. **&& i(fetWTmfeWn 111 m jj lifting

y* 'y* * *$ /7&t /*'"y W'*y

Coofe Corner UJ$C10US

B. Nichols Josephine

for getting along with less '%&*&***T0 TH/SpASY ways*"''sugar. >.>"'"—>—.. xee/pe/

1. Do not cook dried fruits withadded sugar; they already have plenty 0urk Take a tip from Margie! Use delicious,

of fruit sugar. TROCO smoothly blended Durkee's Troco Margarbetter cereals 2. Breakfast have a

OLEOMARMRINi ine.churnsIt's themadepure,by annutritiousimprovedvegetableprocess thatIsflavor sugar of if only a small amount

in pasteurized fresh the with skim right milkis added.

. is every.. and enriched with 9,000 pound fruit 3. desserts. Serve more Vitamin of units A. ADDS SKIMPASTEURIZED icings. 4. sugarless topping and Use TO ITS GOODNESS SPREADKRY COOKBAKE* 5. substitutes as sugar corn such Use

syrup, honey, molasses, and maple sugar.

The general rules for using sugar submarmalade Biscuit Recipe stitutes are: 2 cups sifted enriched flour i

In cakes and drop cookies: For one 3 teaspoons baking powder >—mix and sift.

cup granulated sugar, use onehalf cup Vi teaspoon salt J syrup, honey, or molasses, and onehalf K cup Durkee's Troco Margarine—cut in with fork, until well mixed.

cup granulated sugar. % cup milk (about)—quickly stir in enough to make a soft but not sticky dough.

Reduce liquid by two tablespoons. Vi cup orange marmalade—see below.*

Add syrup to creamed shortening and sugar mixture. Turn out onto a lightly floured board; knead for 30 seconds. Roll dough 34inch

Baking temperature remains the thick; cut into rounds with a ljinch biscuit cutter.

same. *Put a teaspoonful of marmalade on half of the rounds; cover with the remaining

When honey or molasses is used, add rounds; press edges together with a fork.

onehalf teaspoon of soda for every onehalf cup used, in addition to the Bake in a very hot oven (450) for 12 to 15 minutes.

regular leavening in the recipe. Sift it Serve piping hot with Durkee's Troco Margarine. Makes about 12 biscuits.

with flour mixture. These substitutes

have a tendency greased.be well to stick, so pans should $OM/lD..$0 SWf..$0 COUAfrXY'FKStfWFIAVOR

Spicy Cake Yi cup fat 1 cup sugar minus two tablespoons 'A teaspoon Mapleine flavoring 2 eggs 2 cups cake flour 2 teaspoons baking powder Yt teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon cinnamon Yi% cupteaspoonmilk cloves Sift flour, measure; add baking powder,

salt, and spices. Cream fat. Add sugar,

cream until light and fluffy. Add eggs one

at a time, beating well after each addition.

Add flour and milk alternately. Add flavoring. Pour batter into wellgreased eightinch

layer pans. Bake in moderate oven (375

F.) for twenty to twentyfive minutes.

Ice with Maple Sea Foam Frosting and sprinkle with chopped walnut meats.

(Concluded on page 37)

The Original American Mother Goose Burying Grounds of the city of Boston, where sleep Paul Revere, John Hancock, and Samuel Adams, is this inscription: Put Color, Charm and Comfort

Mary Goose—said to be Mother in Goose, Your Home

of of beautiful patterns Bennett's Wallpapers the many Composer of Faint. color Bennett's appropriate matching of the Nursery Rhymes... withandonean

the is ever or not honor And whether the establishedrightfully to world, we Ifeffectiveyou wantpatternssuggestionsand color,for consult the Bennett Studio of BENNETT'S to hatsdoff the of our Mother memory 65 West

Decoration. ZCMI FirstPaintSouthDept. and the joy for she has given throughGoose

her jingles to children the world over.

JANUARY, 1946.,! 35

.

$asf tomato/ Basrfoeat/ eros from lieCamps WNNEICUSMRDS Private First Class Johnny Tsukano Germany

CK * easily captured individual honors in the Dear Editors:

Tourelles in Paris, stadium France, winby I this theater I * that thought soon would mm recent E.T.O. swimming tournament held at "pOR several weeks after the war ended in ning the breaststroke, meter 400 50 meter see but you, our group three of one was

free style, the free and style races. 100 meter fighter in groups the 8th Air to Force

is the of Tsukano L.D.S. a member Church assigned to the air occupational These EGGLESS here force

Territory and Maui, Wailuku, his home is in to in Germany, and our moved base we new CUSTARDS NONCOOKED of Hawaii. about ago. two weeks are stanow We * * *SI be tioned six miles southeast of Munich. hit You make a

Peleliu, Palau are probably quite familiar this with section with everyone Dear Brother Widtsoe: and know how beautiful it is. Munich itself

received your letter yesterday with is practically all ruins with very few buildleft ings It is WE undamaged. to. easy see the concerning questions to our answer Small her Susan—and dad—may

it that was once beautiful a very city. 132, section the Doctrine Covenants, and balk at drinking love milk they But About before two weeks this over like we to to moved take should and

it delieat into to these when made here an Elder from Spokane, it. Lowe gratitude Washfor very were express our Weopportunity cious rennetcustards in ington, the Rich started had in L.D.S. services time that should think take to you happy

they Munich are and attracting of protective food values Morall many quesour to us, to write and to answer milk—and

fellows. first I mon The attended Sunday tions. rennet the makes enzyme them more

there there. seventynine were Last Sunafter the invasion possible as soon As itself. digestible readily milk than Flint, Elder day our Leon L.D.S. chaplain, this L. island, small group a D. S. of was

"Junket'"Rennet Powder—At grocers. Alorganized and started holding regular meetwas in attendance so you will no doubt

ready sweetened. Six favorite flavors. ings each Sunday evening. At first it was get a complete report from him. It is truly

Vanilla Chocolate Lemon in a tent with only a few present; however, a thrill to be able to attend such meetings

I Orange Raspberry Maple regularly again. hope can contact we in island chapel beautiful a have now we

the of this some in Saints in German area averages attendance to our meet, and which "Junket"Rennet Tablets the future. near thrills the big for of One twentyfive group sweetened. each week. sugar, about Our Add—Not

to of meet was me two flavor missionary taste. to 12 comrennet my sacrament leader, Spear, shaped Brother a

in tablets package; each tabpanions first the from northwest the Sunday shell cartridges. set for from The empty us let or 4 5 rennetmakes there. off custard desserts or shells.40 more than cut are individual cups

is It quite ice pint a of a that cream. coincidence groAt to up now in then, beautifully set carved polished, and cers druggists. and the meetings in have held been of a room for plates trays. bread were The wooden

the building that has the as become famous cases. shell larger have of out pounded We // hall beer rise his from Hitler which began set of beautiful which adequate and a we

to Beginning power. next are Sunday we proud. are very

in meeting FREE* of a will a room museum which all tried missionaries to be by have We give - us room. more much planning Menu the explaining gospel when and example by

for helps mothers'don't long will be know how we We is result had possible. always have we The - Duty "Double it here, over but interesting exbe an may attending friends meetour and of RecMenus a number

perience. I others, Like many anxious am trial ipes"; also ings.

of package "Junkto get settle married and be home and is one under which environment The et"Rennet Tabdown. has Lord to very The been good is usually forces live in the lets. to armed forced

I though, the protection and enme have favorable, can meet too not so when we COUPON SEND borders the joyed miraculous. on the in of partake worship and a once week

I picture the of in plane the saw Era. my other bearing with meet sacrament and men 'Junket'Folks,""The the much. very Thanks conLord May it is blessing the priesthood, wonderful Chr. Inc., a Hansen's Laboratory, 71. Dept. tinue bless to you. Little Falls, N. Y. (In Canada, Toronto. in association us. these to have The we Sincerely, Ont.)

is gatherings and something worth much we Please send "DoubleDuty and Menus Roland Wright all to during forward look and remember trial Recipes"free and package "Junket"

Rennet Tablets. the week. It is the high light of the whole

(Just paste this coupon on postcard week.

and add your name and address.) While being in the service I have certainly learned to appreciate my religion and my TIME

testimony has been greatly strengthened. It By Lucretia Penny

is mission. like a second r you again Thank for your kind letter and WHETHER it's standard /hUHn )fUke your trouble. Or whether it's war,

Sincerely your brother, There's never enough

Grant R. Lamb For what it's for.

in "Brigham 1873 Young of Utah is safer wrote: place PHILIPPINE ISLANDS MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION GROUP "There no

to be found in the United States where prosperity of every kind is less taxed and better protected all reports to the contrary notwithstanding!"He was a great

leader.

ShHi

For their activity program, the M.I.A. group of Calicoan, Philippine Islands, organized a Mormon

chorus. When they had learned some hymns they requested their chaplain to let them sing at the Protestant

METAL MINING INDUSTRY churchlearned services.that they Dubiousdesired theat firstpleasureas toderivedtheir fromintentionssinginghe praisesinquiredto whythe Lordthey hewishedreadilyto gavesing. hisWhenpermishe

OF UTAH sion. Since then they have had many requests to sing and the Mormon hymns—Reportedhave alwaysby RexbeenD. wellTerry,received.SC2/c

36 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Cook's Corner ( Concluded {com page 35 Cornstarch Pudding 1 egg 5 tablespoons cornstarch teaspoon 38 salt }'lmefer/lr/me*/ 33 cup honey 3 milk cups

1 vanilla extract 7RYTMSteaspoon fruit welldrained diced mixed x/2 CUP into or water milk Pancake Globe "Al"boiler. of Beat in top double egg

Flour. Waffle the griddle, Add Stirand Pour on and

stir salt, until cornstarch, honey; and

'n a you'll quicker wink sing out, "Come stir until blended. Gradually milk add and

smooth. Cook over boiling water until and get 'em!'

thickened, stirring occasionally. Add flavoring. Cool. Fold in fruit. Pour into serving

dishes; chill until firm. Serve with whipped

cream.

Date Pudding GeriwS"134 cup flour 34 teaspoon baking powder % cup boiling water 1 cup coarsely cut dates 1 teaspoon soda shortening tablespoons 3

1 cup corn syrup out for more, more, more.

1 egg 1 cup coarsely chopped walnut meats

Sift flour, measure; add baking powder.

Pour boiling water over dates and soda.

Cream shortening; gradually add corn syrup, mixing until well blended. Add egg and

beat well. Add nuts and stir until mixed.

Add flour mixture, dates, and water alternately, mixing well after each addition.

Pour into wellgreased square cake pan and bake in slow oven (325 F.) for fortyfive

minutes. Serve hot with your favorite dessert sauce or whipped cream.

Apple Pie

%6 cupto 8 whitemediumsizedcorn syrupcooking apples 1 tablespoon flour Yi teaspoon nutmeg 1 teaspoon cinnamon pastry 2 tablespoons butter Wash apples, peel and core; cut into oneeighth inch thick slices. Combine apples,

syrup, flour, and spices. Line nineinch pie

pan with pastry rolled to nearly one fourth inch thickness. Trim off edges. Moisten;

place fruit mixture in pastry; dot with butter. Roll pastry for top crust thinner than

lower crust. Cut design in top to allow

steam to escape. Place on pie; trim edges,

allowing onehalf inch of pastry to extend over sides. Tuck edge of top crust under

lower crust; pinch together with fingers.

Flute side. Bake in hot oven (450 F.) for

twenty minutes; reduce temperature to

moderate oven (350 F.) and continue baking forty minutes longer or until apples are

tender.

Cherry TopsyTurvy Cake

2 cups sweetened cherries Y1 tablespooncup shorteningcornstarch

Y1 eggcup sugar Yl cup allbran 1 teaspoon grated orange peel 1% cups flour Yl teaspoon salt 2 teaspoons baking powder % cup milk Thicken cherries with cornstarch. Pour

into greased eightinch square pan. Cream

shortening and sugar. Add beaten egg,

bran, and orange peel. Sift flour, salt, and

baking powder. Add to bran mixture, alternately with milk. Pour over fruit. Bake

forty minutes at 375 F. Serve with cream.

JANUARY, 1946 37 EAST v VYlsLbJkOfpitL.—.

MIDVALE WARD BEES""Golden Bees"Honored 'GOLDEN

HPhe "Golden Bees"held their annual reunion in August at the home of

Mabel G. Asplund. This group holds

the distinction of being the first three swarms from the East Midvale Ward,

East Jordan Stake. The three swarm

leaders and twelve members were

First row, left to right: Violette Sharp Cutler, Daisy Milne Heughly, Margaret Forbush Bishop, present.

Luetta Milne King.

Second row: Eunice Greenwood Jensen, Mable Gustaveson Asplund, Beekeeper Mrs. Golda Soffe, The East Midvale Ward M.I.A. was

Olive Swenson Sharp. organized in 1920 with Sister Bessie

Simper Beatrice Beckstead, row: Leona.Thayne Back Greer, Mirla Greenwood Thayne, Blanche Burgon as president of the Y.W.M.I.A. Millerburg, Evans. Melva Barrett Lula Jacobson Rosenhan, Glover

Her counselors were Sisters Laura M.

Tripp and Golda Soffe.

Through the untiring efforts of Sister

Soffe, in charge, the Bee Hive group has continued a pleasant association by holding an annual reunion. Last year

an organization was effected and in

The photographs of honor of their faithful leader and friend

< f/ie Scouts and Bees."they chose "Golden the name of TS&m-.Wmxv* m 7s ft sJ %? f, 1 -

girls Beehive were the activities interesting of Two at the taken evening session of group are the making of a scrap quarterly conference, book which will include a history of the first conference the group since its first organization as held by the well as a personal history of each of newly organized the girls, and the exchanging of handElder North Box girl gifts. the year each Through Stake. made

Lillian Felt Sister gift, the some useful handmade makes is Beehive the stake director and material not costing more than $1.00

Wm. H. Barnard and at the reunion they are exchanged.

the Scout commissioner in charge of the Report from Medford, Oregon program. m Other interesting Medford, Oregon, reports that:

high lights were the The Y.W.M.I.A. planned a

Gold Green and Ball Thanksgiving day dinner in the chapel 14. April held

for a few families that were to spend by moved the day who had—Reported alone—people

Annie R. Tingey,* the here and from their families away

Stake Era director day would be a lonesome one for them.

The movement grew like a snowball started down hill. At the final count

- s around the festive board were seventyone guests. A good oldfashioned dinner like grandma used to cook was

served at one o'clock. Between courses

a planned program was given. Community singing and games occupied the

LANAKILA M.I.A. CLOSES COLORFUL SUMMER PROGRAM rest of the afternoon. After a six

o'clock snack, everyone departed, expressing their gratitude for a day of pleasure.—Reported by Nellie B. Robinson.

PROMENADE

By Jack Gotmley

heels clicking street, TJTigh the down its impressive very T.H., Association, ended summer Honolulu, Mutual Lanakila Improvement The * Silk feet, swishing her about gown 9 p.m. * 6:30 to from 25, International at the August Institute room, Y.W.C.A., on with a dance program

The summer program consisted of social dances, athletic games, group singing, picnics, and open Hat atilt on her golden curls, problems. social of various present day for the discussions forums Brooches, earrings, and strings of pearls,

the officers program conducted were Frank Chow, dance director; Romusummer who and leaders The

aldo S. Manuel, drama director and ward editor; Maybella Naumu, Gleaner president; William Lelepali,

M.I.A. first counselor, M.I. A.; Hookano, and Martha counselor, Young Women's Men's Young second

Sing, Victoria Look, to right: Kekuaokalani, Clara Hookano, Long white gloves, and a parasol, Martha row, left Front Mock Elisa Ah

Mary Lindsey, Mildred Towle, guest speaker. Under one arm her favorite doll.

Kalilimoku, Kekaula, K. Lindsey, Cecelia Mokihana Hannah row: Naumu, Lewis Back Emma Kinolau, She is a lady, half past three,

Elfreida William Frank Lei Kauane, Maybella Benjamin Chow, Chow, Naumu, Look, Naumu, David Ah

Lelepali, Romualdo S. Manuel, William Kameenui, Francis Karratti. Dressed in her mother's finery.

38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lianA/Hmts Payment for Handy Hints used will be one dollar upon publication. In the event

that two with the same idea are submitted, the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration.

A Handy Hint from a NineYear-Old:

I was helping my mother thread the curtains on the rods. I ran a dinner knife

through the hem and moved it up and down.

When I took it out the curtain rod slipped through easily. E. S., Adrian, Oregon.

For rough and dry hands rub goose grease from the holiday dinner into your hands and cover with heavy gloves. Don a heavy,

dark apron—blue denim is effective—with

two large pockets, or three pockets, across the bottom of the apron, gather dust cloth, damp, cloth, and polishing cloth, and clean the house. One pocket may be used for misplaced articles. By the time you finish with

the house and wash your hands, your hands will be soft and smooth. R. H. M., PalmyThis attractive, entirely new recipe

ra, New York. book brings you 56 fine recipes that

A paint brush that has become hard with add new interest to meal planning.

it in soaking cleaned be bypaint, can hot And it's yours for the asking absoit with afterwards washingvinegar, and by soap and water. B. W. H Los Angeles, lutely free!

California. You'll find appetizing menus, too,

A neat way to slice eggs without crumthat will give your family zestful, bling them is to use a knife which has been dipped in boiling water and wiped dry, rewell-balanced meals with proteinpeat when knife gets cool.—Miss M. F rich, flavorful Loma Linda Foods.

Wichita, Kansas.

Save your old rubber sheet and use it inSend for your free copy today!

stead of rubber pants for your baby. Cut

it into pieces the size you fold your baby's diaper and insert it in the outside fold, leavLoma Linda Food Company, Dept, I ing two folds of diaper next to the baby's Arlington, California skin and one fold on the outside of the rubPlease send me your beautifully illustrated 20 page ber sheet. It can be used day and night with book of sparkling new recipes absolutely free.

inserted be irritation to the and can babyno put on. Name. to beinto it is ready as each diaper

—Mrs. H. E. C, San Antonio, Texas. Address

ARLINGTON firoSS C ft L I f O R N I A City Zone Slate

The Case for Tears By Ova Pate Stewart THE ADVERTISERS AND WHERE YOU WILL FIND

HTears are the salty tributes of the THEIR MESSAGES "* heart. They flow from the clear AllisChalmers 61 L. D. S. Business College 55

springs of the soul. There are tears for Beneficial Life Insurance Company.... Loma Linda Food Company 39

certain kinds of joy, of gratitude, for back cover Metal Mining Industry 36 sorrow, and compassion. The face that Bennett Glass & Paint Company 35 Morning Milk Company 58

knows not tears is like a barren woman, Bookcraft 9 Mountain Fuel Supply Company

University 4 Brigham Young anguish the joy or neverhaving known

California Ficgo Company 56 Overland Greyhound Lines it is like inside front cover—62 of a span love;of a selfless

desert where no oasis offers refreshContinental Oil Companyinside back cover ParPuritySoapBiscuitCompanyCompany 551 ment. Daynes Music Company 4 Robison Machinery Company 57

The face too near to tears is apt to Deseret Book Company 7 Roman Meal Company 40 be a damp swamp to the mind, where Deseret News Press 6 Royal Baking Company 55 patterns warp, and purpose molds in Durkee's Mayonnaise 40 Salt Lake Tribune 63 the mildew of selfpity. Durkee's Dressing 62 Sego Milk Company 1

The case for tears is not for swamp Durkee'sFels & CompanyTroco 3510 HotelStandardTempleof CaliforniaSquare 565 nor desert. It is for moistened clay, Glade Candy Company 59 Utah Engraving Company 59

that the Potter of Life may mold acGlobe Mills 37 Utah Home Fire Insurance Company..41

cording to his mood the likeness of Hall's Canker Remedy 59 Hotel Utah 8

Refining Oil Hillam's Costume Shop 58 Utah Company 41 find, inhimself human stuff. We

Pacific Railroad 3 36 Junket Western joy, the charity, and love,amidst the that "Jesus wept."

JANUARY,'1946 39 THE MIRACLE OF THE PIEDRAS VERDES (Continued from page 29) In addition to Anahuac, the names of did well, and the wild grass on the hillToltec, Aztec, Diaz, and Mariscal sides provided ample forage for their were suggested and adopted for the principal streets bounding the public GMim cattle. A thriving store was operated

by Ernest L. Taylor and George W. square and park.

Sevey. The population of the colony Immediately after the dedication,

/rtTtf nowThennumberedcame theaboutstunningthirty families.news that belongingsSextus Johnsonto themovednew histownsite,family andfoltheir townsite was located two miles lowed shortly by the other settlers.

below the northern boundary of the The construction of a tithing office was

San Diego Ranch and not on the lands begun, to be used for religious purwhich they had purchased. The legal poses, socials, and other gatherings. By

owner stubbornly refused to sell or May, the canal was sufficiently comtrade, although he was offered twice pleted so that water could be brought 7MrMA&'r as much land in exchange. There was to the new townsite.

nothing left, therefore, but to pull up The same month, Erastus Snow and stakes, abandon their improvements, Helaman Pratt arrived from Mexico and move two miles north to the land City with a company of native conDURKEE'S Mayonnaise makes to which they held title. verts, who had been furnished free

transportation governthe Mexican by tastier salads, dressings...better F. 3, Alexander MacNovember On these assigned ment. to Lands weregives the survey to to new goodness new everydonald commenced families, of eventually but most them Miles and townsite. Sevey George W. it with...thing use because you to returned discouraged and became

line for a the located P. Romney new theirit's former homes. genuine mayonnaise, made river. the side of northeast the canal on

with fresh eggs. This ditch was three miles long and On June 5, 1887, the Juarez Ward

was completed within a few months. was organized with George W. Sevey

as bishop and Miles P. Romney and

On New Year's day, 1 887, a party of Ernest L. Taylor as counselors.

in their and settlers wagons drove up of Construction a road Diego San up townsite. the dedicate carriages to new to Corrales underBasin was Canyon the brightly, day and shone sun The the to resources timber taken open

that outdoor sufficiently an warm was their the Sierra of supply and Madres Services unpleasant. not was sawmill.'WJRKEES ONE OF meeting

DURKEE'S commenced at 11:00 a.m., with Elder

the of Council the of Erastus Snow, the Piedras up Verdes "Collowing FAMOUS Elder conducting. Moses Twelve, the of old townsite from Colonia FOODS offered praydedicatory the Thatcher picturesque valto the the new, Juarez

that every er. the Lord He petitioned VatttMt* ft* miles ley of narrows a from width two

feeling from might be banished hard a fourths three to approximately of eloSaints. In simple of the minds rise Hills mile. side abruptly each on

he continued: Since iss* thequence feet height of to a hundred above two

the valley. the floor the of Through liberty. give for the Lord thank We We

the of channel the Piedras winds this Juarez. of a center the it be name town May

place of liberty for the Saints. As the Verdes, whose banks even in 1887

Nephites were destroyed for desecrating were lined with cottonwood trees tothis land, may we, O Lord, be willing to gether with a sprinkling of walnut, obey thy laws. O Lord, bless the land, the sycamore, blackwillow, and ash, formthe gospel elements. the water, May go ing one

this of Israel. of the7 chief natural attractions forth to place the house

valley. of the strive to ourselves to do pledge... Wefrom

thy will ever more. Increase the water, The soil, however, was coarse and

we pray thee, and the principal street shall gravelly and somewhat inferior for be known by the name of Anahuac* field crops to that lower down. Some

In the afternoon Elder Snow two hundred fifty acres were placed preached. He drew a parallel between under cultivation during the summer of

the move now forced upon the Saints 1887, while on the west side of the and the betrayal and flight of Benito river an estimated five hundred acres of arable land awaited in the Napoleon's dark days ofFEEL Juarez canal. an additional in stated that of intervention Mexico. HeGOOD if in the wisdom of God, the Saints The summer heat andonly8 drouththe buildingcome AUDAY should eventually be permitted to reearly in northern Mexico, and June

Serve possess their lands as President Juarez 1887 was no exception. With the

to his capital, to return permitted was at least rainy season and a month away START M ROMAN they should freely acknowledge rights the the of the ranch water Diego San BREAKfAST MEAL hand of God. Continuing: below to be respected, the receding

Porridge I feel to bless the land and waters in the Piedras Verdes was pitifully small.

name of Jesus Christ; that the water may Then came the answer to the prayers

be pure and healthy, and the land yield in of the faithful. Writing from Colonia

abundance. If any should come here who Juarez under date of August 26, 1887,

do not want to serve God, I hope they will a correspondent who signed himself not remain here long.5

Hdzm.

Jenson, *Andrew "Wards of the Juarez Stake,""The

City Ms., Salt Lake 1887, Vol. DeseretXXXVI,News,No.Salt36,Lakep. 574City, September 21.

"Idem.

"Amram,"penned the following vivid word picture All at once, about 3 o'clock in the aftertremble. the earth and began tonoon, quake fro. Keep your car on the job to and to huts began swayOur old

Women and children ran out of them withblanched faces, many of them exclaiming, with "It is an earthquake! It is an earthquake,"

and immediately all eyes were turned toward the Sierra Madres, the entire length of which for thirty miles seemed to be swaying backwards and forwards, and from their precipices could be seen falling huge masses of rock, causing an immense dust to rise a mile high in the air.

This dust was immediately followed by smoke, and in a short time fires could be seen along the entire range in places as far as eye could penetrate. These fires we think

were caused by the friction of the falling rocks, and at night they presented a truly grand sight, and some of them continued to burn for weeks.

Now, strange to say, the following day the water in the Piedras Verdes River, which was getting low, began to rise until it was increased one third in volume and has continued so ever since, and we all felt thankful for the shaking and are willing to stand another (even though it does produce a queer sensation) if its effects willprove as beneficial to us; for by that provVICO MOTOR OIL

abundance an had eventidential we have the Mexican 100% PARAFFIN OIL crops and for ourof water will feel that uspopulation below we not Triple treated to assure maximum also they as have to them, of any injurybe of water.plenty... We give God the protection to your weary car. It reincrease.* thepraise for

Thus was the prayer of Elder Moses duces carbon, removes wax and reThatcher at the dedication of the new

Colonia Juarez, less than six months duces sludge.

before, so dramatically answered.

9Idem. The correspondent does not give the exact Drive in to your neighborhood Vicodate of the disturbance, merely remarking: "The

earthquake that visited this country in June last was Pep 88 service man for specialized quite an event."

lubrication with highest quality Vico

TIME Motor Oil and lubricants.

By Beatrice Mathews Sparks

nimbly took the winding stairs

I And slammed the office door, father askedMy me what my age, UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY twentyfour; I answered,

fondly upon meHe smiled his with fumbled pen STATIONS AND DEALERSAnd

Said he: "How much I'd love to be

Just twentyfour again."

In twenty years I walked the stairsAnd leaned against the door, ssrss5*

My father asked me what my age,

I groaned: "I'm fortyfour!"

He smiled upon me fondly And fumbled with his pen Said he: "How much I'd love to be

BURNS...Just fortyfour again."WHEN YOUR HOME

There's a certain amount of comfort to know that should fire destroy your home tonight you are covered by Fire Insurance.

Such insurance will indemnify you for the loss incurred and allow you to rebuild your home without financial hardship.

It's worth a good deal to have this protection in these times. See

our agent in your town.

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents

22 South Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

JANUARY, 1946 eviciei eMefcdyeieft amid Lladd JrndtrucL

A SPECIAL effort should now be made to ** conclude your present course of study the begin year with and to new the new rfevu Ujear'5 Ljreetina!

study, of course the Jhank Lyon!—and a Gospel Through The

Ages, by Dr. Milton R. Hunter of the First

Council of the Seventy. This new course of Tn extending our kind wishes for a Happy New Year to all officers and

study has been prepared under the direction members of the priesthood, we look back upon 1945 with a feeling of of the general priesthood committee of the deep appreciation for the loyalty and devotion of our brethren. Through

Council of the Twelve and is intended for your fine efforts, the close of the year finds the work of the Lord in the study by all quorums of the Melchizedek priesthood quorums in a healthy and growing condition.

Priesthood for 1946.

that Sometimes, in the rush assume you who we of things, those of contains fortyone book—which the responsibility in the stakes and quorums how know of presiding intended to provide a oneyear carry chapters—isThe

course of study. It presents the history of we feel toward you, and thoughtlessly we are apt to devote these pages to

the gospel of Jesus Christ from the time Faproblems, reports, and instructions, rather than to expressing the appreciafirst his ther revelations received from Adam tion that encouragedevotion you your and we to know feel. We want

including our dispensato and God, down that is blessing is appreciated, ment the is apparent efforts. and it Lord your

tion, relationship the explains the of and true gospel of Jesus Christ to similar teachWe are grateful for the kind way you have received the recently ings which exist in paganism and world announced plan for supervision of the Melchizedek Priesthood, and we are religions. confident that as the suggestions this plan contains are carefully followed,

Teacher Outline and Helps further growth and blessings will come to the priesthood of the Church.

to so, say Year"want "Happy you to as we pause we And New in plainly topics given are the book The it, sincerely that wish our it is our Heavenly and mean we it is in text of chapter the and sugknow.. that. each

gested that each teacher follow the textFather's choicest blessings may attend you through the coming year, and book and discuss the various topics given. that 1946 may bring to you even more and greater happiness as you strive

At the end of each chapter will be found to serve him and your fellow men.

readings, suggested supplementarya list of selected because The General Priesthood Committee have been carefullywhich of their bearing on the subjects under disof the Council of the Twelve cussion. Teachers can materially enrich

their store of information each week by studying as many of the supplementary readings as time will permit. If, in addition, South Temple Street, Salt Lake City 10, done by mail, by telephone, or by sending

each member of the priesthood group will Utah, and at the Bookcraft Company, 18 out questionnaires. It is intended that each

read from the supplementary list as opporRichards Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah. member of the presidency take the respontunity will permit, the class as well as the The special price to priesthood quorums is sibility of visiting a portion of the memberindividual will be enlightened. $1.30 a copy. Presidents are urged to enship; that he go alone and interview his

Each book contains a section on "Probcourage the purchase of this book by quobrother "manto-man"—not in the presence

lems and Activities"for the guidance of rum members for study in priesthood classes. of wife or family, but in a manner that will

class instructors. These will be found to be permit the quorum member to open his heart

of great help, and will obviate the necesAnnual Visits and talk freely of his love of the gospel, his his testimony, family problems, lessonsity of printing etc. Care Church helps in The that indicate receiving Letters we are exercised should to avoid be Era Improvement any embarrassand TheNews intertheir personal have quorums each many to the member. mentmonth. report in with the annual connection views

officers confiare the to keep Available Quorum Books all Now to desire quoencourage completed. We

their fellow of dence they and members their presidents to complete annual rum is the pubGospel Ages Through The is this fact that should not the overlook a rethat in order at annual once your It is well visits type. in large readablelished and confidential interview. information obThe delayed. ports not be is available attractive and and nowbound is tained trust leaders a sacred which worthy visit holds such wonderful annual The East Deseret 44at the Book Company, will violate. not for blessings for the opportunities member

of the presidency making the visit and for This visit is intended to be a blessing for the individual visited. visited and visitor, and it is the testimony

Notice to All Stake Presidents oflastmanyyearofinourthisbrethrenconnectionthat constitutedthe visits madethe

Chairmen and soulsatisfying experiences they have

Priesthood Melchizedek of Stake IA &5eLna Jnepnerddepi mosthad, of in a feeling and have resulted

Committees sometimes sing "Make us thy true brotherhood and cooperation not before enWeunder-shepherds,"as in song we tell joyed.

Sufficient copies of the instrucof the love of the Shepherd for his sheep. Brethren, make the most of this opportions (letter number P-13, which The Lord has placed shepherds over each tunity. If you have failed to complete these

was published in the December Imquorum of the Melchizedek Priesthood, visits, try to do so now, these first days of provement Era) concerning superwhose responsibility it is, as "undershep- January. Try to become acquainted. The

vision of Melchizedek Priesthood herds"to guard, protect, and care for the purpose of your going is not just to fill out quorums have now been sent to every flock. a report or form. This is a splendid opporstake president, for each quorum Once each year the presidency is asked to tunity to become better acquainted with

president and Melchizedek Priestgive a personal check up on each quorum quorum members, to encourage them, and to hood committee chairman. member and to give an accounting of their make them feel the warmth and strength

It is desired that each time a new stewardship. of priesthood brotherhood. Go out with a

quorum presidency is set apart, a This is not a mere routine. It cannot be prayer and a blessing in your heart and you

copy of this material be given them in order that our brethren may not be uninstructed concerning their duties REMEMBER: Both annual and final quarter reports are due to be in the

and responsibilities and proper procedure in presiding over the quorums hands of the stake Melchizedek Priesthood committee on January 7 and of the Melchizedek Priesthood. summaries are to be sent to the general priesthood committee by January 15.

42 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. MerrillHPriestWCONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE The Curse of Liquor

B. CALLIS, A. FIELDING HAROLD SMITH, CHARLES CHAIRMAN; JOSEPH TWELVE—

drinketh wine as any inasmuch man E. E. G. CLIFFORD KAY, BENSON, TAFT LEE, EZRA ROMNEY, MARION THOMAS MC

it is not you, behold or. strong..

R. IVINS LEVI ANTOINE SONNE, EDGAR YOUNG, YOUNG, ALMA 89:5.) good,... drink(D.6Camong

Drink brings cruelty into the home; it

will be received in a spirit and manner that bacco"Committee such literature as: Sciwalks arm in arm with poverty;... it puts

will give joy to your hearts as you discharge entific Proof for the Word of Wisdom; chastity to flight; it knows neither honesty

this trust that has been placed upon you. How Can I Quit Tobacco?; The Way to nor fair dealing; it is a total stranger to

"... Jesus saith to Simon Peter, Simon, Stop Smoking; How to Cure the Cigaret truth; it drowns conscience; it is the bodyson of Jonas, lovest thou me more than Habit; I Whipped an Enemy; Why Smoke? guard of evil; it curses all who touch it.

these? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord, thou etc. All literature is free. (First Presidency, October Conference

thee. that I love knowest He saith unto him, 1942.) Message, March lambs."21:15.) (John Feed my paralyzes the inhibitions, renders Alcohol projects. Cleanup and beautify

obvious, disarms physical the urges more Gardening and production projects.

faculties, critical the breaks down of blurs fineness ableness prudence, and ACTIVITY AND CHURCH Suaaested froam/n for QUORUM reasontaste, necessarily without perception and SERVICE DEPARTMENT state Alcohol the of intoxication. creating

to this assigned counselors (For quorum is procurer best is the a conknown, and 1 9fontkm [-nedtkooa responsibility and members of the Quorum for the essential trade in stock stant and Activity and Church Service Committees) promotion of prostitution. (Alcohol—Its

c=Leaaershhip eeunuph Objective of Quorum Activity and Effects on Man, page 82, Dr. Haven Emerinstructions for "Supervision recent Priestthe every Melchizedek member of

Priesthood"THEof the Church Service Committees: To bring to son.) Melchizedek to Beautiful Women Don't Drink spiritual wellbeing; stated hood, mental and

to outline of material that be considered an of true brotherfeeling the help establish slogan, the popularize can we How leadership at priesthood each monthly priesthood characterize that should meethood several "It drink"? to For not is smart entire for ing prepared the being year was to through provide quorum quorums; and

for looking an anyears have been we the general priesthood committee. by including service, activity adequate and

This material will soon reach you in class instruction, ward teaching, temple swer. So, hearing that Mrs. Emily H.

pamphlet form for the entire year. Howwork, active missionary service, socials, Bennett learned of a "beauty school"

ever, it will also be published one quarter outings, etc., a feeling of fellowship, faith in New York, where drinking was abat a time in The Improvement Era and The and love that shall meet all the needs of the solutely banned, she kindly consented

Church News, of this committee, (For duties membership. statement following the us to send

in reprepared been has program This President Letter from kindly see P-13 of fabulously one famous head "The for everincreasing to sponse an demand of the Council of the F. Richards George schools health the largest of and charm It is suggeshelp. intended to be "merely Twelve.

in herexpressed has City York New tive,"Priesthood stake Melchizedek and committees may feel at liberty to change it Suggested Topics [or 1946 self emphatically on the subject of or add to it, as local needs may require. January drinking. No one is permitted to drink

No doubt, there will be additions from Arrange for a "100% attendance at alcoholic beverages while under her the office of the general priesthood comquorum meeting Sunday."tutelage. If a girl or woman is found

mittee from time to time. {Continued on page 44) to be drinking, in disobedience to this

not purposely has The program been specific instruction, she is expelled from Melchistake to allow in detail, outlined zedek Priesthood committees to adapt to the school, because, as the directress their requirements and to avoid any attempt 1946 SUPPLIES expresses it, "no beautiful woman herself, her drinks."beauty famous at A stake a of chairman MelEach is leaders to of other watch thousands sought urge department advice by Weregimentation. Priesthood committee chizedek in Priesthood pages Melchizedek The the insists drinking that the She women. for received order blank has Melan and Church Improvement Era The News is the of of liquor weightone most for supplies 1946, chizedek Priesthood in the assist material for conto supporting is all habits. of Alcohol promoting the the that complete he request with departments. of these ducting

list fat in of her it placed number priestthe general to two mail order and

PERSONAL WELFARE DEPARTMENT hood committee for filling immediateproducing "foods."Experience has

presidents (For quorum and personal ly.All requests for Group Roll and istaughtdetrimentalher, sheevenmaintains,to the hopethat ofalcoholgood welfare members) committee

(B-l); Report Books, Quorum health, Roll looks. basis the It undermines Objective (B-2); Books, and Report Master

its various of beauty, and tears down tee: (B-3); To helpof everyPersonalbearerWelfareof the CommitMelchi- Roll Books, Report Stake and

zedek Priesthood attain to the degree of Committee Report and Minute Books components. Lassitude replaces vitalieconomic independence and material well- ( B-4 ); Minute Books for Quorums ty. Nervousness substitutes for poise.

being that will assure adequate food, clothand Groups, (B-5); and for Roll Under its influence facial muscles reing, fuel, housing, and other needed physiPads, are to be placed through the lax unpleasantly, grossness stamps the

cal comforts and educational advantages chairman of the Melchizedek Priestfeatures, skin loses freshness and delifor himself and his family. (For duties of hood committee, and all materials cacy, eyes are blurred, hair is dulled.

this see Letter kindly P-13 committee, from will be shipped to him for distribuAttraction becomes repulsion. Liquor President of F. Richards George tion. the Council of the Twelve.) If your chairman has not yet ashas effectively erased every trace of

Suggested Topics for 1946 tion,certainedfor theyouryear,needspleasein thiscommuniconnec- charm."When asked how the actresses and

January cate with him at once so that you other "glamor girls who imbibe are able

Discussion of welfare projects assigned will be equipped to keep proper rolls to retain their beauty,"she explains to quorums. and records, and be prepared to that, in the vernacular, "they do it with

Map out program for personal interviews gather and compile the requested remirrors."That is, they merely seem to

for coming year. ports in 1946. drink. Special arrangements are made

February hotels at the waiters various There is no charge for this mawith and and convert the smoker: terial. restaurants frequent. they which How to approach When

Obtain from the General "NoLiquor-To- (Concluded on page 46)

JANUARY, 1946 43

in those early done the days was on farm MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD parsocial in with connection life—quilting

raisings, cornbees, ties, barn carpetbag refersub-topics suggested, been with and {Continued page 43) from fruit for drypreparing bees, and husking general headings. three ences under Discuss activity participation quorum program and ing. Refreshments, a games,

I. to perfection The way recognition service. other ofand Church a recitations were of common and music

II. Saint Latterday The home social Prepare for calendar 1946. the through gatherings. of part these Down

III. in of Citizenship the kingdom God successful social? a makes What built halls been recreation have by years

Prepare for first social on calendar. It is suggested that one theme be treated the Church wherever the Saints have estabfirst three the each month. themes for The meeting houses themselves, our lished and February

are: months purrecreational for widely used have been can a quorum encourage the gathHow recreation 1. has sponsored righteous foundation of a poses. Church The Faith—theering and compiling of genealogy?

life. in our and community each and amusement

March 2. Repentance—the road back to truth people have established standards in a manMake assignment to each quorum to visit and happiness. ner to an extent that is universally actemple, completing your portion of 100,000 3. Knowledge of the gospel of Jesus claimed.

names project. Christ (of truth). Our quorums should recognize that the

Subtopics and references will be found standards of life are pretty well determined

FACTFINDING AND STATISTICAL in the program folder for the year. by what we do when the pursuit of food,

DEPARTMENT clothing, and shelter are temporarily re- (For counselors assigned to this responsimoved and we are free to follow our inclinations,bility, factfinding members of the and tertainment. pursueWe shouldour ideals,developandleadershipseek enstatistical committees and for quorum and uorum an1

group secretaries) for constructive, creative, and cultural ex- r\ecreatecreauon pression. Objective of Committee: To provide When people laugh together, play toconstantly, in usable form, upto-theminute, yes, together, together, pray gether, work

complete information concerning feeling of brotherly together, the the memONEworkof thehasgreatbeen needsstatedinthus:our priesthood"A need and weep

of thebers that quorum, will enable the that establish feeling of true brotherto help a formed enhanced. love is A bond is

topresidency perform its assigned responsiare that characterize that priesthood should the realization hood brings about we bilities in effective the most manner. Father in of children our {For quorums and to provide through quorum brothers—all thisduties of committee, kindly see Letter the next to commandment heaven, and that

P-13 from President George F. Richards of to love our God with all our hearts, he

the the of Council Twelve. neighlove to our obligation the placed has this that material is suggested be IT ourselves. as borsSuggested /or 1946 Topics for consideration "clipped"by the just socials happen. not Successful do activity service and Church quorum January careful of result study and the are They

all at leadership the department record forms, January Study books, inand capable the years planning, through and meeting.structions relative to quarterly reports and informaof fund developed a leaders have progress meetings. atcheck assured Be you for auxguidance. tion helps your The and

forare vital prepared of keeping the records the iliary have of organizations Church quorum. activities service, including sochurch in and entitled booklet published Recreation a February cials feeling fellowship, outings, of and a It contains suggestions splendid the Home.

Analyze completed reports. How to infaith, and love that shall meet all the needs and helps on music, drama, dancing, readterpret reports, making them usable and of the membership."ing, storytelling, games for all occasions,

vital? One of the counselors of each Melchizeparties, hobbies, a chapter on special days

March dek Priesthood quorum presidency has been and events with suggestions for holidays

Obtain information on men away from given the responsibility of seeing that a and anniversaries, and many other splendid home. program is built and carried out that will factors. Your stake Mutual president unPrepare for quarterly reports. fill this great need in the lives of quorum doubtedly has this little pamphlet, as well

See that (green) welfare cards are upmembers. A committee is organized around as Camptivities. This latter will prove into-date on your quorum members. this counselor, as chairman, to plan carevaluable in planning outof-doors affairs.

fully and carry out a program that will Some of the headings are Transportation,

CLASS INSTRUCTION DEPARTMENT "bring to every member of the Melchizedek Day Camping, Campfire Programs, Food, spiritual Priesthood, wellbeing; mental and Stunts In and Fuel Fun, Camp, and Music class instructors.(For all be conducted To feeling brotherestablish to of true the help and Games. direction the of ofunder the high a member characterize that priesthood should hood will undevelop committees Wideawakecouncil assigned the stake by Melchizedek

to provide and quorums; through quorum their situations within to dertakings meetPriesthood direction the committee under of

activity service, including adequate and quorums. own the presidency.) stake

instruction, teaching, class temple ward just preof our quorums is busy now One

The approved course of study for 1946 work, active missionary service, socials, paring a lovely affair to honor its oldest is The Gospel Through the Ages by Dr. outings, etc., a feeling of fellowship, faith, member, eightysix years of age.

Milton R. Hunter of the First Council of and love that shall meet all the needs of Another quorum is planning its annual

the Seventy. Each book contains, beginning the membership."memorial service, at which time tributes will

at page 299, a list of problems and activiThe recreational and social program repbe paid to members who have passed away ties, with topics for discussion for each resents an important part of the quorum acthe past year. There will be flowers. There

chapter. tivity and Church service committees'rewill be appropriate music. There will be

In addition, there will appear in The Imsponsibility. comforting addresses.

provement Era and The Church News from The committee should now prepare a soSome quorums hold a Thanksgiving servtime to time suggestions for teacher traincial calendar for the quorum for the year ice each year which is a beautiful affair for ing, lesson helps, etc. 1946. Consideration should be shown for members and wives.

other Church agencies in stakes and wards Special days and special occasions proAARONIC PRIESTHOOD DEPARTto avoid conflict of dates. vide opportunities for getting the quorum

MENT AND DEPARTMENT FOR It is desired that each quorum have at members and their families together in a

LEADERS OF ADULT MEMBERS least once each three months, a major social common cause that knits them together.

OF AARONIC PRIESTHOOD activity which will bring together the memYour quorum can "come to life"socially, their wives. of the and quorums brethren welcoming through our and and for these will bers Material departments two

activity, social in factor their potent give into a Recreation has a them been wives in the Priesthoodbe Aaronic found Handlives the Saints since the orpart of things feeling of being Latterday of and at home of Instructions.book

in people, the that will of to ganization of cause "bread the Church. them want Our

DEPARTMENT FOR BRETHREN NOT addition to religious fervor, believe in play, life"and the spiritual activity of class parREQUIRED TO BE IN ONE OF THE and we desire to encourage amusements, ticipation.

recreation, this recreational line social fun. In calenBuild your with and clean and SIX FOREGOING DEPARTMENTS

its inthought, President carefully Let be now. dar Brigham aim for 1946 Young a be conducted(To by member

in, in of the stake structed to suitable every bring to bishops provide places some way, quorum presidency high council) or said, particularly "Recreation for Brigham dancing for amusement, member. Young

The material to be considered in this deand drama, almost as soon as settlements and diversion are as necessary to our well partment is listed under the general title began to be established. being as the more serious pursuits of

of "Gospel Themes."Twelve subjects have Most of the work within the home and life...."(Concluded on page 47)

44 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HPriest(ioo6&axm\cCONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP hood members are responsible for the building the "perfecting of the saints,"OUTLINE OF STUDY Lyotttk Speahi living and and the of the ministry, up

FEBRUARY 1946 teaching and preaching of the gospel of

Jesus Christ.

is course This pre of study Note: that the accepted It is generally Meldirection the of the Presidunder pared to has Priesthood, chizedek, or Higher presentation during Bishopric ing for

the monthly meeting of the ward youth do with the spiritual welfare of the leadership to be conducted by the bish Church and that the Aaronic or Lesser

DAROLD deals only with the temr in Priesthood opric each ward. of the Members

Priesthood committee Aaronic ward This of the Church. welfare H. poral may CHAMBERS

and of the ward committee for Latter'be true to a certain extent, but as I unday Saint girls are expected to attend derstand it, the Aaronic Priesthood is this meeting. a sort of preparatory priesthood which

Priesthood receive to the Higher it carefully leveled and men a pasture. HeA farmer prepared an acre of ground for has the responsibility of training young

all blessings of its spiritual which with irrigation. Busieffective it off for marked

ness called him away for a few days before are necessary for our exaltation and he had time to plant it. Upon his return he THE SPIRITUAL RESPONSIBILITIES eternal life.

the that his sevenyear-old son andfound PRESIDENT teachers'quorum, OF A QUORUM As president of my castle lad's playmates had made a medieval

I to feel that have been made in the (Address subterranean passageswith numerous delivered by Darold H. Cham- I like

center of it. bers before a recent quarterly conference of captain over a company of young men

The father's first impulse was to chastise the Ogden Stake. Darold is president of the and that it is my duty and responsibilthe boy, but remembering his own childhood teachers'quorum in his ward.) ity to see that each man under my comis commissioned as a turned outadventures, around put he his arm and him mand

diggingsaid, the Priesthood is the government of God. don't your "Son, I officer armies mind up the of Jesus help lead to

place, but I wish you would dig near the It is power and authority given to Christ in battle against the devil, to house and not where I am about to plant men and boys to act in the name of the fight against sin and evil in the earth.

something."responsibility Lord. rests great upon A it protraining that the to see I must

all later, father the night or the received priesthood, have when two who A officers superior outlined gram by my in front the the dark, across lawnwalked especially those been have who I set is experienced out. carried must have fell pit. obliged into lad him ahe had The apart to preside over priesthood quoqualified teachers. I must advisors and house. close to the hole digging aby rums.

actison's mischievous but innocent The The Lord has declared that priesthaveadjutanttwotogoodassistlieutenantsme in theandworka goodoutuntilvities father perplexed the one had day, when he was trying to irrigate a field lined.

his intoof flashed the oats, mind: thought is If absent from of one company the my the disciple, root as same which word I is like nature! water human"How Why I is at class, that contacted see he must follower. leaders a means should Church digging son from keepcan more no my inspire ill follow to is into people If young or them or discouraged once. he I else)holes than (or can something doing

living. real religious I help encourbackward, must and him direction."this in off every waterdam think often in of terms doing Too we I in him. everything must do age great my father a discovered This truth—that things parties, for them all rules, regulations, that to into the function, to to see are world born them—giving powerwe their place, banquets, awards. have These activicreative. Life active, tobe be means are orders, standards and and obeyed is it but to important give youth more muchty. freely function child cannot who carried A every under out by man my interesting, to something do—something will normally. develop not happilyand I leadership. undermust and know this shall creative. adventurous, be? What is silence into verbal forced he whenEven set the stand propthe program. priesthood, must School, Sunday Mutual What feelhis inactivity, mind physical andand

activity chalAssociation Improvement er before men. example myIing building antagonisms at are up work

life lenges the of body, whole a boy—his this crush in those against great of resentment Jesus armyand who Now, heart? mind, andhis function. innate to urge the Christ following "general have we activity Evaluate your ward program

To be happy in the Church, a boy or a for youth. Next month we shall present orders"which are a part of our training

girl must be active. Because of our very some concrete suggestions on Church actiprogram.

protect desire tolegitimate them from the vities for youth. Faith, prayer, partaking of the holy stealing, liquor,evils and unof tobacco,

chastity, and to keep them quiet in the Questions and Projects: sacrament at sacrament meeting, atnaturallyclassroom, Church workers we

activity, to block offtend to restrict many 1. Isturethereis likeanywaterway inin itswhichbehavior?human natendanceSchool, Y.M.M.I.A.,at priesthood themeeting,paymentSundayof

outlets of energy frequently indulged in by 2. Is the quiet, subdued boy or girl necestithing, the keeping of the Word of

youth. This is well and good, if we know sarily better off than the energetic, Wisdom, keeping the Sabbath day

how to do it. However, let us remember that even somewhat rowdy type? Justify holy, serving as a ward teacher, refrainis irrigation like person ana much young answer. your ing taking the the of from name Lord

direction. in willstream, "run"some he 3. less exto a youth have need Does in vain, keeping ourselves morally all will advendenied not people beYoung in press himself than he does Church clean, being dependable, honest and If thrilling activity cancreation.ture and or at school home?

orderly, reverent to those obedient and in constructive for and them foundnot be literal is 4. the of the meaning What

it us, in authority true in will remaining over get and they then channels awholesome "discipline"? word

reckless ride in an old car or by stealing 5. Why do young people sometimes get and loyal to the Church and kingdom

chickens from John Brown. the idea that religion acts as a dampof God.

not should leader er on life? teacher of youth or The

corralling truly interesting, energetic, chalIt is my responsibility as president ofthink and girls of boys so much 6. What

as of finding ways in which they can give lenging, and adventurous activities the teachers'quorum to carry this trainvent to their energies in harmless and helptake place in the youth organizations ing program of the Church into the lives ful ways. The word discipline comes from of your ward? of every member of my quorum.

JANUARY, 1946 45 )af3 SFeacfoij CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

Aaronic Priesthood

(Concluded from preceding page) WARD TEACHERS

The teacher's duty is to watch oyer the church always, and be with and strengthen them;

cLatterdau Jaint CjIpm'And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the And their duty.froqra/n id [Ander lA/a members do C. 20:5355.) (D. &

January 1 signalled the beginning of the Saint girls'new Latterday pro- l/[/ard Jeackers fvle56aae for Jeh>ruar> 1946 throughout the Church.gram Every

stake and ward has had plenty of time LOVE AND KINDNESS'to become fully organized since the program was announced during the "\1iosT of us have a tender feeling of sympathy for a friend or neighbor

October 1945 general conference, and who is stricken with affliction, but sometimes we fail to respond to the full printed instructions were sent to inner urgings to shed love and kindness each day unless moved upon by each stake president and to each bishanother's sorrow.

op shortly thereafter. Duplicate sets Every day should be a sabbath of love and kindness. Cheerfulness,

of individual record cards have been thoughtfulness, good wishes, tender courtesies, helpfulness, and gentleness sent to each ward filing an order thereshould begin with our first waking moments and should continue throughout for. Other printed supplies will be sent the day. Love and kindness in all their simplicity should go out in the world

as rapidly as they are received from the to comfort those who are weighted down with grief, to uplift the discourpress. aged and to revive interest in lives that are oppressed and lonely.

We should like again to emphasize Many of us will never have the opportunity to do very much which the the instructions sent to stakes and world considers great, but we can give constant consideration to the welfare wards and happiness of others; we can pause to be kind and thoughtful; we can

render obliging services to our fellow men and thereby obey the divine inclearly It should be understood each by junction, shalt love as thyself."thy neighbor "Thou

this in program, whetherworker he is a In the the description of last judgment, recorded by Matthew, the of the stake committee or amember member of the ward committee, that there are to be qualities of love and kindness toward our fellow men are shown to be deterno new class organizations effected, no mining factors of our final destiny. In chapter 25, verses 34 to 40 we read:

held,additional meetings courses of no new right his shall the King blessed hand, unto say them on Then of Come, ye my additionalstudy social provided, or no inherit for the Father, the the prepared foundation of world: kingdom from you activtiies forrecreational introduced young

I I thirsty, meat: drink: For hungred, an and and gave ye gave was was me ye me It should that the bewomen. remembered

I I in: stranger, sick, and clothed a took ye me: and Naked, was ye and was me meeting, Reliefsacrament Society, Sunday

I in visited prison, shall the unto righteous me: ye and was me. came ye ThenSchool, and ImYoung Mutual Women's

him, saying, Lord, thirsty, thee thee? answer fed or hungred, an when and saw we Associationprovement provide well- a

stranger, thee drink: in? thee gave thee or and a took naked, saw and we When spiritual, forrounded the Church program

sick, in prison, thee? clothed or thee thee? and and unto saw when came Or weintellectual, social, recreational developand

I shall the them, unto Verily King answer unto and say you, Inasmuch as say And girls, of Saint Latterday atment and any it it least the of of these brethren, one unto have done me. ye unto ye done have my to thesetempt supplement to programs, or

assume, prerogatives in any of way, the it the verses foregoing is evident that After reading for love our athese respective agencies should not be peris Christ. of fellow thing our love for is proof Jesus There such no menmitted.

as love for God which does not have its setting in our love for man. If we

The Presiding Bishopric will weltruly love the Redeemer of the world and the Father of all righteousness, come any correspondence or personal our hearts will be full of love for our fellow men and this love will demonvisits which will assist in making clear strate itself outwardly in kindness and in loving service to others.

the objectives of this program and Let us, then, cultivate the inborn characteristics of love for others. Let

methods of procedure. us be kind and gentle toward one another. Let us incorporate into our

lives the spirit of Christ which is the spirit of love and kindness.

YOUTH'S BRIGHT WINGS By Grace Sayre But perhaps we could learn something let this lad fearlessness, his small keep NoLiquor-Tobacco this surprising from somewhat performupright outlookOH,His bewildering on a ance. things are not That always what [Concluded 43) from page world

is they alonly seem the other of obvious "Martini,"or one "Manhattan,"suddenly seemsThat gone mad. May his a

is conclusions. other waiter the is ordered, imdrink coholic more The hold eyes

The eagerness of youth's bright wings unbrings grapefruit juice, ginger ale, or portant. "Women who are professionfurled. any other nonalcoholic beverage which ally experienced in the fields of charm,

May he be granted freedom from the stress can be "dressed up"to look like the success, and good books, know that

That weights the hearts of older boys and drink specified. The hotels practice this beauty is shortlived indeed, when it

men; mild deception, happily, when the full takes on the insurmountable burden of

He is so young,—let him have time to laugh price of the alcoholic drink is paid for alcohol. 'No beautiful woman drinks'And build his dreams,—for he is only ten. its substitute.—neither her face nor her figure can

Yet he share a sympathy may * * * battle for theWho weak ones,—andwith all the this"Ourdeception—atsense of integrityleast to themaypointresentof take it."

small. not wishing to practice it ourselves. Yes, it is "smart not to drink."

46 THE IMPROVEMENT FRA Council of the Twelve, relative to quorum activities are carried out.

2. To report promptly to the stake presidency any vacancy in a quorum presidency.

3. To make a quarterly report and to collect quarterly and annual quorum re- \Qoita(sgy ports and send them to the Council of

the Twelve.

November 19, 1945 you consider most appropriate. From Stake presidents are asked to give the orDear Stake Chairman: the story portion of lessons 1 and 2, ganization of the stake Melchizedek Priestwith the aid of a reader and three char-

/\nce again it becomes our privilege, acters, a pleasing demonstration could by official assignment, to present be readily worked out. Those particithe program in the evening meeting of pating should learn their parts and 1946 Stake Conference Programs

to each the offastA day,numberJanuaryof wards6. have displayed striveOr otherfor effectivechaptersandmightlifelikebe delivery.selected, Therestake haspresidentbeen maileda supply

gratifying ingenuity in presenting demsuch as 6-7, or 1020, or 21, or again 1946 stake quarterly conference proonstrations, on similar occasions, of 37 and 42. grams, together with the scheduled

remarkable impressiveness. This time, Please make your selection of madates of each conference.

therefore, we are suggesting that each terial at once, complete arrangements stake or each ward work out the final with bishops for this evening to be redetails this of presentation, so as for to served the Society, Genealogical thought and study careful committee hood it effective most for theirmake the and have own characters chosen begin and organized year fully the new and enter localWegroup.recommend that the meeting, intheirWerehearsingwill deem now.it a favor if you will familiarThis importantwith the recommendedcommittee actsprocedure.as an

cluding appropriate songs and music, report to us, after this January meeting, executive and planning group, under the be not longer than one hour to one and a the form your program took, and how stake presidency, and will need to be very quarter hours. The instruction given successfully it was presented. active. The objective is to bring all the

full into quorums Priesthood Melchizedekshould be in the form dialog, of a a Sincerely your brethren, praceverything that is It asked activity. discussionpanel or a brief simple and

this objective be done. obtain ticable todramatization. Society, The Genealogical

Examples suitable for this are found Joseph Fielding Smith, in the book, Teaching One Another. President Questions and Answers

You may desire to read over these Archibald F, Bennett, chapters and select one or two which Secretary

From time to time we publish the important questions submitted to

it secrethat the is to, suggested and MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD the committee, and the answers therePriest- Melchizedek stake the of tary this informpreserve committee hood [Concluded page from 44) that they so might effecbecome more the of future guidance the for ation tive in their this leadership. Let the of phase activity quorum and could procedure committee. same The serviceChurch committee outwork be a. conducting a leadership monthly By secrequorum followed well by be instanding 1946, and your watch quorum officers meeting the with leaders and all priesthood fact in taries, and bygrow! the of or groups. quorums sec- (See officers. to the general priesthood Send committee tion of 7 Letter P-13, "Supervision

reports of your activities with pictures. of the Melchizedek Priesthood program of the Church of Jesus Christ

Organization and Functions of the of Latterday Saints, November 7, Question 29: We desire to send a high

Stake Melchizedek Priesthood 1945.") priest on a mission. Is it better to raise misCommittee b. rumBy stimulatingand group officersand assistingand leadersquosionaryas groups,fundshavingby thethequorumgroupasundertakea whole, orto

'T'he responsibility of directing Melchizeand assisting them to make their maintain a missionary?

* dek Priesthood activities rests with the work more effective. Answer 29: We recommend that funds

stake presidency. As an aid to the stake c. By keeping in touch with the work be raised by the quorum as a whole for this

presidency, it has been recommended that a and activities of all Melchizedek purpose, to keep a missionary or missionstake Melchizedek Priesthood committee be Priesthood quorums in the stake. aries from whichever groups are able to

appointed to assist in carrying out this im- d. By visiting the meeting of every furnish such missionaries. The high priests

portant work. The stake Melchizedek Priestquorum and group at least quarterquorum is a stake quorum, not a ward unit.

hood committee is composed of a member ly. It is desired that groups be quorum conof the stake presidency who is the chairman, e. By encouraging regular council scious and not independent units.

the of meetings presidency quorum the as of high counciland many members outline the of 30: 8 new Question Page attending and council is meetsuch by less inas three. necessary but case than no

Priestthe Melchizedek of for "Supervision ings to time, is astime giving from It that stake each recommended Melthis that is "It states: recommended hood"sistance in through suggestions wise Priesthoodchizedek committee appoint a

exclusively be a meeting monthly combined planning. secretary, preferably shouldcommittee who

presithe stake that meeting, priesthood and that the instructions seeing of clerk, clerk, f. By assistant the stake or stakebe

superpresidencies the and with meet dency to secretarysaid contact maintain with at organizations auxiliary of intendencies secretaries as of a andgroup means quorum obtaining, checking, and transmitting another time for their leadership meeting."

this genealogical that the mean Does all Editorial; reports ofquarterly, annual, and other

missionaries, etc., are not the stake workers, the within Priesthood quorumsMelchizedek {Concluded from page 32) meeting? connection with this to meet instake.

It is understood that the stake Melchizedescendants, to live gloriously by those Answer 30: It is our recommendation that

dek Priesthood committee has equal authorprinciples, in spite of calumny and this combined monthly stake Melchizedek ity and responsibility in the supervision of hostility, in spite of revilers within and Priesthood meeting and monthly priesthood the elders, seventies, and high priests, under without the Church. For if we do, we leadership meeting be limited to priesthood

leadership that other and attendance, and the presidency, direction bearofthe stake shall in peace "the very deed of know hour. at another held meetings be union this that in does committeeing mind not that understanding,"passeth and we presithe of stake the If, in judgment supervises, thepreside, direction but under shall that furthermore our by know is the for time this the best available dency, presidency. stake theof

principles, to these adherence have we to leaders Saint girls program Latterday

It shall be the duty of the committee: to help best preserve the done our part that they a meet in meet, it is recommended

1. To train quorum officers in their duties in our civilization.- M. C. J. separate place and not with the priesthood.

JANUARY, 1946 47 Is Prejudice? Prejudice in the World Today, How We Get Our Prejudices, What

Prejudice Does to Us, and What We Can

Do About It.—M. C. /.

FIGHTING LIBERAL Ontftookxack (Autobiography of George W. Norris.

"HE GOSPEL THROUGH THE AGES with words of hope the graves of those who Macmillan Company, New York.

(Milton R. Hunter. Stevens and Wallis, had fallen on the battlefield. Sparing no 419 pages. $3.50.)

Salt Lake City. 320 pages. $1.30.) risks, they shared the soldier's life, so that THIS volume records in Senator Norris

'"Phis is the 1946 course of study for the he might be buoyed up in the ugly though intimate style, the story of a man who tasks necessary of warfare. of story his opinions, battle for The he though to dared the of Priesthood. quorums Melchizedek*

is in these told devoted collaborahere is a men alone. also stood sometimes book TheIt is doctrine, the to based upon unique tion the the with chief of former life United in politics the clear of history and that the gospel revealedMormonism, was chaplains. States thirtyare army There last the half century. during States United firstto the proceeds author Adam, man. The

is illustrative pictures. four of pages this There inside are reveals events as Such bookto that the to yielding men, temptashow

full list affiliation, also a church name, by easily not A. W.tions evil of the one, the corrupted soon obtainable.—/. all casualties address, of chaplain andsimple doctrines this the of gospel, that and BIBLE LONG'S QUIZ are they and homedecorations—andexplains in the truth fragments of found Publisher, Long. Stewart, George (J. C. W. A. many.—J. W. all religions.nearly departure from Such Inc., 91 pages. York. $1.00.) New

the original later revelations led to and ISRAEL OF a THE WISDOM real learning addition to more fun—insuccession apostasies of For from restoraand House, (Lewis Browne. Random New for this the of booktions the of Christ, of gospel culminatJesus Bible—purchase 784 pages. York. $3.95.) the quizzes time a around and have good in lasting the restoration in these days. In

developing this historical truth, nearly every This anthology will please all who have family table, or when guests come to visit, gospel principle is passed in review. It is a interest in the covenant of God with or when you have church parties.

for quizzes, fiftytwo has one book The the long tumultuous and and Abraham,fascinating unusually well theme, organized the of year; so that want if you week of history of seven each the sons Jacob. Theand written of Hunter, by Dr. a member

the First Council of the Seventy, and a divisions best indicate the contents of the something to keep the family happy on notable historical scholar. book: 1. The Old Testament; 2. Between Sundays, you may take time to read from Fortyone chapters, of easy length, fit the Testaments (The Apocrypha); 3. The the Bible—and then spend a few minutes on

into an equal number of quorum meetings New Testament; 4. The Talmudic Period; the quizzes.

theduring year. those For who wish to The5. MedievalModern Noon;Period. 6.InMedievaleach partNight;are judi-7. areThewelllastworthtwo paragraphsrecalling: in"Thethe Forewordreal basis of the subject, study deeper supplemake a

mentary readings are suggested at the end ciously chosen selections from the period of Long's Bible Quiz is the feeling for the of each chapter. At the end of the book represented. This makes a story of Israel's Bible as great literature, human, inspired,

itself are a set of problems to help teachers thinking and culture from the national bemodern, applicable to the present day.

is, fact, in of the Bible "A knowledge disperto the of the present ginning formand students. A comprehensive index closes

to wishes appear for any one who It faith Israel, essential sets sion. forth the first ofthe book.

This study course will not only prove deviations therefrom, and the outreaching educated in modern times. The war has

interesting and informative to quorum for a return. There are humor, and pathos, directed public attention to the MediterEast. the ranean, Far East, and the Near division. in every sound wisdom Jewclasses, in and but will find place a permanent

sit rise spirits past and of centuries this The in find interest alike will and Christian library, for bearer'severy priesthood gospel well done, is unusually that are put uponinformation and reference.—J. A. W. book.within Thethe restrictionswork beside us as we read the daily news."—M. C.?.

IS THE YEARSTHEIRS THE KINGDOM any anthology.—/. A. W. THROUGH and Ramona F.(Wendell (Emma H. Wakefield Bookcraft Company, J. Ashton. OF THE THROBS HEART WEST 1945.) Utah. Provo, Cottam.Salt City. $2.00.) pages. 371 Lake

6 Volume is edition of the title Years fitting Through could have been more Editor. Carter, Daughters (Kate B. of Utah AnewNo its arpress. off the with This this for book chosen of faithful book. Hosts City. Pioneers, $2.50.) Salt Lake

men and women, loyal to their leadership, rangement and classification should be a data, with family great help in collecting built ofhave God. Since the kingdom

is It they THEis wellsixthupvolumeto the ofhighthisstandardsexcellent setseriesby section for babies. official positions, high an additionalhave not occupied

their faith and achievements, often amidst the earlier issues. In fact, the contents of a looseleaf journal in narrative style with

much tribulation, have seldom been brought this volume make it well nigh indispensable instructions and illustrations on how to write to general attention. But their names are for lovers of pioneer history. William Clayone's personal history. Although it is not

inscribed in the Book of the Lamb. ton's journal of the pioneer company is the official form adopted by the genealogical

From among the multitude of such perprinted in full; in addition, there are stories society, those who keep this record will

sonalities, the author has chosen eight for of handcart pioneers, rugged men of the have all the material at hand if they wish his book: Aurelia Spencer Rogers, Truman West, Indian wars; a list of pioneer underto place the information on the Church recsextons, the story and cemeteries; Pyper, Bryce takers,O. Angell, D. George R, M. ord sheets later.—E. /. M.

the erected of the monuments and list by Stephens, L.Thomas, Kane, Thomas Evan

Richard Ballantyne, and Dan Jones. Each Daughters of the Utah Pioneers; and a list MY TWENTYFIVE YEARS

one rendered service in his day from which of the governors of Utah. The journal of IN CHINA

we are now benefiting. The life lessons of the Forsgren Company gives a day by day (John B. Powell. Macmillan Company,

each one may well be used by us of a later account of the journey of a pioneer Danish New York. 436 pages. $3.50.)

also to Utah; from Copenhagen companyday. off the 1917, stepped author February IN the sketches Forsgren E. pioneer Peter of has unusual with been done work The in to begin China, Shanghai, a boat cargo

the of Peter A. com- a member Munk, and is Itcare. scholarly of piece work. And, a life of as century of quarter news- a a a

pany. vivid stylethe colors author's and makes that in country. Powell Mr. paperman

interesting informative readable, and This is interesting, story. noteach only book The for Millard, Fairfax to work Thomas

credit large the of went already to adds volume It is for readable.but every a most book print precise, refused to but prim and who

the Pioneers. the of Daughters Utahhome. his for policy's in or for anything paper It is to be hoped that this volume is but—/. A. W. money's sakes. The paper was titled, Mil-

a beginning in a poorly tilled biographical PROBING OUR PREJUDICES lard's Review of the Far East.

field.—/. A. W. (Hortense Powdermaker. Harper and The author indicates the wisdom and the

Brothers, New York. 1944. foresight of China's grand old man, Dr.

SOLDIERS OF GOD pages. 73 $1.00.) to foresight had enough Sun Yat Sen, who

(Christopher Cross, in collaboration with period, it is of tremendous this postwar all Tn indicate should be done by what

General William R. Arnold.Major in * that importance that a study of her freedom, our order China might make win we

andE. P. Dutton Company, New is wellprevail prejudices. a particularly might This democracy book and that

York. 370 pages. $2.75.) prepared treatise for high school students. part of the Far East. in that

'T'he chaplains of the army and navy in The analysis of the topics is sound, and the The book is personal which makes for * World War II turned men's hearts questions for discussion are also well interest, but it is also factual which makes toward the powers of the unseen world, thought out and provocative. The five major it of vital importance today when people

towards God; they comforted those sick divisions of the book will give an insight in the United States are trying to find the

in body or soul; they built faith for those into the fundamental issues discussed and truth about the great country who has been

who were to go into action; they dedicated will indicate the worth of this study: What our ally.—M. C. J.

48 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A STORY TO TELL Salt(Deseret City, Book Lake Company, pages. 1945. $2.00.)Utah. 506 JOHN DANIEL FORD

cover, are compiled under oneT Tere, more r * than one hundred thirty stories for "teachers, parents, and children"—stories

stories pioneers,of of the of the Presidents stories nation, of uidtcthe of the and Church bravery, courage, honesty, loyalty, and reverence, stories for special days and seasons, stories from scripture, from history, from life—stories from our own Church

literature and elsewhere, for reading byyouth and for telling to youth. This comJuTedetter

mendable and attractive collection is the of of a joint committeework the Sunday

It fills By boards. general PrimarySchool and

need fora more need acutely felt—the

literature also HAROLD H. for our children; andChurch

a need acutely felt by adults in their teach- J E N S O N ing of children. When the Grass Grew, a

story the 748 of appeared Deon pagenew JOHN is Era, 1945 onecember Improvement of DANIEL in this collection.those which appears And

find FORD confidentially that predict we shallwe many adults reading these stories for their own entertainment and refreshment. A Story

to Tell is a good book to have in any home, and its competent compilers and sponsors are deserving making it available.—/?.of earnest L.commendationE. for Settinggarded typeas anhasart.alwaysOnce beenall typerefirstIn additionLinotypeto operatorsthis I wasforonetheofDesthe

eret these handset. machines took Then when was men dreamed News LIBRARY WALLSFROM MY composition. machines. of invented the place hand and GradOrcutt. (William Longmans, Green dreams Dana

and Company, Inc., New York. ually the setter of type gave way to "I married Miss Julia M. Hopfen1945. 246 pages. $3.00.) machines that could do it and do it beck on June 17, 1891, in the Logan

faster. That life as publisher, a full author, bookFrom

richmusic. his designer, Mr. Orcutt has culled A machineis, exceptwasin neverone field:perTemple,Merrill officiating.with Elder EightMarrinerchildrenW.

est experiences to include in this book which fected to set music type. Therefore, have blessed our home. On December

subtitles, of Kaleidoscope Memories."he printing the expensive, "A of music was I 23, as called 1906, counsecond was

title in significance gains special sinceThe it set not to only be because had by selor to the Bishop of Maxwell James stimuli library the Orcutt's are whichMr. typesetter the but hand, himbecause Twentyseventh Stake Ensign Ward, reminiscences. theseprompt self to music, of a have had knowledge Stake Emigration ), and ( now was Italy, well France, as England, Through

in proficient few and became have priest set high a ordained apart and his the leads delightedas author America, reader, and weaves so much of real and this field. But the Deseret News Press by Elder Francis M. Lyman and Presliterary history, geography, and biography has such a man in John Daniel Ford, ident Richard W. Young of Ensign

that he adds materially to a liberal educatheir oldest employee, who is believed Stake. On March 3, 1918, I became

tion, and arouses the reader to become to be the only person in Utah who can first counselor to Bishop Maxwell, befiner betterbroader informed on the and set type. music ing set apart by President John M. life.things of subject through Mr. Every Knight, released and honorably wasOrcutt's writing brings reader to the a fuller is This Brother Ford's story: 12, 1922. February wellsense of complete ajoy more and

being. M. C. J. "I was born in Portsmouth, Eng- "I have had the privilege of setting

for the music the Deseret School land, Sunday April 11, 1867, the son of John THESEAGAINST THREE the I Hawaiian and SunSamoan Ford. Clark and Mary was Songs, Ann (Stuart Cloete. Houghton, Mifflin Company, Boston. 1945. 472 pages. $3.50.) baptized a member of the Church of day School song books, the Primary

Fascinating biography of the three great Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints in Song Book, and many other composimen of Africa: Logengula, Paul Kruger, the town of my birth in June 1876, by tions of our local musicians. I recently

and Cecil Rhodes, this book becomes one Abraham O. Smoot of Provo, and completed sixty years of service in

of the most significant of recent publicaconfirmed by Thomas Wilkes, presithe employ of the News. I enjoy good

tions. The author, himself a native African, dent of the Portsmouth Branch. I health and still work daily on the

landed Cloetedescendant of Jacob who fourth floor to in 1879 resided in came of the News building on America and first grant the received inAfrica and 1652 Street."Richards of years the for a number North on the atof to land given a white Cape man City, Salt of called Bench then Lake the the background, knows Hope,of Good

biography and, furthermore, has a genuine the 'Dry Bench,'as no drinking \kJEwill again take up the story, for interest in telling the truth about the three water was available for several Brother Ford, in his quiet, unasin distant. influence blocks characters Southunusual whose left suming has manner untold. much

felt. still is dynamicallyAfrica stands feet six today as tall, and He "I entered the employ of the Desin the of his states author first page The straight as an arrow. eret Publishing the News Company incident, can be moment,book, no "No

isolated in history. History is a continuous latter part of 1885 when eighteen To set music in type, the whole

process in which effect, the result of preyears of age, commencing in the presspiece of music must be laid out, and vious cause, becomes the new cause of new room of the old adobe building where the staffs set, making due allowance is this true, thoseeffect."Since would who the Hotel for stands. notes; extra then Utah the any It was now words

picture of current the Southunderstand the late under inserted of the are in their exactly management proper of then the early of history learnAfrica must place. C. George foremanship Lambert and must have a One knowledge surprisinglythis region. enough, And,

many of the events and situations in this of Carl Poulton. In three years I was of music to know where sharps and

biography will point the way to some solutransferred to the job department unflats occur, as well as the many marktions in our own troubled times.—M. C. /. der the late Bishop Joseph S. Tingey, ings that only musicians know. Such

when I was asked by Manager Lammen as the late George D. Pyper,

bert to lay the music type in cases and veteran superintendent of Sunday

Mappu if jew Mleat I tomateriallystart to setassistedmusic. In bythis workProfessorsI was Schools,mittee haveand vouchedthe Churchfor musicthe worthcomEvan Stephens and Joseph J. Daynes. of this man.

JANUARY, 1946 49 ENTERTAINING rnaels UNAWARES

e. Bf JuL W. Wall,

It was not until Anne said she was A,.NNE Ross had always wanted closinghis departure.that he tookto run a bookshop—new or secondShe asked a perhand, she didn't care which; schoolson down the street:

teaching was not her bent, she had "Who is that queer concluded, so this summer she had old man?"

taken her savings and invested them in "I suppose he an old bookstore. The business was seems queer to you,"

located in a rather large summer resort said the woman.

town, and the building was not in the "But we are used to pink of condition by any means. Living him. His name is

quarters were over the shop. With a Edward Rice. All

grand air she had told her people that the children and the investment was promising and that young people like the little seaside village was delightful. him; he seems to do

But she suspected them of guessing the nothing but read."

unbusinesslike truth, that she had suc- "He's no ornacumbed to the temptation of having ment to my shop, three thousand books of her own. Now though,"said Anne.

felt seaobliged toshe a profitable have

I supdon't "No, ifson, to only a them show she was will be. he pose He "practical business woman."

little off lives pen- a In the old there shop books were everywhere. There were even books sion. The previous

of the shop living high in herpiled rooms. There owner

I him, spoiled old of furniture pieceswere a few guess."in. hers. all thisthrown was Now she decided Anne First, the shelves. she attacked Some

firm. "I'm beof almost new; the volumes were some would

of them were two hundred years old. dusting all the poetry today,"books price old in the marks ones wereThe

she said the Illustrated by Robert Shepherd to himhigher dusted than the new. from She

John Adams to John Zwermer. Before next morning, for he

as early. brightened appeared had he looked bright and old man "You The o'clock aching withtwo her back was

asked, over. won't find it convenient read."to them much?"he "How misdusting old biographies of and tales

sionary journeys. Suddenly she heard "I'd just as soon read philosophy toholding up one.

a thumping on the old door. day,"he answered accommodatingly. Anne considered. It was a curious

I I like ration, for "Poetry steady but illustrated old 1812 dated and volume, in figure the standing odd was An

I philosophy, too, feel enjoy equal wnen of impossible with cuts coarse woodstreet, surveying mildly her through it."to calico prochildren; figured of cover a glasses. at have been mustheavy He helplessly stood while he Anne cents,"by tected back. the "Twentyfive old.least seventyfive years There was his picked out book. not could She sum- "It's offhand. in conshe decided good childlike in his expressomething odd

to the courage argument; renew mon dition."aid,sion. his hearing a and wore He she instead her with on work. went unoffendthe old examined The man "I said:dress almost shabby. was He

in arose the next problems many So suspiciously ing slapped then and book I the with books. working yousaw

little that but time it weeks had two the Anne table the slammed on and down call I'd to readthought and come visitor. her to spend on Moreover, even hurried out. as door heawhile."

finally she put a up when sign—"Ready to wanted have must make "He me I for customers,"not ready "But am refor questions gift,"said steady to old her him a Anne business"—many toshe shouted him. unanswered. mained visitor.

all,"at to not matter does "That me fine looking old gentleman day a One is the the man. matter?"asked "What to "I her. going buy. not assuredhe am out of stepped car and a handsome it. at look is worth That "Let bookI'll sit me in just chair the take corner a and

is asked, Miss Cook?""Where it dollars. better look ten up had You I to used had Miss do Cook when—as

I she to California. gone has "Oh, It's old rare see. of those and onethe shop."

its contents,"reher bought shop and in printed outof-theway primers an lift sat rather her than and down, He plied Anne. printer's shop. asked him you let When again, pick out avoice him Anne

the grunted man, "Umph,""Where there thought only he was a quarter, himself; settle of but poetry andvolume

the are old schoolbooks?"collector and something He's wrong. a hershe exasperated with him and was

self because she had meant to be so Anne remembered the pile of dog's- knows all about books."

businesslike. It was a poor beginning eared primers and spellers and readers

to have as a visitor this strange person she had carried into the rear room.

who frankly said he meant to be a read- "I'll bring them out for you,"she told Oo Anne used her evenings exher trade customer, and Cook's books and soon spread out a lot amining Miss her twin buyer. Wouldn'ter—not a business. journals. him. her before must learn of them Shebrother, William, it a have thought

joke! "Anything new?"asked the old She studied first editions; she found that

gentleman. old volumes of Thoreau, Burroughs,

B,Jack to work she went, but "Why, yes,"said Anne. "Here are Lowell, and Hearn were so amazingly

the flying dust failed to rout her visitor. a couple I just priced."She had found expensive that they were almost imHe merely sneezed and read on and on. them upstairs still unpacked. possible to pick up at auctions.

50 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA August was proving much more Anne nodded. Her pocketbook held "Five and a quarter,"said the

profitable than June or July. Miss ten dollars. stranger. Anne dropped back; she did

Cook's old friends came in; they liked "See here,"proposed the stranger, not raise her bid. She saw the aucAnne's eager interest and rather ostenleaning closer than was necessary, tioneer's clerk hand the books to the

tatious use of bookseller's terms that she "What'U you give me not to bid on that highest bidder.

had picked up. lot? Nobody else knows what it's As the auction continued, Edward

"Don't let stocks get too low,"one worth. You can get that book for fifty Rice, of all people, was bidding against

friendly customer said to Anne one day. cents, I'll wager."the strange book buyer. His devices for

"You have not purchased much this "And are you not bidding?"asked keeping track of the bidding diverted

year."Anne. the crowd and exasperated the stranger.

"I haven't,"said Anne. "I don't know "There are some items here I want in Edward never quite bought a thing,

yet what items to buy or where to find a few of these odd lots,"the man lowbut he always stopped just under the them."ered his voice. "Nothing much, but I stranger's top bid. The stranger was

getting in sale a the humor. bad is of dispose them. unusualcan This When an buying. "Learn Almost any farmby his over, into he a books dumped ly bid was auction. don't Suppose good you sale includes books.house There

off. station and drove wagon lots five eight against and and on me auctions. ofsoon a be number Whywill I "Don't so I'll have know had when this nine, bid against then not you trydon't buying on judgment you on fun,"laughed much Edward. was item. lot the He with Pickwick Papers on We lots?"the ofsome ear. grinning like to from ear is "It was will the divide over."auction when

Anne was impressed with the advice, "I did not come here for that sort of a guessing game, and I guessed right and when the next week she heard of bidding,"said Anne, shortly. every time."

village,an auction in the she shut up "What were you doing?"asked Anne word! not? They can't "My Why

tellingshop, without sitter daily her decidedly. it."anything about do

it. villageabout small The aucwas and thing that tried to do,""Same man disgusted. walked Anne awaytions it really social were events; blithely. he answered guessed "Only he

I'll then; well, bid Pickon "Very to half thatseemed the Anne had town wrong. thought than you'd pay He more stranger. the said myself,"Papers wick it.turned out to attend Rice Edward five lot, dollars for that he then but

was there, too! He spied Anne and had to take them and pay for his poor

came up to her and said, "If you have 1 HE auctioneer was now beguess. What was it you wanted in the

to buy, forcome ought to look you out personage important was lot?"ginning—that dealerBrown. He's a from Dalton, and "Pickwick Papers,"said Anne. the time he had moved in fine spirits. By

he's tricky. Miss Cook never had anyover to the books, Anne had laid her "Lucky for you you didn't get them.

thing to do with him."plans. She meant to get lot number one That copy had several pictures missing.

Anne was tired of hearing about Miss with the Pickwick Papers if it took her I looked through all the books this

Cook's wisdom. There were ten piles last cent. Then, for all that, that other morning."

of books stacked up. Anne looked them dealer might have all the others. "So he got an imperfect copy?"asked

over; she found it hard to get an idea She saw at once that she had not folAnne.

"Iof hesitated said wouldn't to worry,"untie them and Edward. the lowed advice. stranger Edward's The

itbundles. well mutilated. of enough a set There knew "He was was Waverly talked to the she had of bookdealer was

that opening she him the books on; decided beforeNovels to bid you I saw It her. he too had warned was whom

it.there came. quite for never to meant she a them, demand was He He buy late to the mistake remedy now. She

learned. to nigh."only thehad wanted other you on make pay A man high. to bid have side would

table theof don't up spoke want "You felt told humble Anne Then him and of ten one "Lot fine books,"number is editionthem; the good."no: of the her encounter buyer. with book the chanted. auctioneer one "Number

Anne glanced at him quickly. Then books, all of 'em. What'm I offered?""Well, you will learn,"said Edward.

he "I see a come added casually: around to the back of the fine copy "Now

with like. "One dollar,"said Anne promptly. house me."of Pickwick might Papers that you

I don't pay much attention to Dickens, "One dollar,"roared the auctioneer. On the outside cellar steps was an

but I'll make a bid—a small one."The thin hand of the stranger went old bushel basket piled high with rare

Back in Anne's shop was a very deup: "Make it two."old books. "They were going to burn

sirable set of Dickens. When all the "Two twentyfive,"said Anne. them,"explained her adviser.

volumes were there it would be worth "Am I offered three dollars for this The basket held treasures. There

many dollars; she lacked Pickwick pile of books?"asked the auctioneer. were primers of the eighteenth century;

Papers. She began to feel interested. "Let me see—one family book on medispelling books that had been printed on

Anne had been a schoolteacher—now she was a bookdealer—

but she was to becomebut that would awe the dtom awau I

"How I wish I dared look through those cine, one Cook's poems, one volume of remote presses; old histories with woodbooks!"Dickens and others too numerous to cuts of country towns in New York and

"See here,"said the stranger, "You mention. Now, who the dickens will Pennsylvania and Virginia when those

are the new owner of Miss Cook's shop, make it three?"states were partly wilderness. Anne's

aren't you? Did she ever complete her "Three,"said Anne. eyes fairly shone.

set of Dickens?""Four,"shouted the man in the rear. "Won't they take the eye of your old

The crowd chuckled. gentleman when he comes back,"asked

"Did she tell you about it?"asked "Make it five,"shouted the aucEdward.

this item."eagerly. it needsAnne "No; tioneer. will they want for these?""What

if she she next wondered momentThe Anne. "Five,"said Anne hopefully. asked

had been tactful. She dismissed the "Five I have—-""Well, Mr. Taylor said he did not

thought. By this time the stranger had walked want them in the auction because they

"Lucky you!"said the man not dropclose to Anne and was studying her were too old and musty. He did not

ping the subject. "That set is worth a closely. want to burn them, either. I told him

neat sum today. You bid high on this "Five and a quarter,"said the aucyou would give him five dollars for the

when it comes up."tioneer. (Concluded on page 52)

JANUARY, 1946 51

WOMEN'S WORK (Concluded from page 23) words. She would have to find what burned. Those afternoon hours plodblame her for this. He would never see they ate. ding from door to door were another

that it had nothing to do with her selling "I'm going in to talk to Tom,"she existence. The journey through the

the quilts. said. snow was a lifetime ago.

"It's like when you ate too much Joe scarcely heard her. He was

green corn last summer,"Joe replied watching the pigs critically. "Some "Ridnight passed and the pigs still

grimly. "Only we had the doctor for people give painkiller or paregoric,"lived. At two o'clock Joe said,

you, and he gave you medicine. We he said as though half to himself. "But "One more feeding, and we'll call it a

can't get the vet in this storm."I hate to dope my hogs."night."

"What would he do if he came?"Sarah left the barn. The children The pigs grunted and shoved as they

Sarah asked. "Can't you do it?"were undressing for bed, making a lapped up the last in the trough. Spotty

"Those pigs are doomed,"Joe said. quick job of it because the second floor tried to crowd the red pig aside, but this

"There's one thing we can try—and was cold. She sat down on Tom's time he seemed to have strength enough

that's pap."bed. to hold his own.

He went to the kitchen cabinet and "Tom,"she asked, "did you feed the Sarah scarcely dared breathe. Joe

began measuring flour and then brought pigs lately?"was gripping the pen tightly and leanmorning's milk from the cellarway. "Not today,"he answered. "Are ing all his weight on it. They saw the

"There'll be no hams, no bacon, no they bad, Mom?"red pig suddenly push Lily and plant

shoulders,"he said. Sarah was silent. She nodded. "Think, Tom. What two feet firmly in the trough. Two pigs

Discouraged, his head. she He shook The on some straw. sausage, lard, canned down sleepilyhadn't—scrapple,Her mind went on naming things Joe about yesterday?"lumbered off to the corner and sank night kissed him good and went to the others grunted discontent at the emptypork.

"How do they look?"she managed to kitchen. She stood there staring unseetrough and turned to look at Sarah and

ask. ingly at the table when suddenly her Joe.

"They look,"he emphasized, "bad!"eyes focused on a plate of apples she "Sounds natural,"Joe said, his voice

Then added, "They're weak in the back had put on the table this morning. husky.

legs and kind of mopey already.""Tom,"she called up the stairway. They left the barn together, Joe helphalf-barrel that did you dump "Where ing deep. the Sarah Sarah where you,"with snow out was "I'm coming

I rid to get of rotten apples asked you for upstairs hastily going him,told "I sleep the round,"clock could of?"herto saying clothes. kept Sheheavy said. Sarah Litter silence her answer. gave Sarah quilt the of isn'tself, because money "It "I learned something,"hope you Joe it replied, in the "I dumped Then Tom with the isn't."to out barn Going replied. can't things—it go "Some you it?"that pigpens, do Did Mom. they could have she asked, "WhatJoe against."mind. have, "It You'll but never musteaten?"

better time."learn "I did annext something,"she know

"I don't know,"he answered. "I re- "I smiling. in the barn next she told Joe, but he swered Back won't worry

member Dad's pigs got scourers from paid little attention. time you're upset because one of the

eating green apples in the orchard one "It doesn't matter,"he said. "If it fruit trees is in bloom out of season, or

spring, but ours can't get out."hadn't been the pigs, it would have been because a sheep strayed into the

something else."churchyard! And in the spring I'll

after plowing the barn reachedThey plant the worrying without about said vehemently, Sarah "those "Joe,". Sarah and snow, the heavy through moon!"I aren't to pigs just going die because

the neared they breath herheld when quilts. live his the sold They'll and madness. at such shook head be Joe my

pens. is living foolthat superstition proof for the fix the stove her watched He it,""but explained, five "All have Joe ish."night.

the red one's the worst."

The black and white one which the Joe said nothing, and they took their "And, Joe,"she added as they went children called Spotty looked pretty places on the stools again. Each hour upstairs, "after the plow comes through

as the too. She watchedweak pigs TenJoe returnedo'clock. toEleventhe houseo'clock.for moreShe pap.was We'reI'm goinggoingto townto putwithmoretwo trustmore quilts.in the greedy Their usual the mixture.lapped

grunting was missing. ready to drop from weariness. Her eyes Almighty!"

"How long does it take for the pap to work?"she asked.

"We'll know before the night's over,"he said. against the pen and closed ENTERTAINING ANGELS UNAWARES She leaned

her eyes. Even with them closed she

could still see the pigs. And pork was ( Concluded from page 5 1 stutter, and I am just an old man with

bringing sixteen cents a pound. lot, maybe. You don't have to pay him poor hearing. But I like to have friends

that I'll if are all interesting strong like can't. and at you, carry once them you stools, they milking and brought Joe I if it is help can and greatest to the for them shop you."my other. to Sarah each closesat on them pleasure.""I'll this said minute,"take them in hand. her chin Time hercupped remorseful in There a lump was Anne. Bella could hear by. Theycrawled throat, distinctly Anne's but she spoke quite capable of as stanchion Though in and and was Anne herbreathing now that so could not miss he a word. "We the stall. carrying the old man, as he in books her stamped Dollythen friends!"said. are is she "Here my off, armful shoutpicked and an up was last. can't at said "You Sarah "Joe,"it."hand on

"I'll right ing: for others."the be back quilts. selling the forblame me We She grasped Edward's hand awkward

needed the money so badly. This When they reached the shop, Anne and gave him a smile of understanding

trouble with the pigs hasn't anything to asked: "Why did you not buy these gratitude. Thus disappeared Anne\s

do with that. They must have eaten books yourself? You would have made pest, and in his place appeared her parsomething other than their regular a neat sum."ticular adviser and friend. Anne's shop

feed.""Why should I want to deal in books made expenses that year. And that

"Something was bound to happen,"so long as you let me read all I want night Anne wrote home: "No one can

he insisted. at the shop? Besides,"he said diffidentever again tell me that angels do not

There was no convincing him with ly, "I can't do things like other folks. I come unawares."

52 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

(Concluded from page 31 Northern States: Doris Elsie Brian, OgTexas: Harriet Elizabeth Dale, Salt Lake

Logan First Ward, Logan Stake, Wilden, Utah; Charles William Brown, FairCity; Bertha Elizabeth Hiatt, Plain City,

helm Pedersen succeeds Henry R. Cooper. view, Wyoming; Ernest Frank Charles Utah; Parley Parker Butterfield, Riverton,

Bennington Ward, Montpelier Stake, Demke, Salt Lake City; Meta Zigahn Utah.

James A. A. Crane succeeds Clarence L. Demke, Salt Lake City; Drucilla Fenn, BenWestern States: Mrs. Lula B. Carson,

Wright. son, Arizona; Sarah Catherine Holley, Venice, Utah.

Idaho; Montague, Thornton, Nampa, Donna Stake, Ward, Mt. Emmons Moon Lake September

Salt Redford, Lloyd Lake Idaho; Thomas F. succeedsWilliam R. Evans Walter

Kersiek. City; Nelma Tolman, Bountiful, Utah. Central States: Niels Martian Lund,

Bear River Ward, North Box Elder Northwestern States: Iris Fern Hamilton, Fountain Green, Utah; Myrum E. D. Lund,

Stake, Vernon L. Johnson succeeds Charles Salt Lake City. Fountain Green, Utah; Mary Ann Hancock

Checketts. Texas: Elaine Dredge, Malad, Idaho; Jones, Ogden, Utah; William Squire Jones,

Burbank Ward, San Fernando Stake, Maggie Mae H. Fletcher, Springville, Utah; Ogden, Utah; Norma Jones, Salt Lake City;

City. Pay, Elizabeth Salt Lake Helen Nephi, Utah. D. Hall,Robert Roy Duke succeeds Russell F. Brent

Nephi, Bowles, States: Catherine Eastern States: Southern Helen Bay, Salt LakeDailey.

Heber Ward, Snowflake Stake, Wilmer City; Emma Fannie W. Bryan, Tooele, Utah; Waltrout Gleue, Salt Lake City;

Utah; Clara DeOgden, Murphy, Marvel C. Tooele, Utah; Bryan, Utah; Esther John Porter succeeds Donald G. Crandell.W.

City. Salt Stevenson, Lake Violet Idaho; P. lores Malad, D. William Camp, Stake, Second Ward, Midway Wasatch

Charles States: M. MauEngland New Idaho; Jr., Linden Aaron Malad Camp, succeedsJoseph Jorgensen Huber. Alma

California; rer, Ethel D. Oakland, W. Fairview, Z. Utah; Cheney, Bromwell Cox,

California. Maurer, Oakland, California; Manning, Eliza R.Missionaries Released Oakland, States: Charles C. Allred, Northern Farmington, C. Manning, Utah; George

Eklund, E. Eldon Washington; Olympia, 1944 December S. Farmington, Utah, Achsah McOmber,

Hiatt, Salem, City; G. Salt Maurine Lake Pocatello, Idaho; Calvin Po- D. McOmber, T. Canadian: David Willard, Edwards, Utah; Glen Sandy, C. Lindell, Utah; Molly catello, Idaho; B. Peterson, Ellen Fairview,Utah.

Phelps Esther Utah; Logan, L. Mehr, Peterson, Fairview, Peter Utah; Lewis Utah;

: Central States Knight, East Martin Mark Arizona. Mesa, Whatcott, Louise C. Vickers, Emily Nephi, Utah;Ogden, Utah; Knight, Sarah Rosett Y. OgFre- Tanner, California: Hilma Northern Vickers, Nephi, William Utah. Thomasden, Utah. Utah. mont, Phileon SpanishAmerican: Benjamin Salt Biesinger, Jennie SpanishAmerican: Fred TexasLouisiana: C. J. Adams, OgBoise, Robinson, Idaho.

Salt Biesinger,den, City; Kropf Utah; Gaisford, Berkeley, David Thomas Lake M. I. Wesrern Canadian: Afton Bromley

California. City. Lake Miller, Alberta, Edmonton, Canada; Walter Salt Taylor, States: Lake June Western Gertrude Texas: Baker, U. Ogden, Utah; Miller, Alberta, Edmonton, Canada; WilCity. Baker,Mavis Ogden, Christine Utah; liam J. Roberts, Alberta, Woolford, Wallace

Ellefsen, Salt Lake City; Elias Ellefsen, Salt Canada. Excommunications City.Lake Western States: William Francis Moss,

Western States: Clifford James Bell, Salt Driggs, Idaho; Janie Graham M. Moss, Edward Morris Norvell, born July 30,

Lake City; Oneta Johanna Hansen, Moroni, Driggs, Idaho; Leendert Versluis, Salt Lake 1895; no priesthood. Excommunicated

Utah. City; Lula Fox, Springville, Utah; Lorene K. October 21, 1945, in Mesquite Ward,

Hoff, Los Angeles, California; James C. Moapa Stake.

May White, Susanville, California; Sam Jefferson Horace Clayton, born October 27, 1890:

10, Black, Excommunicated Phoenix, priesthood. Arizona. May no

: Argentine Delbert Harris, Junior Layton, Ward, in Twentysecond 1945, OgdenUtah; Charles Donald Salt Hughes, Lake August Stake. WeberCity; Huish, Jack Douglas, Lamar Arizona; 19, Salt born Meyerhoffer, Clayton, California: November Albert G. Ida MayOstler Jenkins, California; Diego, San Hugo in 10, 1945, City. 1890. Lake Excommunicated May Russell Kerr,George CaliforAngeles, Los States: P. Eastern Twentysecond Ward, Hennessy, Weber Valmai Ogdennia; Robert Riggs Salt City; McKay, Lake Price, Virginia Salt Utah; Stake. Ogden, LakeEldred Carlyle Olsen, Provo, Utah; Grant 20, April born City; Elaine City. Stendhl Salt Swanson, Richards, Lake EdlaRicks City, Thomas, Sugar Utah. 1945, 25, October Bernice 1866. Central States: Excommunicated East Bingham,

California: Albert William Harrison, Ogden, Utah. in Hollywood Ward, Los Angeles Stake.

Rupert, Idaho. 22, 1896, Palmer, born November Lincoln New England: Lizzie T. Horsley, Oqden,

4, November seventy. Excommunicated a Central States: Edward Addison Everett, Utah.

Stake. Oakland in PittsburgSt. 1945, Ward, George, Utah. Silas Central States: Bushman, A. North 1903. 6, September born Bessie Andrew, States: Central Keiser, East Samuel Sr., Salt City; Riverton, Turner, Lake LaRee in 11, 1945, November Excommunicated,Salt City; Mrs. Hall, Lake Rice Maxine Salt Utah; Marjorie Yeates, Elizabeth Lake Stake. First Union Ward, LaGrandeParker, Idaho; Mable PresWinn, Mecham City; Falls, Stucki, Idaho Verona Amy 18, born Doherty, December Arlene Ruthton, Idaho; Heber Preston, Ephraim Winn, Idaho; CaliBaldwin, Sacramento, Norma 3, 1943, 1924. December ExcommunicatedIdaho. fornia. Mission. England in Branch, Bangor New

States: Eastern Glade Colton, Salt Byron States: Vilate Northern Evelyn Abraham, 18, April born Gardner, Fitzgerald Ivan

Lake City. Kanosh, Utah. 1905, deacon. Excommunicated October 28,

New England: Joseph Smith Wilson, San Southern States: Idella Smith White, 1945, in West Jordan Ward, West Jordan

Diego, California. Clearfield, Utah. Stake.

COLONIAL HEIGHTS WARD CHOIR, PORTLAND STAKE

The choir of Colonial Heights Ward, Portland Stake, keeps two objectives always before it; the one: "Service to the Church,"and the other: "Enjoyment of

one another's company."These two objectives are sufficient to guarantee the success of any ward choir. This is the modest report of William T. Geurts, director

of the choir.

Vera D. Riggs is organist; W. W. Hardy, choir president; William Powell, secretary; Flossie Painter, librarian; LaVaun Halton, attendance officer. Scott H.

Partridge is the appreciative bishop of the ward.—A. Schreiner,

JANUARY, 1946 53 LOOKING FORWARD (Concluded from page 18) limited. It could be successful only on chusetts. Further research by others

other minister writing in the Christian the lowest level of intelligence. It comfollowing up Dr. Thorndike 's report

Century* What their concept of spirprises beliefs almost incredibly absurd; has disclosed something of the bearing

itual values did not say. they was it They doctrines tried to include all the imbecile of on these facts had by 8 the fine the of the organizationconceded that from its with Church. dreams were contemporary the Mormon Men

Church, its high birth rate, its proselytits rise, and every metaphysical, theoranks who have achieved distinction ing spirit, its intense loyalties, the great logical, and liturgical insanity of that have freely given credit to such teachbrotherhood spirit it develops, its properiod. It epitomized, said he, the reings as the doctrine of eternal progress,

vision for wholesome supervised recligious nonsense of a full half century. "The glory of God is intelligence,"

its forreation young gains faster than he concluded: is saved he no asThen "Man

it spiritual lacksserted values.people—yet the the truth knowledge,"and "Know

reflects its origin perfectly Mormonism their have would comment shall that free,"What truth and you make the It originated authorship. and amongbeen, the they benefit of the is, had had beautiful concept, "As man now God illiterate of the frontier; offscourings it has

research of Dr. T. T. Brumbaugh of been recruited always from the ignorant once was; as God is, man may be."

the Wesley Foundation (student) of and bankrupt; its growth must continue to

selflimit- doctrines thosethe into sound Episcopal Methodist Church them. Church come from The True

largerthe subject in of religious ever education the cannot be proportionately... the as though they sound Do than Y) ing?

universities and colleges of some twenit is today. [Italics author's.] forward thrust given at the outset is

tytwo states? Results of that research dying out?

were not available, however, until 1938 HThose are rather strong words. If the The onward march of events is supwhen they were published in the Chrisobservation was correct as to the plying the answers to those questions.

titletian the Century under while "Mormons to 1940, In the from 1930 decade source the origin and of Mormonism 8 is increasing an excerpt Here nation's the Way."populationShow was in the correct also of its recruits, and was

from Dr. Brumbaugh: conceding to Mormons a conspicuous- 7.2 percent and churches generally

little holding than but averaged more civic virtues that gives for ness the... Unfortunately, denominational many their at 7.86 percent, some and own the high Ameristandard above a themgroups, national both not and local, have of the lost ground, actually Church doccan average, can how Mormon association lesson others of thelearned with

of kindred spirit in the common cause of trines be so ridiculous, insane, so imJesus Christ of Latterday Saints grew combating materialism and greed with united becile, so incredibly absurd? 14.7 percent or nearly double the naif the increase; population and tional spiritualstress values moral good. and on acso over not concerned an I am

this, realizing theIn to of importance edu1930 period from fourteenyear the that cusation membership Church in far are placescators in advance many its considered, growth was 1944 be of humanity, the dregs even from came religious leaders. stateof In university one thirtyfour or to 937,050, 700,000 from it the untrue. though be Remember that authorities the though campus I found percent. the Lincoln to the immortal of words colto willing grant recognitionwere and these It is true, of as comsome hisfor Bible, credit inlege the courses effect church that loved must have God peoyoung have said, manytory, religious philosophy, the and Methof mentators so he people; many made common

the leaving East ple have been Utah for odists, Presbyterians, Protestant and other Recall, too, Christ that the them. Jesus

coast; but as get could not Pacific a united together thegroups not for on and is It in stable. imnot so born a wasplan. surprise, therefore, the Great was disintegraloss infer, to the and they this other or portant any Church where it that the found Latterday waswhen people young the tion of These Church. it its is recruits members, church butSaints university's the requirements had met carrying with them and are Mormonism it for those important does what memin basic presentation nonsectarian of and a

it. preSmith as spreading Just Joseph recruited. are spiritual after interpretation the Bible bers of the and they

estabbeing are of stakes dicted, Zion life, instarting of courses such were and it is if lifting least the of capable And everywhere. lished strengthened and struction in teachers under competent the far the of so humanity American above

... Taft us today center. Ezra local with student have Mormon We is least at that average, not proof some left his those of Benson, one who this as Lest of taken be unan example

its of of doctrines? the soundness

it is in desirable aggressiveness, search years well of ago a Mormon number home to parenthetically that rethere add is no to Berkopportunity. of removed He their fruits. them by shall know Ye Do

alert, ligious today body in America more graduate of thorns, California, eley, gather of grapes or figs work to do men fieldprogressive, in of the cooperative and thistles? 7:16.) abili- (Matthew his time, In university. at due the

religious in education centers than academic called ties recognized, and he was were the Saints. Latterday selfshould doctrines be And why secretary the general to as Washington

If limiting? for the man, good common of Farmers Council National the of said: Bernard DeVoto of not they should be some worth why mingling There, Cooperatives. and

intelligentsia? socalled of to the What it is longer experiment; an no Today n great, yet nation's the he with working of L. the researches Dr. is Edward solidly established spectacularly and his served for Church, and time had

it is profitable. into in society, University of Thorndike Columbia As a many ways

first of the president the Washingas live admirable. in together greatMormons origins science of of the American men tempting the then, with Stake. ton And er the majority than of peace Americans. distinction, achieved have and who in the business riches opportunities of all are civic for the virconspicuousThey generally of Americans have who call at grasp, of the his tues. In within health, world elementary community distinction. achieved Thorndike Dr. education, savings, bank of ownership his turned his them he back on Church,

of the state that discovery the made free land of capita encumbrance, per the of service Master. the to take up

at time the population Utah, whose wealth, infrequency infantidivorce of and Yes, Nonsensical? Absurd? by

investigation seventyfive cide, under of against crimes or persons was and insane, perstandards, worldly even all will these things find entire nation percent led the you Mormon, property—in is the that has haps. 7 But what made the standard higher considerably Mormon sciin categories. In both producing

is forward. what That world move Statistically, than the average. American entific distinction of was Utah men is the that does; is Mormonism why success. overwhelming Mormonism an the national average than double more

is it is impressive, grows. what whole. has more and a ChurchAnd grown

its thirty nearest percent and above... Saints form The with a community

recognized objectives in the realization of competitor. In producing men of genFor Zion must increase in beauty, and

which every member has an active part.6 eral achievement as measured by those in holiness; her borders must be enlarged;

verily, yea, strengthened; stakes her be must it listed in the American Who's Who,

arise put must and on you, Zion unto I say then things these asked bewhy, again the national average doubled He and beautiful (D. 82:14.) garments. her & C. true, ing its not had swept Mormonism nearpercent twentytwo above the was at the delivered address an comFrom (Note:

land. he, it is selfBecause, answered est competitor, tenth anniversary.) blueblooded Stake's of MassaOakland memoration

sChristian Century, April 20, 1938 1Science News Letter, August 31, 1940; Scientific 8"Men of Science,"Improvement Era, p. 76, Feb6American Mercury, January 1930 Monthly, May 1943 ruary 1944

54 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Are You Ready ( Concluded from page 25 Train today for tomorrow's very tired, at first, but with home cooking, good sunshine and rest, youth healsrapidly. * OPPORTUNITY

In a few days she mentioned that she i0ioafjiM\ L. D. S. business training will help you qualhad hoped to get a certain walk in by \\WmlMQi) ify for industrial and government positions.

fall so that the rain wouldn't make so New students may register at any time for just request, not or a hint; typewriting, accounting, a mud;much and gen-,cm shorthand, later one of couple statement. daysa A eral office work, tee*Schoolof the she had asked where boys Qr call for in formation. Write

planned on getting the cement for the Day and evening Investigate our course in machine shorthand charge that she told classes. him had awalk. Approved She * m

vetertraining for said at yard. the m lumberaccount He I J Jj

no more, but next day he brought the i little car, in his motherscement home COLLEGE j"ir BUSINESS the night prepared he hadand by City 1, Utah 70 North Main—Salt Lake

for the the formsground and made MAIL THIS COUPON——- - questions. didn't askwalk. She At S—L. D. S. Business College

dinner he told her that he had expected 70 North Main, Salt Lake City 1, Utah her to be out telling him how to run Please tell me about your day or evening classes; tuition rates Q"employment service; living arrangements for outof-town students to it. Shethe make wide and walk how School Graduate High better job Remarks:replied could that a he do or Graduate Student CoUege.. that find she relieved she. tothan Thus Name Veteran

his job and pride uponlooked with still Address... D Mature,GraduatenonHigh School it of doingthought by himhim capable

self, his pride did not enter into it when he asked her how high above the lawn she wanted the walk. Again she simply

gave information about the amount of water that ran by during a rain and left the rest up to him.

"Dqually skilful, she waited for the *—* other to step back into normal life

again. She welcomed and opened her

heart and home to the two new wivesthat her boys brought. She compliuakedto a

mented them on their choice and tried very hard to let the girls know that it was real love that she had for them.

The result? The two brothers pooledtheir savings and bought a farm and are special recipeIP

bending every energy to getting homes built on it, and the community has two 9 very fine new families. The mother has

little stars in her eyes because her boys have become men and want to be near her. The community has gained more

fine citizens.

Recently I visited the farm, and, while one of them showed me where he was going to plant this crop or that crop, I noticed that he overlooked one piece of flat land. I asked him what he was FRESH EVERY DAY

there to plant going he replied, and all the AT YOUR GROCERS is firm place That "Oh that? year round. That is to be our landing Royal Baking Co.—Salt Lake and Ogden

field. We're buying a plane to fly berries and such things to market while

they are still fresh."

Your son has become a man. He is

no longer a child. Respect him, and he

will turn to you for advice. He still has

as to learn. him Treat you would much

respect but Your cleaning any other you man whom without ceasing to show your affection for him. PARtner!

The Quality Soap for PARticular Housewives flftWVWMffW

JANUARY, 1946 55

TEACHING THE DEAF

( Concluded /rom page 24 the Church. Of this number about

cess so far. The last one, an outing twentyfive or more couples have been

marking the twentyfifth anniversary, married in the temple. A few others

was a great success with over two have received their own endowments.

hundred in attendance. At this outing Many others who have married in theAND DRINKS Elder Richard L. Evans, of the First temple have moved out of the state

representing of Seventy, the Council gainfully are employed. they the where

that, in believe large measWe to the Authorities, spoke more General ure, drinks, eats as a and man for desire far the as so conclusion, Tn present. persons hundred than two is food, he. so nature For has the is conlearning deaf religious by the of Tenth Bishop Holger M. Larsen, fruits of the given us sun and to willing are ready and cerned, they representing Dr. spoke, also Ward, soil. treaspriceless are These

ures, conducive to health of John A. Widtsoe of the Council of the absorb all that is offered them. What

body and mind. Besides these, Twelve, who has charge of Church acthey need most now is the privilege of

we need no stimulants. tivities for the deaf. On November 3, a having a fully organized branch with

You who agree, will be intersuccessful bazaar was held in which all its Church auxiliaries, and the necesested in a delicious drink that many worthwhile articles of clothing, sary facilities for holding the various is made from grain and fruit. household necessities, toys for Christmeetings, parties, recreational activities,

And this delightful, wholesome mas, etc., all made by deaf people, etc., but before this can be realized a

beverage contains no caffeine, were sold. chapel and amusement hall will need to

other stimulants, or narcotics. At the present time the membership be built, and it is for these that all the

FICGO is known to millions of in the Sunday School class rolls stands deaf people of the Salt Lake valley are people who think sanely about at sixtyfour. There are about one hunworking and praying.

It is drink. food and made in Salt thirtyfive people deaf Lake of dred. are art Father; our thou Lord, we.. O treeripened barley roasted and

its eightyall are suburbs. potter; City About thou and and the our clay and we It figs. is to California a boon

( Isaiah 64: 8. hand. of thy are of the works these of percent three members noncoffee drinkers admitwho

tedly, and rightly, enjoy a wholesome hot drink with their meals. can Wholesome FICGO a TRIBE OF VERY MUCH WIND as be freely recommended

healthful drink for the whole (Continued from page 17) army horses—and the boys added skill

family. My "Indians"never did anything by in horsemanship to the long list of their

LEONARD H. BALLIF. President halves,Universityand tennissoon wecourts,were invadingat daylight,the accomplishments.they couldn't do? Was there anything

California Ficgo Company two or three times a week. How rapidAt last our joyous summer was over,

Los Angeles, California ly they developed skill and speed. Of and what a wealth of gifts, both physicourse, a tennis tournament was inevical and spiritual, our good times totable, which ended in a brilliant, evenlygether had brought us. What an inmatched championship game, one beauspiration the boys had been to me, with

tiful morning in August. And when it their spontaneous enthusiasm, their

was over, one of the youngest boys in good sportsmanship, and their clean the class was our tennis champion. And habits. Never had questionable lanonly I, knew that the older boy who guage or discourtesy marred the spirit

having was defeated—after Until Our

the beginning of since the season—hadled the field of our happy association.

of winter had the first snows fter by the spontanechampionship the Boys Are lost trails, favorite our blanketed I wonsacrifice of a doubtful ous point, in A opponent; with "Indians"his would do but dered younger what of favor my... Home

after all characteristic energy. their surplus Then, sportsmanship was good only travel please night, "Indian"party attending one "Indians."an my necof absolutely when

as presided hostess at tennis tournament the had was over, which After my Transportation essary.

and hotel facilities in we turned our attention to the advenNokomis, I had an inspiration. My pals

the West are still ture which was to climax our summer had been such good "Indians"all sumwith party. men crowded attend an Indian trip to Sunday mer, give them I would

from coming home the to plan delay, in Big I began Cottonwood Without the activities—aSchool at Brighton,

travPacific. But when details. evening, working one been whole For boys had we canyon. The

is necessary, el make tribe, all trip and had this and I would summer, be an "Indian"for faithwould reservations hotel your it. familiar the hold course enjoy Nokomis. fully would earned be Of we To in and well advance

cancel those you don't exercises of the Sunday School, in the a tribal council, with suitable cereneed. Thank youl picturesque setting of the rustic Mutual monies, during which each of them

home, high in the mountaintops, was a would be given an Indian name. My

Hotel hallowedus, when someexperience,of our madeboys wereperfectaskedfor limitedonly knowledgeto school dayof memoriesIndian loreof Longwas

Temple to assist with the sacrament just as they fellow's "Hiawatha,"and similar

Square dideventfulat home.day, I Butlike bestwhento I rememberrecall thata stories.dozen IndianBut surelynames whichI couldwouldthink serveof a

Clarence L. West, Mgr. quiet hour of Sabbath inspiration with my purpose for one evening. So almy "Indians,"out in the open with a sumost at random, I made my list.

perb panorama of scenic beauty surCooper's Last of the Mohicans sugrounding us. It was there that I first gested the name of "Hawkeye,"which

told them the real story of the tennis I assigned to one of the most enthuchampionship game. Did I just imagine siastic of our adventurers. For our

allJ? that the surpassing beauty of the scene youthful tennis champion, the name

made the story more impressive? "Little Warrior"was remotely suggesThere was still time for one more tive. Our tennis tournament hero besummer adventure after that. Through came "Firebrand"for no better reason

a friend, who belonged to the National than that his hair was red. Then other

Guard, we were allowed to use some names, such as Red Feather, Lone Pine, 56 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Grey Owl, were assigned to other memsoon, a strange new, befeathered Indian night air rang out with the war whoops bers of the class, for no special reason tribe began to prance, to the lively acof a dozen "Indian braves,"as they at all. As for the name of the tribe, I companiment of their chant. escorted Nokomis on breathtaking

would borrow that from the friend who And for the rest of the evening, there flights down a snowcovered coastinghad given me the party idea—"The was no more silence or solemnity! hill not far away.

Tribe of Very Much Wind."With characteristic wild Indian hilariSo the "Indian party"ended with a

With my list of Indian names comty, they roasted their wiener "deer thrilling finale. But the "Indian tribe"

plete, I turned my attention to Indian meat"under the "redhot, glowing"which was born that night, the tribe costumes. Nokomis would need an Incoils of an electric broiler, and no veniwhich had been conceived so lightly,

dian blanket and a feather headdress, son was ever consumed with greater for one evening of fun, refused to die.

and she needed feathers and war paint relish. All through the years since then, its

for each member of the tribe. I had a Then, with their usual resourcefullegend has lived in the hearts of its

blanket with a colorful Indian design ness, those "Indian warriors"took members, binding them together with which I could use, and lipstick would charge of the affairs for the rest of the everlasting ties of friendship and serve as war paint. Then I secured evening, promptly discarding plans for loyalty.

some chicken feathers from a poultry indoor activities, and soon the frosty (To be continued) dealer, which I sewed to red calico head bands, and my costumes were ready.

But when I began to plan the "tribal council,"my imagination ran wild. The

more surprise, mystery, and suspense I could introduce, the more my "Indians"Industrial Tractors and Engines would love it. Of course my own home Mowers Brooms of Loaders Snow Plowswould become the "Wigwam

Nokomis,"but that would be a surprise.

I would send them on a long trail to find it, guided by mysterious messages they would find along the way. When they

finally found it, Nokomis would be ready to receive them in tribal council, and would wait in solemn silence forthem to take their places. So I prepared faitplace cards, by which they would find 'O ZENS of "Caternam

their places, and learn their Indiannames. Last of all, I wrote some mesanew

sages for Nokomis. pillar"Diesel owners a{

"Rinally the day arrived, a clear, CATERPILLAR"frosty evening in late November. have told us they -won't

the all assembled, boys wereWhen t&t bursting curiosity almost with about the give up their present surprise they been promised, they had were given in the following:

Old Nokomis sends this message, machines until they can

To the Tribe of Very Much Wind!

those from yeChoose among you, now to chieftain; wish be yourOne you get a new "Caterpillar11 "

He will lead you on your journey

To the Wigwam of Nokomis.

in tribal you'llThere meet council Diesel. That's why we friendly the Nokomis, OldWith

There you'll learn the tribal secrets tribal the symbols.And receive

you'll the roastThere tender deer meat have a bank of back

From your last successful deer hunt, the redhot embers,O'er glowing will ready. orders for delivery. Bethave NokomisWhich

There the tribe will all make merry

Feasting on the roasted deer meat,

Having many other good things ter get yours in now!

To refresh the tired warriors.

Meanwhile will your paleface teacher

Haste away to join you yonder At the Wigwam of Nokomis.

A chieftain was soon appointed, who was given the first of the messages which would guide them on their trail.

Then away they went, and never did a band of Indian pathfinders follow a trail with greater ease and dispatch!When they reached the end of the trail, ROBISO

and found a strangely familiar, blanketed Nokomis solemnly waiting for 245 WES*'SOUTH TfMPLE STREET - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH them, they promptly accepted their own roles, and found their places in silence.

in turn to his each one answeredThen knelt before name, and C A T E H PI LLAR DIISI1new Indian

Nokomis to be decorated with war -ISt ENGINES TRACTORS MOTOR GRADERS EARTHMOVING EQUIPMENT paint and feathers. Then they learned

the tribal chant, and Indian dance, and

JANUARY, 1946 57 Here's How to Tell SOUTHGATE WARD, LOS ANGELES STAKE, GLEANERS

Which Milk is Best

Buy several brands of evaporated milk, open each can wide. Check each milk for color, texture and flavor.

Note Morning Milk's natural, appetizing color!

Pour each brand of milk into a pitcher or sauce dish. Southgate Ward, South Los Angeles Stake, Gleaner Girls, who have met regularly for three years. Many

Look at Morning Milk's rich, creamy texture. ofthetheseoutsidegirlswards.are planning to be Golden Gleaners. They have sung in four wards of the stake and in one of

EAGLE SCOUTS

Then, with a spoon, taste each milk undiluted—

just as it comes from the can. There's the real test!

Morning Milk has a finer flavor—a quality flavor.

You can taste the difference!

Eighteen Scouts of Troop 192, Sugar House district, received their Eagle Scout awards at traditional and impressive ceremonies at the Edgehill Ward, December 2. This is believed to be a national record. Each

boy had to win a specified number of merit badges including the coveted life saving and the identification of forty species of birds in the field. A total of fifty nights camping for each Scout had to be accomplished

to fill requirements. Those Scouts receiving the award ranged from thirteen years old, who had completed

Make This 1-2-3 Test D.the E.minimumHammond,of chiefeighteenexecutivemonthsofscouting,the Salt toLakeboysCouncil;considerablyG. R. older.Hill, presidentSpeakers ofonthetheSaltprogramLake Council;included

Thomas Wheeler, president of the Sugar House Stake; and Mayor Earl J. Glade.

and You'll Always Troop 192 is the largest in Salt Lake City, having seventythree members. Three additional Scouts

received their Eagle award during 1945, and the troop has four other Eagles, making twentyfive Eagle Scouts

Buy Finer - Flavored in the troop. Alma Janke is its scoutmaster. Joseph H. Grow is Sugar House district commissioner.

MORNING MILK POLL PARROTS OR THINKERS?

{Continued from page 16) about. When the speaker is before us,

well one can put things together. Somewe want to see his eyes sparkle and his

&urara&roffi&u one has said that the English language countenance send a message along with should be used to express thought, but what he says. I repeat again, the test

Jeto gear'* Greetings; often it is used instead of thought. for a talk is not in how does it look in

I want to make myself clear: Our print, but what does it do to us?

FROM conventions and meetings of like nature are programmed with too many written ETS teach our children to talk to us,

HILLAM'S COSTUME SHOP talks. Very often if the audience didn't not at us. When they appear beSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH have manners and were not as thoughtfore us, let's encourage them to be

10 Rooms Filled With Spendid ful as they should be for the fellow themselves, and of course their better

Costumes reading the manuscript, they would selves. Let us encourage them to read

Insure You TIP TOP SERVICE for groan in unison when they see him unmuch, converse much, study all angles

Your Shows and Operas roll his frozen discourse. I repeat again, of what they are going to present, seek

what is a talk for? It is to stimulate! in every way to get the best thought

A REQUEST Written talks as a rule do not stimulate yes, and if necessary make notes to Make Costume Arrangements—we tolerate them. If we who listen guide consistently and thoroughly what

would be more kind and less critical, they're going to say. We want to be BEFORE people, who are put on the program to stirred by the spirit.

Fixing Date of Performance. guide our thoughts, would feel more at Good sense dictates that there are

ease and would give us more to think occasions when a talk should be given 58 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Poll Parrots or Thinkers?

word for word. This is especially the

case in most talks over the radio. Many

official instructions from the leaders of our Church and nation must be constructed carefully and given verbatim.

In these observations I am keeping these occasions in mind, but I am emphatic in saying we are overdoing it.

We are frightening people to death in our expecting perfection—we are driving too many to read talks because we

are not more kind. "... The letter

killeth, but the spirit giveth life."Let

us have more life.

I shall never forget a twelveyear-old deacon giving a talk some time ago in a stake conference. He started off at a

good clip, but halfway through he stopped. He was like the fellow who

was stuck with nothing to unload. Well,

it sounded as if Pa wrote it; Ma corrected it; and Bill ran it off on the typewriter. Some of those words were just

too big for his tongue. He hesitated

he turned red—the poor little fellow

was embarrassed to death. I sat immediately behind him—I could touch

him. Seeing his predicament, I finally

pulled his sleeve, and I said to him, "Young man, wouldn't you like to tell us right from the shoulder what is in your heart?"He straightened up,

put his chin to the sun; fear left him.

Then words came to him like fresh water from a spring. Not every man

there had his handkerchief out, but that boy that morning "melted"the priesthood of that stake.

May heaven's blessings ever be with the boy or girl who makes such humble beginnings.

Let us not raise parrots—let us, with

the inspiration from our Heavenly Father, develop devout thinkers.

Prepare... or RepairPrevent... or Repent

"JlToRE Americans have been killed and injured since Pearl Harbor by traffic accidents than have been killed and wounded in the war, and winter is a salient element of the traffic safety problem. Major winter hazards are

skidding and reduced visibility. Practical precautions and sensible driving

practices will minimize those addedhazards. we orriR.. IN USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS A COMPLETE

Winter Driving Tips ENGRAVING SERVICE Aids in treatment of Canker, simple throat and other minor mouth Portraits Missionary to From the Largest sore visibility 1. Maintain Catalogues. irritations. and throat Mail Attention Orders Given Prompt 2. Reduce speeds according to snow

ice conditions and CO. UTAH ENGRAVING Halls Canker Remedy 3. safe Keep St. distance from vehicles 113 Regent Salt Lake City, Utah 536 East 2nd So.—at Salt ahead Lake City, Utah

4. Put on antiskid chains when

snow or ice prevail 5. Practice "defensive driving"—be

prepared for every emergency A WELCOME GIFT 6. Signal intentions clearly as posThe ERA THROUGHOUT THE YEAR!

sible—Sa/e Winter Driving League

JANUARY, 1946 59

A MORMON WIFE

( Concluded from page 21 and more capable, we bought our own haps a visitor or two. The dishes were

Grandma would decide that it was imclothes and learned that we "couldn't "scraped and stacked"ready for us.

modest to wear such a short dress and eat our cake and have it too."I have The minute we returned from school

would let the hem down. If I objected, ever been impressed by my father's abwe must take off our school dresses, don

that now instead of being too short it solute fairness to his children in giving our play dresses and go to work. How

was too long, Grandma's comment was us those allowances. "When we were I hated those dishes! They had dried

always the same: "Never mind, you'll older, we went to his office and received from standing, and as I recall them now

grow to it."This reminder, being so a monthly check. We were taught to it seems as if the stacks of plates and

deadly true, gave me scant comfort. pay the Church requirement of one saucedishes stretched skyward. I actenth on this money, not that we had quired a distaste for dishwashing at

If my mother minded using the lowly earned it, but in order to form the habit. that time that I never expect to overtithing office scrip which her husband I have often heard my father say that come. Give me a broom, or a mop, or

received as part of his salary and which "the purse is the tenderest part of the a dustingcloth any day in preference was passed on to her, she gave no sign, human anatomy,"and he wanted us to to a dishcloth!

but we children heartily disliked this learn early to release the purse strings. When we did extra tasks, such as

church money. It meant that after In our childhood the only help that helping with the spring housecleaning

mother had made her purchases we could be afforded in our large home or sprouting the lowly potato, we were must go and pick them up, since there was that contributed by a schoolgirl paid for them, thus giving us a sense of was no delivery. Mother didn't seem to who worked for her board and room. the worthwhileness of our efforts and

appreciate the fact that little girls have Obviously, there was much more to be encouraging us to save. After the tiththeir pride and that it doesn't exactly done than she could take care of, which ing had been paid on these amounts, we

expand their egos to be met by their meant that each member of the family could do with the remainder as we friends lugging home a wash boiler, a must be responsible for certain definite chose.

new broom, or something of the kind. duties. Nothing could have been better The custom in the Sunday School,

Father said that such pride was false for our development. After our fortunes which still obtains, of asking each child

pride. bettered and we had a fulltime hired to donate ten cents towards the exYet who shall say that the "seven girl, as she was called, the same rule obpenses of the organization, was in effect

this of asktime. to at thought that her share each must do We neverlean years"family betained our which knew

ing for the of all parents amount, the but the our supplement of maid workfore to pick things began up were not "all for the best"as dear Grandma work, for there was still more to be when we brought the little envelopes

Grant always contended they were? done than one pair of hands could achome from Sunday School which we

Certainly they brought about a family complish. While we were still in grade had been asked to return in a week for

solidarity that could not have been so school, Edith, Anna, and I, besides our "Dime Sunday,"we put them carefully well effected otherwise and gave us individual tasks, did the lunch dishes. away and began looking about for

a sense of the true values of life. This was worse than it sounds. The something we could do for pay. Our

older girls came home from their downparents had impressed us with the fact town jobs to lunch, for we lived but two that we were not really giving unless "\T7hen quite young each of us was blocks from Main Street; we, too, hurwe sacrificed some money that our own

vv given a personal allowance. Unried home from school during the noon efforts had produced. A small sumder mother's supervision, which she hour; Mother of course was there, Faten cents—but a big lesson went with it.

gradually relinquished as we grew older ther often; Grandma always, and per- (To be continued)

CHARGE TO PRESIDENT McDONALD {Continued from page 15) 5:3-9. ) It brings us to the Lord's promthat we shall live in happiness, for God

But there is another measure of ise in our day: has made known in our day that

achievement.

are blessed are pure But the poor are, that they might have joy. who men

Jesus, teaching his disciples his cruciin heart, are hearts broken, 2:25.) and (II. Nephi.. whose

fixion and resurrection, and the meaning whose spirits are contrite, for they shall thereof, urged them "to take up his see the kingdom of God coming in power These everlasting principles bring cross and follow him,"declaring: and great glory unto their deliverance; for realization that life in eternity is now

shall theirs. of fatness the the earth be is involved, infinitesince eternity and

is if his shall the come, profited, behold, Lord and a he shall For For what man ly time, greater think to cease than we shall shall his him,gain lose with the be world, and he whole and own recompense eterof time and only regard shall the in shall reprimarilysoul? man, poor every give and or exchange reward what a man

for his soul? (Matt. 16:26.) joice; nity as finally essential.

their shall inherit generations the And the school function, a dual Thus forever generation to generation, from occasion, speaking of the earth On another dual learn- a and aim purpose—secularhas ever. (D. and & C. 56:1820.)doctrines he said: he taught, ing, lesser value, the spiritual deand

greater. velopment, the These two If shall will his will, he do any know man in these deal here school we HPhus values together, neither be always must it doctrine,of of the or be God, whether precincts the the with and mind perfect other, the would without but be I 7:17.) of myself. speakwhether (John soul only, also the not but with body spiritual the values, basic being and

that immortal endures man, which eternal, prevail, for the must always is a fuller measure, aim the This a new in forever, trouble or as his in peace spiritual are built values upon absolute another purpose, supremeand andvalue as against things worldly, the days on the earth demand. We are truth.

just the for the concerned and now It soul. of bringssalvation us man's in his philosopher, The worldly way, unjust. of goodare now We their beatitudes, the to beauwithback of relative speak field truth in the righteousness. ness to may and come mindfulWe their eternal everty and and wisdom ethics of and worldly knowledge, a Paul's wisdom:lasting blessings promises: Blessed and that concept today here and be may

are the poor, and the meek, and those For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ truth, but that tomorrow and there may who hunger and thirst after righteousshall all be made alive. (I Cor. 15:22.) be error, a truth based upon man's deness, and the merciful, and the pure in velopment, his learning, his ethics, his

heart, and the peacemakers. (Matt. We must know the way of Christ, concepts, his hopes, his aspirations, his

60 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Charge to President McDonald environment, his economics, his society, his government, and therefore varying as these constituent elements vary.

13 ut this, President McDonald, is not the truth we are to learn here. We

here deal with absolute truth, rarely the whole, the complete truth, for that we may not comprehend, but that part of it which we can understand, and which never ceases to be truth even when the full measure is finally revealed. Man

has his limitations, the limitations of the finite mind and intellect which ob viously cannot encompass the infinite.

Quarrel has been raised with the account of the creation as given in Genesis. But I wonder if man can yet grasp

much more than that account, even with our great progress in knowledge. If,

responsive to the wellknown maxim that in the face of three variables man's mental powers and equipment are helpless, if under this principle man cannot develop a formula that will embrace the interrelationship of three heavenly bodies, what could he do with a formula covering the interrelationship of the with AllisChalmers members of our whole solar system, and then with the interrelationship of that system to our universe, and then to the interrelationship of that universe to FRONTMOUNTED others glimpsed dimly of the deeps? mighty inWethearefar likewisereaches Tractor Implements

limited in the domain of chemical and physical formulas, and in the secrets of biology, and indeed in the mysteries of life itself.

Well did the Lord declare to Job

Who is this that darkeneth counsel by The logical trend of cultivator and of the driver's seat. Frontmounted

without knowledge? words planter design has been forward. implements are brought within your

Gird thy loins like a man; for up now

I will demand of thee, and answer thou me. When implements are mounted fornatural line of vision. You watch

Where wast thou when I laid the founward on the tractor, rather than the row ahead easily and naturally dations of the earth? declare, if thou hast

understanding. pulled behind, they need no wheels... never twisting to look behind.

thereof, the hath laid measures Who if of their own. They cost less. FurForward vision is an invaluable featthe thou or knowest? hath stretched who

line upon it? thermore, they can be attached ure for precision planting, fertilizing

the are thereof foundations Whereupon quickly and controlled cultivating automaticand plants. young You'll

laid fastened? therethe corner stone or who power. ally by tractor find to it not only pays of; "look ahead"

stars the together, sang morning When plant-—it's a pleasure. Front -mounted all the for sons and shouted joy?... A-C FRONTMOUNTED of God

Canst thou bind the sweet influences of ers, cultivators, fertilizer attachimplements are a new adventure in

Pleiades, or loose the bands of Orion? ments and rotary hoes represent comfort... a promise of Better

bring forth in thou Canst Mazzaroth his still another step forward... ahead Living to come for the family farm. season? or canst thou with guide Arcturus

his sons?

LIFT with Tractor -Greasing (Above) Mode! HYDRAULIC and DUAL the ordinances thou Knowest of heaven?

Reservoir tractor bearings Sealed keep DEPTH automatCCONTROL—Self canst set the thereof thou in the dominion

ically hydraulically are greased. Implements operated. Dual control

... earth?

... left accurately right of gauges depth and gangs independently.

in the hath put inward wisdom Who parts? or who hath given understanding

to the heart?

Who can number the clouds in wisdom?

or who can stay the bottles of heaven, the into hardness, dust groweth When the clods fast together? cleaveand... flLLISCHflLMERSI TRACTOR DIVISION MILWAUKEE 1, U. S. A.

Gavest thou the goodly wings unto the peacocks? or wings and feathers unto the

ostrich? (Job 38:2-7, 3133, 3638; 39:13.)

NATIONAL FARM AND HOME HOUR list of TUNE IN THE NEW the long And so on through

U.S... Markets... Music D.A. News.incomprehensibles Surely to Job. Job

spoke in wisdom when he answered Every Saturday—10:00 A.M. Pacific Time, 11:00 A.M. MountainTime

(Continued on page 62) JANUARY, 1946 61

CHARGE TO PRESIDENT McDONALD (Continued from page 61) still stand as the guardians of society,

God, declaring his own littleness, which as the foundation of government, and

our knowledge the infinite. salvation. to has leads As

incomprehensito Job's we,MORE BUS SEATS iswidened,the inherent incapacity of man for as the measure of the righteous life that has declared to us that the heavHe bles, have added almost a universe of ens are not shut, that he can and will unknown physical phenomena. Others still speak to his children, that he willMORE TIME SAVED come daily, and so it shall be to the from time to time declare to them his

end. purposes, that he will counsel, admonMORE SCHEDULES haveBut atweourhere,hands,Presidentunchanging,McDonald,ultiish,ish, advise,as our actsreprove,shallreward,merit orandrequire,punmate truths which God has vouchsafed and as his wisdom shall direct.

to us for our guidance, salvation, and He has shown us both his love and exaltation. his mercy, and that his justice knows

They are our shields against temptano rank or favor.

Greyhound leads again with tion, and our redemption from sin. He has promised us that for our good

more schedules daily to more They give us the light for our feet; deeds he will reward us, and that for

points in America than any other they guide us on our way. our evil deeds there will follow their

curtains for aside us the draw They punishments. own public like that, of of Stephen heaven, old, we that the to has made us know He for through see the may carrier. service—Ride Greyhoundon one principles lives rules our which and by

ticket—one baggage check.... glory of God, and Jesus standing on shall be guided, are contained in the

the right hand of God. (Acts 7:55.) holy scriptures he has given us; and

thereto or diswhether harken drivers, comfortable we Courteous the rocks which are upon They is in for exdetermine, to the us we thatobey, coaches and low fares that the winds and make your build house our ercise free the with agency of he which bus trip a real vacation for you storms wash not away. blessed us in the beginning.

are the bridge connecting time He has revealed the great law of mortality with immortali-—and for your pocketbook. withTheyeternity,

ty; over it we walk from worldliness eternal progression, and that he who

progress to until he and grow into salvation. waits OVERLAND in side, other passes to the will sorrow

f'oD has revealed to us that he is the a delay he can never retrieve.BREYHDU that out he will pour of He has declared all, and that he loves and Father HAfS

in ending never Operated by upon men righteous for the everywhere, cares and knowledge

Interstate Transit Lines seeks ever to bring back the wayward streams, to men's salvation and exaltato his ways. tion.

He has made known that Jesus is the

Christ, the Only Begotten of the FaPresident McDonald: These are

ther, the Redeemer of the world, the some of the ultimate truths, not

First Fruits of the Resurrection. relative truths, which God has reHe has shown to us that as Jesus vealed to us. These truths endure;

died, lay in the tomb, and was resurthey are the same in all lands, and rected, so shall it be with every son among all peoples, and at all times.

and daughter of God. They are changeless. They are the

He has manifested to us that he is a truths which must take precedence over

is a third pereses, or relativetruths from whatFAMOUSDWSSWG- person,and that thatthe HolyChristGhostis another person, all contrary theories, dogmas, hypothjswoDMymiyL Trinityson, andof thatthe Godhead.these three make the Theseever sourceultimateor bytruthswhomsoevermay not brought.be queswill, truth All secular must, of tioned. immortality has taught us the He 'f>\ wvi/s?/r/j truths. ultimate to these finally conform soul, itself a trinity of intelthe human

ligence, of spiritual body, and of mortal He wounds, maims, and cripples a resurrection, after the raises or deand that about doubts soul who fowl, cold body, meats, On truths. faith reunited, perstroys ultimate our trinity in the become we God fish, in salads cuts,

and sandwiches and fected beings. will hold such a one strictly accountwith shellfish, DurHe has given to us the knowledge able; and who can measure the depths

kee's Famous Dressthat our spirits existed in the spirit to which one shall fall who wilfully ing brings out natuworld before they came to the earth shatters in another the opportunity for ral flavors, makes and took a body; that they live here on celestial glory. These ultimate truths

things taste twice as the earth in our bodies; that they will are royal truths to which all human wisgood. Peps up hors live hereafter through the eternities, dom and knowledge are subjects. These

d'oeuvres, too. Taste finally being reunited with our bodies truths point the way to celestial glory.

this golden 17spice after the resurrection. In the indenture creating the trust in

and sauce just once the earth this restored to again the terms of accordance with which He has <StMWS you'll never be withSmith, his institution the the donor, Prophet founded, through Joseph was out it. Holy Priesthood, which he had taken Brigham Young, after setting forth the

from the earth because of the wickedsecular subjects that the educational ness of men, and we now enjoy the standards of the time required to be

Basyto-do this spirthat priesthood, exerblessings taught, to of the about had say we tasty [5rEE!I more for its its privicise itual partake of powers, that training teaching should to and we write J***J"ds, t8Umeals. leges, the F this has in priesthood with come school be carried and on

restored gospel to fulness the of the

Testaments, Old and the Book The New life. lead us to eternal 1 2900 FiWStreet*- gfflg/k of and of Doctrine the book Mormon He has reassured us that the great Covenants, shall be the standard textbooks,and

truths of the Decalogue, given at Sinai, and shall be read and their doctrines inTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA ) I

CHARGE TO PRESIDENT McDONALD culcated in the Academy, and further no or we recede; we never stand still. We

book shall be used therein that misrepremust go forward every day, becoming of, lightlysents, or the Divine speaks little certain, stronger, a little mis- a more of of thesion Savior, our or Prophet Joseph is little perfection. nearer a No truth in ideas orSmith, manner advances any

restored gosin the deeply bedded more principles the the gospel. toantagonistic of

pel than that of eternal progression.

These, President McDonald, are That progression began in the life beyour navigating orders. They are not fore this, is here on this earth and now,

sealed; they are open to the world. The and will be with us throughout the eterworld will expect you to follow them. nities. It need not and does not wait for

We shall expect you to build into the eternity for a beginning.

minds and hearts of the youth and of We expect you to make Latterday the mature who come here, all the Saints of those who come to you here,

Christian virtues. We shall expect you that they shall live observant of the

to teach the students to follow the comChristian virtues, that they shall gain mandments of God, for God never detestimonies of the truths of the restored mands obedience to error. gospel, and having this that they shall,

We shall expect you to recognize obedient thereto, live as righteous memthat science worldly and of the knowledge bers as upright, Church and demonstration, every republic, question citizens patriotic of themust dediDays of Destiny every experiment, every conclusion, cated to the support and preservation every phenomenon that seems a fact, of our divinely inspired Constitution for only by this method may the truths and the government of free institutions WE ARE stepping into 19461947 of the natural law become known to set up by the fathers under it, that they with important days in our comus, save by specific revelation. shall so live that all may secure the mon destiny ordained in the

shall also celestial But expect you bodies spoke Paul to know of which we ( years ahead. At no time has it inthat, celestial pertaining to our matters enter the spirCor. and 15:40)

itual lives, God's revealed will, his laws, glory of which God has spoken in the been more important that we be his commandments, declared not only revelations of our own time (D. & C. kept fully informed.

directly by himself, but by and through 76).

his servants, must be taken unquesMay God give you health and tioned, because they are the ultimate strength and power, inspiration and For the events of each day, truths that shape and control our wisdom and humility, may the incomthroughout the world, are formdestinies. ings and outgoings of yourself, of your ing the pattern of our future.

I know, President McDonald, that in faculty, and of your students be in the all this I already have your assent, bename of the Lord, and may you make cause I have declared only that which your salutations, not in the long, pious The Sunday Salt Lake Tribune makes the warp and woof of our. refaces of the hypocrites, but in the frank is designed to inform you fully

stored gospel. and open countenances of men and on this fastmoving world. Five

women whose hearts are filled with the

TT 7e look confidently forward to an joy to which our Heavenly Father has great news services are aug- v "increased spirituality in this declared they were entitled, all as the mented by the nation's recogschool, for spiritually we move onward Lord commanded, I humbly pray. nized news analysts and columnists. To these, the Tribune

adds its own staff of news writEVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS ersSundayand interpreters.Salt Lake TribuneOnly in canthe

( Concluded from page 33 of one who has filled his mission well. you find this complete coverage

true in the Indeed, for the Intermountain gospel of Jesus interpreted is not Satan in this drama of The role sin. original there is nodifficult to Christ West. seeks understand. to He

overthrow the work of God. By inIt is a thrilling thought that Adam

to begin not coerced and were Eve to the disobeyducing and Eve Trib"Adam Salt Lake Sunday to chose God's on earth. do The They work his in to thought themLord, have he is tak- l/3c only 4 une when so, free their of the exercise agency. by forgot, did orpower. not know, He Salt daily the Lake en with It is all lesson their for children: the the their "disobedience"that very by Salt or TeleTribune Lake truth, carthe wisely, Seek choose and his respect to the with ofpurposes Lord

spirit children would be accomplished. ry the responsibility for our acts. gram.

The temptation of Eve turned upon him Considering our full knowledge of to the defeat of his evil designs. This the purpose of the plan of salvation,

often is the fate of evil. and the reason for placing Adam and

Eve on earth, the apparent contradicThe Lord himself in these latter days tion in the story of the "Fall"vanishes.

has spoken of the place and mission of Instead the law of free agency, or inAdam: "... Michael, or Adam, the fadividual choice, appears in distinct

ther of all, the prince of all, the ancient view. God's command is qualified byof days."(D.&C. 27:11; 88:112; 116: his great purpose to bless his children.

1. ) "The Lord God... hath appointed Adam and Eve rise to the position of

Michael your prince, and established helpers in initiating the divine purpose his feet, and set him upon high, and on earth. They become partners with

given unto him the keys of salvation the Lord in making 'eternal joy possible under the counsel and direction of the for the hosts of heaven.

Holy One."(D. & C 78:1516.) These We, the children of Adam and Eve,are eloquent words, which could not may well be proud of our parentage. %iMm \.well have been spoken of a sinner; only—/. A. W.

JANUARY, 1946 63 aviA Ours ouTVage

Dear Sirs: Hondo, California

want you to know how much I enjoy The Improvement

I Era. It is a wonderful comfort and joy to me, as I am bedridden and even though I am down, all the Church news comes

to me through its pages.

I am sometimes very lonesome, so my very good friends,

Bishop Halls and Brother Rogers, gave me names and addresses of fortyseven of our Latterday Saint boys in the service.

At first I didn't think I could write to them all and decided

I'd write one letter and copy the rest from it. Well, as I got

started, I enjoyed it, and every letter I write is different. I

also sent a page of Church news to everyone, because I know how hungry I get for news of the Church, and out there where they are, God bless them, I know they'll enjoy it.

My spine and legs are "out of whack"so I pile pillows on my stomach and get my writing board, and go to work. I'm

thankful I can still write.

Devotedly, Lillian Davis Dear Editors: Hsin Ching, China

I"WISH to thank you for the Era. It is my only link with the THE ELDON A. JOHNSON FAMILY WITH THEIR CHILDREN

* Church out here. This field is clearing out, and the other—is the boast of the Victor Ward, Teton Stake. Front row, left to right:

left boys ago. Reading the wonderful few weeks some

of gives our leaders feeling that monies me the I am with alltestiof Eugene.VeldaBackJohnson,row: Bert,babyArleneKathleen,Venice,Lewella,Cleo, Rhea,George,and EldonLynn, A.Terry,Johnson.Monty, and

you back home, and not ten thousand miles away. All the children of age are active in the ward.

I was very fortunate in being able to attend the first conference of Latterday Saint men in China, held in Kunming, the latter part of August. It was very inspirational, and the testiThat's It

I finest the monies ever in the eleven heard have were months what "Dad,

I th of a have Church. been member person whois a shopscounterandirritant?"shops and doesn't buy a thing, "A in the be with the Lord are you you fine work May son."doing. my brother, Your

Cpl. William H. Rescorl Practice Makes Perfect

-<$>- "Your cough sounds much better this morning,"said the doctor in a complimentary tone.

"Good morning,"chirped the telephone operator, "this is "Why shouldn't it?"rasped the disgusted patient. "I've been

Williams, Jones, Brown, Spry, Thurston, and Black."practicing all night."

"Oh,"said the startled voice at the other end of the line, "good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, Definitions good morning, and good morning."Parasite: A person who goes through a revolving door

Substitute withoutBallet pushing.dancer: A jitterbug with a Russian accent.

"Tommy, what is a synonym?"the teacher asked. Bachelor: A man who makes mistakes, but never at the

"A synonym,"said Tommy, wisely, "is a word you use when marriage license bureau.

you can't spell the other one."Influence: Something you think you have until you try to

use it.

Repetition Pedestrian: A person who failed to keep up payments on

Daddy: "Don't you know it's bad manners to answer a queshis automobile.

tion by asking another?"Punctuality: The art of guessing correctly how late the other

Bernie: "It is?"party is going to be.

THREEACT PLAY, "CINDERELLA"Three performances of Luacine Clark Fox's play, "Cinderella,"were presented to overpacked audiences by the Palmyra Stake M.I.A. in the high school

colorfully auditorium. Trumpeters the play with fanfare began appropriate and the story proceeded as the Golden Book Fairy turned the pages of a mammoth

Teller told all fairy the Story the tale beloved of tales. of the most story book and

The play director is Mrs. Eula N. Crabb.

64 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA wummmmmmm 1L 111111S* InHi JHHI Ji

..from Superman

He'll beat an arrow's getaway—and he

dares jetplanes to pass him! Yet Superman

might as well recognize worthy rivals—like

you and your car!... with your strictly

newday acceleration and power... with

all your surplus of antiknock power, from'

Conoco N-tane—the new gasoline!...

From out of the skies... derived from the

highoctane fuels that put the power in air power... your Conoco N-tane brings you

that sense of riding the wind in quiet.. *

—You'll have to strain to hear a ping-

—You'll use the gears tor spinetingling

getaway—and for little else

—You'll be overwhelmed with mileage

—You'll know that the hardest Winter no

longer means hardstarting gasoline,

Only the swift wartime progress founded on foremost prewar brainwork, can assure you of gasoline as good as newday Conoco

N-tane—with steppedup power that 's quieted down! Try it today... for excitement!

Continental Oil Company When Winter Comes A family left alone is plunged info the winter of despair,..

but if adequate preparation has been made, needs ore safeguarded and loved ones stand firm against the storm until the season of despair gives way to the springtime of new hope.

Life insurance is the most thoughtful heritage a man can leave his family.