TllmproucmcntlEra

BBSBHnH

i

....:.:.;

FEBRUARY 1948—it takes only a feiv hours to

convert any heating plant to gas

Why not enjoy maximum comfort the balance of this

winter? Gas is the ideal fuel for house heating. It's

clean, convenient, economical, dependable, and it requires no storage space. Now is the time to install

a gas heating appliance, either a complete unit or a

conversion burner.

eejtoui GAS tp>/t&i/ice e&a&l oi

MOUNTAIN F U EL SUPPLY CO.

The "VAC"hustles with Case hauling truck. EXPLORING farm

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

HPhe Journal of the American Medical

Association has answered a question with the statement that eightyeight percent of nicotine in cigaret smoke inhaled lodges in the mouth or air passages, with only twelve percent being exhaled. "Noninhalers"retain

sixtyseven percent. One cigar equals

about five cigarets in giving the same nicotine absorption.

Addition of tasteless, protective chemicals to sugar at the refinery to check tooth decay has been suggested by Dr. L. S. Fosdick. Glycerol

aldehyde is the best of thirtyone chemicals tested, though fluorine would also be effective, but the dose must be very small.

A new electric footwarmer has been "produced to take care of the estimated seven out of ten persons who have trouble keeping their feet warm at night during cold weather. Set for

105 Fahrenheit as the best temperature for the feet, the footwarmer is placed between the top sheet and first blanket.

A U. S. patent has recently been

granted for a selfexpanding piston without rings. The outer shell consists With farm help scarce and wages high... with a world

of several parts, kept tight against the crying for food at high prices... the thing that counts most

cylinder wall by coil springs behind in a tractor is how much it will help a man to produce. Judge

them. tractors by that modern yardstick yield per man.

A new drug, four times as powerful Farmers by the thousands are turning away from the old * as morphine, for the relief of pain, idea of using the smallest tractor that will "get by."The

known variously as amidone. dolophine. more tractor experience they have, the more they see the

and 10820 has been synthesized in values they get in a Case.

It is being Germany. given extensive They like its surefooted traction... its eager engine States. tests in the United

power... its fourfold range of gear speeds to get full

A world list of scientific periodicals capacity from every implement. They find Case tractors quick

""published between 1900 and 1921 to fuel, to hitch, to turn. They find Case comfort, convenhas the names of 24,686 different jourience and easy handling save their time and strength.

nals, and is by no means complete. See your Case dealer now about the

model to give you greatest yield per

Quito, the capital of Ecuador, at an man,sizes lowestexcept costthe "LA"per acreare ofbuiltwork.in allAll

elevation of 9.350 feet and within 4 Power Groups purpose type with twin or single front

axles; front adjustable or with equator, has a mean wheels, miles of the twenty

4- standard and models as orchard during varies which daily temperature special models. in also tractors; wheel the twelve months less than a degree 20 Great Models Send for tractor catalog; mention size

from the mean annual temperature of to fit your farming, also any implements 54.6 F. The warm days and cold you need. J, I. Case Co., Dept. B-44,

nights are dependable. Racine, Wis.

FEBRUARY 1948 65 ymam THmprouemenfEra"THi VOICE OF THE CHURCH"1948

, i,H;'

usi iiVOLUME 51 *IT ** NUMBER 2 iP'p

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION,

MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

The Editor's Page The Cover The Founders of Utah George Albert Smith 75 George Washington and Abraham Lincoln have come to sigChurch Features nifyfreedomthe causethroughoutof humanthelibertycivilizedand

The Navajo. His Predicament Spencer W. Kimball 76 world. This photograph of two

Science and Faith Henry Eyring 81 memorials to these great men is gratitude of Amerithe symbolic of Original 84 Harold Lundstrom Words of the Book of Mormon free everywhere, cans and men who First 87 Seek Benson Ye A. Mark fight their in defor honor them Evidences of Ordi'and Reconciliations: Need CXX—What Is the dignity. fense of Washhuman The

nances? John A* Widtsoe 97 ington Monument and the Lincoln

The Church Moves On 68 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column.. 103 Memorial are shown through the

Dear Gleaner 72 The Presiding Bishopric's Page 104 portals of Georgetown University,

Churchwide Activities in Pictures-.lOO Genealogy.", 106 significantly, because both of these

Melchizedek Priesthood 102 men believed in education for the common man, based undoubtedly on

Special Features principle,their acceptance"And yeof shallthe knowChristianthe truth, truth the and you shall make Talk It Over If I Were a Young Husband—Let's free."Brentnall 79 John and Mary

photograph unusual The was taken

Eyring 80 Henry C. Josephson Marba D.C., of Washington, Horydczak by

The Old Spanish Trail Mark A. Pendleton 88 and was adapted for cover use by

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 93 Charles Jacobsen.

Exploring the Universe, Franklin On the Bookrack 95

S. Harris, Jr.. 65 Homing: Home Evening, GeorgiMillet ana Angell "Communism in Action"—These 98 iece Josephine B. Comer, Durham. 67 Cook's Times, G. Homer

Nichols so the Movies! Marba C. this Frontisfor month's verse he 70..Josephson. and Page and Ours.128 Your

is piece, 73, from page "The 98 T 72 Awards Drama

Longfellow. Building of the Ship"by

The photograph is by Feily of Monkmeyer Press.

Shoddy John A* Widtsoe 96 Cost of War Henry Richard 96 On Being Late and Leaving Early Albert!* Zobell, Jr. 96 Editors

George Albert Smith Stories, Poetry John A. Widtsoe

Managing Editor Quagunts Eleanor M. Hall 83 Richard L. Evons

Mulek of Zarahemla—Chapter II J N Washburn 90 Assistant Managing Editor

Frontispiece 73 Important Things, Mary O'Connor.J 10 Doyle L. Green

Poetry Page 74 Remembered Scenes, Edwin E. Associate Editor

Faith, Louis I. Levitt 78 McDonald 124 Marba C. Josephson

-K Genera! Manager

Executive and Editorial Offices: George Q. Morris

50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah Associate Manager

Copyright 1948 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young Lucy G. Cannon

Men's Mutual Improvement Association of the Church of Jesus Christ Business Manager of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.00 a John D. Giles

year, in advance; foreign subscriptions, $2.50 a year, in advance; 20c Editorial Associates

single copy. Elizabeth J. Moffitt

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass Albert L Zobell, Jr.

matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for Harold Lundstrom

in section 1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918. National Advertising Representatives

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, Edward S. Townsend,

but welcomes contributions. San Francisco and Los Angeles

All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return. Dougan and Bolle,

Change of Address: Chicago and New York

for of address. required include ordering notice please days'changeFifteen a change, When

issue the magazine. the old Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations slip Address of a recent unless cannot changes fromaddress be made

address as well as the new one is included.

66 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "COMMUNISM IN ACTION"

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

Head of Political Science Department and

Director of the Institute of Government,

University of Utah

Aertain. fateful questions of 1948

that revolve of around enigma w-rHATto thedoesSovietthe studyeconomy:indicate?"PractiAs Socialistwestern man, of the Union

Soviet Republics. For thirty years this cally all economic activity in the U.S.

has been more or less true. But never S.R. is encompassed in a plan laid

has the U.S.S.R. loomed so large in the down by the Government and the

pattern of human affairs. What is the Communist Party...."This is done

nature of the communist leviathan? Its through a central planning body, Goscapacity for action? Its land, resources, plan, whose general planning directives

peoples, morals, governmental system, for production and the interrelated sececonomy? tors of economic life are carried out

The United States Government by the Commissariats, the Glavks (coPrinting Office has recently printed HI ordinating units below the Commisdocumented pages analyzing the operasariats), the state trusts and combines.

tion of the Soviet Union (House DocThe study points out that

Congress, 754, 79th secondument No.

session entitled ). This study, Comtain.. amount. humanofloveprestigeof orderto thehasSovietlent systema cerAction, prepared at themunism in was their gravitates because economy about What's on the calendar?instance the direction under and of the of conception it certainly has plans. But

Representative of Everett M. Dirksen not been proved

Legislative Reference Illinois by the completely planned.. economy. that the..faults. are oflessa A Valentine celebration?

Service of the Library of Congress. serious than the faults and instabilities of Birthday? Anniversary? Family

The Legislative Reference Service is a free, competitive society.... gettogether?

the official research arm of the United

States Congress. Communism in Action 'T'he selection of managers is vital in Whatever the occasion—you

is therefore worthy of more than passany economy. In the U.S.S.R., this can count on Fisher's Cake Flour

ing interest. Fifteen chapters of the began with party loyalty as the prime to help you bake the right cake.

operation of the Soviet productive consideration. Other managers were

system, management, labor, forced appointed only under strict surveillance Use your own favorite recipe.

labor, living standards, agriculture, by the security officers of the O.G.P.U. Or try one of Mary Mills'Speed

transportation and finance, governor the N.K.V.D. (secret police).

ment, national defense, education, the After the purge of 1936, however, the Cake recipes on the package.

use of leisure time, and religion make study reports that Turn out a moist, light, fudge this best available the volume compact rich in chocolate flavor of the leading... th": new industrial chiefs... were cake—reference guide to some

questions of our age. The concluding the bettei trained energetic men who had—or a delicate Angel Food, light

chapter, "How Much Freedom?"raises had no other experience than that in a as a flake of February snow.

the question that is most vital. Communist country.

Make every cake a parfy Accordingly they accept the revolucake! Follow tested recipes with

/"Congressman Dirksen tells how the tion, look upon themselves as study came to be produced. After FISHER'S CAKE FLOUR, look

delivering a speech in Chicago to a... the advance guard of social and for it in the thrifty twopound

group of farmers, he was asked to receconomic progress, and that they too had package at your grocer's!

ommend "a short, simple treatise on devotees in every country who looked to the they day overthrow too would when dealt operates which communismhow "capitalist their establish oppressors"and fairly the subject with and impartially society"! a "classless

and which did not employ a heavily slanted or biased approach."The reIn other words, the Soviet political

sult does not pretend to be an analysis system, in thirty years, has come to be of the theory of communism. "Neither accepted as inevitably good, Russian,

is it an appraisal of communism,"says and patriotic. This soviet manager,

Dr. Ernest S. Griffith, director of Conhowever, in contrast to an American,

gressional Legislative Reference Servis a state official.

ice. "It is primarily a description of the

operation of the economic, political, His psychology must always remain that and social institutions of the Soviet of an order taker. Goals are set for him.

Union in recent years."As such, it He agrees, and he works hard to meet and

may be recommended to readers of surpasshave a thegoodtasksreputationset for him.at headquarters,He wants to

"These Times"who are puzzled about and he tries to avoid mistakes.

this enigma of 1948. {Concluded on page 94)

FEBRUARY 1948 *U Hie LA M0V-E-S 0NElder Richards Visits South America and its parent organization, the Gen- "Older Stephen L Richards of the ealogical Society of Utah for twenty

Council of the Twelve is making years, has been named vicepresident a tour of the three South American of the organization, succeeding the late

Missions of the Church, in Brazil, Bishop Joseph Christenson.

Argentina, and Uruguay, Elder Rich- L. Garrett Myers, superintendent of

ards, who is accompanied by his wife, is the Genealogical Society, and bishop of the first of the General Authorities to the Salt Lake City Thirtythird Ward, visit in South America since that contihas also been named a director of the nent was opened for missionary work by society.

Elder Melvin J. Ballard, of the Council

of the Twelve, in 1925. Elder Ballard Temple Square

was accompanied, at that time, by "pLANS for redecorating the interior of

Elders Rulon S. Wells and Rey L. the Bureau of Information building

Pratt of the First Council of the on Temple Square have been anSeventy. nounced. The improvements include

meal in a jilty when you open a new floor coverings, new furnishings, big jar of plumbing fixtures, and the refinishing of

Plant Processing Microfilm fireplace. LYNDEN CHICKEN and NOODLES quantities of the of large Processing

In the renovating program the Aswith possible microfilm has become aisle receive covHall will sembly new and NOODLES TURKEY LYNDEN at plant of the completion a processing in will ering; the changes minor be made

Society, noodles offices oodles of and Genealogical the the of Each has in baptismal Tabernacle, and the room fowl Salt favorite of your plenty Lake City. 80 North Main Street, that building's basement will be reoperation, or chicken prefer equipment, whether you now in The is decorated.

turkey. The flavor is rich and capable of processing twenty feet of

tempting. thirtyfive mm. film a minute. Relief Society Board Just heat and eat—or serve in ATrs. Belle S. Spafford, general

any one of many simple ways. Elias A. Smith president of the Relief Society,

Here's one suggestion for a Judge Elias Asael Smith, community has announced the addition of two new quickfix dinner that is thoughtful and Church leader, died December members to the general board of that of your budget! 6, in Salt Lake City, at the age of organization. They are Mrs. Aleine

SAUCEY CASSEROLE ninety. His father, Elias Smith, was a M. Young and Mrs. Elen Louise W.

To a 16oz. jar of LYNDEN EGG full cousin of the Prophet Joseph Smith. Madsen.

NOODLES AND CHICKEN add a Judge Smith, a Salt Lake County proMrs. Young, the wife of Lorenzo

can of mushroom soup, V* cup bate judge in the eighties, had also S. Young, Salt Lake City architect, has

grated cheese, V2 teaspoon salt, served as a member of the territorial been active in the auxiliary organizaand 1 beaten egg. Combine in a legislature, as a Salt Lake County tions of the Church in the wards and

casserole and top with 1 cup butselectman, and as a bank and insurance in the stakes where she has lived, being tered crumbs. Bake at 350 degrees executive. He was sustained as a mempresident of the Bonneville Stake Refor 30 minutes. ber of the Salt Lake Stake high counlief Societies at the time of this appointcil in 1885, when there was only one ment.

stake in the valley. With the organizaMrs. Madsen, the wife of Francis

tion of the Liberty Stake in 1904, he A. Madsen, Salt Lake City furniture

was sustained as a member of that company executive, has likewise been

Fine flavored stake high council. He had served conactive in Primary, Sunday School,

Noodles Egg for councils tinuously on high She work. Society more Mutual, and Relief

concentrated in years, believed a record than sixtytwo of the Stake Emigration was president with debroth licious pieces to be unparalleled in the history of the Relief Societies at the time of this apof CHICKEN Church. pointment.

or TURKEY.

Welfare Quotas Temple Square Visitors HPhe nineteen welfare regions of the rpHE centennial year—1947—bowed

Church accepted their 1948 quotas out with one more "first"to its in December. The quotas were about credit: For the first time in history

seventyfive percent of the 1947 quotas, over a million persons had visited Temthough they may have to be suppleple Square in a year. President Richmented later in the new year. ard L. Evans, the bureau director, reported that the year's total reached

1,003,218, as compared with 719,765

Genealogical Society for 1946. The most popular month for

P\r. John A. Widtsoe of the Council visits to Temple Square was August,

Z&f&&& UOS&UH& jtyfcrt&tS of the Twelve, a director of the when 221,418 came.

Genealogical Society of the Church (Continued on page 115) 68 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PRIESTHOOD, SUNDAY SCHOOL, M.I. A.,

RELIEF SOCIETY, PRIMARY 1948 BOOKS, AIDS AND SUPPLIES PRIESTHOOD:

Documentary History of the Church (Vol. I) $1.50

Study Guide $.35

SUNDAY SCHOOL:

Picture sets: Nursery 25c; Kindergarten 25c; Primary 25c

First Intermediate—Church History set 96 pictures $3.00

Second Intermediate—Old Testament set $1.50

Junior Department—Church History set, 96 pictures $3.00

HELPFUL BOOKS OF REFERENCE:

Nursery, Kindergarten, Primary—A STORY TO TELL $2.00

MY PICTURE BOOK OF SONGS $2.50

First Intermediate—ESSENTIALS IN CHURCH HISTORY $2.50

RESTORED CHURCH $2.50

Senior Department—ARTICLES OF FAITH $1.75

SEVENTIES COURSE IN THEOLOGY $1.00

Excellent explanation of our Standard Works

Advanced Senior—TEACHINGS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH $2.50

Gospel Message—SUGGESTIONS TO MISSIONARIES - $1.00

Genealogical Training—MORMON GENEALOGIES $2.75

Teacher Training—THE MASTER'S ART $1.25

Gospel Doctrine—OUR BOOK OF MORMON $2.50

FROM BABEL TO CUMORAH $2.25

STORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON—Pierce $3.00

M. I. A.

See "Recommended Readings for M. I. A."Advertised in the January "Era."

Visual Aids:

Junior Prom; Dinner Party;

Basketball films—ball handling, defensive footwork, basket shooting.

Boy Scout films.

Write for special catalog of rental rates.

RELIEF SOCIETY:

For study of the literature of the Doctrine and Covenants:

SEVENTIES COURSE IN THEOLOGY $1.00

Excellent chapters on the Doctrine and Covenants

GOSPEL QUOTATIONS By Judge Henry H. Rolapp....$1.25

PRIMARY ASSOCIATION:

MY PICTURE BOOK OF SONGS $2.50

A STORY TO TELL $2.00

DESERET"THE BOOK CENTERBOOKOF THE INTERMOUNTAINCOMPANYWEST'44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City. Utah

Please send to address below the books checked above. Herewith find $

Name..... Address

FEBRUARY 1948 69 /t /f fi *,...AND SO THE MOViCS

WWf.Enome/ Humor films that should not be tolerated just as there are some kinds of g gv itell, what shall we take in tolaughter and funny stories that

WW night?"John asks Mary as should not be told.

"moviebound they climb into w0mmmM the car. "Oh, let's see something One of the plays that illustrates

that will give us a laugh."And they the wrong kind of "funniness"

drive around shopping the titles, was first produced on Broadway as maybe popping out of the car to a legitimate drama and then made look at the stills. When the title into a movie. This play, Arsenic and

and the stills* or the actors look Old Lace, capitalizes on the misfor- "funny"enough, they park the car, tune of people whose insanity be- v and the show is "taken in."comes a horrible sort of humor. This

Naturally, we all need humor, for movie dupes the audience into humor is the genuine, downto-earth laughing at people who should be expression of good nature that receiving sympathy and help rather breaks out when the ludicrous hapthan heartless mirth. Certainly such

pens and revives those who experilaughter on the part of any of us ence it. If it weren't for a sense of tends to dry up the kindness that

<rai humor, we should all be in a sad we are supposed to feel for those way at times. But genuine humor is less fortunate. Surely laughter of

THE BRIGHTEST, PRETTIEST GLOSS quite different from the shoddy subthis sort is incompatible with our acyou've ever seen! And it j/dyj glossy stance that sometimes is pawned off ceptance of and adherence to Chrislong after ordinary enamel dulls! for it. tian philosophy.

,--'Some years ago an article was Another kind of "funniness"depublished which is well worth perpends on the belittling of people X ennial rereading. The following exthrough sarcasm. Sometimes their

cerpt is pertinent to this discussion: peculiarities or deformities are

singled out for malicious comment.

American character has become less posiThis again hinders the best Chris-

.. it. the faults tive than once was, we tian development of the person who

those are developing been of weakCIN-DEK have ness rather than of strength.... Our inindulges in this kind of humor.

dignation has too short a lease; our anger The movie, The Senator Was

is too often stillborn. We are cursed with Indiscreet, is another example of

off. things readiness have to laugh a We \ ENAMEL* stay lost the capacity to get and mad poor taste in humor. While the mad

until we have smashed the thing that anirony is clear, still the knowledge gered us.... A truly humorous people, that a man who had been senator

which we once were, can be capable of a for some thirty years could do

... anger. our steady humor and slow president unless he became nothing Brushes the without on heavy, rests wit. on a brittle Humor; but has become in is certain repercussions to have armtiring"drag"of ordinary enamel! atconfident and reasoned a solid base,—a Selfleveling. Leaves no brush marks. governthe democratic is belittling the wisecrack titude toward life,—but dustfree! Dries quickly—itself, proved has thereof. which sufficient ment, All by the emoour to hour

tions are a flash in the pan.1 and large, to be the best kind of

government. The antics of the

Covers far more area than orThis same lack of genuine humor protagonist disgusted the intelligent dinary enamel. So durable that it has carried over into the movies in onlooker who felt that somehow he

withstands abuse, washings, mild many instances. There is a great had been "taken in"instead of "takchemicals, steam, boiling watervariety of "funny"pictures, from ing in"a movie.

chipping, without marring pr dis- "slapstick"Someup—or down! coloring. Apply in indoor and outthe it on the movies Sometimes

is legitimate; times the "funniness"surfaces door with success! complete the of the dignity lessens laughter

it is experinot. All of us sometimes

dignity is an whose human spirit are that happenings strange *CinDek "400"is the supreme ence Christianity. of part inherent

that things sey do and we achievement of more than 50 odd; are Whenever we allow ourselves to

sitsmile. paint years of Pabco a bring research funny and Some

infirmity that cannot laugh at some—f/ie finest enamel we have uations become ludicrous—therefore ourselves corrected, demean be we ever made! and should laugh "funny."We can belittle humanity. and at ourselves for some of our misTHE PARAFFINE COMPANIES, INC. takes and actions. But there are Nowadays it seems that humor is

SAN FRANCISCO 19, CALIFORNIA some kinds of socalled "funny"more raucous and hilarious than it was formerly. The quiet, gentle,

i-The ColAtlantic January Monthly. 1938, "The 3-4 kindly humor seems to be a thing of of pages Conscience"lapse Donald Adams, by J.

"70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the past. The movies now have to

be full of horseplay and clowning if they are acceptable—and the audience itself is to blame. We need to (JjtduaJblsL Sookbu foA.

cultivate within ourselves the restrained, refined humor that can see fun in words, things, and situations which do not poke fun at the handicaps of others. A great comedian HIGHWAY HELPS

knows the tragedies of life and finds things to laugh at in spite of the sorLIGHTS ALONG LIFE'S in is alwaysrows. There great GREAT HIGHWAY to tragedy. a closenesscomedy

Someone defined comedy as "tragAnaries.outstandingPacked lullbookof formissionarymission-

. topics... 150. brief.. Writtendiscussionswith theofedy standing on its head with its topicsgospel

express purpose of meeting missionpants torn."$2.00 ary needs.

By Ezra L. Marler

Rach of us wishes to find release—the right kind of humor will

release us and renew us. In the

movies, as in all our life, we should demand that the right kind of humor be filmed. How important humor is

in the life of men as of nations canMAN AND estimated. But at leastnot be one THE DRAGON to ascerhas made the attemptman

tain the ingredients that go into certain qualities—and apply them tonations. Maybe the movies we are $2.00

making could be a better reflection By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

of genuine humor if they were combined with the other ingredients that DISCOURSES OF WILFORD WOODRUFF

Dr. Lin Yutang mentions: The Compiledclear, directby Dr.andG. powerfulHomer Durhamteachings

of Wilford Woodruff, fourth President of Send Books Checked Below: the Latterday $2.50 Saint Church

I have often thought of formulas by

PRICELESS INTERPRETATIONS GOSPEL OF GEMS progress of D ASSORTED human the mechanismwhich $2.50 Dr. A. Widtsoe John VALUE

can be expressed. change toand historical B. Lundwall volume the original pubCompiled A companion by N.

Reconciliations."lication, "Evidences and as follows: to be seemThey

CHRIST IN WITNESS FOR i $2.25 A NEW equals animal be- $2.50 dreams Reality minus AMERICA LAST DAYS Kirkham Dr. Francis W.ing. Smith Robert

to pertinent compilation of prophecies plus Reality THE MAN OF YOUNG future. dreams equals a heartache Apresent of D BRIGHAM near Hundreds and

.$2.00 THE HOUR S. of vital to interest L. D. prophecies idealism). called (usually D. Widtsoe Leah $2.00 300 Nearly pages

Reality plus humor equals realism (also called conservatism). GilbertL. D. S. CharlesSCRIPTURESOrme FAMILY ETERNALRoy West $2.25

ref- S. Church The fanaticism. equals minus humor Dreams

side erence index firstbookandwithonly handyL. D.

$4.50. subjects. 319 covering 3000 references fantasy. equals plus humor Dreams.. D HIGHWAY EzraHELPSL. Marler $2.00

Reality plus dreams plus humor equals SUNLIGHT AND SHADOWS PROPHETSTATES- SMITH: L. Zobell, Albert D JOSEPHwisdom. MAN for of those theJr.use designed handbook A Dr. G. Durham.$2.25 Homer to are called at funerals. upon speak who

nations in analyzes Lin Dr. $2.00Then $1.75 P MAN ANDDr. THEJohnDRAGONA. Widtsoe QUEST THE this formula: ofthe light O. F. Ursenbach

of his story that convinced who, one The the not religion true one, own was set D OUR BOOKDr. SidneyOF MORMONB. Sperry.$2.50 -the English $2.25 Christ's true find out tp Church

R aD8H 3S J- -the French D THEIRS ISWendellTHE KINGDOMJ. Ashton $2.00

-the Americans R SD3H 2S 2- $3.00 CONCERN IT MAY 3- Ashton D TO WHOMMarvin O. -the Germans R'D'fFS

RD*H 1S 1- -the Russians UTAH THE STORY OF HER PEORD,H1S 1- -the Japanese PLE Dr. Milton R. Hunter $2.75

R'DWS'- -the Chinese* THE HOUSE OF ISRAEL $3.00

1186 So. Main, Salt Lake City 4, Utah E. L. Whitehead

What we accept as humor bePhone: 7-7911 UTAH INDIAN STORIES.$2.25

comes an important factor in shapUSE THIS HANDY ORDER FORM PaymentDr.EnclosedMilton R. Hunter C.O.D.

ing our lives as individuals and our nations as countries among other Name nations. Address -

—AT. C. /. AddThese,2%andsalesmanytax inotherUtahbooks are available at Bookcraft. Send for complete list.

3The Importance of Living. Lin Yutang. page* 6-7

FEBRUARY 1948 71 a

(D&Wl Luuwl: andRussia,hatredunless betweenhalted, willourselvesbring in andits

For Best Re wake one of the "direst tragedies in the history of the world,... with inis a very special

tellectual and spiritual degradation, and month, foriebruaryit brings with it the ageold possibly annihilation of our civilizato of love custom a sending message it If this tion."leave comes, war may

it so, dear. those hold we And whom entire silent continents and empty

for appropriate Gleaner seems your to shining sea.""from sea amber The

valentine to to send committee a you grain will of selfsown be waves and of love. reaped only by birds and rodents.

We love you for holding strictly to But, you say, these problems are for the Gleaner code. The Sheaf. We the leaders of nations to solve. What

know that this will strengthen your can I, a lone Gleaner, do to help bring character and bring you real happiness. love and peace into the world? The

We love you for the vitality, inwaging of peace requires allout deterest, and enthusiasm that you bring votion, and if every Gleaner in the to the Gleaner program. This is helpChurch will exert her influence this

ing to make Gleaner work an outstandmonth and every month to show her ing contribution to community life. love for her fellow men and look for

We love you for your high ideals the good in others, there will be a total and goals for the future. These will force for good that will bring moral

give the Gleaner program a good start strength to the nation. The qualities of

on its second twentyfive years. character most desirable for good relaAnd we love you just because you tions in our homes, neighborhoods, and

are you. communities are precisely the qualities

Now, won't you use this opportunity which are most needed in world relato extend a message of love to your tions.

family, your friends, and neighbors? Do not imagine for one moment that

To love one another is one of the great you have no responsibility in waging commandments, yet conditions in the the peace. A third world war need

IB* *W/"world today indicate that most of us not happen. You can help to prevent

living this are not up to commandment. it. Petty differences of race, creed, and I LJq

the recent party At a "Truth or game circumstances economic easily can be T-84.MILKrvAKttftTlO,

Consequences"was played, and a perforgotten if you remember that we are son was asked to describe love. The all children of our Father in heaven and

response was, "Love is a fourletter have been commanded to "love one word, if spelled backwards is 'evol'."another."

Perhaps we have been going at this This month take occasion to show commandment backwards, which might your family how much you love them;

account for much of the evil in the let your Gleaner leader know that you world today. Have you read the adappreciate her services. In all your

dress by President Clark "Let Us Have contacts be the means of spreading

Peace''in the November 22 issue of good will, friendliness, and neighborliThe Deseret Newsl It is a masterness. You will be sowing seeds that

piece of careful study. worthy and He will bring a rich harvest for you—indicates that backusing some we are Gleaner.

handed methods and are on the wrong track if we expect peace and love to Sincerely, rule in the world. Our methods are

fostering hatred, suspicion, and fear, k- PRICELESS which will bring the opposite of peace.

WHEN YOU NEED IT! He asserts that the jealousy, rivalry,

There is no substitute for insurance... and when you need it.

will you have it? Don't take

chances with costly losses... insure and be sure! Your local Kolob

Agent is an insurance specialist insurance.. consultneedshim change.frequently as your Drama and Book Awards

More REPthan 300 KOLOB all awards, amounting to $10,- out entry fee to residents of the serve RESENTATIVES sections Drama000, will be made by The United States or its possessions, Montana andof Utah,Nevada.Idaho,

A GENERAL INSURANCE Christophers, a nationwide moveand to Canadian citizens, regardless

AGENCY Frank Salisbury, Mgr. ment seeking by constructive action of race or religious belief. The

to restore Christian values to all contests close November 15, 1948, phases of public life. Three awards and full details for them can be obwill be made: first prize of $5,000, tained from The Christophers, 121

second of $3,000, and third of East 39th Street, New York 16.

$2,000. The book awards are The prizes are outright gifts and

$15,000 for first place, $10,000 for all rights whatsoever remain with second, and $5,000 for third, and the authors. Judges in the contests

330 Judge Bldg. Phone 4-8451 are, like the play awards, open withare preeminent in their fields.

72 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...ft

HOIK too, sail on. Ship of State!

Sail on* 6 Union, strong and great r

Humanity with all its feanv

With all the hopes of future years*

Is hanging breathless on thy fate)..

Sail on, nor fear to breast the sea 1

Our hearts, pur hopes, are all with thee.

Our hearts, our hopes, our prayers, our tears.

Our faith triumphant o'er our fears.

Are all with thee—are all with theel

'THE BUILDING OF THE SH If"—Long fellow

WINTERLAND By Lizabeth Wall

not changed at all, these winhave They hills. tered

Year after year their quiet, drifted slopes

Have been the same. Man and his vagrant

RETURNING THE GREAT TRIUMVIRATE wills

Have changed. Man and his eversearch-

By Maryhale Woolsey By Ormonde Butler ing hopes

the evening's near years, long andAfter Still rise and fall and pass. But these remain: faith faith, leans and on hope, on Love dark, lifted Tall, under dreaming mountains know, on hope God; we And to this place iagain remembered snows of these, the souls men owning to me. once home was IWhichcomecome other have snows and other dreams Where trod. follow he where y eyes SoCan retrace lain,

familiar finding landscape, mark. noThe the this, sleepingseason, comes and As is strong help enough angel No paths from vanished I walked, haveOld goes. all three; save without the To scene; of triumvirate great him The

I trees tall trees of are children These not have changed at all. RememberThey free. men came to make Who knew, ing

Whose memory stands green and lovely The vanished Aprils and their lilac through breath,The thickening glass of time—unchanged, They sleep their long, white sleep. Another

serene. MEMORY OF LINCOLN Shallspringone day call them from this little

I of yet sense a have welcome...And death. Christie Jewries By here, their coverlet, beneath they lie deep Now

if invisible but eager hands As winterland awaiting winterset his guarded fame A brought years have in greeting out to known,Reached one still THE luster, dear, new Homecoming at long last from distant Have made his memory a living thing, lands. Around which legend and tradition cluster, HER LEGACY

Colorful as prairie blossoms in the spring.

No place where once my life has lived a By Ida Elaine James part, His charity was wider than the ocean;

Can ever be, again, strange to my heart. His simple faith was deeper than the sea; Give her expectancy, though not too

A nation not too great for his devotion much

To compass it in love and loyalty. Enough to keep her faith alive;

And THESE THREE I NEED And even now, his precepts, strong and A curbtolerancefor impulse,to bearwhothewouldcommondive touch;

By Elsie Chamberlain Carroll ready, Too far within the evilsmelling retreat

Like patient counselors will help us learn Of this world's failings. Give her light

Dear Lord, so many things I need of In this grim world, one refuge remains Along the alleylabyrinths of deceit thee, steady Where conscience sputters out at night.

But I need most thy help in three: There is a God to whom mankind can turn, Give her awareness; give her many doors

That vision may not ever shrink

Help me accept without complaint or grief And find in him new fervor in believing, From narrow aisles; unstinted love that

The things I cannot change. Be they belief, New faith in humankind, new consecrapours

External things beyond my mortal power, tion, Without the asking, alms. And link

My handicaps that vex me every hour, New strength to use liberty's retrieving Her dreams with clouds, though clouds and

The faults and weaknesses of those most With honor to our people and our nation. dreams must break;

dear, No broken soul but dreams can mend it.

Grave problems of the world I dread and Think where the clouds and dreams have fear soared to make If I cannot change these things at all, Joy's magic! Only dreams can lend it.

May I not beat my heart against a wall. And taking to herself dream's firstborn,

Laughter, But give me courage. Lord, and faith and She shall make much of her while young:

will The music sing through rain that follows

If these things can be changed, to struggle after till Clouds, wherever dreams are flung.

The battle's won and never count the cost;

But graciously accept a battle lost;

Then go on fighting still another foe,

Or seeking other fertile seeds to sow. BELOVED AMERICAN

And give me wisdom, Lord, that I may see By Josephine J. Harvey

Which obstacles and trials are for me:

learn are the crosses tall, to bear I must '"Phis Which man—standing

with surmount and work And which I may all. was equality for * Whosegiantdreamof a

prayer.

His understanding counsel seemed allwise

So many things, dear Lord, I need of thee, To friends whose hearts were touched with

But most of all I need these three. grief.

Though sadness lingered in his deepset

THE PLUS IN LIVING His eyes.sense of humor often brought relief.

By Kenneth Davidson There was something in his rugged face grace. quiet of inner spoke That insists who HE his getting share On the heights climbed apart and walked He

it gets Usually selfcontrol. darkness, with love and From to spare! nothing With of his could the heart measure width Who

But he who believes Or the depth of the great man's soul?

In giving others their fill has say a man Who can too, his portion, Gets FAIRBANKS BY AVARD LINCOLN ABRAHAM the simple he words will. SCHOOL, HAWAII When PLANTATION FOR EWA lot of good Plus a foreverspoke—livegone on!

74 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE FOUNDERS OF UTAH By PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

up the very men to prepare the Constitution.

Tn July 1947, the governors of fortyfour of the So these Pioneers did not hold the Constitusovereign states and of three of the territories tion of our country nor the laws of our land held their annual conference in Salt Lake City, responsible for their sorrow. But knowing

Utah. prior evening, July 13, On Sunday to the that God was their Father and knowing that of the the sessions, governors commencement

were entertained at the Tabernacle on Temple he had made them the promise long before

Square by a special program, featuring the that if they would seek first the kingdom of

Tabernacle choir and organ with Helen TrauGod and his righteousness, all other things bel, dramatic soprano of the Metropolitan Opera would be added, and believing this, their faith

President Albert welGeorge Smith Company.

is brought them into this desert land. delegates. Editor's This comed the Page

taken from that heretofore unpublished talk. Many of them came with ox teams. Some

of them were not so fortunate as to have that kind of conveyance. Approximately four

thousand of them walked all the way from 6,'rethren and sisters, all children theIowaplains,City andwithpushedall theirtheirearthlyhandcartsbelongings.across

of our Heavenly Father, I rejoice that we They had a serious time.

have the privilege to meet in this house which Two of those companies of handcart pioyears ago was dedicated to the worship of neers were caught in the first snows of winter, our Father in heaven. From that time until and many of them died of starvation and

now those who have worshiped here have felt cold. It is probable that all who comprised

that when they came here they were his those groups would have lost their lives, but guests. it happened that at that time some elders of

And so tonight in this sacred service of the Church who were on their way here from song, I am sure we will all feel that it is a the East to attend a Church conference privilege to be in the Lord's house on the passed where these pioneers were, concluded evening of the Lord's day, with our hearts that they would be caught in a snowstorm, attuned to his will and with a desire to enjoy and reported their fears to President Brigham the sacred strains of music that come to us Young. President Young called! his assoby the sweet voices not only of our soloists ciates together, adjourned the conference,

and choir but also the sweet music that comes and immediately sent out a rescue party comfrom the great organ. posed of the best available teams and wagons

A hundred years ago tonight the first comin the valley, with medicine, food, and everypany of Pioneers on their way to the Salt thing that was needed. The result was that

Lake Valley camped about seventyfive miles all those who were still alive were brought from where we now are. In looking over my into this valley and made comfortable.

grandfather's journal I find that he makes As I have traveled through the states of the this statement: "We found ice on our water American Union ( and I have been in all your

buckets this morning."states, you governors who are here tonight),

They were pioneering the way; they were I have found friendly men and women like

seeking a place where they might worship you who are here, and I stand here to say

God according to the dictates of their own that I have been treated as the Lord has inconsciences, and allow all other men the same dicated men should be treated when they are privilege, let them worship how, where, or on his mission doing his service. I have been

what they may. They were the first of aptreated as a brother and friend by most of the

proximately twenty thousand people who people I have met while I have been travelwere ruthlessly driven from their homes and ing in his service. To you men who are here

compelled to find sanctuary among the wild tonight, representatives from great states and beasts and the still more savage red men. their associates, I hope you will feel as welBut they knew the Constitution of the come with us as I have felt in the many states

United States was inspired of God. A revelaof the Union.

tion to that effect stated that he had raised (Continued on page 126)

FEBRUARY 1948 The NAVAJO... his predicament

in to them. former to its haunts gering blow no There was The First of Two Articles Redondo

ii substitute; steadnine or conditions Arizona, there were about became

a fierce, untamable, uncomten thousand tribe members. The ily worse.

INpromising, barren land in the reservation which was given to them Then came the blasting of Pearl great Southwest was found a by the United States was vast in Harbor. About 3,400 of the Navajo

century ago a fierce, proud, aristoarea, but of comparatively little boys were called into the service, cratic, and restless people, the Navalue. Ten thousand Indians could and around 15,000 Navajos were

vajo Indians. Warriors they were, and did, for a long time, make a fair called into war industries. The allotfeared by their neighbors and hated living from the wastelands. But the ment from their service boys and the

by their enemies. Today this same tribe increased, and the productivity wages from the industries helped

vast, forbidding wasteland is still of the reservation decreased; evenmaterially to cushion the blow of the

their home, and their passionate detually, of course, the two trends stock reduction. But now in 1948

votion to it may come from the fact deadlocked. From approximately the war is over. The allotments have

that the present generation has 10,000 Indians in 1868, it is esticeased, and the war industries are known nothing else. There could mated that there are now 64,000, an closed. Employment is on a more

hardly be found a more desolate, increase of some six hundred forty highly competitive scale, and the Instern, bitter, and impossible land on percent. dian, speaking generally, is relewhich to settle, but nonetheless here

we found them, and here we leave ithem. However, when we found

Jthem a hundred years ago, there |were no reservation restrictions, no 'stock reduction program, no fish and;game laws. They were happy and

independent. But today, they are

cold and hungry, illiterate and helpless.

Why do we single out the Navajo jfrom among the many tribes of Indians in America? The answer is

that, of all the Indians in the United

States, the Navajo tribe is the largest, constituting about onesixth of: all the Indians, and further, they are

undoubtedly the most deprived and \ denied group of all. The Hopis and

: some other small surrounding tribes

are usually grouped with the Navajos.

Why, when we have heard so little of him in years past, all this sudden attention to the Navajo?

Service Navajo courtesg Snow, Milton This question is being asked con-—Photographs,

this hogan, their Inside Navajo wretched mud stantly since the press, life. necessities the radio, is for destitute of family the

and the pulpit of Their increasing sheep have number brought to our ment>SUK?Sand thev aretSJZTLSZalmost without hope. attention the sad plight erosion out the grass, pounded and of the most

unfortunate group of people within became a menace. In the thirties

our borders. The Navajo is proud the government required a considergated to the reservation with its bleak

: and intelligent. He is industrious, able reduction in the number of and foreboding aspects. The clash

talented, and resourceful. Then sheep. Thus their means of earning between population and productivwhy is he in his present predica- a livelihood was immediately cut, ity has brought them now to the

ment? Let us consider briefly the for the Navajo people are pastoral point where the reservation will not

and depend mostly upon the sheep, sustain life for their growing popuunderlying causes of the serious The mutton they eat; the pelt they lation, especially when a long, cold

dilemma in which the 1948 Navajo use for bedding and rugs; the wool winter follows a period of drouth

finds himself. they use for weaving; and somewhich further reduces the few prodtimes they sell the increase in their ucts of the soil, otherwise usually

\\7hen the United States Army perflocks for money with which to purdependable.

mitted the Navajo tribe to rechase other items needed. The reAnd so we find these people return from the captivity of Bosque duction of the sheep came as a stagduced in their opportunities—almost

76 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ow spencer \AJ. J\im,ball j -f

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

helpless in their extremity—and almost hopeless as they look toward

any improvement in their conditions.

HPhe Navajo is intelligent. Doles

and food parcels are not the answers to his problems; he begs for

schools for his children. He realizes

that with schools his posterity will some day become independent and selfsupporting. As long as he

stands knocking at the door helplessly and unheard, he will be a hiss and a byword, a dependent, and a pitiable creature. He is proud, but frontA typicalof theirNavajomud hogan.familyThisof homeChinlehasValleyneitherin

he has been living in a disappointchildren,"they say, "we will some drenwindowsare norwithouta permanentopportunitiesdoor. forHereschoolingthe chilor ing and frustrating world so long day be able to get along. We are training.

that he asks for his rights with fear a ward of the people, which means and trembling and apology. He has that we are slaves. They chase us that all men are created equal, that

for generations asked for bread, and with a gun and march us down to they are endowed, by their Creator, we have given him a stone; he has Fort Sumner. We have no vote. "with certain unalienable rights,

asked for fish, and we have given We cannot better our conditions. that among these are life, liberty,

1 him a serpent. So long has he been Why? Why?"and the pursuit of happiness."

denied his rights that he has all but And so they continue to beg for It is inconceivable that 64,000 surrendered. But there are leaders schools. Many intelligent citizens people in the United States are such

among this people who still have the ask, "Do you mean there are no victims of discrimination. The Navvision of the future for their chilschools for the Navajos?"They are ajo is a ward; he has neither opdren, who still have faith in a govshocked when they learn the truth. portunity, education, equality, nor

ernment which has promised but has The majority of Navajo children are the rights of "liberty and the purnot fulfilled. born, live their span of life, and die suit of happiness."We may admit

"If we only had schools for our without ever having an opportunity that he is not now deprived of life, to attend school. This is in our land but he is given little chance to susof opportunity, our land of educatain it, and almost no opportunity tb A group of Wingate Vocational High School

girls modeling it. Navajo

learned to which they theirmakeseniorin promtheirformatshome tion, our land in which we believe enjoy economics training classes. Because the Navajo is a federal

responsibility, the separate states do not provide him with the usual blessings given to the other residents of the state. And because the government has failed to provide schools,

the Navajo goes without schooling.

True, there are a few day schools, a few boarding schools, and some institutes, but including every type of education, our government only provides for possibly 4,500 of the 24,000 children. Certain churches

have built some schools and are helping with the program; perhaps

totaled, all schools give some measure of training to about 5,000 children. But since there are about

24,000 of school age, there are about 19,000 boys and girls who have no chance to attend. There are probably another 25,000 people of the

tribe who have passed school age and who have never had any school- (Continued on page 78)

'The Declaration of Independence

FEBRUARY 1948 77

THE NAVAJO... HIS PREDICAMENT

{Continued irom page 77) Even among those Navajos who If there is any question as to their ing, making a backlog of perhaps are often termed "educated,"we wanting education, read this pitiful as many as 44,000 who have been find few who can be so rated by our plea:

so sorely deprived. standards. An "educated"Navajo Our little children beg us to go to school,

Will the Navajos go to school if is one who has had some schooling but there is none for them. We have no

the opportunity is provided? This and speaks some English. Of 195 influence over Congressmen in Washington.

right vote, although to the not have do families We in hundred one an literates with be answeredquestion can citizens, our taxes, are send and pay we fortythat it found studied, was have yes! There mayemphatic, battle. to S. makes Congress sons U. The

first grade, the completed seven had disinthey were countries, treaties when and big makes otherbeen times with terested in schools, but that is not twentyeight the second, twentybig loans, but not once in history has it true now. Parents are more than three the third, twenty the fourth, observed the Sacred Treaty made with the

in 1868, in it promwhich Nation Navajo fifth grade eighth to from All sixtyone children. their to schoolanxious thirty for teacher every ised and a school the of sixteen only inclusive, and secondinterests become their other children.

ary. The children who can attend 195 had had more than the eighth

make eighty percent to ninety pergrade. What is this treaty of 1868 to

cent attendance, we are told, even It is a tragic situation when there which they cling? Let us examine it.

under the present difficult circumis in our own country a large minorThe treaty reads in part as follows stances of distances and poverty. ity who are so unschooled. It is reYes, they will go to school if it is ported that in the United States TREATYbetween

provided. 3.7 percent of the people have no THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

Will the Navajo revert to his forschooling; and the

INDIANS TRIBE OF trained? after being As status mer of Indians generally have NAVAJO percent 25.2 1, 1868 Concluded June

is child schooling; occasional no an as only long 25, 1868 Ratification advised July

educated, he will likely revert to his 66.0 percent of the Navajos have no Proclaimed August 12, 1868

former condition, but we feel safe schooling. ANDREW JOHNSON

in predicting that when universal PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED Why? STATES OF AMERICA accredited training comes to every

SINGULAR TO ALL AND TO WHOM to girl, as it does and boy Navajo COME, SHALL PRESENTS THESE will children, there of our each own GREETING: FAITH

be little reversion. They will not

even return to the reservation but By Louis 1. Levitt WHEREAS, a Treaty was made and

the Terin Sumner, at Fort concluded in the rightful place their will take vision, of first radiant word; the of day ritory Magic on Mexico New Faith! better methwill accept world. They the soul, awakens parties above the and as [It then That stirs June. names

ods. The father of two of our The mother of will and decision stated.]

goal! the to battle your way To girls Agreement attendArticles of little and Treaty a Navajo brightest

liberator Faith! brave Our into Sumner, Fort entered at and made in Blanding, school the ing Church apprehension, and feardoubt, From 1868, 1st of the June day Mexico, on New Creator of our a only envoy day, after The one Utah, came STATES, between and by UNITED THE cheer! of of carrier hope and The to for them, training of few weeks Lieut. its Commissioners represented thunder; by rage violent storms and Let

learn if he could build his house not Let the earth tremble under your feet; General W. T. Sherman and Colonel

far from the schoolhouse. He said Your Faith—the invisible wonder Samuel F. Tappan, of the one part, and

that he wanted to build a house like Will never despair or retreat! the Navajo nation or tribe of Indians, repChiefs and Headmen, by their our houses, a house with doors, winresented

to act for empowered and duly authorized chairs, tables, and floors, with dows, that said also bedsteads. He his The Navajo is entitled to good thethe wholeother part,peoplewitness:of said nation or tribe, of

girls were learning to read and schools, but he doesn't get them. [The signatories comprise an impressive

write, and that he wanted a place Indian parents state that when their list of high government officials including off reservation resthe States. United of the President go to the A they could sit at the children where for them

the that indicating olution is appended schools, in state their work continue table keep clean. and the of ratified the Senate treaty by was invariably demoted are children the

United States and indicating twothirds of 'T'hough the government guaranone, two, or three grades. the senators present concurring. It was also

little unof headmen these parents twentynine the signed mark by But by for every Navajo school a teed chiefs.] and for grateful be fortunates would the figures following the show child,: 1 this forward Article day From From if could schools, they inferior even guarantee. of the this agreesuccess to parties of the all degree between war

best. have the no They have not party cease. shall [Each forever ment is given year school median The chiltheir all of for at most schools its honor.] peace pledges on

as follows: dren. Here is an example: From In Article II the United States gives

the reservation to which the of boundaries petition: this came Utah, Aneth, years States 8.4 of the United Children

consigned. to are be Indians years 5.7 generally Indian children

civilinsure to the district, order 1,500 In Article in the VI: Aneth Last year.9 year children Navajo this into entering child Indians the single any of went to ization not population, a

When 19,000 receive no schoolkindold girlsof school,who wentexceptto a twowhitefourteenyear-man's school treaty,mitted the.. necessity. and theyof educationtherefore pledgeis ading whatever, it is obvious that those near Dove Creek, Colorado. We have a themselves to compel their children, male

who have been to school attend very good building at Aneth. Please do someand female, between the ages of six and

little. thing to see that we have a teacher. {Continued on page 120)

78 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IF I WERE a young husband...

i5u /4okn and

I were a young husband, I would

IF wear "the new look."Perhaps

only the initiates would recognize it, but I would feel it myself because it would be compounded of pride that anyone as lovely as my young wife should think me the most wonderful man in the world;

of determination to justify and maintain her belief; and of gratitude

to the Giver of all things that what is, possibly, the greatest opportunity in life—the opportunity of creating

ina happy my hands. marriage—is ***'%

If I were husband, a young I -TKSrAtTitwould try to know myself. I would W

know my weaknesses, and upon build humilitythem and I would full shared of such knowledge for opportunity an and money edurepentance. out hunt I would my amatters in overall helps the plancation development, and than a

I points, themgood would and upon life of ning together, a also but lucrative position befurther with no selfrespectbuild confidence. and

it if, will cause help materially her in sight. advancement

I I would and know my religion, she is placed some day, in a position If necessary helpful for or it was it I live actively. unwould would handle where these she must matters in to wife of, in place or work my

it priesthoodderstand and what my alone. I to, addition myself, try to would

in rightexercised "to bemeans lighten her by sharing work some

I ordieousness."would know the

I responsibilities. her other And

I priesthood, ofnances and my that see JU'i wouldof the additional income

I able them. to performwould be was used for some special purpose

would practise those pertaining to for that alone. This might be a TALI IT OVER andmy home right from the beginning or an education, home but I would

noras natural and themand make fact recognize the that the longer I expect not would to wife be my part of as marriagemal any a my it incomes, had the two we harder experienced an purchasing agent I let spirfunction.other would my live to would become the on one and I right start. from the surwould beitual feelings mental dominate my greater the temptation to postpone if prised pleased and she happened life. physicaland parental I responsibilities. I be, would to but expect her would to be

If I husband, were a young also recognize the fact if that few, like I much and careful myself—wise share complete life withwould my any, people think they have at times, an uncertain and overly genmy wife. I would have no secrets erous at others. And, if even small "adequate income."Someone hasfrom her—including financial sefinancial mistakes sometimes seemed stated that nearly everyone—no

crets. I would know that sharing serious, I would try to be patient matter what his financial statusshouM include a mutual understandand work out our spending together. feels that about twenty percent more

ing of our financial problems. I I would try to achieve the big ends, than he has would be enough. I

would not give her a stipulated sum and minimize personal indulgences, would try to live on my income for housekeeping and leave her but I would try, also, to recognize even though it didn't seem enough, completely in the dark regarding all the need of both of us for just such and save a little, too.

other expenses and plans, because an occasional indulgence. If I were a young husband, I

the of of livingevery phase problem would a be "Jack of all trades"and its financial aspects hastogether and Tn my career, I would try to select master one. I would of strive to be

into separated housekeepcannot be offered which work opportunity at the my chosen field—whatthe "living,"requiresing but and for growth, not only because it we ever I value would topwas—butofcareful, estimating comparative happier both be of would in growing versatility and not scorn the deevery division by everyone contogether but also because when our velopment of other talents and abilicerned. financial needs became larger, our ties I might possess. I would work

I would discuss with her quite income would also—logically and in the Church—for my own soul'sfreely the problems of taxes, interrightfully—become larger with good. I would be active physically

est, and insurance, not only because them. I would rather accept less {Continued on page 112)

FEBRUARY 1948 79 Henr E yring y BY MARBA C JOSEPHSON ASSOCIATE EDITOR

keep the faith—and yet move he enrolled in the University ofToforward in the field of science is California at Berkeley, from which

not irreconcilable, but it has institution he received his Ph.D. in

proved difficult in some instances. In chemistry in 1927.

Dr. Henry Eyring we find the desirFrom here he went directly to the

able combination of a great scientist, University of Wisconsin where he for he was selected by readers of was instructor of chemistry the first

Chemical Bulletin, a professional year and a research associate from publication of the American Chemi1928-29. Here, interestingly enough,

cal Society as one of the ten leading the current of his life was enriched HEHRY EYRING authoritieschemistry—andin theoffielda stalwartof physicalbethroughBennion ofhisGranger,meetingUtah,of whoMildredhad

liever in the Church of Jesus Christ obtained a year's leave of absence search director of the Textile Reof Latterday Saints. As he states from the University of Utah where search Institute for the years 1944in his address (see opposite page): she was assistant professor in health 46, at which time two main projects

and physical education, in order to were under investigation: a study of

For me there has been no serious diffido further study in her chosen field. the chemical properties of textile fireconciling the principles inculty of true She, too, knew the value of educabers, and a study of the bleaching and

of true religion, with the principlesscience for both are concerned with the eternal tion, for she had lost her father general molecular deterioration of verities of the universe. when she was seventeen and had dilitextiles because of chemical reacgently worked to equip herself as a tion. During World War II, he also

Probably it would be well to delve teacher. Her year's leave of absence did research work for the Army,

into the background of the man from the University of Utah was Navy, and O.S.R.D., on the theory

whose brilliance has placed him and extended permanently when she met of smokes and on the theory of high the Church of which he is an active Henry Eyring, for they were marexplosives.

member in such high eminence that ried in Chicago, August 25, 1928, Dr. Eyring's major fields of speone of his colleagues at Princeton going through the Salt Lake Temple, cialization include radioactivity, the

University said on the occasion of December 21, 1928, and the following application of quantum mechanics to

Dr. Eyring's farewell dinner: year went to Europe on their belated chemistry, the theory of reaction

working honeymoon, while he atrates, and the theory of liquids. In

I among defended Mormonism have Institute Kaiser the Wilhelm a tended various published these fields he has myself on of Jesuits and pridecommunity a National Research as in Berlin in of papers the 150 neighborhood the great issue, of course, I had though,the advantage that came from earlier argument Fellow (192930). This marriage together with special chapters in

"about it and about."has resulted in great teamwork and various chemistry books. He is counderstanding and happiness, and author with Samuel Glasstone and

Born in Colonia Juarez, Chihuafrom the marriage have come three Keith J. Laidler of the book, The

hua, Mexico, on February 20, 1901, upstanding boys: Edward Marcus, Theory of Rate Processes (1941)

he went through the difficulties of 1 7 at the present time, a high school and of Quantum Chemistry (1944) the exodus when he was eleven student and a priest in his priestwith John Walter and George Kimyears of age, at the time when so hood quorum; Henry Bennion, 14, ball.

many of the Saints were driven from a teacher in his priesthood quorum;

their homes. With his parents, Edand Harden Romney, 8. Cignal honors have come to Dr.ward Christian and Caroline Romney Eyring, and their family, which "pOLLOWiNG the year spent in GerEyring because of his accomincludes Camilla Eyring, wife of many, Dr. Eyring became a lecplishments. He has been vice presiof the dent Association American

turer in chemistry at the University Council of theSpencer W. Kimball for the Science, of Advancement California in for the school year of Pima, ofof he settled the Twelve,

Arizona. The Eyring family has 193031. In 1931 he joined the staff chairman of its chemical section, and

always been unusually active in the of the department of chemistry at recipient of the ninth award of the same association in 1932. He haseducational field, and Henry was Princeton University where he reno exception. He obtained a B.S. mained until August of 1946, when also held offices as secretary and

degree in Mining Engineering in he accepted the position as Dean of chairman of the Division of Physical 1923, and an M.S. in Metallurgical the Graduate School at the Univerand Inorganic Chemistry of the

Engineering in 1924, both from the sity of Utah. American Chemical Society, as vice

University of Arizona. The followIn addition to his work as profespresident of the Society of Rheoling year he was instructor in chemsor of chemistry at Princeton Uniogy, and is associate editor of the

istry at the same university. In 1925 versity, Dr. Eyring served as re- (Concluded on page 111)

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SCIENCE and FAITH

"CHURCH OF THE AIR"ADDRESS

Da Jwenm (Lurina DEAN, GRADUATE SCHOOL, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

taking positions so dogmatic as to astronomers measure revolutions of stifle the honest and thoughtful inthe planets in years, and the unit of quiries of youth when they needed distance, the light year, is about ten help and sought it. thousand million miles. Finally, we

I should like to say that true relicome to the spiritual world where gion was never a narrow thing. time is measured in eternities, and

True religion concerns man and the space is limitless. Thus, in thought

Given over KSL and the Columbia entire universe in which he lives. It we can travel from the almost inBroadcasting System, Sunday, concerns his relationships with himfinitesimally small to the infinitely

January 4, 1948, at 8:30 self and his fellow men, with his large.

CreGod, his and with a.m., Mountain Standard environment

limitless, as Now, curiously enough, there are ator. It is therefore and Time boundless as that eternity which it good people who would have you

all conceives that man, who teaches lies ahead of every son of believe student as a been announced have things, masters these wonderful and God. think to of science. But I also like is in part, than the them, no more

I of myself as one who loves the Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Fadust of the earth to which his body

Christ. me, there Forgospel of Jesus this is unbelievable. ther which is in heaven is perfect. (Matt. returns. To me,

in 5:48.) difficulty serioushas been no to a people represent I am happy

reconciling the principles of true sciWhat a challenge to every man lies who throughout their history have ence with the principles of true rein these words from the Master: to encouraged learning and scholarship

ligion, for both are concerned with develop himself, to strive, to learn, in all fields of honorable endeavor, the eternal verities of the universe. to seek, to go forward that he might a people who have among their

And yet there are many people, become as God. scriptural teachings such lofty conand particularly among our youth, cepts as these:

who regard the field of science and TUTan in his ceaseless search after the field of religion as two wholly truth has discovered and parThe glory of God is intelligence, or, in different spheres, the one entirely tially explored five worlds. Since other words, light and truth. (D. & C. 93:

separated from and unrelated to the these worlds differ from each other 36.)

other. In fact, there are those in in the size of the units of space and It is impossible for a man to be saved in

both fields who have done themtime, we need to describe them. In ignorance.Whatever{Ibid.,principle131:6.)of intelligence we atselves and the causes to which they our everyday, practical world, we tain unto in this life, it will rise with us in

give their interests a distinct disget along nicely with such units as the resurrection. (Ibid., 130:18.)

service in teaching that the two are opposed and that they cannot be harmonized one with the other. **(od grant that in seeking the mysteries of

And so I would like to address his handiwork, we -may also learn his great the remarks of this hour to those religious truths, which we have been prone to who find themselves troubled by an disregard, that our efforts might become a blessinner conflict between the traditioning unto us!"

al teachings of Christian faith on the chalother the hand, and on theone feet and seconds. In the chemical To us has come the following to exeducation lenge of modern

world of molecules and atoms, the which we regard as a divine injuncplore, dissect, and to test in the cold electrons complete their revolutions tion: light of fact and demonstrated

proof. I believe that many of our in a hundred million millionths of a Teach ye diligently and my grace shall second, while a million hundred that attend instructed you, be you may people have impoverishedyoung

principle, perfectly in in in theory, side side atoms extend only a more by lives their denial thoughtless by a doctrine, in the of gospel, in all the law inch. of distance Inside the one their of the faith of aspects of all that of pertain things the unto kingdom

fathers in their desire to be what nucleus of the atom, we enter a third God, that are expedient for you to underthey call scientific and objective. world, where events happen a milstand;

Now, I am also of the opinion lion times faster still, and distances earth,Of thingsand underboth thein earth;heaven thingsand inwhichthe

that some theologians have unwitare a thousand times smaller than in have been, things which are, things which tingly assisted in this rebellion by the atom. In the fourth world, the (Continued on page 82)

FEBRUARY 1948 81

enrichment to their lives by cultivatSCIENCE AND FAITH ing faith and an interest in things (Continued irom page 81) There are problems to whose solution I of the spirit as they follow their shortly to pass; things whichmust come imporgreater attach an infinitely are would other pursuits. Such faith will never

things are abroad;at home, which the wars for exto those of mathematics; tance than

and the perplexities of the nations, and the ample, touching ethics, or our relation to detract from their abilities in other judgments which are on the land; and a God, or concerning our destiny and our fields, but it will broaden their thinkknowledge also of countries and of kingfuture. ing and give added depth to their

doms—(Ibid.. 88:7879.) character.

Here is the spirit of true religion, Others might also be cited to il- I am now going to venture to say an honest seeking after knowledge lustrate that there is no inconsistthat science has rendered a service ency in being both scientist and beto religion. The scientific spirit is aof all things of heaven and earth.

liever. It would be folly, of course, spirit of inquiry, a spirit of reaching

Tn times of uncertainty, such as the to maintain that all men who have out for truth. In the final analysis,

achieved eminence in the scientific this spirit is likewise of the essence present, the increasing effort to religious men. been world have But of religion. The Savior said:understand man's place in the grand

that I think most of them have had it at acseek, of things proceeds given you; and shall be anscheme Ask, and the humility frankness the and

find; it shall shall opened and be knock, to ye pace. understandingcelerated That forces there that are acknowledge (Matt. 7:7.) you. unto labthe for not aloneis a problem

in influences the lives of men, and its will oforatory; answers be many their effect scientific into reaffirmed brought can be has in which The

spiritual. of the in the realmfound

lives, real are polaid both this which great and fundamental by down all of thatIt is important good men scientists, they, the in tent, although so has the doing Master, and will use their energies, their talents, acquainpersonal religion. have no had to given impetus may a newand their learning in their chosen their forces within those tance effect with strengthalso in Science has

fields, mutually assisting one anown experiences. ened religion by assisting in siftingother toward the building of a better

truth the chaff of I the grain of from believe, of them, would Most of which world menworld—that It is interesting to fable. that a thing to say not presume may imagined envisioned andfaith in all ages have

toward which they have labored. not be because they do not underrecall that in ages past, religious

stand it, nor would they deny the men felt that their faith hinged on

Now, of course, the scientist is validity of spiritual experiences of the notion that the earth was flat.

not in general a specialist in quesothers because they have been withHowever, when it was found to be tions of religion. But that need not out such experiences themselves. round, they discovered that their

mean that he is not a believer in the basic religious ideas had survived great principles of Christianity. Tt is interesting to inquire what without perceptible damage. In fact,

in the the of pioneers notedMany principles of great underlying the are to methods open him whoscientific faith of world were men relief bolder into faith brought were truth. religious seeks four gosThe in their fields learning chosenwhose notions false clutter of the was when tell pels the of story the Son of God their to strengthen onlyseemed them. about from removed into the lived world, came an who spiritual great a besense realm of recently, have been More life, we died, resexemplary and was their ken.yond to give obliged the old determinup If urrected. as accurate, accepted

To attempt to choose the greatest this record puts the necessity of beism of classical mechanics as well as among scientists is always a rather ing religious beyond question. Histhe idea of indestructibility of matter.

ambiguous and questionable procetory, unlike laboratory experiments, Mechanical determinism meant that dure, but among mathematicians cannot be tried over again, merely if one were given the state of the

Archimedes, Newton, and Gauss because we are not quite sure what universe at any instant of time, a are usually ranked first. the happenings meant. In this sense, sufficiently expert mathematician

About Archimedes'religious ideas religion differs from such laboratory could calculate the state of things at very little is known, but the other sciences as chemistry and physics, all times to come. This left no place

two have revealed their attitude. and is more like astronomy or hisfor the great religious principle of

Touching on Newton's position, the torical geology, where we must defree will. Then quantum mechanics

mathematician, E. T. Bell, in his pend in part on inference. In the brought with it the uncertainty prinbook Men of Mathematics, says end, however, if the inquiry is broad ciple. This principle eliminates the

enough and careful enough, we need possibility of predicting the future believer was in Newton an unquestioning allwise creatoran of the universe, in be no less sure of our final concluexactly and tends to confirm that and sions. fundamental Christian tenet thathis own inability—like the boy on the seafree agency as a divineshore—to fathom the entire ocean in all its The Lord himself outlined the man enjoys

depths. He therefore believed that there procedure when he said: gift.

were not only many things in heaven behis philosophy,yond plenty earth as but on atomic melodramatically 'T'he bomb If will his will, shall he any do man know itwell, his business to he and undermade it doctrine, the of of whether or be God, fact a discovered emphasized forstand himself the majority of inwhat

I of myself. whether speak 7:17.) (John in relativity earlier theory and intelligent of his time accepted without men

dispute (to them it was as natural as comlaboratory experiments. This fact is

I would like to suggest to that matter can disappear only tomon sense)—the traditional account of the And so

creation. the youth who may feel inclined to reappear again as energy. This

The great mathematician Gauss disparage religion as they pursue liberalization in our conceptions reindicated his view when he said: other studies, that they might bring (Concluded on page 125)

82 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OUAGUNTS

eavior Mati &Lj

Grandpa explained that he was away. We children were glad he

not really of the Paiute tribe, but a was gone.

Piede Indian who had been reared Grandma was a first Pioneer, and by the Paiutes and was not happy feeding Indians was second nature among them. His wife and boy were to her. Those old Paiutes, who

dead, so Quagunts, who was a very were old even when the whites came old Indian, and sensitive to tribal to Kanab, lounged about her kitchen ways, lived alone. door when the weight of years hung

"Quagunts,"Grandma said softheavy upon them, and the restricly, "is bothered by wynu-pits (devtions of reservation were more than ils) and donupits (witches). He they could bear. We wondered why

moves his tepee often so they can't Grandma put up with them, for she find him."was a fastidious woman. Perhaps it

"Old Quag"was feared among was because of some remembered the children as a mean Indian. He kindness on the part of one or the

was tall, slender, and ugly. His face other in those first raw days when

At the time of "Quag's"settling for winter in the warmstorysouthwestthe familycornerwas was deeply creased with a multitude Indians and whites suffered toof "NanKo-Weap."of wrinkles; his hair was shaggy and gether because of each other's outunkempt. His clothes, castoffs of rages and mistakes. Then, too,

the whites, were filthy. Grandpa spoke their language and

WENighthad wasstayedfallingawayfast,too andlong.a '"There were various stories about wasNowa kindElmaman.had enraged the big

raw wind howled from the "Old Quag,"the same as there old Indian, and he removed himself southwest, rolling angry clouds bewere about the other Indians who from Grandma's kitchen. He took

fore it, and forcing premature darkhung around Kanab, Utah, and up his abode in a clump of tamarisk ness upon us. We took a seldom chopped wood or washed clothes for that grew on the creek bank at the

used cutoff near the creek. Our food and silver money. They trailed bottom of Uncle Leo's lot. I rememtrotting steps became a run as the from house to house at Christmas ber his old wick-i-up down in those

dusk thickened, and heavyblown time calling, "Christmas meat, bushes. Atkin, Benita, and I had

creek sand stung our hands and Christmas pie."often played there, but now with

faces. The old settlers always had "Quag's"tepee there, we kept Then we heard it—I thought it Christmas food to give to"the Inaway.

was a moan, highpitched and dians. As Quagunts grew more aged and

angry. said Annie the wind. it was the taut nerves of his great old the I remember time body "Old Quag"

toIt sounded me. human teased {Continued Elma. She on page scrubbing 108) was the

"It's a man,''I said. "Caught in kitchen floor of Grandma's big hotel,

the quicksand."and Quagunts, lounging in the—Illustrated by Fielding K. Smith

Annie caught my hand and doorway, kept stepping his dirty tugged at me, "It's 'Old Quagfoot onto her clean floor. She hated

unts,'she said; "we can't help the Indians hanging around and

him; he's mean."failed to see the humor in his trick,

We ran on home, but for a long so she gathered her mop rag into her time I worried, was "Old Quagunts"hands and splashed it square into in the mire that night? Or was it his the big Indian's face. The family

lonely old wigwam torn by the wind always laughed at the story of how that gave us, as we hurried by, a the infuriated Indian took himself childish fright?

At home I asked why "Old Quag"lived alone and moved his wick-i-up so often to many places along the creek bank and among the foothills.

Uncle Will answered, "He's too mean to live even among the Indians."

FEBRUARY 1948 ORIGINAL IA/ofdd OF THE

in in Berlin 1906. they so tional convention express because the vast an idea number of menAmong clearly. It take Certainly the coining for example, would, to contributed the words of new who have

field of American letters, prob- a phrase of several words to give is anything but an easy practice.

ably none achieved in a lifetime the same idea as expressed by the what the Prophet Joseph Smith, as word racketeer, a word no longer "VThether Joseph Smith's story an instrument of the Lord, accomslang. that, "Through the medium of the

plished—the bringingin seventyfiveforth ofworkingone hundreddays areMostnot ofnewlythe slangcoined;wordstheycreatedare Urimrecordandof Thumminthe Book ofI translatedMormon, theby

and eightyone new words. words already common to the lanthe gift and power of God,"2 is acOccasionally, and only occasionguage which are given new meancepted or not, the great number of

ally, an author coins a new name for ings and spellings. Walter Winchell new words, and the short time in

a character, but for a young man to is perhaps one of the best known of which they appeared, justifies comhave produced so many new names the slang makers. In a list of fortyment and explanation. Some preand other words in such a brief perone of his words compiled by H. L. liminary studies of some of the new

iod of time without divine help Mencken, only two are actually 1 words in the Book of Mormon have seems almost beyond comprehennewly coined: phfft, and foofff. been made from time to time, but it

sion. yet remains for the philological

Coining of new words in America scholar to exhaust the field of was a less common practice in the similarities between the Book of decade of the coming forth of the Mormon words and the Semitic,

Book of Mormon, 18201830, than Egyptian, and SemitoHamitic lanin any subsequent period. Prior to guages. This present study merely

the advent of the great industrial classifies the words which are found revolution, which had its real bein the Book of Mormon and which ginning around 1830, with its new are not found in the MerriamWeb- inventions which made many new ster unabridged New International words necessary, few new names Dictionary or in Dr. James Hasthad been coined. The young naing's five volume Dictionary of the

tion was but on the threshold of proBible. These words can be conducing its own literature. Few sidered new to the American lanAmerican authors'works were guage. Although it is possible that

widely circulated. Washington Ircertain of them are to be found in

ving and James Fenimore Cooper, foreign languages, that Joseph Smith the most prolific of the early writers, knew of them is highly improbable.

coined perhaps a dozen which words JOSEPH SMITH THE PROPHET story a fabricate such complex To survivedhave the century, these and as in the is contained Book of Morbut alwere the combining of terms mon, to reuse and give additionalready accepted, i.e., Leatherstock"

ing, Deerslayer, and Pathfinder. In a list of over a thousand new identification to fiftythree Bible words in the New Words section names, to refer directly to another William Shakespeare, whose

twentythousand-word vocabulary of the MerriamWebster New Ineighty-eight Bible names, and then ternational Dictionary, there is only in addition, to coin one hundred andis considered the greatest of all time, one word accredited to an author: eightyone words in such a limitedis generally not credited with coining new words although he pracboondoggle, coined by R. H. Link. period rationally appears to be beIncluded in this list are several yond the ability of the young twentytised the introducing of morality

threeyear-old coined Prophet. trademark had names though Henomenclature as such Sly, Goodlittle formal schooling; the to these are derivatives most of and littlefellow, Quince, others. and Many

of Shakespeare's names were are hardly new. Some of these which he was exposed while attendtrademark names are: benzedrine, ing a rural school in the wilds oftaken from Plutarch's Lives and also

from the Latin language. Although celanese, haliver, kinescope, kodak, western New York a century and a

and polaroid. quarter ago would in no way equiphis works were available, they were

not published in America until 1847, Some new words are so important him with such a background as seventeen years after the Prophet that they are given official recogniwould be required for such an acJoseph Smith had published the tion by the groups who use them. complishment.

Book of Mormon. Trylon was coined for use at the

Many of the new words which New York World's Fair in 1939. Tn seeking to establish the amount

The word radio, a derivative, was of time consumed in writing thebecome part of the American language begin as slang. After a time officially accepted at an internaBook of Mormon, the beginning

some of them come into good usage 1H. L. Mencken. The American Language, p. 561 2Times and Seasons. March 1, 1842

84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA all the facts. No one has attempted to

deny them. The physical facts concerning

time, place and scribe of the writing of theBOOK OF MORMON translation and the publishing of the Book of Mormon are attested by both believers i5uy Marola oLunadtrom andthe book.nonbelieversThere wasin theno incentivedivine originfor deof

ception or misrepresentation of these facts date and the finishing date should and brought with him a twohorse wagon, by the persons who willingly gave their be determined if possible. Joseph for the purpose of having us accompany time to this effort. No wealth, honor,

Smith wrote: untilhim towehisshouldfather'sfinishplace,the work,and there... weremain... powerof themor frominfluencethis wasachievement,to come to onlyany onethe

until resided there the translation was finprivilege to serve.7 April, of Oliver 1829, 5th day On the secured.6 copyright the and

.. house, days ished came Cowdery to my. Two

after arrival the of Mr. Cowdery (being David Whitmer, referred to IVodern philological evidence has April) of to translate the 7th I commenced

the Book of Mormon, and he began to above, and one of the Three Wittended to demonstrate that some write for me. 3 nesses of the plates of the Book of of the unfamiliar words of the Book

Mormon, stated: of Mormon have been retained

to stateIn addition the Prophet's times in Indian present down to family, well as all I, as my father's said: Oliver ment, Cowdery Anti, as Angola, Such words wife, Smith's Martin words. Oliver and Cowdery,

I wrote with my own pen the entire Harris were present during the translation Antipas, Hagoth, Jacobugath, LiaBook of Mormon (save a few pages) as it... The translation at my father's occupied hona, Manti, Mormon, Moroni,

fell from the lips of the Prophet Joseph about one month, that is, from June 1, Mulek, Nephi, Onidah, Pachus,

Smith, as he translated it by the gift and 1829, to July, 1829."Sidon, and Xarahemla are dis- 4

of God. power

From his exhaustive research on cussed by J. M. Sjodahl in his

These two statements establish "The Writing of the Translation,"chapter, "Book of Mormon8 Names the date of the beginning of the Dr. Francis W. Kirkham concludes: in American Geography."This,9 as

translation. The time of the comwell as other similar studies, is adpletion of the translation cannot be It is clear that the Book of Mormon was ditional evidence of the divinity of

as definitely established as its beshortdictatedperiodby Josephof seventyfiveSmith in workingthe relativelydays. the Book of Mormon.

ginning. The Prophet recorded: There were many witnesses both at his The original words of the Book

home at Harmony, Pennsylvania, and at of Mormon have a curious similarity

In the beginning of the month of June, Fayette, New York. Many persons knew about them. In an unpublished obson, his [Peter Whitmer's] David Whitmer

this subject, servation on W. Aird v. Contributor, 4The residing, to the were place where came we

. 201 such noted that has 5, p. 446; Historical Record, Macdonald

4849 v. 1, pp. *Op6, p.Cit.,

Documentary History of the Church, v. 1, p. 32 Historical Record, v. 6, p. 206 names as Anderson, Johnson, Peterson, and Nelson ate easily identified

as being Swedish names; Caille,

L&Hayre, Dejean, Guizot, Fointaine, and Denis as French; Bruhl, Kuntz,

Reuss, Schwab, and Schnabele as

Cervicek, Mlynar, XIT H ETH E R German; Hrebec,

Joseph Kovar, Mosnicka, and Dvorak as Slavic; Papapadakis, ConstantinoSmith's story

that, "Through poulos, Poulos, and Pappageorgiou the medium of as Greek; Kowalczwk, Tomaszewthe Urim and ski, Jaroscz, and Siminowicz as

T hummin I Polish; etc. Even some nonLatter-

translated the day Saints recognize Nephi, Marecord of the honri, and Laman10 as being Book of Mormon names. Book of Mormon, by the gift B. H. Roberts divided the names

and power of of the Jaredite leaders and the NeGod,"* is acphite leaders and very astutely obcepted or not, served that, with two exceptions, all the great numthe Jaredite names end in conso- b er of new nants, and that nearly all the Nephite words, and the names end in vowels."This noted

short time in similarity seems to indicate that the which they apwords came from two different peared, justifies sources.

comment and {Continued on page 86) explanation. 7Francis W. Kirkham, A New Witness for Christ

in America, p. 227

8J. M. Sjodahl, An Introduction to the Studg of

the Book of Mormon, p. 113

BB. H. Roberts, A New Witness for God, v. 3.

p. 134 10H. L. Mencken, The American Language, p. 516

FEBRUARY 1948 85

ORIGINAL WORDS OF THE BOOK OF MORMON

(Continued /rom page 85) Noah, Omer, Samuel, Seth, She'm, persons or peoples, places, and misAs stated above, there are eightyTimothy, and Zedekiah. cellaneous. These main groupings

eight Bible nouns which appear Places: (11), *Aaron,"Antipas,H are further divided into lesser classin the Book of Mormon which refer Boaz, David, Ephraim, * Gideon, ifications.

only to the Bible identification; they * Gilgal, *Helam, *Heth, * Ishmael,

have no new or added meaning in * Jacob, Jordan, Joshua, Judea, PERSONS the Book of Mormon. These words k Lehi, Lemuel, Midian, *Noah, Nephite soldiers: (22), Amnor,

can be placed in three classificaRamah, *Shem, Shilom, and Sidon. Amoron,Antionum, Antipus, Artions: persons, places, and miscelMiscellaneous: ( 1 ), leah, a meacheantus, Camenihah, Emron, Gidlaneous. surement. giddonah, Gidgiddoni, Joneam,

Persons: (31), Abel, Abraham, Lamah, Limhah, Limher, Luram,

Adam, Ahaz, Cain, Elijah, Eve, Manti, Moronihah, Pachus, Shiblom,

Isaac, Jeberechiah, Jesse, Jesus Teancum, Teomner, Zenephi, and

Christ, John, Jotham, MathershallalZeram.

: (16), Ahah, AmHash-Baz, Malachi, Manasseh, Jaredite Kings

Mary,, Melchizedek, Moses, Pekah, gid, Amnigaddah, Com, Coriantum,

Remalia, {Remaliah in Bible), RezCorum, Emer, Ethem, Hearthom, in, Sarah, Saul, Shearjashub, SoloKib, Kim, Morianton, Orihah, Ripmon, Tabael ( Tabeel in Bible ) lakish, Shez, and Shule.

: ( 1 6 ), Aminadi, Amlici,Uriah, Uzziah, Zebulun, and ZechNephites

ariah. Ammaron Chemish, Corianton,

Gadianton, Helorum, Himni, KoriPlaces: (51), Aiath, Anathoth, hor, Nehor, Omner, Paanchi, SheArpad, Assyria, Babylon, Bashan, rem, Shiblon, Zeezoram, and Zoram.

Bethabary in Bible), (Bethabara: Abinadi, Nephite Prophets s (13),Calno, Carchemish, Chaldea, Amaron,'Cush, Abinadom, Amulek, AmDamascus, Eden, Edom, Egypt, ulon, Giddonah, Helaman, Jarom,

Elam, Galilee, Gallim, Geba, Gebim, Lachoneus, Moroni, Mosiah, MuGibeah, Gomorrah, Hamath, Horeb, loki, and Nephi.

Judah, Laish, Lebanon, Madmenah, Jaredites: (13), Akish, Cohor,

Michmash, Migron, Moab, NaphCoriantor, Coriantumr, Corihor, tali, Nazareth, Nob, Ophir, PalesHThe Book of Mormon gives a new Gilgah, Jacom, Kimnor, Mahah, tina, Pathros, Rahab, Ramath, Red meaning to a few words common Mulek, Pagag, Shiz, and Zarahemla.

Sea, in Salem, Samaria, to the English Shiloah, language as used Peoples Am-: ( 7 ), Amalickiahites,Shinar, Sinai, Sinim, Sion, In instances these Sodom, America. words licites, Ammonihahites, Amulonites,

Syria, Tarshish, and Zion. can be found only in an unabridged Lamanites, Nephites, and Zoramites.

Miscellaneous: (16), ephah, a dictionary. Even though the ProphGadianton Robbers: (5), Gidmeasurement; Hebrew, a language; et Joseph Smith probably did not dianhi, Kishkumen, Seantum, SeeJehovah, the Lord; Immanuel, a title; know of them, they do appear in our zoram, and Zemnariahah.

Jew, a people; manna, a food; mamlexicons, and the Book of Mormon Disciples: (5), Kumen, Kumenmon, wealth; Medes, a people; Mescannot be given credit for them as onhi, Mathoni, Mathonihah, and

siah, the Lord; Pharoah, a title; new words. Shemnon.

Philistines, a people; raca, a libelous These words are: Aha, Alma, Nephite Judges: (4), Cezoram,

expression; seraphims, creatures; Angola, Antum, Gid, Lib, MorNephihah, Pacumeni, and Pahoran.

tabret, an instrument; teiltree, a mon, Omni, and Shim. Lamanite Kings: (4), Antiomo,

tree; viol, and an instrument. Tubaloth. Lamoni, and Laman, following '"The one hundred and Fiftythree in found nouns the Antionah, Rulers: Nephite (3), in eightyone the appear wordsBible also are in used the of Book Limhi, Zem'/f. and of which Book was transMormon with idenMormon and new added

tifications. These words are also givlated in seventyfive working days. Hebrew Prophets: (4), Ezias,

en in three groupings: persons or They demonstrate either the divine Neum, Zenock, and Zenos.

peoples, places, and miscellaneous. claims made for the Book of MorLamanites: (2), Lehonti and

mon or the genius of Joseph Smith. Zerahemnah.

Persons or Peoples: (41 ), Aaron, Certainly the list is far too long to Nephite Traitors: (2), AmaliakAmaleki, Amalekites, Aminidab, have been produced by the genius of iah and Ammoron."

Ammah, Ammon, Amos, Ammon- a single writer, even had he been ites, Benjamin, Enos, Esrom, Gad, academically trained, or a philoloMiscellaneous: (5), Abish, A

Gideon, Gilead, Gilgal, Helam, gist, which Joseph Smith was not. Lamanite woman; Gazelem, name of

Helem, Heth, Isaiah, Ishmael, Israel, The original words are here ar- a servant of God; Hagoth, a NeIsraelites, Jacob, Jared, Jeremiah, ranged in three main groupings: ( Concluded on page 116)

Jonas, Joseph, Kish, Laban, Lehi, 13A small star (*) indicates that the word also 15These names,.Amororc, Ammaron, Amaron, and

Lemuel, Levi, Nimrah, Nimrod, appears in another list, and is not counted in this Ammoron, apparently have a common root. Other

listing. words with common roots are: Corianton, Coriantor,

are almost identical words with Coriantumr; Morianton, Bible Coriantum, Moriancumer, 14A few UB. (Bible), Antipus H. Roberts, A New Witness for God. v. 3, words: Antipas (BM), Zenos Shiblon, Moriantum; Shiblom, Shiblum: and Cezoram,

135p. (Bible) Zenasi.e., (BM), Seexoram, Zeezoram.

86 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Yet, we do not repudiate education, but rather we appreciate all SEEK YE true intelligence, whether moral, social, scientific, political, or philosophical. It is good for us to be

endon taught in the history and laws of nations, to become acquainted with the principles of justice and equity the Lord, himself, came to us toand with the nature of disease. But

If night and told us how we could there is no need of our being withobtain any of the worldly riches out the knowledge of God, for inwe desired—how we could obtain fact every branch of true knowledgefinancial success—how we could exknown to man has originated incel in our studies at school—how we God. Oh, the folly of man in not

could obtain great treasures of acknowledging God in all things, in knowledge, or fame or power; yes, laying aside God and his religion,

if the Lord actually instructed us and in trusting in his own judghow we could obtain these things, ment and intelligence. All the intelsurely we would listen to him. ligence which men possess on the

reality, in Yet, the Lord has scientific, religious, earth, whether that not imply do he is anus revelation through told servatory,—but modern how or political, proceeds from God. intelligent is being; for intelligence power, obtain these blesscan worldlywe

not pride; character, not contempt.ings. Through his prophets he has Vou know, through your own exgiven us the commandment and Thus, if men, without much of the perience, that the ones who expromise: advantage of what is termed educacel in their scholastic pursuits are

tion in this world, are filled with the the ones who put their Church work of But the kingdom God, seek ye first and Spirit of God—are filled with the first, the ones who attend their meethis righteousness; shall all these things and

be added unto you. (Matt. 6:33.) revelations of the Holy Ghost, and ings regularly, who participate in

can teach a people, a nation, or a their various wards and stakes, and

Yes, all the needed material things world how they may be saved and who live up to the standards and of life will be given us if we will but obtain thrones, principalities, powteachings of the Church. I have in

put the Lord's work first. All of us

are students at the university. We

are becoming saturated with an abundance of new facts and theories of men. As a Church, we believe in A. Benson, a sophomore at Brigham Youngthe acquiring of knowledge, for the Oark* University, recently won the annual Heber J.

Lord said: Grant Oratorical Contest sponsored at the school

President daughter. Grant's Cannon, by Grant Lucy

... seek ye out of the best books words of oration challenge to "put This to youth winning is a

wisdom; seek learning, even by study and first things first,"and represents a point of view

also by faith. (D. & C. 88:118.) needed by college students.

And again: villeMarkStake,is a priestan Eaglein the Scout,Yale Warda memberof the Bonneof the

It is impossible for a man to be saved in Lambda Delta Sigma, religious fraternity, and Phi ignorance."(Ibid,, 131:6.) Eta Sigma, lower division scholastic organization,

and a son of Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the CounYet, does this mean that one cil of the Twelve and Flora Amusson Benson.

must be a college graduate or a BENSON man of letters to be saved? Not at

all. Man cannot be saved in ignorance of those redeeming principles

of the gospel of Jesus Christ if he ers, and dominions in the eternal mind one example that came to my towere personal attention time only a short can understand if men have all the book learning worlds—yes,in the world. these principles the gift of the of our outstanding by Morago. One

The Lord said: "The glory of Holy Ghost and the revelations of mon fellows, who had just comGod is intelligence."(Ibid., 93:36.) the Most High, and are enabled to pleted a mission, entered Johns

Yet as a former professor of Brigplace them before the people so that Hopkins University in Baltimore. He

ham Young University pointed out: they can comprehend them, then we attended the meetings of the small

The collegebred man may or may not can say that these are the men of branch, and the second or thirdbe intelligent. If the juices of life have been education—these are the men of inSunday he was asked by the stakesqueezed out of him, if his heartpowers tellect—these are the men who are president to serve as branch presihis love for God and love for man—have calculated to bless and ennoble the dent. And although he was carrydried withered in the and arid barrenness human family. This is the kind of ing a heavy medical course and wasof intellectuality; if this mere is the measure

of the man, you may call him anything you education we want, and the more starting late at the university, he said he had always put his Churchlike—a human exquisite—a rare exotic simply those principles can be conworthy a golden frame or a crystal conveyed, the better. (Concluded on page 114)

FEBRUARY 1948 87 Courage and Daring on

> to which is the oldest or the most used route among the THE OLD SPANISH TRAILA prehistorics, we would onlyguess; but unquestionably the most IfVjam f. lenaietoyidistinguished and historically inter- &

esting trail, the usage of which continued well into the Mormon era, was the Old Spanish Trail, which went from Taos and Santa Fe, New

Mexico, through Utah, and on to the

Spanish settlements of southern

California.

The first white men to make trails into the region north of the Rio

Grande, from Mexico, were Spaniards seeking gold and silver, and

Spanish priests who were burning with zeal to convert the Indians to

Christianity.

THE ROAN OR BOOK MOUNTAINS AT THE SPANISH TRAIL FORD OF GREEN RIVER

the work of Juan de Onate who "Rather Escalante in his missionjourneyed to that region in 1598 ary travels had learned somewith four hundred men, eightythree thing of the Indians of the Ute nawagons, and seven thousand head of tion and expressed the opinion that cattle. Those Indians who would not a route to the Pacific Ocean could

submit and be Christianized, he be established through their counslew. try. An expedition was organized

The city of Santa Fe was estabincluding Father Escalante, Father lished under the governorship of Dominguez, eight other Spaniards,

Pedro de Peralta in 1 609; other setand two IndianSpanish halfbreeds.

tlements were rapidly established.

To meet the wants of the Rocky Father Escalante and party setMountain trappers, the Indians and ting out from Santa Fe, New Mexthe growing Spanish population, ico, July 29, 1776, had entered the and supplies, including manufacturbasin of the Great Salt Lake via

Spanish Fork Canyon, September Spain, ed goods from brought were 1 776. consumed so much He had via City, from Mexico El Paso, by 23,

pack train. This route became known time going so far to the north that he

as the Chihuahua Trail. It passed did not have the time or the supplies

It was in 1540 that Coronado set through Santa Fe to Taos. to push on to the Catholic missions

forth from Mexico City to locate the As the Chihuahua Trail was alon the Pacific. Father Escalante and

seven fabled golden cities of Cibola most the only direct means of comhis heroic historymaking band rewith the most brilliant company ever munication with the outside world, turned to Santa Fe via Ash Creek ( Utah ) and the Ute Fordcollected in Mexico, in search of both civil and religious leaders beCanyon ford thatnew lands. In the company were came interested in an outlet to the of the Colorado River—the

three hundred young venturesome west. Two Franciscan fathers piois now known as the Crossing of the

Spaniards in shining armor and glitneered a trail to southern California, Fathers.

tering arms, dressed in velvets and crossing the Colorado at the mouth There is some evidence that silks. The horses were also gaily of Gila River. However, watering the Old Spanish Trail via Salina

caparisoned. Eight hundred Inplaces were far apart, and the lurkCanyon was pioneered as early as

dians were in the expedition. Coroing Apache Indians were a menace. 1785, and soon became a route for

nado met with abject failure. This trail was used only as a mespack trains. This trail followed

The conquest of New Mexico was senger route. Father Escalante's trail a short dis88 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tance to the northwest, passed made a detour into the region now Iron County ), Fremont left the trail through the southwest corner of called Utah's Dixie. They arrived and proceeded almost due north

Colorado into Utah, crossed the safely at the San Gabriel Mission. to Utah Lake, and eastward via

Colorado River at what is now The Catholic priests were astonished Spanish Fork Canyon.

known as Moab, the Green River at to see these Americans dressed in May 20 he records

Greenriver, Utah. The east chain fringed buckskin and armed with

of the Wasatch Mountains was long Boone rifles, but received them We met a band of Utah Indians, headed crossed by way of Wasatch Pass graciously and extended hospitality. by a wellknown chief who had obtained the

or English of Walker, name by Salina thence the followingand Canyon, year S. American Jedediah trail The

is which he quoted well and known. They the Sevierfollowed River about the Smith trail leading passed over

rifles, were all mounted, with armed and ninety miles, and crossed the second a party of nineteen trappers and two could use their rifles well.

chain of the Wasatch Mountains via Indian women. The year before the

Bear Valley and Little Creek CanIndians who dwelt on the Mohave AAany picturesque caravans passed yon into the valley of Little Salt River were friendly, but this year over the Old Spanish Trail, but

Lake, thence southwestward to the when the Smith party was divided perhaps the most interesting of all

Mountain Meadows, down the Santa (some members crossing the river were the camel trains. The federal

Clara River to Camp Springs, on a raft ), those on the shore were government imported from Africa a through a pass in the Beaver Dam attacked; ten were killed, and Thomherd of camels to use for transportaMountains, over the southwest desas Virgin was wounded. The two Intion in the Southwest. This innovaert by way of Las Vegas and the dian women were taken captive. The tion was not a success. The camels

Mohave River region, through the survivors on reaching the Pacific were sold to an enterprising trader

Cajon Pass to San Gabriel and Los Coast were arrested and impriswho operated on the Santa Fe and

Angeles. oned. Released under heavy bond, Old Spanish trails. These ships of

they were warned to be out of Mexthe desert, in long tandem trains

TThe Old Spanish Trail assumed ican territory within thirty days. laden with bulky packages of meradded importance when Mexico chandise, were used on the Old

gained her independence from Spain John C. Fremont, in his great exSpanish Trail through Utah to Caliin 1821. Prior to that date Ameri- * ploring expedition in the years fornia for a short period. Their fleshcan traders, who entered New Mex1843-44, reorganized his party at padded feet, so good on desert sand,

ico from Missouri, were imprisoned Sutter's Fort, California. The lightsoon wore tender on the rocky trails,

and their goods confiscated. They covered wagons and carts had to be and packs had to be transferred, and

were now welcomed, and rapidly abandoned, and the entire party mules substituted for the camels too displaced the Spanish traders, for proceeded by pack train. Crossing many times to make this venture a

their goods were cheaper and suthe Sierra Mountains he encountered permanent arrangement.

perior. Their route became known the Old Spanish Trail about a hunThe Old Spanish Trail assumed 1

as the Santa Fe Trail of which dred miles south of Las Vegas. great importance when gold was dismuch has been written. It was first On May 11, 1844, Fremont was covered in California. In winter the

traversed by explorers on horseencamped on the Santa Clara River passes in the Rockies and Sierras back, then merchandise was taken ( Utah ). He was delighted with the were blocked with snow, but the Old

over it by pack trains. Ox and mulegrass and trees after days on the Spanish Trail was open the year

drawn wagons made it a broad highdesert. round. It was a "long, long trail

way. all a-winding,"but adventurers of 13, Fremont was encamped May

first, Franklin, Missouri, At anxious were to reach the was at Mountain he nations which Meadowsthe outfitting chief point for Amerigold fields. supplies, Mules, saddles, "Las de named Vegas la Santacan traders. reigned Independence equipment, packsaddles and feet, elevation Clara/'5,280 which camp

aftersupreme Franklin was washed at were purchased St. Louis or Inin his report he describes as an

into the Missouri River. Westdependence, Missouri, and the long

park, the present site of Kansas City,... extensive mountain meadow rich in journey to California, perhaps 2,400

was also an outfitting point. bunch grass, and fresh with numerous miles, made by muleback, by way of

springs of clear water, all refreshing and the Santa Fe and Old Spanish trails.

delightful in to look upon; contrast to the'"Phe first Americans to travel the

hot desert; and sterile suitable a to As we travel federal highways numplace

Old Spanish Trail (in part) recover from a hot and sterile desert. ber 89 and 91 in central Utah, let us

were Rocky Mountain trappers led May 16. We reached a small salt lake recall these daring gold seekers in

by Jedediah S. Smith, one of the about seven miles long and one broad at "the days of old, the days of gold,

West's most noted explorers and the northern extremity of which we enthe days of 49,"for their trails have roads.traders. In the summer of 1826 he wellcampeddeservesfor the itsnight.characteristicThis little lake,name,whichlies become our

and his party of fifteen trappers left immediately at the base of the Wahsatch There were several important trails

Bear Lake (Utah) for southern Range, and nearly opposite a gap in that branching from the Old Spanish

California hoping to locate new rechain of mountains through which the SpanTrail in Utah. The branch at the

Trail falling passes; which and againgions fur ish beaver other where and Little of mouth Creek went Canyon the of the waters upon Colorado andbearing animals could trapped. be crossnorth of Valley, by Utah, Round way river, that ing proceeds over a mountainous

thatIt is probable they entered upon to country Valley, Fe. Santa Lake and Salt Fort on to

the Old Spanish Trail near the Hall, Idaho. A short branch conmouth of Salina Canyon. This party Having traveled 440 miles on the nected Sevier Valley with Cove Fort

*The Santa Fe Trail, by R. L. Duffus trail, at this point ( Little Salt Lake, (Continued on page 118)

FEBRUARY 1948 89 MULEK

By J. N. WASHBURN

SYNOPSIS by morning Mulek was weary and "RJulek and his servant, Omec, were feverish. To pass the time he read.

hunting when Mulek was rushed by a He bathed. He lolled about in his

raging boar and his leg severely injured bematchless gardens.

fore Omer could kill the wounded animal. Late in the afternoon he heard

As he made his way back into the city of

Zarahemla, he thought of the strange perversounds in the street, sounds of loud sity of fate that had put him who was entalking, of cheering, of people hurtitled to be a ruler of the region in an inferior rying here and there. Curious, he

position. The sudden change from king to determined to go for a short walk

filled loved the change. that the plants room. effected potsjudge had and He inquiries. that might he make

in this city felt prideZarahemla much and his looked entrance both they At for into the a hobbled house He it city fathers. Indeed his was aof girl up, the from and away moved his leg sore to help bear cane some the entered honored. he lovedto be and As

city, he was amused to note that one of the of his weight. He called his servants her companion toward the door.

priests, Shiblon, brother of Helaman, chief and gave orders. He called his

addressing church, the priest overhigh was told nere '"she atner *s not favorite, the servant companion, and "1\4Y resist mocking not coulda crowd. Mulek like "It visitor. the is not him cursed and roundly him Omer, and indeed proph- a he was asking whetherhim,

et. Shiblon answered: "Thou hast asked tenderly because he was fond of thus to remain away from his busiwhether I am a prophet, I will tell thee. If him and because his leg hurt. He ness. If you will be kind enough to

it be God's will, thou shalt know this thing looked proudly at his gardens and wait a little while, or perhaps we to applaud, friends without goest thouwhen can take to you that which you deflowers, from shuddered and then sick resources for wickedness,without sire."weariness of mind in pure and body. the dust."to soul, Mulek humbled andbody

shrugged his shoulders and limped away, He went as far as the walk, just "It is nothing urgent,"Mulek thinking of Amalickiah, a man of tremento see the people and hear their made answer, observing the young dous powers and winning manners who was excited ejaculations, but he gave up, girl with interest. "If your father

stirring up widespread interest in a reform and a moment later turned back into does not return shortly, I can come of government. the great house. again."The girl smiled and went

Chapter II Still the call of the confusion was back to her friend. Mulek could not

spite of his seeming eccentricistrong. take his eyes from her. She was

INties Mulek was a thoroughgoing Mulek threw a cloak over his very young but mature beyond her

Nephite. He was more intellishoulders, a good thing to have years. She was proud and eager.

gent, perhaps, than the average, along in case the sudden endof-theShe moved with the unpractised surely better educated. As a general day chill found him still away from grace of a wild thing.

thing the Nephites had leisure and home. He hobbled into the street Mulek's musings were interrupted

an abundance of riches to enjoy. and began to mingle with the by the arrival of the master of the

Their land and climate filled them crowds. It was plain at once that establishment, a businesslike merwith pride. In short, they relished something unusual was happening, chant named Jacob. He was follife, and this was true of the young for hardly anyone gave him notice. lowed by a young man of about

prince in an almost exaggerated He heard a few snatches of conMulek's own age. Jacob inquired

degree. versation here and there, but not what Mulek wanted, and being told,

its preparation. Mulek, On the morning after his hunting enough to make a connected narraset about

accident, however, Mulek found tive. impatient of the delay, turned to the

himself, contrary to his usual habit, In a few minutes his leg limbered man near him and asked concerning in a bad frame of mind. His leg was up, and before long he found himthe activity in the streets.

sore and tender despite the tendself standing before an herb shop he Brightening up, the other told a ance that had been given it. He had had seen often. He turned inside, strange story. In the park, not far

slept badly and dreamed of hunters, mindful of the medicine he was to from the temple, only that afterpreaching on the street, being atuse. noon, Moroni, the young chief captacked by prophets with long tusks. A young man and a pretty girl tain of the armies of the Nephites,

The hours had brought no rest, and were standing together among the had exhibited his own cloak, ripped 90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Only that afternoon, Moroni, the young chief captain of the armies of the Nephites had exhibited his own cloak, ripped along the seams, and fastened to

along the seams and fastened to a strange thing for him to find in other mere entertainment and novelty.

pole, a sort of banner. On it an inmen excellences that he did not posWhen he reached home, Mulek

scription signalized the Nephite's sess. A small shadow of jealousy was handed two letters that had

love of God, home, and fatherland. fell across the path of his mind. come during his absence. Both surMoroni called it the Title of Liberty. Again, what would all this mean prised him and added to his agita-

"He called upon all to rise in deto Amalickiah and his conspiracy if, tion. One was from Amalickiah,

fense of liberty,"declared the man, as he had begun to suspect, a genuurging his presence that very night a gleam in his eyes. ine conspiracy did exist? It was at a designated spot, the very menMulek listened without a word, beyond doubt that Moroni knew tion of which gave Mulek a severe

but his expression altered as the something of it, and there was reashock. Something that had transrecital progressed. His selfdisci- son to believe that his demonstrapired, the traitor wrote, made this

pline forbade him to show his feeltion of that day had been an outurgently necessary. Mulek, knowing

ings too clearly, but he was paingrowth of that knowledge. now what this something was, went

fully aware that his heart beat Was there a shadow of fear cold inside.

faster. A tingle in the small of his alongside the shadow of envy? Was The scented communication that

back increased to a sort of suffocatit that which made it so hard all at accompanied Amalickiah's court ing feeling in his neck and chest. once for Mulek to breathe? He did command brought, in its way, quite

The dealer in herbs brought his not know. He had never had any as much disquiet.

compound. Mulek paid for it and reason to know the meaning of fear, "Sweet Mulek, come to me imturned away. to experience its sensations. His mediately, not waiting for so much

Out in the dusk he chose for his wealth, his position, his personal as a change of cloaks, for I have homeward journey a way that was charm had always been more than that to report which touches you little likely to be too crowded, and enough to keep him beyond the closely. Sarah."

even as he did so, his uneasiness threat of any serious danger. Mulek frowned, and a tremor

increased with the knowledge that shot through him. Events were pilhe who had never failed to use the Tt was certain that he had not exing up much too fast for his peace

brightest streets was now fearing to pected any such surprising deof mind, for his comprehension, in meet people instead of hoping to velopment as Moroni's action when fact. He had long since ceased to

meet them. he began to associate himself with wonder where the writer of that

Two emotions were beginning to the treasonable project. Why had note learned all the things she knew.

make themselves annoyingly perhe listened to Amalickiah at all? For It was sufficient that she generally

sistent, emotions that were new to what does a man put himself into knew something worth his knowing.

Mulek. He began to wonder about danger except the promise of re- "Come to me immediately."He

Moroni whom he had considered a ward? What reward could possibly would go. From there he could go

wellmeaning but overrated favorite come to him who neither needed nor directly to Amalickiah's secret meetof the chief judge. Was it possible desired anything he did not possess? ing place.

that after all the man might have The chance of losing much or everyIf anyone on earth could move something that he, Mulek, might thing was a heavy gamble indeed in him to sudden action or prevail upon emulate or at least envy? It was a comparison with the prospect of ( Concluded on page 92

FEBRUARY 1948 91 MULEK OF ZARAHEMLA (Concluded from page 91) plicity. Her desirability hit him like He did not realize it, but Sarah

him to do that which he disliked, it a blow. was literally putting her heart into

was the writer of that second letter. "You have taken advantage of her story. She spoke with vividness

While buckling on his sword, he me,"he complained. "You bade me and clearness, quite without prewas thinking about her, and as he come as I was, yet I find you eletense or rhetoric. She was talking

thought, some of his worry left him. gant. Is not that most unfair?"for that which meant more than

When he stepped out into the fresh "Do you like me so, Mulek?"she anything else in the world for her.

air, he was filled with pleasurable asked. Just now it was time she needed,

anticipation. "More than anything else, as you and the intensity of that need made

He recalled vividly, as he walked already know."her ache inside.

toward her home, the circumstances "And I like you as you are. What As she talked, she sipped lightly

under which he had first met her. more is there to be desired?"What from her glass, and as she sipped,

There had been a party at one of could he answer to that? As he Mulek drank, more and more freely.

his homes on the bank of the Sidon, pondered, she went on, "Come and Her nervousness by almost percep- a party at which had been in attendsit by me."tible degrees passed off, and color

ance all the youth and beauty of the "Nay, Sarah,"he answered with came back into her cheeks, a smile city. Mulek's attentions for the mo- a show of determination. "I must to her carmine lips.

ment had been directed toward a be away at once."A hint of fear

lovely blackhaired little thing darkened the woman's face for an "Defore long Mulek was intent named Rebekah, who had already instant. Then she concentrated all only on Sarah's report and the

begun to lose her hold upon him, her energies on the task at hand, burning liquid in his glass. He bethus when Sarah appeared, in the hoping mightily that he would not gan to get sleepy, to nod. A deep

company of a young sportsman from notice her preoccupation, the tenseflush overspread his face and foreManti, Mulek's interest was ness of her manner. head. He had something to do if

aroused. "So soon?"she inquired. "Can only he could remember what it was.

Sarah had been in no way relucyou not even hear that which I have He began to mumble. His tongue

tant, and Rebekah, wholly devoted to say?"He went and sat by her, was thick; his lips were dry. His

to Mulek, had seen him go away excusing himself with the pretext eyes went shut, and his body limp.

from her before her friends. Sarah, that the more he knew, the better He was asleep.

tall, slender, supple, and enticing, able he would be to serve his cause. It was only then that Sarah rehad turned the young man's head, "Be brief, I beg of you."laxed fully and smiled. She lowered

and from that day he had had eyes "Let us have a little wine before his inert body to the couch and for no other. Neither had given a you depart."She passed him a consighed with relief. To drug the wine

moment's thought to Rebekah's tainer of amber liquid from the botof the most accomplished drinker in shame and sorrow. In truth, Sarah tom of which tiny bubbles continualthe land, the most discriminating

had been as proud of her triumph ly floated up. Mulek took it, poured palate, was no small achievement.

over the woman as over the man. himself and her a portion, and drank She looked down upon his unconAs Mulek passed through the his. Had he been less deeply abscious form. His face flushed, his

streets, he was surprised and dissorbed, he would Have seen that she lips heavy and discolored, his nos- drink, did not turbed at the of flags he and saw that some of the number trils distended, anything but he was left fear baleyes.1 hanging from her dark and windows inpretty a to her sight, but he was

conies. Moroni's idea had certainly She began then to talk of the hapfinitely precious.

caught the imagination of the peopenings of the afternoon. Mulek Later that night she had him ple. was surprised to observe that almoved discreetly to his own house

the he kept waiting in though heard for a time had already He was his there great bed, and and own it. Sarah's story, he impaheard had not house and became somehow

signifiof vast he lay, events while tient, unable to account for the In no essential matter did her recital cance to him and all others were takwoman's failure to meet him at once. differ from that given by the stranHe was not accustomed to any difger who had produced the first ac ing place, events in which he surely had thought to have a part.

fidence on her part. Moreover, he count of the day's doings, yet such

had no time for delay on that night. was the originality of her feminine Sarah knew she had taken a

Nor did he have any calmness to mind that her account was quite diswoman's way, not a man's, to keep counsel patience. similar. The aspects that the men him away from danger, and that he

Why did she not come? had stressed she seemed almost enmight hate her for it. It was a risk

Wlien the woman entered, he altirely to have missed. she had had to take. So long as he

most gasped. Like mist before a It was a fascinating version she was alive, she would take her

wind his petulance disappeared. He gave. Mulek became so engrossed chances. She had acted deliberatehad known she was attractive; he in Sarah's report of the actions of ly. There had been no other way.

futile; to had not realized before how ravishMoroni, that he quite forgot his To plead would have been

ing she could be, how altogether haste to be gone. How he envied command, foolish.

It had been a good night's work. fascinating she could make herself the man—not his talents but his opappear when she so desired. portunity! What would he, Mulek, Whether she would have cause to

She was almost as tall as he. Her not have done had he been in the regret it, only the future could tell.

silken gown was the utmost in simother's place! ( To be continued )

92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FROM TEIVIRLE SQUARE By RICHARD L. EVANS

Any artificial pattern that is based not next week or next year, or after j-uttlnq j-eople In flc on what someone's arbitrary rule his recovery. When a man is worbook says rather than what is best ried and despondent, he needs unTt would seem that there are alfor people, is an unsafe pattern. derstanding and comfort and counways those who are eager to live And any man who had wisdom sufsel and strength when he needs it.

other men's lives for them, and those ficient to dictate to other men everyAnd if we are too busy to give him who, for one reason or another seek thing they could do and couldn't do these things when he is in the depths to popularize the philosophy that all would also have the wisdom not to of despair, later may be too late.

men should be forced to conform to try to. We may counsel others, When someone has been bereaved,

a predetermined design. This idea teach them correct principles, and it is often our earnest intention to

sometimes seems to sound good: labor long with them. But it is dancarry comfort to him. But if we wait

Let's put every man in his place. gerous practice to presume by force to do so at our own convenience,

But, sane as it may sound, it raises to design the lives of other men, as he may have fought his fight bittermany difficult questions, such as, all history has proved and will conly and alone. A man in sorrow needs

who shall fix the pattern, and who tinue to prove. comfort when grief is acute. When

shall put every man in his place?—December 7, 1947. people are hard pressed in any way,

Putting every man in his place when their need is sorely upon them, means that we must have someone is when generosity should be in among us who is wise enough to Me (uivetk Jwlce that evidence—and not merely when

judge what every man's place is: "convention or convenience is best

And this would seem to be a func- L/lt/etk \cjwichm served. There is an element of time

tion of godlike wisdom. But one of in all human wants and needs. And

the best evidences that the Creator HPhere is an old proverb which there is no use giving a boy a baldidn't intend to force all men to fit reads: "He1 giveth twice that loon after he is past the age when

an arbitrary pattern is that he himgiveth quickly."This is another he wants a balloon. Giving should

self has not made all things alike, way of saying that the best season not be indiscriminate nor overin- least of all, men. Of course, the for giving is when the gift is needed. dulgent. And especially should it

practice of classifying men is often Urgent and acute needs do not wait not be overdone as to nonessen- a necessary convenience. Obviously upon the pleasure or convenience of tials, for which people often place

it would be practically impossible the giver. Usually when a man an undue burden upon themselves.

always to deal with each of the needs something, he needs it now. And when we give, it would be well

world's multimillions of men on a When he needs food for his family, to give in season. "He giveth twice

strictly individual basis for all purhe needs it when they are hungry, that giveth quickly."He gives twice

poses. And so we classify men into not after they are well fed, nor after who gives what is needed when it is

races, nations, physical types, prothey have starved. When he is cold, needed. fessions, ages, and in innumerable he needs warmth now—not after—December 14, 1947.

other ways. But such lumping of spring thaws him out. And this is Richard Taverner, 1539

individuals into arbitrary groups for true not only of material gifts, but statistical or other purposes should also of service and kindliness and never let us lose sight of the fact understanding, which are among the Jke frwt&mi of J-eaca is that every man is an individual, with greatest of gifts. When a person

ill, he needs the attention of capable "pACH time of year tends to take on his own life to live—and with his

own right to live it. And whenever and considerate hands right now, its own quality and character.

there is any attempt forcibly to But the memories of Christmas are crowd individuals into artificially among the most mellow of all memcreated systems to control their ories. Those who have lived but

lives, to rob them of their right of three or four Christmases seem to choice and of their individual initiacatch the spirit of its meaning, and tive, there is violation of inalienable those who have lived seventy or rights and loss of human dignity. (Concluded on page 94)

H eardwidefromradiothenetwork"crossroadsthroughof thekslwest"and thewith columbiathe salt lakebroadcastingtabernaclesystemchoireveryand sundayorgan overat 11:30a nation-a.m.

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

FEBRUARY 1948 93

THE SPOKEN WORD These limes (Concluded from page 93) cudgel or a club. And so in the [Concluded from page 67)

eighty seem not to lose it; for it means words of Paul, the apostle, and with Such a system will not afford much

for spirit bedevelopment the human family andhome and some Psalmist, the few friends—and from we to habits obedience of narrow yondpeace. to reit means many And it this at "If season: say would be authority. communist

sacrifice of greatest themembrance.., live possible all peaceably with

1that It for ever man. was made all is men."peace "Follow with Stalin's to speech Premier A ccording spiritthe of of of the Peace, Prince 2 "......... men."that Exhort of the popula- 9, 1946, February

is called Christ, the thathim who... prayers kings, for... be made tion within of years Russia twenty

pervades this day, and that makes and for all that are in authority; reach 250,000,000. By adding willthe

gifts have more meaning, and makes that we may lead a quiet and peacepopulations of the annexed Baltic men their better selves. Now since able life in all godliness and honstates, the figure may be 350,000,000

this day is set aside in remembrance esty."3 "And let the peace of God by 1970. Within the same period the

of the Prince of Peace and since rule in your hearts... and be ye United States may reach 160,000,000.

there is seemingly no gift that the thankful."4 "Depart from evil, and But excluding the Baltic states, the

world needs more, perhaps it would do good; seek peace, and pursue it."6 U.S.S.R. will still have about 32,000,-

of the ages twenty 000 between men the concerning well to abe say word this In with counsel, accordance thirtyfour years. United and (The ispursuit peace: of peace That in hearts, there in our peace can be Signifiwill States 18,000,000.) havegreatly desired earnestly sought and fields, in our homes, our in our and cantly the report, says

by most men there would seem to factories. And peace at home is the

be no doubt. But there would also first step to peace among men and The Soviet Union's 32,000,000 men in

milithe almost 1970 will equal combined that there to doubt beseem no all that is nations. grant and God we

of States, the United taryage manpower in that talk things of the worldmuch peace purseek other and men may Britain, Italy. France, Germany, and Lastpeace. with incompatibleare find earth, sue it: Peace on it—and

it the appear from peace,ing would uniRussia's under has been power this man always. day—and

is all time, compatible of notrecord sort training military versal of some 1Romans 12:18 since 1930.with abusive words and threatening

12:14 2Hebrews

manner. Indeed, wooing peace with 3I Timothy 2:1,

belligerent words would somehow *Col."Psalms3:1534:14 Tn 1945 the Soviet government spent

seem like trying to win love with a -December 21. 1947. over eight percent of its national

income for educational purposes. For

all types and levels, public and private, in the United States for the comparable period, some two percent of national income was expended. Says the report

tampering with the barometer. The In proportion to national income the Rusjracti Jrre Stubborn instrument is only useful if we let sian people are supporting education sevit tell the truth. And the weather eral times as generously as the people of

doesn't change when we alter the the United States.

merely makes Tampering 'T'his is the time of the year when indicator. And quoting Dr. George S. Counts

It a false instrument. hapso often

"far University, of Columbia more facts. ourselves with confront we that pens the appearance we mistake in generously than people any other cerall times, but It should so at be

reality, for the for the the intention history!"certain with are associated seasons

for the performance, surface the tain things—and this is a time of substance. But no matter how sound Ctrict comparability of this educainventory. It isn't always easy to

something seems, if the substance tional data is questionable. But the

face facts. Often there are things isn't there, it isn't there. There are fact emerges that the Russians are dewe wish were true which aren't, truths which are irrevocable whethvoting a larger proportion of their naand things we wish weren't true er or not they are comfortable or tional energy for the making of comwhich are. Even the simplest truths convenient. There are realities munists than other nations are for the

can be distasteful if they interfere which must be taken into account, making of free men. Will Soviet eduliving to in of be prove a boomerang, accustomed with our ways it cation to not or wish were whether we

time, against it autocracy? communist often thinking. would and And the otherwise. whatever were And is for longrange There narrow hope close to comfortable to be moreseem

it is to safest face inventory shows, liberalizing results. such is betThere it isn't reality to say and eyes our "facts are stubborn the facts—for possibility ter that stronger, an even safely so. cannot assume But we all of for resolve things."* good unified result. will nation A

is so. isn't that that so something

is reality. to the resolve recognize us

is the everpresent there course,Of affairs, in business, public In and longrange of and problems in Immediate of juggling, possibility of mental lives, the personal our have may we settlement world confront us. Both the books, of trying with tampering the the solid, courage, honfactual require wisdom, and for knowledge

to talk ourselves out of things that esty to face the facts. their solution. Can we get the facts

are, or talk ourselves into things that about Russia? A convenient and small aren't. But trying to explain away—December 28, 1947. beginning can be made in examining the

truth and reality is somewhat like Copyright. 1948 Congressional study, Communism in

trying to change the weather by ''Tobias Smollett, 1750 Action.

94 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

last chapter he bears his own personal testimony to the inspired truth of the

Book of Mormon.—J. A. W GstscceA

THE REACH OF THE MIND TINJLlo (J. B. Rhine. Wm. Sloane Associates,

New York. 1947. 234 pages. $3.50.)

TO THEM OF THE taken only against the great ones of all HpHis clear summary of the Duke

LAST WAGON history. This challenging fact in the University extrasensory perception

(J. Reuben Clark, Jr. Deseret Book history of the Church is a proof of the experiments (ESP & PK) will interest

Company, Salt Lake City. truth of the restored gospel. many. Not only have the experiments

41 pages. $1.25.) Ezra Taft Benson stood shoulder to convinced the author that the human

A 1tlongleast: twoa movingthingsmessage,help booksand topleaslive shoulderFrom the withday ofthesehis baptismpioneer in giants.1840, mindmote frommay thebe ordinaryconscioussenses,of thingsbut alsoreing physical properties. This book then twentynine years old, he spent his that the mind may direct material haphas both. It is a joy to see, to handle, time and talents in defending and buildpenings. That is, the human mind has a

and to read. To Them of the Last ing the newfound truth. So interwoven power (Psi) the principles of which

Wagon, the first of the two talks it were his numerous labors with the acare not at present understood. Few

contains, was delivered at the closing tivities of the Church that his life story people can doubt that such a power session of the general conference of the reads much as the history of the exists, but how it operates or may be

Church, October 5, 1947. The PioChurch itself. As apostle, missionary controlled is yet to be understood. Cerneers, which makes up the second part at home and abroad, builder of a comtainly, such work, performed strictly

of the book, was delivered at the dedimonwealth, leader among men, and under the scientific method, should be cation of the "This Is the Place"monfaithful follower of the restored gospel, respected. Upon the foundation laid,

ument on July 24, 1947. There is alhis personality was in constant evifurther understanding of this elusive

dence, and gave courage and faith in writing history, a temptation, ways A. W. to subject may be expected.—J. of membership Clear the Church. to ascribe all the accomplishments to a the

few great names. But however much marks of his leadership remain in L. D. S. SCRIPTURES

the betterknown names may have conCache Valley where he presided at his (Gilbert Charles Orme. Bookcraft, Salt

tributed, their accomplishment would early, untimely death. His work is Lake City. 1947. 541 pages. $4.50.)

his carried nobly descendon by many it for the but been not have what was quotagospel hundred "\Jineteen his ants, greatgrandson, them among faithful followers conhumble, whose inof tions doctrinal value and the apostle, Benson. Taft Ezra sacrivictions heroic to them moved

terest, alphabetically are here arranged this grateful that are informafices utterances, deeds. In these Wepresent and three subject headings. under hundred tive, faithbuilding, wellwritten voljurist, scholar, Clark, President and

this to That a timesaver makes book is available to the Latterday ume now the beneath probes deep Churchman, the student. quotations are of the Most Saints.—/. A. tot W. those souls the of surface inner

scriptures, the from sacred but some there faithful followers without whom are other sources, the especially from in great leaders been havewould no ANALYSIS OF AN THE teachings the of Smith. Prophet Joseph history. printed pioneer TheseMormon OF BOOK MORMON the has author not attempted Though

pieces touch deeply upon what we Ziegler. the Published (Wesley by to latterday literature explore widely,

are, andhave why, and what and we author, 399 E. Del Pasadena Mar, helpful 5, he has a produced volume. The their in from place puts things proper California. 174 pages, Octavo $5.00.) is organization material of the especiBeautifully of perspective. centurya

is commendable. 'T'he evidence There Book of offers many ally Mormon

illustrated puband White, Nelson by of failure to credit properly, sources its students. to approaches of the bestlished bookin the manner

insufficient checking, caremanuscript first in this chapter volume The art, that believemaker's Them we To all less proofreading, this should and presents important background much will read and the be Last Wagonof in future editions. corrected be material. in the The each Then book Book call to, for that occasionsreferred on

title is its in misleading is comprehensivefour in of analyzed chapMormon concome. it, for years to long We ness, since the not does include is book its First, ters. retold story simply publishthegratulate the author and

ers in presenting this work to the puband with emphasis according to the all Latterday Saint scriptures.

A. W.lic in this fitting form. R. L. E. author's judgment. Second, its authen-—/.

ticity is tested. Third, its doctrine is

EZRA T. BENSON quoted and considered. Fourth, its REFLECTIONS IN A MIRROR prophecies are examined as of past and SECOND SERIES

(John Henry Evans and Minnie Egan future fulfilment. (Charles Morgan. Macmillan Company,

Anderson. Deseret News Press, As a result, new and interesting New York. 1947. 229 pages. $2.50.)

Salt Lake City, Utah, points of view are developed; overrjpb say that Charles Morgan writes beau1947. 376 pages. $3.00.) looked evidences are produced; the * tifully is to state the obvious for those

his read colthis have works. But in the necesmen performed"Powerful of truth the origin of the Book of Morwholection is of essays introduced one alone not sary pioneer is work in establishing convincingly defended. mon to his his style but to philosophy as well

the Church of Jesus Christ in these The volume is a novel and faithand that philosophy is worth becoming aclatter-days. Was a spiritual need to promoting addition to our Book of quainted with, for it will stimulate. Take

be supplied, as in defense of the prinMormon literature. Even seasoned this sentence, for example, and mull it over:

ciples of the gospel?—capable men students will find it interesting and in- "Time in itself is now worth living and

were found. Was temporal work to be formative. Especially will the chapdying for, for time is what the world needs."

accomplished, as in building a state in ters on the authenticity of the sacred The theme of the essays is a challenge to reject factors those that civdestroy wouldthe heart of the desert?—towering volume challenge much thinking. ilization adhere to those that and will bring

leaders were available. Every emerWhile the author has attempted to civilization to flower. While the tone and

gency was met by courageous, compresent facts so that the reader can the substance differ, the theme remains conpetent persons whose measure can be form his own conclusions, yet in the stant. M. C. J.

FEBRUARY 1948 - 95

Shoddy Cost of War Choddy has come to mean anything inferior, in By Henry Richard men or materials. It is usually a mixture of /J.ive me the money that has been spent in war, good and poor materials and workmanship but

hides its faulty composition by imitating the better and I will purchase every foot of land upon the quality. It proclaims loudly that it is as good as globe. I will clothe every man, woman, and child

the best. It is not fully honest, for it is full of in an attire of which kings and queens would be

deceit. Content with itself, it seldom seeks improud. I will build a schoolhouse on every hillside

provement. and in every valley over the whole earth. I will

In the field of commerce, shoddiness is an evil. build an academy in every town, and endow it; a

fill state, college able in every profesit with and shining, suit falls into of clothes, The new and hill sors; I will with a place of every crown worrags. untimely with lowgrade mixed The paint,

consecrated of the to the promulgation gospel oil, off in peels carving ship, a season. shoddy The

in every pulpit of peace; able I will support an knife given edge. be a sharp cannot The customer,

assuming that there is honor in business, is fooled teacher of righteousness, so that on every Sabbath by the lower price of shoddy goods, but soon asks morning the chime on one hill should answer the in exasperation why shoddy articles are made, or chime on another around the earth's wide circumif made, why the truth is not told about them. ference; and the voice of prayer, and the song of

Shoddiness in people expresses itself in many praise, should ascend like a universal holocaust to heaven. deceitful. forms—always published above (The Improvewas in The is the price unwilling to pay The person who

1 in April Era, 898, the month war was deof ment his bluster. learning with ignorance hides He

clared with Spain.

scatters unsupported opinions broadcast, careless of sober thinking. He throws dusty theories in the

eyes of people, with disregard of facts. On Being Late and Leaving Early

It is worse when shoddiness enters the deeper "Dy no means new, but nevertheless continuously character of a person. He or she may then hide annoying is this habit indulged in by a small

home tyranny with friendly club participation; or but noisy minority who persist in coming late to

stingy selfishness by a public—mind you, always a meeting, and the habit of the equally small but public—contribution. Such a person will use every offending group who leave just before the meeting

device to beat the law for his own gain. He hesicloses. But perhaps it has become more noticeable

tates only for fear of discovery, of public opinion. of late because the Church has returned to its

He becomes selfcentered, intent upon his own traditional large stake, interstake, and churchwide welfare. gatherings, suspended in a patriotic measure durShoddy people in the Church cause much uning those dark war years. What starts as a mere

happiness, for their acts are often discovered. They trickle has become, at times, a stream of humanity

may be Mormon specialists, strong in defense of surging in or out of the building, disturbing what one principle, unmindful of the others. Such a peris being accomplished at the meeting. True, there

son may preach the virtue of the Word of Wisare times when it is necessary for an individual to dom, but neglect the law of tithing. Or, he may be come late or to leave early, but in many cases the

a faithful tithepayer, but a breaker of the Word of practice is followed merely from force of habit, and

Wisdom. Such people feel that participation in habit alone is not reason enough.

one activity, say meeting attendance, is sufficient. Meetings of the Church are begun with prayer

Those Church members hurt the faith of others—an invocation inviting the Spirit of the Lord to

when, for example, they publicly preach brotherattend the services. Likewise the benediction,

hood, and then make a sharp trade with the widow, voiced and phrased by one of us, becomes a prayer or when they preach the Word of Wisdom, and of thanksgiving for all those assembled. Those

privately drink or smoke. who come late or who leave prior to the dismissal

Shoddy people often make a good appearance. of the meeting would seem ungrateful for the spirit

Their inner, contorted self is covered by an artifithat is at the meeting, and of which they partake.

cial, attractive mask. But, no person can be judged Those who are not there not only rob the consafely by a glib tongue, a fine suit of clothing, or gregation of their presence, but also cause unnecesby rouge and lipstick. sary confusion and commotion at their coming or

Shoddy people are not consistent. Their acts leaving. Those who thoughtlessly gain for themdo not correspond with their protestations. Conselves a minute or two deny themselves their full

sistency should be the aim of all. It would best share of their benefits of "meeting together often."

begin in youth. Double lives are disastrous. There Let's go to our meetings of course, but let's also

should be no place in Zion, among young or old, try a little harder to be there on time and to parfor A. W. ticipate in the benediction. A. L. Z., /r. shoddiness.—/.

96 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tdeuees

ophy reaches to all eternity, and is the philosophy that the

Latterday Saints believe in.2 cxx. What r$ the V feed or

Lyrdtmances I ance,Thereandaretwotwofirstfirstordinances,principles, faithbaptismand andrepentthe laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost,

Tf a person has faith in God, is repentant, and in the Church of Christ. These are closely intertries to live the moral code, why does he need to woven. Faith is the first principle, upon which

be baptized and receive other ordinances of the other principles rest, and in the end all ordinances gospel? That is an old question. are derivatives of faith. But faith must be exTo this query, usually honestly made, there are pressed in human actions, else it cannot be known.

several answers. A man proves his faith by his works; he has no

First: The Church of Christ is divinely orother means of doing so. The ordinance of bapganized. It is not manmade. The conditions for tism for example may be viewed as man's signature

membership have been clearly defined by the Lord. to his compact with God, as an acceptance of the

Among the requirements are several ordinances, leadership of Jesus the Christ, and as a promise to are necesone. basic the being Ordinances baptism live things that of the would the law Lord—the decreed. the has so sary because The Lord faith. expected from Bapone Lord be who has acquired

himself while on earth, as an example to us, subtism is a logical sequence of faith. Every ordinance

mitted to ordinances, as in baptism. There is no becomes in like manner a necessary tangible outother way to membership in Christ's own organward evidence of some phase of that inward conization. viction called faith. Each ordinance, in its place,

This, of course, should be a sufficient answer to becomes a logical acquiescence with some part of those who believe that the Church was founded by the vast territory covered by faith. Each ordinance

the Lord, and that in all we do, we conform to his becomes a witness of man's surrender to his Heavwill. We cannot go beyond or around the Lord's enly Father.

plan.

Members of the Church who ask about the need Being baptized into this Church is only like learning the is the very first step. But of ordinances should begin with a consideration of alphabet of our mother tongue—it

God, his existence, his handdealings with man, havingus go onreceivedto perfection.the first3 principles of the gospel of Christ, let

and his laws for human salvation. If these fundamentals are found to be secure, ordinances become Third: Ordinances give life to faith because

a welcomed activity in achieving the high gifts of they require a covenant from those who particithe Lord. pate. Faith is a principle that demands action.

In the words of Wilford Woodruff": Whether it is faith in a law, doctrine, or

plan relative to human affairs, it fails unless it are necessary, heard say I have no ordinances men many belief Christ is necessary in the that only Lord to be leads to a practice, rite, or ceremony. Otherwise Jesus

saved. I have not learned that myself from any revelation of it remains an idle belief, an abstract conviction, a

God to men, either ancient or modern. But on the contrary, theory. The moment it is used, as in an ordinance,

faith in Christ, repentance, and baptism for the remission of it flames into life, and leaps into the world of sins were taught by patriarchs and prophets and by Jesus practical affairs, becoming a positive power, helpremission for apostles. of the Baptism Christ and His sins ful in the world of men.

one, essenis not of the gospel. baptism Says is an ordinance

tial to salvation. Jesus not only taught it, but rendered Everyone who receives an ordinance must make

obedience himself to that requirement, not that he was bap- a covenant, else the ordinance is not fully satistized for the remission of sins—but, as he said, "to fulfil all factory. He who is baptized covenants to keep

righteousness,"thus in this, as in all other respects giving the the law of the Church; he who is administered to

principles of the these for follow. example all who When

refor sickness, and the administrators, covenant to fit subject is then a to complied with gospel are a man ceive the Holy Ghost; and this holy gift is bestowed today use their faith to secure the desired healings; he

as it was anciently, by the laying on of hands by men poswho receives the temple endowment covenants to sessing the authority to administer in the ordinances of the use in his life that which he has been taught; he who

gospel. These are the first principles of the gospel which we is ordained to the priesthood agrees to honor it,

Latterday Saints believe in and teach to our follow men.1 and so on with every ordinance.

Second: The Lord's requirements, never arbiThat places covenants high, as they should be.

trary, follow logically from principle to principle. Knowledge of itself has little saving power. Only

as it is used does knowledge become of value. The

With regard to the ordinances of God, we may remark man who learns and promises to use that knowlit; requires yield because that to them obedience he we plan accept the of and edge is of value to society. To

rational his philosophy with of requirements has iota a every {Concluded on page 117) it. philoshypothesis. get not That on a do up things We

zDiscourses of Brigham Young, p. 152 (1943 edition)

1Diseourses of Wilford Woodruff, p. 19 3Discourses of Wilford Woodruff, p. 20

FEBRUARY 1948 97 ating brotherly love and cooperation, and further, a strengthening of the community, which results eventually in a greater nation. &MW\NVOlM For home night, recently, I received a contribution of a beautiful

poem from my aged mother. She

twentytwo-yearold son gave a has never had an opportunity to extalk to save on cooperating versatility. press her poem The

plan.Home Evening goodfood, as a postwar out eloquenther beauty so brought

By Georgiana Angell Millet Following the program, a memly that a person would like to emuber is then asked to give a closing late her.

Finally, prayer. are refreshments leaving fine points unmany I amWhenSmith Presidentadvised theGeorgereestablish-Albert free to exchange served, and we are establish said, but if you home evening, wherement of a home ideas, or relax. dance, will find night, them all, you and

rein all family unit of a members stage, At this we are inviting two It's like the of unraveling more!

main at home one evening to mingle or three friends each week to share beautiful scroll. a

together in happy association, I orthe fun. They contribute to the proganized my family the following gram and carry our plan to theirWednesday evening—though I own family groups.

didn't know just what our entertainment would be. ()ur slogan is "tolerance."All are

I sent word to my five married being prepared, consciously or children (all within a few miles'unconsciously, for better community radius) and, likewise, informed my life, and so, for more abundant livother five children and husband at ing. Thus, much; originality is exhome that I desired their presence at pressed, and we learn many things Josephine B. Nichols

home on the following Wednesday about each other's hidden talents. Cerve your family these highly nutrievening. We started our first home Once I sponsored a contest and tious, appetizing, economical menus.

evening with this group, besides gave a prize to the one who could their families (a total of twentylist the most reasons why home Menus four persons). At this stage it is night was a good idea. The result I

rolling along successfully and gainwas delightful. A fine response, ening momentum with wondrous and hancing numerous thoughts was deChicken Shortcake

happy results. livered, a sermon in itself. SweetButteredPotatoBroccoliCakes

I asked my eldest son to be master These wonderful times singing Rice Pudding Raisin Cookies of ceremonies, which he willingly gospel songs, such as, "Love at Milk did. Since that time each week has Home"and "Count Your BlessII

seen a different member in this posiings,"will linger in our memories tion. Now all of those eligible have like a sweet echo throughout the ToastedOldFashionedCheese BeanSandwichesSoup

had a turn down to my youngest years. Pickled Beet Salad

tenyear old daughter, inclusive; Talks are given from time to time Cherry Pie

and the procedure is being repeated. on genealogy, patriarchal blessings, Milk

Each evening is commenced with temple work, faithpromoting inciIII a familiar gospel song or a new song dents, and many other choice items Baked Creamed Fish Fillets typed out to pass around. The song of the gospel. Baked Potatoes

leader is, of course, one of my sons Each week there are new feaStringOrangeBeansSlices VinegarSpice CakeSauce or daughters. tures. One week we had current Milk

A member is then asked to open events, a talk about handy house IVwith prayer, and a good program gadgets, and a tap dance.

follows. This program was proWe always take time to celebrate Short Ribs Limaof BeefBean SuccotashBrowned Potatoes

duced by members of the group at the birthdays of each member, in Carrot and Cabbage Salad random, but now participants are their order. Cakes, gifts, and suitCherry Roll Hot Sauce

Milk selected a week in advance. able programs are presented for the

The results are amazing. All are individual occasion. V

taking part, even threeyear-olds. Weekly a donation of five cents Liverburgers on Toasted Buns

There are solos, readings, stories, is collected from each adult to meet With Vegetable Soup

Gelatin Fruit Salad Bible lessons, talks, various types of expenses of birthday gifts, refreshGinger Bread and Apple Sauce music, etc. ments, and other expenses. Presents Milk

Some unique features have been: are limited in price to seventyfive Recipes

experiences related by sons returned cents for children, and one dollar from the service, gospel singing, for adults. By this method expenses Chicken Shortcake

readings, and dances in costumes. are simplified, and no one really 2 cups sifted flour

One little granddaughter, just learnmisses such a small amount. 2 J/2 teaspoons baking powder

salt hering to read, "Dick brought and milk cup bit. her and did bookJane"shortening tablespoons My theI visualizegreatest opportunitiesin home nightforonecreof %]/25 teaspoon

98 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Sift flour with baking powder and salt.

'Cut in shortening. Add milk and stir until

a soft dough is formed. Turn onto lightly t&4c Z&eofloured board, pat to onehalf inch thick- m*

ness. Cut half of dough into rounds with

biscuit cutter; brush tops with melted fat.

Cut out the remaining dough with doughnut cutter. Place these on top of whole rounds.

Bake in hot oven (450 F.) 12 to 15 minutes.When done, separate biscuits, pour

creamed chicken between. Replace top.

Creamed Chicken

2 cups cooked chicken 1 can cream of mushroom soup y2 cup evaporated milk Yly cupcup slicedwater pimiento 34 cup chopped green pepper 1 tablespoon grated onion 1 teaspoon salt

Heat soup in double boiler. Add remaining ingredients; cook ten minutes.

This is lucky Mrs. "White", fast asleep on Washday NightOld'Fashioned Bean Soup

Washday dreams improve her rest, since her laundry soap's the best.

It will soon be lucky you, if you use FelsNaptha, too. 1y21 cupssmall driedonionor 3 cups cooked lima beans

2 tablespoons butter or margarine 1 teaspoon salt 34 teaspoon pepper 1 can (141/2 oz.) evaporated milk

2y parsley cups water #%&. <%&%/ Maed... SOMETHING LS

Pick over and wash beans. Soak six to

eight hours in cold water to cover, and drain. Cook in water until tender. Force

through coarse sieve. Saute chopped onion

in hot melted butter until limp but not brown. Add bean puree, seasonings, and

combined evaporated milk and water. Heat

just to boiling point. Sprinkle finely cut

parsley over the soup just before serving.

. Baked Cream Fish Fillets

2 pounds fish fillets (cod, sole, haddock, or halibut) fresh or frozen x/i teaspoon salt pepper juice of one lemon 2 tablespoons margarine or butter 2 tablespoons enriched flour 1 teaspoon dry mustard y> cup evaporated milk water is restless Here Mrs. "Gray", haunted coming by the daybuttered cup bread crumbs

She she must knows rub victim and scrub, of the ]Zy1 tablespooncup Tub. minced parsley Washday

Cut fillets in serving pieces. Place in Mrs. G. will find there's hope, if she'll try FelsNaptha Soap.

greased shallow baking dish; sprinkle with

salt and pepper and lemon juice. Make a

white sauce of margarine, flour, seasonings, Every week there are more Mrs. "Whites"in the world—

milk, fillets. and water; pour over

with crumbs and parsley. Bake in moderate Sprinkle and fewer Mrs. "Grays". Women who want to make

oven (350) 35 minutes. washing easier—who want their washes completely,

Cherry Roll fragrantly clean and sweet—naturally turn to

2 cups canned cherries, drained golden FelsNaptha in place of lazy laundry flour cups 2y teaspoons 3 baking powder soaps. Or tricky "soap substitutes".

salt 1 teaspoon 34 cup sugar 5 tablespoons shortening Why not mark your shopping list now?

% cup milk For whiter washes, brighter colors,

Sift flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar easier washing, FelsNaptha Soap. together. in shortening. Cut milk to Add

form a soft dough; roll out to a sheet about

thick; spread surface with melted y2fat; inchcover with sugar. jelly Roll up like a

roll. Bake in oven (400 F.) until brown.

Serve with hot lemon or cherry sauce made with cherry juice. Golden baror Golden chips FELSNAPTHA banishesTattlelale Gray"

{Concluded on page 114) FEBRUARY 1948 99 100 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FEBRUARY 1948 101..:

1948 lesson Course for Monthly Quorum Meetings HThe general priesthood committee of the Council of the Twelve suggests to all Melchizedek Priesthood (high priests, seventy, and elders) throughNEW MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD HANDBOOK ISSUED out the Church that during the year 1948 the Melchizedek Priesthood Note: The following letter announcing the issuance of a new

Handbook be used as a course of study Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook was sent to all stake and mission in their monthly quorum meetings. All presidencies recently. It is published herewith in order that all brethren

lessons will be taken from this book. engaged in the Melchizedek Priesthood supervision activities may be

The following lessons are intended for aware of their right to receive one of these handbooks to assist them use in the February and March monthwith their work.

ly quorum meetings. Additional lessons for each month of the year will be Stake Presidents and Counselors

published in subsequent issues of The Mission Presidents and Counselors

Improvement Era on the Melchizedek Re: Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook

Priesthood pages. Dear Brethren:

Unclosed herewith is a copy of the new Melchizedek Priesthood HandLESSON ONE: February 1948 book which has been prepared by the general priesthood committee

with the approval of the First Presidency and Council of the Twelve. It

"General and Stake Priesthood is believed that the instructions herein incorporated will provide readily

Supervision"a comprehensive guide to priesthood organization, policies, procedures,

P. 5 to topic IV, p. 14 and activities. These instructions supplant all previous instructions.

This handbook has been prepared in looseleaf style with standard 1 The general priesthood committee threehole punching. The committee will, as the First Presidency and

of the Council of the Twelve is comTwelve may direct, prepare future suggestions and instructions from posed of whom? time to time in this form so they may easily be inserted and become a

2. What are the principal functions part of this booklet.

of the general priesthood committee? Under separate cover we are mailing you sufficient additional copies

3. Do the members of the Presiding to supply your entire presidency and, in the case of stakes, your high

Bishopric meet with the general priestcouncilors, stake Melchizedek Priesthood committee, quorum and group hood committee? officers, quorum and group class instructors, stake mission presidents,

4. Are all Melchizedek Priesthood stake mission district presidents, and bishoprics. We desire to make this

matters of the Church directed to this handbook available without charge to all brethren who are responsible committee? for the direction of Melchizedek Priesthood activities.

5. Study the charts on priesthood suMay we suggest that you keep a listing of the distribution you make

pervision found on pages seven and in order that future supplements to be incorporated as a part of this nine. handbook may be given to all brethren possessing them. Unless these

6. What are the duties and 'jurisdicbooklets are kept upto-date, some of their value will be lost. The gention of the stake presidency? eral priesthood committee office is likewise keeping a record of the

7. In what way does the stake presinumber of such handbooks sent to all stakes and missions and will send

dency's jurisdiction over the seventy's sufficient supplements for insertions as these are prepared.

quorums differ from his jurisdiction over It is intended that these instructions will be incorporated in the the quorums of elders and high priests? official Handbook of Instructions for stake presidencies and bishoprics

8. Whose duty is it to see that every when it is reprinted. In order to make the Melchizedek Priesthood inman who is given a position of prieststructions more accessible to all brethren engaged in priesthood superhood leadership performs his duty? vision activities, this special handbook has been prepared. All orders

9. What priesthood assignments are for additional copies, if such are necessary, should be submitted by stake

given to members of a stake high counand mission presidencies to the general priesthood committee.

cil? Faithfully your brethren,

10. What is the purpose of the stake Council of the Twelve

Melchizedek Priesthood committee?

1 1 This committee is composed of whom? "iff 12. Make a list of the duties and President

functions of the secretary of the stake

Melchizedek Priesthood committee.

are the duties and jurisdic13. What

Melchizedek the stake PriestLESSON TWO: March 1948 Seventy's General Fund oftion

hood committee? "Ward Priesthood Supervision;

14. How often should the stake MelQuorum Purposes, Objectives

chizedek Priesthood committee hold and Responsibilities"Announcement was made recently council meetings? IV p. 14 to V-C, p. 18 by the First Council of the

15. What is the purpose of the 1. Do ward bishoprics have jurisdicSeventy to all quorums of seventy that

"monthly planning meeting"of the tion over Melchizedek Priesthood quothe general fund would be discontinued stake Melchizedek Priesthood commitrum functions? as of January 1, 1948. In conveying

tee? {Concluded on page 120) this information they wrote as follows

102 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

'earn. rvlickiqan 6 fp/lanturw >4

"Delative to Michigan's RoseTWELVE—CONDUCTEDHAROLDBY THE B.GENERALLEE, CHAIRMAN;PRIESTHOODEZRACOMMITTEETAFT BENSON,OF THEMARIONCOUNCILG. ROMNEY,OF THE "Fritz"bowlCrislerfootballsaid toteam,them,Coachafter

THOMAS E. MC KAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, they had won their conference

ANTOINE R. IVINS, RICHARD L. EVANS, OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, S. DILWORTH championship, "You are chamYOUNG, MILTON R. HUNTER, BRUCE R. MC CONKIE pions. You became champions

through long hours of hard work and months of clean living.

care of your body mechAccounting for Priesthood NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO Take

Members on Sunday Morning COLUMN anism."It is worthwhile calling again

Conducted of of attention the the youth by to/\fttimes secretaries who call the roll Dr. Joseph F. Merrill Crisler's statethat the Church

or meeting the in group quorum to his ment what men indicates are in thosefail to get record of a who athletic all other of coaches general at the assemblyattendance try to teams do—-require Jrom, Mem avid Jk em school but the bishopric, ofunder the direction

to abstain their boys from who are engaged in other Church work A new antiliquor organization makes tobacco, and other narcoticsliquor,as during the following period. a bid for public support. Its name well as observe the laws of

It is suggested that a provision be is "The Grand Army of Temperance"health as the experts understand made to assist in the proper accounting with offices in Los Angeles, California, them.

of all members. Ward clerks in calling and Phoenix, Arizona. There are three

the roll of each quorum or group of the requirements for membership: ( 1 ) Age

priesthood might appropriately ask fourteen years or older; (2) Signing

those who shall be unable to attend a pledge to abstain from all alcoholic be assigned to a specific region for intenposts. the in sive organization of work new duringtheir or meeting group quorum beverages using influence to deand

are for rapidly the ahead, moving We other tothe ensuing period Church due traffic, liquor the stroy and Paying (3) of so needs never have people young been to the priesthood hour duringwork dollar. annual of dues one great, never so people been and have young rethis the standing. Inremain way

possibilities of Its those needs. feel aware imthe members The keenly must

secretariesspective group and quorum limited Allied only are facing: Youth by obligations of portance three ( 1 tabulation of the accurate ancan make money. power and man sentiment; Spread dry Support (2) brethren. of such numbernames and

office; for candidates public dry and

If bishopric choose not does the ward in gains option Local were made in his a plank Seek dry (3) own presiprovision, suchto quorum make 1947. the during cases year numerous political platform. party

request should leadersdents group and reports, local to According many order, organization, or The new their respective topermission have held, elections a option were and few to ofproposes be have militant—to for dismissal before standmembers lost, gains than the but were more were i.e., titles, ficers first military with accounting so accurateclasswork an is result that large to one. three The class lieuprivates, sergeants, corporals, achieved. bemay in states the east of the of areas many tenants, etc., captains, followmajors, enitem, as the "Those Inasmuch in territory. are dry This Rockies now ing the of the pattern Salvation Army. in the other during Church workgaged in is particularly half true the southern to higher ranks Promotion from lower

is hour,"impriesthood meeting very is It country. regrettable, of the howwill qualiconditioned be meeting upon for in accounting properlyportant terthe in that area ever, while dry fying factors.

as "active to reported andthose be drinking ritory increased, the has by locally are to held be Encampments indesirability for,"of theaccounted in as country people the a has whole year, regionally twice a nationally and enstituting satisfactory of some means increased. also of year. a are order the aims once The isabling accurate accounting an liquor the phase of problem has One in objective, very cogrand high—the presiBishoprics,stressed. quorum attracted nationwide all operation with other ortemperance attention—the leadersdents, requested are group and quantities large of destroying problem ganizations, to the destruction secure in this matter. fullyto cooperate

for grains other foods of the and maktraffic this liquor of 1960. the All of by

the officers call "Temperance Work ing of alcoholic beverages. The quesBeginning January 1, 1948, the traveling With a Vision."tion arises, why let people starve in

and office expenses of the First Council of Allied Youth's Program, according order that others may have drink? The

office will the alcoholic is paid value the through of food Seventy beverages be to of Breg Washington, D. Roy C, W.

the First the of After Presidency. payment low. sense seem would Common is very secretary executive group, of the

will of seventy the of fund, 1947 quorums indicate while that of to our so many stronger respect high a drawing from for therefore, the annual not, asked be in starving condition fellow are a men before. students school ever than fiftycent donation. of the suspension destruction of a food in said the the of session opening He of seventy requesting every custom The these of for production beverages 1947 Allied Planning National Youth in 1850 to the contribute to fund began

when the First Council had to have means Conference, should be encouraged.

to defray their expenses in carrying on Relative to the question of foodsav- their work. The fund has been maintained Far more schools are open to Allied ing the following press dispatch from

ever since. Youth than we can possibly serve. There Washington is illuminating:

We are thankful for the manner in which is an immediate and urgent demand for a the seventies throughout the Church have greatly increased field staff and the funds According to the official report of the responded to our request in the past, and to make this possible. Eight new workers United States government compiled through

are grateful to the First Presidency for are to be added to the staff, bringing the the Treasury Department by the Bureau what they have now done. total to ten. Each of the new workers will {Concluded on page 117)

FEBRUARY 1948 103 TT 1L L i

Bishops L.D.S. Girls Voice of Youth

Who Should Do Ward Teaching? Leadership Viewpoints

HPhe safeguarding of the Church, the '"Phe Sugar House Stake committee home, and the individual is the refor Latterday Saint girls has a sponsibility divinely delegated to the strong enthusiast in Lu C. Fawson.

ward teacher. The importance of such In working with leaders and girls,

a calling might suggest that it is exSister Fawson has stressed the followclusive in nature coming to only a few ing thoughts:

privileged individuals. While it should Sustain those who are appointed to

always be considered as a great privileadership in the Church lege to be called as a ward teacher, it Always set a good example nevertheless is not reserved to any Develop an ability to create harmony, limited number of participants. In fact, peace, and confidence among

this call may come to every male memthose with whom you work ber of the Church. It is true there are Obtain and maintain a working testiqualifications, but they are within the mony of the gospel

reach of every man and boy who lives Extend love and consideration to a worthy life. every girl in the program

The first and primary requisite is Guard against petty misunderstandthat he shall bear the Holy Priesthood. ings

Beginning with each member of the Use frankness and tact in discusAaronic Priesthood who has been orsions, plans, and associations with dained to the office of teacher or priest, both leaders and girls it continues bear as the duty of all who and forgiveness are necesWisdom

It exPriesthood.the Melchizedek WILLIAM FRANCIS CHARLES sary virtues

cludes only those who are physically Record keeping provides a method Following are excerpts from an ad'incapable, and those who are spiritthrough which our efforts may be dress, "The Importance o/ the Priest'ually unworthy. observed, reviewed, and improved hood,"by William Francis Charles, a

The obligation is more exacting upon upon. Thus, secretaries fill imteacher in the Council Bluffs Branch,

States Mission. Western are best prepared.those who places portant in the program and

if strong any be you among man And I T am thankful am a Mormon boy for their should be appreciated let 'with Spirit,in the take him him him that is weak, that he may be edified in all great worth. and belong to the Church of Jesus

meekness, that he may become strong also. As occasion permits, the viewpoints Christ of Latterday Saints because it

Therefore, take with you those who are of other leaders will be expressed. is the only church that has the true

ordained unto the lesser priesthood. (D. & priesthood of God. We believe that

C. 85:106107.) any specified time for one to continue this Church alone, of all the churches,

The call is particularly directed to in this service. It may be for a year has the true authority to act in the

quorum presidencies, auxiliary leaders, or a lifetime. Worthiness, physical Lord's name. What a wonderful priviand to stake and ward officers. ability, and the inspiration of the Lord lege this is!

There is no such thing as graduating to the bishopric—these alone determine Without priesthood there can be no

from this sacred duty. Neither is there how long one shall serve. baptism acceptable to our Father in

The Shelton Ward, East Rigby Stake, records an enviable achievement in the photo above. Bishop William J. Sperry of the Shelton Ward writes us that,

"We had such a wonderful thing happen in our ward, and we all feel good about it. During the past year we have had a class for a group of adult members

of the Aaronic Priesthood, and seven of them were ordained elders in September 1947. Six of the newly ordained elders with their families went through the

Idaho Falls Temple, and seventeen percent of our ward membership accompanied them. We feel it is the most wonderful thing ever to happen in our ward."

We agree with Bishop Sperry. We go one step further: What is done in the Shelton Ward, can be done anywhere else with the same measure of thoughtful

and prayerful effort.

104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i> mwmx (Ltdited bu cJLee yv. J-athmer

The Chicago Stake Aaronic Priesthood chorus staged its first major appearance at a recent stake conference held in the University Ward chapel. The chorus

is being directed by Keith Brown, Wayne C. Durham, Alan Mackay, and Eddie Smith. Vernon Ward is the chorus accompanist. Reports indicate that the boys

gave an excellent account of themselves in spite of the difficulty encountered in holding rehearsals since the boys must travel great distances.

This is encouraging word from Chicago, and we look for more such good word from this great stake of Zion.

YOUTH WARD LEADERSHIP Aaronic Priesthood Choruses L.D.S. Girls

OUTLINE OF STUDY MARCH 1948 Questions and Answers A Challenging Record

HThe lesson for March will be a reQuestion: In the absence of priest- (South Ogden Stake)

of material prethe study view qualified leaders to are conhood who the seventythree year 1947 P\uring in this forsented column and June May duct Aaronic and accompany an girls in inactive the South Ogden 1946.of helps information and The appoint chorus, Priesthood may we into activStake brought Church were duringpresented the past years two to positions? leaders these women ity girls Saints through the Latterday that so valuable desirehave been we there Yes. Answer: However, when Peterson, program. chairman Marie D.they be reviewed reemphasized. and

are leaders priesthood and women this the stake of committee, made this in will month, column,Each we it is leaders available, recommended in pleasing report Presiding the the lessonssuggest to be reviewed and that priesthood leaders assigned be it office, as Bishop's spoke, she and inthey to vary from number one may responsibilities. these difficult satisfaction the not to note wasthree.

the Question: are recomWhat as leaders to to they serve comes which that Realizing will not everyone have

relative to public mendations appeartheir bless fellow men. filekept of the a complete the and Era

ances Priesthood Aaronic of ward girls inactive to Seventythree for Section the of theChurch made News choruses?

in rejoice blessings of the gospel! the for reference,past will years two we

is It that the Answer: recommended harvest! blessings, a here lessons the suggested formimeograph What What

given Priesthood chorus be thisreview mail and hereafter, each for both the girls and and month maAaronic to sing in the every opportunity various their faithful leaders.terial direct to each one bishop month

meetings, meetsuch as quorum wardin bishop advance. should immeThe is forceful another demonstraHere ings, special meetings, prosacrament

diately turn the material the over to it that done. can be testimonials, grams, missionary and tionleader presents lessons the and who

thus provide him with opportunity to Mutual Improvement Association also sing meetings. Choruses maymake adequate preparation. in The Improvement Era and of the invited stake conferences by the when

stake presidency. Church Section of The Deseret News

heaven. He will not accept baptism Question: Where can we obtain 3. The special department for stake

performed by one who does not have information about boys'singing voices and ward Aaronic Priesthood music the proper authority. I am very thankand how to organize them into a directors and organists, held in conful that I have had the privilege of chorus? nection with the stake priesthood leadbeing baptized by one who holds the Answer: There are four sources of ership meeting each month

priesthood. Without this authority information about boys'voices and 4. The Presiding Bishopric have set

there can be no laying on of hands for Aaronic Priesthood choruses, namely: up a special music department to prothe gift of the Holy Ghost. 1. The "introduction"to the song mote the Aaronic Priesthood singing

Priesthood is a Godgiven power book entitled, Aaronic Priesthood program throughout the Church. This

and is the very life of the Church. Choruses department is prepared to answer all

(Concluded on page 114) The Presiding Bishopric's Page of questions pertaining to this project.

FEBRUARY 1948 105

Recent Microfilmings

Cubstantial progress in the microfilming of records is reported from all the different fields in America and

Europe. In America alone over a quarter of a million pages were filmed, from

470 volumes of records. GENERAL TEMPIE INFORMATION BULIETIN—1948

In Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania, the immense task there has Temple Baptisms Endowment and Sealing Sessions Calendar been completed by Ernst Koehler.

Closes for Endowment: 30 summer Tuesday July Alberta 21 to October 21From he November

Tuesday, 2:30 p.m. 14 Reopens September 9 a.m. (at copied of 90 rolls film, each 9 Wednesday, for to one Closes a.m., 2:30, and 7 year 1948 23 Dec. Cardston

p.m. 11:30 a.m. Reopens 4 January 1949 feet in length.hundred were On these Thursday, 9 a.m.# * * and 2:30 p.m.taken 193 volumes for of deed books

Sealings that county, 113,513 pages, making our Tuesday and Friday, 10 a.m.,

copies complete down to the year 1821. and after each session

He will now commence photographing for 2 Closes July Endowment: summer at recordsQuaker Swarthmore, p.m. 5 Monday, 6:30 Reopens October Penn- (atArizonaMesa) Saturdays

8:30 Tuesday, a.m. Closes 25 and 11:30 Novembersylvania, in the Friends'Historical

for Closes Dec. Thursday, Wednesday, Friday, year 23Library. 8:30 and 11:30 a.m.. and 6:30 Reopens 4 January 1949 1948

The work of Lloyd Hughes in Con- p.m.

necticut has yielded seventyseven for during Closes summer July Endowment: rolls, 155 volumes, and 82,594 Friday, 6 17 p.m. Closes for 1948 year Dec. pages. Hawaiian(at Laie) Thursday Saturday, 2 3 1949 p.m. January Reopens projectHis requires traveling to distant

Special sessions by previous record centers, the farthest, Stonington, arrangements being sixtytwo miles away. Between

Feb. Feb., 12 Closed 23 Endowment: 28October and November Saturday 28 he made Idaho

in for Tuesday, conference April Closes 8 a.m. 12:30 and p.m. and and Fallscopies of the following records conThursday, Wednesday, Friday, October Monday

a.m., 31 8 Also 12:30 July, 11 Nov., p.m. 5 and 6:30 May,taining by vital statistics: many

Special for appointments 25 the Nov. memappointment

of bers 14 for the priesthood August Closes summer on Mon15 days September Reopens Norwich Land Records, 16591850, 56 * * for 1948 Closes year 23 Dec.

vols. I Sealings: 1949 January 5 Reopens Mondays by appointNorwich Probate Records, 17481852, 19 ment

vols.

for Conference April Closed Endowment: Voluntown

12 Feb., July, Closed and 5 24 July Tuesday, 8:30 a.m. Probate Records, 18301851, Logan Saturdays Monday 2 vols. Closes for 14 August and 12:30 p.m. summer

Lisbon Land Records, 17861852, 6 vols. Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Reopens 20 September

for Conference October Franklin 11 and Nov., 25 Nov.

for 1948 year 18 Dec. Land Records, 17161858, 8 Special8:30 a.m.,session:12:30* 29* *Dec,and 6:308:30 p.m.a.m. ClosedAlso,Closes vols.

Griswold Land Records, 18151851, 6 Livingand onsealingsSaturdaysafter first session Reopens 3 January 1949 vols.

Preston Records, 16871854, Land 24 6 April and Closed Endowment: Friday Manti

vols. 5 and July 31 May,5 Friday, through 9 a.m. by Monday

for 30 Closes summer July and 12:30 p.m. appointment North Stonington 1807Land Records, sessions 7 September Evening Reopens and on Monday only

vols. 1 Oct. Sept. 1850, 30 at and Closed 6:30 Thursday 9 p.m.

Stonington Land Records, 16651850, Special session: 28 Dec 9 a.m. Also,Closes 25for andyear2623 NovemberDec. 1948

25 vols. Reopens 3 January 1949

in Filming of the books county 24 Closed July Endowment:

for St. George Saturdays Tuesday, Friday Closes summer and Saturday, 31 Julycourthouses of Maryland recommenced

21 Reopens September 9 a.m. andon until then November 13. From 25 Closes Wednesday and1 p.m.Thursday, November

November 28, William Koehler re- 9 a.m., 1 and 6:30 p.m. ClosesReopensfor 4yearJanuary23 Dec.19491948

produced ninetyseven volumes or 45,017 pages, as follows: Salt Daily Endowment: Closed 12 Feb. and 23 Feb.

for conference Friday, through 8 a.m., Closed Monday 5 and by Lake

1:30, April, also and 6:15 5 p.m. 31 May appointment Maryland Land Patents and Warrants,

for Living sealings, Closes summer and endowments 2 July vols. 17271764, 8 16 8 a.m. August Reopens and *5 *p.m.* Sept. 6 Closed and for conference Dorchester Co. Land for the Records, 17531767, Sealings 2 October 1 and Dead, Monday

9 vols. through Friday, 8 a.m. (except Closed 12 Oct. and 11 Nov.

Frederick Co. Land Records, 17681784, Wednesdays)only, 6 p.m. bybywardappointmentor stake ClosesReopens25 15NovemberNovember

2 vols. appointment only Reopens 29 November

Queen Annes Co. Deeds, 17671776, 22 ReopensCloses for3 yearJanuary17 1949Dec. 1948

vols.

Prince Georges Co. Land Records, 17891850, 56 vols. Personal Property Tax Lists for these counties, such as Buckingham and

Virginia counties: Hanover.

James M. Black is temporarily back Buckingham Co., 17821841 Detailed reports from the operators

at the Virginia State Library, surveying Caroline Co., 17831799 overseas for November are not yet at

17821790 Co., Dinwiddie fieldthe training and a new operator, hand. the several But with cameras

Fairfax Co., 17821805 of Wilmington,James North Ray M. in busy England, Denmark, Norway, Co., Gloucester 17821799Carolina. total that it is probable and Holland the 17821803 Co., Goochland

From November 20 to November Hanover Co., 17921804 number of pages reproduced for our

28 he also copied twentyfive volumes library will be between half a million or 10,172 pages, as listed below: These are especially valuable in and threefourths of a million pages.

106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How much should you pay for a tractor—or any modity than at any time in history. Only about threepiece of farm machinery? fourths as much of these farm products are needed to

ANSWER: Enough to get a good one! buy a tractor now as were needed in 1940.

Oliver Tractors are not the lowest in price. In the We are glad that this is so. We are glad that the inface of rising labor and material costs we could not come of the American farmer has increased so much

maintain old prices without sacrificing quality. We rerelatively. We are glad that our own increases in manufused to do that! facturing efficiency have enabled us to hold our comHowever, you can now buy Oliver equipment for parable prices down. The Oliver Corporation, 400 West

less grain, less beef, less cotton, less of any farm comMadison Street, Chicago 6, Illinois.

OLIVER "FINEST IN FARM MACHINERY"v - Mountain States Im piement Compa ny

Ogd en, Utah

Branches: UTAH Ogden IDAHO Preston Idaho Falls Rupert Shelley

Tremonton Blackfoot Buhl Rexburg Twin Falls

FEBRUARY 1948 107

QUAGUNTS

( Continued from page 83 Indian had simply to follow the tracks snapped one by one, he coaxed to sleep of his prey into the everdeepening on the front porch of Uncle Leo's snow until the animal floundered or behouse because wynu-pits were after came entangled; killing it quickly, the

him. This great, ugly old Indian, the hunter returned with meat to his wick-i-

In up. the spring the last of diet rerenegades, vegetable when known wasDESERET the Indian, alto coaxing of the the he dropped yen to duced was white man

low him to sleep, huddled in his dirty into the deep canyons tributary to the blankets, on porches where he could Grand Canyon and found yant to lendNEWS press himself close to stone walls. Could luxury to his appetite.

it be the protection of the hated whites that he sought? Or had he learned to Tt was NanKo-Weap that the fatherPRESS respect the white man's God? Anyway, of Quagunts chose for his family's

he was allowed to sleep there. Aunt abode. The Kaibab walled it on the

Lue fed him and explained only that he west; great red sand cliffs (unkawas a kind old Indian. Others called kanig) fenced it on the north. These

himtt it"blackhearted,""skulking,"two mountains meet at right angles in mean. the northwest corner of the valley.

COMMERCIAL died,TwentyfiveI found hisyearsstoryafterwritten"Oldas Quag"he had redTowardsand thehill eastextendsfromwiththis evergainingjunction the

our town, and filed in the state historiabruptly, stops a and makes face—for

files. AND EDITION caltold it himself to an old cattleman of altitude, then sees what is before it, is there gorge, River and the Colorado

PRINTERS AND "VK/e of the cactistudded lands of althoughriver affordsthe brokenman a countrycrossing,nearcalledthe

it called for never the blue have meet Country"zona mountain "Our Navajo BOOK BINDERS * * southern Utah and northern AriLee's Ferry, Unkakanig knows it will east. years, the river far distant in the I have but so found beyond no many

PAPER RULING deedfrom thewherepovertystrickenthe ground wasPaiutes.purchasedPerWeapThe cutsnortheasta wickedcornergashof diagonallyNanKo-

haps we should call it the "Land of our through the desert plains to the southinvasion."west corner, and here NanKo-Weap,

However, it is home to the second the Kaibab, and the Grand Canyon and third generation whites who were meet. The Grand Canyon makes the

born there and grew up to love its south border of the Kaibab mountain;

pink pinnacles, red ledges, its prismatic it is a mile deep and twelve miles wide, lmteSdional sands, and turquoise skies, at the same a gutted slash through which the earth time that we learned to deal with its bares its broken teeth and snarls. The

rattlesnakes, scorpions, ugly tarantulas, Kaibab spans twentyfive miles west and Social and poisonous Gila monsters. from NanKo-Weap to Kanab Gulch,

We have experienced the blasting but one dares not estimate the distance winter winds that swirl in blizzard of this section of the world's greatest cattle on canyon that connects these two places, J>tatuonerj ferocity and leave hunched every south hillside, and lock a season's for here, where it borders the south side

Wefruit knowcrop intheitsswelteringbuds for anothersummer year.heat ofer theandKaibab,far moreit is adiversifiedthousand andfeet deepcom-

that can make even a lizard scamper plex than at any other part of its grindinto the shade and lift his sandburned ing twohundred and twenty mile 29 RICHARDS STREET feet. length.

Forty miles south and east from At the time of "Quag's"story the

Pioneers Mountain. Kaibab corner southwest of NanKo- called it warm PHONE 4 -5521 Kanab, in the state of Arizona, lies family was settling for winter in the because of its numerous "Buckskin"gathered Grass seed had been Weap.

deer. The Indians called it Kaibabits into large woven baskets ready to be

( mountain lying down ). "This mounparched, then ground into meal. Long

tain reaches nine thousand feet elevastrips of venison hung from bushes and tion, is heavily wooded with yellow trees to dry for winter use. The Kaipine, quaking aspen, and Douglas fir. babits, (Indians who dwelt about the

skirting elevations edges where On its and contented Kaibab ), were a happy pifion lower, oak, scrub[Skilled Hands ##::>:::::::::ox: are pine, and father, clan, consisting of Quagunts'

[Mean Higher Pay, Jj| variouswhich formerlygrasses furnishenrichedseedsthe andPaiute'snuts mother,rie, abouta grownten, andbrother,Quaguntsa sister,agedWersix, m diet. Quagunts'uncle, his aunt, and their

% The Kaibab reaches forty miles north grown daughter.

i and south and twentyfive miles east Only Timpaca-ba, the young squaw i and west. cousin to Quagunts, was restless; the

Quish training has On the east side the Kaibab drops object of her discontent—the slender

to thoupaid dividends last Indian she from the remembered valley, the desert to meet Nanre- abruptly sands. Students at Moccasin, Arizona. She it as powwow the white know KoWeap; men intensive training ceive

'.under supervision of there tribe like to her with meet would valley, Valley."This Rock "House

experfs.,Enron anytime. stalsee again if he had and grown family, the Quagunts'thought made SEND FREE( FOR CATAtda

if her wart. notice Perhaps he would for Indian. best the of all homes The

again. should they ever meet curious antelope friendly ranged and schoolm

plains. willed it, she if her thoughts the hunting foray into had '*& BERUTV3>8'As A SO.UTHCULTUREMAIN its

snowy Kaibab furnished meat, for the met that night the slender youth of her dreams, now grown tall and handsome.

After the setting sun had left the desert in its amber afterglow, there rode into their camp two Indians from Moccasin.

horses'tied to theirFresh meat was Pretty is exchanged,backs. Tribal news was

and over a festive meal the visitors told of being ang-E-quit (hired) by a band 1of Navajos who had stolen cattle from n/iettu o/ioKM

Uiano ( St. George country ). They had

toqui-tow (rendered assistance) in Your heart melts when any baby looks at you. And when

bringing the the Kaibab. over herd The the baby is yours—your heart asks how you can make they reachedNavajos, NanKo- when

Weap, paid the braves an old cow and sure that she grows straight and strong, with the shining pushed the herd east to cross at Lee's eyes and bright smile that come from radiant health.

their intoFerry own country and You can make pretty sure of that right now. How?

killed theirsafety. two Indians Thecow, then proceeded southward to find By choosing,the best possible milk for your baby—

their old friends and rest a bit. The milk that will provide all the food substances of whole

young Indian looked significantly across milk, including the minerals and the vitamins she needs bright intothe fire brown eyes only to enable her to build sound teeth and bones and to veiledpartly smoke. by

make the best of growth.

KJTorning broke like thunder on this Sego Milk is that kind of milk. Always uniformly

A happy Indian camp. Angered rich in the food substances of whole milk, always easy

white men, in search of their cattle had come across the place where the braves for babies to digest and as surely safe, in its sealed had killed their beef, then followed the container, as if there were no germ of disease in the tracks to find the sleeping family. As world, Sego Milk contains, also, vitamin D, the sunshine

targets, lighted their unsuspectingdawn vitamin, that babies need to enable them to develop Indian fired into the warriorsthe white camp. sound teeth and bones and to

The Indians, surprised, scrambled to *%m&*. make the best of growth.

find their arms. Quagunts and Werrie Thousands of babies all over

rocks. in the Elk themselveshid All day

H tS *e west are unusually well, themselves the childrenlong pressed between rough stones. Fear froze their sturdy, happy babies on their

minds while hatred grew in their hearts. feedings of Sego Milk. Ask your

The noise was shortlived; the battle, doctor about Sego Milk for your

onesided as it was, was soon done.

Still the children crouched in their hidbaby.

ing place; there was safety in the friendly rocks. As hours of silence stretched vr

on, and physical needs clamored for attention, the children crept cautiously back to camp.

The five dead Indians lay in bloody disarray. The three squaws could not mmmtmmssasBst

be found. Two very small children kept

an Indian vigil over their dead that night. In the lonely hours when the

harvest moon bore witness, they wailed, and chanted the death chant ofthe Piede tribe. ECO

When the sun arose on the second day, the children, as best they could, buried their dead. Their father's great

beloved body would not respond to their tugging. They caved a sand bank j'NCREASEDTO;J*3 *w*A 02Swra lmcOl/'OcufflW* ""o

off to cover him. Quagunts again began

to cry; Werrie sent him for his father's

possessions to bury in the sand near him.

Their brother came next. Quagunts

wished he could cry now; tears were

easier to bear than this empty lonely void within him. And the everrising

panic, what would happen to them mBmsSRBBBUBmm now? They buried their uncle; next the

visitors brought had themhappy who that This handy makes it easier to care book the tribe from newsmeat and at Moctrain baby. your for and Free tO Mothers!t

stars began to shine, andcasin. The of the care important questions about and training of the the Dozens most

desertcreeping darkness them wrapped illustrated in this book. 64page are Approved answered your baby

wail—theround. Werrielong raisedIndian herwailvoicethat inthea theby awest.wellknownSend fordoctor.your freePraisedcopy enthusiasticallyof this helpful bookby motherstoday. all over

tribes chant accompanying when Salt Lake E City, Utah—Depl. COMPANY, MILK PRODUCTS their SEGO hunting grounds.dead to the happy Intermountain the Milk in Originator West of Evaporated

( Concluded on page 110) Plants at Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

FEBRUARY 1948 109

QUAGUNTS

( Concluded from page 1 09 they slept huddled together in caves; They took the children up to Moccasin

With the rising sun came the realizaby day they gathered grass seed; but with them. They had been a moon and

tion that their mother would never rewater was hard to find, and they were a half on the way!

turn. The whites had taken the three often very thirsty. Another bitter disappointment awaitsquaws with them. They were in very One day Werrie fell, and Quagunts ed them at Moccasin. Their mother,

deed alone. They could not know how thought she was dead, because she lay with the other squaws, had been left

their beloved mother had fought to reso still for such a long time. Terror at Moccasin by the white killers, but

turn to her children. Now when the deepened the hungersharpened creases hurt from fighting, weakened from grief

children realized that their mother was growing in his baby face. He knew he and worry she had sickened and died

a captive to be used as a slave, they could never find his way without her; when scouts, returning from NanKo-

wept. he would wander hungry and die in Weap, had found no trace of her chilWerrie had been to Moccasin once wretchedness alone. After a long time dren.

in her ten years of life. She thought Werrie moved and made a funny noise. They counted on their fingers. The

she could make her way there again. Quagunts leaned over her. mother whom they would never see

It was too late in the fall to risk going "Water,"she cried, "water."again had died the night it rained on

over the Kaibab, by far the shortest It was a long way back to water. them in the canyon. Had her spirit led

route. The snow fell deep, and food Quagunts went back every day for them to the rabbit that gave them life?

would be unavailable even if the chilmore water. All his daylight hours when Quagunts vowed again that he would

dren could get through before freezing. he was not after water were spent in grow to kill white men enough to

They only briefly considered the easiest gathering seeds for both to eat. avenge his family.

trail of all, up the canyon between Finally Werrie could take a few The oldtimers about Kanab said no vnkakanig and the Kaibab, around the steps, and every step was taken toward one knew how old "Quag"lived to be.

mountain, and across the Prismatic the west. Gradually she grew strong, He was an old man when the whites

Plains to Moccasin, a trip of about sixsettled there, but he had a young squaw ty miles with abundant growth of and small ipats (boy). The thought

littlegrasses creek and seeds, and a of IMPORTANT THINGS neveryoung occurredIndian withto theman oldthatface.he was a the to follow:good water whites But

had gone that way. The children By Mary O'Connor Until he was left alone, he never lived

shuddered, gathered up some meat and near the whites at Kanab as the Moc- a water jug, and began weaving their HPhe things that count are never weighed casin Indians did but took his family way toward the Grand Canyon. * on scales and ranged about the Kaibab in summer

Nor measured by the dollar's gruesome and NanKo-Weap in winter. He was

face; often seen skulking behind bushes and

that fails, rocks the are that are friendly the smile rim canyon*"Phe never They his knees. across with rocks a gun My

that bribery replace. handclasp can The no limestone, millions of with studded one shoot to ready father caught him

things that count of are not The mansionrazor edges. sharp Their bare feet were forest been after the had Kaibab day size bleeding. bruisedsoon Quagunts and Preserve. National a made Game lined satin jeweled with brocade. nor Nor

cried so carthat Werrie would much are you asked, "Quagunts, what trust in He the are simple children's eyes They ry him until she dropped exhausted, And prayer that helps the person who has doing with that gun? I believe you had

and he would have to walk. Her feet prayed. it drawn on me."

became so cut that their imprint was left The things that count are courage in dis- "Me shoot'um deer,"he answered.

tressin Still step. at carried blood she every shoot no say you "Government

that shines brightly as hope And as a littleher brother he wept. Her when into Infather the star deer."dropped My humility that vision bless and Andface her bended, shoulders aged, grew vernacular. dian all true living plan things that God's With creases of toil, worry, hungerand and then,"old shoot government "Me are.

etched themselves forever in her face. was Quagunts* ready answer.

The dizzying heights of the canyon These are things that have the deepest John Covington, herding sheep alone walls that ever towered above them worth; in House Rock Valley {NanKo-

Theseleaned are the most important things on over to smother. oppress and fell day. one and He Weap) tripped

earth. labyrinth depthless urgedThe below find himself to arise to only attempted

them to throw themselves down and end staring into the long muzzle of a gun, the pain and hopelessness of their venheld by a terrifying ugly Indian whose ture. The happy hunting ground must and traveling became fast again. eyes gave no quarter.

their to leave parentsbe good have said, his shirt and opened John haggard, they and Weary, worn came alone. misthem so very much One I gun."have squaw, "Shoot, you no fell, to a place where no rain no and

step, rock, footing the one on wrong hostile into unflinchingly the gazed grass He grew. hungrier Ever and weaker

and they would both be gone. Such an they struggled on, until at last when it eyes while the gun was slowly lowered.

easy way out was not considered. An seemed that they would surely die, The Indian disappeared into the thicket

urge, a driving urge kept their footing rain fell upon them in the night, and as silently as he had come.

sure. Revenge! Find their own people they could see snow high upon the However many times Quagunts

and mete revenge! The children strugmountain above. They climbed up to drew a bead on a white cattleman, he

gled on. the snow. There they found the tracks never killed one. They always turned

There is, half way to the bottom of of a rabbit. They followed him into out to be Mulatts or Swappipats or

the Grand Canyon, a shalesand platthe deep snow where they caught and Riggsippats, or some other Kane Counform called the Tonto Platform. It is killed him. His warm flesh and blood ty man whom he knew and who had

not a plateau, but a steep hillside that gave them strength to push on. administered kindness to him or his

does hold earth enough to grow some With that strength they reached family to the extent that their lives vegetation. When the children reached Kanab Gulch where clear water ran were spared.

this platform, they rested three days and much grass grew. Werrie led the So "Old Quag,"the ugly, mean Innear a spring where their feet began to way north, following the gulch. Hope dian, with an aged face, and a straight

heal and grass seeds could be found. at last swelled within her heart. slender body, crouched his last night

Then they took up their journey to the away, pressed close to the white man's west. Ane night they saw in the distance stone walls that the wynu-pits sent

It was a monotonous way they trod. the light from a campfire. Was it by an unavenged clan would not find

Sometimes two days'travel would net whites or Indians? They crept close to him in his lonely wick-i-up, pitched

them no more than a mile. At night see. It was Indians! Antelope hunters! among the tamarisk by the creek.

no THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Henry Eyring

(Concluded from page 80) holds Journal.Textile Research He ose Aear/y in the Nationalmembership Academy of Sciences, the American

Philosophical Society, the Textile

Research Institute, Sigma Xi (college honorary society for scientific students), and the Utah Academy of Sciences, Arts and Letters. In

May 1947, he became the fifth person to receive the University of Arizona Alumni Achievement Award.

And what of Dr. Eyring's Church

activities during this full life of academic achievements? He has

never allowed his Church affiliations to suffer, no matter how strenuous his collegiate endeavors may have been. He has always been not only

an active member wherever he has gone, he has also taken an active part in the functioning and direction of the Church. While in Berkeley,

he was called into the presidency of the high priests'quorum during 19301931; he served as president

of the New Brunswick Branch from 1932 to 1944; and as district president of the New Jersey District

from 1944 to 1946, when he moved to Utah. Since that time, Dr. Eyring

has been a most valuable addition to the general board of the Deseret

Sunday School Union.

Dr. Eyring has evidenced by his

life and his works—both in Churchand in his chosen profession—the

sincerity of his belief in the restored gospel. He has expressed, ashe s

does in the article that appears in this issue of the (page Era 81), SAamJW c?c mustthat there should be spiritand

ual development along with intellectual achievement. Certainly, the

life of Dr. Eyring is a monument to Q?V*

faith in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. And there is

one further indication of his love for the gospel that cannot be overlooked: This lies in the fact that he

has accepted a position at a lower salary in order that he might return to "Zion,"even as his German and

English ancestors came a century ago.

They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve—neitherBenjaminlibertyFranklin:nor safety.Motto

of the Historical Review of SALT LAKE Pennsylvania PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY

FEBRUARY 1948 11!

IF I WERE A YOUNG HUSBAND

—with ( Continuedmy healthfromandpage nerves79 in markmake toa disparagingothers concerningor ridiculingmy wife.reneededgether. doing when we were tomind.ents—forI wouldtheir personaldevelop creativesatisfaction,taltogetherI wouldthenotsportsexpectandto activitiesgive up alto Tf I were a young husband, I would

and I would know a few of the which I was accustomed and which be generous in praise, acknowlmanual arts pertaining to the simple are part of a vigorous, healthful edging a good piece of work done try to find I would violin playing by my wife—whether do together andrepairshome—forandthemaintenancesake of my ofyoung,my regime,things webutcould baking. or biscuit

meager finances. would put them first, and I would and to up expect grow I would

If I were husband, a young as a husaccept my responsibilities put roots inwould the making down I notexpense—whethercarry on costlyofactivitiesemotion,atlabor,her I to also expect band, but would

of a permanent home as soon as or money. generate considerable fun along the

of course, a I would expect that my wife also way. I would expect to remain apossible—preferably,

home that could expand. And if I would have some personal associawarm human being. I would put off

bought a home already built, I tions and activities that she should boyish things insofar as they made would try to find one that had in it maintain, and I would encourage me selfish, demanding, and irresponthe elements of good neighborhood her to do so. But I would also exsible. But I would hold onto them

and sound structure so that, if later, pect to assist her where "twosomes"firmly wherein they contributed to it failed to meet our needs, it could are indicated. gaiety, lightheartedness, fearlessbe disposed of without too heavy a I would be interested in and afness, and courage.

Iloss. consider not But would my I family. fectionate wife's with my I in interested what be would my entirely as asset. negotiable anhome in them would make welcome my like she wife hope and would wore

I if that, fact recognize the would I of considerate be home. would my clothes. select help to her have me

it in condition,kept had good some if parents; wife's to them, generous I time! that least, the granted had At

I virtue; thatof also but would know I possible; consign mothand would I to with unwilling be not go would that intangible a has elements home I incinerator. erin-law jokes the to benefit of the give her her and my certain that features great of make if be wife very would happy my I taste judgment. would and good families tovalue matsome the attitude took same toward and—no my that, she fundamentally, know ter to value no how family. costly—of all else. please to above dressed me others.

I I If husband, were a young I tidiness If neatness desired and

I I If a husband young were effort intelligent to an make would I maintain them wife, in would my interested as as time bewould my those recognize emotionmental and I permyself. in put would away my capabilities permitted, in and makal elements us between which make If as example. a things sonal good lovely ing a place that our home I life into try smoothly. would go I to me, immaterial tidiness were feelreflect tastes, our would own situations to lead those crease which in with accordance try act to would

I interests, ings, activities. and lead those avoid which harmony and in the matter. feelings wife's my in interested building be would more irritation. to misunderstanding and

I I If husband, a young were hospitality within thatwarm home I If differences developed, would little the maintain to try would in seeking entertainment outthan quickly to determine them compose that considerations chivalries and it. side of to allow not and grow them and

I If heart. from the were away warm

I I If fester. a husband, young were

to> I every write her would T try to bring not too would home that to try what remember would

I return, line. a would only home,day—if difficulties of the dismany to person does and one humorous seems

it small ever so a bearing gift—be I trivialities agreeable of the to day. another so and not seem always

I dinseat at her funny. would and try vital is to would likely the to remember that wife be and a young

her. for car the door ner open and for events humorous wife's rebur- emotionally involved and more my

I not I just to say about would was

I galing. feel reBut not quarrel would her than young a by dened

stricted or constrained. I would feel husband because her interests are take her for granted.

that my wife would much rather largely centered in her home and But in one way, that is exactly know the worst than wonder why I husband, whereas his may be spread what I would do. I would take her

was unhappy and worried, I would over much territory and so be less very much for granted. I would

know that my life was now my weighted by personal problems. never think for one moment that

us could part death but anything wife's; hers, that mine; and my I expect to share would in some

temporarily. I would only and death hers could plans were that she and I tasks, of the provided household together belonging us as think of bring fruition; help to that them the wife though my had my time—even kind of the of building eternally and disappointments hers that were and I outside did not our home. work everlastto live in wanted life we help she could minimize them. I in that love be would so much

If I were a young husband, I would enjoy being with my wife in ingly.

would be loyal to my wife. I would work as well as play, and I would I would live simply but beautifulnever discuss with anyone the things want to free her for other activities ly. If something close to austerity

that belonged to us alone, and I we might share. I would try to get were necessary, I would see that

would know that she would show her to help me, even in austerity, there were eletoo—gardening, me the same loyalty. I would never painting, carpentering—whatever ments of the beautiful and the gra112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

.:

cious. I would make memorable fflMFWSftjWfr.,.'">..,?%:,

occasions.tions—anniversaryI would traditions,build up tradifami-

ly traditions, Christmas traditions. IMAGINE.. I would build up a circle of friends

—not always my same age, nor always in my same circumstances

but always stimulating, encouraging,and faithful to the ideals by which ageHuinc we lived. And I would find many

things we could do with thesefriends. LESTER I would not be a "fair weather"MsyKoss Spinet

husband. I would pray that illness,

adversity, or other difficulty would find me steady. I would rememberthat affection grows with its expresin your komc.

sion. I would keep sensitive to my

wife's beauty, whether of character, mind, heart, form, or face. And I

would let her know that I felt it.

I would want to keep on studying, and I would try to develop interest in the things we could study together. I would try to think through

the popular notions of the day politically and economically—and

test them by the principles of life which I had accepted and thus hope to stay clear of fallacious and unsound doctrines.

I would become vitally interested in government, municipal affairs, and school affairs. I would consider that Truly beautiful in appearance rr. comvoting was a neverto-beslighted pact in size... the Betsy Ross Spinet has

responsibility and persuade by wife been styled to grace the smartest rooms.

to feel likewise. I would never inHear its rich tone... try its responsive

sist that she vote for my candidates action... inspect its quality construction

I votingsimply because was for,,. you'll one want for your family. Mod-

I talk to over butthem, would want. erately priced.. guaranteed forten years. get ideas acquainted withour and

issues and with persons so that we politically, asacted, a pair.

like that to feelnot we canceled I would EASY BUDGET TERMS AVAILABLE!

each other's votes. In fact, I would

like to avoid in every possible situation of life, the danger—innate in cannot come into the storethe blessings of free agency—of just you

write for an illustrated catalog. efforts the of thosecanceling out \'fii I that considerdearest to us. would

one of the great goals of our mar- \ Name riage should be the strengthening of \ Address.

all of our efforts, through unity.

And let me end, by what may seem the most obvious, but is cerFIRST OF ALLRELIABILITY tainly the most vital, suggestion of all—If I were a young husband, I would keep myself solely for mybride. I would be morally clean, 4547 a lines

virtuous, chaste. And I would thank

my Father in heaven for this solid MAIN rock upon which to build my marriage. SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

FEBRUARY 1948 113

SEEK YE FIRST

{Concluded from page 87) earth, so that kings hearing of her good and praiseworthy in morals, work first and that he would be glad fame, will come and gaze upon her religion, science, or anything calto do his best. A few weeks later glory. God is not niggardly in his culated to exalt and ennoble men,

the branch! was organized into a feelings towards us. He would as we are after it. But with all our

ward, and he was ordained a bishsoon we all lived in palaces as not. getting we want to get understandop. Three or four years passed, and But he wants us to observe his laws ing—that understanding which

one day after a stake leadership and fear him, and standing as mesflows only from God.

meeting in Washington, D.C., he sengers to go forth to the nations Therefore let us recall again and

sought an interview with the stake clothed upon with the power of the seriously ponder the words of the president, and asked the stake presipriesthood; seeking "first the kingLord when he said:

dent if he remembered what was dom of God, and his righteousness,"of Seek ye first the kingdom and his God, bishasaid he was ordained when will and us all the add unto God shall all these righteousness; things be and reop. president stake not could The all silver, gold the and academic unto you. added

member the details so the young man knowledge and power, yes, all the said, "I was promised if I would put worldly possessions that may be My only prayer is that we as my Church work first I would excel good for us to receive. This being members of the only true Church of

in both school and church, and that the case, we ought to foster educaChrist will not forget him—that we

the Lord would richly bless me, even tion and intelligence of every kind; as God's chosen people will always

beyond my own power. It seemed cultivate literary tastes, and men of put his work first so that we may

to me at the time almost impossible literary and scientific talent should reap the material and spiritual blessof realization. Yesterday, I received improve that talent; and all should ings which he has promised us.

notice from the graduation commitmagnify the gifts which God has And I ask this prayer humbly in tee at Johns Hopkins University that given unto them. If there is anything the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

I would not only be graduated, but also that I would be graduated with honors and that I had been elected THE PRESIDING BISHOPRICS PAGEpresident of my honorary fraternity {Concluded 105) page from Christ Saints that of Latterday Jesus invited in addition to serveand my the hold priesthood Those have who they teach Heavenly how me my is mater,internship which alma at my right for the act to to the help and Lord Father to live to wants be happy me student."of medical everythe desire his build earth. the up Church upon successful. and

And then he added that he knew At the age of twelve, every worthy One of the great lessons I have that his accomplishments had exboy in the Church, who attends to his learned at home and at Church is to ceeded his own power and that only duties, may be ordained a deacon. He pray. A Latterday Saint boy is taught

through help of the Lord was he then receives authority to do certain to pray humbly and sincerely. He takes

able to attain what he did. things. As he grows older, he is orpart in family prayers, in asking the

offices, rights to the other and blessings his secret Lord's the food; on Dr. student,"says A. dained John "The

inconferred and powers him upon prayers neglected. are not Sometimes will place day,Widtsoe, "who every crease. special hears sick the prayers he when will the Lord, his before need who

I to. that thankful gives the are administered Church been have I am

spend say ten minutes in gospel the boys so many opportunities to blessed many times by the power of study, and conform to gospel rework and serve, for we are taught to the Holy Priesthood and through quirements, will find his faith grow work together, worship together, and faith. The priesthood gives certain men

as he increases in secular knowlplay together. The Church also trains in the Church the authority to marry

edge."us to be leaders. We are taught to be our fathers and mothers so that they

honest, truthful, and obedient. will remain married even after they

I am thankful I have good parents are dead, and we will remain their

J ET us always remember that this and that I am being reared in a home children forever. You see, the power

Church is the greatest church on where the commandments of the Lord of the priesthood is greater than anyearth and that you and I have the are taught and respected. It is because thing on earth, for its powers extend

honor of belonging to it; and we will my parents belong to the Church of beyond this earth.

surely see the day, as the prophets have foretold, when Zion will be as far ahead of the outside world in COOK'S CORNER everything pertaining to learning of ( Concluded from page 99 Red Pudding or Rob Roy every kind as we are today in regard Liverburgers {A Danish Dessert) to religious matters. "We are,"in YiYi poundpound groundground porkbeef liver Onehalf quart juice from serviceberries,

the words of President John Taylor, 1 teaspoon salt wild currants or chokecherries, sweeten to teaspoon pepper in the of Y notorious eyes "becoming taste. Bring to a boil, thicken with a paste

1 chili tablespoon sauce is time not far the nations. And the flour of water, of put in and a pinch grated tablespoons 2 onion made

distant when the kings of the earth 4 tablespoons flour salt. Stir until thick and smooth. Serve with

fat 2 tablespoons to elders to our will to come be glad cream and sugar. If served cold, mold in

liver, beef, seasonings, Combine and flour, to of their help out them ask counsel thoroughly. into cups. mix paper make On wax

difficulties."patties Y2 mch thick. Fry in hot fat in (This is a typical pioneer dessert, later

the juices from plums, sour cherries, or berYes, God expects Zion to become heavyServefryingon toastedpan untilbunbrown.halves; pour hot

the praise and glory of the whole vegetable soup over the top. ries were used.)

114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE CHURCH MOVES ON

(Continued from page 68) ray Stewart, J. Le Roy Linton, Bryant floor of the east end of the Salt Lake

S. Hinckley, Willard R. Smith, Frank Tabernacle, as work got under way on

L.D.S. Film Council M. Openshaw,'Mary Grant Judd, N. remodeling the worldfamed organ on

An L.D.S. film council has been creBlaine Winters, Lynn McKinlay, GayTemple Square.

ated to help wards select the molen S. Young, J. Holman Waters, The eighthundred pipe organ will

tion pictures used for entertainment Emily H. Bennett, George W. Ashton, be used as a practice organ for the Salt

and educational purposes throughout and Wayne F. Richards. Lake Tabernacle organists. The echo

the Church. Motion picture releasing organ was installed in the Tabernacle

agencies have offered their support to Los Angeles Temple as the organ was being remodeled durthe committee in making available the A favorable zoning decision by the ing 1915. A new one will be installed

motion pictures best suited for ward city of Los Angeles has been rein this remodeling.

showings. ceived by the Church concerning the

The committee is also producing property that the Church desires to several sixteen millimeter films which build a temple on in Los Angeles. North Sanpete Hospital

will be available through the Deseret President George Albert Smith said /Construction of the North SanpeteBook Store Film Library. They include that receipt of this word removed a L.D.S.Hospital at Mount Pleasant,

such subjects as basketball, homemakmajor barrier to the construction of the Utah, has been approved by the ing, music, art teaching, and the "This edifice. Definite plans will be anChurch expenditures committee. The

These Is Monument. films nounced at a later date. Place"the construction of the completely modern,

track. have a sound in color and are

Committee members of the film counTabernacle Organ one story structure is expected to get cil include: A. Hamer Reiser, chairHPhe echo or "celestial'organ was underway this spring.

man; William E. Stoker, Robert Murmoved from its place beneath the {Concluded on page 116)

Lois Bishof, Lon M. Thompson, W. S. Wilding, Ellis, Barwick, Max S. Ellis, H. James Ivy H. John Empey, MISSIONARY HOME THE ENTERING MISSIONARIES S. Simons. Jay Corbridge, K. Corbridge, Dale Jenson, Balls, N. Violet Genevieve Pascoe, Carol 19 NOVEMBER 10, DEPARTING AND NOVEMBER S. Winton, K. Keith row: Donald Thirteenth Jensen. Jensen, Henry Caroline Wintch, Helen

K. Boede, Tru- P. Fred Knapp, Kenneth Darrell Thompson, E. Dixon, L. Dixon, Ora Riley row: Seventh first K. David row: right, to left from Reading J. Bird, Wilding, Rex Fisher, Dean Adren R. Boice Kohler, man Dale Albert LeRoy Richards, Ralph Jewel C. Young, Vernon Ashby, H. Merrill McNeill, Wilkes. Lloyd, Charles W. Jones, Charles David Bennett, Jonathan Seely, Joseph Boyd Brown, P. Mc- G. Kunz, Wayne Thomas Christensen, H. B. Robinson, Willis A. James row: Fourteenth Buckner, Taylor Scott, Glen L. Bernon Dredge, D. Paul J. Cummings, Richard L. Bowden, Vernal Daniel, L. Hill, John Vernon Fotsom, A. Steele, W. Wilson C. Bowman. Richard Williams, Merrill Max Devirl Nixon Price, T. Harrison Christiansen, R. Wagstaff, B. Richeys, Ronald Voit Lyman Wallace, Francis Alan Dale Marcum, row: Thomas Eighth S. Robertson. Stewart, Don Nielsen. Reece Salvesen, J. Tobler, Jex Wahlquist, P. Harmon Charles Sperry, E. Payne, Calvin Smith, B. H. Harry row: Second Bodily, R. E. LudHerbert row: Fifteenth Verdean Larsen, Ardean Gordon Merrell, W. Almo Evan J. Price, Fred Black, L. Virgil Campbell, D. Wayno R. Paulson, H. Faust, F. William Brooks wig, L. Rex E. Wheeler, Herman Olson, Kirt John M. Watts, Phyllis AnColeman, director; Enid B. Colton, Don Collier, Davis, B. Palmer Ronald Martini, Donald Elman White, R. Hiram H. Melrose Putman, Green, Beverly Hammond, Biesinger, Chloe A. Bruce derson, Felt, Woodbury. Douglas Tracy, Milan L. Helquist. Roundy. Golda Wells, Linn Shumway, N. M. Sixteenth Hugh row: G. James Duke, John Foote, row: W. Devon Ninth Gardner, Olson, Thomas Yeates Cleon row: Third J. Ernest Gilbert, H. M. W. Rockwood, C. LaVar Smith, Kenneth Koplin, D. John Richard Bean, N. M. BanPay, H. L. Samuel Donald Davidson, E. Clyde Stoddard, R. Gerald Hendrickson, Jones, Ken Leo Black, Glenn K. Burns Halladay, Carl L. Williams, W. Fullmer, V. Ruth C. Cook, Mabel ner, Oldham, Mabel Putman. D. Ralph Larsen, G. Bisch D. Byington, Ashcraft, B. Murry Sandberg, Josephine Whittaker, Tyler, Ross Lyle

'Jr., T. Barclay, row: Michael George Seventeenth J. Crouch. I.Morris Sandberg, Woodard Porter. Edith Christiansen. Choules, John J. W. Austin, Jaussi, Hyrum Lynn row: August Tenth Crowther, Jesse Wilkins, R. George row: Fourth Albert Parry, George row: D. Robert Eighteenth Norris Clark, J. Wilford Palmer, W. Spencer Ward, Nephi Hendrickson, L. Edna F. Hendrickson, Arthur Ardell Smith, G. Page, Rudger Grant Melvin Noorda, L. Bates, Steven Ripplinger, Anderson, D. Weston Alice McDonald, Christensen, L. Laura Christensen,

F. Evan Ethington, King, V. Noble Jeppsen, Reed N. Foster. D. Jay Moore, T. Dan Gold, Howard Stanley Baugh, M. Ruth O. Craycroft. Justice Barton, H. William Rodolfo L. Nelson, Francis row: Eleventh Brown. Robert McKay Goodson, Dale William Ralph Salde, Marvin Curtis Lavar Balcony: East E. Herbert Spackman, C. Lind, Rulon Rex Mortensen, Albert 6. Miles, Jenkins, E. Dale row: Fifth Don Nelson, Josephson, Kwenden Vee C. Ashby, Dale Peter- G. Claudius Jr., DeBoer, H. Robert Andersen, Eliza L. V. Kerr, M. Crosby, Carrie Dan Crosby, W. Seely. M. G. Edwin Esplin, I. Johnson, V. John Dalyle Nash, Brent sen, HanArlene Weeks, Balls, LaWane Margaret Kerr, ZolWarburton, L. LoMar Richard Balcony: West Allen, Mower. Cleston John O. F. Warren Pendleton, E. L. Eleanor Olsen, sen, Robert J. J. William Child, Derral Badger, M. linger, George Bitton, K. Dean Goldthorpe, Fred row: Twelfth Pendleton. Smith. G. Paul Woodward, Milton Thorup, E. William Christensen, W. William Deltha Ira Empey, Griggs, Alfred Ray row: Sixth

ORIGINAL WORDS OF THE ROOK OF MORMON (Concluded from page 86) Wilderness of: { 1 ) *Akish and have debated whether he did or did

phite ship builder; Rabbanah, a title; Hermounts. not experience certain of his claimed

and Satiah, Lehi's -wife. Valley of: (1), *Corihor and spiritual manifestations. But the

PLACES Shurr. Book of Mormon and all that it conCity of: (12), Amonihah, AntiMiscellaneous: (3), Irreantum, tains, including these words, is not

parah, Cumeni, Gadiandi, Gadiomocean of; Jershon, region of; *La a debatable premise, or an intellecnah, Gimgimno, Jacobugath, Jashon, man, river of; and AniAnti, a Latual concept; it is a tangible book.

*Kishkumen, *Laman, *Manti, Momanite village. And here are the words for everycum, *Morianton, *Moroni, *Morone to see!

onihah, *Mulek, *Nehor, *Nephi, MISCELLANEOUS If he did not translate these *Nephihah, *Omner, Onihah, SherMeasurements of Gold: (6), anwords in the manner in which he

rizah, Shimnilon, *Teancum, *Zaration, limnah, senine, seon, shublons, said he did, then another satisfachernia, and *Zeezoram. and shum. tory explanation must be advanced.

Land of: (8), *Ammonihah, Measurements of Silver: (3), For nearly fourteen decades writers

* Antionum, *Amulon, Antum, *Coezrom, onti, and senum. unfriendly to the Prophet have atrihor, *Jashon, *Manti,Melek,Midat least solutions to eleven Measurements: ( 1 ), * shiblon and tempted

doni, Minon, Moriancumer, * Morishiblum. forth of the the coming Book of

anton, Moriantum, *Moroni, *MuAnimals: (2), cumon and careMormon, other than the one given

lek, *Nehor, *Nephi, *Nephihah, lom. by him. Their changing explanaShemlon, Siron, and *Zara/tem/a. Food, seeds of: (2), neas and tions have not stood the discerning

Place of: (6), Ablom, Nahom, sheum. scrutiny of historical evidence and

Ogath, Onidah, Shazer, and Sidom. Miscellaneous: (5), cimeter, a research. These critics in the tower

Hill of: (4), Amnihu, Comnor, weapon; deseret, a honey bee; liahave yet to agree among themselves

Cumorah, *Manti, * Onidah, and hona, a kind of compass; *Nephi, on an explanation of the book."

Riplah. plates (record) of; Rameumptom, The original words in the Book of

Plains of: (2), Agosh, Heshlon, place of, in the synagogue; and ziff, Mormon help prove that Joseph

and *Nephihah. a metal. Smith translated the record the way

Mount of: (2), Shelem and One of the impressive features of he said he did, from ancient plates

Zerzn. the Book of Mormon is this imposby the gift and power of divine aid!

Waters of: (2), Ripliancum and ing list of words new to the lanSebus. guage. Some of Joseph Smith's critics in 18FrancisAmerica, W.chap.Kirkham.14, 1947A NeweditionWitness for Christ

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

F. Fifth row: Layton, Maythel Marley Williams, E. FackLeFevre, David Osborne Lynn Kenneth Wayne (Concluded page 115) from

Frederick H. Dellenbach, Lester Henderson, Western. Hatch, HaroldMISSIONARIES MISSIONARY ENTERING THE HOME R. Litchfield, Butler, Dell Jay Clarence Dowdle, Heaton, Maurice row: K. James Tenth JackS. W. I, DECEMBER DECEMBER AND DEPARTING R. 10 Grantrell,Lloyd Jr., Ethington, Leavitt, J. Hadley, C. Thomas Clark, M. Vance A. Joseph Ricks, MerFrank

Reading from left to right, first row: Mrs. John Milner. vin R. Brown, Roland C. Schramm, Carl W. Cook,

Adams, Minnie Warwood, Grace Adams, Afton Sixth row: Kay B. Smith, Arthur J. Kocherhans, Jack Raynal Pearson, Norman T. Baker, Leland 0.

Cheney, Don B. Colton, director; Thomas Pettersson, LaMar Spencer Brown, Wendell Edstrom, William Anderson.

Everal Dawn Harris, Donna W. Nielsen, Caroline L. Grant Webster, Paul Thomas Mabey, H. Ralph Keller, Eleventh row: Neil Wahlen Wirick, Richard Penrod

Beardshall. Keith K. Crane, Karl G. Benson, George J. Stahle, Glazier, Don Stanley, John O. Whitaker, Byron E.

Ferrell, L. Little. Jay Gerald Lowell G. Arthur Chadwick, SorenHunsaker, Duane

R. Chesley, Deola Sainsbury, H. Jorow: Second J. Jones, T. sen, Evans. Mackay, Boyd Rulon Rex Max Seventh Verl row: A. Alva G. Young, King, KenElizabeth E. Sainsbury,sephine Anderson, Elam H. Taylor, Shelton, K. E. row: C. Twelfth Robert Curtis, neth E. Heslop, Rex LeRoyden Peck, Kenneth E. Zella Smith, Elaine A.Anderson, Hawkins, Herman Jr., B. C. Anastasiou, William Hesterman, Andre Cortland Kunzler, Oleson, Kelly, Grant Brinton C.Reisner, Lee, Lloyd Emily Hubbard. Elliott L. Fairbanks, A. Anderson, David Warren W. J. Brice Hallows, Bastion, J. Burke Vernal Verl row: H. Third Thomock, Henry A. BradWayne Ballif, R. Dinsdale, Barnes, Junior David Frank Hugh Bastion.

Jr., H.shaw, Thomas Chambers, Kenneth Edwin Hamp- L. Joseph Craven, Sandberg, C. John G. Clawson.

J. row: Eighth L. Hair, Coleman, Reed Staheli, Halton, Kay Ricks, Milton Jay George Lindsay Roy Thirteenth row: Jenkins, Douglas H. Theodore

L. Sharp, Sharp, L. Barrett, Ashby Dale Roy Hugh E. LeavittFlanery, Rogers, Smith, Ben David David Jr., Furnell, William Emery R. McKean, James McCall, E. B. Finlinson, Arnold Maughan,T. John Beardshall. ReeceH. Farlane, R. Charles Pope, Madsen, O. George Evan Anderson, B. Jones, Knowlton Belnap, L. Edward Boyd Patterson, row: Lloyd Fourth E. Hall, Theron Hunter, G. Barber, A. Glenn Hamilton. Joseph V. Kunzler. Floyd William T. B.Lloyd Schofield, Anderson, Lyle Lundell, C. Bob L. L. row: Fourteenth Bernard Clawson, Wayne

Theodore Bateman, Wilson, Robert W. Wendell W. row: L. R. Grigg, Ninth J. Lawrence Jack Prows, Hansen, Johnson, Bench, Howard ValdeArdean W.

E. E.Gardner, William Schindler, Clyde Brown, EuPetersen, N. Richard T. Fred Hurst, Heath, Christensen, Lawrence C. mar R. Delmar Jamison, Leon Doney

gene M. Larsen, Kenneth D. Allen. Meade Coleman. LaMar Virgin, Dean E. Anderson, Woodward, Alma Peterson.

: ww

SmIM mm f EMM1

:w NoIiquor-Tobacco Column

(Concluded from page 103) of Internal Revenue, in the twelve months of July 1, 1945, to June 30, 1946, the beermakers and the whiskymakers used 3,596,467 tons (a total of 7,192,934,403 pounds) of grains and other food products in the making of 2,680,000,000 gallons of beer and distilled spirits. Of this nearly

4,000,000 tons of food products diverted from the food market by the liquor makers in this twelvemonth period, no less than 3,317,744 tons consisted of grains, including barley, corn, rice, wheat, and sorghum products. $5.00 for Thrifty Ideas! of Tea Garden Cane! and Maple Syrup that

The brewers alone, the same figures The pure rich quality of Tea Garden delicamakes them so good show, used no less than 3,508,103,694 cies makes them morethan-ever desirable in pounds of barley, corn, rice, wheat, sorthese days of careful food buying. We pay Tea Garden Rocks

recipe, 2 flour sifted $5.00 allpurpose any here, cups for printed which grain products in the fiscal year and ghum, 1 teaspoon baking soda shoivs a thrifty Tea use for products. Garden 30, 1946. doubleaction teaspoon ending June baking powder

favorite, Send your dealer's with your salt name, 11 teaspoon to Tea teaspoon cloves Garden Products Company, San Fran- 1 Vzteaspoon cinnamon 11. The brief layoff of the distilleries in cisco teaspoon nutmeg V2 shortening cup i fall late helpful the to the 1947 of was cup sugar V2 Wait till the family tastes this one! deep The it 1 situation, egg conshould but food be

full flavor of Tea Garden Grape Juice makes sour milk cup % for, accordtinued well might be and it cup delicious Tea Garden and Cane Maple Syrup beyond words. cream (Whipped %

1 seedless raisins cup is supplies there if are reports, ing to ample optional you're a budget.) on winThe cup broken walnut meats Vz

ner: Mrs. V. R. Elmendorf, Puyallup, Washall in liquor legitimate to stock of meet Sift flour, sift and measure again with

ington. salt, soda, baking spices. powder, Cream is eswill agree that needs. All food shortening with sugar. egg; cream Add

sential to human life, but alcoholic again. Add sour milk and syrup. Add dry

beverages are not. Tea Garden Grape Trifle ingredients.til just mixed.AddDropraisinsfromandteaspoonnuts. Stirontounslices 6 About unfrosted cookie sheet. cake, greased Bake in moderate

stale or fresh (375 F.) oven 10 to 12 minutes. In case, potatoes, not use Makes any why

about rocks. 3 dozen pint 1 Tea Garden Grape is for About supply, there of a plentiful which milk 2 cups 3 eggs % Juicecup sugar

salt teaspoon 1 instead of alcoholmaking vanilla teaspoon wheat and % Tea Whip Garden's thrifty Jelly Fruit Mixed * conditions, presentcorn? would Under into mayonnaise salads. for fruit your Adds

1 cup heavy 1 cream teaspoon vanilla color, this flavor, that interest. not a requirement be done be new again, Here Tea

3 tablespoons sugar prides itself Garden the quality on fruit and justified?amply

slices Place in cake dish, serving enough this sugar pure in used jelly. popular Have for juice grape Pour until over cake is alibi tried for it? crime, it you no Drunkenness will 6.absorb more. no Let stand 10 minutes.

declared a Massachusetts superior boilerMeanwhile,and heat.placeBeatmilkeggs,in topstir ofin doublesugar

salt. jury. in Here's a and defendpink-cloud court charge a to a hot slowly. milk Add fruit meringue for pies, Return to A

boiler, double eook hot over water (not tarts desserts, or in sent Mrs. Sylvia by Harttesti- trial for murder. ant on was He boiling) until custard coats spoon, about zell, Luis San Obispo. Tea Garden CurRed 8 minutes, constantly. vaAdd fied heavily that drinking been he had nilla; cool. rant cold, Jelly cheaper last stirringWhen its is much pour than over cake. year;

Chill. Serve recollection crime. of the topped with had whippedand no cream it richness deep gives a heavenly color. which sugar vanilla and have been said: to his Pinanski charge,In Judge added. (Or serve milk.) with top

"Voluntary intoxication is never an Tea Garden Pink Meringue whites for crime."or palliationexcuse The Checking back, you'll that Tea find Garden 2 About2 egg tablespoons Tea Garden the prisoner.jury convicted The Jelly Currant verjams and preserves Red less cost (by per- a good

whites until egg centage) verydict carried mandatory capital senAdd jelly than last year! And they're wonderWhipa tea spoonful at a time, whippingstiff. conful food stretchers!tence. stantly. Pile top of on pie immediately,

Bakemakingin suremoderateto touchoventhe crust(350allF.)around.until

If you enjoy the unusual, try this new broiljust done.

ing method for veal. "My family hasn't

stopped raving about it,"says Mrs. R. W.

Evidences and Reconciliations Tuve,recipeKennewick,along with Washington,her praises ofwhofullflavored,sends the TEA GARDEN PRODUCTS CO.

pure Tea Garden Orange Marmalade.

(Concluded from page 97) salvation without promising to comTea Garden Glazed Veal ply with its requirements will result onDip bothveal steakssides inuntilmelteddelicatelyfat and browned.pan broil

in something worse than ignorance. denSpreadOrangeone sideMarmalade;with economicalreturn toTeabroiler.GarThe world moves forward by the Broil until marmalade is hot and bubbly.

salt meat, Turn and pepper generously,efforts of covenanted spread with marmalade. until Heat bubpeople—who bly. at Serve once. their covenants.keep

tip: Menu Extra with good scalloped potatoes, broccoli with sour cream sauce, So, point of from the whether combination salad, hot biscuits!

view of obedience to the Lord's command, or of logical necessity, or of giving life to human knowledge Miss A. Scholcker of San Francisco wins

for the good of mankind, ordinances $5.00cookie andrecipe.our"It'spraisethe realfor herdowneasttasty flavor1egg

are necessary and desirable.

—/. A W. PRESERVES JELLIES TABLE SYRUPS GRAPE JUICE MARASCHINO CHERRIES

FEBRUARY 1948 117 THE OID SPANISH TRAIL

[Continued [com page 89) Nineteen men, including Captain tain Meadows, Captain Smith of the via Clear Creek. At the mouth of Hunt, were chosen for this enterpack train, produced a trail map

Salina Canyon a trail branched to prise and blessed. They arrived at showing a route almost due west,

the north intersecting the trail to Chico ranch after fortyfive days on and in an effort to turn the entire

Fort Hall near the present Levan. the trail, exhausted, but were treated train into the cutoff"stated that it

The Salina trail had branches to hospitably and generously by the would get them to the gold fields in

Round Valley and Sanpete Valley. owner, Colonel Williams. They retwenty days.

restranch five at the mained weeks detours throughThe Utah's Dixie Captain something SoloHunt was of a ing for preparing the return up andby Creek of Ash way Canyon, and I in all his decision: mon "You know was

trip. 15, they 1848, February On trailsFremont's Pass if hired to were used of go Angeles, but Los by way

especially in the wintertime. started for Salt Lake City with about you all wish to go and follow Smith, I will

also; if but decides go to even one for they wagon which hundred two cows important most The branch went the original feel route, I shall to go bound six dollars paid Williams Colonelnorth by of Taos, Mexico, way New that with go that wagon!"Amplifying apiece, animals pack and a few and thefollowed at earnest the statement solicitation of and Uncompahgre

Gunnison rivers to the Colorado mares and forty bulls which were doubtful emigrants, he said he really knew which it crossed, entering the Uintah given to them. All but one of the no more than others about this particular

if route, but very thirst, he white bulls doubted of much a died about one and along theBasin Its River. obWhite

it; ever over went did not and that he man also perished. hundred cows Ocjective was tradRubidoux's noted it all at consider safe for those had who casionally, Indians sneak up woulding post their in as children wives and Fort at take the known to Uintah company

junction of the Green and Uintah close enough to kill an animal. They the unknown road.8

rivers. From Fort Uintah a trail arrived in Salt Lake City, May 1848.

went east to the outposts on the Captain Hunt did not return until Notwithstanding Captain Hunt's upper Platte; one to Fort Bridger; fall, when he and other discharged warning, one hundred wagons

the one to the west followed Father soldiers of the Mormon Battalion turned off the Old Spanish Trail.

Escalante's trail to Utah Lake. brought the first wagon over the The seceders* enthusiasm for the

From Fort Uintah it is probable SpanishMormon Trail. cutoff cooled as they were held up

there was also a trail to the Salt Lake N the fall of 1849, several com- (in a snowstorm) by a precipitous forlorn emigrant, travelValley by way of Daniel's, Parley's, I panies of gold seekers arrived in canyon. A

and Emigration canyons. the Salt Lake Valley too late to go to ing alone for his health in a wagon,

It is not probable that the picCalifornia via the Donner Pass. The died here and was buried among the

turesque Spanish carts were ever gold seekers were impatient to be on rocks. All but twentyseven wagons

drawn over the Old Spanish Trail the way. Captain Hunt came to their turned back and rejoined Captain

except near Santa Fe and San Gaaid. The leaders of the gold seekers, Hunt. The forty men, women, and

briel. It is believed that wagon tracks banding themselves with others of children of this party of twentywere not made on the trail until after common purpose to the total of about seven wagons suffered terribly. The

the advent of the Mormon pioneers five hundred persons, with one hunoxen became weak and emaciated.

in the basin of the Great Salt Lake. dred and seven or more wagons and Christmas Day found these gold

Now a wagon trail called the bands of cattle, horses, and mules, seekers in a deep desolate valley

SpanishMormon Trail was estabarranged with Captain Hunt at ten which became known as Death Vallished from Salt Lake City to Los dollars a wagon to pilot them to San ley. Wagons were abandoned, women and children riding the oxen.Angeles, that part of the Old SpanGabriel, over the SpanishMormon Twenty men perished from hunger,ish Trail in southwestern Utah, Trail. Once at Los Angeles they

Nevada, and California, becoming a could proceed to the diggings withthirst, and heat. In great distress

part of the new route, on which out fear of mountain snows. the survivors reached a Spanish settlement aid possible every where wheels crashed rocks overwagon left City Salt Lake They given them. at interwas desert sands for plowed theand first vals during October, assembled and After enduring hardships, manytime in 1848. in southern County. Utah the party reached Angeles Los Hunt

An agreement was signed by all parties with no loss of human life.

/aptain Jefferson Hunt of concerned under the general name of the rigid under Sand Company, Walking many Battalion, few and a the Mormon 18, 1849, a KTovember Mormon pilot. rules, as general with Captain Huntcompanions reached City Salt Lake left party led Egan, by Howard principal spokesman, sug- L. Granger, who

from San Diego, California, by pack gested the name, halffacetiously, little Fort Utah (Provo) for southern train in September 1 847. These were dreamed the humor intended would turn California. Its fortynine members

the first Mormons to use the southinto such a tragedy as followed. The hisfollowed Hunt's road. Egan kept a

this train, especially of emigrant tory more desert route, thewest Old Spanish of the distances, detailed account of with portion to rank destined it, was aTrail. 1847, at the In November watering suitable places, feed and of point in casualthat of the Party Donner

suggestion of Captain Hunt, an exties. Those who survived the crossing of campgrounds, numbering from one

pedition was organized in Salt Lake the worst of all western deserts gave that to eightynine from Fort Utah to

City to go to California to purplace its name, "Death Valley,"which it California. His journal was pubchase cows, mules, mares, wheat, bears today.* lished and made available for a fuseeds of all kinds, potatoes, every Near the upper end of the Mounture traveler's guide.

kind of roots, and grape cuttings. S J. Cecil Alter, Salt Lake Telegram, "Beginnings"ibid.

118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Captain Hunt's success in piloting a large company by way of the SpanishMormon Trail, demonstrated that it was a feasible wagon ELECTRICAL GIFTS route the year round, whereas the northern route was blocked with snow three or four months in the Are Sure To Please!

year. Brigham Young was quick to

see the advantages of such a route A Few Suggestions:for he was planning a Mormon empire comprising the intermountain WAFFLE IRONS

region with a seacoast on the Pacific RADIOS

Ocean from San Pedro to San CERTIFIED LAMPS

Diego, to be known as the state of

Deseret. A chain of settlements TOASTERS

from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles IRONS sprang up with remarkable rapidity. BLANKETS OR COMFORTERS

Fort Utah was the first of these settlements. Parowan was colonized See Them In Dealers'Stores

January 1851. A large company

settled at San Bernardino, California, the same year. Brigham Youngwas blocked in his plan to include UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

southern California in his proposed empire, but the new wagon route became an important highway for emigrants and freighters, and eventually an important link in a national MM AU MUft CROPS PAYhighway.

Thus at an early date the trails were in the process of becoming thehighways and minor roads of today, SPRAY THE IRON AGE WAY for the topography forced the trails then as it does the roads now, through the canyons, along the streams and around the lakes. Railroads follow the highways in places.

Travelers on the airways from the

City of Saints to the City of Angels, behold the mountains and deserts little thinktrails passed,over Iron which Age Distributor-. Here's why you get more coverage at STATES IMPLEMENT CO. I MOUNTAIN ladening of the caravans of mules

with goods for Indians, of the tradlower cost with IRON AGE SPRAYERS Ogden, Utah ers and trappers known as "mounListen to what users say about spraying the Iron Age way: "Sprayed over 155

tain men"who were far from civilizaacres the full season without putting a wrench tion but who returned with furs to my pump"... "Iron Age saves me

money because I never have any pump and pelts which would find a market trouble."Iron Age builds sprayers in sizes and

for capacities grower's to every meet demand in in foreign counthe East—even coverage delivers that a machine maximum YORK, PA. tries, the or caravans of the other on Iron with low upkeep. Age famous The Pump

still high pressures needed, and blankets with to California and maintains TRANSPLANTERS PLANTERSway VEGETABLE AND POTATO after without takes season season a beating WEEDERS DIGGERS POTATO DUSTERS SPRAYERS to trade for horses, dry goods some breakdowns. A. Write for information B. to MACHINERY SPECIAL JUICE PRESSES CONVEYORS

of which were marketed as far east Farquhar Co., 3408-F Duke St., York, Pa.

as Kentucky.

James Bridger, John C. Fremont,

Jedediah S. Smith, Kit Carson, Father De Smet, Father Escalante,.. Father Dominguez, Dr. Marcus IN USE for OVER FIFTY YEARS we ofmt

Whitman, and A. L. Lovejoy traAids in treatment of Canker, simple A COMPLETE

SERVICE throat sore and other minor mouth ENGRAVING trails left these records versed and

Portraits to the Largest Missionary From irritations. and throat Catalogues of the high idea us which give some

courage, reckless daring, tragedy, Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

CO. ENGRAVING UTAH

St. Utah Salt Lake City, and romance of a period in our hisHALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah 113 Regent

tory which is forever closed.

FEBRUARY 1948 119 Melchizedek Priesthood THE NAVAJO... fflS PREDICAMENT

{Concluded from page 102) {Continued from page 78) children. What a tremendous price

2. What is the relationship of a bishsixteen years, to attend school: and it is to pay for schooling! They were to

for the the of agent hereby duty made liberty,opric give freedom, to ward members holding the and up their this stipulation said see that Indians to Priesthood?Holy of happiness, pursuit is the abandon strictly with; the United complied and

3. V/hat is the purpose of a bishop's States agrees that for every thirty children their forests and rivers with their

certifying to the worthiness of a man between said ages who can be induced or fish and game, give up their limitless holding the Melchizedek Priesthood? compelled to attend school, a house shall grazing and agricultural lands, and

4. In what realms does the bishop be provided, and a teacher competent to be "imprisoned"(as they say) in

of teach branches Engan the elementaryhave jurisdiction? the reservation wasteland, and all

... lish furnished. education shall be

5. Are bishops supposed to furnish Article IX reads in part: In considerathis for a few inconsequential beneupon request by quorum presidents a tion of the advantages and benefits confits plus schools for their children..

statement of the amounts of tithing paid ferred by this treaty, and the many pledges Perhaps the price, though a by quorum members living in their of friendship by the United States, the profiteering one, still might not have wards? this parties tribes are agreement to who to high too the been Navajos, had relinquish will stipulate that they of the bishopric exhereby 6. Are members first parties the part of the been true all territory outside right to any occupy from high priests'cused the monthly

. to their.. promises. parties "of defined. The this herein reservation, as meeting?quorum

7. Also, are bishoprics supposed to the other part,"the natives, in the

attend the weekly high priests'group All the Southwest territory was main, have fulfilled their part of the meetings? originally Indian land—it had agreement; they have relinquished

8. Why do we have auxiliary organbeen wrested from the Mexican all rights, claims, title, and interest

izations in the Church? government during the Mexican in their native land, their own land,

9. What are the two chief purposes War, but no price had been paid and virtually become prisoners of

of priesthood quorums? the Indians, the original and current war in giving up their sacred liberty.

10. List and discuss the threefold owners. They had now been Nearly eighty years have come

restingduty on the Church in relation crowded off their own rich and proand gone, and one of the parties, activities. allto quorum

11. Discuss the four primary objecductive lands on to a reservation. the government, has not yet paid thetives of priesthood quorums. And the price to be paid to them price agreed upon—in 1948 there

12. What are the obligations that for all their other country, title to are approximately nineteen thourest upon every man who accepts the which they must now relinquish, sand children without schools, still

priesthood? was a school and a teacher for their hoping. And the Indian asks why?

a IT SHOULDN'T HAPPEN TO A DOG!

6eep coo/tv/Y6 a Tfyne wi Yes, there's a better way to beat the heat during "dog days". Get a

PAYNE COOLERAlR, the new evaporative cooler that obsoletes oldfashioned makeshift types.

14 POINTS OF SUPERIORITY...including new -type "Fiberglas"

evaporative filters; true air delivery as rated; and PAYNE quality, long

life, dependable performance.

CONTACT YOUR PAYNE DEALER NOW. Place your order for this

yearsahead cooler and enjoy many summers of healthful, "oceanbreeze"comfort in your home or place of business.

If you don't know a nearby PAYNE dealer, please write the factory for his name, and request COOLERAlR folder.

PAYNE FURNACE COMPANY (One of the Dresser Industries) BEVERLY HILLS, CALIFORNIA

120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Why, Mr. Kimball? Why can't

we have schools for our little children?"

The Navajos hear about the large loans proposed for European nations, to feed and clothe them, and they ask why? They hear that thePresident of the United States proFAVORITEWinning new customers every

poses $17,000,000,000 to go to

Europe for rehabilitation and the day because of its merit.

raising of living standards there.

The Navajos have been told that iiiii $48,500,000 would give them schools, Wf*"-'"'and an additional $15,000,000 would build roads to make these Enriched schools accessible. Many of them with Vitamins

believe that if $63,560,000 were and Iron added to the seventeen billion dollars proposed for Europe, it would hardly be noticed that an increase had

Proudly produced bybeen made, for it still would be only $17,063,560,000. The Navajos say: ROYAL BAKING CO.

"Shouldn't our country pay its own Salt Lake - Ogden obligations first before it makes loans and gifts to foreign peoples?"

It has been estimated that foreign countries now have of our money FOR IMMEDIATE DELIVERY!

from World War I in loans, lend INSTALL A lease, loans from private citizens, bank lendings, etc., some $59,000 WURLITZER ORGAN

millions. Many of these loans are in your church and enjoy "Music's Richest

made to foreign countries on the Wurlitzer has the characteristic tone longVoice."assoground that they are for "humanciated with the timehonored pipe organ. Choose

itarian purposes, or for bringing the TRUE ORGAN TONEI blessings of needed transportation *A tax allowable gift to a church, school, hospital, or for indispensable port facilities, or other public institution.

or to increase production so that the standard of living shall be raised."

We are told also that some $342

INSTALLATIONS RECENT MANYbillions were expended for war from have been made in L.D.S. Churches1940 to 1946. In full view of these SELDON N, HEAPS... eminent churchunderandthe radiosupervisionorganist.of

astronomical figures the poor Indian # SALT LAKE TEMPLE continues to ask why. One comHUNTER AMMONWARD,WARD,SALTIDAHOLAKE FALLS.CITY IDAHO

munity group petitioning for schools O AND MANY OTHERS wrote Listeninformation.to a demonstration today or write Mr. Heaps for complete

children are unschooled many We find the canSUMMERHAYS MUSIC CO. maintenance governmentbecause

not meet the everincreasing population of 17 West First South Phone 5-5881 the Navajo people.

Let us look at a comparison of which we speak:

Estimated war expenditure $342,000,000,000 Estimated lendings to foreign countries 59,000,000,000

Proposed appropriation rehabilitation—Europe 1 7,000,000,000

costEstimated |emen: Plee

schools for Navajos.. 48,560,000 e

Here, they say, is a nation which COMPARE

WSTH APRONS can spend $342 billion to prosecute SELLING FOR one war, but states in effect that it SEND TH,S i Assess!—ormore

cannot raise $48 million to pay a COUPON T0DAY iSSasiSSgSSs ago. a centurywar debt of nearly only U. Offet good inrestricted in yourscate,of merchandisingcounty. i ffiS&5j5 S. Voidor prohibited1/if10thiscent.form value of Cashlicensed, coupon oris taxed,city. Continued 122) on page

FEBRUARY 1948 121 THE NAVAJO... HIS PREDICAMENT

(Continued from page 121) the government does is to close our

For the country, which talks in little school, when we need more terms of billions, to repudiate its schools."

or fail small debts them is a to pay director of Navajo Boyce, G. A. TXfSiM puzzling matter. Only in December of Schools, wrote a typical when $88,000,000 was slashed from district where there were fifteen hundred

the emergency foreign aid program Navajos, six hundred of whom were of $597,000,000, the action of the children of school age. There was

committee was assailed by Senators one school big enough for sixty as "picayunish, cheeseparing econchildren. If it could be conducted, For the best in Reading Entertainment

omy,"and the Navajo repeatedly onetenth of the children might have

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA asks why, if $88,000,000 is such a some training, but for the past five trivial "picayunish"matter, it to closed, does not years "due had been 12 Issues $2.00 its eightyyear-old the nation pay lack of teachers funds."lack of and

debt of only a little over half that The Indians could not understand.

amount. They still heard echoes of the bilWe must bear in mind that the lions for this and billions for that,

Navajo is not asking for something for nothing. not asking He is of only a padlocked charbe few for want Opportunity ity. and yet their one little school must that the country, He is asking said dollars. director thousand The

which took away his lands and forhe told them:

Knocks Again estsit promisedand riverswhenand itliberty,took frompay whathim couldI wouldnot gettry ato bus,get twoand teachers,there werebutnoI his priceless possessions. The Inroads for a bus anyway. They said they

children for build to the dians cabin a told that would the have been "Govfor opportunities Valuable in, school. children close to the stay Few will all not ernment to be able meet intellectual professional and live close to to walk enough school—if the educational of the needs Navajo

cabin, children could they the remain to had a are advancement opened..."People. the ofUndoubtedly in school. children an must have Our Saint with Latterday youth ficial this statement made who was in to to education learn order support

each new quarter at Brigham thinking of the appropriations as themselves, they told me. Could I help

Young University. New classes they have been made in times past them build the cabin? I had to say, "No,

for lumber, for doors is no money will be available for beginand not of the ability of the governthere nails, for or roofing, and windows, ning students, and returning ment to make appropriations. labor."So they somehow dug up $100or

missionaries and exservice- Just one percent of the proposed among themselves to buy some roofing men will find special courses European loan appropriation would and nails and other necessary materials.

find decided they would somehow They build for schools the Navajos and to in reachaid them adapted

I logs old lumber. provide a and Would see the beginners college. through their goals. ing educational This, for hauling? do. I could truck

Is it inability of a matter or have we first for entering the Those time should send entrance apjust not realized our responsibility And the sympathetic director conduty? and tinues: plications to the Admissions The Navajo has been told by his

Committee at least one month friends that the government gives For people who have never been to prior to the quarter in which him only sixtyfour dollars in beneschool—could there be any greater evithey plan to register. fits compared with $126.00 for all dencefeeling ofverytheirhumble.sincerity?I leftI leftit feelingthis meetingsorry

Indians, and $315.00 benefits per for my people; and I have this experience

capita for white citizens. He is puzevery day.

SPRING QUARTER zled. Again, he asks why. He is

March 22 to May 31 told that the schools are limited bePetitions bring us these pleading cause there are not funds with statements:

for is our drives educational This compeople. future, into the I look forward SUMMER QUARTER whichteachers,to andbuildhe buildingsremembersandthe hirebilmon

June 7 to August 23 lions talked of in incomes, and exthat this will be a steppingstone into modpenditures, and he wonders why? ern civilization for our people the Navajo.

He is told that some of the schools We know nowhere in the United States,

Brigham musttions bearelockednot sufficientbecause appropriato repair asgreata Englishin manyNavajolanguage.peoplereservationunable whereto readweor findwritea

them, and he wonders why? He * * *

says, does the that is the government this community most "Why We find Young in in edumedical treatment and like this? treat us always coneglected We

operate with the government. We cation. * * *

our sheep because the govUniversity reduced Mrs. You know, my people B—, that said ernment we had too many are far behind in educational for the.. Navajos.

PROVO, UTAH the range. We do everything the problem therefore we turn our heads to you

government asks us to do, but all for help....

122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Another wrote: schools are closed. And this in the

...beside you know that most of our face of a small army of youthful

children are out of school which are supNavajos who hunger for education! KetpYOUR

posed to be in school. But the government There are so many children there

school can't take care of them all. Also between thirteen and eighteen that HQUSlhom

note that the government can't take care it would take the equivalent of of all but those that live close.... twelve fivehundred pupil schools CRACKING

TO PtBCBSl A mimeographed notice is posted of secondary grade to serve them.

in the trading posts advising that There is not one such school, though Use PABCOthree hundred children may go to there are eight boarding schools give limited teaching to a which in California,school Albuquerque, WHITE HYDROSEAL limited number.or there elsewhere, and immediately FILLER... CRACK around

is a migration to Windowrock. Attending school on the reservaDOORS WINDOW FRAMES

difficult Etc! thing. EAVES In tion is a GUTTERS some SPOUTS, are immediatelyMore children

This caulker in STAYS PUT busses, there where were than to the agency cracksbrought can be quarters sticks stucco, to—asbestosreally brick,

that the bus the roads were so poor cement! Doesn't crack, shrink or pull schools. in the of caretaken Speakpaint, At hardware, lumber, director undependable. The stores. of away!department for was desire the the Indian ofing of

training, Mr. Boyce said in the education says: THE PARAFFINE COMPANIES, INC.

Missionary Conference: Children would enroll in school and SAN FRANCISCO 19, CALIFORNIA

would come a day, then they were out,

The very first day that school opened, waiting for the bus that couldn't run. It

we sent hundreds of children back home. might be a week or two weeks before it

There probably would have been more ran again, without any certainty on anythousands of applicants if we could have one's part. By that time the child was

taken them or if they had continued to merely an enrollee.

come. Obviously after parents hear that

there is no more room, they naturally don't In spite of those conditions, he rebother to come. Hundreds did come to enroll their children in school before the ported that the attendance was runword got around that there was no room ning from eighty to ninety percent

for any more. of the enrolment. And this was

Children are walking appalling distances. without compulsion and without a

For example, we opened Kaibeto School truant officer! There is practically

there for haswhere been worker no To the Person who is'children small truancy. Though the no

chilfourpast years. had only seven We for the are from often away home first the of these day.dren walked Three

seven miles; three walked nine miles; and whole school year, the number of

those were rugged miles. They started at children who leave school to go DEAFis Tired of Straining tosunrise and arrived at school at elevenhome is infinitesimal. The child and

thirty, dirty, really hungry. and cold and

left or does not abandon the school; the at three wolfed andThey a lunch,

threethirty to go back home. school has abandoned the child.

It is pleasing to see the wholethings you HEARDo of great sympathy voices some interest and the for the question should you need Can anyone that ones, misshear—music,allthetheprecioussounds of loved officials the reservation toward the theschools, Indians of the desire life? up make

for schools, or where the responsiproblems of the Navajos. They Sounds which have been long lost

conversation, lowvoiced conferbility rests for schools? seem to be doing all in their power—evenchurch sermons and business

Mr. Boyce told us: and are greatly concerned. ences,are all withbroughtmanybackvoiceswithtakingBeltone,part,

They, the Navajos, keep the the new type OneUnit Hearing Aid.

device, oneunit tiny, which This still eight schools have closed We treaty, is all few ounces, a you only but we the people have weighswhich able to probably won't be open we inconare the forever, wear. Gone, failed.

this year because they require major reveniences of oldfashioned hearing pairs for which we do not have the money. At the July Tribal Council Meetaids. No more heavy, clumsy separing there were to be sworn in sevatesightlybatterybatterypacks.wires.No dangling,The Beltoneunfaithfully the sounds reproduces you Tohatchi, Mexico, At eral I saw councilmen. stood New As they new

laughto and music hear—the want largea plant school consisting of their right upin a line with hands love, voices of ter in those the you

school buildings, dormitories, homes raised, I heard them repeat after a without discomfort or inconvenience.

for teachers and administrators, the government official an oath which FREE! muchLearnbetterhowi

usual dining room, kitchen, laundry, included among other things: "I anduncoversmore preciousclearly Beltonesounds

|garages, and other necessary buildswear that I will uphold the Constiyou,forever.perhaps,Just thought, lost

mail Itings. during term, school but coupon "fijp was States of the tution of United for valuable CDUHCILDKPHYSICAL si free booklet, here,there children 1868."were no and treaty the of and no America '33* Noobligation.

'fDICM MEDICINEB*V I in progress.school if told was was been comic have it had It would

that the plant was condemned benot been so tragic. After we have MAIL COUPON FOR FREE BOOKLET

cause funds were needed to make it failed to abide by the terms of the I BELTONE1450 WestHEARING19 Street, AIDChicagoCO., 8,Dept.IllinoisIE-2

cost Please or obligation, I the farserviceable. this from place of interesting Not for reyears, eighty treaty new facts about we still

I II IT. DEAFNESS to OVERCOME FREEsend me,bookletandwithoutHOW sizeable anotherwas community that that Indian quire the swear he

I Name J town, it. anotherghost school and will uphold

I Address I another,abandoned, and and 3,400 that some anCan we forget

Town State | other. told that are eight (Concluded on page 124) We

FEBRUARY 1948 123

The Navajo—His Predicament

V* 4&c Aemt #$ (Concluded [torn page 123) '& Navajo boys served in World War 7C(catena rfvtt&tica, II and some of them gave their lives? These returning servicemen

may be technically entitled to the

G. I. Bill of Rights, but how can

they go to college under the terms of the law when they have not yet finished their elementary schooling, if indeed they have yet had their kindergarten? And their parents

were saying We heard that the people of the

United States are raising the money for the foreign people which we have fought, Japs and Germans, and Italians, and they are raising millions of dollars to help these people which shows a very good spirit, but ought we be kind enough to help our enemies that fought us? Right in the midst

of our people we give our sons to help to win our war. Here the Navajo people were

right among the white people. Then we

.. HOTEI thejust sea.take. the money and take it across

Had our nation educated the Indian for the past eighty years as UTAH the white child has been trained,

GUY TOOMBEStoday there would not be the NavaManaging Director jo problem which confronts us. The

.. Indians would by this time have

been educated, independent, and cultured. And our very failure of

to cost, now, at whatever amends Are You Going on a Mission? the past should impel us to make to up pay our obligations and make

Save those precious days the Indians, so far as is possible, that of which we have deprived start learning the language before you <3'them.

Uncle Sam has failed to live up to his treaty. But who is Uncle Learn the LINGUAPHONE way

Sam? It is we, the people. It is

Courses are given in our responsibility to see that our

SPANISH ITALIAN representativesfulfil for us our inobligationshigh placesto theseshall

PORTUGUESE GERMAN people whom we have deposed, disconquered, possessed, and by our FRENCH RUSSIAN failure present very left them in their or any of 23 other languages helpless plight of dependence, illitThe course consists of a set of records with correeracy, degeneracy, illness, and sponding text so you may hear and read simultanhopelessness!

eously. In a short time you can read and write with

amazing rapidity and pleasure.

We have a large selection of Camera and Projector equipment. REMEMBERED SCENES

By Edwin E. McDonald

wandering thoughts so often drift MY back there

Where crackling fires warmed tingling, un- 1 1 1 E. 2nd South Salt Lake City, Utah And glovedjoyful hands,laughter echoed in the air

VISUAL EDUCATION DISTRIBUTORS Whileyouryouthfulface: hearts would glide across

A lonely lake, in winter's cold embrace.

124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Science and Faith (Continued from page 82) 'Mil Aicud&jcL hiA, ccUiq&l garding matter gives added significance to the doctrine that the spirit is composed of a refined kind of matter. often with ''Horatio story"such begins a Alger modern to a help proved science has Just as office that is the key to prove work enough Thestatement—often its finest in exreligionreligion, so

to opportunity. a golden many

pression has given impetus to science. I should like to quote again The L. D. S. Business College offers intensive business training;

from what we accept as modern and measured by equipment, buildings, faculty, and the sucscripture: cess of her graduates, this school is eminently qualified for its

work. New students may enroll at any time.

That which is of God is light; and he

that receiveth light, and continueth in God, Returned missionaries are especially invited to investigate op light that groweth light; andreceiveth more tuition rates—offered here.

until perfect the day. portunities—and brighter andbrighter

(D. & C. 50:24.) Full information gladly furnished on request.

If I detect any great fundamental principle in the Christian religion, it eternal of progresthe principle D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE is the L to there no endission—that Tel. 3-2765 70 North Main Salt Lake City truth. of seeksprogress a man who

Death is not the end; it is but one

more step in a great forward march made possible by the redemption wrought by the Savior. This is the FOR GIVING JOY TO LIVING

spirit of true science—constant and The famous EASYTO-READeternal seeking.

Nor is that all. The Christian Crystal Clear

doctrine of the worth of the individNATIONAL BIBLE ual has largely made possible the freedom under which science has flourished. It is a matter of great

concern to men of science that liberty over the earth is being restricted, and as liberty becomes restricted, untrammeled research willnarrow. I am grateful that I have EAST or WEST

lived in a time when a man could do largely as he chose to do and in a—jszt—

his could heland map out where NatiMQf b 11 L E s quent,Take a convenientwinter vacationdaily now!schedulesFreit. I consider it one follow "BOOKSTORE SINCE 1863... AT YOURway and

of the great blessings that has come by Greyhound to any point in let as and America go"you "come civilization, Christian and our from see save please. more, You'll you

as that us great I believe it has made travel in more, comfort you and when a people. go via Overland Greyhound.

In conclusion, I should like to Ask your nearest Overland make one other point. The scientific Greyhound agent

method which has so brilliantly "Recently the Newmont Mining about low cost served in unraveling the mysteries Company/ one of the nation's larger of this world must be supplemented miningintention companiesof developingannouncedcertain minits roundtrip fares!

by something else if we are to enjoy courageeral groundmorein Utah.outsideWe shouldcapital ento

to the full the blessings that have takeresources.a handForin developmenteach dollar ofof ourore V E R LAND come of the knowledge gained. It produced, 90c stays in Utah."B R EYH U

is the great mission and opportunity Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES of religion to teach men "the way, and UNION PACIFIC STAGES, INCORPORATED the truth, the life,"that they might utilize the discoveries of the laboratory to their blessing and not to HOTEL LANKERSH1M their destruction. There is need for 7th t BROADWAY

in Los Armeies Operator added spirituality, of the kind that L. g.FRANKS.-Headquarters. MODERATER. WISHON.RATES

leads to brotherhood, to go hand in RAY H. BECKETT. Manauer

progress hand with the scientific of METAL MINING INDUSTRY TWO PERSONSLOS ANGELESONE CHARGE Concluded on page 126) OF UTAH

FEBRUARY 1948 125 Science and Faith

(Concluded from page 125) our time. God grant that in seeking

the mysteries of his handiwork, we may also learn his great religious truths, which we have been prone to disregard, that our efforts might become a blessing unto us!

The Editor's Page

(Concluded from page 75) I feel that it is a privilege to be here tonight, and the inspiration of the Almighty will be with us because, as he has said, when two or three are gathered in his name, he will be there to bless them.

My father was born on the way, when the people were coming from

Nauvoo to this part of the world.

He grew up here, reared his family, and then went to join his forebears who had passed to the other side.

Tonight as I look at this audience I see quite a number of my friends, some from early childhood, and I feel quite at home. And I do hope

that you all feel happy with us, you men who are here to transact business in the interest of the people of the nation. If you have in your

hearts a determination to carry out the mandate of our Heavenly FaFor longer car life allther,yournot onlyheart,to lovebut theto loveLord yourwith drive in at the neighborswill be accomplished.as yourselves, Andyour whenwork

toto you go back your report make in those states, toDrch sign S your home I hope that you will feel that you have o * service (a) waitedyour businessupon thebut Lord,also innotyouronlytravin els, and that you have been anxious to be what he would have you be

Utah Oil Refining Co. ingly.and that you will be blessed accordYou will hear tonight the Tabernacle choir and the great organ. The

organ was originally built mostly of native materials by men of the

You Can't ALWAYS Plan Church, one of whom came from

Australia. The organ has been

The FUTURE By the Past! played, and the choir has sung to all

Just because you haven't had a fire is no reason why you won't. parts of the civilized world where

Don't judge the future by the past. radio reaches. More than nine hunFire is a constant menace and may visit you any day. dred weekly network broadcasts

Insure your property today and be protected against loss. have been presented by this remarkBetter get your policy while you can. able organization. As I travel among

the people of the United States, I delighted to receive their comthis of UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. ammendation fine organization

Heber J. Grant <& Co., GENERAL AGENTS, Salt Lake City, Utah that sings praises to our Heavenly

Father on his holy day.

126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

In this great house, filled to its capacity innumerable times since it was built, our Heavenly Father has been praised in song and in sermon and in prayer.

I hope we all feel grateful for our blessings. And the best way you,

who are descendants of the Pioneers, can demonstrate your appreciation of your forebears, is to keep the commandments of God and live such righteous lives that his blessings will continue to flow unto you and your influence will be extended wherever you may go.

We are not singing just to ourselves tonight. We will be singing

to our Heavenly Father, and the great organ will be playing praises to him, and I should like to repeat a stanza of one of the hymns that is so familiar to all of us:

in the ancient city of Papantla in the modern state of father's God, to thee. The great Mayan temple of El Tajin, Our

Cruz, Vera Mexico of liberty, Author To thee we sing;

Long may our land be bright With freedom's holy light;

Protect us by thy might, Great God, our king.

So tonight as our souls are stirred By DEWEY AND EDITH FARNSWORTH by worshipful music, as we go from illustrated.... An amazFascinating—authoritative—richlyhere, I pray that the peace and the ing volume on preColumbian culture in the Americas. Over

comfort and the satisfaction that althree hundred excellent pictures. One outstanding photo

entire an shows family of white Indians scientists who, dehave with we us when remainsways are practically "a pureblooded of the ancient remnant Lord, go of the maythe Spirit with clare,first dynasty are Mayans."Here evidences of roads, cement

every soul, and that our visitors who steel, hardened copper; of Christianity; and of perhaps the

are here may indeed feel that they most dramatic, mysterious exodus in history.

just book The off the friends. now two previous their volumes: of in theare home press—includes

Grandeur of "The Ancient and "Buried America"Empires of South

. it and that be so. plus America"10year of accumulation a grant may authentic information God

available for new first the now time under photographs—all. to for them time the comes cover. deandone cloth Goldwhen embossed leatherette library and bindings.

part to their various homes, that Excellent for the missionary, teacher, or student of the Book of Mormon—or for anyone else interested in the archaeology of thethey may feel that it has been pleasWestern Hemisphere.

ing to them and to our Heavenly 176 pages—9 by 12 inches. The price, $5, postpaid.

Father that they have been here and that they may renew their deterFARNSWORTH PUBLISHING CO.

mination to be worthy of him in 4635 Montana St. El Paso, Texas

whose image we have all been cre- (BOOKS AVAILABLE ALSO AT LEADING BOOKSTORES) ated.

That the Lord may add his blessings and that his peace may be upon us all, and that the President and |MIIII[]llllll!lliMC3llllllllllll[3IIIIIMIIlllC3IIIIIIIIIIIIE3MHIIIIIIME3IIIIIIIIMIIE3IIIUIimil[3IUIIIIIIIllC3ll!IIIIJ=

his associates of the nation we belong to may be inspired of the Lord 1 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA j to be real statesmen, and that their = 50 North Main Street work may be carried on in the interest of this great nation acceptably to | Salt Lake City L Utah | our Heavenly Father, and that we E Please enter my subscription for one year. My $2.00 is enclosed.

may all cJo our part, and in the end when our life's labor is completed that we may find our inheritance in = Name...

the celestial kingdom right here upon this earth and that we may find Address our loved ones all there, not one missing, I pray in the name of Jesus | City State.

Christ, our Lord. Amen. r7iiiiiiic3iiiiiiiiiiiicaiiiiiiiiiiiicaiiiiiiiiiiiicaiiiiitiiiiiic3iiiiiiiiiiiic3iiiiiitiiiiicaiiiiifiiniii:aiiiiiiiiiiiicaiiiiiifE|

FEBRUARY 1948 127 0WX

Pusan, Korea P. 6, c/o A.P.O. M. L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOMES OF ADDRESSES Francisco San

Calif. St., 24th Cor. San Diego, "C,"24th 1104 & Editor:

Calif. St., Alice Oakland, 1836 is Silverdale is in state and of Washington, the home

Calif. St., Marysville, 615 "F"MYDear I the at to closest the Church home. town go to my St., Honolulu, T.H. Beretania So. 1594 sisters brother a on one and Bremerton I have two Ward.

mission. Naval Station Services

Last December when I first arrived in Korea, I was homesick and heartsick. One day at mail call there appeared an L. D. S. servicemen are asked to note the following

Improvement Era addressed to someone who was not there information:

any longer. I grabbed at the chance to read it. I can't tell "L. D. S. services are held each Friday at 8 p.m. in

you how I felt when I read that issue. I was lifted above the Frazier Hall, 245 West 28th St., Norfolk Naval Station,

things that were depressing me and felt like a human being Norfolk, Virginia."

again.My parents since have sent me The Improvement Era. It is

a guide by which I live. I don't mean to imply that we don't

hold services here. There are about ten of us here, and we The Worth of a Man

hold services on the fifth floor of the 71st Station Hospital here in Pusan, Korea. The incident I told you about was before President Abraham Lincoln was asked by a New York

we had organized a service here. firm for a character reference of an acquaintance in Spring-

I wish to thank you of The Improvement Era for your fine field and complied with the following:

work and the articles of lasting interest. "Yours of the 10th received. First of all, he has a wife

I remain your brother in the gospel, and a baby; together they ought to be worth $500,000 to any

T/4 Burt Oliphant man. Secondly, he has an office in which there is a table

worth $1.50 and three chairs worth, say $1. Last of all, there

Banksia, N. S. W. Australia is in one corner a large rathole, which will bear looking into.

Dear Editors: "Respectfully,

Will you kindly send me an index to bind with my "A. Lincoln"

magazines? -4

Each month I look forward to receiving these magazines. I

a Church member all have been my twentyfour highly. membership value my Church We have yearsbeen toldand The Proper Length of Legs

if diligent receive right that a university education we we are peculiarities physical of Stephen the discussing DougFrom this that true. at can Church, be and I know las, of President small a group man, a very was who

best to the wishes Era. My of question friends long to the Lincoln's turned how Abraham

faithfully, Yours group, joined be. the Lincoln legs he should man's a When

(Miss) Prigoone Daphne question. the asked was

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania "Well,"he said, "I should think a man's legs ought to be

Dear Editors: long enough to reach from his body to the ground."

field the mission Improvement heavy Era receives The IN the only contact It is the duty. that some people have with

headquarters of the Church. It is certainly playing a vital A Man's Qualifications

part in keeping the people of the Church "posted"on current the Church. within developments

bless ever you in your important work. ToSandwicha delegationIslandswhofor beggeda certaintheman,commissionshipurging that besidesof the May the Lord

Sincerely your brother, being a qualified man he was in bad health, President Abraham (s) Douglas H. Parker Lincoln said:

Second Counselor "Gentlemen, I am sorry to say that there are eight other

Mission Presidency applicants for the place, and they are all sicker than your man."

Eagle Scouts Awards Presented The Eagle Scout Award was presented recently to eleven Scouts and Scouters in Bountiful Second Ward Chapel with Bill Page of Bountiful making the presentation.

The featured speaker of the evening's program was John D. Giles, First Assistant Superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association

General Board. Music was furnished by the Gustaf Adolph Male Chorus of Salt Lake City. Open house following the services was held in the Scout cabin

back of the chapel where the mothers of the boys, with Mrs. V. T. Rice in charge, served refreshments.

Letters of congratulation were sent by President George Albert Smith, President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., and Rock M. Kirkham.

Left to right: Darrell Servoss, South Davis District chairman; John Kagie; June Robins; Arlow Oborn, Scoutmaster; Glenn Smith; Glen (Bud) Rice;

Marano Robins; Cal Riley; Calvert Feller; Darrell Oborn; and Gordon Oborn.

1'28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA t in anIn the West it's "RPM"2tol.,

impartial survey, Western motorists named RPM Motor Oil their favorite by a 2-to-l margin over its nearest competitor. Performance builds popularity

.. and "RPM"gives motors the finest

protection money can buy.

"RPM's"compounds stop carbon and sludge troubles "RPM"clings to hot spots that most oils leave bare "RPM"ends bearing corrosion and crankcase foaming "RPM"is compounded to prevent internal engine rust... cause of 80% of motor wear

We'll take better care of your car

Stop at Independent Chevron Gas

Stations, or Standard Stations, Inc.,

for Standard of California products

BACKGROUND FOR AMERICANISM

February - birthmonth of Washington and Lincoln... A time to recheck our position on the course of

Americanism they helped to chart. Among fundamentalprinciples was the establishment ofnational

security through personal industry, thrift, and foresight - - qualities unsurpassed in meeting the temporal needs of today. & For the security of

your family, carry plenty of life insurance.

x '''/*:"

7U\ RETURN POSTAGE GUARARTEED mm,muM 1,:u3iMiiiMa SALT LAKE CITY

George Albert Smith, Prev Salt Lake City, Utah