Seven Minutes in Eternity WILLIAM DUDLEY PELLEY The Challenge of Tobacco JOHN D. GILES

Character of Brigham Young DR. JOHN T. MILLER

CHAMPION SWIMMER AND MISSIONARY PROF. H. R. MERRILL

A CHALLENGE TO M MEN MAYOR JOHN F. BOWMAN

EXCITING TEST OF SCOUT SKILL A. L. KELLEY

STORY—ON THE TRAIL OF THE Y

BLANCHE ROBBINS

,u W)nu.. '''- ',.-. \V.V

Low Vacation Fares Now... to California

—roundtrip fares greatly reduced on sale daily May 16 until Sept. 30

Return limit October 31. For example, to:

Los Angeles Los Angeles San Francisco San Francisco both ways via one way via San Francisdirect via circuit via Portland

San Francisco co; return via Las Vegas Reno back to Salt Lake City

$40.00 $47.50 $40.00 $62.15

Proportionately low fares from all other points in Utah,

Idaho, Montana. Stopovers anywhere.

Southern Pacific For further information call, write or phone

PRESS BANCROFT, General Agent 41 So. Main St., Salt Lake City—Phones Was. 3008—3078

Make Vacation

Time Preparation Time

Prepare at the L. D. S. Business

College

School in session all the year

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

YOU FLOAT / -likeacork/ GREAT SALT LAKE/

YOUR GLORIOUS

I.M. A. OUTING

Friday, June 7 When you come to Salt Lake, you'll come to incomparable pleasSALTAIR—Utah's

ure resort. The grand opening of the

season on Memorial Day will launch a -. summer of glorious recreation,mtwo tine

motorways. Join the M. I. A. throng that will have

t-,,.. possession of the beach on Friday, June 7.,..,.,,. "Electric trains \,, i ir, All your'triends will be there!every nail hour.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "The Richest Child Is Poor Without Musical Training"

BuyaBabyGrandPiano

Nothing Takes the Place of a Piano in Your Home

You can buy a fine grand now for Steinert, Kimball, Kurtzmann, what you used to pay for an upIvers & Pond, Harrison (Kimballright. Scientific construction conmade) and other famous names

serves on size and also makes comprise our grand piano stock.

things easier on your purse. Your favorite's here.

Other Instruments Taken In Trade. Long Easy Terms

Write We Ship for Anywhere FREE Satisfaction Guaranteed Catalogs JOSEPHJDAYNSS "OLDER. THANPRESIDENTTHE STATE<i/r4v2'???AOF UTAH"w

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

JUNE, 1929 Pres. Heber J. Grant Hugh J. Cannon

Editor Associate Editor Melvin J. Ballard, Business Manager

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Portrait of President Brigham Young Frontispiece

Brigham Young Preston Nibley 6 1 9

Seven Minutes in Eternity William Dudley Pelley 621

Thy Presence. A Poem Roberta Flake Clayton 628

The Challenge of Tobacco John D. Giles 629

The Biggest Sucker in the World - 636

A Unique Pageant Harvey L. Taylor 63 6

Brigham Young's Testimony Susa Young Gates 637

Your Mission. A Poem C. JV. Lund 638

Character of President Brigham Young Dr. John T. Miller 639

Champion Swimmer and "Mormon"Missionary - Prof. H. R. Merrill 642

Fruits of Clean Living B. Ira Judd 645

A Challenge to M Men Mayor John F. Bowman 646

Golden Hair. A Poem Vesta P. Crawford 648

An Exciting Test of Scout Skill A. L. Kelly 649

Interpreting Some Ethical and Moral Concepts Taught in the

Doctrine and Covenants a. C. Lambert 652

Tribute to Father, or Maybe 'tis to Mother - Harry W. Madsen 658

Science and Religion: The Full Life Prof. William J. Snow 660Fleeing to Zion for—Scenery Dave Rust 662

PresentDay Indulgences - Albert R. Lyman 664

Another Tobacco "Testimonial"- - 665

ON THE TRAIL OF THE "Y."A STORY Blanche Robbins 666

An Outstanding Introduction L. Valess Dewey, M. A. 671

HIGH IDEALS Frank Herbert Sweet 672

Could Joseph Smith Have Written the Book of Mormon

Joseph F. Willes 673

History of the Poppy Belle O. Sprague 677

Messages from the Missions. Ili ustrated - 679 Editor's Table—The Gospel and the Law - 686

Aim of the Saints Edward H. Anderson 687

Priesthood Quorums - 688 Mutual Work - 694 - - - 703Church Events

Entered at the Post Office. Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section UOi, Act of October, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918.

Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are considered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially requested, will be destroyed.

Published monthly at Salt Lake City; $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church

Office Building.

EDITOR'S ANNOUNCEMENTS "St*-

No more startling story has approselyting field as he did in the field peared in recent months than that of sport. Probably he will deliver

written by William Dudley Pelley, unno more effective sermon during his der the title "My Seven Minutes in entire mission than the one commented

Eternity."Through the courtesy of on by the French paper and which he

the editors of the American Magazine, gave by the side of a swimming pool in which Mr. Pelley's article originally while clad in a bathing suit.

appeared, it is possible for us to reis aprint it in the Era. Its length makes The Doctrine and Covenants

it necessary to divide it into two parts. volume of scripture worthy of more

The first installment is presented in attention than has been given to it in it is gradually arousthis issue, and the concluding part will the past, though appear in the July number. There is ing comment in circles beyond the

no question about our readers finishing borders of the Church. "Interpreting

the story if they begin it. some Ethical and Moral Concepts of

the Doctrine and Covenants,"by

The Challenge of Tobacco, by John Prof. A. C. Lambert, to be found in

D. Giles, is a gripping presentation of this number, will appeal to thoughtful

facts concerning this menace which people and will awaken greater interest confronts the youth of today. The in this inspired book.

appalling growth of the tobacco industry, the extensive advertising camJune 1 is the birthday of the great paign now on to continue that growth, Church leader, President Brigham the unethical methods employed to Young. This month the Era presents

accomplish its purpose, the misleading three brief references to some phases of or utterly false statements made, are his life and character; the frontispiece

graphically set forth in this arraignand a tribute by Preston Nibley, one ment. of the departed leader's greatest adWho is the biggest sucker in the mirers; another by Dr. John T. Miller. who submits the opinions of someworldi'The biggest suckers are not

noted students of character concerningfound in the water. An answer to this remarkable man; the third by Mrs.this query will be found on page 636 Susa Young Gates, daughter of Brigof this issue.

ham Young, who gives some interest

Mayor John F. Bowman issues a ing personal experiences with her

it is to be father.challenge to M Men which

hoped they will read and accept. By

doing so they will contribute mateOur young readers and many of the rially to the reputation of the Stats older ones will peruse with interest and at the same time will experience an this month's story, "On the Trail of "enrichment of life through apprecithe 'Y'."

ation of the beautiful."

A. L. Kelly tells a thrilling story

Champion Swimmer and "Morunder the title, "An Exciting Test of mon"Missionary gives an interesting Scout Skill."It shows better than

account of another of our athletes who many sermons could do the advantage is making as good a record in the which comes from Scout training.

Brigham Young FEW weeks ago, Mrs. Maria Y. Dougall, a daughter

of President Brigham Young and now in her eightieth year, presented me with the original picture of Pres-A ident Young shown on the opposite page. When or where

it was taken there is nothing to indicate, but I have consulted with Brother Junius F. Wells, who is a connoisseur of earlyUtah pictures, and our joint opinion is that this is one of the

very earliest photographs ever made in Utah, taken perhaps in the early 50's when President Young was Governor of the

State.

June 1 marks the 128th anniversary of President

Young's birth, and it is almost 52 years since he passed beyond, here in the city that he founded, but his memory is ever present with us. For he was truly a great man, a hero,

a prophet, a peerless leader of a great people.

I like to regard his fine features as shown in this splendid photograph. That calm yet determined expression,

which is so expressive of all his acts, for early in his youth,this man set himself to but one task—"To build up the

Church and kingdom of God."For over forty years, he

labored and continued at it with all his heart and soul, to the last breath of his life. Having once determined upon his

duty, he continued on and on until the victory was won.

What an example President Young is to the youth of

Zion. He exemplifies all the good attributes that a Latterday Saint should have. A religious mind, the desire to worship, loyalty to his Church, and to his leaders, the ability

to work intelligently, fearlessness, courage, and the will to succeed. Such a man is truly a gift from Heaven, a precious

heritage to all who come after him.

Preston Nibley.

President Brigham Young Improvement Era

Vol. XXXII JUNE, 1929 No. 8

Seven Minutes in Eternity The Amazing Experience that Made Me Over

By William Dudley Pelley [ This startling story by William Dudley Pelley should be read by everyone. The edition of the "American Magazine"for March, in which it originally appeared, is exhausted, and we therefore asked and received permission to

reprint it in the "Era."Our readers are indebted to the editors of the

"American"for this courtesy. The final installment of the story will appear

in the July number. The subheadings in the article are our 1 own.—EDITORS.

THE Sierra Madre Mountains, near Pasadena. California. IINown a bungalow. When I want seclusion in order to complete

a knotty job of writing, I lay in a stock of provisions, bid adieu to acquaintances, motor up to this hideaway, and work there undisturbed. My only companion is Laska, a tawny police dog.

In the month of April, 1928, I was living in this bungalow while writing a novel. The work had gone well and was nearing

completion. I was untroubled mentally, feeling physically fit, writing six to eight hours a day, with plenty of evening recreation.

One night toward the last of the month I returned around ten o'clock and lay reading in bed till midnight. The book bad

nothing to do, I am convinced, with what subsequently happened.

It was a ponderous volume on ethnology, a subject that is something of a hobby with me. I felt drowsy around midnight, laid the

volume aside, pulled off my glasses, and extinguished the bedlamp.

I had gone through a similar routine on a hundred other evenings:

the day had been no different from a hundred other writing days spent in the bungalow.

My sleeping chamber was located at the back of the house and was perfectly ventilated, with two casement windows opening toward the mountains. Laska curled on the floor at the foot of my

accustomed sleeping that she did not externallv bed—her place—and

motivate the phenomena in any way, I am positive. When it ended,

and I was back in my body. I stumbled from the bed and my voice

awoke her, bringing her over beside me. where she thumped her

tail on the rug and sought to lick my wrist. * * *

June, \9Z9b22 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I do not recall having any specific dreams the first half of the night, no physical distress-, certainly no insomnia. Ordinarily, I do

not use liquor and I had none on the premises or in my system on this night in question. For twenty years I had consumed from a

dozen to twenty cigars daily and smoked my pipe constantly over the typewriter. But I had never observed any derogatory effects

from such indulgence and was no more distressed than usual from this particular day's consumption of nicotine.

The Sensation of Dying time later veri-"PUT between three and four in the morning—the

-l"* ghastly inner shriek seemed to tear through my somnofied—a

lent consciousness. In despairing horror I wailed to myself:

"I'm dying! I'm dying!"

What told me, I don't know. Some uncanny instinct had been

unleashed in slumber to awaken and apprise me. Certainly something was happening to that had never happened me—something

down all my physical sensation which I can best describe as days—a

a combination of heart attack and apoplexy.

Mind you, I say physical sensation. This was not a dream. I

was fully awake, and yet I was not. I knew that something had

that my conhappened either to my heart or head—or both—and

scious identity was at the play of forces over which it had no control.

I was awake, mind you, and whereas I had been on the bed in the moonless dark of a California bungalow when the phenomenon started, the next moment I was plunging down a mystic depth of cool, blue space, with a sinking sensation like that which attends the taking of ether as an anesthetic. Queer noises were singing in my

ears. Over and over in a curiously tumbled brain the thought was

preeminent:

"So this is death?"

No Cause for Alarm AVER that in the interval between my3 seizure and the end of I was sufficiently possessed of my physical senses to my plunge, think: "My dead body may lie in this lonely house for days before

anyone discovers Laska breaks out and brings aid."it—unless

I don't what difference Why I should think that, know—or

I reit would have made to me, being the lifeless "remains"—but

I evermember thinking the thought as distinctly as any thought originated consciously and put on paper in the practice of my vocation.

Next, I was whirling madly. Once in 1920 over San Francisco

an airplane in which I was passenger went into a tail spin and we almost fell into the Golden Gate. That feeling! Someone reached

>"e, 1929 SEVEN MINUTES IN ETERNITY 623 out, caught me, stopped me. A calm, clear, friendly voice said,

close to my ear:

"Take it easy, old man. Don't be alarmed. You're all right.

We're here to help you."

Someone had hold of me, I persons in said—two fact—one

with a hand under the back, of my neck, supporting my weight, the other with arm run under my knees. I was physically flaccid from

my "tumble"and unable to open my eyes as yet because of the sting of queer, opal light that diffused the place into which I had come.

When I finally managed it, I became conscious that 1 had been borne to a beautiful marbleslab pallet and laid nude upon it by two strongbodied, kindly faced young men in white uniforms not unlike those worn by internes in hospitals, who were secretly amused at my confusion and chagrin.

"Feeling better?"the taller of the two asked considerately, as

physical strength to sit up unaided came to me and I took note of my surroundings.

"Yes,"I stammered. "Where am I?"

They exchanged goodhumored glances.

They never answered my question.

They did not need to answer my question. It was superfluous.

I knew what had happened. I had left my earthly body on a

bungalow bed in the California mountains. / had gone through all

the sensations of dying, and whether this was the Hereafter or an intermediate station, most emphatically I had reached a place and state which had never been duplicated in all my experience.

I say this because of the inexpressible ecstasy of my new state, both mental and physical.

For I had carried some sort of body into that new environment with me. I knew that it was nude. It had been capable of

feeling the cool, steadying pressure of my friends'hands before my eyes opened. And now that I had reawakened without the slightest

distress or harm, I was conscious of a beauty and loveliness of environment that surpasses chronicling on printed paper.

A sort of marbletiled-andfurnished portico the place was, lighted by that soft, unseen, opal illumination, with a clearas- crystal Roman pool diagonally across from the bench on which I remained for a time, striving to credit that all this was real. Out beyond the portico everything appeared to exist in a sort of turquoise

haze. * * *

I looked from this vista back to the two friends who had received me. There were no other persons anywhere in evidence in

the first half of my experience.

624 IMPROVEMENT ERA /*. 1929

Somehow I knew those two them as intimately men—knew

as I knew the reflection of my own features in a mirror. And yet

something about them, their virility, their physical "glow,"their strong and friendly personality sublimated, as it were, kept me from instant identification.

And they knew a good joke about me. They continued to

watch me, with a smile in their eyes, when I got down from my marble bench and moved about the portico till I came to the edge of the pool.

"Bathe in it,"came the instruction. "You'll find you'll enjoy it."

I went down the steps into delightful water. And here is one

of the strangest incidents of the whole "adventure"* * * when I came up from that bath I was no longer conscious that I was nude. On the other hand, neither was I conscious of having

donned clothes. The bath did something to me in the way of

clothing me. What, I don't know.

But immediately I came up garbed, somehow, by the magic contact of the water, people began coming into the patio, crossing over it and going down the southern steps and off into the inexpressible turquoise. As they passed me, they cast curiously amused

glances at me. And everybody nodded and spoke to me. They

had a kindness, a courtesy, a friendliness, in their faces and addresses that quite overwhelmed me. Think of all the saintly, attractive,

magnetic folk you know, imagine them constituting the whole social misfits, no tense countenances, no sour leers, no preworld—no

occupied brusqueness of physical the whole environhandicap—and

long ago William Dudley Pelley came into the office of The NOTAmerican Magazine, after an absence of more than a year.

"Man, what's happened to you?"asked the editor. "You're looking incredibly better than you did the last time I saw you."

"You've never seen me before,"replied Mr. Pelley.

"Just what do you mean by that?"

"I mean that the fellow who is standing before you now is a new

Bill new that he's only about one year old. I've had an Pelley—so experience. * * *"

On the strength of that conversation Mr. Pelley was asked to write

about his great adventure. Neither the editor nor any members of the

staff knew what transforming experience the author had been through, but it was evident to all that he had greatly changed, both in appearance and in manner. The accompanying article is the intimate account of his

"rebirth."It will surprise and interest you as much as it surprised and

interested the staff of The American Magazine. THE EDITORS.

June, 1929 SEVEN MINUTES IN ETERNITY 625

Photograph by Alfred Cheney Johnson, N. Y,

WILLIAM DUDLEY PELLEY

merit of life permeated with an ecstatic harmony as universal as air, and you get an idea of my reflexes in those moments. I recall

exclaiming to myself:

"How happy everybody jolly! Every indiseems!—how

vidual here conveys something that makes me want to know him personally."Then, with a sense of shock, it dawned upon me:

J*, >vz<>626 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"I have known every one of these people some time or other, personally, intimately! But they are sublimated now—physically as I know them in life at all."glorified—not

Meets Old Acquaintances IT CANNOT make anyone understand how natural it all seemed -W- that I should be there. After that first presentment of dying

which experience had ended in the most kindly ministration—all

cerror and strangeness left me and I had never felt more alive. It

never occurred to me that I was in "heaven,"or, if it did, it occasioned me no more astonishment that I should be there than when, at some period of my mundane consciousness, it had occurred to me that I was on "earth."* * * After all, do we know much

more about the one than the other?

I had simply ended a queer voyage through bluish void and found myself in a charming place among jolly, worthwhile people who saw in me something that amused them to the point of quiet laughter. Yet not a laughter that I could resent. I had no mad

obsession to go off at once in search of Deity or look up Abraham

Lincoln or Julius Caesar. I was quite content to stroll timidly in the

vicinity of the portico by which I had entered this harmonious place and be greeted with pleasant nods by persons whose individualities were uncannily familiar.

They were conventionally garbed, these persons, both men and women. I recall quite plainly that the latter wore hats. I can see

with perfect clarity in my mind's eye the outline of the millinery worn by a dignified elderly lady at whose deathbed I had been present in Sioux City, Iowa, in 1923. The big, broadshouldered,

blueeyed fellow in white duck who had first received me, with his hand beneath the nape of my neck, always hovered in my vicinity, * I recall, and kept an eye on my whereabouts and deportment. * *

Return to Earth TT PLEDGE my reputation that I talked with these people, identi- -U- fied many of them, called the others by their wrong names and was corrected, saw and did things that night almost a year ago that it is verboteh for me to narrate in a magazine article, but which

I recall with a minuteness of detail as graphic to me as the keys of my typewriter are now, under my fingers. Regardless of the

fact that imagination is the chief asset in one of my vocation, I am not given to particularly graphic dreams. Certainly, we never

dream by the process of coming awake first, knowing that we are suffering some kind of heart or head attack, swooning, and coming abruptly conscious again in the arms of two kindly persons who *. 1*2* SEVEN MINUTES IN ETERNITY 627

reassure us audibly that everything is quite all right. Nor do the

impressions of a ream so stay with least they have never us—at

so stayed with after a year such an experience is as vivid me—that

as many of my experiences in Siberia during the late World War.

I went somewhere, penetrated to a distinct place, and had an actual, concrete experience. 1 found myself an existing entity in a

locality where persons I had always called "dead"were not dead at all. They were very much alive.

The termination of this exit so to journey—my speak—was

as peculiar as my advent.

I was wandering alone about the portico I have described, with most of my recognizable friends gone out of it for the moment, when I was caught in a swirl of bluish vapor that seemed to roll in from nowhere in particular. Instead of plunging prone I was lifted

or levitated. Up, up, up I seemed to tumble, feet first, despite the

ludicrousness of the description. A long, swift, swirling journey of

this. And then something in my body. The clicked—something

best analogy is the sound my repeating deerrifle makes when I work the ejector flat, metallic, automatic sensation. mechanism—a

Next, I was sitting up in bed in my physical body again, as wide awake as I am at this moment, staring at the patch of window where the moon was going down, with a reflex of physical exhaustion through my chest, diaphragm, and abdomen that lasted several moments. Not any digestive distress, you understand; simply

a great weariness in my torso as if I had passed through a tremendous physical ordeal and my heart must accelerate to make up the lost energy.

"That wasn't a dream!"I cried aloud. And my voice awoke

Laska, who straightened to her haunches.

There was no more slumber for me that night. I lay back

finally with the whole experience fresh in my senses but an awful lamentation in my heart that I was forced to come back at all back into a world of struggle and disappointment, turmoil and misinterpretation, to an existence of bill collectors, unfriendly bankers, capricious editors, and caustic all the mental and physical critics—to

aches and pains which combine with the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune to make of this Earth Plane a Vale of Tears.

It was a tragedy, the coming back.

Call it the Hereafter, call it Heaven, call it Purgatory, call it the

Astral Plane, call it the Fourth Dimension, call it What You Will.

Whatever it human entities go after being reis—and where—that

leased from physical limitations, I had gone there that night. And,

like Lazarus of old, I had been called to the anguish back—back

/. /628 IMPROVEMENT ERA

(in comparison) of physical existence to finish out my time in the conventional manner. Up to the moment of writing this article

almost a year later, I have not had the slightest indication toward a repetition of the episode. Dreams I have had, and occasionally

a fine, oldfashioned nightmare, but I have known them for such.

Somehow or other, in sleep that night. I unhooked something in

the strange mechanism that is Spirit in Matter, and for from seven to ten minutes my own conscious entity that is Bill Pelley, writingman, slipped over to the Other Side.

(Read the conclusion in the July number.)

Thy Presence

Last night I heard Thee in the distant thunder,

Thy voice appealing, murmuring soft and low.

I saw Thy face amid the lightning flashes

Which lighted all the earth with mellow glow.

'Twas as a mother crooning to her baby

At eventide when sleepy time had come,

When flocks were lowing, and when heavy laden.

Bees were returning with a drowsy hum.

And then I heard Thee in the mighty rumbling

Of thunder peal that shook the very earth,

Deafening with its terrific roaring

That unto one alarming fears gave birth.

Then came the sharp, quick flashes of the lightning

That blinded with the brightness of its glare

Until it seemed all things must be consumed

As thunder clash and lighting rent the air.

Yet in it all I seemed to read this lesson

With tenderness and patience Thou wilt plead,

Showing to erring mortals utmost goodness:

But if they fail Thy tender voice to heed,

Then must Thou come in majesty and power

And, by the awful presence of Thy might,

Convince them of their sins; persuasion first,

Then by their fears, to walk in paths aright.

Phoenix. Arizona ROBERTA FLAKE CLAYTON

The Challenge of Tobacco By John D. Giles, of the Y. M. M. I. A. General Board

"Behold, verily, thus saith the Lord unto you: In consequence of evils

which do and will exist in the hearts of conspiring men in the last days, I have warned you and forewarn you, by giving unto you this word of wisdom by revelation."(Doctrine and Covenants, Section 89, verse 4.)

105,9 15,965,0 14 cigarettes were manufactured in the United

States in 1928.

means an increase of nine per cent, or 8,739,359,530,THATover 1927 and an increase of almost one hundred per cent over 1919, when it totaled only 53,1 19,784,232. It is more than

double the 1920 output of 47,430,105,055, the increase being 58,485,859,959.

In 1928 the production was more than six times the 1914 figure of 16,855,626,104 cigarettes.

is A former official of one of the large tobacco companies authority for the statement made while in Salt Lake four years ago that the aim of the tobacco "industry"in America is to reach a sale of 120,000,000,000 cigarettes a year, the equivalent of 1000 cigarettes for every man woman and child in the United States based upon an estimated population of 120,000,000 people. At the time

this statement was made it was estimated that it would require ten years to reach the quota. It now appears probable, almost certain,

that it will be reached by 1930, if not in 1929.

In January of this year, 10,160,262,683 cigarettes were produced, a gain over January, 1928, of over twentyone per cent—

the second highest month in history. One manufacturer reports an

increase of fortyseven per cent in the last two months of 1928 over the same two months of the previous year and predicts a still larger percentage of increase during 1929.

It is estimated that the cigarette bill of the American people for 1928 was than $7 per person. $850,000,000—more

One tobacco company announces a net income of $30,172,563 in 1928. Another made in excess of $25,000,000.

One single company has announced an advertising appropriation of $18,000,000 for 1929, with $12,300,000 of it to be spent become to induce women and women and boys—to boys—largely

cigarette smokers.

Advertising men estimate that between $40,000,000 and $50,000,000 will be spent by all companies advertising cigarettes, cigars and other tobacco products in America this year. Every avail1929630 IMPROVEMENT ERA J.

able means, apparently, is to be used to encourage and increase smoking. jjjj

The foregoing facts present only in part the challenge of tochallenge to every rightthinking person in America, rebacco—a

gardless of church affiliation, and a challenge of extremely serious import to every Latterday Saint.

A Nation of Tobacco Addicts To get clearly before the reader the real character of this challenge, we quote from a recent cigar advertisement published by a cigar company that is a subsidiary of one of the largest cigarette advertisers:

"The solid substantial masculine men have an instinctive preference for cigars. Let the ladies and boys smoke whatever they want, but avoid nervous

habits yourself."

Can "Nervous Habits"Mean Anything but Cigarettes?

Here is the key to the sales strategy of the tobacco barons all the men smoking cigars and the ladies and boys smoking cigarettes!

What a picture!

In these days of supposed enlightenment, an age when scientific truths are supposed to guide our living habits, a deliberate attempt is made to create a nation of tobacco nation of addicts—a

ladies and boys who are slaves of "nervous fiends habits"—cigarette

men who abandon themselves to the custom of smoking the—and

filthy weed in cigar form.

The Fight is Now in the Open After years of indirect suggestion, all pretense has now been thrown aside and direct appeals are being made, not only to young men and women, but to boys and girls.

There was a time when tobacco advertising had the decency and propriety to direct itself to grown men who had, or were supposed to have, judgment enough to determine what is good for the body and who also would be least affected by the inroads of nicotine.

But that time has passed. The appeal is now made openly and

brazenly. The moral and physical wellbeing of the youth of America, the country's manhood and womanhood, is pitted against the

millions of dollars of profit of the tobacco interests. A flood of

advertising, such as few industries have ever known, is being broadcast through every imaginable medium to accomplish the damnable purpose.

The $18,000,000 advertising appropriation of one of the leading companies is said by advertising men to be the largest sum of money ever appropriated for the advertising of a single business.

June, 1929 THE CHALLENGE OF TOBACCO 631

Much of this advertising, according to the published reports and judging by what has already been done, is to have as its principal objective the conversion of women, old and young, and boys to the cigarette habit. The appeal to the public to use cigarettes in place

of sweets is a direct appeal to women who have the reducing craze.

One of the most vicious factors in the tobacco campaign is the attempt to induce young men and boys to become cigarette smokers, as witness the use of pictures and testimonials of leading athletes, motion picture stars, etc. When cigarette advertising contained pictures of middleaged men, it was bad enough, but now pictures of

young athletes are used along with the statements, purporting to come from them, praising the "virtues"of cigarettes and recommending their use.

As late as 1927 the tobacco people had many reasons why cigarettes were not advertised to women. Now women and boys are the

principal targets and in most cigarette advertisements today women are pictured as users of cigarettes.

An analysis of current tobacco advertising indicates clearly that the two most fertile fields in which the tobacco people hope to increase the use of cigarettes are, first, among women and girls, and second, among young men and boys. The appeal to smoke cigarettes

in order to "reduce"is clearly an appeal to women and girls, notPRAWN BY F. M. FOLLETT Reprinted by special permission from The Saturday Evening Post

of April 6; copyright 1929, by The Curtis Publishing Company.

"AND MAMMA'S LITTLE MAN WILL NEVER, NEVER SMOKE THE NASTY CIGARETTES, WILL HE?'

1929632 IMPROVEMENT ERA /.

withstanding the fact that occasionally some male of more or less prominence is induced to say that he smokes cigarettes in order to keep that may mean. "trim"—whatever

The use of testimonials and pictures of the athletic stars whose performances keep them in the public eye is a direct appeal to boys in their who are in the heroworship age. Herein lies teens—boys

one of the most serious phases of the tobacco problem.

The increase in the consumption of cigarettes has grown faster in the past ten years than ever before. Here is the record from 1914

to date: 1914 16,869,520,643 1915 17,980, 1 64,482 1916 --- 25,312,486,611 1917 35,355,860,177 1918 46,656,903,224 1919 53,119,784,232 1920.:. 47,430, 1 05,055

1921 52,099,529,826 1922 55,780,473,074 1923 6 6,733,896,288 1924 7 1,036,559,888 1925 - 79,979,763,871 1926 89,447,114,951 1 927 97, 1 76,607,484 1928 105,915,965,014 The goal of the tobacco people will soon be reached. Then

undoubtedly they will set a new one.

What Price Testimonials Exactly how much "celebrities"are being paid for "testimonials"will likely never be known, but some information is leaking through advertising channels which serves as a guide. "$1000

and up"is the title of an article in a leading advertising magazine which has created a nationwide discussion of the "tainted testimonial."$25,000 is the reported price of the endorsement of

King Alfonso of Spain. Amelia Earheart, noted woman flier, according to a leading confectioner's journal, admits receiving $1500

for "endorsing"a cigarette, but, she explained, her smoking was limited to three in a year and that she was not at the time she gave the endorsement, and is not now, a regular smoker. Her only reason

for giving the testimonial was to aid the expedition of Commander

Byrd and the check was promptly passed on for that purpose. Her

statement has opened a general discussion of the credibility of the cigarette "testimonials"now being published. "Dishonest,"

"fraudulent,""fantastic publicity,""tainted,""raw,""buncombe,""hokum,""wanton,""unethical,""heroes with feet of clay"and "gullible public"are terms appearing frequently in advertising pubJune. 1929 THE CHALLENGE OF TOBACCO 633

lications describing the flood of "endorsements"now appearing.

Much of this seems justified in view of the effect of this sort of material upon advertising in general and the information now available regarding many of the testimonials.

Two glaring examples are in point. A popular male moving

picture star first endorsed a new brand of chocolates made in Los

Angeles and almost before the ink was dry on his candy testimonial, he is alleged to have told the world via radio that he "reaches for a cigarette and passes up the sweets."Which testimonial should we

believe? Then there is the story of the famous sea captain, who,

in one of the most ridiculous testimonials of the lot, endorsed a widely advertised cigarette as being a "life saver,"almost, during the rescue of the Florida. He is reported to have been asked, as he

lighted a cigarette at a banquet, if he really smoked the cigarette he had endorsed so highly. After looking at the package he admitted

that he was smoking another brand entirely but that his preference was really for a third make. What price testimonials? What price

honor?

To think that men who have accomplished great things in their chosen fields would, for a few paltry dollars, permit their names to be used for the purpose of inducing young men and women to become cigarette addicts and in many cases endorsing cigarettes which they do not even smoke!

Some of the testimonials bring to mind the story of the boy who stuttered. In giving a "testimonial,"or endorsement, of a

physician to a fellowstutterer, he said, "Gu, gu, gu, go to Du, du, doctor Tripett, he cu, cu, cured, mu, mu, me."

Fortunately, and to their lasting credit and honor, many of our finest artists, athletes and other leading persons refuse to become parties to such practices. Katherine Cornell, famed actress, refused

$11,000 for a cigarette "testimonial."Sinclair Lewis refuses even

to consider testimonials and the story of Lindbergh's action is well known., If space permitted, the whole story of deception, heartlessness and disregard, both for common decency and honesty in connection with the cigarette testimonial campaign, might be presented with beneficial results. Certainly our young people should be warned in

such a manner as to prevent them from taking seriously the absurd and deceptive statements made.

Is There a Limit to Audacity?

Unless young people are warned there is danger that even these ridiculous statements may be believed. There seems to be no virtue

that is not now being claimed for the modern "coffin nail."When

June, 19Z9634 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cigarettes are advertised as "good for the throat,""an aid in reducing,"a means of "steadying the nerves,"an antidote for coughing, and what not, one wonders if there is a limit to the audacity of the cigarette interests. With the highest priced advertising writers and artists in their service and indications that conscience is on a

vacation, every desirable trait conceivable is being claimed for "fags,"regardless of how untrue and even silly the claims may be. The

alarming and regrettable thing is that the most absurd claims are accepted by millions of people as an excuse, at least, for indulging in the disgusting and demoralizing cigarette habit.

The Climax or the Beginning?

Lest some may have reached the conclusion that the attempt to convert America into a nation of tobacco slaves has reached its height, it should be pointed out that indications already discernible and unmistakable are that the tobacco offensive is just beginning.

The "Permissible Pipe"is a subject of an extensive campaign already announced for the purpose of making pipes "proper"in restaurants and other public places. An entirely new brand of

cigarettes, encouraged, no doubt, by the success of the past few years, has just made its successful "debut"in the East. Others may be

expected to follow. The cigar manufacturers, stimulated both by

the inroads being made into their businesses by cigarettes and the success of the radical campaigns of the cigarette people, are inaugurating national campaigns with the most seductive appeals imaginable.

Opposition is Crystalizing Fortunately the picture is not without some encouraging features. The insult to American intelligence is gradually being impressed upon the consciousness of the people. Naturally the candy

and sweetfood industries are up in arms. They are rapidly being

organized into effective fighting units and already results are beginning to show.

The president of the National Confectioners Association has accepted the gage of battle and is prepared to lead his forces into the fray. In a statement to the candy industry he says:

"We have relied considerably upon conferences, preferring to right the wrong this way than to enter into a more open fight if possible to avoid it.

However, let me assure the confectioners that we stand ready to put drastic measures into effect if we are unable to remedy the situation amicably.

"The cigarette manufacturer has not yet had to experience a direct campaign in the advertising columns against the use of his product, yet he apparently expects us to accept meekly this thrust into the vitals of our business.

We most certainly will not. Every sensible person knows that we have let the

cigarette manufacturers run wild with claims of benefits to be gained by cigarJune, 1929 THE CHALLENGE OF TOBACCO 635

ette smoking which in no case can be substantiated but may be easily proved false by the best scientific minds of the world.

"There is no habit of the American people more open to attack from the standpoint of health, from the standpoint of personal efficiency and from the standpoint of the health of future generations than that of cigarette smoking.

For us to launch a direct attack on cigarettes and their demoralizing effect upon those that use them, would destroy the cigarette industry. * * * There is

not the slightest trace of truth or foundation, in fact, for any claim ever made by any cigarette manufacturer that cigarettes are beneficial to the human body or mind and we can easily wage our campaign along these lines and tell nothing but the truth."

Producers of sugar, candy, honey, molasses, ice cream and other sweet foods, candy dealers, druggists and supply men, with fifteen national associations included, are already organized and plans are well in hand to combat the cigarette evil in an effective manner.

Medical authorities, health authorities, athletic coaches, church leaders and womens'clubs all over the country are becoming aroused.

The advertising fraternity is up in arms because of the detrimental effect the cigarette campaign is exerting, destroying public confidence in all advertising.

The St. Louis Post Dispatch editorially flays the tobacco campaign and adds this significant statement:

"It is unlikely, we think, that the cigarette people can put themselves out of business as the distiller and brewer did, but they can arouse a public opinion which will demand regulation of their advertising even to the point of censorship and they are on their way to do just that."

Other publishers are joining in the fight. The International

Advertising Association has been appealed to and before the year is over it appears likely that the real character of the tobacco business will be brought into the limelight and, let us hope, the truth of the curse of the use of tobacco will be placed before the people.

In the meantime tobacco in cigarettes, cigars and pipes is being flaunted before our young people as never before. It is being given

qualities in its advertising that have never before been dreamed of. The tobacco people have laid down a real challenge. They have

defied ethics, decency and truth. This challenge is not to us alone.

It is to all the American people. Will they accept it? Will the

Latterday Saints accept it? Are we going to sit idly by and submit

to the greed of the tobacco barons while our boys and girls, our sweethearts and wives, mothers, become and—Heaven forbid—our

slaves to nicotine?

Are we, who believe tobacco to be poisonous, to be injurious to the body, detrimental to morals and a violation of the word of

God as revealed in our day, to ignore the challenge of tobacco and permit our young men and women to be drawn into its satanic power, or are we to accept the challenge and redouble our efforts

June. 1929636 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to offset its attack by placing the truth before our young people and by showing them the actual results of falling victims to the pernicious tobacco habit?

With the foregoing facts before us there can be but one answer.

The Biggest Sucker in the World

Brother Willard D. Spires, of the Yellowstone stake presidency, recently

asked a tobacco salesman how many cigarettes a day an ordinary smoker uses.

He was told that twelve, each about three inches long, is the average, and from that he makes the following figures: 36 inches, or three feet, of tobacco each

day; 252 inches, or 21 feet, each week; 1,095 inches, or 91 1/12 feet, each

month; 13,140 inches, or 1,095 feet, each year. Surely the man who sucks that

much tobacco into his system annually is the biggest sucker in the world.

A Unique Pageant By Harvey L. Taylor

On a carefully selected and beautiful ject that I have ever had anything to spot fifteen miles out on the Arizona do with to date.

desert, our Red Knolls pageant was The accompanying photograph will presented. More give you a meager

than twelve hunconception of the dred people were beauty of the in attendance, and place, but it would the performance take many photonetted us $800. graphs, and done

It was an inspiring in fanciful colors, presentation. All to convey anymembers of the thing like an'adefaculty of the Gila quate idea of our

College and every surroundings.

student were either Over two hunin the opera or on dred boys took the committees, part in the Gila and every commitCollege Powtee functioned perWow this year, fectly. and more than

Though the three hundred peoplace selected for ple were present.

the presentation A beautiful outwas so isolated, ofdoor campfirc everything went as court of honor smoothly as it was the crowning could have done in feature, at which a well arranged time the first Eagle and convenient Scout, a member auditorium. We of the Gila Colhad a lighting sysSCENE OF THE RED KNOLLS PAGEANT lege troup, played

tem come all the a prominent part.

way from Phoenix, 187 miles. It A publicspirited citizen donated a

required 5000 feet of wire to wire the gigantic flagpole to be dedicated to the stage. I consider it the greatest profirst Eagle Scout, Jimmy Anderson.

Brigham Young's Testimony By His Daughter Susa Young Gates

Joseph Smith was a humble follower of the Savior, so likewise was Brigham Young. He added to that passionate deAS

votion to the Master a fervent loyalty to the mission and message of the new witness for Christ, the Prophet Joseph Smith.

Brigham was 31 years old when converted to "Mormonism."

He had long been a student of the scriptures and ancient prophecies.

From the hour he struck hands with Joseph, he was his friend and supporter. Church history demonstrates that loyalty. No greater

proof of the majesty of the Prophet's character and the lofty standard of his message ever came to me in the days of my youth than the love and profound respect felt by my father for him.

Father did not appear prominently in Church events and history until after the martyrdom. My study of those early scenes, the

corroborating testimony of such men as Presidents Wilford Woodruff and George Q. Cannon, together with that of my dear Aunt

Emily Partridge SmithYoung, have convinced me of his devotion.

Subsequent historians have featured him in those early days, because of his later life's history. He was intensely loyal then to his adored

leader, whose own close associates weakened at times, and some of them apostatized. But Brigham Young never wavered. He stood

at the gateway of deceit and betrayal, by some of the Church leaders, and denounced them bitterly. He even horsewhipped one apostate

who was crying in the Kirtland streets. "Joseph is a fallen prophet."

All this I did not know in my youth. I only saw my own

father as supreme leader that he was, "pioneer, statesman, prophet,"as his memorial tablet recently prepared declares.

My father was not only loved and honored by the people; he

was adored by his own large family. They might, at times, disagree

with each are all none of them, neither other—we human—but

wife nor child, ever disagreed with him as far as I ever heard. And

that not because of fear. Oh, no, never fear! But because we loved

him so well, and he loved us so devotedly.

When I was in my early twenties and struggling to get a testimony of the truth, I went to my father with my problem. He did

not argue with me: he did not quote scripture. He said simply:

"There is only one way, daughter, that you can get a testimony, and that is the way your mother got hers and the way I got mine.

Go down on your knees in humble prayer, and God will answer your petition."

J>. '9Z9638 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I spoke about his greatness and his wondrous life, and expressed my gratitude that I had been permitted to come to earth as his and my mother's child. he was my wonderful ideal, and he had He—Oh,

so powerful a testimony. I longed to have one like his.

"My daughter, what am I?"he said humbly. "If it hadn't

been for the message of Joseph Smith, I would today be a carpenter in a country village."

And then he added solemnly:

"Sooner than do anything to lose my testimony of the Gospel of Jesus Christ and the mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith, I would be cut into inch pieces every night of my life and put together again to take up the labors of the day."

His last words on earth as he was falling asleep in the arms of death were: "Joseph, Joseph, Joseph, Joseph!"

His face was transfigured with the joy of that heavenly reunion.

Can I doubt his testimony?

Why? "Why,"asked my daughter, "do people like Pearl and her husband pass through such poverty? They have struggled with sickness, have lost their

children by death, and now she herself is a paralytic. They have been such

true Latterday Saints all their lives. Other Saints, equally faithful and

devoted, have all manner of afflictions thrust upon them. Why should these

things be?"

"I cannot answer your questions,"I replied, "except to remind you that if all the good people were happy, healthy and wealthy, there would be no bad people. It wouldn't pay. Then where would our—SusaagencyYoungcome in?"Gates.

Your Mission

(Originally written to Elder Weston N. Norgren, laboring in England)-

To take a soul from out the world of strife,

That does not sense the purpose of life,

And lead it to religion's truth and light,

Is greater than the deeds of worldly might.

That soul in turn shall teach the human need,

And spread the influence of your kindly deed,

And thus your work shall life and leaven be To many souls in time—eternity.

N. Lund.—C.

Character of President Brigham Young

By Dr. John T. Miller

INhamcelebratingYoung, thethebirthdaytime is opportuneof the greattopioneercall attentionof the West,to the Brighigh estimate of him given by the leading students of human nature in America who were personally acquainted with him.

The Science of Life, by Prof. O. S. Fowler, issued in 1873, contains a photo of President Young and above his head are printed the

words, "Nearly Perfect Manhood."He is classed with George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Bismarck and other leading characters of

the world. In his book, Human Science, issued during the life of

Brigham Young, Prof. Fowler describes the human temperaments

and then says: "Brigham Young had this union of all the temperaments, large yet equal. He is about six feet high, yet perfectly symmetrical, though a little way off he seems too stocky. He is broad

from one shoulder to the other, yet also deep through from breast bone to shoulder blades, and his chest runs far down besides. In

1 843 he and most of his present apostles came incognito under my hands, and when I came to him, putting my hands on his immense chest, I exclaimed: 'You, sir, have vital force sufficient to live a

hundred and fifty years.'He is very broadbuilt yet sharpfeatured,

and has a muscular system of remarkable power; besides being very

florid thus embodying all the conditions of true greatness or tremendous power of body and mind, and only one thus organized could have accomplished what he has. His organization corrected

and greatly enhanced my estimation of him."

The best book on the human temperaments that has been written is by D. H. Jacques, M. D., first issued more than half a century

ago. He devoted a part to "The Mormon Leader."He makes many

favorable remarks about the character of Brigham Young and concludes with this statement: "The basis of his character lay in his

massive trunk, the neverfailing source of that vital affluence which sustains, vivifies, warms, and quickens body and brain alike. The

superstructure had the strength of sinew and the force of character imparted by the muscular constitution, and the intellectual ability and moral influence which come from a strongly developed and well balanced mental organization. The base of the brain was heavy

and the neck short and thick, giving the propensities great power and activity, but the high coronal region furnished the strong will and the high moral principles calculated to hold them in check."

During the life of President Young, C. R. Savage of Salt Lake

June, 1929640 IMPROVEMENT ERA

City, the wellknown photographer, sent a photo of that great pioneer to Fowler & Wells Company of New York. They exhibited

it at their studio on Broadway and wrote a long article about it, from which the following is quoted:

"Looked at without the name, what would be the general impression which this likeness would make on the observer? Would

he infer that he represents an essentially good man, or an essentially bad man? Without prejudice, bias, or preconceived opinion, reader,

what would your judgment as to the leading traits of this character be?

"The photograph from which we copy is a recent one and has been exhibited to large numbers of persons who have called at our office at Broadway and the question has been put to each one on handing him the likeness, 'What do you think of this?'The following indicate the general character of the answers we have received:

'He looks like a good, fatherly sort of a man.''A strong and sensible

intellect.''An exceedingly energetic character.''A man with a will

and a way of his own.''Kind, but very decided.''A man of

ability and resolution.'And so on, each inferring what he could

from the expression.

"Having met the man, and taken his measure years ago, we are prepared to speak more definitely and in detail of this remarkable personage. "First, he is a large, heavy man, weighing not far from 200 pounds, with a broad, firm, deep and capacious chest, well filled out in all the vital powers; with lungs, heart, circulation and digestion almost perfect. And on such a physical basis we find as a superstructure, a very large exceeding 23 inches in cirbrain—somewhat

cumference, and it is broad, high and round. Of course, with such

a build and temperament it must be large at the base. There are

strong social feelings with the affections and love of home. He is

eminently selfrelying. Though born with the spirit of a captain,

he is not arrogant, overdignified or at all distant, but rather easy, familiar and quite approachable.

"Among the moral sentiments, which are certainly strongly marked in him, the strongest is veneration, while hope and spirituality are also strong. He will be kind to friends, family, the youth, and

indeed to all his household and people. He is a natural orator, a wit,

an actor, and he may be said to be a perfect mimic. If educated

for or trained to either writing or speaking, he would do it fluently.

He also has great power of discrimination and can read character intuitively. Considering his age, the hardships he has endured, the

pioneer life he had led, the cares which he has assumed, and the difJane, 1929 CHARACTER OF PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUNG 641

Acuities he has had to contend with, he is an exceedingly healthy and wellpreserved old man.

"In almost any position in life, such an organization—with

such a make itself felt and would become a temperament—would

power within itself. Were the question put as to the most suitable

occupation or pursuit we would reply: Being qualified for it by education, he could fill any place, from that of a justice of the peace to

that of a commander, a judge, a representative, a senator, a diplomatist, or ambassador, down to that of a business man. He would

make a good banker, a merchant, a manufacturer, or a mechanic. He

has all the faculties required to fill any place or post in private or in professional life. God will hold him accountable for the right use

of a full measure of talents. His accountability and responsibility

will be in exact accord with his capability, which is much above that of the average man."

Many more favorable statements regarding the character of President Young have testified to the accuracy of the statements made about his character by these eminent students of human nature at a time when his reputation was not as good as it is now. The science of human nature gives the ability to tell whether

the reputation of a person fits his character or not. Its principles are

expressed in the Sunday School song, "We are sowing, daily sowing, countless seeds of good or ill. * * * In our words and looks

and actions lie the seeds of death and life."The same truth is expressed in the following lines by the poet:

The human face I love to view And trace the passions of the soul,

On it the spirit writes anew Each changing thought as upon a scroll.

There the mind its evil doings tells,

And there its noblest deeds do speak

Just like the ringing of the bells

Proclaim a knell or wedding feast.

How beautiful Love's features are.

Enthroned on Virtue's radiant face.

Like some jewel bright and rare,

Worn by the fairest of the race.

But vice and hatred, how they mar

The form and face of man!

And from the choicest pleasures bar

All who fail to do the good they can.

The students of human nature read the character of President

Young and said most favorable things about him at a time when his reputation suffered most. The character is what one is, the

reputation is what others think about one.

Champion Swimmer and "Mormon"Missionary By Prof. H. R. Merrill

WIMMING pools are strange places and bathing suits strange garb in which to engage in a discussion of "Mormonism"and the people of Utah, but to the missionary all places and all garbs are suitable for such a purpose.

Elmer Millet, champion breaststroke paddler for Brigham Young University last year, found himself in Paris, France, filling a mission for the

Latterday Saint Church. Having a deep love for the bathing

pool, Elder Millet received permission from his president to swim frequently at one of the gymnasium tanks of the city.

His trim build, his expertness at entering the water, his perfect strokes attracted the eye of a swimming coach who immediately spoke to the young

American and asked him about himself. That interview follows in this article.

Millet later swam for one L. Elmer Millet of the Paris clubs and succeeded

in taking points for his team.

Through this contact he made some good friends to whom he explained the Gospel.

Elmer Millet is of a family of twelve children, one of whom is dead. The other girls and six in Provo eleven—five boys—live

with their parents and are all working toward an education and missions, according to Effie Burr Millet, their mother, fortysix years of age.

Last year young Millet worked a full shift at the Knight

June, 1929 CHAMPION SWIMMER 643

Woolen Mills at night, went to school and swam in the afternoons.

In this way he built up a surplus of between three and four hundred dollars as a start toward his missionary fund. Knowing that money

comes hard at home he is living economically in France and is carrying on his labors in a splendid manner, according to reports which have come from his district presidents.

"We have two boys who have reached college age,"Mrs.

Millet said. "They are now

working hard to be ready to enter the B. Y. U. next fall. I

hope I can do as well as my mother. She had thirteen children, all of whom except two

married in the temple. All are

still living."

The interview, which appeared in one of France's three largest papers, follows. It is

rather crudely translated, but the sense is clear.

Champion Swimmer and "Mormon"Missionary An interview in bathing suits, at the swimming pool, by Henry Musnik, in "U Intransigeant"A pretty athlete. Stature

not beyond the average, but shoulders broad and powerful, waist narrow, and muscles revealing their force and flexibility.

L. Elmer Millet

He climbed to the springbreast-stroke Champion, Brigham Young University board, to the height of the first floor. A spring. An Impeccable flight. He entered into the water without making a splash. Just before, his crawl stroke and his breast

stroke had been remarkable. This man was surely a champion.

The swimming teacher, accustomed to seeing the great aces of swimming, demanded the name of this stranger, and he answered:

"I beg your pardon?"

It was at this precise moment that I offered myself as a benevolent interpreter and, as the sport forms a fraternity among its adepts, (there is the true League of Nations!) two minutes later we

Jam. ">#644 IMPROVEMENT ERA

were gossiping like two old friends. Sporting subjects naturally.

"I am from Utah,"he told me. "Champion of the universities

of the said country. But I should not be champion if I did not

practice once in a while. The sport is a remarkable way to develop

a healthy base for a brain that one wishes to cultivate."

"Utah? But that is the country of Salt Lake? The country

of the 'Mormons'?"

He smiled broadly.

"Why, yes."

"You must know of the 'Mormons'? Those droll people who

have several wives."

He smiled again but this time with melancholy.

"Are you sure of that? And why do you believe that the

'Mormons'are 'droll people'as you say? What do you think

of me?""You? Very good, very sporty. But why? You do not resemble a 'Mormon', as I know, you are a gentleman as should be.

Have you read Le Lac Sale?"

He looked at me with a very serious air. seeming to meditate

for a few seconds, and said, "I am a 'Mormon,'I am a missionary charged to propagate the Gospel."

We were, both of us, in swimming suits. The vast pool hall,

bright and merry served as a setting for this scene. Around us, with

peals of laughter, passed and repassed the bathers, running and pursuing one another. In the water, the swimmers were playing. All

breathed of life, of pleasure, and of movement. And this man who,

just a few minutes before had proved to me what a remarkable champion he was, tranquilly said:

"I am a 'Mormon'missionary."

But then, they are like everybody else, the 'Mormons'! They

love that which we love, they respect that which we respect!

"We are very much misunderstood in Europe, there are great injustices to correct,"said he.

Thereupon we sat down at the edge of the water, and he told me: "Polygamists? In 1897 [1890], the practice was prohibited.

Whosoever should have more than one wife amongst us today will be excommunicated. And then we were so few, formerly! Not even

such it it. This3% of our men entered grief—if was—should

not be invoked against the 'Mormons'."

"What is your belief? What are your articles of faith?"

"Our belief? Why, that of every human faithful to God. We

must be honest, chaste, true, good, virtuous, and do good."

"You believe in Christ?"

.

iuml929 CHAMPION SWIMMER 645

"Yes, we believe that he will return to take over the direction of the tribes of Israel, in Zion, rebuilt in America."

"But then, if you believe in the rebirth of Zion, you approach

Judaism?""Perhaps, why should we not take from each religion that which is of the best to inspire our own?"

And with these words, marked with profound and wise philosophy, my interlocutor arose.

Then I remembered that we were at the swimming pool, and that "Mormonism"did not hinder my friend from being an ace.

For just then he took off with a dive and accomplished his fifty meters in twentynine seconds, which, for the initiated, signifies something more than ordinary.

Henry Musnik is a writer for L'Intransigeant as well as many other papers and magazines in France, and is the swimming instructor for the "Club de Natation de Paris"at the "Piscine de la

Gare."—Translation by L. E. M.

Fruits of Clean Living By B. Ira Judd

"Yesterday was 'Mormon'Day at was the headline of the Tucson"—such

Tucson Republican the morning after the first round of the state high school basketball tournament had been fought, February 27. Every team that came

through to win the laurels was one that represented a "Mormon"town.

The State Championship Cup was won by a "Mormon"team from St.

Johns-. Arizona. A surprising feature was that not once did this team have to

call "time out"for a breathing spell. They always displayed more reserve

than their opponents. To what was this due? Surely not to their longer

practice periods, for they held no longer practices than others. It was due to

the mode of living these young men had followed and which had been practiced by their forebears. They reaped the benefits of living the Word of Wisdom.

The same team used one other principle of "Mormonism"to help them was prayer. Just before the play commenced, it was noticed thatwin—this

these boys got together as players do, just before going into a game, and seemed to offer a silent prayer to the Giver and Protector of all (at least this was thought to be the case by the bystanders and rooters) "Mormon"athletics are coming into their own.

Challenge to A M Men By John F. Bowman, Mayor of Salt Lake City and Chairman

of the M Men Committee of the General Board last September, of visiting the Southern Utah HAD the pleasure, wonders and being present at the dedication of Bryce CanyonI National Park, and also of attending the dedicatory exercises that were held at the Union Pacific Lodge on the north rim of the

Grand Canyon.

The party, numbering about 200, was made up largely of business and professional men, and public officials, of the western states, including our beloved Presidents Grant and Ivins. The

visitors were guests of Mr. Carl R. Gray, president of the Union

Pacific Railroad Company. They gathered from their respective

sections at Cedar City, from which point they made the trip to

Zion's National Park, and from these by way of Pipe Springs to the Union Pacific Lodge on the north rim of the Grand Canyon, then back to Bryce Canyon and from there over the Kolob Plateau to Cedar Breaks, thence back to Cedar City. The caravan passed

through many of our "Mormon"settlements, the transportation used being the regular busses of the Utah Parks Company. These

busses were handled by as fine a group of young men as the world produces, all of them being students of the University of Utah, the

Brigham Young University at Provo, or the Agricultural College at

Logan, and all "Mormon"boys. Most of them were M Men.

So far as I could learn there wasn't a smoker in the group of twentyfive or thirty young men, and they were such outstanding specimens, both physically, intellectually, and morally that they were frequently the subject of comment and conversation of all in the party, and were also recipients of gifts of appreciation in which all of the 200 guests participated.

At Zion's National Park a large group of very attractive, intelligent, and beautiful young ladies, gathered largely from the settlements of Southern Utah, most of them college and high school girls, as well as Gleaner Girls of the M. I. A., did the serving at

the tables. They also did part of the entertaining, in the way of

singing on the evening program, and very impressively sang for the guests, as they were departing the following morning, one of our "Mormon"hymns, which has been adopted as the official Zion's

National Park Song, viz: "Our Mountain Home So Dear."

Every feature of the trip from the beginning to the end was tied into the colonization of the West and necessarily, of course, to

June. 1929 A CHALLENGE TO M MEN 647

the "Mormon"Church, its leaders, and people. This was evidenced

time and again by numerous calls on President Grant and President

Ivins for stories and information concerning many points of Church history. I think our leaders have never been more signally honored

or appreciated than were Presidents Grant and Ivins on this trip, by the many outstanding men of affairs in the party. It was evident

to everyone that the history of the colonization of the Intermountain

West is very largely a history of the "Mormon"Church in the West.

These great Southern Utah and Northern Arizona parks, together with our settlements all around them, will carry to the world the great, romantic, dramatic, and many times thrilling and tragic story of our pioneer builders, as nothing else will.

For every visitor we have to these Southern wonders now, we will have a hundred within the next ten or fifteen years. People

will surely come from the ends of the earth to visit these outstanding places, as their glories and charm are heralded abroad by those who have seen and been enthralled by them. These visitors will hear the

story of the building of the West and the tremendous part taken in it by our "Mormon"empire builders. What an opportunity to give a

correct and favorable impression of our State and its people! But

(hey are going to judge us, not entirely by what they hear, but also by what they see, and the eye ofttimes carries more convincing proof, and gives a more lasting impression to a casual visitor than does the ear. What can we do, then, to create the proper impression? Many

things might be suggested, but the one to which I want particularly to call attention is the condition of our premises up and down the highways over which our visitors travel, and in the cities and towns through which they travel.

Church leaders have urged the cleaning up of our premises for more than sixty years, but still we have many unsightly and unnecessary outbuildings, brokendown fences, dilapidated barns and sheds, corrals and pigsties, dead trees, unkempt and unkept yards, which offend the aesthetic ideas of many of our visitors and leave them with a very unfavorable impression of our people, largely offsetting the tremendous impression of the dauntless spirit and heroic courage of our early colonists and pioneers and their work. Can

we afford to have a single visitor leave with an unfavorable impression of our State and people, if reasonable effort will avoid it?

It is not intended to give the impression that the premises in our settlements are generally in the condition herein indicated, but some of these conditions exist in most places. There were some very

noticeable and outstanding exceptions, where every fence was in repair, every house, barn, and outbuilding painted and every yard in an inviting condition, and these places were the subject of very

June. 1929648 IMPROVEMENT ERA

favorable comment by the visitors. They produced a lasting, favorable impression. Wouldn't it be a fine thing if everyone of our

towns could be placed in such a condition? How can we do it?

Let a civic pride campaign be inaugurated throughout the State and let the responsibility of organizing the campaign and carrying it orthrough to a successful conclusion be assumed by the M Men ganization of the town or district. The stake organization can function as a unit with supervisory responsibility over all organizations

within the stake. These organizations can probably get the Commercial Clubs and other clubs to cooperate in a cleanup, paintup,

and beautification program.

I feel sure if the will assume responsibility of this M Men work, that it will be accomplished to their credit and honor for all it? Can you contime. Now, M Men, what do you think about

ceive of a better project? Here is a real opportunity for service to

your city, to your community, to your Church. Let's accept the

challenge and build a monument to the initiative ability and interest in things worth while to our young manhood.

Golden Hair

When grandfather crossed the plains,

Weary, one day, he stopped to rest,

And saw strands of golden hair,

Twisted and tangled in the brush.

The bars of his heavy handcart dropped:

He paused to finger the gold in the leaves.

To stroke and twine the silken threads,

Gleaming and netted from twig to twig.

Grandfather's tired head bent down,

His lips touched the brightness there:

The carts creaked on and passed him by,

And the plain was gray and still.

He had left his own little girl,

A little one with golden hair,

Shallowburied on the banks of old Missouri

And her English mother sleeping there.

Salt Lake City, Utah MRS. VESTA P. CRAWFORD

An Exciting Test of Scout Skill

By A. L. Kelley, Superintendent Moapa Stake Y. M. M. I.

A. and Superintendent of Schools Educational

District No. 1

Note: I have gone over the scene of the incident, and know intimately all

the persons who participated. I have talked with each of the principals and

verified by checking and rechecking every phase of the story. I therefore unhesitatingly vouch for the accuracy of every statement made therein. (Overton,

Nevada, April 13, 1929.) The Author.

COUTING has again proved its effectiveness in a highly unique and dramatic way.

Time, May 17, 1928; place.

Bunkerville, Nevada. Mrs. Cleone

Pulsipher, helping her aged father with the repair of a mowing machine, was called to the house by her mother. She complied but

left her little twoyear-old girl with the grandfather. When the

immediate household duties were completed, she thought of her girl and called to her father and inquired about the child. The child

was not there and her father did not know where it had gone. Repeated calls brought no response,

RESCUERS AND RESCUED and hurried search brought no

Left to right: Willie Eaton. Aschel Leavitt. result.

Byrel Pulsipher (baby). Between the place of work

and the house, ran an irrigation canal carrying about two feet of water, over which a wide plank was used for a bridge. The mother

of the child ran to this bridge, but saw no trace of the child. Filled

with fear she ran along the canal, searching as she went. About

twenty rods below the bridge and a few yards ahead of her, she saw what she thought was a piece of cloth momentarily catch on a willow but immediately disappear. Brush and trees obstructed passage, so she jumped over the canal, ran around the brush, and sprang

into the stream below, just in time to see the cloth come to the surface again. She grabbed it and pulled up the lifeless body of her

little girl. Griefstricken, she scrambled out of the canal and ran

toward the house with the child in her arms, crying for help.

1929650 IMPROVEMENT ERA Jm*.

Scout Aschel Leavitt and his father were working in a field about fifty rods away. Hearing the mother's cry for help, Aschel

ran across the fields to see what had happened and to give aid. His

father being slow on foot mounted a horse and rode through the field and around by the road, a distance of nearly half a mile. Willie

Eaton, another scout and a cousin of the drowned child, heard the cry also and ran from another direction. Both scouts arrived on

the scene about the same time.

The women folk and the grandfather had secured a barrel and were rolling the body on it. Willie said, "Let us take the body,

grandpa. We are trained in scouting to do that kind of work."

There was some objection, but the scouts saw that the body was turning blue and that time was precious. It was evident that the

older folk didn't know what to do. So Willie slipped under the

women's arms and in front of them, took the child from the barrel, and began to work. However, Aschel, being the larger and older

boy, assumed control. He called for a quilt, folded it, put it down

in the middle of the street where they were, placed the child face downward on the quilt with a small folded blanket under the abdomen and the head slightly turned, and began artificial respiration, using the Schafer method of resuscitation.

Very soon Aschel's father arrived on horseback. There being

no doctor in the town, the group thought of the scoutmaster, Mr.

L. C. Schank. as the best available help. So Mr. Leavitt was sent

to the home of the scoutmaster, but Mr. Schank was not there. He

was directed elsewhere, and so went from place to place, hurriedly telling the story and asking for Mr. Schank. He finally learned that

the latter had gone to Mesquite, so he returned to the scene of action.

said half of the people of Bunker-A large crowd had gathered—some

ville. The child had not yet shown any signs of reviving.

In the meantime as the crowd gathered, Aschel kept faithfully at his task. The grandfather watched excitedly for a few minutes;

and then, saying "That isn't doing any good, the child will die if we don't do something else,"he reached down, took up the child and started to run. Aschel quickly caught him, by main strength

took the little girl from him and hurried back to the quilt and the resuscitation. And so they continued their work. Aschel applying

the artificial respiration and Willie kneeling at the head wiping away the water as it came from the body and keeping the mouth free so that breathing would be unobstructed.

The crowd increased in size. Protests against continued effort,

suggestions for other treatment, and attempts to interfere came from all sides; but coolheaded persons in the crowd insisted that the

scouts were doing well and should be allowed to continue. The

June. 1929 AN EXCITING TEST OF SCOUT SKILL 65

boys ignored them all, confident that their scout instruction is sound.

They just put their heads down, paid no attention to the crowd, and worked on.

Again the grandfather's patience was exhausted, again he slipped in and grabbed up the child to take it away, and again

Aschel took it from him by force and continued resuscitation. After

twentyfive or thirty minutes the child gave its first cry, and Aschel said, 'Ah, now it is beginning to come."

As he worked on, signs of revival became more frequent. When

he thought it had about recovered, he tested the heart, but decided the heart beat was still too weak. He permitted Willie to continue artificial respiration. However, Willie's operation did not

quite suit Aschel, so he again took over the work. When he decided the pulse was nearly normal, he called for strong warm

coffee.

Again the crowd protested. "Do not give that little child strong

coffee.""If you are going to give it coffee, make it weak,"etc. The

grandmother, however, by this time had confidence in the boys, knowing the coffee was intended as a medicine for a definite purpose, and soon procured some and had a pot of it ready for them. Aschel's

mother was present, so he asked her to take the child on her lap and give it the coffee. However, Aschel seemed to have a standard of

workmanship which the others didn't reach, at least in his opinion.

So he again took over the operation, telling his mother that he was afraid the child would swallow its tongue and choke if she continued in the way she was doing it. When he himself had administered the coffee, the little girl vomited up a large quantity of

water. He again tested its pulse, and being satisfied, he handed her

over to her mother saying. "Now I think she will be all right."

He who every morning plans the transactions of the day, and follows out that plan carries a thread that will guide him through the labyrinth of the most busy life. The orderly arrangement of his time is like a ray of light which darts

itself through all his occupations. But where no plan is laid, where the disposal of time is surrendred merely to the chance of incidents, all things lie

huddled together in one chaos, which admits of neither distribution nor review. Hugo.

Interpreting Some Ethical and Moral

Concepts Taught in the Doctrine and Covenants By A. C. Lambert, Assistant Professor of Secondary

Education, B. Y. U.

ANY of the teachings of the Doctrine and Covenants have helped our fathers and mothers to solve fundamental life problems. They may not have lost their potency for thisMgeneration.

By fundamental concepts is meant those underlying notions, ideals, principles, or "doctrines"which explain or give meaning to human living, and which give the underlying reasons for holding up certain actions as good and other actions as bad.

Youth perennially challenges the validity of the codes of its elders. And there are reasons. Youth is often much more concerned with living life than in explaining it, or in analyzing it in

terms of the future. Too often youth assumes that life is simple,

takes care of itself in the main, and needs no particular guidance from a generation whose race is nearly run. It seems equally true

that too often youth hears the codes of its elders thunderously and authoritatively pronounced, and less often intelligently explained.

There are various but none the less real reasons for moral uncertainty or even of moral skepticism on the part of young people.

But inevitably youth comes to see that problems have an uncanny way of popping up. They discover that problems just

will not stay down. Solutions must be found. Often these solutions are found at the level of mere impulse and sheer ignorance.

Often they are found at the level of haphazard and superficial thinking. The average young person prefers independent, though

often erroneous, thinking to that embarrassing state of docility which seems to accompany the asking or taking of advice from older people. Perhaps much of this youthful uncertainty and

skepticism is unnecessary and there is a way of making the hardwon wisdom of the race functional in the lives of the coming generation. Certainly there are rungs on the ladder of moral safety

which have been attained. And it is more than a fair assumption

that young people approaching maturity will make use of this truth if the ladder of righteousness can be shown to be soundly and inevitably grounded in the basic relationships of human living and not merely imposed as it were by unseen and inadequately underJune, 1929 INTERPRETING ETHICAL AND MORAL CONCEPTS 653

stood powers above. Knowledge of right and wrong does not insure

consequent right or moral conduct. Many people know right and

do not do it. It is also true that many forms of conduct, built up

in childhood and early youth on a purely habit level, become upset with the advent of wider social contacts and different intellectual experiences of early maturity. And mere broadcasting of the moral

codes, preaching, or expostulation, or even authoritative threatenings do not serve completely to set the compass of youth's moral ship when the open ocean of life with its bitter storms is faced.

Whether or not anyone given set of sailing directions will meet the need is not certain. This much seems sure, whether youth

finds its happiest life eventually in the adopted ways of the past generation, or whether it finds it in the ways of an entirely new set of codes, or in a combination of the two, it will move forward more rapidly in that direction which seems, in addition to any other desirable features, to be intellectually justifiable as well as authoritatively recommended.

Latterday Saints need make few apologies for the type of manhood and womanhood that their system of thought and belief has helped to produce. Men, tend to become about as great as their

fundamental outlooks upon life. Their actions are in the main

the concrete expressions of their codes of conduct and their philosophy of values. The lives of a fine generation of "Mormon"men

and women must have had a good foundation. And a large part of

that fundamental lifeview and code of living which certainly helped to produce the character qualities of these men and women is to be found in their books of sacred writings, one of which is the Doctrine and Covenants. Many of these teachings have given profound

direction to the homes, the communities, and the educational institutions which set the stage for the formation of habits. And whether

the teaching or the presentation of ideals carries over very much into actual conduct or not in measurable quantities, it is certainly true that to fail to keep these ideals present and accessible to growing minds is to lose all possibilities of whatever directive or inspirational value they may really have. Many of the ethical and moral

teachings of the Doctrine and Covenants deserve to be interpreted and taught to young people. And if they are ever to become or

remain functional in the lives of these young people, who are continuously becoming thinking older people, these principles need to be interpreted in terms of the present, because of the prevalent incomplete understanding of their basic human worth, and because of the tendency exhibited by many young people to shun a study of them, since they are tied up very closely with profound religious concepts often mysterious and aweinspiring to youth.

654 IMPROVEMENT ERA /. in*

In the Doctrine and Covenants, as a whole, there seems to be a distinct theory about the nature of man and his place and purpose in the scheme of things and which in turn seems to give an explanation of why some lines of conduct are better than others and why they are the ones to which man continues to give allegiance. In other

words, there seems to be laid an interpretative basis for a sound system of moral and ethical thought, through the functioning of which man may build a worthful, happy life.

Three fundamental concepts found in this book will be used to illustrate these teachings, which have the qualities of rendering more meaningful certain of life's actions and of giving direction to conduct which meets the rational tests usually applied for "the good life."These three concepts used for illustrative purposes are (1)

the affirmation of the fundamental existence and worth of the individual, (2) the affirmation of the principle that the individual is an intelligent, and freechoosing agent upon whose acts hinges consequences, and (3) the inherent reality of a spiritual life in the present world.

Various teachings of the Doctrine and Covenants affirm the individual's existence as a real and not an illusory circumstance.

Typical extracts serve to indicate the fact:

Section 93:29—"Man was also in the beginning with God. Intelligence,

or the light of truth, was not created or made, nor indeed can be."Section 92:23—"Ye were also in the beginning with the Father; that

which is Spirit, even the Spirit of truth."Section 76:24—"That by him, and through him, and of him, the worlds

are and were created, and the inhabitants thereof are begotten sons and daughters unto God."Section 50:5—"But blessed are they who are faithful and endure,

whether in life or in death, for they shall inherit eternal life."Section 65:2—"The keys of the kingdom of God are committed unto

man on the earth * * * Section 18:10—"Remember the worth of souls is great in the sight of

God."

Here the individual is given a real and a dignified place in the scheme of things. It would seem to thinking people that any system of thought which does not make human personality of great

worth cannot long retain the admiration of human beings. If

failing to make human personality the focusing point wherever values are concerned, it will not long minister to that hope and that forwardlooking spirit which has played so fundamental a part in bringing man thus far along the road of culture, or civilization, and of spiritual worth.

The second concept, in this body of teachings about the inJune, 1929 INTERPRETING ETHICAL AND iMORAL CONCEPTS 655

dividual, centers around the principle that spiritual and intellectual freedom are necessary facts in any scheme of moral or ethical thought

Here are a few illustrative verses:

Section 93:2932—"Man was also in the beginning with God. Intelligence, or the light of truth, was not created nor made, neither indeed can be.

All truth is independent in that sphere in which God has placed it, to act for itself, as all intelligence also; otherwise there is no existence. Behold, here is

the agency of man, and here is the condemnation of man; because that which

was from the beginning is plainly manifest unto them, and they receive not the light. And'every man whose spirit receiveth not the light is under condemnation.

Section 20:32—"But there is a possibility that man may fall from grace

and depart from the living God * * *."Section 58:28—"For the power is in them, wherein they are agents unto

themselves * * * Section 98:8—"I, the Lord God, make you free. Therefore, ye are free

indeed; and the law also maketh you free."

Th is concept of man as a freechoosing, responsible moral agent is affirmed throughout this book with remarkable vigor and clarity.

Not only is the individual affirmed to be a real and truly existing being who is the concern of God and who possesses inherently the necessary characteristic of knowing, who has experiences, and who is intelligent and by reason of his experiences acquires power to comprehend and know truth, but he is affirmed to be in the possession of the power to choose his experiences. We believe the individual has the power to retain the results of experiences, and by

that power he builds up judgments of worthful and of undesirable things. But more fundamental than the affirmation of these qualities

which produce knowledge and intelligence, is the affirmation of the principle that for life to have any significance for intelligent persons they must have the power to choose between alternative lines of conduct. Life experiences do possess qualitative differences, and the

necessity for choice between the differing values is an inescapable fact of existence. To be consistent then, the individual must have not

only the power to learn truth, to see truth, to formulate truth, but he must have the power to discriminate between experiences as valuable and less valuable, and to choose in the light of that discrimination and choice. Without this necessary freedom of choice any system of thought held up to be permissive of real moral striving and

accomplishment becomes a mere mockery, a denial of man's inherent nature, and an eventual source of pessimism and despair to him.

Space permits us only to call attention to the crucial significance of this simple concept.

The complimentary aspect of this concept of free choice is the principle that upon the results of the individual's choice hinges

June. iw656. IMPROVEMENT ERA

growth or stagnation, achievement or loss, happiness or misery. With

choice goes necessarily the responsibility for consequences. As taught

in this book, this concept of responsibility, though set forth consistently in stern language, does not necessarily involve the notion that some vindictive agent waits continuously in unholy glee to enforce arbitrary punishments for poor choice, or that some agent waits to reward in some equally incongruous manner "good"choice.

But the trend of the entire group of teaching warrants the interpretation that man gets about as far as his experience permits and that consequences are in terms of ability to live an increasingly meaningful life as a result of choice which leads to the possession of these powers to appreciate.

It is easy in any system of thought which sets, up a notion of consequences to accent the negative side of the matter and constantly to direct attention to that which is lost through poor choice. This

is one outstanding limitation of the CalvinisticPuritan doctrine of hell as regenerative power in human life. An enduring system will

place the accent more properly in the direction which sets up worthful ends and which centers energies upon ways and means of their positive accomplishment. If one catches the spirit of the ethical teachings of the Doctrine and Covenants in a larger way, it seems to be

the spirit of forwardlookingness, of hope, of growth. It is a spirit

which affirms the necessity for man's striving mightily, but with the assurance that something can be gained. It places a wholesome significance upon the forwardlooking elements of experience. It teaches

that life can be continuously integrated at higher levels of experience and can be continuously reconstructed in the direction of more adequate realization of spiritual value and in the direction of a more complete realization of the forces which make man and the universe what they complementary aspects of the other. are—each

And it is in this affirmation of the inherent reality of hope, of striving, of aspiration, of idealism, of evaluation and the appreciation of values short, in the reality of spiritual life for man, attained,—in

that one finds the third necessary element in a system of thought which pretends to make human personality of worth and significance. The corollary of moral freedom and intelligence is the

reality of the spiritual life. Teachings which affirm this element are

present in the Doctrine and Covenants.

Section 66:12—"Continue in these things, even unto the end, and you

shall have a crown of eternal life at the right hand of my Father, who is full of grace and truth."Section 59:23—"But learn that he who doeth the works of righteousness

shall receive his reward, even peace in this world, and eternal life in the world to come."June, 1929 INTERPRETING ETHICAL AND MORAL CONCEPTS 657

Section 121:45—"Let thy bowels also be full of charity towards all men,

and to the household of faith, and let virtue garnish thy thoughts unceasingly;

then shall thy confidence wax strong in the presence of God * * *

Section 98: 1 1—-"And I give unto you a commandment, that ye shall forsake all evil, and cleave unto all good * * * Section 72:4—"For he who is faithful and wise in time is accounted

worthy to inherit the mansions prepared for him of my Father."Section 88:118—"And as all have not faith, seek ye diligently and teach

one another words of wisdom: yea, seek ye out of the best books words of

wisdom; seek learning even by study and also by faith."Section 4:6—"Remember faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience,

brotherly kindness, godliness, charity, humility, diligence."Section 88:125—"And above all things, clothe yourselves with the bond

of charity, as with a mantle, which is the bond of perfectness and peace."

An individual may exist, he may comprehend, he may make choices and he may experience greatly or barrenly as a result of his choice, but unless this individual can grow and increase in intelligence and in spiritual worth so that he can progressively realize the existing good in his own life and, in turn, create new value and new worlds of worthful experience to be sought for, he lacks that significant element which makes him of increasing worth and importance. And

this element is the reality of spiritual life and spiritual growth.

And so in the affirmation of these three simple concepts concerning the human individual, "(1) existence, (2) intelligence,"(3) freedom, responsibility, and growth, the teachings of the Doctrine and Covenants offer an opportunity for young people, who hold themselves to a thinking people, to find a rational and an enduring basis for moral confidence and moral life. And in these

relatively simple concepts there is provided an important combination of principles that seems to meet the rather important test of worthfulness as a rational system of ethical by living thought—that

them they render life meaningful, integrative, and full of those qualities of satisfaction, happiness, and inspiration that among all intelligent men in all ages have been characterized as the important things of the spirit.

To help make these principles increasingly clear to young people is a necessary obligation which rests upon every mature person in this Church. And to study thoroughly and honestly those concepts

which are the basis of the ethical and moral teachings of "Mormonism"is a necessary obligation which rests upon every young person in the Church who seeks intelligently to know the "Why"and the "Wherefore"of the codes of his elders. Much good grain may be

had for the winnowing.

Tribute to Father, or Maybe 'Tis to Mother By Harry W. Madsen

is made of "Mother's Day"each year. None but a UCH

craven could find fault with any such proceeding, be it ever so extravagant and anyone, but a sentimental—forMbachelor of soured years, will admit that the family yoke falls

heaviest on the woman of the house.

Marriage for the woman is a life's sentence, making mandatory upon her the surrender of much that she has previously enjoyed.

Girlish notions must be locked in memory's vault, to be peeped at occasionally; and who but a woman can interpret the emotion that

accompanies their recall? Let us pray that the hopes of girlhood

are not recalled with too much regret.

The other member of the marriage yoke goes blundering on, adding numbers to his name, if not much glory. Ignorant, too

often, of his wife's finer sensibilities, he is scant comfort to her. His

job, as he assumes it, is to look after the stomach of the household as the demand increases. The heart and head are left largely to

the mother's discretion.

Under such an arrangement it is small wonder man's calling in the home is counted for little except in times of famine and very cold weather. No doubt it is this arrangement which dictated the

policy of celebrating our greatest festival, Christmas, in the dead of winter, when we have most need of our Heavenly Father's bounty.

Tn April we are cocky enough to think we can take care of ourselves.

I don't know the attending circumstances which led to the observance of a Father's Day; but am strongly of the opinion it was

agitated by some tactful women in order to appease their jealous husbands. What won't women do in the interest of harmony in

the home?

The white carnation is the accepted flower for Mother's Day.

Sometimes it is a funeral tribute to all the fine things a woman has to bury, for the privilege of being the mother of children of uncertain propensities.

The Father's Day flower should be the bachelor button, conspicuously displayed to keep the wearers reminded of what they are not. Wives sometimes serve this same purpose, but they are not

always available in sufficient numbers on this occasion. The observance of this day is still too new to count for much, and it is even

contended that married men never have a day. It has been recorded

that one man whose wife was stricken with lockjaw was three days a. "29 TRIBUTE TO FATHER 659

getting the doctor. He afterward affirmed that these three days

were the most peaceful of all his married life.

Father in the home is stern justice; mother tempers justice with

mercy. Father is the ten commandments; mother, the Sermon on

the Mount. Father looks pleased when a son distinguishes himself;

mother tells him how pleased she is.

Mother scolds and cries when you disgrace yourself; father

looks dejected and sternly blows his nose.

When father does anything, all the world knows about it;

mother is so used to doing things she considers it not worth while to mention them. When father undertakes a domestic task the whole

house shakes; mother works all day without even waking the baby.

Father throws things right and left and then pours out vials of wrath because things never are where they can be found; mother

quietly picks up everything, and knows where to find them when needed.

When father has to give up a proposed trip or game he loudly heralds himself to be the most unselfish of mortals; mother, all her

days, knows nothing but sacrifice for others.

When father is stricken with a cold, he just knows he is going to die and the mothering he expects would make a baby blush. But

when mother is too sick even to crawl she is still expected to walk about and smile.

Father means to do all right and sometimes he does. His heart

isn't all stomach where his family is concerned and when a little fellow who looks like him, who is flesh of his flesh and heart of his heart, reaches up and calls him Dad, I tell you he experiences a feeling that not even a woman can understand.

With all his weaknesses, father is a handy thing to have about the place to keep things in repair and pay the bills.

He blusters and says a lot of things he does not mean and then on certain occasions he means a lot he just can't say, and has to leave mother and the children to guess what his feelings are.

Though he becomes all puffed up at a little praise from mother, he is usually too stupid to try the praise tonic on her.

Man and wife are a great combination, provided they are properly mixed and each of them learns right early the importance of both of them doing exactly as SHE pleases. Someone has said it is

a "give and take"proposition, but until something more definite is established I won't venture to say who is to do the giving and who the taking.

Statistics show that some men have been known to buy candy and flowers for their own wives. When this becomes a habit,

Mother's Day and Father's Day can be a weekly affair with good prospects of instituting a daily edition a little later on.

Science and Religion: The Full Life

By Prof. William J. Snow, B. Y. U.

is no basic or fundamental conflict between science andTHERE religion. The approach may be different but the aim is the

same. Both meet problems and try to explain them. In the

one case the method is that of direct observation and experimentation in the objective world of matter, tangible and of unworld—a

questioned validity. In the other the experience is based upon the

imponderable, the intangible, the elusive. In both the evidence is

worthy of credence and should not be lightly dismissed. Conclusions

leached in either field of endeavor are subject to further clarification and interpretation in the light of added information and rationalized experience.

The trouble that often arises, the antagonisms that have too often been aroused, it seems to me, are due to intolerance and dogmatism on both sides. The religious man has been too prone to

make his conclusions absolute and final, and thus his mind has been closed to scientific achievements which give rise to inferences that seem to run counter to his formulas and beliefs. On the other hand,

scientists have been inclined to explain the universe in terms of their own narrow fields of investigation. The life that Jesus described

as more than food and more than life all compreraiment—a

hensive, taking into account not only material, but the spiritual world; not only the objective, but the a life is often personal—such

ignored in the interest of a confined and limited field or stuay.

It is narrow dogmatism to assume that an authority in one field is an authority in all. The progress of the world and our

approach toward a common brotherhood are always characterized by two important movements, one intensive and highly specialized and the other comprehensive and integrating, tending towards the unification of fragmentary achievements, and experiences in the direction of a common goal or purpose. No specialist in any one

line of scientific research can explain the whole universe, nor consistently deny the social and human experiences that are without the range of his objective investigation.

Yet there are scientists, as the old Greek philosopher once said, who are constantly cutting the world into two halves with an ax, and then studying one half until they become convinced that the other half does not exist; and yet their human behavior and human

relationships suggest otherwise. As L. P. Jacks stated in "Mad

Jane, 1929 SCIENCE AND RELIGION: THE FULL LIFE 661

Shepherds,"Shoemaker Hankin spent his breath in proving God doesn't exist, and his life in proving that he does.

There is much that science can tell us and there is much that it does not know. It can tell us where physical man came from and

much concerning the conditions of his development, and moreover, it can minister to man in a thousand useful ways. As one enthusiastic scientist said, "Science has enabled man to travel fifty

times as fast, accomplish a hundred times as much work in a day, lift a weight a thousand times as heavy, and make his voice heard ten thousand times as far."Yet man's attributes it cannot explain.

On this point, Vernon Kellog, secretary of the American Association for National Research, declares, "Science has not enlightened me to any satisfactory degree about my consciousness and my conscience; has not told me how I can compose or play or deeply appreciate music, except that it says part of the reason is that my father

or mother or other ancestor could, that is, that I inherit his capacities which is only pushing the original question back to be asked about the musical ancestor. Science has not told me why I love

my little girl so extravagantly; nor why I can write poetry if I can;

nor, and perhaps this question I put to it most insistently and most want answered, whether I have an immortal soul or not."

But, we may add, belief in these eternal verities in no way stultifies one's attitude toward science.

On the other hand, a religion that builds excluding walls, that fears the loss of faith if truths of the external world are found out is not life, but the denial of life; not richness of feeling, but poverty

of aspiring; not a field for the faithful, but a mere refuge for the

fearful. A church should never be a sanctuary for safety only, but

an opportunity for service; not a place to limit life or to narrow

liberty, but to enlarge the soul and expand friendships and social contacts.

If we would have a rich experience and a full life we should open our hearts to truth from all sources. Our religious loyalty will

express itself in more concern for reality and less worship of formula, more emphasis on righteousness and less insistence on ritual. Christ

translated religion in terms of actual human experience and espoused life in all its manifold manifestation. He came, according to his own

declaration, that we might have life and have it more abundantly.

all. ScienceTo realize this high purpose should be the endeavor of

and religion must go hand in hand.

Whatever makes men good Christians, makes them good citizens. Daniel

Webster.

Fleeing to Scenery Zion—for

By Dave Rust

great American in Vermont, reared in New Prophet—bornTHEYork state, a resident of Pennsylvania and Ohio, persecuted

in Missouri and martyred in a revelation Illinois—received

over ninetyeight years ago, which contains the following words:

"Gather ye out from the eastern lands, * * * go ye forth into the western countries, * * * every man * * * must needs flee unto Zion for safety. And there shall be gathered unto

it (Zion) from every nation under heaven."(Doctrine and Covenants, section 45, paragraphs 64, 68, 69).

If I may be permitted for the moment to substitute in the above assembled quotation the word "scenery"for "safety,"this extraordinary prophecy has at the present time a most significant fulfillment. "From every nation under heaven,"indeed, they are coming

to Zion for scenery. Speeding like the wind over railways and highare "fleeing"to the "western countries."ways—and airways—they

According to its broadest interpretation, "Zion"is the sacred title for all the land of America. Usually, however, the region

around Utah with the "City of the Saints"as center, is known as

Zion. In this rather restricted sense, with especial focus on the

marvelous Zion canyon, cut out of the Kolob Plateau in Southern

Utah, do we choose to make application for the purpose of this brief literary excursion.

Above all other lands, this is a land of scenery. As G. Wharton

James writes in his Utah, the Land of Blossoming Valleys, this is a land of "High mountains, deep valleys, farstretching high plateaus, fertile meadows, desolate deserts, rich forests, bare, windswept areas of solid tower monuments more striking than all the rock,—with

other rockcarvings of the rest of the United States combined."Someone has referred to the strip of wonderland across the Plateau

Province between Zion Park and Mesa Verde as the land of perpetual sandstone. But all the other rocks are here in proper relationship, from the tertiary to the granite, decorated by volcanic cones and

lava caps, books in stone of all the ages so plain that he who runs can he knows the language. And it is a land of many read—if

very strongest of reds and blues and yellows, with allcolors—the

possible varieties of shades and immeasurable art combinations—an

gallery whose landscapes cannot be copied on canvas.

The most charming spokesman for this wonderland of all wonderlands is Captain C. E. Dutton, pioneer explorergeologist,

663*>- '929 FLEEING TO ZION—FOR SCENERY

who wrote of this region over fifty years ago. He refers to Southern

Utah as a "land of tables and terraces, buttes and mesas, colossal stairways, varied styles of architecture,"and canyons with inaccessible walls "seldom found elsewhere."The "marvelous sculpture

and color, beautiful beyond description, tease the imagination; rich

comedy is artistically mingled with religious solemnity."And then,

Dutton becomes prophetic when he adds: "This profound scenery

must ultimately become, when the knowledge of it is spread, among the most admired in the world. In coming time it will rank with a

very small number of spectacles and be regarded as the most exquisite."

And to seek this superlative grandeur thousands upon thousands are coming to Zion. This is a distinct migration. In much

older days, inhabitants of "eastern lands"crossed rivers and prairies and mountain ranges for furs and gold and free pastures and homes and freedom and adventure and religious safety. They traveled

slowly, with many weeks and months in which to look forward and dream of their destination. Each had his purpose, some came to

stay, some drifted back. This present, endless, swiftmoving caravan

of travelers have a single purpose in this modern "western movecome for scenery. And they return as swiftly as theyment"—they

come. What do they carry away with them? What is the value

of scenery?

In one of the oriental Bibles it is recorded that if we have but two cakes we should sell one and buy a narcissus; for the cake

simply feeds the body while the narcissus feeds the soul. Perhaps

these many travelers are feeding their souls. Perhaps the sunshine

of the open spaces has destroyed some of the germs of prejudice. It

is difficult to measure the influence of classic literature or classic paintings or classic classic scenery. music—or

is better citizenship; the scout The big objective in athletics

program, social creeds everywhere are set up with that purpose better citizenship. The objective for travel is the same—citizenship

crosses a desertvalue. And the man who climbs a mountain or

or looks into a deepcarved canyon should return from such experience with genuine values; if he does not return definitely enriched,

then he is not worthy to be called "traveler.""The contemplation

of natural scenery,"says President Herbert Hoover, "tends to soothe our troubles and shame our wickedness."In concluding his volume, The Scientific Study of Scenery, John E. Marr expresses the

belief that the study of natural scenery will yet be looked upon as "one of the most beneficial means of education."So, the scenery

of Zion may contribute much toward the salvation of souls.

PresentDay Indulgences By Albert R. Lyman

OLD TETZEL should come today peddling his written inIF indulgences to commit sin, he would perhaps find fewer gullible buyers than he found in Saxony four hundred years ago. Luther

stood then quite alone in his knowledge of the fraud, but today a multitude would be equally ready to brand it a swindle. With

that notorious cheat so widely known, it would really seem such humbug could not again find ready victims.

But, according to Longfellow, "Things are not what they seem."That indulgence stunt was but a new twist to an old

trick, a trick which Satan had used from the beginning.

And the old trick has to find new form or ignorant victims.

That form of it with which the old trickster sent Tetzel to cut a wide swath of sin through Europe would not be offered to those with whom it is already notorious. As chief engineer and efficiency

expert in the primeval conflict, Satan is amply able to provide a new and novel appearance for this prize practice and he uses it still.

Indulgences are held and relied upon today. Not only right

now, but right here are people quoting the terms of their supposed franchise to commit sin. The indulgence has been carefully modernized, accommodating itself to the weakness and credulity of professing Latterday Saints, exempting them from honoring the Sabbath day, from paying tithing and offering prayer. It provides

particular privilege for using the very things the Lord has named and condemned by special revelation. These people cling to and repeat

the terms of their indulgence as if they really believe it relieves them of guilt.

These modern indulgences are seldom written, their terms are accommodatingly elastic and vague, and they are generally kept, for greater safety, out of sight until called for by necessity. Often it

is difficult to find out just what they are and where they come from, yet they are about as numerous as the human race.

The substance of one popular indulgence is this: "The bishop

and other ward authorities have discriminated unfairly against me, and the Lord will not for that reason hold me to the requirements of the Gospel as he would if I had been given a square deal."

Another one, adapted to the blindness with which its holder is ready to receive it, declares, "Nobody knows who gets the tithing somebody's surely getting fat on it, and besides, if the Lord really expected me to pay tithing he would give me more to pay."

fa< 19i9 PRESENTDAY INDULGENCES 665

One man in selfdefense offers this: "Brother T smoked all

his life and all who knew him speak well of him; I'll be satisfied with

the kind of a reward he gets."(Notice the fraud of this implied

promise of a man's salvation for having his weakness instead of having his strength.)

Another indulgence says, "If the Lord expects me to rest on

Sunday, why does he entrust me with this property which should be cared for every day to get the most out of it?"These peculiar

franchises to do wrong are too commonly known to need much can be recognized on every side even if they dodescription—they

not happen to be the main thing right at home.

Satan's most winning inducement in preparing Cain to slay his brother was the offer of a crafty indulgence, and when God demanded an accounting Cain offered it as the last shadow of his defense: "His offering thou didst accept and not mine."

Every backslider and every apostate holds a cherished license, which he will display in selfdefense the moment his inconsistencies are brought to view.

Brother, are you depending on a secret indulgence? It is no

more valid than the brand of indulgence which Tetzel sold; no

more valid than that earlier brand which Cain accepted; they all

come from the same evil headquarters and are intended for the same evil end.

What a blighting surprise it will be at the great bar of justice when, in answer to the repeated indulgence by which men have been getting by in this world, the Father says, "You are your own witness as to whom you loved and accepted for your master."

Blanding, Utah.

Another Tobacco "Testimonial"Not long ago the president of one of our foreign missions had occasion to call on the managing director of a transatlantic steamship line. The director

thought he saw an opportunity to secure some desirable business for his company and, following a very common practice, offered a cigar to his visitor.

The offer was courteously rejected with the remark, "Thank you, I don't smoke.""What, never?"asked the surprised official.

"No, our Church teaches that we should not use tobacco in any form."

"Well, if your Church can keep its members from smoking, it has an excellent reason for existence. My health would have been a great deal better,

and I would be a tidy sum of money ahead if I had never acquired the habit."

the Trail of the "Y"On By Blanche Robbins

Dearest Ada: introduced us the first day. I hadn't

Can you ever forgive me for negseen the new stadium and the other lecting you so long? School closed day he took me over and told me all

May 24, just one week before the about it. We know each other now.

M. I. A. conference. Father, mother, I see him every day. He comes up

Frank and I came down in the car. the hill as I go down. Too bad.

Don't you love Salt Lake in June? My classes are interesting; especially

We enjoyed conference and saw so the two in dramatic art. Our teacher

many old friends. Of course we went is the sweetest thing and her patience

to Saltair for the Green and Gold seems inexhaustible. You should see

waltz. We were early and I stood us! We stand stiff and straight and

alone and watched the sunset on the nearly tonguetied. She first gave us

lake and remembered things. Tears? Shelley's "Night."You know, one

I arose and sawA few perhaps. Tears and memories verse begins, "When

seem to go together. the dawn."Of course we all had the

The waltz was beautiful. Everywords memorized. Some said them

one agreed, and when the decision was "fast and furious;"others were draannounced the cheers were deafening. matic, and some whispered them quietAlthough there were tears in her eyes ly as if there were someone around

as she received congratulations from the corner. Poor teacher. She sugeveryone she smiled at her partner. A gested that sometime we arise and "see

romance? Perhaps. Anyway I like the dawn."

to think of them that way. This morning I arose and "saw the

Provo is beautiful. It is in a valley dawn."The sky was a deep purple

surrounded by mountains; tall and and the silhouetted mountains remajestic. The sky is a deep blue. I minded me of silent sentinels keeping

understand now why Utah has so watch over the little valley and the many artists; they have such beautiful people entrusted to their care. Perthings to paint. Through the mists haps they are, for there is so peaceand fleecy clouds I see Mt. Timpanful an influence here. It seems as

ogos. I love it already, and I have if our very souls are guarded and profound strength and inspiration in its tected. The violet faded away and

rugged grandeur. the sky was a beautiful transparent

Yesterday we went up to the "Y"gold and blue, and as old Sol arose and registered. You remember my in all his flaming glory I was thanksister Phyllis? With her help I got ful for my home and heritage here in

along beautifully. Saw a few old the West.

friends. Isn't this the longest letter, Ada?

Some of my classes are "up on the Just one thing more. Jerald and I

hill."The first day I was late leaving sat by the fountain (even if it is dry)

class and had to go up alone. I went and whiled away most of the after-

a few blocks in every direction and noon. He is so interesting. Picture

found myself on Main Street. This him built, brown curly yourself—wellhappened only once. Now I follow hair, blue eyes, and "a milliondollar

the winding trail with the others. smile."We were talking about that

I have decided to keep a diary this day at the stadium and he said summer. "There's a reason."Phyllis Diary, June 9. Twelve o'clock and

June, 1929 ON THE TRAIL OF THE "Y"667 now to bed. Saw the sunrise this born, Jerald smiled and started to say

morning, talked to Jerald all aftersomething, but just then our English noon, and began Ada's letter tonight. teacher said to me: "If you cannot

Didn't finish it. Jerald came and after write something now, you never can."

the library closed we sat on the steps The spell was broken. We sang,

and talked. Wednesday night is the laughed, and talked. After breakfast

moonlight hike to Maple Flat and he the crowd broke up. The hike home

asked me to go. Pleasant dreams, was delightful. Jerald and I gathered

Diary. some white lilies. He said something

June 12. The moonlight hike was about a bride. Arrived home at eight

worth coming to school for. The this morning, and now for bed. Goodpath we followed was narrow and night, or rather, goodmorning. Diary.

wound along the mountain side. The June 15. Although we are worklights down in town twinkled and ing hard, the days are passing too

shone like stars. Our first rest was at quickly. Tonight after the library

the "Y"and I was so surprised when closed Jerald and I sat on the hill and

I saw it. It is much larger than I watched the sun go down. I thought

thought. From town it looks small. of Wesley W. Amick's picture "Where

Singing, laughing, and talking, we the Sun Goes."Then we counted the

hiked along through the night. Once little twinkling stars as they came out.

Jerald and I sat on a rock and watched Jerald is so fine and splendid. Somethe moon come up. We were above how, Diary, I am forgetting somethe others and as they came along the thing. I tight, Diary. wonder—Sleep

mountain side, climbing higher and June 16. This morning in Dehigher, these words came to my mind: votional we had a talk on "The

Measure of a Man."The speaker

"The heights by great men reached and mentioned all the virtues absolutely kept, necessary, and then some other very

Were not attained by sudden flight; desirable ones. I thought of Jerald.

But they, while their companions He has all the required ones, all the slept, electives and others, too. Behold, the

Were toiling upward through the perfect man!

night."June 17. Haven't felt very well.

We saw the moon come up several Jerald walked up the hill with Cartimes after this. The ones ahead of men Baker today. Saw him talking

us had a big, roaring bonfire when we to her in the library.

got there. We sang songs and told June 23. It is awfully late, but

stories. It didn't seem at all as if it Diary, I must tell you. Jerald is a

were the middle of the night. As darling. Tonight the whole school

dawn came beautifully and quietly went to Provona Beach. We went

everyone stood and saluted the new for a long ride in his car and then we morn with the "Y"song, and as the were early. Those who came on the

words, "All hail the college that we river didn't get there until after dark.

love,"rang out on the air, I knew that Another boat went to meet them and the "Y"was really my school, too. I as they came in sight lights were turned

love that song, and, Diary, I am learnon and everyone sang "Springtime in ing to play it. We sat on Mother the Rockies."Tears came into my

Luna's nose and watched the sun come eyes, Diary. The happiest time of my

up. As the golden rays shot out over life has been these few weeks here at

the valley I sighed just from happiness. the "Y". As Jerald and I stood there

There wasn't a sound: everyone was by ourselves I suddenly realized the

perfectly quiet. After the first breathdifference between really caring for

less minute, wherein a new day was someone and just being attracted by

June. 19 29668 IMPROVEMENT ERA

him. He looked deep into my eyes the blaze there always fascinates me.

and someday, Diary, I hope I am thankful, Diary, for the old

We went for a ride in the large boat friends, and for the new ones I have with some others. The moon shining met here at the "Y". They have

on the water was beautiful. Across the helped me to keep my ideals. The

lake we could see the lights of Geneva. ride home was delightful. Nothing

After the ride we danced once or twice could be lovelier than a summer night and then came home. Goodnight, in Provo with a friend like Jerald.

Diary, and happy dreams. Sleep tight, Diary.

June 25. I have a part on the DraJuly 11. Today I received an inmatic Art program. vitation from Jerald's mother to spend

June 27. Our psychology class the weekend with them. What shall

visited the mental hospital today. I wear?

Some of the sorrow there was caused July 14. Had a lovely time, Diary.

through accident and sickness, but His folks are sweet as can be. I fell

much of it was caused because somein love with his mother. He has a

one forgot to care. Our responsibility little curlyheaded brother, Clair.

as Latterday Saints is very serious. When he saw me he said: "How is you

On the way home Jerald told me my sister?"The others laughed, Jerald

about his mission and what it has blushed and of course I wondered what meant to him. he meant.

July 4. Who was it said "Oh, July 16. It was lovely after the

what a day!"I don't know what was rain this afternoon. Diamonds were

meant but I agree. Shooting all night sparkling on bush and tree everywhere.

and up at six this morning. Gwen and The air was fragrant with the perfume

I crawled under the kids'bed and shot of roses. Everything was fresh and

our popguns. Came back two hours cool, and as I walked down the hill

later and were more or less welcome. to the other campus I could see where

Saw the parade and then went to the the raindrops had splattered in the fair grounds. Wish these people could dust. Mine were "new footprints on

see an Idaho rodeo. More thrills! Had the sands of time."The halls were

my first airplane ride today. Going empty and there was no one on the

up is all right, but the coming down campus. As I walked through the

must be felt to be appreciated. The rooms I looked from a window and

fireworks were good. Neither of us saw the "Y"gleaming white and

cared to dance. Went for a ride and sparkling in the afternoon sunshine.

then home. The more I know Jerald "On the Trail of the Y'."Where does

the more I respect and care for him. that trail the world and lead—around

He is so genuine. back again to my heart. A year ago I

July 7. This morning in Devocame to Commencement here and no

tional Brother George H. Brimhall one can ever know what those exercises

spoke on "Seeking Higher Levels."He meant to me. Boys and girls signing

said: "The purpose of this school is Banyons and telling each other goodto make Latterday Saint men and bye. Old men and women returning

women of the boys and girls who come to pay tribute and respect to their here. We stand for three things: dear old Alma Mater. There are

spiritual growth, social service, and many, Diary, who have known the scholarship."It has been truly said: "Y"longer, but no one could love her

"George H. Brimhall is the 'Grand more dearly than I. Here I have reOld Man'of the 'Y'."newed ideals, found strength and inJuly 1 0. The School of Music gave spiration, made friends and come in

a party and I went with Jerald. The personal contact with the finest men

night was lovely and we went for a and women in the world. Perhaps it

short ride. Stopped at the steel plant; was because I was starving for the

June. 1929 ON THE TRAIL OF THE "Y"669

things I found here that my appreciaDiary, the whole trip was just tion of them has been so full and comlike a fairy tale. Soon we were

plete. Four more days and my work speeding along again, and as we

is finished; what a wonderful summer came around a curve I caught my.

it has been. How rich in the fulfillfirst glimpse of Bridal Falls. We

ment of dreams and desires. Goodstopped here a few minutes and

night, Diary. I'll always love the "Y"watched the water tumble and splash

and remember her as if I had been here and then drop straight down to the years rather than weeks. Her colors rocks below. When I knew I could

shall be my colors, too; white for a life never forget the picture we went on.

above reproach and blue for the courNever have I enjoyed anything so age to carry on. When others are much. The scenery all along the way

cheering and praising her on to victory, was gorgeous. Jerald seemed to enmy heart will be singing her praises. joy my being so pleased. It seems as

too. if we have been pals all our lives. We

July 18. Tonight was the Lawn chatted about everything as we went

Fete on Maeser Hill. The program was along.

interesting and colorful. My appreciaWe were in the canyon now. The

tion of the beautiful has increased a trees were tall and straight and so hundredfold this summer. thick it looked as if even the snow

July 19. This afternoon I was sitcouldn't fall between. The wild

ting on the lawn in front of the library flowers were profuse and of the most looking toward the trees and saying. brilliant colors. I wanted to pick

"Fair youth, beneath those trees,"them all. but Jerald insisted that I

when Jerald drove up. He laughed. leave them for others to enjoy: my

Rather say, "Fair youth, in a new most impressive lesson in Nature coupe, I'll be delighted to go for a Study. Soon we were at Alpine and.

ride."His new car is nice. Diary; so Diary, it was beautiful there. Against

snug and comfy and room just for the deepblue sky were the rugged, two. It was filled with gas and across majestic mountains guarding the little

the back he had a blanket folded. I valley where the cabins were nestled

guess I looked puzzled for he smiled among the trees. My soul was thrilled

and said, "No questions: school is beyond expression at the exquisite

nearly out and I want to take you beauty and grandeur around me. God

some place. To me it is the most beauonly could create such beauty. Farther

tiful spot in the world."on. solid walls of rock rose up on

Who doesn't love surprises? But, either side. On one rock we saw

Diary, our last rehearsal for the Drathe weather observatory. High up, a

matic Art program was at six o'clock. dazzling white rock glistened and

and I knew we wouldn't be back, but sparkled in the sunshine. I imagined

it was such a lovely afternoon; Jerald it to be the palace of some fairy

wanted me to go. and I wanted to go, princess.

so, well, I did. Several times we stopped.

We went through town and then "Up there on the mountain side is along a road I had never been over bethe Big Cave. We are coming up here

fore. It was smooth and very winding. again next year and we'll look at it

There was just one curve after another. then."

Soon we were climbing higher and We came out of the canyon just as higher and the scenery was exquisite. the sun was sinking to rest. The sky

Every second I exclaimed at the beauty was aflame with brilliant colors. We

of something new. We were going up stood by the car and watched it set beProvo canyon. I knew now. Vivian hind a bank of gold. Behind us lay

Park was cool and quiet and I'll never the beautiful Provo canyon: to the

forget our trout dinner there. Really, west the setting sun. and ahead of us

June, 1929670 IMPROVEMENT ERA the level, fertile valley. How much of finish you here. There was a short

life itself was pictured there! assembly this morning to tell us all

"Happy, Carol?"goodbye. For once I couldn't sing

"Yes, Jerald, perfectly. I didn't "All hail the college that we love."My

know there was such beauty in the eyes were too full. Told all the teachworld as I've seen today, and I didn't ers and my friends goodbye. Some

think so much joy could be crowded are going to Alpine and others are into a few hours."not. Everyone hated to leave and we

"It is beautiful here, and more so to lingered around and talked.

you because you appreciate it so. ReWhen I got back to the house, fathmember: 'Beauty is in the eye of the er and mother were there with Jerald

beholder.'I have come up here often, and his folks, talking like old friends.

but always alone, before. It seems He had planned the whole thing. I

as if getting close to God and nature was so happy to see the folks and does my soul good. Ever since we proud for them and Jerald to know

met I've planned on bringing you up each other.

here, but somehow I wanted to wait "We don't want to go on while until the very last. Every day, though, it is so hot. Run along you two and

I was afraid someone else would beat enjoy yourselves. We'll visit here."

me to it. Parents seem to understand so well.

"You're the sweetest pal I've ever We drove to the foot of the hill had, Carol, and I'm sorry the summer and then climbed up to a beautiful is over. We've gone places and talked tree not far from the "Y".

about everything and I hate to see you "Carol, sweetheart, I didn't dream go home."that such happiness would ever come

"Don't, Jerald, you'll make me cry. to me. You are my ideal of all that

You know how much I have enjoyed a girl should be, and I'll always love being with you. You are the best boy you."

friend I've ever had, and I'll never, "I care, too, Jerald, more than never, forget you."you'll ever know. Remember, you

"Carol, sweetheart, I love you,"and are coming up home for Thanksgiving then, Diary, when he took me in his and Christmas."

arms and kissed me I knew that "I couldn't forget, and you are dreams do come true. I was glad that coming here for the Junior Prom, and

no one else had ever held me: that I then again, 'When It's Springtime in

had waited for Jerald. Goodnight, the Rockies,'you'll be with us here for

Diary. I love him. My ideals have Commencement. Just think, Carol,

brought me perfect happiness. Heavenbirds and flowers and a blue sky and

ly Father, bless us that we may always you here again. We'll do all the things

love each other, and bless me that we've done this summer. We'll watch

someday I may be considered a real stuthe sunrise above old Timp and I'll aldent of the "Y". Jerald has had his ways thank the 'Y'for bringing you

four years here and extra work this to me, and sometime in June summer. I have been here such a little "The twentyfourth of June

while that it seems as if I am taking "The twentyfourth of June then, something that doesn't belong to me. let it be, and you'll be mine for time

If I really belonged to the "Y"it and all eternity. I'll help father with

would be different. Make me a part his business this winter and in the

of this great school. spring we'll build our home. Here,

Life is very sweet to me, tonight. dear,"and he put this ring on my

Diary. Do I deserve all these wonderfinger. God is good, Diary; I ask no

ful things? more than Jerald's love.

July 21. The last day. They are P. S. Diary. Remind me to finish

waiting for me, Diary, but I want to Ada's letter when I get home.

An Outstanding Introduction By L. Valess Dewey, M. A.

In this remarkable business and intransfigured before them. And while

dustrial age, an age the like of which Moses and Elias stood in their midst, a the world has never before seen or exsecond voice from heaven proclaimed:

perienced, a proper introduction is al- "This is my beloved Son, in whom I ways an advantage. If a person deam well pleased; hear ye him."(Matt.

sires employment, one of the first 17:5.) Note the addition of words in

requisites is a good and sufficient inthis second introduction. It was now

troduction from some one in authority. time for the world to receive this Jesus

If that same person would have a and acknowledge his authority. And

promotion, an endorsement (which is the Father spoke to a fallen and gropalso an introduction) will go far toing world, "Hear ye him."

ward procuring that promotion. And Again on the western continent, the

what is true in the business and inancient inhabitants of America received dustrial world is equally true and an introduction of authority from equally forceful in almost every other heaven. The Savior of the world had

walk of life. finished his ministry in the land of

Why should not this truth and fact Jerusalem, had been crucified, and was apply also in religion? The answer risen from the dead. In the land

is natural: It does. In days of old, Bountiful (in the northern part of

the cause of truth was thus given adwhat is now South America) the devancement. When the Savior was here scendants of Lehi and Mulek received

among men, a Voice of authority in- a heavenly introduction as the resurtroduced to the forerunner of the rected Christ appeared unto them to

Christ the longlooked-for and muchteach his Gospel. This time the words

needed Redeemer of the world. It was were as follows: "Behold my beloved

an age when the chosen people needed Son, in whom I am well pleased, in someone to come with an introduction whom I have glorified my name—hear

of authority and to speak with that ye him."(Ill Nephi 11:7.) Once

same authority. Because of that fact more the introduction has been enthe world has since learned to look larged. The Son of God has finished

back upon that scene in the valley of his foreordained task; the world has

the Jordan with awe and reverence. now a way and a name by which its

The words of that introduction reinhabitants may be saved. Thus in

sound today in a manner not to be the work of the Savior has the name overlooked: "This is my beloved Son, of the Father been glorified.

in whom I am well pleased."(See But one more heavenly introduction

Matthew 3:17.) was found to be necessary in order that

But an untimely death took John the divine plan of the ages might be the Baptist away from his people beconsummated. And this is indeed an

fore he had an opportunity to tell the outstanding one. Centuries had passed

world of the divinity of the Christ and the Church of Christ had been whom the Father had thus introduced. destroyed among the ancient inhabitAnd so another heavenly introduction ants of America. Likewise, the true

was needed that the work of God Church of Christ with its holy Priestmight take firm root in the earth. Thus hood, its gifts and blessings, and the

we read that Jesus took Peter, James, doctrine taught by the ancients had and John into the mountain and was ceased to exist on the eastern conJune, 1929672 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tinent. And all this because of wickedlanguage of the nineteenth century,

ness and unbelief. "Hear him."It was the Son of God

Like the business and industrial who was thus introduced to the world world of a century ago, the socalled for the fourth time; and the boy

Church of Christ was hopelessly diprophet saw the personage and heard vided, and stood helpless before a the words of the Savior of the world thousand world problems. A voice of as he, the Redeemer, declared that the

authority was needed for wouldbe true Church of God was not to be employees; a great Proprietor was found on the earth. Moreover, if

needed who understood, and who he, the boy prophet, would be faithful, could and would save the world from it would soon be established, and ruin by providing a way in which and through his own instrumentality.

through which it could solve the What a wonderful introduction it puzzling questions. And lo! in the was! And now that the Church of

woods of New York state, on a spring Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints has morn of the year 1820, the Voice of been established, and has become a authority, the great Proprietor comes. power in the earth for good, we are

This time it is in person, and not in led to give honor and reverence to the language from the clouds. This time boy prophet, Joseph Smith, for the the introduction is delivered by a worldsaving work which he began. pointing of the finger and the proud

But most of all, we remember in love lighting up of the countenance. For

and worship, the great Father who the great Eather of all condescends to come to earth in response to a boy's visited a world struggling in darkness the true prayerful supplication. He calls the and introduced his Son,—that

future prophet by name. "Joseph, this Gospel of Jesus Christ might be estabis my beloved Son,"are the words of lished for the last time, never to be

that outstanding introduction. And thrown down or left to another

then the Heavenly Father adds, in the people.

High Ideals

Ideals are the blue prints of life's program. As the outcome of building

operations depends on the plan that is followed, so character is determined by the ideals that are cherished and permitted to dominate a life. If your

architect's plan calls for a barn you must not be disappointed if you do not find a cathedral when at last the work is completed. It is just as true that

life is the incarnation of our ideals. If they are material, the characters in years

to come will not be glorified by the fruits of the Spirit. If selfishness is

allowed to control the springs of action we cannot hope to find the beauty of Christ's likeness. It is impossible for either individuals or nations to rise

above the plane of their cherished ideals. If low ideals are allowed to

dominate, life will be lived on a low level. In character building it is worth

everything that men and women should "hitch their wagon to a star."

It is of the utmost importance that high ideals be cultivated. A field left

to itself will grow up with weeds. An uncultivated mind will degenerate. But

if we are to cultivate high ideals we must begin by making a choice of them.

Choice is always the beginning of selfdetermination. A great day dawned forthe Prodigal, when he said: "I will arise and go to my father."Choice that is

not followed by action will die. Frank Herbert Sweet.

Could Joseph Smith Have Written

The Book of Mormon?

By Joseph S. Willes

This is to be a little conversation and has had a very large circulation.

between you and me. We are going But there is something about the

to do a bit of reasoning on a subject Book of Mormon that differentiates it which concerns every living soul from all other books. There are over

whether he realizes it or not. You half a million people in the world,

listen for a few moments, and then who claim for it a divine origin. They

you express yourself. claim it is the word of God to his

it conOn June 1 1 of this year, it will be children here on the earth, that one hundred years since the Prophet tains many of the principles of the is theJoseph Smith had the Book of MorGospel of Jesus Christ, which mon copyrighted. power of God unto salvation. They

claim it was written by inspired Arrangements were then made for prophets upon plates of gold, whichthe printing of five thousand copies.

plates were preserved through the cenEgbert B. Grandin contracted to do

turies, and that these plates were dethe job for three thousand dollars.

livered to Joseph Smith by an angel.Martin Harris, a wellto-do farmer of

They claim it to be a history of threePalmyra, New York, furnished the distinct colonies of people who mifinances.

grated from the old world in times

Early in the year 1830, the first past, and that the American Indian is edition of the Book of Mormon was a remnant of one of these colonies.

given to the world. Since that time The rest of the world is either

some fiftytwo editions* have been indifferent to the book, or believe it issued, amounting to about four milto be a fraud, written by a man orlion copies. The book has also been men for the purpose of deceiving the

translated into eighteen different people. As one writer puts it: "The

languages. book is altogether, and in every part

Although quite an achievement, this of it, except so much as is borrowed is not so much in itself. The Bible, from the Bible, a modern fabrication

for example, has been translated into without any foundation in fact, but 226 different languages, and a conhad its origin, simply and solely in the servative estimate of the number of brain or brains of men in our own copies printed, reaches a total of about day. without any help whatever from

315,000,000. God or from an angel of God."

It is thought that John Bunyan's Here are two very different concepPilgrim's Progress has been translated tions of the same book. Both of them

into more languages than any other can not be right. There is one thing,

book except the Bible. And even that however, upon which both sides can

little work of Harriet Beecher Stowe's, fully agree, and from this common

Uncle Tom's Cabin, has been transground, let us do a little reasoning.

lated into twenty different languages Orson Pratt said, "This book must be

*This number does not include many monthly editions which have been and which arc.

now being put out by the Deseret Book Store. Editions have been printed in Kirtland, Nauvoo,

Independence, Kansas City. Chicago. Stockholm. Copenhagen. Rotterdam, Bern. Berlin, Liverpool, etc. The number of copies of the Book of Mormon, as here estimated, is given after

careful investigation.

June, 1929674 IMPROVEMENT ERA

either true or false."This statement witness against them on the day of

admits of no argument. If the book judgment. If it is false, then it is

is true, then its precepts and teachings one of the cleverest pieces of decepare binding upon all men, and they tion and fraud the world has ever who reject it will have it stand as a seen.

What Were Conditions a Hundred Years Ago?

In order to make more vivid the line from Washington to Baltimore.

subject matter to follow, let us draw The telephone, indispensable as it is in a mental picture of the existing conour daily lives, was not known to this ditions of a hundred years ago, and age.

also some of the important events that Up until 1855 homes were lighted have occurred since that time. with sperm oil, and it was only about

If one were to be placed so as to get thirtyone years ago that electric and a birdseye view of the United States gas lights came into very general use.

in 1829, one would see that the popuHomes were practically devoid of conlation of this country was practically veniences, as we understand the term all east of the Mississippi river. The today. True, there was beautiful

great West was inhabited only by a furniture for those who could pay the few trappers and frontiersmen, besides price, but speaking in terms of sanitary the Indians. systems that afford an abundant supply

In fact it was not until 1820, of hot and cold water throughout the through the influence of Henry Clay, house, and make possible the proper that a road was constructed from the disposal of sewage and the many other

Ohio river, through the states of Ohio, conveniences of our everyday life,

Indiana, and Illinois, to the Mississippi these things were not known.

opposite St. Louis. Chicago in 1830 Farming methods were very crude.

was nothing but a frontier post. Wheat was harvested by the hand

Means of travel consisted of either method, using a sickle. When McCorwalking, pack horses, or horsedrawn mick patented his first harvester, in

theirwagons. Communication likewise, 1831, his own neighbors shook

was limited to the speed of the above heads and smiled. The year 1851

mentioned methods of travel. News saw this reaper gradually coming into

traveled very slowly, and the methods its own.

still being done inof spreading news were quite limited. Threshing was

it had The year 1830 saw the first successmuch the same manner that ful attempts at steam railroading, and been done for centuries before. The

of course the mileage of track was verv chaff was separated from the wheat by limited for a number of years after this the ageold method of throwing the time. It was 1852 before Chicago grain into the air and letting the wind

was connected to the East by rail. do the rest.

The automobile and airplane were Practically all of the necessities of not even dreamed of. Even young life were manufactured in the home,

readers can well remember the advent the wife doing the spinning and the of these two marvels of transportation. making of the clothing by means of the

Morse constructed the first practical spinning wheel. The husband was

working telegraph in 1832, but this carpenter, blacksmith, cobbler, and means of communication did not come farmer.

into popular use until several years latElias Howe and his great contribuer. Morse was in poverty until the year tion to womankind, the sewing ma1843. at which time Congress voted chine, did not come forward until

$30,000.00 to construct a telegraph 1846.

Jane, 1929 JOSEPH SMITH AND THE BOOK OF MORMON 675

The important national issues that We all know the story of President occupied the public mind were the Lincoln and his search for reading slavery question and the tariff. These material.

issues brought forth many of our Educational facilities were very greatest statesmen and orators. There limited, and many did not attend

was Daniel Webster with his "Liberty schools.

and union, now and forever, one and On the subject of American archaeinseparable,"John Calhoun with his ology little was known, for research in "The Federal Union: It must be Prethis field "did not begin until well

served,"together with Henry Clay, along in the 19th century,"says WilWilliam Lloyd Garrison and many liam H. Holmes of the Smithsonian

others. Institution. Squier & Davis started reBecause of a scarcity of printed matsearch work in 1845. J. D. Baldwin's

ter and also because transportation on work did not appear in book form this class of material was costly, few until 1871, and that of J. T. Short

homes had many books. If there were in 1880. Knowledge on this subject

any at all, it was generally the Bible or therefore was limited to a very few perhaps a copy of Pilgrim's Progress. individuals.

Out of This Period Came the Book of Mormon

Out of this period came the Book writing the whole of Idylls of the of Mormon! King.

It was given to the world by a Thomas Carlyle was only three young man twentythree and onehalf years in writing the History of the years old. One year and nine months French Revolution, but much time had

were spent in its translation, during been spent in preparation for the task.

all of which time the Prophet Joseph Darwin made his first notes on The

Smith was subject to merciless perOrigin of Species in 1837. The comsecution and interruption! plete work was first published in 1859,

Could Joseph Smith have written which is twentytwo years later.

the Book of Mormon? Ben Hur, the soulrousing novel by

This youth of little worldly knowlGeneral Lew Wallace, was seven years edge, who of necessity had spent most in the making. "The least part (of

of his time assisting in sustaining his the time) was occupied in actual comfather's family, was left no time for position,"says the author.

what we might call research and study. Here are represented some well

Could he have accomplished the task? known works of man and the time in

Bear in mind that the Book of Morwhich it took to write them. All

mon contains historical facts, scienmade exhaustive study of their retific facts, Gospel teachings and prophspective subjects and wrote accordingly.

ecies! With the exception of Darwin's Origin

Consider this: of Species, all the books referred to

It took James Oliver Curwood thireither relate a narrative, tell a story, teen months and eight days to write or record a history of something that

The Ancient Highway, just a story, a has happened. Darwin's book, hownarrative, a novel. And this time ever, has caused much controversy, and

does not include that given to research a goodly portion of it is now obwork in the records of old Quebec, solete, which is characteristic of all and the time spent in making expediother scientific books written by men.

tions into the French lumber regions In such matter time is the acid test.

where the story is laid. In the Book of Mormon there are

Tennyson was fiftytwo years in found many things which were abJune. 1929676 IMPROVEMENT ERA

solutely contrary to popular belief at Could Joseph Smith have had a the time it was first published. What knowledge of Central America and ail

has time done to this book? its ruined cities that were not even

It has vindicated the Prophet Jofound until after his death? Could he

seph's claim for it, and even in this have written a book of six hundred hundredth year of its existence there pages containing as much of the teachis no need for his followers to ings of Jesus Christ as it does, and apologize for a single word in the not have it conflict with itself or the record. Could mortal man accomplish Bible? No, bless you, no. And if

such a deed without divine guidance? there are those who read this humble

You answer that question. attempt of a weak man to portray a

Hubbard has truly said, "There is great truth, who are not Latterday nothing permanent but change."Saints and who do not believe in the

There is one thing, though, that does Book of Mormon, open your minds to not have 10 change, and that is the ordinary commonsense reasoning, and truth of God. Truth is eternal and is you cannot but see the truth of it.

therefore unchangeable! A hundred What then are we to believe conyears is long enough to establish the cerning its origin? The only thing I

divinity of the Book of Mormon to see to do is to acknowledge the truth any fairthinking mind! as it is told by Joseph Smith!

No Successful Attempts to Brand the Book False

The Rev. M. T. Lamb brands the be put into book form. Before doing

Book of Mormon as a fraud because, so, however, Rev. Lamb undertook a

says he, "The Book of Mormon tells revision of his work. So, besides the

us that iron, steel, and brass were in time originally spent in writing the leccommon use among the ancient Netures, another year's study showed the phites."And then he quotes authority author that his little work was a "very

to prove his point. Mr. Baldwin, for imperfect presentation of the subject,"

example, "Iron was unknown to so he went East "to consult with them."Also Squier, "The Indians had eminent antiquarians as to the points

neither iron nor steel."made in the historical argument."

Now if Joseph Smith and his conThen "after six months of earnest toil temporaries were the authors of the in the East,"he ventures forth with his

Book of Mormon, and if they had little book entitled The Golden Bible.

made a study of American archaeology, In all, Rev. Lamb spent considerdo you think they would have written ably more time in writing his book

things in the book that were supposed against the Book of Mormon than it to be untrue? Lamb uses this illustratook Joseph Smith to translate the

tion to prove the book fraudulent. I book itself!

use the same illustration to prove the The evidence thus compiled by Rev.

book's divinity! Lamb should, therefore, be about as

Anyway, peculiar as it may seem, good as any "higher criticism"that modern research and investigation have can be found. Let us examine a

proved that the ancients did have iron sample of his arguments.

and steel, because actual pieces have On page 169 we find the following, been found. But after all, the darkest blot upon

By the way, Rev. Lamb delivered the Book of Mormon is the dishonor

a series of lectures in 1887, in which it puts upon the Lord Jesus Christ.

he attempted to prove that the Book * * *The Book of Mormon mars all of Mormon was a fraud. Some of his the glory and beauty of Christ's life,

supporters suggested that his lectures both his actions and his words, by preJune, 19Z9 JOSEPH SMITH AND THE BOOK OF MORMON 677

senting him to us in the role of a secparcel out a little group of people, give ondhand repeater."them his word and let the rest of the

There is the "darkest blot"upon world with all its billions of deservthe Book of Mormon. There is the ing souls be left desolate?

evidence that clinches the argument Is it wrong that the Lord should and settles for all time this botherinspire Confucius and Buddha to give some question. their people divine truths? Is it wrong,

The Book of Mormon records that that because he had declared these

Jesus Christ spoke many things to the truths to them, he should withhold people on this continent, many of them from the Jews?

which had been declared by him to the I really can not believe that any

Jews. In this the Latterday Saints thoughtful person could claim such a

claim that prophecy is fulfilled, for thing. The charity in my heart won't

Christ said, "Other sheep I have which even allow me to believe that Rev.

are not of this fold: them also I must Lamb believed what he wrote.

bring, and they shall hear my voice; "Remember the worth of souls is

."and there shall be one fold and one great in the sight of Who God—

shepherd."dares to say that his soul is more

The saddest part of the whole thing precious than the soul of another, even is, that if we accept his argument as though it bt the soul of one of the true, the Bible is pulled into the mire yellow or black race?

also. I firmly believe that sufficient eviSix hundred years before the birth dence has been presented to prove that

of Jesus Christ, Confucius announced neither Joseph Smith nor any other the Golden Rule, for says he "What man could have been the author of the you do not like when done to yourBook of Mormon. If you would

self do not do to others."Likewise prove definitely to yourself the divinity

Buddha, "Do unto others as you of this book, read it, and with a would that they should do unto you."prayerful heart God, the Eter- "—ask

Is the Bible a secondhand repeater? nal Father, in the name of Christ, if

Before answering that question we these things are not true; and if ye

should ask and answer another. Is shall ask with a sincere heart, with real

not one soul just as valuable to God intent, having faith in Christ, he will as another? Why of course. What manifest the truth of it unto you, by

kind of a God would it be that would the power of the Holy Ghost."

History of the Poppy By Mrs. Belle O. Sprague, Poppy Chairman 1929, Unit No. 2.

In the spring of 1919, after the France since the war tell us it is war, on Flanders Field, where the firpeculiarly true that where the battle ing had been terrific and thousands of was the fiercest and the bloodshed the our boys had fallen in battle, in the greatest, the poppies to this day grow midst of complete devastation, the most profuse.

poppies came up in abundance. The From this beautiful superstition

French women tell today that the comes the true message of the poppy poppy is significant of the blood of the the message from the boys who fell, expressed most beautifully in Colboys who fell on Flanders Field.—as

Those who have traveled through onel John McCrea's verse:

June, 1929678 IMPROVEMENT ERA We Shall Not Sleep the opportunity of purchasing the sym- "In Flanders Field the poppies blow bol of remembrance of our nation's

Between the crosses row on row, sacrifice, the little red poppy, from its AuxiliThat mark our place; and in the sky the American Legion and

taken up the "Torch"The larks still bravely singing fly, ary, who have

Scarce heard amidst the guns below. and are keeping faith with those who

gave their all. The profits from the

"We are the dead. sale of the poppy are devoted 100%

Short days ago we lived, felt dawn, to service work.

saw sunset glow, Such symbolism cannot but have its

Loved and were loved, and now we effect in inspiring us to the sacrifices lie demanded of all good citizens in peace

In Flanders Field. times. Wear a poppy. Furthermore,

those who buy these poppies do some- "Take up our quarrel with the foe.

To you from falling hands we throw thing very real to help the disabled veterans who in making them are able The yours to hold it Torch—be to contribute to their own support. high;

The manufacturing of the poppies in If ye break faith with us who die,

We shall not sleep, though poppies the hospitals and in the poppy workshops maintained by the American grow

Legion Auxiliary enables the disabled In Flanders Field."

men and their families to earn money

Because of this close association to during the winter, which in many inthe supreme sacrifice made by the boys stances, is the means of providing food who fell on Flanders Field, the poppy and shelter during the cold days.

has become the Memorial Flower of There is a great amount of relief

emblem of a faith that is the World War disabled, among the Theiliary—theAmerican Legion and its Auxwork which is still necessary among

being kept through service to the families of those who have died. In

living. hospitals are thousands of veterans

With this thought in mind, those lying sick and helpless on their beds, who love the poppy are making every many of them receiving no compensaeffort to protect this beautiful flower tion from the government because their and educate the public in general to ailments were not service connected.

know and love our poppy, not as a The wives and children of these men red tag to be bought and worn inare struggling hopefully to keep their differently, but as an emblem of sacrihomes together until the day when fice to be worn in reverent underhusbands and fathers can return to standing. them. There are convalescent vetThe poppy is now the Memorial erans ready to go out from the

Flower of the French, British, Canahospitals to begin an unequal struggle dian and American World War Vetto regain a place in the world in their erans. The poppy has won a place in weakened condition.

the hearts of the people all over the "I pray thee, then, world. Write me as one that loves his fellowEvery year the public is afforded men."

Music has a rhetoric of its own, often more eloquent than verbal utterance; but, allied to impassioned words, its combined power to control, to stir

the feelings and emotions, is well nigh irresistible. Its martial strains fire the

enthusiasm of the patriot to deeds of heroism in the cause of liberty; its plaintive and tender cadences vibrate with the thrill of affection, and the sympathetic bonds of domestic life; while its solemn peals awaken the heart to

esctasy and devotional rapture. Frederick Saunders: Stray Leaves of Literature.

Messages from the Missions A Notable Conference in Hawaii

The annual conference of the number of parents. All the work of

Hawaiian mission was held at Laie, this session was conducted by the PriOahu, and in the City of Honolulu on mary children. It was very commendApril 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7. Missionable indeed. At 3:30 p. m. the

aries of the Hawaiian mission have a officers of the auxiliary associations of privilege, we think, not enjoyed by the mission held their meetings, at those of any other mission, the privwhich instructions and demonstrations ilege of having a temple located within were given. At 7:00 p. m. the annual

their field. On the evening of the 2nd contest of the Mutual Improvement

of April, a missionary meeting was Associations of the Hawaiian mission held in this sacred building, when all was held in the Kalakaua Junior High the missionaries had the privilege of School auditorium. Before the hour

officiating in behalf of the dead. This to commence our meeting arrived the

was an opportunity which the group house was filled to overflowing, there will never forget. On Wednesday our being slightly more than one thousand

missionary force all joined in testipeople seated in the building. The

mony meetings held in the assembly police department turned away five room of the temple. The testimonies or six hundred people who could not

that were borne and the spirit present gain admittance to the building. Our

in the meetings were memories that contest consisted of work in part singwill linger with us through life. ing, solo work, steel guitar playing,

On Thursday morning, the 4th, we public speaking based on the M. I. A.

held a business meeting at the Mission slogan of this year, and retold stories

Home in Laie. In the afternoon the taken from the Bible. Representatives

group returned by automobile to from all the districts of the mission

Honolulu, a distance of about thirtycompeted in the contest and it was five miles. the most successful effort jever put

Saturday morning at 10:00 o'clock forth by the M. I. A. of the mission.

the annual conference of the Relief The judges, all people of experience

Society organizations of the mission and none of them members of the was held under the direction of Pres. Church, were a unit in saying that the

Olivia S. Waddoups and her counpublic speaking and story telling was

selors, Minerva Fernandez and Ricky the best they had ever heard..

McGuire, mission presidency of the Sunday morning at 10:00 o'clock,

Relief Society. Among those who the Sunday School, under the direction

addressed the conference were Sister of Mission Superintendent George P.

Jeanette A. Hyde, a member of the Mausman, conducted its conference.

General Board of the Relief Society. The theme of the meeting was the

About four hundred were present at spirit of Elijah and work for the dead.

this session and received instructions This subject was beautifully presented and inspiration for the work of the in pageant, recitation, and music, to coming year. At 1:30 p. m. the Prithe pleasure and edification of the vast

mary Associations of the mission, uncongregation which filled our chapel der the direction of Pres. LaVenda to overflowing. Between the Sunday

Mattice, conducted their session. ApSchool and afternoon meeting a well

proximately four hundred children prepared dinner was served to more were present, in addition to 3 goodly than fifteen hundred people. At 2:00

680 IMPROVEMENT ERA June. 19 29

p. m. and 7:00 p. m. general sessions diction at the closing session of conof the conference were held. At the ference, the choir sang the Hosannah

afternoon session music was furnished anthem and the congregation joined in by the Laie choir, and the Kalihi choir "The Spirit of God Like a Fire is sang for us during the evening session. Burning."All were filled with thanksWe were wonderfully blessed during giving to our Heavenly Father for the

these sessions with the spirit of the wonderful blessings that have reached

Lord and the hearts of all present were us in this faraway land. Wm. M.

made to rejoice. Just before the beneWaddoups, Mission President.

MISSIONARIES OF THE HONOLULU DISTRICT

Sitting, left to right: Keola Kalimai, J. W. L. McGuire, local missionaries; Olivia S. Waddoups,

president mission Relief Societies; Wm. M. Waddoups. mission president; W. E. Gronlund. mission

secretary (released); L. A. Parcell. mission secretary. Standing, front: R. K. Homer, J. C. Nielsen.

Honolulu district president; Miriam Waddoups. Marie A. Daynes, president Honolulu Primaries,

(released); W. E. Watson, W. L. Davis. A. B. Bate. Second row: D. E. Johnson. T. M. Waddoups,

Howard Allred (released); Mildred Allred, Mary Waddoups, C. R. Mayberry, E. D. Chamberlain.

F. N. Clark. W. A. Beazer (released). Third row: L. E. Clissold (released); Edith Conley, A. L.

Conley, Anna Rhees, P. K. Dehlin, F. L. Thomas, J. H. Killpack. Fourth row: Ivin Larkin, A. R.

Ivins. manager Laie plantation; Vilate Ivins, T. M. Williams, Virginia Ashton, (released); Purcy

Burrell. Left to right: R. W. Bradford, S. E. Jacobsen. Orson Kesler, LaVenda Mattice, president

mission Primaries (released); Harold Cheirrett, J. B. Thorup. E. L. Denison, Lawrence Ward.

Fifth row: T. K. Memmott, J. C. Schill, H. L. Hansen, M. R. Roberts, H. W. Belliston. Back

row: H. B. Farr, M. T. Stoker (released); Joseph Luahiwa, local missionary: E. L. Clissold,

president mission M. I. A.; F. J. Smith, former missionary; W. W. Burt (released).

June, 19 29 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 681

Work Progressing in the Antipodes

District President E. Ray Parson been performed so far this year. This

sends the following report: is indeed encouraging when we conAnnual conference was held in the sider the number of elders that have

Tasmanian district. Feb. 24, 1929; been laboring in the district. We need

Mission President Clarence H. Tingey more missionaries. We can see the

and his wife were in attendance. They hand of the Lord in the softening of

gave excellent instruction and admonithe hearts of the people, who are tion to both elders and Saints. The showing more of a disposition to rereport of the year's activities, as given ceive the truth.

by the district president, showed a We receive the Era regularly and apvery gratifying improvement over prepreciate it very much, because we derive vious years in almost every department much good from studying its conof the work. Thirteen baptisms were tents. We wish it continued success.

performed in 1928, and thirteen have

MISSIONARIES OF THE TASMANIAN DISTRICT. AUSTRALIA

Front row. left to right: Clarence H. Tingey, mission president. Salr Lake City; Hazel B. Tingey.

president mission Relief Societies; E. Ray Parson, district president, Smithfield, Utah. Back row:

Neil L. Davis. Salt Lake City: Alva E. Jensen. Salt Lake City; Paul A. Park, Gunnison. Utah;

George E. Rushton, Hunter. Utah; Lawrence P. Bingham. Smithfield, Utah.

Gratifying Change of Sentiment

The following report comes to us Under separate cover I am sending from the Southern States: you a group picture of the missionaries

June, 1929682 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Missionaries of the Georgia District

First row, left to right: Mildred Molen, Vaughn, Montana; Ernest W. Bosgieter, Los Angeles,

California, president Georgia district; Chas, A. Callis, president Southern States mission; James

A. Ott, Henrieville, Utah, president South Georgia district; Esther Price, Tucson, Arizona. Second

row: L. E. Phelps. Mesa, Arizona; Clyde B. Nielson. Mesa. Arizona; K. W. Dyal, San Bernardino,

California; Chas. H. Goodson, Pasadena, California: B. B. Woolley, Los Angeles, California; C. H.

Esplin. Preston, Idaho; R. E. Mills, Sugar City. Idaho: L. M. Cantrell, Salt Lake City. Third

row: Jos. C. Rich. Montpelier. Idaho; Bland Ahlstrom, Sandy, Utah; M. D. Lovell, Oak City, Utah;

J. D. Spendlove,, Morgan. Utah: Lionel Anderson, Sandy, Utah. Back row: R. W. Beal. Myton.

Utah (released); W. L. Duke. Heber, Utah; Wm. Bennett, Evanston, Wyoming: L. H. Peterson,

Tremonton, Utah.

of the Georgia district, Southern States Henry Linde of South Carolina; and

mission. Ernest W. Bosgieter of the Georgi:.

The first 1929 conference of the District, who presided at the conferGeorgia district was held in historic ence. All of the missionaries adSavannah on the 13th and 14th of dressed the gathering, some speaking

April. All who attended counted it at two sessions.

one of the best conferences held in Over 175 persons attended, whereGeorgia in many years. as some fifteen years ago, as stated in

President Chas. A. Callis delivered one of his discourses, President Callis

thoughtprovoking, consciencestirring walked the streets of Savannah withsermons at the three Sunday sessions. out a single person in this city to call

The concluding speakers at the Saturhim brother or sister in the Church. A

day sessions were District Presidents pleasing feature of the meetings was

James A. Ott of South Georgia; B. the testimonies and able defense of

June, 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 683

the Gospel made by various local memdecorated and on Sunday a delicious bers. Local elders were present from luncheon was served by the sisters of

Augusta, Waycross, Georgia, Tillman, the Savannah Branch Relief Society.

S. and Jacksonville, Fla. Property has been acquired and C

Both Savannah newspapers were work will begin at once on the buildgenerous in their announcements of ing of a suitable house of worship the conference and in reporting the in Savannah.

events thereof. Sincerely, your brother in the Gospel.

The hall was most attractively Elder E. W. Bosgieter,

President, Georgia District.

Far North Also Making Progress

Oscar E. Johnsen writes: The Spirit of the Lord was prevaThe Malmo district spring conferlent in rich abundance, throughout

ence was held in Malmo on March 10, the entire conference. The many Saints

11 and 12, 1929. and friends present at these meetings

The hall was draped with Amerhad their testimonies strengthened and ican and Swedish flags and was otherobtained a clearer understanding of the wise beautifully decorated with flowGospel principles through the inspired ers, harmoniously blending color with sermons which were delivered.

the spirit of the occasion. Reports show that the work is proMlSSIONARIES OF THE SWEDISH MISSION

Sitting, left to right: Mission President Gideon N. Hulterstrom, Signe L. Hulterstrom, president

of the mission Relief Societies; Oscar E. Johnson, district president. Standing: Holger M. Sanders,

Baker. Oregon; Arland O. Sorensen. Bear River City, Utah.

June. 19 29684 IMPROVEMENT ERA

gressing within the Malmo district, aid and companion in our missionary and it is expected that several persons labors, and when, for some reason, will be baptized in the near future. there is a delay in receiving it, we feel

The Improvement Era is a welcome its loss.

'Mormon"Athletic Activity in Tacoma, Washington

During the past winter widespread fourteen league games, winning all but interest has been manifested for baskettwo of them. The good sportsman

ball in Tacoma, Washington, of the ship displayed by our team was the

Northwestern States mission. Two talk of the city. The referees were

amateur leagues have used 880 players almost unanimous in the statement who otherwise would not have been that never had they officiated in basketgiven a chance to compete in athletic ball games where the players were cleaner, or fairer than the Latterdayactivity. The Latterday Saint M

Men's team has, we feel, been an imSaint team. And even some of the

portant factor in awakening this inministers of other churches, in speaking terest. The L. D. S. team played to their congregations, cited the "MorTacoma. Washington Branch y. M. M. I. A. Basketball Team

Back row. left to right: Dan Nalley, Harold Baldwin. Roy Baldwin, Roy D. Olpin. Front row:

Ira C. Jackson, Richard S.. Summerhays, A. W. Johnson. Melvin W. Eliason.

June. 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 685

mon"boys as a fitting example for are outstanding. If "by their fruits

their young folks to follow. ye shall know them"is a fair criterion

We are justly proud of the splendid of judgment, the philosophy of life record made this year. Although the which produces such clean, sportsmanpennant went to another team, the like young men is worthy of serious

results favorable to "Mormonism"consideration.

from a standpoint of practical religion

'Mormonism"Still Carrying On

Elder Joseph H. predicted that this

Greenhalgh. clerk Gospel would not

of the Nephi South be taken from the ward, Juab stake, earth nor given to writes as follows: another people. His

"For almost twenopponents said tyfive years I have that the fourth been a subscriber generation would to the Era and see the end have always enof 'Mormonism.'

joyed reading it. It Here we have four

occurred to me young men, dethat you might be scended from the interested in this same greatgrand- account. Recently father, going at

four young men the same time from left our ward for the same ward to the mission field. preach the same

They are all greatGospel to four difgrandsons of one ferent nations.

man who, many "The greatyears ago, was grand father i s converted to the JamesT. Belliston.

Gospel in a foreign who came from land. Today, they England in the

in laboring Pass Greenhalgh. Franklin are laboring in Sitting: the early fifties and right left to Standing, States mission. Eastern

four different naJoseph Read Greenhalgh, laboring in Scotland later returned to laboring Belliston, in England Howell tions of the earth. Lester la his native land as at back. Wheeler Belliston, Harold standing

"Joseph Smith boring in the Hawaiian Islands. a missionary."

TITHING

In an address on the law of tithing at a Sunday evening service, a home missionary told the congregation about a colored preacher, who, addressing his flock, said, "Brethren and Sisters, in our system of public worship three books

Iare Prayer Book, The Hymn Book and the pocket book. indispensable—the

would like you to bring all three of them with you next Sunday."

The Gospel and the Law recently Judge Nephi Jensen, while for it. "Stand,"yes, by all means, but

addressing a Sunday School class, made do not stand still.

a statement about as follows: "It has It is a singular and almost parafallen to my lot at different periods in doxical fact that our worst criminals

my life to be a school teacher, a misare foreignborn and come to the sionary, a mission president, lawyer, United States from European lands prosecuting attorney and judge. In all where the law is held in high respect.

these experiences I have never found Usually their first lawless act is bootanything that equals the Gospel as a legging. Americans contribute to their

means of impelling people to be lawdelinquency by patronizing them in observing."their illicit liquor selling. Thereby

The student of "Mormon"tradithey contribute not a small part to tions and beliefs will agree with this robbery, to immorality, even to murSome of these criminals are freconclusion. The true Latterday Saint der.

quently arrested. Attorneys who willholds sacred the rights of his fellowtake any kind of a case, if the fee ismen, and laws can not be broken without infringing on the rights of others. large enough, are not lacking. That

they bring an honorable profession

The Gospel prompts men to serve into disrepute means little to them. Aand honor the Lord, and it is folly for fine is imposed, perhaps a heavy one.

a person to feel that he honors God if As has been recorded in these columns, he wilfully violates the law of the one bootlegger made $69,000 net in land. Civil law can not be segregated one year. What does such a man care

from that of the Almighty. His lanfor a fine. He could pay a large one

guage on this point is unmistakable: every day. But going to prison is

"Let no man break the laws of the something different.

land, for he that keepeth the laws of Public thought On these matters

God has no need to break the laws of must be intensified. Officeholders are

the land. Wherefore be subject to the servants of the people, and the people

powers that be, until he reigns whose should do with them as they do with right it is to reign."any other servant who ignores their

However, it appears necessary to do request, discharge him and seek for one something more than merely observe who will give satisfaction. Even corthe law. Forces are at work which rupt officers, and we believe their nummake it imperative that all who love ber is comparatively few in Utah and

liberty array themselves against the surrounding states, will read and incriminal element. It is no time for terpret the handwriting on the wall

inaction, nor for languid, apathetic acwhen prominent citizens manifest intion. If the present condition is to terest in the matter. If one is found

be corrected, it must be done by courso obtuse or defiant that he will not ageous, unselfish, determined effort on respond, he should be swept out of the part of upright citizens. Heretooffice. Our citizens know how to

fore many of this class have felt that scratch their ballots, and no officeit was not their duty to assist in law holder iin Utah wants further evienforcement further than to "stand"dence of the fact.

June, 1929 EDITOR'S TABLE 687

Take, for example, the law against juries from which he subsequently selling tobacco to persons under the died. Undoubtedly one of the boys,

age of twentyone, which also makes at least, was guilty of criminal careit unlawful for minors to have this lessness. Each admitted having taken

article, forbidden by the law of the a drink. But the widow of the dead

Lord as well as that of the land, in man begged that the district attorney their possession. All except the torecommend to the court a suspended

bacco interests concede this to be wise sentence, inasmuch as the young men legislation, but how many of us ever had paid all the expenses of the case went out of our way to have it enand were giving her ten dollars each forced? Very few, doubtless, in spite per month with the promise that they

of the fact that every member of the would continue to do so during the

Church desires it should be. Conrest of her life. The attorney, a wise

certed and determined action on the and competent man who understood part of leading men and women in the all the details of the case, did as the stakes and wards would result in a widow requested, thereby bringing vastly improved condition, and they upon himself the wrath of some peoowe it to the Church, to their sons ple who thought the guilty parties and daughters and to the country to should have been given a severe jail demand its enforcement. sentence, but who doubtless did not

The Gospel places certain obligaknow all the facts.

tions and responsibilities upon all who In a case of this kind the Gospel of have accepted it. Our missionary sysChrist furnishes many precedents.

tem illustrates the thought in mind. It Sometimes infinitely more good can be

is not enough for us to save ourselves. accomplished by forgiving the repentWe must do all in our power to bring ant sinner than by meting out to him

salvation to our fellowman, with harsh punishment.

kindness and love unfeigned pointing of the name will out to him the way revealed anew by Every man worthy if he knows his best is exthe Almighty. do his best

Another point should be mentioned. pected, but very few will continuif they realize they It is natural for people to criticise, and ously do their best

much undeserved abuse is heaped on are not trusted. It is a good thing to

lawenforcement officers. If they are trust officers until they are proved unlax, people grumble at them; likewise trustworthy; then the public should

if they are very strict. One of our follow that sterner example of Christ

district attorneys recently prosecuted when he threw over the tables of the two young chaps who drove into an moneychangers and forcibly drove old man with an auto, inflicting inthem out of his Father's house.—C.

Aim of the Saints There is no religion above or greater than the truth. Insignificant in

numbers, wealth, education, but divine in origin, our religion has for its object peace and good will, love, meekness, humility, the conception of faith in Jesus

Christ, his mission and sacrifice, his resurrection and passage to glory with the

Father. To put in practice these ideals, a life of clean activity here upon earth,

through earnest, righteous and energetic work, is the aim of every Latterday Saint. Edward H. Anderson.

Matters in this department pertaining to the Metchizedek Priesthood are prepared under direction of the Council of the Twelve: those pertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood under

direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

Instructions Concerning Summer Adjournment

The following letter has been sent monthly quorum meeting be held as to all presidents of stakes: usual. If the conditions in your stake

Dear Brethren: are such that you prefer to make this

In view of the fact that in some of adjustment, that will be entirely satisthe stakes the Mutual Improvement factory to us.

Associations have discontinued their Trusting that this will find you in weekly meetings during the summer the enjoyment of your ministry and season, the presidents of these stakes wishing you every possible success in have felt that it may be desirable for the same, we are, the Melchizedek Priesthood to disconYour brethren in the Gospel, tinue their weekly meetings also, of The Council of the Twelve, course with the understanding that a By Rudger Clawson.

President.

Melchizedek Priesthood Quorums

Suggestive Items for Reports Third Month Committee on Class Instruction

We desire to report that We are glad to report that we have members of the quorum have been in been able to obtain six other volumes attendance at the class Sunday mornfor our library, including a good enings during the past month. The cyclopedia and Lodge and Garner's

great interest in the lessons is mainHistory of the United States.

tained. However, there are a few of the Elder

brethren who leave the preparation of and family are temporarily away from the lessons until they are crowded for home and expect to be gone several time before the meeting of the class. weeks. We have arranged to have

We have endeavored to encourage prelessons forwarded to them and will paration early in the week. keep in touch with them while away.

We have prepared some additional Elder material bearing on the topics to be has been assigned the subject for this discussed this coming month which we evening's discussion, which is, "The will have mimeographed so that the Book of Mormon: what it is, and

members may obtain it. how it was obtained."

Committee on Church Service Methods in Ward Teaching. sent for consideration the "Suggestive

In order to prepare members of the Outline for a Demonstration of Ward quorum or group for more effective Teaching,"presented during Priesthood ward teaching, the committee may preconferences of 1928, which follows:

Suggestive Outline for a Demonstration of Ward Teaching home of a Priest. First Episode, "The Preparation"—by Scene—The

an Elder and a Priest. Greeting at the of door—Statement

.

June, 1919 PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 689

the purpose of the Elder's Third Episode, "The Result"—by call—Response of the Priest to the invitation the family.

of the work for the same home with theextended—Preview Scene—In

the of the famsame family after departure of the evening—Discussion

ilies to be visited and their needs Teachers. The father calls attention

Agreement on the plan to be pursued to the application of the message left of the parts to be taken by the Teachers in the—Assignment home—presenby each in the presentation of the tation of intimate personal problems

message to be quesby members of the family, such, for delivered—Thetions to be asked and the work to be example, as the keeping of the Word

leaving for the visits. of Wisdom, the payment of tithingdone—The

and fast offerings, attendance upon meetings and Church appointments,Second Episode, "The Visit"—by an the keeping of good hours and good

Elder, a Priest, and a family. associations, regularity of family

prayers and blessing of the food—The

home of a representaresulting resolution to improve and Scene—The

tive family of the Church. Time conform to the requirements of the

separation of the famShortly after the evening meal. The Church—The

coming of the at ily with affectionate partings. Teachers—Greetingsthe as to convenience The foregoing may be presented as door—Inquiry

of of the family a demonstration to the quorum or visit—Assembling

The teaching introduced by tactful in- (group) or by the way of topics for quiry as to the welfare of each member discussion. Assignments for thorough

of the family, spiritually, physically, preparation should be made, with the and for acapproval of the quorum president (or morally—Commendation

tivities of members of family as they the presiding officer of the group) have been observed by the Teachers The committee may recommend

Presentation of the teaching message that the entire quorum or group tender for the month (by one of the their services to the bishop to do such

Teachers, disward teaching as he may require, prefstanding)—Stimulating

cussion of leaving of a blesserably by becoming responsible for it—The

ing and suggestive remedies for prob- a given part of the ward and reportlems which may have ing as a quorum or group to the bishop developed—Departure of the Teachers. on the work accomplished.

Committee on Miscellaneous Activity

The committee could give considerTopics of day, particularly those ation to the subject of maintaining atwhich have a bearing directly or intendance at the weekly quorum meetdirectly upon the preaching of the ings as well as the monthly meeting. Gospel.

Transportation to weekly and New advancements in radio.monthly meeting.

Inventions. Attention to those who have no

means of travel. New discoveries in science.

Combining in travel to monthly Archaeological discoveries, etc.

meeting.

Committee on Personal Welfare The Overcoming of Bad Habits. that the following practical rules,

The Forming of Good Habits. formulated by Professor Wm. James,

With the object of helping one anof Harvard, be studied, and carefully other to form good habits, suggest considered by the quorum:

June. 1929690 IMPROVEMENT ERA

First Maxim: "We must make our enable it to cope with the opposition

nervous system our ally instead of under any circumstances. This is

our enemy."the theoretically best career of

COMMENT: "We must make automental progress."

matic and habitual, as early as posFourth Maxim: "Seize the very

sible, as many useful actions as we first possible opportunity to act on can, and as carefully guard against every resolution you make, and on the growing into ways that are every emotional prompting you may likely to be disadvantageous."experience, in the direction of the

SECOND MAXIM: "In the acquisition habits you aspire to gain."

of a new habit or the leaving off of COMMENT: "A tendency to act, only an old one, we must take care to becomes effectively ingrained in us

launch ourselves with as strong and in proportion to the uninterrupted decided an initiative as possible."frequency with which the actions

COMMENT: "Accumulate all the posactually occur, and the brain 'grows'

sible circumstances which shall reto their use. When a resolve or a

inforce the right motives; put fine glow of feeling is allowed to

yourself assiduously in conditions evaporate without bearing practical that encourage the new way; make fruit, it is worse than a chance lost."

engagements incompatible with the Fifth Maxim: "Keep the faculty of old; make a public pledge if the effort alive in you by a little gratuicase allows; in short, envelop your tous exercise every day."

resolution with every aid you know.

is, be systematically This will give your new beginning COMMENT: "That

little unnecessary points; such a momentum that the temptaheroic in

tion to break down will not occur do every day or two something for as soon as it otherwise might; and no other reason than its difficulty,

every day during which a breakso that when the hour of dire need it may find you not undown is postponed adds to the draws nigh, chances of its not occurring at all."nerved nor untrained to stand the

test. Ascetism of this sort is likeTHIRD MAXIM: "Never suffer an the insurance which a man pays on exception to occur till the new habit his house and goods. The tax does is securely rooted in your life."him no good at the time, and posCOMMENT: Professor Bain points sibly may never bring him a return.

out well the importance of this But if the fire does come, his having maxim: "It is necessary above all paid it will be his salvation from

things, in such a situation never to ruin. So with the man who has

lose a battle. Every gain on the daily inured himself to habits of

wrong side undoes the effect of concentrated attention, energetic many conquests on the right. The volition, and selfdenial in unnecesessential precaution, therefore, is so sary things. He will stand like a

to regulate the two opposing powers tower when everything rocks around that one may have a series of unhim, and his softer fellowmortals interrupted successes, until repetition are winnowed like chaff in the has fortified it to such a degree as to blast."

This Quorum Believes in Gospel Service

The Era is indebted to the First Granger, Apr. 10, 1929.

Council of Seventy for the following First Council of Seventy, letter: Dear Brethren:

June, 1929 PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 691

The accompanying picture shows Missionary Committee: This comsome of the results of committee work mittee consists of twenty members

being carried out by the 14th Quorum who have visited some 96 families of Seventy. The day this picture was since the first of January, 1929, the

taken, there were 25 men, 52 horses, president of the stake requesting that 4 manure spreaders, 8 plows, 2 harboth members and nonmembers be rows, and 1 leveler, engaged in preparvisited. The missionaries feel highly

ing the soil for seeding on the encouraged with what has been done farm of one of the quorum members and with the splendid reception acwho has been sick for a long time. corded them.

This practice has been carried out by Social Welfare Work: In the past

this quorum for some time past with year four splendid socials have beenvery encouraging results. It may be had by the quorum. On these occastated that five committees are orsions the wives of the members also

ganized and at work in the quorum participate, and the fraternal and social as given below: spirit manifested binds the members

Personal Welfare Committee: Durcloser in the bond of brotherly love.

ing the last year the quorum has helped Finance Committee: Consists of

its members on four occasions in the three members who collect quorum,way of planting and harvesting crops. missionary and general funds during

In one instance 12 acres of land were the months of September to December, manured, plowed, harrowed, leveled and at Christmas missionaries in forand sown; the second instance was eign missions are sent remembrances in

when four acres of beets were dug and the way of money.

delivered to the loading station;

the third, when the seventies joined Attendance Committee: Consists

with the elders'quorum in Granger of three members who call on all memward and harvested five acres of pobers and encourage and solicit their tatoes; the fourth, four acres of beets attendance at all quorum, priesthood

were dug and delivered to the loading and sacramental meetings. The result

station in Hunter ward. of this activity is that a larger attendWhy Not Have More Such Quorum Activity?

692 IMPROVEMENT ERA June, 19 29

ance is noticed at these various meetHunter wards of the Oquirrh stake of ings. Zion.

We trust this will be of interest to The officers of the quorum feel you and to the Era. We remain,highly encouraged, and a good fraYour brethren,ternal spirit exists between the mem- W. G. Bawden, Aaron Smith,bers and officers of the quorum. J. N. Smith, Cecil Robinson,

There is a membership in the 1 4th O. R. Bawden, Geo. C. Marshall,

Quorum of Seventy of 52. The Emil Feulner, Council.

quorum district comprises Granger and Leonard Wendell, Secy.

Ward Teaching Recently Hugh J. Cannon, associate well and, I believe, thankful for the

editor of the Era, related to us some of opportunity of teaching the principles his experiences in the training of young of righteousness.

ward teachers. He kindly consented to Through the telephone our families

embody some of his thoughts in a are notified in advance of our coming, letter, and it is published herewith. so they are prepared for us and there is

Because of Brother Cannon's long no embarrassment because of untidy experience as a ward teacher, a missionhomes or from other causes. Our mesary, president of a mission and of a sage is briefly presented. We pray with

stake, and the fact that he now finds each family and leave.

time to continue to engage in this Parents have testified that their chilwork, we feel that his article should be dren have been more obedient because a source of inspiration to all those who of these visits, and we have felt that are connected with Aaronic Priesthood good results have come to each member work. We sincerely hope that all stake of the family.

and ward officials will carefully read At first my companion was very this article. diffident, and his mother confided to

Presiding Bishopric. me that he was fearful of being called

upon to take the lead in some of the

Presiding Bishopric, homes. While he has not overcome

City, that feeling entirely, he is now willing

Dear Brethren: to take part in the presentation of our

This is in response to your request subject and has several times expressed that I put in writing some of my himself as really enjoying the work.

thoughts and experiences in regard to In this connection, may I say that ward teaching. in my opinion, formed after a good

For many years this has been a many years of experience, our young very interesting subject to me, and I men are not used nearly so much as was therefore much pleased when they should be in teaching work and

Bishop George S. Spencer and his perhaps in many other lines. The Lord

counselors of the Forest Dale ward, clearly states what the duties of an orGranite stake, assigned six families to dained teacher are, and he certainly me and gave me as a teaching comknows whether young boys can do panion a young and somewhat inexthis work or not. Many experienced

perienced, but very willing, priest. As men have come into my home in this

my home is almost in the center of our capacity and have left a real blessing group, we meet there before entering with me and my family, but the best upon the work of the evening and enteaching I have ever seen in all my life gage in prayer together, then go out was done by two boys, neither one with a sincere desire to do our work more than fourteen years old, in the

June. 1929 PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 693

Third ward of this city, with whom I received a negative reply. The truth

had the privilege of going out on one of the matter was that I was so deeply occasion. I have always felt indebted touched by the whole proceedings that

to Bishop Roscoe W. Eardley for hav- I could not have said a word without

ing given me this opportunity. shedding tears.

I met the boys by appointment on These young lads demonstrated to a street corner. They asked me what me what the Lord had in mind when

my desires were and were told to go he placed this responsibility upon the ahead as they usually did. Together ordained teachers. After all, the most

we went into the home of one of the any visiting teacher can hope to do is boys, where prayer was offered. From to touch the hearts of the people, and

that moment until the last family was it was done in this instance better than visited not a word was said that did I have ever seen it done. Moreover, the

not pertain to the matter in hand, the boys were receiving a splendid traincarrying of the particular message given ing. One of them is already on a

them by the bishop into the homes of mission, and I hope the other will be the people. The first house visited was able to go before long.

that of Bishop Eardley. A hymn was Praying the Lord to bless you in

sung, and the earnest young fellows your responsible positions, I remain presented their message. Then they Yours sincerely,

asked me if I had anything to say and Hugh J. Cannon.

Field Notes

Cottonwood Stake: The Cottonone point per month for each member

wood stake Aaronic Priesthood comobserving the Word of Wisdom; (3)

mittee, with Hyrum Bennion as one point per month for each member chairman, are seeking systematically to paying tithing during the month: (4)

promote this work. Committee meetone point per month for each quorum

ings are held the second Scnday of meeting attended by the supervisor or the month at 1:00 p. m., following bishopric; (5) one point for each

which a meeting is held by the stake topic discussed by the supervisor or presidency and the committee with all bishopric; (6) one point for each asbishoprics and ward supervisors. A signment of duty filled. Estimated

monthly report is obtained from each maximum score for four weeks, 25 ward, showing the activities and aspoints. The ward reports are comsignments performed for all grades of piled into a stake report showing the

the Aaronic Priesthood. A scoring activities of the various wards by comsystem is adopted for stimulating parison and the relative rating. Memfriendly competition between the vabers of the stake committee visit the

rious wards. The basis for this is various wards regularly and seek to

as follows: ( 1 ) One point for each stimulate the performance of all duties

quorum, sacramental, Sunday School by the various members and to proand M. I. A. meeting attended: (2) mote quorum unity and enthusiasm.

Father: "Better be satisfied to stay on the farm. Remember the farms have

given the United States the most of her great men."

Son: "What you say is true, father, and just look what a fix it has placed

the farms C. Retsloff. in."-—D.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT The June Conference The General Conference of the M. Luncheon.

I. A. will convene in Salt Lake City, Finals in contest dancing.

June 7, 8, 9. The tentative program Dancing.

is as follows: Saturday, June 8

Friday, June 7 9:00 a. meetings. m.—Department

9:00 a. Theme: "The Abundant Life m.—General Session—Assembly Grounds. Through the Wholesome Use of Hall—Tabernacle

10:30 a. Sessions: Leisure Time."m.—Department

(a) Executive Officers. 10:00 a. m.—General Assembly—Re-

(b) Music. port of departments on above theme.

of Slogan (c) Community Activity Com11:00 a. m.—Presentation

mittee. for 19291930.

(d) Adult Department. 12:00 a. m.—Y. M. M. I. A. Lunch12:00 a. for Leaders eon for stake superintendents m.—Luncheon

Girls. (One Hotel Utah. of M Men and Gleaner

I. A. Reception in honor representative M Man and Gleaner Y. L. M.

Girl from each stake. Price, 75c of President Martha H. Tingey

per plate.) Bishop's Building.

2:00 p. M. M. I. A. Session. 1:30 p. m.—Contests. m.—Y.

Demonstration of Fathers and Sons'8:00 p. concert and m.—Grand

Outing. grand finals in contests—TaberSeparation into following departnacle.

ments: 9 (a) M Men. Sunday, June

(b) Vanguards.

(c) Scouts. 8:00 a. Officers'Testimony m.—Joint

2:00 p. L. M. I. A. Session. Hall. m.—Y. Meeting—Assembly

Demonstration of Mothers and 10:00 a. Recital- -Taber- m.—Organ

Daughters'Day. nacle.

Separation into following depart10:30 a. I. A. and Primary m.—M.

ments: Session—Tabernacle. (a) Gleaners. Theme—"The Home."

(b) Juniors. 2:00 p. Session- -Taber- m.—General

(c) BeeHive. nacle.

4:30 p. to Saltair. 7:00 p. M. I. A. Ses- m.—Excursion m.—General

Informal reception. sion—Tabernacle.

Summer Work The M. I. A. program for the sumin its bearing upon the welfare of our

mer July, August young people. Every effort should period—June,

while of a lighter nature than that of be made by officers to keep in close perthe regular season, is equally important sonal contact with the members of the.

June, 19Z9 MUTUAL WORK 695 association. We urge that the organ- 2. Meeting of stake boards.

ization of officers be kept intact. It 3. The regular union meeting;

is hoped that there will be few resigcontact between stake and ward officers nations, but where any occur, vacaneither by personal contact or by corcies should be filled at once, before the respondence.

June conference, if possible. 4. Meeting of ward officers.

The Sunday evening joint meetings 5. One recreational event for the

are to continue each month the year entire association: Independence or

round. The General Board will proPioneer-day celebration.

vide suggestive programs for these 6. Group gatherings.

meetings, and also for Sunday evening August sessions of quarterly conferences to be used when these conferences occur in 1. Joint M. I. A. Meeting, August

the respective stakes. 4th.

We make the following general 2. Meeting of stake boards.

recommendations for the summer pro- 3. The regular union meeting; or

gram: contact between stake and ward officers either by personal contact or by June correspondence.

1. Joint M. I. A. meeting, June 4. Meeting of ward officers.

2nd. 5. One recreational event for the

2. Meeting of stake boards to plan entire association: Fathers and Sons'

and check on the summer program. Outing, Mothers and Daughters'Day.

3. The regular union meeting; con- 6. Group gatherings.

tact between stake and ward officers For the M Men there will be either by personal visits or by cortournaments, baseball, tennis, quoits, respondence. track and field events.

4. Meeting of ward officers to arWe urge all ward officers to make

range for the carrying forward of the it your special business to have perprogram. sonal talks with as many of the young

5. One recreational event for the people in your ward as possible, parentire association: an M. I. A. excurticularly with those who may not have

sion or an outdoor social, picnic or been under the M. I. A. influence durfestival. This may be either a ward ing the year. In a tactful, considerate,

or stake affair. loving way, make these boys and girls

6. One or more gatherings of each feel your personal interest in them.

or social. Fortify them to meet the alluringdepartment—program pleasures of the summer period which

July offer subtle influences sometimes hard for youth to resist. If any have been

1. Joint M. I. A. meeting, July indifferent, let your influence win and

7th. hold them.

Sunday Evening Conjoint Program

Suggestions

1 That the theme for the evening shout for joy,""Zion stands with be "This Is The Place."hills surrounded,""Let Zion in her

2. That the following named songs beauty rise."Solo, "My mountain

form the basis of the musical numbers: home so dear,"to be sung between

"High on the mountain top a banner the two parts of the address.

is unfurled,""Let the mountains 3. That the presentation of the

June, I9 2Q696 IMPROVEMENT ERA

slogan be preceded by a quotation or a and to which reference is made, may oneminute reading advocating obbe used by the speakers.

servance of law. 6. That the ward officers or a pro-

4. That the address on "This Is gram committee arrange the details of

the Place"be divided into two parts. the program making such use of the

(a) The prophetic background for suggestions offered as they may deem the declaration by President Brigham best to develop the theme, preceded and men. followed by appropriate music, and Young—young (b) The fulfilment of the declarathen keep the slogan of an unfinished

ladies being responsible. battle for righteousness before the tion—young 5. That the material here presented, minds of the people.

MATERIAL 1. From an Article, "Brigham Young's PreVision of Salt Lake

Valley,"By Junius F. Wells, Published in the

Christmas News, 1924.

(a) The Declaration of Apostle be no way out, at least the precise way we

George A. Smith, Church Hisshould proceed was not determined, altorian, page 17: though explorers were ahead and a part

of the company had gone on to blaze the "We look around today and behold our way and make a road. We were weary city, clothed with verdure and beautiful and some of us nearly worn out. We were with trees and flowers, with streams of

anxious and worried about Brother Brigwater running in almost every direction, ham. I went to him where he lay restand the question is frequently asked, 'How ing: the fever was still upon him. and I

did you ever find this place?'I answer, said to him, 'Brother Brigham, you have

we were led to it by the inspiration of led us across these great plains into these

God. After the death of Joseph Smith, mountains. Here we are stopped and you

when it seemed as if every trouble and are sick, and it doesn't look"to some of us calamity had come upon the Saints, Brigthat there is any way out. The hearts ham Young who was president of the of the brethren are faint and their knees

Twelve, then the presiding quorum of the trembling, and I want to know, Is this the

Church, sought the Lord to know what end?'He raised himself up and said to

they should do, and where they should lead me: 'Brother Lorenzo, when we reach the

the people for safety. While:hey were end of our journey I shall know it; and

fasting and praying daily on this subject. I don't know it.'The next day he was

President Young had a vision of Joseph better, and we journeyed on through the

Smith, who showed him the mountain that canyons and finally over the mountains we now call Ensign Peak, immediately into the valley."

north of Salt Lake City; and there was

an ensign fell upon that peak and Joseph (c) Statement of Apostle Wilford said: 'Build under the point where the Woodruff, page 60:

colors fall and you will prosper and have peace.'"When we came out of the canyon into

full view of the valley, I turned the side (b) The Narrative of Patriarch Loof my carriage around, open to the west, renzo Dow Young, page 58: and President Young arose from his bed

"We had reached the mountains, and took a survey of the country. While

Brother Brigham was quite sick with gazing on the scene before us, he was enmountain fever and the camp laid over a wrapped in vision for several minutes. He

day or two because of sickness. We were had seen the valley before, in vision; and

at a place from which there appeared to upon this occasion he saw the future glory

June, 19 29 MUTUAL WORK 697

of Zion and of Israel as they would be, Mountain. When on its summit I diplanted in the valleys of these mountains. rected Elder Woodruff, who had kindly

When the vision had passed, he said: 'It tendered me the use of his carriage, to

is enough. This is the right place, drive turn the same half way round, so that I

on.'could have a view of a portion of Salt

Lake Valley. The Spirit of Light rested

The Testimony of President Brigham upon me, and hovered over the valley, and

Young, page 6: I felt that there the Saints would find

"I ascended and crossed over the Big protection and safety."

2. From an Article, "This Is the Place,"By Nephi L. Morris, Same

Issue of News.

The Words of Presiding Bishop place. * * * Here is peace; here is

Charles W. Nibley, Page 97: abundance; * * * which no other people

"He did not know at the time the in the world have."

marvelous riches of this land, but you can Prophecies: Micah IV.draw a circle around Salt Lake City 300 Ancient—See Compendium, page miles, making this citv the center, and Modern—See 274.

there is more of gold, of silver, of iron, of coal, of land, of copper, and of all the Slogan in Production:

precious metals: more variety of grains and A free people may amend or repeal

vegetables, and fruit and flowers; more of a law of their own making, but they

everything that is needful for the use of cannot disregard such a law without man within that circle, than in any such striking at the top root of the tree of area in all the known globe. This is the liberty.

Mutual Hour on the Radio Station M. I. A. broadcasting. far as the message can be made to

Stand by for important announcereach, a weekly reflection of M. I. A.

ments. activities. To nonmembers of the

Are you listening in on the Mutual Church and also to members of the

Hour program.''Church who are not members of the

By special arrangements with Sta- M. I. A., the aim is to convey an idea

tion K. S. L. at Salt Lake City, each of the real spirit and purpose of these

Sunday afternoon from four to five, organizations.

mountain time, is "Mutual Hour.'The first series beginning early in

Programs of a very interesting and inthe year was conducted by the adult spirational character are conducted by committee of the two General Boards.

special committees of the General The programs were of a uniformly

Board of Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A. high standard and evidences of unusual

To the many other means employed interest were manifest on all sides.

in spreading the spirit and helpfulness These programs were of a strictly eduof M. I. A. the newest method of comcational character, no attempt whatever

munication has now been added. Rebeing made to use Mutual Hour for

ports already received indicate widepurposes of propaganda.

spread interest in the programs of the The present series is being conducted

Mutual Hour and each week brings inby a committee representing all M. I.

dications of more general participation A. departments and is intended to refrom all parts of the West. flect the recreational and leisuretime

The aim of the Mutual Hour proactivities being carried on in the M.

gram is to bring to our members, as I. A.

June. 1919698 IMPROVEMENT ERA

For the period ending Sunday, July sentations and illustrations directed 1 4, a coordinated series of presentaespecially to the possibilities of drations by outstanding authorities has matics in M. I. A. groups. On this

been provided. In orderly sequence, the program sacred music will be discussed

various phases of speech activities are and illustrated during the music period.

being presented and these are being July 7, the program will be devoted paralleled with presentations of the to story telling representing spokenmost important fields of music. An word activities, and the opera repreoutline of the programs from June 2 senting music. Both these features

to July 14 will give an idea of the will be presented with appropriate ilscope of the work covered and should lustrations.

arouse the interest of every M. I. A. July 14, the concluding program of

worker and in fact every lover of good the present series will include the music and the various forms of speech. drama and community music. The

June 2, the program covers public period devoted to drama will be a conspeaking and story music. Public tinuation of the previous program and

speaking has already been presented in should be extremely helpful to drathe programs since May 12. These matic leaders throughout the Church.

presentations have been made by Prof. Community music will be treated by

Herbert B. Maw, member of the Gen- J. Spencer Cornwall, music director

eral Board of Y. M. M. I. A. and of the Y. M. M. I. A., and will be

head of the department of public presented especially from the standspeaking at the University of Utah. point of the musical needs of our own

It is the plan to have Prof. Maw concommunities.

tinue his lectures and demonstrations Among the outstanding authorities covering public speaking. The storyin the different lines who are particimusic period will present the types of pating in the presentations of the

music requiring a story to be known in spokenword and music activities, in advance in order fully to appreciate the addition to those mentioned, are Anmusic itself. This program will be thony C. Lund, Frank W. Asper, Edpresented by Mrs. Ethel S. Anderson, ward P. Kimball, Tracy Y. Cannon,

assistant chorister of the General Board Thomas Giles, Gerrit de Jong, Marof Y. L. M. I. A. garet Summerhays, Marion Redd,

June 9, it is planned to present the Maud May Babcock and Janet Barker.

winners in the public speaking and The committee is anxious to have as music contests in the Church finals, many people as possible take advantage which will be held on the preceding of the information presented in these day. In order that these young people programs and offers the suggestion that

might be heard by as many people as persons having radio sets invite into possible, special arrangements have been their homes for the Mutual Hour other made to have them appear over K. S. friends and neighbors who do not have

L. during Mutual Hour. access to radios. A splendid opporJune 16, the spokenword division tunity is presented to spread the spirit

of the program will continue the lecof M. I. A. by the formation of groups

tures and demonstrations on public in the various committees meeting speaking, and the musical period will each Sunday afternoon during Mube devoted to voices and vocal music. tual Hour. Ward presidents could conJune 23, this program will conclude sistently take the lead in the formation

the public speaking features and naof such groups, thereby continuing the tionality in music will include the outinfluence of M. I. A. during summer

standing characteristic music of the months. Special features in the presleading nationalities. ent series are being planned and addiJune 30, the spokenword division tional announcements will be made in

will be devoted to drama with prethe M. I. A. magazines for July.

June, 1929 MUTUAL WORK 699 M MEN DEPARTMENT Tenth Anniversary Banquet of Ensign Stake M Men

Although but eight years have ducting the class work and activities elapsed since the Church adopted the was given over to the boys themselves.

said by the General BoardM Men plan in place of the old senior As was

Senior Committee, in discussing the classes, Ensign stake M Men have just celebrated their tenth anniversary. needed change in the department more

This movement had its inception in than a year later, the young men were the 18th ward in March of 1919, getting "increased, directed responsiand came about like this: In the spring bility in the conduct of their class exerof 1919 it was found that scouts of cises and activities."And this was

prewar days had grown into seniors true, for these young men conducted of postwar days, but that there was their own class and arranged for their little to hold their interest in the senior own socials as they do today. Comclass. In an effort to interest these mittees were appointed to direct ward

young men, the 1 8th ward presidency dances, arrange for class programs and asked Irwin Clawson, who had had for hikes and trips which the class these boys as scouts, to take the group. made outside of the Mutual night.

Each Tuesday evening the class had an Brother Clawson believed that these open forum in which there was dismen would develop faster if they were cussed matters of religion, ethics and given the responsibility of running kindred subjects. their own class under the not too On the third Tuesday in March of

strict guidance of an instructor. Hence 1919, this class elected H. Hartland

he organized his class along the lines Halliday as president, Clarence Giles of the present M Men class. The as vicepresident, and Harold Noall as

boys quickly grasped the opportunity secretary and treasurer. A constituand formed their own club, with the tion was adopted and committees apusual officers and committees. Conpointed. The first social affair was

ENSIGN STAKE M MEN BANQUET

Jane, 1929700 IMPROVEMENT ERA

an afterMutual dance given on Arbor of young men. In the spring of

day. It was the first successful ward 1920, a meeting of the senior superdance given in the 1 8th ward that visors of the city stakes was called by

year, and the boys felt satisfied, even the General Board to meet at the Desthough they just made their expenses. eret Gym. The stake superintendents

The class continued to function until were also invited. At this meeting

June, when an adjournment was taken Supt. John D. Giles outlined the new

for the summer. During the summer club organization and the success atthe class president, Brother Halliday, tendant on it.

was called to labor in the Western Finally, on May 19, 1920, the

States mission. whole subject was referred to a joint

At the annual election of the club, juniorsenior class committee. The

held in October, Clarence L. Giles was following week this committee recomelected president, Harold F. Noall, vicemended that the seniors be given "inpresident, and Adrian J. Gray, secrecreased, directed responsibility in the

class exercises and actary and treasurer. A difficult problem conduct of the

2, 1920, this comarose with the opening of the Mutual tivities."On June

in the fall of 1919. Whereas all the mittee supplemented its previous report

a class organizationsenior class were welded into this ACE by recommending

Club, during the preceding spring, of a club with a president and secrewith the opening of Mutual a number tary and suggesting the duties of each;

of men appeared as members of the also occasional openforum meetings new senior class, and their relation to with a provision for lessons by the the compact group of last year's senior class leader from the senior manual.

It will beclass gave much concern. It was deThis report was adopted.

cided to accept all new members of observed that the report embodies just the senior class as members of this the changes made by the Aces in formACE Club. The organization was ing their senior class into a club, even

perfected as before. The entire class to the radical change suggested by the

committee that class leadership bework, as well as the outside activities, was conducted by the club officers unabandoned and a directed responsider the guidance of Brother Clawson. bility of the senior men themselves be

The club undertook to give afterMu- substituted therefor. This was the

tual dances every three weeks or so breath of life imparted to the senior 1 8th ward in March ofthroughout the year and did so. The class of the

club divided the profits with the 18th 1919.

ward Y. L. and Y. M. M. I. A. on Frank Bailey, one of the charter

the basis of onethird to each, with members of the ACE Club, explained the result that the club itself and the the workings of this organization to

Mutuals finished the year of 1919the M. I. A. conference in June, 1920.

20 with substantial treasuries. Dur A year and a half after the organizaing the fall of 1919, the members were tion of the senior class into the ACE

disturbed when their activities had Club, the movement spread beyond caused some unfavorable discussion on the bounds of the 18th ward. Supt.

the part of certain General Board memJohn D. Giles commenced the orbers. Apparently this arose from the ganization of similar clubs in other

use of the initials A-C-E, which gave wards of Ensign stake. Granite stake

the impression that the club was a took hold of the movement and found secret society. Later, on two occasions, in Burton ward that the club organithe class was visited by General Board zation in their senior class was a sucmembers. They were satisfied that cess. They so reported to the General

ACE meant nothing and that the reBoard and received permission to try organization of the senior class was similar organizations throughout the the change required to hold the interest Granite stake.

June, 19Z9 MUTUAL WORK 701 Within a little more than two years, of these ACE "publications"have been this method of handling the senior lost. It is the earnest desire of the

classes was accorded general approval. Ensign stake M Men that the General

By 1921 all the city stakes were using Board will provide a safe resting place the club method. for these historic books and will perThanks to Clarence L. Giles, there suade the club to part with them, for

is a recorded history of this senior these four are now more than a conclass. In the ACE Club 191920 temporaneous history of the Aces. It

Year Book, the history is described at is a history intimately connected with length. It is an interesting 20page the growth of the M. Men movement.

affair, highly illustrated, with many a It is a record of the doings of a senior quip and joke. It was sent to the ACE class, which had developed the M Men

missionaries in the field and was by idea and organization and pioneered them passed around to their friends. In that field for a year and a half before

the years that have elapsed, all but four that plan was adopted by the Church.

, 1929 Y. M. M. I. A Efficiency Report eor April

boc O < >Cn '3 c s; co a *Ua c o P. boe a c at s '5 rj STAKE to 00 < JO <y s

C 'c < So -a bo a c a 6 c S 3 O S m t t/1 Q 3 h >< 5 O Ensign 20 19 11 14 17 10 10 27 18 18 164

Juab 7 6 8 3 6 2 4 12 2 4 54 Lehi 13 18 12 16 10 10 10 7 12 13 121

Liberty 22 18 13 15 20 10 16 35 8 11 168

North Weber 9 11 8 7 6 7 7 13 10 20 98

Ogden 17 14 8 10 13 5 14 23 7 4 115 6 9 9 76 9 16 128 Palmyra. n 16 14 10

Parowan.. 6 8 8 5 3 3 9 5 6 53

Pioneer... 1.4 17 19 10 12 10 12 21 3 10 128

Salt Lake 14 16 8 12 13 8 8 19"7 8 113

Sevier.. 22 21 14 16 20 10 10 32 7 8 160

South Davis 25 20 15 14 20 10 25 35 8 20 192

South Sanpete 14 18 15 8 18 no 8 17 8 10 126

Uintah 3 18 15 10 10 10 5 6 8 6 91

Wasatch. 18 17 16 10 15 10 10 18 2 2 118

Weber... 17 17 14 11 11 10 24 8 15 127

Franklin. 13 15 14 9 9 7 5 19 19 17 127

Fremont 19 19 15 12 16 10 11 26 13 13 154

Malad 8 12 15 9 10 6 6 18 1 l 13 1 18

Minidoka... 9 10 1? 7 7 5 4 14 8 9 85

Portneuf 5 8 6 7 4 3 1 6 9 5 54

Yellowstone 9 10 8 7 7 6 7 12 6 10 82

Big Horn 2 3 1 12 1 1 1 3 3 27

Hollywood 12 10 13 8 10 6 4 11 6 9 89

Los Angeles 19 17 19 13 17 9 14 31 14 19 172

San Francisco 19 | 14 13 13 17 1 8 9 20 | 22 16 151

Woodruff 15 1 18 7 13 10 1 10 10 26 10 10 129

Cafifornia Mission 16 1 16 18 13 17 1 10 5 16 17 24 152

Central States Mission.... 18 1 10 40 15 9 1 7 1 11 16 127

N. W. States Mission.... 12 1 13 34 11 1 11 8 5 17 1 7 12 130

The Forbidden Fruit

By Albert R. Lyman

Our first parents were told in the Of those who break this law Pres

Garden of Eden that if they partook ident Brigham Young said, "Darkof a certain fruit they would die. The ness and blindness of mind with regard

scriptures tell us they were first to die to the things of God will be their as to things spiritual, and that the lot."President Joseph F. Smith said,

death of the body was to be inevitable "They are faultfinders and do not even though it were delayed. Their know what is the matter with them."

partaking of that fruit was followed Whatever the breaker of the Word by a deathlike numbing of their of Wisdom may be, he is not what spiritual senses, and the agencies of he would be if he observed that law.

decay began bearing them down to Often he is soured and disgruntled;

the grave. through his blinded eyes he sees the

The Lord has required that we reChurch going all wrong, and there is frain from certain things which, if little use of trying to show him his we partake, will result in a deadening error till he observes the law by which of our spiritual senses, and our claim we may "receive wisdom and great to life will be materially weakened. treasures of knowledge."

With us, however, the law states the The Word of Wisdom is a law of reward for observance, leaving its oplife and light, as they who observe it posite to be plainly implied. If we will unhesitatingly testify. That

observe the Word of Wisdom we are the transgression of. this law brings

to have health, wisdom, knowledge, darkness and death is amply proved endurance and to be passed by the deby a careful survey of those who viostroying angel and not slain. late it.

A Sweet Low Tone

Solitude, and ever the stars Solitude, and only the stars

Glow brighter in yonder deep. For company through the night!

Lonely, I'm thinking of you, my love, Lonely I rest on the desert plain,

Calmly I fall asleep. Nothing below in sight.

Silently shall fly the hours, Silence oppressively holds

While near me ever will seem A thrall o'er my yearning heart,

Your guardian presence that shall bring Till nature's minstrelsy I hear

A song within my dream A sweet low tone impart

A sweet low tone that seems to be A sweet low tone that seems to be

Your tender voice that comforts me Your happy voice that welcomes meAnd in the desert's symphony Again, dear heart, our home I see,

I'm with you once again! I'm with you once again

Maywood. Calif. Joseph Longking Townsend

During the latter part of April, ber of the faculty of the Latterday

President Heber J. Grant made a Saints'College, has been called to prehurried trip to Los Angeles where, on side over the Northcentral States misthe 28th of that month, he dedicated sion. He succeeds President John G.

the Hollywood stake tabernacle. He Allred, who has presided in that miswas accompanied by Pres. Charles W. sion ever since its creation in the sumNibley. mer of 1925. President Welling filled

The Hollywood stake was organ- a mission more than a score of years ized in May, 1927, and now has a ago in the Eastern States, and his trainpopulation of more than four thouing, faith and kindly spirit well sand members. The beautiful taberqualify him to carry on the excellent

nacle, erected at a cost of nearly work of Pres. Allred. His wife, who

$300,000, has been completed and will accompany him, is an ardent paid for since the organization of the Church worker and will prove a splenstake. did aid to her husband, having as she

does an intimate knowledge of the

The program, suggested in the April needs of the auxiliary organizations.

number of the Era by the Presiding * * *

Bishopric for the Lesser Priesthood On Sunday, April 28, the Emery

Centenary celebration, was effectively stake was reorganized under the direccarried out in most of the wards of the tion of Elder Joseph Fielding Smith,

Church. Sunday, May 12, was given of the Council of the Twelve. Presover largely to programs furnished alidents Lars P. Oveson and his counmost entirely by the boys, though in selors. Presidents Alma G. Jewkes and

many of the morning sessions beauAlonzo E. Wall, were honorably retiful Mother's Day exercises were comleased, after nineteen years of faithful

bined with Priesthood activities. Tuesservice. For twenty years Pres. Oveday evening, the 14th, these programs son was bishop of Cleveland ward and

were continued, and the effect of the was then asked to move to Castle Dale

Priesthood on the lives of our youth and serve as president of the stake. He

was demonstrated in an impressive and has been very diligent in the disin many cases in a very touching mancharge of every duty as have likewise ner. It is not too much to say that no his counselors and the members of the

other organization in the world offers high council associated with him.

boys and young men an equal opporElder A. Richard Petersen, was aptunity for development in spiritual pointed as the new president of the

matters. In most of these gatherings, stake. He was formerly president of

they did the speaking, the praying, the Norwegian mission and, until the blessed and passed the emblems of the new call came to him, was bishop of holy sacrament and, indeed, furnished Ferron ward. He selected as his counpractically the entire program. selors, Elders J. Frank Killian and Ne-

* * * phi L. Williams. President Killian

Elder Arthur Welling, formerly has served as representative in the state bishop of Liberty ward in the Liberty legislature for two sessions. Pres.

stake, and for eight years past a memWilliams has been a very efficient stake

June. 19 29704 IMPROVEMENT ERA

superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A. was honorably released Sunday, April

for several years. 28, because of his removal to Provo.

Pres. Wells T. Brockbank, formerly

second counselor to Pres. Gardner, is

now advanced to the position of first

Pres. Ed. M. Rowe, first counselor counselor. The vacancy caused thereto Pres. Henry A. Gardner ever since by is filled by the selection of Elder G

the organization of the Palmyra stake, Ray Hales.

Elias Morris & Sons Co.

GEO. Q. MORRIS, Manager

Mantels, Tiles and Memorials Set in All Parts of the West

Write for Information

"Where the Fire Burns"21 West South Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah

University Training A Is of Paramount Importance to Young Men and Young Women who have a

Desire to take their Place Among the Leaders of Men.

To be "Y* Trained is to be Carefully

Trained

Located in the Heart of Utah in Provo, a Clean, Wholesome City on the Shores of Utah Lake, at the foot of the rugged Wasatch Mountains, easily accessible the year 'round, Brigham Young University offers a situation for study unexcelled by any institution of Higher Learning.

It is Accredited by The Association of American Universities

The Fall Quarter Begins September 16 "You are never without friends at the 'Y'."

TheSummer Quarter Opens in Provo, June 10; the second term at

Aspen Grove, July 22.

For Information Address BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PROVO, UTAH

II HEX WRITING TO ADVERJISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

IF YOU

Are troubled with indigestion, constipation, skin disorders;

if your system needs a toning up, you should eat Fleischmann's Yeastfor-Health. Eat three cakes daily, either before

or between nieals. Take it plain in small pieces, dissolved

in water, milk or any favorite beverage, or between crackers, fact, any way you prefer. Thousands of people have—in

found better health through eating this natural fresh food.

Grocers sell it as a service to their customers. Many recommend it to ailing customers and gain their appreciation and

good will. They find, too, that people who eat Yeast are

their best customers.

Fleischmann's Yeast

At all Grocers

MISKIN SCRAPERS

EASY

TO FOR Attf"HANDLE HORSES,/3j2 %

EASY OR TO TRACTOR PULL %*sj WEEDS GROW UP ALL AROUND ALL OTHER SCRAPERS WHERE

THE MISKIN IS KNOWN Level your farm now. NO BETTER INVESTMENT CAN POSSIBLY BE MADE

AT THIS TIME, as it is well known that a leveled farm is cheaper to operate, requires less water to irrigate and less labor and time to produce an even distribution of crops and a much greater yield. The efficient and economical way to do this is

with a Miskin Scraper.

WRITE FOR CATALOG

Manufactured only by MISKIN SCRAPER WORKS UCON, IDAHO

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Persuasion Needed "Do you stand back of every statePhotographic ment you make in your newspaper?"

little man.

yes,"answered the Views of asked"Whythe—timider—

"Then,"said the little man, holdUtah Scenery country editor.

ing up a notice of his death, "I wish you would help me collect my life including Grand Caninsurance."Writings. yon from North Rim Wroe's

and Teton Nat. Park.

Hand Colored in Oil in attractive Frames Joe didn't listen, look or stop, from |3.00 Up They dragged his flivver to the shop.

It only took a week or two Films, Photo Supplies To make the car look good and new,

Korrect But though they hunted high and low FINISHING odak They found no extra parts for Joe.

- Mountain States Monitor.

Utah Photo Material Co. "Where'd you get that eye?"

"You know that pretty little 27 West South Temple Street woman we said was a widow?"(Opposite Temple Square)

SALT LAKE CITY - UTAH "Yes."

"Well, she isn't."

LATTERDAY SAINTS GARMENTS

Save Ajrent's Commission—Buy Direct from Our Modern Factory Made

Individual to order, OLD or NEW Style.

Samples submitted on request.

N For LADIES No For MEN SI Flat Weave $.93 92 Ribbed Light Wt 1.25

82 Ribbed Light Weight 1.25 03 Ribbed Extra Fine 1.50

S3 Fine Quality Cotton 1.50 925 Med. Light Wt 1.75

862 Fine Mercerized Lisle 1.95 97 Med. Wt., Silk Stripe 1.95 822 Silk Stripe, Med. Wt 1.50

821 Extra Fine Silk Stripe 1.95 975 Med. Heavy Wt 1.75

S26 Fine Rayon Silk 2.95 9107 Wool and Cotton Mix 3.75

BE SURE to specify OLD or NEW Style, light weights are usually made with short sleeve and threequarter legs according to TEMPLE PATTERN, the heavy weights are regularly made with long sleeves and long legs.

In ordering, to insure good fit, give bust measure, height and weight.

Garments marked, 15c pair extra. We prepay postage to all parts of the

United States. $1.00 extra for old style silk, 25c for marking silk.

Quality Highest—Prices Lowest

SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE 70 Main Street, Salt Lake City

Oldest Knitting Store in Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I

Sign in music store: "Kiss the Girl

Wasatch 1478 you Love'and many others just as good."Mountain States Monitor.

Playhouse Formerly the Wilkes Young Lady (to acquaintance in Sunday"Matinee MSV ZO lobby): "Who is that very homely RETURN OF

man over there?"GLADYS GEORGE

"That is my brother."For Special Starring

Engagement in Embarrassed Young Lady: "Oh

"COQUETTE"of stupid of course—how me—New York's Reigning

should have noticed the resemblance."Dramatic Sensation

Starting Sun. Mat. June 2

Street Vender: "Suspenders, susSpecial M. 1. A. Conference

penders! Only 25 cents a pair, buy Attraction

them, try them, surely at such a low GLADYS GEORGE price you can not lose much."In the Famous

Marjorie Rambeau Success Old Gent: "Mebby they don't look "THE GOLD FISH"

like much to you, but they're the only Order Seats a Week Ahead pair of pants I C. Retsloff. got."—D.

"That Buyer Gains Who Deals With Daynes"

OUR ANNUAL JUNE Special Diamond Ring Offer

During the month of June with every diamond ring sold to the value of $50.00 or more we will present

free one 18 Kt. handcarved wedding ring to matcli.

1/3 Carat fine BlueWhite Diamond

Set in 18-K Hand Carved White Gold Mounting - - $100.00

Ask for Information On Our Payment Plan

re you using '

the Daynes:B&* "36B

Sanitary Sacrament 'w** BUI Service? for HHflff Write V- Booklet

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the hlffheat class of advertising. We recommend to oor

readers the firms and goods found In onr advertising: pares

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSl'E Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Keeley Ice Cream Co.

Bennett Glass & Paint Co. L. D. S. Business College

Boyd Park Jewelry Co. Miskin Scraper Works

Brigham Young University Playhouse Theatre Consolidated Music Co.

DaynesBeebe Music Co. Salt Lake Knitting Works

Daynes Jewelry Co. Saltair Beach

Deseret Book Store Southern Pacific Lines

Deseret News Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

Elias Morris & Sons Utah Photo Materials Co.

Fleischmann's Yeast Zion's Cooperative Merc. Inst.

Boxing Instructor (after first lesson): "Now, have you any questions to

ask?"Beginner (in a daze): "Yes, how much is your—Mt.correspondenceStates Monitor.course?"

The following ad from the Yorkshire Post reminds us of the want ad for "a strong horse to do the work of a country minister:"

"Man wanted for gardening, also to take charge of a cow who can sing in the choir and blow the organ."U. P. Magazine.

Mother: "Dorothy, you have disobeyed mother by racing around and

making all that noise. Now you cannot have that piece of candy."

Father (entering a few moments later): "Why so quiet, little one?"

Dorothy: "I've been fined for speedin'."

Wedding Announcements

and Invitations

Be sure to see us before ordering your announcements or invitations. If you are unable to come in, don't hesitate to write for samples

and prices. You should entrust this work to a firm that assures you

the newest in style and correctness in taste. Our line is complete.

Printed, Process Embossed, and Engraved, Prices are right.

8* fc

The Deseret News Press 29 Richards Street Salt Lake Citv

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Tommy: "Were there any flappers

in the middle ages?"

Pa: "Yes, son, there has always been

middleaged C. Retsloff. ones."—D.

He (throwing down a magazine in disgust): "I don't see why Hibbard

insists on writing smutty stories."

She: "How can he write any other We Specialize in making up

kind? I've heard that his father was

a chimney sweep."D. C. Retsloff. Stage Curtains and

Draperies Modern and up to the Minute.

Our work shop is equipped with the very

Jones was never an early bird at the latest appliances.

office. One morning his boss exclaimed:

"Late again! Have you ever done anyGall at Z. C. M. I.

thing on time?"Drapery Department

"Yes, sir,"was the meek but prompt Let Our Decorator Give You an Estimate

FREE OF CHARGEreply. "I purchased a car."

—Motorland.

LET'S GO TO KEELEY'S "The Home of Good Things to Eat >>

For Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner Light refreshments—MISSIONARIES

or Full Delicious Box Course Dinners Lunches for the train foods—Homelike up to your order. prepared by—put

women cooks. "Gems of Good Cookery"

ICE CO. KEELET CREAM

- SaAlain. - 160 SaMain 55 260 Sa State -rnillrs QwdyDept.

5 Popular Stores

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

There is One Safe Guide to Diamond Values to the people of Utah since 1862 it is the name Boyd Park—Jewelers

and Up $50.00—$75.00—$100.00

Tune in on K. S. L. every Wednesday BOYD PARK evening and hear the interesting talks JEWELERSj on Diamond values by Boyd Park. IOC MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY

It costs no more to buy here

She: "What is the most shocking thing you can imagine?"

He: "A war in which all the fighting will be done by electricity."

C. Retsloff. * * * *—D.

Someone has said: "If you teach a boy to blow a saxophone, he'll never

blow a safe."Even so, it's not a thing to decide hastily. The New Yorker.

-f, Q 2ft 2f An old southern planter was discussing the hereafter with one of the colored servants. "Sam,"he said, "if you die first, I want you to come back and

tell me what it's like over there. If I die first I'll come back and tell you what

it's like."

"Dat suits me, Massa,"replied the old negro, "but if you dies first, ah wants you to promise me dat you'll come back in the daytime."Christian

Leader.

Consolidated Music Company 117119-121 MAIN ST Dealers in Happiness

We supply that which every home needs and must have, be it a cottage small or a great mansion—music—the

great key to happiness and pleasure.

We invite you to call in our store at any time, regardless of whether you wish to purchase or not.

For here you will find the leaders, the famous Steinway and other world known pianos, the new Orthophonic

Victrolas, the new VictrolaRadiolas and Victor Records.

The big names of the radio world, "ZENITH"and "ATWATER KENT."In band instruments, etc,., King, Leedy

Banjos, the best drums and drummer's equipment and the largest stock of sheet music, books and musician's supplies, to be found in the west.

The Best Musical Instruments at the Lowest Prices You Find Anywhere

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Physical Nourishment

is Not Necessary—But

More So Than Mental Food

Every home should have a library containing hooks for each member of the family.

"The Glory of God is Intelligence,"said His Prophet.

Seek knowledge as well as pleasure out of good books.

LET US HELP YOU SELECT YOUR LIBRARY

Deseret Book Company 44 East On South Temple Street Salt Lake City, Utah

A ZEST FOR LIFE

A healthy appetite, a vigorous enjoyment of the day's doings, a lively interest in the happenings of the world—these are the attributes only of the healthy body, free from

all devitalizing imparities.

Three cakes of Fleischmann's Yeast, eaten regularly every day, one before each meal or between meals, plain or in water (hot or cold), stimulates digestion, banishes constipation and keeps the body fresh and clean internally.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST At All Grocers'

Fire Is No Respecter Of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBElt J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "For the Adornment and Protection of All Surfaces"Use BENNETT'S "Property Life Insurance'PAINT PRODUCTS Buy them from your local dealer

An Overall with a Classy Appearance MOUNTAINEER EXPRESS STRIPE OVERALLS

OTTARANTBED FOR QUALITY, FIT, AND SERVICE A clean, neat appearinggarment for the Store Clerk, the Flour Mill

Operator, the Dairyman, the Garage Man, the Teamster None Too Large None Too Small

ERA OF IMPROVEMENT

The Beneficial has Played a Prominent Part in Life Insurance Development by

Inaugurating a New Plan PARTICIPATING INSURANCE AT LOW NONPARTICIPATING RATES All Beneficial Policyholders Share in the Net Earnings of the Company Any Beneficial Representative Will Advise You on Any Insurance Problem—Without Obligation

Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

Home Office Vermont Bldg.. Salt Lake City, Utah

Fieber.T. Grant, President E. T. Ralphs, Gen. Manager

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA