LOOK

FOE

MERM

ON fflE

- ABEL

*M y

COPR. 1959, VAN CAMP SEA FOOD COMPANY

it comes to tuna... itpays to buy the best When

Tuna costs so little in comparison to TUNA CURRY CASSEROLE other foods, it makes sense to serve the 2 6V20Z. cans Vi CU P chopped onion

finestthe prime fillet tuna -White Star White Star Brand Tuna Vi cup chopped green pepper brand. No other brand is pressurebaked 11 lOVzoz-cup milkcan mushroom soup V2 curryto 1 teaspoonpowder

in the special way that keeps White Star 2 cups cooked elbow macaroni XA teaspoon oregano so moist, tender and delicate in flavor Combine ingredients in 2-qt. casserole. Bake in moderate oven

You only get a bargain when you buy (350 F.) 30 to 35 minutes. Garnish as shown. Serves 6.

the best - White Star orand - the tuna ':;!;: Ijfc

with the mermaid on the label. ConvenientNow in theNew Thoseuse ourwhosol preferid lightFancytuna...Pack

—|—FamilyFamily size,Size, Too! WHITIaSTA;

jWHITEiSTAR "solid TUNA TttlWhite tar Tuna S All the tfLAVOfc* is not in the soup

(or the cheese or salad or dip, or whatever you serve with Saltine Crackers by Purity)

lhe fresh saltine goodness and crackling crispness of these famous crackers, add their own perky touch to your enjoyment of

Hamsters the hearty flavors in your favorite soup.

When the dish, or the simple snack, calls for crackers, taste what a difference;w Saltines by Purity makes.

Many animals, and men in most cultures, collect more food than is needed and store or hoard it. Squirrels and the pack rats are famous,

but the hamster is perhaps the greatest hoarder. This fat, furry burrower

from the Old World has been known to accumulate such quantities of grain that Dr. John S. Stamm says

that during times of famine in Europe the hamster hoards have been raided to get food for human beings.

Word Meanings

Some languages instead of having large numbers of different words may modify a word to give different meanings. In some Eskimo languages

a "noun"can have more than a thousand forms, each with a different meaning. In the language of Guatemala any verb can have thousands

of different forms by the addition of various endings.

The Puma

The puma, also familiarly known as cougar and mountain lion, may grow in size to over 200 pounds with a front foot track of 6.75 inches.

Though not fond of swimming in water, it has been seen swimming rivers over a mile wide such as the

Columbia, the Fraser, and the Oeuioco. Leaps of 20 feet are comAt yourfavorite grocer's

mon and on some occasions the in 1 and 2 pound cartons puma has been known to leap over 40 feet to reach its prey.

PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

FEBRUARY I960 65

The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Associations, Music Ward Teachers, mmMmmm Quorums,Committee,Mutual Improvement Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for February 1960 Volume 63, Number 2

Church Features

Editor's Page: Ideals of Courtship and Marriage, President David O. McKay.. 78 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

Your Question: Evidences of the First Vision, President Joseph Fielding Smith 80 Coverby Richardby Era CrossettStaff executed

Inlaws get off the boat—IV, Hugh B. Brown 94 Era98,Staff,118, art121,and128photos, 65, 66, 95,

H. Armstrong Roberts, 68

The Church Moves On, 76; Melchizcdek Priesthood, What You Should Know about Your ChurchFarrell Collett,Informationart, 86Service, 78

Handbook, 114; Presiding Bishopric's Page, Fortify Your Home Against Obscenity, 116. JohnDave M.Burton,Goddard,91 89

Lorin Wiggins, 114 V. Douglas Snow and Era Staff,

Special Features art, 118

The Mormons and the American Community, Richard J. Neutra 82 THE COVER:

Twentysix Hours to Make a Dress? 84 (See page 74 for cover note.)

What Is an Ideal Mother?-Part II, W. Cleon Skousen 91 KEY TO PAINTING:

Young People 97 1. Nauvoo Temple

2. Howard Coray Home

(Private Secretary to Joseph Smith)

OfficeBecause We Are Brothers, Lai Wah Quan 98 3. Expositor

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 102, 124 4. Wilson( Major LawGeneral,HomeNauvoo Legion

5. Lorenzo Snow Home

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 65; These Times, Needed: A Gift of Tongues, 6.7. LorinHeber FarrC. KimballHome Home

G. Homer Durham, 68; Letters and Reports, 72; Accent on Youth, 110. 8. Sidney Rigdon Home

9. Joseph Smith Mansion House

10. Joseph Smith's First Home

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor 11.12. JosephWilliamSmithLaw StoreHome

13. First House in Nauvoo

"Ah Sweet Mystery of Life". 118 14.15. BrighamJoseph YoungYoungHomeHome

17. Masonic On Being a Lady: From the Fellows'Point of View 121 16.18. Wilford Woodruff Home Taylor John HallHome and

Times & Seasons Printing Office 19. Bishop Hunter Home

The Last Word 128 20. Parley P. Pratt Home

Stories, Poetry

The Brain, Douglas H. Thayer 86

Kayaks Down the NilePart IV, John M. Goddard 88

Poetry 70, 90, 92, 96, 100, 125

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah

and L- Evans, RichardDavid Editors; Doyle O. McKay

Editor;Production Editor; L. Zorell, Albert Jr., Research L.JohnGreen,G. Kinneab,ManagingEditorialEditor; Associate;Mabba C. FlorenceJosephson,B.AssociatePinnock, ManagingToday's FamilyEditor;Editor;ElizabethRalphJ. ReynoldsMoffitt,

Directors. Art Mahyon,and Ed

Archirald F. Bennett, C. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Habbis, Jb., Milton R. Hunteb, Huch Nibley, Sidney B. Sperby, Contributing Editors.

JosephThayer T.Evans,Bentley,RegionalGeneralAdvertisingManager;Representative.Bertha S. Reedeb, Associate General Manager; Verl F Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snabr, Subscription Director;

Copyright reserved. i960Subscriptionby Mutualprice,Funds,$2.50 Inc.,a year,and inpublishedadvance; byforeignthe Mutualsubscriptions,Improvement$3.00 a Associationsyear, in advance;of the 25cChurchsingleof copy,Jesus exceptChrist forof Latterdayspecial issues.Saints. All rights

Entered of Octoberat 1917,the PostauthorizedOffice, SaltJuly Lake2, 1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

Improvement EraThe a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbut return.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of IVic

days'Thirty notice changes cannot be madeis requiredunless forthe changeold addressof address.as well asWhenthe neworderingone isa included.change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

66 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

High output is your hourlyHIGH OUTPUT bonus when you own Allismeans Chalmers diesel crawler power: Pull power is greater because of heavier weight and HAPPY OWNER! hightorque, followthrough

power. Telltale test—put

your heaviest load on an AllisChalmers crawler model comparable to the *one you own.

More bite, more track on the ground at all times.

Flotation is the best, turning on hills much easier.

Here's a happy combination of track length, tractor balance and final drive design.

Track rollers and idlers need no further lubrication! Permasafe lubrication means many hours

and dollars saved. No daily

greasing required.

Starting is pushbutton easy and quick—directly

on diesel fuel.

True unit construction means every major internal component can be removed or replaced without disturbALLIS-CHALMERS ing adjacent assemblies.

Holds down service time!

Ride that makes longtime friends! Wide, soft,

foam rubber seat with wide arm rests locates operator ahead of sprockets... much

smoother ride. Find out

how friendly this, power is to your profit sheet, too - at your AllisChalmers dealer's.

ALLISCHALMERS, FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION, MILWAUKEE I, WISCONSIN

Ask your dealer about the AllisChalmers plan to finance your time purchase of farm equipment.

FEBRUARY I960 67 These Times

'V

1 try

Needed: A Gift of Tongues by Dr. G. Homer Durham

Vice President, University of Utah

The languages most needed curUndergraduate Education in Inrently by American citizens are diana, 1959, edited by Robert F.

Arabic, Chinese, French, German, Ryrnes), called this "an alarming

Hindustani, Italian, Japanese, Portusituation."Five of the 34 institutions

guese, Russian, and Spanish. This offered a course in Far Eastern hisstatement was issued one year ago tory regularly every year. About

by the Commissioner of Education of 275 Indiana undergraduates studied the United States of America. This Far Eastern history in a single year

"critical"list has been modified (out of 65,000 undergraduates).

somewhat in the intervening months. Twentyfive of the 34 colleges reHowever, the list stands as a useful quired two years of a foreign lanwarning of the importance of language for the B.A. degree, but most

guage in these times. students take the B.S. degree to

A big change has come to the avoid the foreign language requireUnited States since World War II. ment. In the nonWestern languages,

Have we kept up with our world 10 of 34 institutions offered courses position? A recent survey of 34 in Russian. Other nonWestern

Indiana colleges and universities languages were reported to be availreveals scant possibility that Ameriable only at Indiana University, cans study anything outside of Westwhich offers courses in Uralic, er:n culture. Indiana is a typical Turkic, Chinese, and several Eastern

American state, blending north, European languages. Such informasouth, east, and west. What exists tion reveals how far we have yet to

The Good Housekeeping in Indiana probably depicts the gentravel in preparing American stuSeal g uarantees eral situation in the United States. dents for the present world. An

No institution in Indiana requires American can fly to Tokyo, Hong Rancho's its undergraduates to pass a course Kong, or New Delhi in a few hours.

goodness! dealing specifically with a foreign The machine is capable of transarea, except for foreign language mitting the body of the man, and

culit spirit 1 the and individual Of with courses 9 Guaranteed when such are required.

Housekeeping Good attained. he ture has he enrolled, apWhen undergraduates J 65,000 flSJ i**OVMTIStD

proximately 340 students study the lands at the airport in Asia, he may history of Russia in any one year. be poorly prepared for what he sees,

The report on this interesting survey tastes, smells, and hears. 7 (see The NonWestern Areas in What can be done? This is one

DELICIOUS VARIETIES*.

68 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Tired of fabrics that come out of your automatic harsh and scratchy? Then you're ready for White King Soap.

For this is the washday product that removes only dirt—

even deep down dirt—yet leaves the gentle softness in.

Rinses clear, too—leaves none of the harsh deposits

of ordinary washday products that stiffen fabrics. No wonder more of w "i/"""JT'V\

hard water problem? Try the easy White King 1-2 way. (White King

Water Softener Conditioner and White King Soap.) Softens water and saves your neighbors use White King Soap

you up to onehalf on soap. See package for directions. than all other laundry soaps combined.

FEBRUARY 1960 69 of the tasks of the Language DeThe last 15 years have seen ungroup conversation, plays, and velopment Section, recently estabusual opportunities for brilliant movies."

lished in the U. S. Department of young men and women seeking to "Good."To attain this category,

Health, Education, and Welfare, Dr. enter the physical, engineering, and one should have "ability to underKenneth Mildenberger, Chief. A Namedical sciences. A new day is now stand conversation of average tempo,

tional Language Advisory Developdawning for those interested in delectures, and news broadcasts."

ment Committee of twelve members, veloping their talents in the field of "Minimal."To attain a "minimal"

—all serving under the National linguistic skills, literatures, other rating, a person should have "ability

Defense Education Act of 1958, has ideas. This is a day when men need to get the sense of what an educated

also been provided by Congress to to speak with new tongues. native says when he is enunciating

assist. One of the problems is to estabcarefully and speaking simply on a

What is being done? The North lish standards of competence. general subject."

Central Association will accredit no The Steering Committee of the "Not Qualified"This is anything

American high school after 1963 unForeign Language Program of the less than the minimal capacity.

less at least one foreign language is Modern Language Association has The "Qualifications Statement"of available in such high school. This prepared a "Qualifications Statethe Modern Language Association

action, which will affect nearly onement."This is designed to assist in goes on to state similar criteria under

third of our high schools, will unevaluating the competence of high Speaking, Reading, Writing, Landoubtedly stimulate careful action school teachers of foreign languages. guage Analysis, Culture, and Proelsewhere. This tentative form has been enfessional categories, as well as for

Leading universities are now redorsed by 18 national or regional Aural Understanding. The "Supericeiving matching funds to develop language associations. or"rating under "Culture"is stated

selected numbers of trained persons Many readers of this column have as follows:

for language instruction. Of the acquired some language competence, "An enlightened understanding of

critical languages, Arabic, Chinese, largely through missionary service the foreign people and their culture,

Hindustani, Japanese, Portuguese, abroad. You may test yourself achieved through personal contact,

and Russian, all are taught in at against the following criteria, for preferably by travel and residence least 20 universities in America, with "Aural Understanding"only (listenabroad, through study of systematic of culture, descriptions foreign thethe exception of Hindustani. There the under ing and understanding), literature of study through and andis also at or need in least two more "Min- "Superior,""Good,"headings arts."the forgeographically centers separated

the study of Javanese (spoken by imal,"or "Not Qualified": Are you superior, good, minimal,

approximately 42,000,000 people), "Superior."To rate yourself "suor not qualified? It may take some

such African languages as Hausa perior"you must have "ability to thing akin to Pentecostal fervor to (spoken by 13,000,000) and Swahili follow closely and with ease all types meet needs for the gift of tongues (10,000,000). At the present time, of standard speech, such as rapid or in these times.

none of the following appear to be taught in any American university: Afrikaans, Cambodian, Laotian,

Pashto (Afghanistan and Pakistan),

Singhalese (Ceylon), Tagalog (Philippines)—all of which are official

languages of countries important to the United States. Amharic (Ethiopia), Burmese, Bengali, Tamil, and

Thai are taught only at a few institutions. At least fifty languages, each TO MY GRANDSONS

spoken by more than 2,000,000 peoGary and Jeff ple, are not now taught in any

American institution of higher eduby Marie L. Weaver

cation. It will be highly impractical

readily to teach all of them. It is How many times they watched the street for me,

a task, chiefly, for the major uniAnd ran so fast to meet me when I came!

versities. The nation, meanwhile, How many times they stood impatiently

has a big job in improving instrucTo show me treasures, knowing I'd exclaim tion in the critical languages already To see their choicest snails, a robin's egg, taught at one place or another. Or ladybugs they caught that day for me.

It is a good sign when official How often they would crowd my lap, and beg bodies turn their attention to the For just one story more. And when I'd see

problem of language communication. The tousled heads bend low, I'd hold them tight,

It marks the growth of intercultural Reluctant to arise and break the spell relations. It marks concern with That love had spun, or lose the precious sight

communication, in improved relaOf two small, vibrant boys I loved so well.

tions, as well as for armaments and And when I've gone to still another land, defense. I'll watch for them to run and clasp my hand.

70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Nobody ever says Shhh with this Modern*old on the job

O Even youngsters can't get noisy enough to disturb the group next door when you divide your chapel space with the Soundmaster... by

Modernfold.

Here's why: Soundsmothering chipboard (fig. 1) lines both interior

sides of the Soundmaster... giving rawway sound absorption.

In addition, sealer strips (fig. 2) top and bottom, hug the closure so

tight there just isn't any place for noise to leak through.

Even the jamb (fig. 3) is specially designed... with a baffle contour

and foam rubber lining to complete the allaround sound barrier.

And... Modernfold builds this partition to last a lifetime... as you

can see from this view of the Soundmaster 120 hinge plate (fig. 4), heart

of the smooth folding action. Soundmaster is equally durable outside,

thanks to a remarkably tough fabric that survives accidents that would ruin a lesser covering.

But, see for yourself. Send in this coupon today

NEW CASTLE PRODUCTS, INC.

New Castle, Indiana modernfold Gentlemen: Please send us full information on how the

new Soundmaster... by Modernfold... will help us get

double duty from our chapel floor space.

NAME New Castle Products, Inc. New Castle, Indiana

CHAPEL {In Canada: New Castle Products Canada, Ltd., St. Lambert, Que.)

ADDRESS

CITY STATE

bowling in the United States, we would like to see it included in the allchurch athletic program just as basketball and volleyball are. We feel that bowling offers

recreation for the age group over 29 which cannot play in presently sponsored MIA activities due to the age restrictions.

Sincerely yours Floyd B. MortensenLetters League President

and Reports

Pictured above is Connie Palmer, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Ray Palmer of Nampa,

Idaho. Connie has earned 90 honor badges

in two years of Beehive work and graduated as an Honor Bee last August.

Vicksburg, Mississippi

Dear Editors:

I just received a letter from an elder

Sydney, Australia On Sunday morning a fast and testiserving in the army from Cedar City,

Enjoying a threehour chartered ferrymony meeting was held, and on Sunday Utah, now in Seoul, Korea.

boat cruise around the harbor at Sydney, evening more than 350 persons attended a I agree so much with what he said that

Australia, are a few of the young people service at which President Zelph Y. Erek- I feel I would like to pass it on to others.

who participated in a fourday Australian son, outgoing mission president, was the "I received the Improvement Era... and

Mission MIA Youth Conference last year. concluding speaker. I've read many comments in the letters to

Other activities included a getac- Choral numbers were presented by a the editor column, concerning the new quainted sack lunch, a debate between youth choir of over 150 voices. The arrangement of the Era, and I agree that

teams from New South Wales and Queenstheme of the evening service was "Who it is very nice, but to me the great strength land, a "Far East Fantasy Ball,"and a day Shall Ascend into the Hill of the Lord?"of the Era is in its source of material.

of sports and recreation in the Sydney The wisdom given therein is so inspiring

Branch recreation hall and patio. Reported by Elder Robert G. Pedersen that I just try to soak it all up."

I believe this elder has the right attitude. May I add my congratulations to

you, and my thanks for the many hours of inspiration received from the Era.

Be assured that it travels to several isolated families on the Mississippi Bayou before being worn out.

Sincerely, Neil J. Ferrell

Special Investigations Hydraulic Division US Army Waterways Exp. Sta.

Vicksburg, Mississippi

Seattle, Wash. Davis—League Secretary, Fon Holt; StandProvo, Utah

Dear Editors: ing—Les Mabe, Ted Elmer, Max Davis, Dear Editors:

Enclosed is a photograph of our first Spencer Preece, Boyd Newman, Dean Many thanks for the portraits of Christ's stake sponsored Bowling League of the Austin—9th Ward Bishop, Jim McKenna, apostles contained in the November issue

Seattle Stake, Seattle, Wash. Sam Lewis, Dick Clark, Olof Kilstrom, of The Improvement Era. They are exPictured are; kneeling left to right—Roy Sterling Jex—League VicePres., Lee Robiquisite. Congratulations to those who

Emmett, Norman Wammer, Earl Bingham, son, Floyd Mortensen—League President, chose them.

Sincerely, Watkins. Labrum, Don Parley Ivan JohnConder, Owen Tacher,Dave

Ingles Frost popularity of Grace growing to the fast Due Wilding, Larkin, Gregg Edson, Paul

72 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thayer D. Evans and the Evans Quartet practicing in the Sons of the Utah Pioneers'Museum.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many iwt h

talented people do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome.

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods i '"".-'..

FEBRUARY 1960 73 THE COVER:

Painted in a decorative, maplike style to suggest a living city full of industrious, warmhearted people; a city wellplanned

and organized in contrast to the typical pioneer city of the time, the cover of the

Era is an impression of a few of the historical homes and buildings in early Nauvoo.

This outstanding character of Mormon cities as an example of inspired community planning is the subject for the

Richard J. Neutra article appearing

in this issue of The Improvement Era.

His idea served as the inspiration for the painting and determined the manner best to depict this concept.

Some freedom of design has been utilized to preserve the overall decorative feeling. This is particularly true where

both front and sides of a building are shown, to make it possible to see the craftmanship and design that were evident in the structures. The cover is

painted in this way after the fashion of maps of the period where both vertical and horizontal views of an object were commonly seen on a flat area without any attempt at perspective.

These historical buildings have been placed in their approximate actual location based on a map of Nauvoo from the

Church Historian's Office. Some condensing of space was necessary to show

a number of buildings in detail in a small area. Photographs taken at various

times since the buildings were erected were used in painting the structures.

or since the date since that time made

it taken. Since photographs were Everybody Is Somebody at theNaturally, some changes may have been

would have been most difficult, if not impossible to determine the actual coloring of the brick, stone, and timber used in each home, the attempt has been made Brigham Young University to suggest through color the warmth of the city of Nauvoo set like a jewel in a bend of the Mississippi River against the bright gardens and farms of the

Yes, there's a place for you at BYU, even though it is the surrounding area.

largest university in the intermountain area. Students

live in familysized groups in comfortable residences;

clubs are open to all; a large faculty gives personal attention in comparatively small classes; the BYU Stake

of 26 wards is made up entirely of students. Thus BYU

gives all the advantages of the big university, yet all the friendliness and attention of the small college. Put yourself in this picture—there is place for you.

PLAN NOW CLIp AND MA1L TO ATTEND TO: Public Relations Department

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

Spring Quarter Please send me free of charge additional information

I am especially interested March 21, 1960 about Brigham Young University.

Summer School in NAME 1st Term, June 13 2nd Term, July 18 ADDRESS J CITY STATE.

74 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Here's your key to a better understand ills"""liii of Book of Mormon people and lands

1. GEOGRAPHY OF

THE BOOK OF MORMON i By Fletchtr B. Hammond IllPi

The geography and terrain of a land have inhabitants. influence on its a marked MO iMOS

transportation, housing, economics, Customs, clothing, and attitude or nature are all affected by geography. In this interesting volume,

which contains maps and charts, you'll find a keen insight to the "why's and wherefore's"of Book of Mormon people and lands.

$3.00

2. A FAITH TO LIVE BY By Mark E. Peter,.,.

Elder Petersen's inspired wisdom on home life, morality, parent and child relationships, leadership, divine authority, etc., are clearly

and brilliantly presented to guide readers to a rich, full life. A mighty

'LiM voice against wickedness and sin.

$3.50

NEW RECORD BINDERS - WON'T WEAR OUT!

fiSSii 3. Specially designed for opening and dosing thousands of times,

this entirely new binding mechanism will not wear out. Beautiful gold

overtone on brown, black, or white vinyl is wear resistant and scratch proof.

The finest record binder on the market.

$6.00 each

VINYL COVERS

4. Features the same binding mechanism as above.

These vinyl covered binders utilize electronic "toughweld"construction for amazing strength and wearability. Gold imprinting is integral part of cover.

Resists wear. Won't scratch. Available in blue,

black, or white.

$5.00 each

DELUXE FABRIKOID

5. Same lifetime binding mechanism as above. Rich fabrikoid cover in

black, blue, white, or rust embossed with gold.

$5.00 each

BOOKCRAFT

1186 South Main, Salt Lake City

Please send the following circled books for which I enclose

check ( ) or money order ( ) for: $

3 4 5 12 Choice of color:

NAME

ADDRESS

CITY STATE

FEBRUARY I960 75 The Church Moves On

November 1959

Elder Golden R. Buchanan sustained as president of the

afeway Stores help the family Salt Lake Valley Regional Mission, succeeding President by consistently offering the finest Lyman S. Shreeve.

quality foods at the lowest posThe Primary Association announced the reappointment of sible price. Mrs. Wilma B. Bunker of Salt Lake City to their general

Safeway helps the farmer by board. Mrs. Erma Y. Gardiner of Heber City, Utah, and

selling the products of UtahIdaho Mrs. Judith W. Parker of Salt Lake City have also been named to

farms and opening new and exthe Primary general board.

panded markets for surplus items. The First Presidency announced these changes in the leaderSafeway further aids the econship in the mission fields:

presiserving as currently B. Brossard, President Edgar of Idaho by using Utah and omy

Paris, to transferred Mission, been has the dent of England New local processors processing and of the Christensen L. President Milton France, succeeds he where

facilities. For instance, more than French Mission.

$12,000,000 worth of meat was purchased last year for the UtahElder Sheldon H. Holmes, former second counselor in the

as first counselor Idaho Safeway Stores—all of it Kearns (Utah) Stake presidency sustained

succeeding Elder Grant H. Linford. Elder Burton F. Brasher from processors in the two states.

sustained as the new second counselor. President Merrill A. Nelson

Fruits and vegetables and many presides in Kearns Stake.

other products carrying the "S"brand also are made ready for The First Presidency announced the reopening of the European Mission Office, with Elder Alvin R. Dyer, Assistant to

market through processing plants the Council of the Twelve, as president. The office will be

and facilities in Utah and Idaho. opened soon after the first of the year at Frankfurt a/ Main, GerWith both producers and procmany. President Henry D. Moyle of the First Presidency, who left

today for Europe, will make arrangements for the reopening of essors, Safeway has a reputation the European Mission Office and the transfer of the West German for prompt payment and wholeMission headquarters, now at Frankfurt a/Main, to Dusseldorf, hearted cooperation of which it is Germany. President Moyle will attend to other important Church

proud. matters in England, Scandinavia, Switzerland, and France. While

in France President Moyle will make arrangements for the transfer of the present Tahitian Mission to French Mission jurisdiction. It

FRIEND OF THE FAMILY will hereafter be known as the French Polynesian Mission. The

office of the European Mission was closed by the Church in NovemFRIEND OF THE FARMER ber 1949 with the release of Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the

Council of the Twelve, as European Mission President. Headquarters of the European Mission at that time were in London, England.

President Dyer will be accompanied by Mrs. Dyer and their son,

Brent Rulon, to the new field of labor. President Dyer has previously filled two missions for the Church, one in the Eastern States, SAFEWAY

192224, and he served as president of the Central States Mission from 1953 to 1958.

76 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA When

vw** you get /v that fcv*!.# 1 t Hollow

Feeling...

K S

f\ It's

time for gulf NABISCO

Sugar

Honey

m Grahams

''--.

A *

Available in oneand twopound packages

Sweet enough... flavored just right for adults'and children's tastes alike Wonderfully light... won't spoil

appetites Baked with pure, fresh honey and rich graham flour Scored so they snap right in half for easy eating Wrapped in 3 InEr-Seal wax packets to keep 'em fresh and crisp, national biscuit company

FEBRUARY 1960 77 In place of the regular Editor's pleased to present a fireside talk

President David O. McKay to the

Ideals for

President Clark, President Moyle, President Joseph

Fielding Smith, other General Authorities of the

Church and their wives, General Superintendency of the YMMIA, General Presidency of the YWMIA, and members of the Youth of the Church:

I greet you on this important occasion, and congratulate you upon your opportunity of having heard the excellent messages rendered by those who have participated on this program.

My responsibility comes under the heading "We

Live Our Religion."I know of no activity in which

we can demonstrate that fact more impressively than in the subject assigned to me as a topic for tonight: "Courtship and Marriage."

While listening to the messages tonight from these young people, these lines came to me:

"You ought to be true for the sake of the folks who think you are true.

You never should stoop to a deed that your folks think you would not do.

If you are false to yourself, be the blemish but small, you have injured your folks; you have been

false to them all."

(Edgar A. Guest)

Perhaps there are few, if any, subjects of more interest or more importance than courtship and marriage.

Eternal Pronouncement

When in the process of creation it was opportune for man to assume mortality, he heard the eternal pronouncement "Thou mayest choose for thyself."

Thus man, among all other created things, became a recipient of the divine gift of free agency, and with it the accompanying responsibility.

As a principle ever to be kept in mind, to the tens of thousands assembled tonight I repeat to each one:

"You are the person who has to decide

Whether you'll do it or toss it aside;

Editor's Page

Page, The Improvement Era is given January 3, I960, by youth of the Church,

r>r> by President David O. McKay"Courtship and Marriage

You are the person who makes up your mind "'What career in life is most important to you? Do

Whether you'll lead or will linger behind—you consider marriage and helping a husband in his

Whether you'll try for the goal that's afar career more important, less important, or equally as

Or just be contented to stay where you are."important than a career of your own?'

(Edgar A. Guest, Selections for Public Speaking, "From ninety to ninetyfive percent of the college

Scribner's, 1930.) women have answered that a career as a wife and

mother is their primary aim, and that helping a husIn the Doctrine and Covenants, the Lord clearly band in his career is more important than a career of sets forth the significance of marriage: "And again, their own. The growing belief among college women

verily I say unto you... marriage is ordained of God that the making of a home, the raising of a family, and

unto man."(D&C 49:15.) It is, therefore, not a cerefurthering the career of a husband are in themselves

mony to be entered into lightly, to be terminated at a career of major importance, indicates a wholesome pleasure, or a union to be dissolved at the first diffireturn to fundamentals."

culty that might arise.

To members of the Restored Church, marriage is a I believe that condition prevails generally among divine ordinance, and when directed by intelligent our young people of the Church, notwithstanding preparenthood, the surest and safest means for the imvailing economic changes that are threatening the provement of mankind. permanence of the home, necessitating wives to work

and mothers to leave their children with baby sitters.

"To build a happy fireside clime Let us never lose sight of the fundamental fact that for weans and for wife, home is the basis of civilization and that members of

That's the true pathos and sublime the Church have the obligation to build ideal homes

O'human life."and to rear exemplary families. With this obligation

(Robert Burns) in mind, I now name five conditions contributing to a successful marriage:

When Jesus referred to marriage, he associated with it the lofty command: 1. An Unsullied Reputation

"What therefore God hath joined together, let no A successful marriage begins before you even apman put asunder."(Matt. 19:6.) proach the marriage altar. It begins when you are

accepting invitations in your teenage years to attend

Marriage a Universal Desire social parties. It begins with the manner in which

With a few exceptions, marriage is a universal desire. you say good night to your companion. Maintaining

Every young person at some time or another looks an unsullied reputation during courtship contributes forward to the consummation of that event. Professor to a solid foundation upon which to build a happy

Henry C. Link, psychologist, corroborates this as folhome. This is illustrated by the experiences of two

lows: girls as follows

"Being a teenager is quite confusing to me because "Within the past three years I have, in connection there are so many temptations and problems which with certain nationwide studies among college seem to come all at once. One of these problems

students, asked the young women such questions as: which has bothered me (Continued on page 108)

FEBRUARY 1960 79 first U "What evidences have ire to substantiate the vision of Joseph Smith to prove the truth of his story and that he was not deceived or a deceiver?"

j\ It is wellknown that the truth or falsity of a story lies mainly in the details. There are some details

connected with the vision given to Joseph Smith the Prophet, which may appear to many as insignificant, and by many members of the Church are overlooked, yet they are of vital and of overwhelming Yqur importance.

We are all aware of the fact that in the year 1820, the Nicene Creed held almost universal sway throughout the Christian world, Catholic and Protestant alike.Question Christian ministers, scholars, and professors through

the centuries had accepted this creed in the main as being true. Today the religious world ridicules the

idea of an anthropomorphic God, whether they accept this creed or not and look upon God as an invisible essence or power in the universe; many, if not all,

Answered by declare that he is without passions, is immaterial and

Joseph Fielding Smith that the Father and the Son are merely expressions

Presidentof the Council of the Twelve of one God or Supreme governing influence of power.

It was the common belief in the days of the Prophet

Joseph Smith that Christ was a manifestation of God in the flesh, but that after his resurrection he shed his body and was again absorbed into the universal essence, power or "immaterial"spirit, that fills the universe.

It is unreasonable to think that Joseph Smith at the age of fourteen years could have found the error of this doctrine, which he had been religiously taught, and come out in contradiction to it if he were telling an untruth. The most natural thing would have been

for him to say, when returning from the grove, that he had seen an angel. Moreover he would have been

most unlikely to have declared that the messenger had told him that all of the religious teachings, and teachers, were in error of the divine truth. Presumably he would have said that the messenger told

him to join one of the contending religious sects;

possibly that if he would wait the Lord would call

EVIDENCES OF THE upon him to start a religion. Never in the world

would he have declared that two glorious Personages to join any of the FIRST VISION appeared to him and told him not existing creeds and churches. Without question, this

was the farthest thing from his mind when he went into the grove, and that was his expression afterwards.

He would not have dared to come from that interview declaring that all of the creeds and churches were

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

wrong. Young as he was, he had wisdom enough to It was the Son who asked him what he wanted,

know that such a thought would have been fatal and and it was the Son who gave the answer. Had Joseph

would have brought only condemnation upon his Smith been guilty of a fraud and had lied, he never head. would have thought of this incident and related it

Without any question to the contrary, it must be in this manner. The chances are that he would have

assumed that Joseph Smith, when he went to pray, declared that it was the Father who asked him what he had an idea that somewhere the divine truth was to wanted, and it was the Father who gave the answer.

be found. If he had cunningly thought out a plan Had Joseph Smith returned with such a statement

he surely would not have dared to face the religious as this, then the whole world, except for its ignorance world with such a story as that he had received a of heavenly things, could have known that he was visitation from both the Father and the Son. From all guilty of a fraud, notwithstanding he had hit upon a

the teachings he had received, that was evidently the great truth which had been lost by the world, in relafarthest thought from his mind. It was too revolution to the separate personalities of the Father and

tionary and conflicted universally with all of the rethe Son. Here again Joseph Smith's story harmonizes

ligious creeds, Catholic and Protestant, in the world. with divine truth.

He might have said that the Son of God appeared to Perhaps it is needless here to show from the scriphim, but this is something very remote considering tures the separate personalities of the Father and the the universal belief. Son, but one or two scriptural quotations may be given

showing the harmony between the vision of Joseph

ALL REVELATION COMES THROUGH CHRIST Smith and the facts as they are revealed in the New

Here is another detail connected with the vision Testament.

which the Prophet could not have known and which At the baptism of Jesus, we read is not too generally understood even with members "And Jesus, when he was baptized, went up straightof the Church: When Adam was in the Garden of way out of the water: and, lo, the heavens were opened

Eden, he was in the presence of God our Eternal unto him, and he saw the Spirit of God descending

Father. After his fall, he was driven out of the preslike a dove, and lighting upon him:

ence of the Father, who withdrew from Adam, and "And lo a voice from heaven, saying, This is my when children were born to Adam they, too, were beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased."5

shut out of the presence of the Father. Then, accord- "Ye have heard how I said unto you, I go away, and

ing to the scriptures, Jesus Christ became the Advocome again unto you. If ye loved me, ye would recate for Adam and his children, 1 and also their joice, because I said, I go unto the Father: for my

Mediator 2 standing between mankind and the Eternal Father is greater than I."6

Father, pleading our cause. From that time forth it "Jesus saith unto her, Touch me not; for I am not

was Jesus Christ who directed his servants on the yet ascended to my Father: but go to my brethren,

earth and gave revelation and guidance to the prophand say unto them, I ascend unto my Father, and ets. 3 If Joseph Smith had been a deceiver, and in some your Father; and to my God, and your God."7

marvelous way, had hit upon a great truth which had "And now I am no more in the world, but these been lost to the world through apostasy, never would are in the world, and I come to thee. Holy Father,

he have stated that it was the Father who introduced keep through thine own name those whom thou hast the Son, and asked him to address his question to the given me, that they may be one, as we are."8

Son and that it was the Son who gave the answer. These and scores of other passages show the separate

What was his report made to the minister with whom personages of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Only

he was friendly? Here it is in his own words. apostasy and the rejection of the doctrines of Jesus

"... I saw two Personages, whose brightness and could have placed the world in such a state of darkglory defy all description, standing above me in the ness. The time had come in the day of Joseph Smith

air. One of them spake unto me, calling me by name, the Prophet for the fulfilment of the predictions of

and said, pointing to the other—This is My Beloved the prophets and the ushering of the Dispensation of

Son. Hear Him!'* the Fulness of Times. 9

*I John 2:1. D & C 29:5; 110:4. EMatt. 3:16, 17. See also John 12:28.

"John 14:28. 2I 2:5. Tim. Heb. 9:15.

20:17. 3See Vol. I. Answers to Gospel Questions, p. 13. sIhid.,nbid., 17:11.

'Pearl of Great Price, Joseph Smith 2:17. "For other evidence, see Orson Pratt's Works.

FEBRUARY 1960 81 by Richard J. Neutra

THE MORM EI!

iiiiflWvv *W*W*W*? W*WWaftp*Hfrtf w**A**rf i

r-

A CITY CREEK MILL

B SALT LAKE CITY, 1875 C NAUVOO, ILLINOIS D DESERET NEWS AND TITHING OFFICE Olivetti's "communita"br1gham young's schoolhouse g america's first department STORE H SCHEME OF PROPERTY DIVISION AND AREA PLANNED FOR PUBLIC USE, SALT LAKE CITY.

I THE SOCIAL HALL, SALT LAKE CITY rwmm - - SifisrNr* E|?

'.."*'-,.*.*.

OMMUNITY

Worldfamed architect, Richard J. Neutra, is

Viennaborn and Europeantrained. He has been a

resident of the United States since 1923, a citizen since 1929. His architecture, which has long changed

the world's landscapes, is based on a lifelong study of man and his needs. Ecology—the science of man and

his environment—is a guiding light of his career. In

speaking about life in cities he has said: "Most people

never consider what a city is for. Before everything

else, it is a place to keep people alive. All the world's

technical advances cannot change that.,.. We are

sensitive to our environment.... Man is the measure

of things, and he is a reliably stable measure...."

He and his company, with offices in Los Angeles, tie worked on such diverse buildings as schools in lifornia, a modern cannery, and the American assy in Pakistan. He is now at work on plans for

incoln memorial at Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.

He is an author of note and has lectured on architecture at Harvard, Princeton, Columbia, and other institutions of higher learning in the United States, and in Mexico, Japan, Switzerland, Belgium, and many other countries.

I write this as an architect and planner. There have

been great events and chains of them in the colonies, the territories, the states of the American Union, but none has been as characteristically American as the significant and tragic story of the Latterday Saints.

The Prophet Joseph Smith and Brigham Young were as native as native can be. Their faith that from

American soil may spring a renewal of this world at later date that would fulfil all preceding revelations was an indigenous faith.

The community of settlers had been selfstyled and unskilled, sometimes reckless to the site, since the landing of Plymouth Rock. A few times the government of the mother (Continued on page 112)

Twentysix hours

HA TiSTAK MeCAlt

""Si*.:::: to make

a dress?

First Commercial Dress Patterns in Asia Make their Debut in Indonesia,

"Did you say it took twentysix hours to make this dress?"queried a visiting technician as she examined

a simple international type dress made in a home economics teacher training school in Djakarta.

liPiM* "Yes,"said the principal, "everything that is made here must first have a sketch of the design. Then

measurements are taken of the person; a pattern is

drafted; the material is conditioned; and finally the

dress is cut out and put together. It all takes time.

Students must rush to complete their work in twentysix hours."

The visitor looked at their equipment; she watched

the students work with their handturned machines;

she asked more questions about production of clothing in other parts of the country. She learned that having

clothes custommade is the general practice in Indonesia. She visualized the day when the country

would become more industrialized and would be looking for easier, quicker, and cheaper methods of clothing the people.

"What would you think of developing some basic patterns in several sizes that could be used over and over again and save the time of drafting each pattern?"This question brought an enthusiastic affirmation. In fact, some of the instructors had alreadv

been thinking and working along this line.

A committee was appointed to work out a plan.

84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Dr. Virginia Cutler at Different Indonesian costumes suggest more patterns Indonesian student cuts out a

ivork on the project. will be needed. new pattern.

Thev decided to measure a thousand women, calcuTwo types of patterns were drafted from the averlate the averages and draft some patterns according ages and were made in five sizes beginning with size to the results. They agreed that streamlined methods eighty centimeters and ending with ninetysix centiof clothing construction and laborsaving equipment meters. The most important type pattern made was

would speed the process of making a dress. of the kabaja which is the classic blouse worn with a

Their first step was to plan twelve workshop sesbatik kain (wrap around skirt). The other pattern

sions to be held at training schools located on five was an international type blouse and skirt which is islands. They decided to introduce the idea about popular for the college age.

the patterns at these sessions, take the measurements Then came the quandary. "How can we reproduce

of participants, demonstrate some streamlined conthese patterns for the tryout?"asked Mrs. Porrie. It

struction methods, and provide gadgets for making the would surely take too long to cut them out one by work easier. one—and if done this way they wouldn't be accurate,

When the training program was well under way, the committee agreed. So, they visited the printer. He

Miss Anina Samahati was selected as one of the most said he had never printed patterns before; he didn't

able leaders and was sent to Carnegie Institute of have the right kind of paper but would be willing to

Technology to receive training in pattern making, work with what he had. Regular newsprint tears

textiles, and design. Committee members in Djakarta easily and is not very suitable for patterns. He found

kept in close touch with her about the measurements some draftsmen's paper that seemed better but was and workshop sessions. very expensive. The committee felt they should use

The termination date of Miss Samahati's ICA grant the expensive kind in order to give the best possible was drawing near by the time that the measurements chance to the experiment. The printer gave Mrs. Porof women from the twelve workshops had been taken; rie large sheets of Bristol board and requested that

the committee was anxious to get the patterns ready she make tracings of the patterns with India ink. This

for experimentation by the time Miss Samahati rewas done, and all was ready for printing except the turned. They decided to compute the averages even needed nipiahs to pay the bill. The Ministry of Eduthough they had not reached the one thousand goal. cation had not included this item in the budget, and

The chairman of the committee, Mrs. Porrie, took her there wasn't any money available.

entire vacation time to work out averages. While her For a moment—all seemed lost. But then the techfriends were at the mountains or enjoying the beachnician said, "Why not investigate the possibility of

she was slaving over her "figures."getting some help from (Continued on page 106)

FEBRUARY 1960 85 A Story for Scouts and all who love adventure

Jack Marshall, leader of Troop 48's Opossum Patrol, if you need it,"Jack finally said with a tone of redidn't want to believe his eyes as he surveyed his luctance in his voice, "but don't let it slow you down;

patrol prior to the hike to Fire Lake, but there was otherwise you'll have to leave it by the trail"With no mistake—Greg Stilson had a pink canary cage tied this last word of warning, Jack moved to the head of

to the top of his pack. "A canary cage on a camping the somewhat amused patrol to start the Opossums

trip—it's impossible,"Jack muttered to himself as he on the trail.

strode toward the Opossum Patrol's newest and Jack was thinking about the Big Pine Mountain youngest member. "What's that for?"he demanded, Jamboree, as the climb started. Every year Troop 48

looking Greg sternly in the eyes and pointing toward hiked to Fire Lake for scouting skills practice and the bright cage that loomed above the small offender's demonstration, so that the top patrols could be chosen head. to represent the troop at the jamboree. Jack thought

"Oh, that's to catch kangaroo rats with. I've made of the patrol as a tightly knit, wellfunctioning team,

a trap out of it,"came Greg's innocent reply. a team that always had to be on top; and he figured

"To catch kangaroo rats with!"Jack repeated that the jamboree was a good place for the patrol to

loudly as if unable to find words of his own. show what it could do.

"Yes. I want some live specimens for my collection. He felt sure that the Opossums were a cinch to be

Of course I'll let them go after I've studied them for chosen to demonstrate cooking and bridgebuilding, awhile."and probably water safety, but signaling had him

"Do you think a canary cage is quite the thing to scared. The Panther Patrol had several good sigbring on a camping trip?"Jack asked, trying to keep nalers, and Jack knew he was going to have trouble

the icy tone out of his voice, but knowing he hadn't on this score. He blamed this trouble on Greg Stilson.

succeeded. Jack had planned on Greg's becoming a real Morse

"Well, maybe not, but I kind of need it. But if you code man, who could give the patrol signaling team

say so, I'll hide it here in the brush, and get it on the that extra little boost it needed to be better than the return trip,"Greg replied with a note of regret in his Panthers, but Greg hadn't cooperated. He had

voice. learned Morse, sure, but he hadn't developed that

Jack really couldn't think of any good reason why speed and polish Jack knew would be necessary to a canary cage wasn't acceptable in camp; that is, if a make the Opossums the best team.

Scout really needed one. And though the sight of Jack knew that Greg hadn't become a top signaler

the cage offended him as something not proper on a because he was too interested in collecting specimens camping trip he had to admit that Greg, obviously of rocks, plants, birds, and anything else he could get needed the cage. "Well, I suppose you can take it his hands on. He was a born naturalist, pure and

86 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

simple. Greg's canary cage had really been the impressed itself on his mind. Then he backed silently

"straw that broke the camel's back,"for it symbolized away from the tent and hurried back to the other everything that Jack disliked in Greg—his wanting to patrol leaders.

collect things and not wanting to be a signaler. "Fellows,"he said, "there's a snake in Mr. Mack's

The troop arrived at the lake late that afternoon. tent."The patrol leaders began to talk excitedly as

By the time camp was set up and supper finished, it Jack told what he had seen, and Sam Short seemed was time for bed, so there was no campfire program. to grow a little pale at the word snake. Jack waited

The next day Jack watched the other patrols in pracfor someone to suggest what should be done. When

tice, and, from what he could see, it looked as if the no one made any suggestions, he became the leader

Opossums were a cinch to be chosen for everything of the group as by natural right.

but the signaling. And every time he thought of "Ralph,"Jack said.

signaling, he thought of Greg and his canary cage, "Yes,"came the brief reply.

and he became a little angry. "Go tell the other fellows what the score is, and

Jack buckled his belt and looked at his watch. It tell them to stay away from the tent. We don't want

was sixthirty-five, and that meant he was five minto get the snake riled up."Then Jack turned to anutes late for the morning patrol leaders'meeting. He other of the patrol leaders. "Bob, you put two or

grabbed his hat and trotted toward the group of three guards around the tent. We can't take any

patrol leaders standing by the troop's dead campfire. chances on anybody getting curious."As Ralph

He was nearly ten minutes late when he arrived and and Bob hurried off to do his bidding, Jack wondered so was relieved to see that Mr. Mack, Troop 48's what to do next.

scoutmaster, wasn't yet with the group. The three By this time, Ralph had spread the news about

other patrol leaders, Bob Davis, Sam Short, and Ralph Mr. Mack's predicament, and Jack could see small

Bland were there, however, and already involved in groups of Scouts gesturing and talking as they stood a discussion. back away from the tent. The tent had suddenly

"Where's Mr. Mack?"were Jack's first words as he become the focus of attention for the whole troop.

approached the group. Everyone seemed to answer As Jack watched the troop react to the news, he

at once that he hadn't shown up yet. It seemed a noticed Marty Madsen, the best Morse code man in

little odd to Jack that Mr. Mack wasn't on time, for his patrol. Then Jack had an idea how to let Mr.

if he insisted on one thing in the troop it was promptMack know that they were aware he was in trouble. He

ness. walked over to Marty, spoke to him briefly and

Jack entered into the conversation with the others gestured toward the tent. Marty nodded and then

about the plans for the day, but when after ten minwalked quietly toward the tent. Arriving at the spot

utes Mr. Mack didn't come, Jack began to grow a where Mr. Mack's arm was exposed, he knelt down,

little anxious. He could see Mr. Mack's tent over took the hand in his and began, in a series of short

by the creek which flowed from the lake, but there and long squeezes, to send a message in Morse code.

was no sign of life. "Maybe he's sick,"he thought The message was short and to the point, "We know,

to himself. will help."

None of the other patrol leaders seemed concerned "Well,"Jack thought to himself as he watched Marty about Mr. Mack's absence, but Jack, growing more returning, "at least Mr. Mack knows that we know

uneasy as the minutes passed, started toward the he's in trouble and will help."Turning the problem

tent. "I'll see what's holding Mr. Mack."over in his mind, the only thing that Jack could think

He approached the still closed tent from the front of was that whatever they were going to do had to and was going to call out, when he saw something be done in a hurry. Mr. Mack couldn't be expected

which he thought rather funny—Mr. Mack's arm was to hold out forever, and as soon as he moved he would

sticking out from under the side of the tent. He have a vicious snake to fight in the close quarters of

stooped to get a closer look, and then he saw somethe tent. Jack shuddered at the thought. Finally he

thing that sent a shock through him like the time he decided that the problem needed more heads than put his finger in the light socket—Mr. Mack had one, so he called the others to him and briefed them

traced one word in the sand at the edge of the tent, on the situation.

SNAKE! His voice was clear and firm and showed nothing

Jack stood perfectly quiet for a moment as the idea of the tension he was beginning to feel. "Fellows,"he

that Mr. Mack was trapped in his tent by a snake began, "the snake is prob- ( Continued on page 100

FEBRUARY 1960 87 PART IV Kayaks down the Nile by John M. Goddard

Dense masses of papyri bordered the graygreen as I stroked along in a fragile boat I could pick up river on both banks, with bush and woods beyond. in my arms, surrounded by a vast trackless swamp,

The river which was fully 500 yards wide at Namasawith the sweeping immensity of the sky overhead, gali, was now a slight current that diminished as we and only the phantom sounds of the whispering wind approached Lake Kioga, thirty miles downstream. and the occasional haunting cry of a water bird to

The Nile flows sluggishly through this shallow lake for break the eerie stillness.

almost sixty miles, losing millions of gallons of water It took us four days to cover the 106 miles to Masindi to its great spongy swamps and marshes as it creeps Port. The last two nights we were forced to sleep

along. As we entered Kioga early the next morning, in our cramped boats when we were unable to find

an amoebashaped body of swampy water with four a break in the impenetrable papyri to dry land. For

great pseudopodial offshoots, we were cheerfully intwenty-seven hours at one time we were trapped on formed by Oumu that he and Gabrini had never been the water with no place to make camp or even stretch so far downstream before in their lives. We had our numb legs. During this ordeal we were frightunderstood that the two men were acquainted with ened half out of our wits when we blundered into a

the river all the way to Masindi Port and knew Lake small herd of pugnacious hippo as we groped our

Kioga well, so this confession gave us quite a shock, way through the dark, starstudded night. It was an

especially when they stopped paddling and waited unnerving experience. The big kibokos, as the Afrifor us to point out the course through the maze of cans call them, came plunging and snorting after

channels filtering through the thick carpet of lily us in hot pursuit, causing us to become separated pads and lake weed confronting us. Having reached temporarily when we scrambled out of their way.

the point of no return as far as we were concerned, Jean and the two natives in the sluggish dugout were there was nothing for us to do but rnoceed down the in the greatest danger of being overtaken, but luckily most prominent channel and hope we wouldn't come the rampaging hippo chose to come after Andre and to a dead end. me, and we were able to keep just ahead and lead

For hours we labored with all our strength, heaving them away from the others in our speedier kayaks.

and shoving with the paddles, to make headway We encountered several small Bunyoro fish camps through the weedchoked water, but our progress was on Lake Kioga, but not one real village. The camps

maddeningly slow. We felt trapped on a Sargasso consisted of a few small huts woven out of papyri,

Sea. I thought of the grim tragedy that had occurred surrounding an open fire pit with a smoking platform

on the Nile some years before, when a steamer came suspended over it for curing fish, which provides the to a dead end after following one of the labyrinthine bulk of the diet for this primitive tribe. Always we

channels meandering through the floating papyri and were greeted with broad smiles and warm handshakes water lilies. The captain attempted to retrace his whenever we stopped to visit one of these encamproute, only to find that the rafts of thick vegetation ments, and fresh fish was offered as a sign of welcome.

had closed in behind his boat trapping him. Before The fish we accepted with gratitude but when

help arrived, he and twentytwo of his passengers fat, roasted locusts, an starved to death. African delicacy were

Finally we reached open water and were able to placed before us, we at Thg Bumjoros used grass glide along unhampered by the frustrating growth. first risked offending our baskets to scoop up gnats

Andre spelled me off in the pirogue, so I was free to 1hosts. iby - i:.lpolitely irmrignor- thatwe swarmedJwd fQ hreathein suchthmughclouds

into Tressed handkerchiefs. Later, emNileteer. in kayak, the continue An overwhelmmy

t are gnats little cakes, the hunger-i insignificance over me, iboldened ingu them.j by physical feeling swept we of ing eaten dried a%d

88 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

gingerly tasted some wellcooked specimens and found great problem, therefore we planned the Nile odyssey them surprisingly palatable. As time went on and we with no other thought than to begin at the beginning

came to rely more and more on the tribesmen along and not at the end of the river.

the river for food, we learned not to examine too Fortunately for Oumu and Gabrini we caught the closely the menu at hand, but were grateful for what little paddlewheel steamer, which plies betv/een was available, munching it down with little regard Namasagali and Masindi Port, just as it was about to for the taste but much thought to the vitamins and depart. We got the British captain to hold his boat

minerals we were ingesting. The Bunyoros used grass while we hurriedly loaded our African companions

baskets to scoop up gnats that swarmed in such clouds and their heavy m'tumbi aboard, thus saving them the we had to breathe through handkerchiefs. Pressed laborious effort of paddling all the way back to their

into little cakes, the gnats are dried and eaten. Tervillage.

mites, polliwogs, caterpillars, and grubs, we found, There was a spirit of sadness in our hurried parting.

were widely eaten by people of the Nile Valley. We had become genuinely fond of the pair during

We arrived at Masindi Port just before noon of the our adventurous days together and it was with deep fifth day, aching and exhausted from our rigorous regret that we watched them sail off, realizing that paddling against the blustery wind which swept over we would never see them again.

us in such powerful gusts that we had to exert all our To avoid impassable rapids below Masindi Port, strength to make any headway and to keep from being we drove by truck direct to Lake Albert. The Engblown upstream. Wind, we soon learned, was to be lish explorer, Sir Samuel Baker, discovered this, the

our most implacable adversary and our most burdenNile's third source, in 1864. Traversing undulating

some hardship throughout the entire expedition. The bush country, we choked and gasped from the acrid

prevailing north wind would spring upon us at dawn smoke of a thousand fires. Natives set them to burn

of every new day on the river, developing in intensity off the tinderdry vegetation and fertilize the land, so as the day progressed. It was a rare time -when we their cattle may enjoy fresh green fodder after the

enjoyed any current to help us along. More often rains begin.

than not we rocked and bucked on the heaving water, After a spinejolting drive, we emerged on an escarpstruggling through an endless succession of windment with the broad waters of Lake Albert agleam blasted waves which doubled our labor of paddling one thousand feet below. In the distance loomed

and gave us the sensation of continually heading upmountains that form the watershed between the Nile stream. It would have, in fact, been incalculably and Congo basins. The heat intensified as we dropped

easier for us to have hoisted a sail and journeyed up off the escarpment—the left wall of an enormous geothe Nile from the Mediterranean, with the omnipresent logical fault extending 4,000 miles from Palestine to

north wind at our backs to speed us along, but we Mozambique, the depths of which are filled with a hadn't anticipated that wind would present such a multitude of lakes, large ( Continued on page 122

HOPE

by Eva Willes Wangsgaard

Fear as a force is not as strong as hope,

For hope in man is stronger than his will.

When he is selfconvinced he cannot cope

With life's dark corners, hope shines feebly still.

It fed men's hearts when wilderness of sea

Made sun a fiery dragon, night a tomb

Or pit of pain, day an eternity

Of thirst and hunger in a world of doom.

For when the night was darkest hope would rise

To count the sheep that roam the milky lane

Or graze in purple meadows in the skies,

Then rode with dawn through tortured day again.

Hope that can drape a barren tree with leaves

Shines on through agony between two thieves.

90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PART TWO Is an Ideal Mother? What

by W. Cleon Skousen

Chief of Police, Salt Lake City

The Mother as a Teacher The Building of Good Habits

An important part of a boy's image of his mother The key to good character is forming good habits.

is in the role of a teacher. He likes her in this role. This is the primary task of a mother. Habits are

She answers questions, she solves problems, she uses motivated by attitudes, and a boy picks these up from language he can understand. Furthermore, she tells his parents, especially his mother. Habits of cleanlihim stories and helps him understand life by fitting

into the stories explanations and editorial comments.

A boy is fortunate if he has a mother who has cultivated her own mind and seeks to share with him the exciting things he can expect as he grows up.

A small boy has an almost unlimited appetite for information. He is capable of being held spellbound

for long periods of time by carefully prepared and interestingly presented material. The key to good

storytelling technique is a play on people or things in action. Children do not like preaching, but principles and morals can be worked into the action. A

mother is almost an immediate success if she looks at her little brood just before bedtime and says: "How

would you like to hear about the little boy who got caught in a cave by a bear?"

The Forming of Character When a boy grows up, he asks himself whether his mother helped build his character or weakened it.

Sometimes he can see that she gave him his way too much or failed to counsel him when he was obviously headed for disaster. On the other hand he might

come to appreciate that his troubles in life are really the result of his failing to heed his mother. He says

to himself, "I had a good mother. I just didn't have

sense enough to listen to her!"

A mother has to raise her son in terms of the long pull. She has to use her wits continually to get the ness, order, thrift, friendliness, courtesy, hygiene,

right reaction from her son during his early years. punctuality, honesty, and work are all part of the

But if this fails, she has to go right ahead and do what heritage a mother helps pass on to her son. A mother

she knows time and life will teach her son to be right. is particularly successful if she practises all of these

Therefore many mothers who rate themselves as things herself. This gives a boy the feeling that it is

failures in raising rebellious sons find themselves a the thing to do. Otherwise he listens to his mother's

success in later years when their boys have grown a teachings, and then watches her violate them and says little older, come to their senses, and learned to honor to himself, "What Mom said is a good idea, but hardly their mothers'teachings. anyone does it—not even Mom!"

FEBRUARY 1960 91 "As goes the mother, so

The Chain Reaction Principle he is 16 or 17, and soon his mother discovers that while it is not the same relationship she enjoyed with

This leads us to the next major premise which says him as a child, nevertheless, it is a warm, affectionate, that, "As goes the mother, so goes the child."This and wonderful relationship. By the time her son is

is not always true, but it is true more often than not. 20 or 21, he should have developed a sense of adult

A father can be rated a success by all normal standequality with his mother and treat her as "the best ards and still raise a weak family if the mother is Mom a fellow ever had."

weak. She is closer to the children than he and thereIf this does not happen, Junior may be a little before a greater influence for good or ill. hind on his maturity schedule, or, if that is not the

The children pick up her attitudes and methods of case, it may be a reflection of problems in early solving problems. For example, marriage counselors childhood.

point out that this is true in divorce problems. If a

quarreling, nagging mother allows her marriage to Scars of the two Extremes—

collapse, it establishes a pattern in her children and Neglect and "Momism"tends to make their married lives unstable. This is When a boy has won his sense of independence and

why it is sometimes true that "divorce runs in families."equality during the middle or late 'teens, he usually

On the other hand, a wise mother finds herself in a wants to restore the happy relationship which he used key position to guide the entire family toward unity to have with his mother as a boy. But if the mother

and solidarity. Her children watch her as she panever took the time to create a happy relationship

tiently passes by the minor inconveniences and disor wholesome "mother"image during the earlier turbances of life, and they thereby learn to do the years, then there is nothing to restore. A mother,

same. therefore, has the heartbreak of seeing her son go

This is just one example of why a mother is deon trudging through life as though she were pracscribed as the spark which produces the chain reactically nonexistent.

tion that will often reflect itself in her descendants At the other extreme is the mother who tries too for generations to come. hard, who hovers over her boy like a cloud, constantly

protecting him, continuously reminding him, lavishing

The Changing Climate him with love whether he reciprocates it or not, fightUntil a little fellow is around 11, he is pretty much ing all his battles, making all his decisions, doing all his mama's boy. Then the climate changes. Sudhis work. This is called "Momism."It smothers a

denly he begins to get too big for his mother to boy. He is not allowed the normal opportunities to

handle. He begins asserting himself with a certain learn his own lessons, fight his own battles, make his

defiance. A mother should expect this changing cliown decisions, or grow from a baby to a man. He,

mate. It will be a dominant characteristic in their therefore, enters adult life unprepared, timid, derelationship for five or six years. Gradually, however, pendent, afraid. And he soon identifies the source o

it will subside. A boy begins to come around when his trouble—an overprotective mother.

NIGHTLY RITUAL

by Frances C. Yost

It was a nightly ritual with her It happened. Then with gauze and tape she'd court

To line us up, all seven little ones. Our wounds. Then ask three questions of each one:

I see her now, our gentle dear mother How have you used your own Godgiven day?

Smoothing foreheads, examining our tongues. And are you satisfied with what you've done?

When she was certain of no fevered brow And have you helped another on the way?

And no sore throats, she asked for a report In memory she still stands here serene

On cuts, or scratches, or a bruise, and how Helping us wash the slate of each day clean.

92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA goes the child"

The United Front to go the extra mile—sometimes many extra miles—

to make up for the handicap of a missing father.

As a boy is growing up, he visualizes his mother and father as a team, with his father carrying the Tribute to an Ideal Mother leadership role of being "the first among two equals."Several years ago a wonderful woman in Southern

The wise mother will capitalize on this. She will California who had reared eight robust children under

teach her boy to respect and love his father, to look verv difficult circumstances was selected as "the to him for leadership and seek his companionship and Mother of the Year."At a special program in her

counsel. She will set the example for this herself. honor I was given the privilege of paying this brief

When she disagrees with the kind of discipline her tribute to her. Because she was my mother I called

husband administers, she will not argue in front of it, "My Mother and I."

her children but will counsel behind the scenes if she thinks it is necessary. "Even before I was born she knew me, planned for

It does something to the heart of a boy to see a me, and gave me a name.

strong bond of love and companionship existing beAfter I was born she nursed me, taught me, tended, tween his mother and father. This does not create and prayed for me.

jealousy but gives a boy a deep sense of satisfaction. She was my first sweetheart, my first baker, my first

He learns many things from the courtesies, the hello tailor.

and goodbye kisses, the gestures of affection which She was my first doctor, my first judge, my first teacher.

he sees his father express for his mother. It makes

a boy feel like their home is a castle and inside that "She shared her life with me—

home there is a united front. Even risked losing hers for me.

By way of contrast, open quarreling between parShe asked God to let her be ents can so upset a boy that he may fail in school, Mv creator.

resort to belligerent behavior himself, or even indulge in youthful crimes. He is also disturbed if his mother "When cuts and falls and ailments came

constantly complains about his father and tries to She shared the shock and tears with me;

arouse his sympathy with a continuous barrage of With every scratch and bruise and burn woeful wails. When a mother is genuinely abused, She felt the pain vicariously.

a boy is quick to sense it, but even so, if she handles him correctly, he can be motivated to grow up and "She took the mystery out of the things I saw.

be a better man than his dad without nurturing a She made me feel at home on earth.

She helped me see the road of life hatred for his father.

As the way to God—and paradise.

The Task of Being Both Father and Mother "She watched me grow up and away from her.

Sociologists have pointed out that when a brood She saw me cut the apron strings and stand alone.

of children lose their father, they nearly always lose It broke her heart, but she knew that time their mother, too. Usually she has to get a job, and Would bring me back again.

the entire family must somehow limp along under far less than ideal conditions. Such a family can be "Now, in the twilight of her life,

a success, however, and usually is, but it takes a truly As the years weigh heavily and long, great woman to serve the double role of both father I would like to tell her how I feeland mother. Such circumstances call for as much But the sacred words, I cannot speak.

encouragement and help as possible from the church, community agencies, and neighbors. It is surprising "I can only look deep in her heart

how many leaders and outstanding personalities have As she looks into mine come from widowed mothers, but whenever this And both of us know the love we share—

happens, it is usually because a mother was willing My mother and I!"

FEBRUARY 1960 93 The fourth and last of a series of articles taken from a forthcoming book, "Marriage, Fact and

Fantasy,"by Elder Hugh B. Brown, reproduced

by the Era through special arrangements with the publisher.

Inlaws, get the boat off

by Elder Hugh B. Brown

of the Council of the Twelve

In manv cases the causes of divorce can be traced dertake to arbitrate, never take sides. Be on guard

right to the doorstep of unwise inlaws. As each against creating or fostering actions or situations which

new marriage craft sets sail, there should be a warning result in divided or conflicting emotions or loyalties.

call, which is familiar to all ocean travelers, "All This rather blunt warning to inlaws is not intended ashore that's going ashore,"whereupon all inlaws to suggest or imply that once a son or daughter is should get off the matrimonial boat and return only married the parents are to take no further interest at infrequent intervals and then only as invited guests in them. Their interest and concern not only confor brief visits. If they are wise and polite, they will tinues but increases, as each new person becomes

remember they are merely guests and not members a member of the family with claims to the first of the crew. They will make no comment on the conallegiance of your son or daughter.

dition or management of the ship and will leave the Young persons often sit at my desk and detail the controls entirely in the hands of the captain and the aggravating incidents of "meddling inlaws."But they

mate. To do otherwise is to invite trouble for hosts are often embarrassed when asked, "And what kind

and guests alike. of inlaw are you?"The marriage ceremony has made

While it may be difficult for an experienced seaman "inlaws"of both bride and groom.

to refrain from giving advice to young and inexperiAs newlyweds are welcomed into the wonderful enced sailors, and while such advice, if sought, would world of married life, the inlaws on both sides should be welcome and helpful, there are occasions when realize that some surrender, separation, and change permitting others to learn by experience is the wiser of status is necessarily involved. It may be difficult

course. Inlaws should resist the temptation to give for both old and young to make the adjustment, but

gratuitous advice or to take the reins of discipline, it is nature's law.

which so often causes friction. In one of the Indian tribes in Canada, customIt is shocking to note that in these western states, doubtless born of experience—requires that motherin-

including Utah, almost one third of all marriages end law and sonin-law shall never speak or cross each in divorce. Many of these could have been avoided other's paths after the wedding. If either breaks this

if the inlaws had adopted a policy of "hands off."rule, he must forfeit a pony to the other. There are

Inlaw relationships can become a definite hazard. few forfeits and few divorces in that tribe. We do

Inlaws on both sides should try to determine whether not recommend such extreme measures but obviously thev themselves are assets or liabilities in this new the "inlaw"problem is not new or unique.

partnership, and should always remember they serve The young couple should try to understand their best when they themselves are silent partners. They new relatives, must expect them to be different from

should especially be on guard against feelings of their own folks, and it is often a difference that is jealousy when they note the allegiance of their son needed in the blood stream. This new relationship

or daughter to their respective mates. Parents should should never be approached with a "chip on the

discourage rather than approve the tendency of some shoulder"attitude. After all, we do, in a sense, "marry

young people to employ the "tantrum technique"and the whole family."Your mate has the blood of your

"run to mother"for sympathy and advice. Should inlaws in his veins. He or she has inherited some of

either mate run home after a spat they should be given their characteristics, good and bad.

some good advice and sent back where they belong. Most inlaws are assets rather than liabilities, deParents, because of their natural bias, should not unpending, on how they adjust to, accept, and are

94 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA accepted by their new relatives. Young couples The inlaw problem—the butt of so many silly

should accept their inlaws as they are. Neither one jokes—would not be acute if all concerned would act

should make unfavorable comparisons between their intelligently and meet the problem on an adult level respective families. as sane grownups should, subdue their jealousies,

The proud young father should not be too touchy control their tongues and tempers, and be grateful when the bride's mother tries to be helpful with the for the opportunity to become a part of a larger newborn babe. It is just possible she knows more family.

about baby technique than he does. She has had At my desk one day, Alice sobbed, "His mother

some of her own, else he would not have his present didn't like me from the beginning. She thinks no

wife. Let him add kindness to diplomacy and appregirl is good enough for her boy. I think she is jealous

ciate her help. of me. She's breaking up our home."

Well, Alice, perhaps she is a bit jealous, as you will The Census Bureau reports that three million familikely be twentyfive years from now when some young lies in the United States share their home with a girl takes little Tim from you. You, too, may feel sure second family; in other words, six million families are

at that time that no girl in the world is good enough doubled up. In such cases the causes of friction are

for Tim, but some sweet thing is going to get him. In vastly multiplied. Moving in with "the folks"or with

fact, some other mother is now training that girl for others should be avoided wherever possible, but if him, and when they marry, the mother of that girl there is no alternative, then precautionary measures will be sure that Tim is not good enough for her little and sane and sober planning are prerequisites to peace.

girl. Let the experience you are now having help to Whenever possible, young couples should arrange to

make a better motherin-law of you. live by themselves, even though it be in an inadeTimothy, Sr., came in after Alice left and when quate house in a low rent area. The average young

asked what he thought was the main cause of their wife will be happier in one room though it be only trouble, he said at once, "Her mother—she never partly or poorly furnished where she can be queen

weaned her daughter and insists on babying her and of that room than she would be with her husband's folks bossing me."or even with her own. Moving in with "the folks"

When the two were causes the bride to feel together at my desk she is not really marthey were asked to make ried, not independent, some selfappraisal. Each PATRITOT not grownup, not

was asked, "What kind wanted. She longs for

of inlaw are you? Are by Jean Carpenter Mergard privacy and primacy in

you touchy (which is her own home.

so blue, red, is not no blue Redonly conceit with a hair it becomes so blinding white till you, Where No white trigger), selfopinion- My scarletsuited tot of three, necessary to doubleup ated, quite sure you Come plowing through new snow to me, temporarily, then both have all the answers? Flashing your crimson smile and blinking the parents and the

Are you faultless?"Bluer than azure eyes, then sinking young couple should

Into a drift in such a manner,

Timothy and Alice I hoist you, snowstarred, for my banner. prepare themselves for

were really very much inevitable adjustments in love, but were "kickwhich joint occupancy ing against the pricks"involves.

instead of making necessary adjustments. Since that There is no use pretending that two families can

time an interview with the respective inlaws resulted live in the same house without occasional difficulties, in a general understanding and at least a truce. even onefamily homes cannot always avoid them.

The most intimate relationships known on earth There will be some inconvenience and occasional anare the relationships between husband and wife. noyance to all concerned, but this is true in all human

They are too sacred to be discussed with others genrelationships, but if there is a businesslike arrangeerally, even with one's parents, for they are the deepest ment made beforehand and lived up to, much friction expression of their love for each other. Counsel and can be avoided.

advice may be sought from parents, doctors, church There should be careful planning and agreements leaders, marriage counselors, and others, but a dison such things as the use of the family car, sharing cussion of the private. lives of husband and wife is the use and expense of utilities, including radio and

seldom in order. It is a bond between them and them TV, entertaining friends, regular hours for meals,

alone. In those relationships each should remember retiring, etc. A little forethought about little things

the fundamental difference between male and female which so often trigger explosions will reduce the and neither expect the other to react in a way or danger.

follow a pattern not common to his sex. This is an Where there is no choice but for two families to

area where giving of oneself, restraining oneself, conlive together, it is wise, where possible, to divide the sidering the other before oneself, are fundamental to house into two apartments, if only with a curtain, lasting happiness and complete spiritual union. and even if the young couple must cook on an electric

One fruitful cause of unhappy inlaw relationships plate and put up with some inconvenience. Arrangeis the frequent need for two families to occupy the ments should be made for privacy, not alone in the

same house. bedroom but in the (Continued on page 126)

96 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

here 9s something for you!!!

im Sm

a sparkling new section for YOU in The Improvement Era—and—

WRITING CONTEST which will make YOU a part of this thrilling new project. Your article

or story should be to your ward committee by

March 10, so don't delay.

to Brigham Young University or a $100, $50, $25, or entry evaluated for publicayour have and $10 award section. Win a scholarship tion in the youth new

Get complete details from the January Era or your MIA Executives.

FEBRUARY 1960 97 BECAUSEWE AEE BKOTHEES by Lai Wah Quan

All great men in the past have, with their best the Nephites. We cannot deny that God has prophetalents, made attempts to secure peace for mankind: sied wars. We should realize that some wars are

philosophers, religionists, politicians, economists, socertainly prophesied by God, but many more are ciologists, militarists, and scientists all are working manmade wars which come from our avarice, lust, hard to avoid wars. Truly, there is no one who loves worldly ambition, envy, anger, pride, hatred, selfishwar nor anyone who detests peace. We admire what ness, and misunderstanding. Of course, we are unthese men have done, but it is much to be regretted able to stop God's prophecies of wars. However,

that their diligence came to naught. We are still we can avoid the manmade wars and reduce them to

wondering where peace is. The greatest problem tothe least degree.

day facing the world as how to get peace remains Our fearing of wars is not enough to make the unsolved for us. Sir Thomas Moore's Utopia and world peaceful. We can have real peace only when

Plato's Republic can only be found in our dreams. we understand why we must love one another. While

Some statesmen and diplomats think that the interwe were young, our parents often told us not to national organizations may give some help toward quarrel with our brothers. They said, "You must love

establishing peace. They therefore wish to pursue one another, because you are brothers."

peace and settle contention by negotiating instead of How impressive is the phrase "you are brothers."

fighting. Is there any better reason than "you are brothers"to

Some scientists are desirous to get away from wars tell us to love one another? Why do we have to love

by means of their inventions with which they intend our neighbors as ourselves? Because we are brothers.

to satisfy all human desires and help people to lead Why do we have to forgive those who did wrong to a more comfortable life, then no one would think of us? Because we are brothers. Why do we have to

wars. But it seems that scientists want to make sport love our enemies? Because we are brothers. Why

of us. The dedication of science to peace is really far do we have to help the poor and the needy? Because

behind the devotion to wars. The use of atomic we are brothers. Why do we have to express an attienergy as a weapon happened fifteen years ago, but tude of humility to others? Because we are brothers.

atomic power stations are only few and quite recent. How can peace come without brotherhood? The

Jet fighters and bombers came into use a long time only way to obtain what the angels sang, "on earth ago, but jet airliners are comparatively new. Atomic peace, good will toward men"(Luke 2:14) is to let

submarines are being used, but atomic oceanliners people comprehend that we are brothers. But how

are not yet in existence. many of us know this truth?

Before men can forget the agonies caused by a war, Several thousand young men and women of our another war has started and its destruction is greater. Church are laboring hard at home or abroad, at their

Doubtless, nuclear weapons will be used in any future own expenses to preach peace. Why do they render

wars. Some people, seeing that men, no matter how so much of their time and means? The answer is that

hard they work, cannot have peace pessimistically conwe are brothers. Just as we teach our brothers to do

sider that wars are inevitable; that they are a part of their homework, they want to teach the gospel. We

the destiny of human beings and were prophesied by know we were brothers in the preexistence, we are

God, who uses wars to test us and to warn and destroy brothers upon this earth as well, and we shall still be the wicked, just as he sent the Lamanites to destroy brothers when we return ( Continued on page 107)

98 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Early in 1960 Kennecott will have the more powerful electrical muscles it needs to continue to produce copMUSCLES per successfully in Utah. These new

muscles will come from the 16mil- lion dollar Central Power Station expansion project that began more COPPER than five years ago.

Plans for the expansion were under development for three years. Then, in 1958, actual construction began. When the

project is completed, the electrical productivity of the power station will be increased 75%—from 100,000 kilowatts to

175,000 kilowatts.

Providing for additional electrical power is only one example of how Kennecott's management plans for the future.

The success of copper production in Utah depends on finding the answers to tomorrow's problems before they arise.

By planning now—by reinvesting earnings in the future

of copper, Kennecott is offering its stockholders, its employees and the people of Utah the best possible assurance of the coniued operation of one of our state's more important businesses.

'J *?'aSS\.-'Mtn f /X

Utah CopperDivision Kennecott Copper Corporation

PROUDTO BE PART OF A GROWING UTAH

FEBRUARY 1960 99 The Brain shoulders and neck. Jack could see out. Anvbodv know how to make a

by the look on his scoutmaster's face snake uncoil?"

(Continued from page 87) that he knew how dangerous the There was a long pause in which situation was. no one spoke. Then Greg, who was

ably a rattler that came down off the Jack hurried back to the reasstanding near the outside of the ledges during the night and crawled sembled patrol leaders and told circle of Scouts, said in a low voice into the tent because it was a warm them what he had seen. "What are as if he were very timid, "I've got an

place to hide. We've got to get him we going to do?"he said, hoping idea that might work."

out or fix it so Mr. Mack can get out. that someone had figured out a plan Greg was the last person that

suggestions to help, Several able advance. thought might be Jack are in as things they leave couldWe offered, forward. seemed but none him but he motioned were out, to for the snake crawland wait

there Finally, were doubtidea?"asked no "What's your he will get a workable. afraidbut I'm Mr. Mack

see felt could fully, for that was Greg he still Jack more suggestions. to have or something andcramp

getting patrol. and nowhere, to the the a traitor were will they does, the snakemove. If he

ticking began use were minutes off. He "We can my rat. The one I trouble. in real we'restrike, then could a in trap."last long night to man caught wonder how my suggestions?"Any

in tent a hot lie position rat? in one your do you "Use What said a a For no one few minutes minute, a permoving. asked, thinking "Just without mean?"Jack patrol leaderword. seemed Each sugsaid finally. "Your fellows,"wrong. he he heard haps had speak. for the others to waitingto be

"if some work. just As that gestions won't snake "Well,"began, Greg as justFinally, one thought no Jack suggested, the of tent of in the have we could most try has you been to anything, say goingwas Sam with a forked snake the night, pin hungry; be he must down so maybe "It spoke.Short to me,"he to seems

hole, but if the breakfast."he'll stick through smells uncoil pushed he

is first to quietly,said thing "the do of shifting head the said imon,"almost pinning down Jack "Go is in findto the snake out where interior in the murky snake patiently. coiled a

tent. figurethe can Then maybe we difficult "I'll and slip tent tent rat the the be would of under my to next."out do what or blanket a risky. throw feet might snake, the from and about two We logilike to the This Jack seemed give it, snake, and the if he'll uncoil. over to for something goes have he

little do,cal to a thing he and was out; get but to a chance at cut the hole Mr. you Mack somebody Then hadn't thatsurprised thought he for only chance a be there with the a pin snake would could down

it sentof to himself. Jack Sam snake the If missed, If stick. throw. take doesn't forked we long one he

of discarded Mack's Mr.get one be excited, would off and get bait, we aren't the worse any would we therazor washstand, blades from are now. than in rat deeper the are we because now, We than we leaders patrol the other wentand can't shoot so gun, a got we haven't disturb him."won't

tellto the troop been what had stumped, just about I'm snake. the for a minpondering stood Jackdecided.

if snake the get could I think we but like didn't ute. the he Somehow thirty eyes, pairs of by Watched Mr. from uncoil away to and move it. idea because But Greg had made in aphand, razor bladeJack, shoulders, we and neck Mack's it like to that admit sounded he had tent. tent the the Luckilyproached it pin to down chance a have might it "Well, you've heard work. might cut of thin nylon andwas made get to chance a give Mr. Mack and think?"plan. Greg's you do What ineasily. large quickly a cut Jack

verted "V"in the side of the tent, he said. By the general nodding of

pulled the loose piece of fabric to heads and the murmuring, he could the outside, and peered anxiously tell that the troop was agreeable. By

into the shadowy interior. Mr. this time Jack, too, was agreed. "Go

Mack's head and shoulders were get the rat, Greg,"Jack said as he quickly toward walked and poreasily distinguishable as they TO PROVE THE SUN turned

I'll of willows, "and stand a nearby bag, but out of the sleepingtruded

Jack couldn't see the snake. His by Jane Merchant get the stick."

eyes searched the floor of the tent When Jack saw the pink cage, he again and again, but they couldn't thought about the fuss he had find what they sought. Finally, Long days of dark rain come and go, raised about Greg bringing it along.

Jack studied Mr. Mack's face and Mornings without a golden glow, Now he was beginning to think that

eyes, hoping for a sign which would Evenings without a rosy ray, perhaps bringing the cage wasn't indicate where the snake was. Each moment uniformly gray. such a bad idea. "This is how we'll

Mr. Mack lay rigid; his eyes, wide work it,"he said, turning to Greg.

open, were turned to the left and This is a time for being glad "You and I will both walk up to the down. Taking this as a cue, Jack Of all the bright days we have had, tent together. Then you move about

looked across the tent and down. Remembering how the sunlight shone two feet down from me, and when I

The snake was there. It was well In all the vivid hours we've known. give the signal, let the rat out. After

camouflaged, but Jack recognized the rat is in the tent, come and stand the markings. It was a rattler. The This is the season, yours and mine, by me. When I shout 'NOW make

snake lay like a piece of carefully For letting storedup radiance shine a long slit in the tent with your coiled rope directly to the side of To prove that, when our world was knife. Then Sam and Ralph, here,

the sleeping bag and about a foot lit will reach in and pull Mr. Mack out.

down from Mr. Mack's exposed With sun, we made the most of it. If the snake doesn't go after the rat,

100 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA find exactly the rightWhy you can organ for your church with Hammond!

The new Hammond Extravoice Organ with its single manual offers The Hammond Spinet, the most popular of fine organs for church, an exciting performance equivalent to a "third"hand playing a school or home, totally eliminates tuning expense. It can never

"third"keyboard. Yet your church can enjoy this newest of go out of tune... offers a perfect Permanent Pitch for true musical

Hammond Organs at the lowest Hammond prices ever. brilliance always.

The new Hammond SelfContained Model offers the advanced The Hammond Church Model with its vast tonal resources endows organist all the playing facilities of a Hammond Home or Church your parishioners with the total magnificence of religious music.

organ and an acoustically ideal tone system engineered into one And with Harmonic Drawbars (exclusive with Hammond), the beautifully styled console. Yet, for all its versatility of tone and least experienced organist is capable of blending thousands of

compact design, it is modestly priced. different tone combinations to create it.

factory. you F.O.B. begin And Prices at $895, can THE HAMMONDChoice ofORGANover 43,000 institutions as little church in your organs for have any of these

as $25 down and convenient monthly payments.

Mail this coupon to Hammond Organ Company, 4220 W. Diversey Ave., Chicago 39, 111.

We would like to see a Hammond Organ color film. Name

We would like to hear a free organ concert.

ChurchPlease send booklet telling how our church can raise money for an organ. AddressPlease send literature on the various models

of the Hammond Organ. City County

1959, HAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY 1E3

FEBRUARY 1960 101 YOUR SALT LAKE somethingI'll wave youelse.allHaveback,youandallwe'llgot thetry camethe stickin behindover Mr.the Mack'suncoilingheadrattler.and

OPTICAL instructionsScouts nodded,straight?"their facesThe drawnthree Hewas wantedfully uncoiled,to wait butuntilas thehe lookedsnake

HEADQUARTERS tightgoand mouths set. "O K, let's hadtowardsensedthe ratthe hesnake.could Thesee thatsnakeit

They approached the tent quietly. was nearly all uncoiled when it

Jack stopped and Greg moved down stopped. The rat had scurried away

EYEGLASSES from him two short steps; while and was trying to get under the far

Sam and Ralph stood a little back end of the tent.

CONTACT LENSES from Jack. Greg knelt down by the Jack knew this was it. Moving

ARTIFICIAL EYES rattlertent as hadJackmoved.looked Itto hadn't,see if andthe thesnake'sstickneck,to withinin one quickan inchmovementof the

HEARING AIDS Mr. Mack was still in the same rigid he pinned the "V"shaped head to

position. Keeping one eye on the the floor. The snake began to buzz

snake, Jack half turned and signaled violently. "NOW!"Jack shouted.

3 LOCATIONS... Greg to let the rat under the tent. "NOW!"

Greg placed the cage close to the With one slash of his knife Greg

The bottom of the tent. Then he lifted laid the whole side of the tent open.

the side of the tent with one hand Then Ralph and Sam reached in and and opened the door to the cage Mr. Mack all but flew through the

OPTICAL SHOP withrat's everythe other.movement.Jack watchedFirst the therat airScoutsas pulledTroophim,48'ssleepingtwo strongestbag and

420 Boston Bldg. sniffed at the door as if suspecting all, out of the tent. As soon as Mr.

something were wrong, then, as Mack and the others were clear of 368 East First South though it had concluded this were the tent, Jack released the still buzz1062 East 2 100 South the way to freedom, it slipped out of ing snake and moved back to where

EM 3-5262 the cage and into the tent. As the they were standing.

rat into slipped the tent, gave Jack the five spoke as they one of Not Salt Lake City, Utah sigh of relief a silent turned and tent. all stood the gazing Altoward

of his attention to the interior of the most immediately the snake slipped tent. out from under the tent and started

Although the sun was higher, and gliding rapidly toward the woods it was lighter now, he still couldn't and the ledges. They watched sisee the rat for a moment. Then he lently until the snake was lost in the

saw it. The rat was sniffing around grass, then Mr. Mack grabbed Jack FOLDKING

the bottom of the sleeping bag. The by the shoulder. "Jack,"he said,

snake hadn't moved, and Jack won- "the idea of using the rat as bait dered if the rat were too far away was nothing short of brilliant. How

for the snake to sense it? The rat did you ever cook up that idea?"

then began to move again, and Jack Jack smiled a moment, then, pointFo ld Kjmc almost shouted as the rat moved toing to Greg who was standing siward the curled snake. lently near by, said, "There's the

TABLE LINE FOLDING social Suddenly the snake raised its brain. It was his idea. I just kind Kitchen committees, groups, attention! Dircctfrom- head and seemed to be following of organized things."

discounts factory up reptile's the rat's movements. The terms.—and thanked to Churches, Greg Mr. Mack 40%prices

Schools, and Clubs,—Lodges all cruel as head moved higher the back, slapped if it everyone him on organizations. Monnew Our

air for scent. Folding testing roe the FoldKing I960 were Then ex- "Brain."calling the After him

Tables are unmatched Banquet in the again head back came down little, durability, convenfor quality, 7 a MODELS. died citement had down

ience appearhandsome ROLLING. and SMOOTH, motion. slow slow heart Jack's was to explain what began sizes. Mr. Mack and STORAGE, ance. 68 Models EASY HANDLING,

BIG 1960 CATALOG FREE—beating so loudly he could hear it, happened. "Fellows,"he began, "in

line tables, chairs, table and chair trucks, and in spite of the coolness of the all my years of camping I have never Color pictures. Full

platformrisers, portable partitions, bulletin boards. 52nd year. morning, sweat was running down heard of a snake story like this one,

THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, lewa his back, and his hands were clammy. and I hope I never do, but one thing

Just when it looked like the snake I'm glad of is that this troop knows might have lost interest, its head how to handle any emergency. With

touched the ground, and slowly the 'brains'like Greg and people like long body began to uncoil. Inch by Jack who can organize, this troop

slide to the inch snake toward began places."to really go ought for SEVENTYFIVEIN USE YEARS

rat. the unsuspecting all of after afternoon in the Later in treatment simpleAids of Canker, to the snake began As move practices demonstrations and tothe throatsore other minor and mouth

rat, his in forked slipped the standing over, Jack ward was were Jack irritations. throatand

stick down through the hole in the front of his tent alone when Roge tent. He moved the forked end of came up. "Well, I guess we made it

HALL'S REMEDY Salt Lake City, Utah

102 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA America's Finest AllWeather Motor Oil

Lasts Longer Cuts Wear Saves Gasoline Tunes Up Your Motor As You Drive

Give your car the care it deserves at Utoco Dealers where you expect more and you get it!

Available Nationwide

UTAH OIL REFINING CO.

FEBRUARY 1960 103 a

twothirds anyway,"the assistant Roge said with a rather quizzical patrol leader said. look on his face. "I thought you'd

"What do you mean by twogo up in smoke."

thirds?"Jack questioned. "It's not that important."

"Mr. Mack just announced that "Not that important! Why for the

we get to represent the troop in past six weeks you've been saying water safety, cooking, and bridgethat Greg was a weak link, and that building at Big Pine Mountain. The the patrol had to be a team, and all

Panther Patrol got the signaling, so that stuff. What happened?"

I guess it worked out about the way "Nothing,"Jack answered grinyou figured."ning. "It's just that I've decided

"I guess,"came Jack's easy reply. that a brain in the patrol is worth

Woxtityip in comfort "You don't seem very worried,"more than a signaler any day."

with individual seating by More and more HEYWOOD99 places of worship WAKEFIELD "A short walk... that never ends

are featuring individual comfort and privacy with HeywoodWakefield Richard L. Evans

seating. Tastefully designed and

manufactured to highest quality "Life is a short walk along a narrow thread...

standards, chairs are available with TJgIf.-:::::: beginning and ending in a mysterious unknown.

variety aisle a racks of hymnal and as the walk narrow balanced us SJ keeps we THE Hope respecific ends adapted to your 7 SPOKEN. it, is reality in line. see as short but Life we / quirements. illusfor folder WORD Write

it is all that short, or long ends—and, never we.. trating models. many 1 like are times would yave. have. There Life is when we all we HEYWOODWAKEFIELD COMPANY to keep it as it is, freeze it, in a sense; keep it from changing—times

Church Seating Division MENOMINEE, MICHIGAN when we have our families and friends around us, when we have enjoyed some success, when we are in health and happiness. There

are lovely days and lovely hours which we dislike to leave behind, but ever more aware we are that we cannot hold on to any hour.

have been would what regrets, and wonder back. move, can't go we We must MY ifSometimeswe had donewe havedifferently—but SCHOOL always—always with some problems, with some unanswered quesLUNCH tions, with some uncertainties, with some seeming injustices. Often

IS we feel we would like to see the future, and often feel we would

GOOD* like to change the past. There are some experiences we would like

to eliminate from life, and some we would like again to live—to

it's says my mom in are as to the picture. the part of whole But rerun picture, we

too!.good.. for me She

it. a only short segment, stone grinds the must to flour appraise and a no position We see

few hours before baking learn to live with the faith and solid assurance that the record and. the bread.. yummy,

can you taste the difaccounts are being kept, that the books will be balanced, that all ference! will receive all they are entitled to, and that no one will be unjustly dealt with in the eternities that follow time. Life is all we have—

life of endless length—and there is great purpose and meaning and

Invest in a LEE reason for living, and reason for learning, for trying, for trusting,

HOUSEHOLD for improving, for repenting, with a great gratitude for family and

FLOUR MILL friends, with a great appreciation for the importance of principles,

Electric and great compassion for people and their problems, even as the

Portable Automatic poetess eloquently pleaded in these moving lines:

Economical

of Choice 4 mills, And teach me, Father, how to love the most for prices! write today

on introductory Save flour offer... send Those who most stand in need of love, that host

coupon with check or Of people who are sick, and poor, and bad, for money order 5 lb. Whose tired faces show their lives are sad, pkg. stone ground

day shipped. Who toil along the road with footsteps slow,

Lee Engineering And hearts more heavy than the world can know. 2

Company Milwaukee 1, Wis. Accredited2These six linesto Arthurare quotedBrisbane.from Sourcea longerunknown.poem, Teach me to Love, by Louise Knight

I LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, IE-2-60 Wheatley.

I 2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 1, Wis.

D DEAF SMITH FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg. PPd. Only $1.50 "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

I WIS. MINN. FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg. PPd. Only $1.00 Columbia Broadcasting System, December 6, 1959. Copyright 1959.

I Name Street I City State

104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

s-**8"**** ps*****.*.

How I Love to Relax!

,*'is

Whenever you travel—on

business or pleasure—for Cares and tensions

extra comfort and relaxation fade away like magic, go on a luxurious Union when you go

Pacific train. It's a wonderful Union Pacific way to catch up on your rest

... to enjoy delicious food at Domeliner.

reasonable prices... carefree

relaxation in the lounge cars.

Here's another tip—with

Union Pacific's Family Fares you can take your wife along for just the oneway fare for the round trip!

For information, reservations or help with your travel plans, see your nearest

Union Pacific ticket agent.

UNION PACIFIC

.. for dependable transportation—passenger and freight

FEBRUARY 1960 105.

Twentysix Hours to the measurement chart, and instructo get Washington approval. She

Make a Dress? tion brochure, the technician went arranged tentatively for Miss Samato the office of the vice president. hati to go to New York and then she

He was obviously impressed with went to Washington. Approval was

(Continued from page 85) the careful, meticulous work done by obtained for Miss Samahati's transbill a was toICA and then see if some U. S. thein headsIndonesianof departments,leaders. Heand calledthey fer.differentThe moneymatter,to paythis thehad be

pattern company might do the job?"looked over the materials. They approved in Djakarta. The project

"Why not? why not?"—their spirits said they could work on the project had to move ahead if the patterns

rose. A letter was sent that day to a if they had an Indonesian person were to be made. The technician

clothing specialist in Washington rethere to help them, and if they could went to Carnegie Tech. to brief Miss

questing names and addresses of all begin work immediately in order to Samahati and made the final arrangepatternthe the Sensing companies. it slack for the during complete season in her stay ments six weeks Newurgency, sent copies of the letter she vear's its bethe York. before last rush project in and new The was

allto the companies and asked all that that gan. estimated before it would They week clearances were

if intersendthey word to Djakarta bill. job. to take six to do the pay the weeks made

ested. What answers to prayers! Miracles Miss Samahati endeared herself

The most enthusiastic response never cease. There were just six to all the McCall staff. They turned

came from McCall Pattern Company weeks remaining in Miss Samahati's over their whole operation to the in New York. The reply was signed contract; she had just completed her Indonesian project. Sketches of Inby the vice president and indicated semester at Carnegie Institute of donesian designs decorated the walls,

a willingness and eagerness to give Technology; she would be free to go swatches of materials suitable for

any assistance possible. The techto McCall's if arrangements could be kabajas were on display. The usual

nician was preparing to go to the made in Washington. One must "inch"equipment was changed to

states for home leave and sent word sometimes be willing to venture. This centimeter measurements. The patshe would like an interview with the was such an occasion. The technician terns went through all the processes

vice president on her arrival in New gave the "go ahead"sign to the vice of checking and rechecking. SamYork. president and told him that she ples were made up in muslin.

Armed with Bristol board tracings, would pay the bill if she was not able Instructions were written in IndoSmart HomeSewers Select McCall's Patterns...

the EASIEST and the BEST

EXCLUSIVE FEATURES..

DoubleSafety Cutting Lines to guide your scissors safely.

EasyRule printed alteration measurements to simplify adjustments.

Petite Women's Sizes by Hannah Troy.

Couture Designs by Cardin, Givenchy and Trigere.

Wardrobes by Helen Lee, America's foremost fashion designer for little girls.

Look for McCall's Patterns in fine stores everywhere.

P. S. The I960 National Grange $50,000 Sewing Contest starts February 1. For full

details see your local McCall's dealer or write to The National Grange Monthly, 29 Worthington St., Springfield 3, Mass.

REMEMBER—it must be McCall's to be

a winner. McCALL'S PATTERNS,

230 Park Avenue, New York 17, N. Y.

106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA nesian and illlustrations were made her answer. She immediately said, nesia's new industries. Patterns will

of all processes for construction. "No, I cannot leave our pattern become available in every village

This was a breathtaking period project; I shall stay until it is finof Indonesia for work clothing, all

for Miss Samahati. She comes from ished."This she did—in fact, she types of kebajas and international

a little island north of Sulawesi, has worked into the night many times type clothing. Homemakers can

long been an orphan, was shy and and made the last drawing at five make their own kebajas, thus increase worried about how she would get in the afternoon on the day before their income. They will take more

along in a strange land when she having to leave to keep her appointpride in themselves, thus give a lift accepted the ICA grant for a year's ment in Djakarta. She had no chance to the home atmosphere and be on

study at Carnegie Institute of Techfor sightseeing, not even for a swim the road to a higher level of living.

nology. At this point she was no in Honolulu. She had to take as

longer shy, nor afraid—but rather direct a flight as possible to get back

poised, dignified, full of vitality and on time.

interest, and carried through to the She and Mrs. Porrie and the Because We Are Brothers

end magnificently. She did not hesiothers will supervise the experiment- (Continued from page 98)

tate to speak up to the technicians ing and evaluation period which and say that the patterns had to be will begin when the bulk shipment to the presence of God. The acceptin centimeters when they reported arrives. They will try their patterns ance of the Fatherhood of God, the

that it was impossible to change their out in the twelve teacher training divine Sonship of his son, Jesus whole setup from inches to centischools, in five mass education Christ, and the brotherhood of all meters. She insisted that the patterns centers, with Perwari women's club mankind is the only way to the

would be worthless in Indonesia if groups, with homemaker groups peaceful world. Besides having faith,

made in inches. So they found a way under direction of the Home Ecorepentance, baptism, and the gift of

to make the change. Two weeks benomics Association, and with stuthe Holy Ghost, we ought to share

fore her work was finished, she redents at Bogor University. this message of peace with others in

ceived word that if she wanted to The big day will come after the order to be exalted in the kingdom return to Indonesia by way of Eutrial period is over. If it seems feasiof heaven.

rope she must leave then. There ble and conditions permit, pattern Nothing is more valuable than

was not a moment's hesitation for making may become one of Indopeace, and nothing is greater than

Now you get EXTRA EARNINGS with these NEW Western Savings BONUS PLANS:

IN SALT LAKE CITY each year for:

1. PREPAID INVESTMENT Deposit $1,000 or more in a

Western Prepaid Investment Account. PLAN 1—At the end of 36 months, you will

receive Vi of 1% Bonus Each Year. PLAN 2-At the end of 84 months you will receive

a full 1% Bonus Each Year. Bonus earnings are in addition to regular dividends, currently 4% and paid semiannually.

H. fell mIu MAT lb uAVlNGS Open a Systematic Savings Account, deposit

$10 or more by the 10th of each month. PLAN 1—At the end of 60 months you will

receive '/> of 1% Bonus Each year. PLAN 2—At the end of 120 months you will receive

a full 1% Bonus Each Year. Bonus earnings are in addition to regular dividends, currently 4% and paid semiannually.

for your Your account at Western Savings in Salt Lake City is insured to $10,000 by the savings Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation, an agency created by the

United States Government to protect your savings.

Western Savings pays the postage both ways when you save by mail. Get full information by mailing this coupon today.

Open your account AT THE ORIGINAL Western Savings today at Salt Lake City, Utah Western Savings SavingsPleasePlans.send me full information on your Bonus

where you get the very most Name for your Address FIRST 45 EAST SOUTH savings dollars SALT CITY. LAKE UTAH MORTGAGES L City State.

FEBRUARY 1960 107 the work of preaching peace which eral boys that I have dated have been is given to us by God through prophquite offended, and feeling that I ets. In the riotous world today, did not like them, have quit asking

more significant are the works of our me out. When I do finally meet the

missionaries who are preaching man I should marry, I shall want to peace to everyone as Jesus and his give him all my love and affection, apostles did. The rapid progress and I believe that the kiss will mean

of gospel works proves that the mesmore if it has not been thrown to all sage of peace is universally noticed; the other boys, too."

for instance, the newly organized Incident number two is the story

Southern Far East Mission had a of a girl who did not believe in being total number of 896 persons baptized true to her future husband. She

in the mission in 1958, or about thought she would win the favor of twelve converts for each missionary. young men by yielding to their adOver ten converts have been called vances:

to the mission field. Obviously, the "She is a pretty girl, and she

message of peace makes people in dresses well. She rarely lacks for a

the world happier, friendlier, and date in the middle of the week. She

ends. free is But her never on week comfortable. WATER more the regulardates go with and come beautiful the picture of a How

HEATER peaceful world is. It is up to you ity of the ocean tides, and for the

and me to bring this peaceful world most part they are just as impersonal.

upon earth by teaching all people Fellows date Sally for the single reathe gospel of Jesus Christ who is the son that she is well known as an

LIVE BETTER Prince of Peace, making them undereasy mark.

ELECTRICALLY standTo expressthe relationshipour gratitudeof mankind.and apbolsters"To be aseenman'swith reputationher several timesas a

with FULL preciation for those who have placed Casanova who knows his way themselves in a position to preach around. But few fellows date her HOUSEPOWER the message of peace and those who any longer than it takes to find conUTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. sponsored this great work, we would genial replacements all their own.

like to read them a verse of scripture: The new girl may not be so attracJesus Christ said, "Blessed are the tive or stylish or all the things that

peacemakers."(Matthew 5:9.) Sally ironically owns up to, but her

Order Today notdate inclinedwill feeltothatneckshewithis hisTomalone,tothe did with as she Frank morrow GRIND YOUR OWN before. day The Editors Page &l CEREAL FLOUR reputation sound good may "A

with this sturdy (Continued from page 79) stuffy, but it is something to cherish.

to you. decision The averis up The

dating. a great deal concerns I have of advantage takes fellow never age MILL different so ideas heard and WHEAT many likes."a girl he really More Than

this I that subject on Sold explanations 12,000 to Date am quite confused. //. Group Companionship and

Important Factors in out gone with I have "But boys Sociability: ONLY Teenage Years. for a half, I have a good year and and

factor is important felt A second I have choosing a congenial companion. affection $650 learnedthat I wouldmanylikethings.to save my

POSTPAID until I meet the man that I am to ANYWHERE IN marry. However, several of my Choosing a Mate

AMERICA friends seriously disagree with me and feel that I am being an extremist. The problem of choosing a proper,

Mill cracks or grinds wheat, corn and all They have made me very unhappy congenial mate is very vital. During

kinds of hard or soft grains. Grinds IV2 because of many things they have the period of courtship young people

pounds of flour or cereal per minute.... said, and I have begun to wonder if should mingle with one another and

Fully guaranteed by Pehrson's. some of mv ideas might be wrong. become acquainted with one anSPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS "Nearly all of us agree that it other's dispositions. The young girl

is wrong to sit and kiss and spoon inclined to music, who learns to

Please send me one Wheat Mill. Enclosed is for long periods of time. I am play an instrument, or who sings, order.) or (check $6.50 money

likely that, to find against they is a good mate completely but more

Name... refusing after a than taken one at home who sits boy has tell me that

Address me out several times and shown to go out in society.

City me a good time, I should show my The boy who participates in

State appreciation by a goodnight kiss. I athletics is more likely to find a conhave never felt this to be true. Sevgenial mate than one who sits by the

PEHRS0N HARDWARE 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

108 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA television or radio. In other words,

associations are conducive to happy marriages because young folk become acquainted with one another can lose weight!

and have more opportunity for choice. ''..'''. "''v.':..'.,-

Here, young people, let me sound a note of warning against "going steady"too young. It is true that with SURE MEALa young girl finds in it a sense of

present security so far as dates to public functions and social parties are concerned, and it may be the determining of a final union; but S Control

'* Your Weight"going steady"too early in life is you When havefraught with with handicaps which Reduce reached your defieryhopeful, not be youth should with sired weight, continue subjected. SURE MEAL to use one Sure Meal

once each this day will are In the people—first place, young /

help you to maintain a good "fall tovery susceptible—quick nutritional balance also and help in It It'scuts safeyourandcaloriesure! / /love,"and being immature in judgintake—while maintain- / you to keep the intake of calories

hea'th vigor your ing and under control. If | you gain distinguish withment, not * between may

nutrition. proper through one Sure Meal, you can cut thefascination passion or and true / calories is in scientifically a your ordinary Sure Meal meals or

love. oradmiration genuine use two else! three or Sure Meals planned a day food—nothing

for short periods to bring about slowly or rapidly reduce can You Limits Steady Going of I the control when it you use—can Meal Sure You with—

, use Sure there's Meal \ countno lost until you—want have you a 3 times day steady"place, "going In the second

all for done you!/ \ ing the part of substantial all or a calories—it's if girlslimits, excludes, not boys and lose. to want weight you

from having the opportunity of beFor best long range results use coming acquainted with one another. Sure Meal twice a day with skim

For example, dancing with the same milk or powdered milk and have each calorie meal low one other evening duringpartner an entire off the taken until have you spiritproscribes the social to lose. wish of the weightday, you

ballroom.

But the worst of early choosing to "go steady"is that it gives to the young man a sense of familiarity or girl, aownership, and to the young belonging, a rapturous offeeling

Better rightlystate to be consummated Feel \ *"*y Sure Meal Savecosts Moneyless than the ordiit nary replaces, meal at the and vows. marriageonly s when But by weight I no had time, same you can sure the be > I enbut problem, daring unbridled,experienced by will meal nutritiously be sound. just Meal Sure fruit like bejoy pluckedyouth, becomes serving of One Sure oz.) Meal {% use I it's good. because

1 is it when mixed with ripe, of cup milkfore unsavory, something, regularly it breakfast for will furnish the individual normal along drink joy. as to auncontributive connubial sometimes and the essential with food elements to It helps meals. other with my that discover day you may Some for one complete meal consisting essential the with supply body my of "steady"of choice meat, youryour vegetables, was bread butand minvitamins and elements, food

ter, beverage. and apremature. pep. for more I needed that erals

following that mindful Ever be—you "I feel better with Sure Meal."canIf youaffordcan SUREafford MEAL!to eat obligaother haschildhood, youth

tions besides choosing a mate or having a "good time."He must defirst of of kindtermine all what If you just want to try SURE MEAL, send for the 20meal size. But if you develop.character he will must He

decide what his trade or profession have a lot of weight to lose, order the economical 40meal size at only $9.00,

will be, and if and when he chooses a wife, how he will support her and or the case of 6-40meal containers for only $45.00.

the children.

"Going steady"may so enchant the Don Lyman & Associates I may be interested in selling SURE MEAL associated other these thatcouple East 10th So. 472

too little City,obligations given Salt Lake Utah Free Delivery Phone EM 3-9674 be may consideration. Please send

SURE MEAL Name III. Sacredness of a Promise 20 Meal Size $ 4.75

The third ideal I name as con40 Meal Size 9.00 \J Address

6-40 Meal Size (Case).... 45.00

Vanilla Q Defatted Chocolate City and State

FEBRUARY I960 109 tributive to the happy marriage beeyes wide open; but after marriage, just as they breathe the air of the

gins when you kneel at the altar, keep them half shut. What I mean home, and thus become refined and

each covenanting to be true to the by this may be illustrated by the cultured children, for the essence of other. A man who gives his word, remark of a young woman who said true culture is consideration for

if he be honorable, is bound more to her husband, "I know my cooking others.

than when he signs a contract, beisn't good. I hate it as much as you Do not forget, when difficulties

cause his word is his bond, and so do; but do you find me sitting around arise, when debts begin to pile up

is that contract of marriage, and griping about it?"This "griping"and taxes have to be paid, when

particularly when the couple kneels after marriage is what makes for unbabies require coddling and perhaps in the House of the Lord, signifying happiness. A wise mate learns to feeding at night—that courtesy after

that each is worthy of the other. control the tongue. marriage is a contributing factor toThe young girl knows that he to ward harmony and peace in the

whom she gives herself is just as "Boys flying kites haul in their white home.

worthy of fatherhood as she of winged birds—

can't that you're do You when way Punctuality Courtesy, is justified shemotherhood, in and

.,. flying words.

is so.thinking free from Each any is in a Nothing becoming more unexpressed someThoughts may the of his "hadmemory boy who forbeargreat courtesy than and man fall dead, times back isfling."It feeling glorious to a wife ance. with punctual your Be kill can't Himself them But God is for only other. each theknow that If children. duties with your and said."they're when

hesitate apoloto detain you, not do Carleton) (Will in Share Love explain. gize Punctuality and and

Marriage offers an opportunity to Do not speak the complaining consideration after marriage are imshare in the love and care of chilword; just walk outdoors. I once portant factors of a congenial home.

dren, the paramount purpose of heard of a couple who never had a I conclude by giving you a glimpse marriage. "Without children—or withquarrel, for they decided that whenof the significance of an ideal marout believing that children are imever one lost his or her temper he riage ceremony. The bridegroom

portant—marriage is incomplete and or she would go out and take a walk. kneeling at the altar has in his heart

unfulfilled."He spent most of his time walking. the dearest possession that a husTrue, children take time, give Under this heading of selfcontrol, band can cherish—the assurance that

trouble, and require more patience indulgence in tobacco, failure to she who places her hand in his in than we sometimes have. They master appetites for alcoholic stimuconfidence is as pure as a sunbeam,

interfere with freedom, good times, lants, have been a source of unhapas spotless as the newly fallen snow.

and luxury. But the children are the piness in otherwise happy homes, He has the assurance that in her

real purpose behind marriage. If we and changed into tragedy many an purity and sweetness she typifies dido not put the proper value on parotherwise useful life. In courtship vine motherhood. Now, young man,

enthood, we are not emotionally or and marriage neither taste tobacco you tell me, will you, whether that socially ready for marriage. nor tipple in strong drink. assurance, that complete faith and

Young people, marriage is a relaconfidence, is not worth everything tionship that cannot survive self- V. Courtesy else in the world.

is the assurishness, impatience, domineering, A fifth contributing factor I name And equally sublime inequality, and lack of respect. Maris courtesy. During courtshin each ance the young girl has that the man

riage is a relationship that thrives is pleased to anticipate the wishes whom she loves, to whom she gives on acceptance, equality, sharing, of the other, and, within the bounds herself in marriage, comes to her giving, helping, doing one's part, of propriety, to take joy in granting with that same purity and strength learning, and laughing together. those wishes. Too many couples of character which she brings to him.

Violation of the marriage vows look upon the covenant at the marSuch a union will indeed be a marproves the violator to be one who riage altar as the end of courtship. riage ordained of God for the glory

cannot be trusted, and "to be trusted It should be the beginning of an of his creation.

is a greater compliment than to be eternal courtship, and that means This is your heritage, youth, as loved."the same consideration in the home you contemplate an eternal partnerAlways keep in mind the fact that for the wife that was given to her as ship, and I pray that you may realize

the covenant you make is a funda- a sweetheart in courtship; the same it, and find the true joy and happimental factor to your happiness in consideration for the husband, even ness of such a cherished ideal, in the

marriage. though he sits behind the paper in name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

the morning and doesn't say a word.

Factors in Marriage Life becomes humdrum, but that ACCENT ON YOUTH

So, thus far we have as contribut- "humdrum"is broken if we rememing factors in marriage, (1) A ber that "if you please,""thank From Hawaii, from Canada, from

Good Reputation, (2) A Congenial you,"and "pardon me,"are just as all over the world letters have

Mate, (3) Honor at the Marriage appropriate and as much apprereached President David O. McKay,

Altar. ciated after marriage as before. congratulating him and asking for

In the home blessed with children, copies of his giant fireside talk to

IV. SelfControl children seeing father courteous to youth on January 3, 1960. They

A fourth factor is selfcontrol in the mother, and mother to father, parcame from Latterday Saints and home. During courtship keep your take themselves of that attribute, non Latterday Saints alike, for all

110 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA New Yorkers were AMAZED By a Frank Newspaper Series That Discussed

VITAMIN PRICE COMPARISONS Now You Too Can Learn How To SAVE...

STOP PAYING HIGH PRICES FOR

I m T A A recent public service study of Patent Vitamin Catalog. This interest prompted

Medicines in one of New York's leading us to tell the entire nation our story.

evening newspapers, devoted one entire installment to vitamins and disclosed Hudson Vitamin Products has been many interesting highlights about the serving doctors and nurses for over 25 sale of Vitamins and VitaminMineral years and now you, too, can purchase combinations. your Vitamins direct from Hudson at

savings that are up to 50% and more.

One of the startling revelations in this Page after page in the Free Hudson frank article was the wide variance of Catalog shows tremendous dollar savVitamin prices. ings on Vitamins, VitaminMineral combinations and Food Supplements. The following three paragraphs taken

from the series, as it appeared, are of Here is one example from the Hudson particular concern to every family buyVitamin Catalog: A very popular multiing Vitamins. ple vitamin that is taken once-a-day,

particular bottled vitamin "Any un-.regularly.. the Hudsonsells forformulaabout sells$3.10 forper only100 der one all practical label is, for and

therapeutic purposes, the same as if it is $1.50 per 100.

bottled is, another under label. The fact another Here is high—a wellknown most concentrates the Vitamin of conpotency formula with Vitamin B complex sumed nationally minerals, advertised at and in America are produced by only C a few companies. per $5.95 100.. for. can be purchased

"The list of ingredients in a Vitamin only $2.25 per 100 direct from the Hudcompound is one thing the consumer can son Vitamin Catalog.

almost always depend on to be correct.

Any company which fails to label the These are only two examples that you is find that catalog in our page 40 bottle the exact with formula and amount will simple, to has been easy a read and (or unit strength) ingredient each of millions for guide from, Vitamin buying risks a seizure by the U.S. Government.

coastto-coast.

"Bearing that in mind, it is interesting to pick up a few Vitamin catalogs Write for the Catalog and show it to and compare the prices charged by difyour doctor if you like—but, by all

ferent companies for the same Vitamin means, discover for yourself why Hudcompounds."son has become a direct moneysaving

source for Vitamins throughout the

Following publication of the installnation. All Hudson Vitamin Products

ment we received hundreds of telephone are sold with a complete money back calls requesting copies of the Hudson guarantee.

HUDSON VITAMIN PRODUCTS, INC.

89 Seventh Avenue, Dept. M-712, New York 11, New York

PLEASE MAIL COUPOM TOBAYI

Inc. Dept. M-712 PEODUCTS, VITAMIN HUDSON

1 Avenue, York 89 Seventh York New 11, New OSERVICECONSUMERBY OFTHEBUREAU*Q* Catalog. Please mail Free Vitamin Hudson me your

') Hudson VitaminsPARENTS have been awarded the NAME parents'magazine commendation seal ADDRESS CITY ZONESTATE-

FEBRUARY 1960 111 Across the street to the west is the

Temple Grounds, to the south is recognized the urgency of his mesthe shopping district and to the sage to youth. President David O.

outside the east are the Church Offices. McKay'sMarriage"addressintroducedon "Courtshipa series andof

twelve additional broadcasts dealing front door... with the subject, We Live Our Religion.

is downtown Among the leaders of the Church who have participated or will parSalt Lake Ml Hhii. ticipateElders Haroldin this B.firesideLee, programSpencer areW.

Kimball, and Howard W. Hunter of C**J m

the Council of the Twelve, and!.'S'tin President Marion D. Hanks of the

it'EllMili Seventy. of the First Council

By radio the messages of these

And inside leaders come to the youth of the

Church. After the fireside by Presithat door... Comfortable, pleasant rooms dentthe largestMcKaybuildingswhich wasavailablehousedandin

reached approximately 200,000 youth the finest Two wonderful dining rooms throughout the Church, the succeedserving exquisite food ing firesides have been on a more hotel service Twohundred-car underground intimate basis, housed ideally in garage homes with congenial age groups discussed listened then and who yourself visit an enjoyable to be found Assure arisen. that freely questions The had

to Salt Lake City by staying in the fully with cooperated MIA has

this series a success. anywhere HOTEL UTAH makecommittee of General Authoritiestheto

Max Dean, Mgr. Parents have listened to the same

addresses in their homes, thus forming the basis of understanding and communication between parents and vouth.

THE LEHI TREEOF-LIFE STONE A THRILLING DISCOVERY SUPPORTING THE

BOOK OF MORMON The Mormons and the The carving on this ancient monument of Central America appears to American Community portray the Book of Mormon prophet Lehi and his family seated around the Life; also the of Tree of spoken cherubim in Genesis the Rook and

as the water,""river of guarding Tree; as well as the the (Continued from page 83) of Mormon

"rod of iron,"and all the other features of Lehi's vision of the Tree of

Life, just as described in the Book of Mormon, I Nephi 8! country had sent splendidly gifted

A complete interpretation of this remarkable sculpture has now been planners and architects, as those who published—including decipherment of hieroglyphs that have been found laid out Savannah for the imported

carved above two of the six persons seated around the Tree, recording captive audience and population their names! which Admiral Oglethorpe brought

Stela 5, Izapa, Chiapas, Mexico; a Major Archaeological Discovery of to Georgia at the start of the 18th

the New World. Detailed Commentary on the Carving. By M. Wells Century.

(Special Archaeological Society University Ph.D. Jakeman, The PubApart from such shippedin into nonmembers, to U.A.S. lications, No. members; price Free 2).

$2.00. serts in the native landscape AmeriAlso available: The Treeof-Life Carving of Stela 5, Izapa, Chiapas, cans under the pressure of first

Mexico (the "Lehi TreeofLife Stone"). Drawing reproduction, 4x5 ft. pioneering and the later sharp rush

(threefourths actual size), on linen, with means for suspension and of utilitarianism have almost always an explanatory leaflet. The University Archaeological Society (Spelived in comparative amorphousness.

cial Publications, No. 3). Discount price to U.A.S. members, $15.00; This has been noticed by foreign price $20.00. to nonmembers,

travelers, even those who came with

ORDER FROM, or send U.A.S. membership fee ($3.00 per year) to: much readiness to admire the hardThe University Archaeological Society, c/o Department of Archaeology, won institutions of American selfBrigham Young University, Provo, Utah. (Benefits of Society membergovernment.

ship include subscription to the U.A.S. Neivsletter, issued approximately

every six weeks, and the popular journal The Biblical Archaeologist, Joseph Smith is the first, inspired, issued four times a year.)

112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA selftaught community builder, full shapelessness of unskilled design, gifts of Joseph Smith and Brigham of a tireless glowing enthusiasm to only here and there mitigated by Young, who, in fact, stand lonely in create a human social setting. Morthoughtless importation. the farflung American scene, where

mon communities, one after the I have again and again admired no native, noncolonial, nonim- other, rose from the wilderness with Brigham Young's almost miraculous ported community expression has a loving understanding of site and continuation of this tradition after ever been found again.

with an empathy in what makes hu- a revival from disaster, but a vision Today the convincing Mormon misman beings feel warm, protected, has always made me imagine one sionarism by the young and a most mutually stimulated to goodness and thing with all its fantastic conseimpressive Mormon educational efto truly human productivity. quences: fort go on to represent the best of a

Articulated, by deep psychological What I tried to visualize for mysocial conscienceimbued commuinsight, in face to face wards and in self was what would have happened nity life that America has been able stakes, with a temple in the nucleus with this rich, but in so many parts to produce. Perhaps this is slated

of this entity designed for commugrimly neglected country of ours, if to have a decisive role in a world of nal cohesion, these unprecedented, Joseph Smith had not been murmass transactions where indifferent planned American townships grew dered in a dastardly way, but his planlessness and fitful, fast superup in record time, hardly compaapostles had won for him the Ameriseded imports, old and new, will not rable with anything that had hapcan vote for the presidency. What readily match the ideology of powpened elsewhere, and physical and could have one single, inspired, enerful mass regimentation elsewhere

social creation prospered to cut lightened administration, more than on this globe.

across American machine politics, a hundred years ago, brought into Penetration must be prophetic, perhaps somewhat like Adriano existence for all of us who look for intuitive, but also systematically

Olivetti's Communita. No wonder the American example? skilled to realize what is a sponthere was enmity, hatred, and envy. Not even George Washington, altaneously acceptable community,

One cannot think of any greater though he used L'Enfant for a pitiwhat is its ordered beauty without challenging contrast than that befully brief nine months, to leave some antiorganic rigidity, what is inspired tween the Mormon foundations and impression of planning in this counhumanism in a neighborhood, a what surrounded them in the maketry, compares with the indigenous, ward, a campus of a college, or an shift disorder of pioneering days, the originally creative community design entire township.

2. Teen Dating and

Marriage

Mark E. Petersen

Elder Petersen speaks straightfrom-theshoulder to parents on their responsibility to teenagers. All leaders of

youth should read this popuar discourse, given in 1959

October General Conference.

1.00

New and Revised Edition 3. The Naked

Communist

W. Cleon Skousen

A new and revised edition, including an additional chapter discussing the significance of

Nikita Khrushchev's visit to the United States in September.

4.95

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order

( ) I have an account. Please charge for (encircled) numbered books:

DeseretStBooh Co. Name... 1 2 3

-ii***t South c,Temple\l*\WW --lWV.WfWY'TSail Lake,1'l| JCity.l - Utah..-- Address

City Zone State Residents of Utah include 2V2% sales tax.

FEBRUARY I960 113 What you should know about Your Handbook

ME.CHIZEDEK

PR ESTHOOD

What better thing could all Melchizedek Priesthood reactivation, for instance, which now confront quoleaders do, to begin the 1960 priesthood program, than rum presidencies.

to read and gain a working knowledge of the new Most basic questions on the gospel would never edition of the Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook? be asked, if the inquirer had first read and studied the

This handbook, now available for use by all who scriptures. The answers are there.

are responsible for the conduct and administration of Similarly, most items of policy and procedure in

Melchizedek Priesthood quorums, contains many sugthe priesthood programs would be crystal clear if gestions pertaining to the great program of priestthose dealing with them had a working knowledge hood reactivation which has been gaining momentum of the handbook. The answers are there.

throughout the Church, particularly during the past Someone has said—partly in jest, but with serious

four years. undertone—When all else fails, follow the manual! A

Now is the time for all members of stake presiworkman must know his tools. Brethren concerned

dencies, all members of the high council, all members with the problems of Melchizedek Priesthood leaderof bishoprics, all Melchizedek Priesthood quorum ship should—Read the handbook!

presidencies, and all quorum group leaders to read In getting a working knowledge of the Melchizedek completely and learn the provisions of this new edition Priesthood Handbook, it is suggested that particular of the Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook. note be given to the following:

Why have handbooks? What is their purpose? Ob- 1. Policies and Procedures Governing Priesthood

viously they are needed to present the instructions Reactivation.

governing whatever programs of the Church are inWhat are the four major objectives of the program volved. In them are found the policies and procedures of priesthood reactivation? How should priesthood

governing these programs. Their use assures unipresidencies use the data collected on the white cards

formity and progression throughout the Church. to further the Church service and activity of their

Why this Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook in members? What part do the annual confidential

particular? It is an authoritative document in which interviews play in this program?

the policies and procedures governing Melchizedek Are we using the cottage meeting program for inPriesthood quorums and their programs are found. active brethren and their families? Do we have reguAnd it is geared to the present needs of these quorums, lar refresher schools on week nights for Melchizedek

to the situations which now exist, to the problems of Priesthood brethren and their wives?

114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Weekly Council Meeting—an

ideal time to study the new priesthood manual.

Sixth quorum of Elders, University Stake, Left to right: President James Bean,

Charles Pitt, Mel Bedford, Haven Bergeson.

Do we know the part the bishop should play in sponsor, encourage, or permit the publication or use getting a Church assignment for every priesthood of little booklets setting forth instructions about bearer? Do we know the part the Church service ordinances and giving forms of suggested prayers.

committee should play? Are we using our quorum 5. Other General Items.

committees and various quorum projects as a means Who should serve on the stake Melchizedek Priestof increasing the Church service of our brethren? hood committee? What are the duties of committee

Instructions governing all these things are found members? Are holders of the Melchizedek Priesthood

in the handbook. always expected to attend the bishop's weekly ward

2. What to Do in Stake Priesthood Leadership priesthood meeting?

Meetings. What are the prerequisites for ordination to offices

Stake presidencies and members of their Melin the higher priesthood? The procedures? What

chizedek Priesthood committees will find pages of special regulations govern the ordination of seventies?

suggested items to take up in the regular stake priestOf brethren in the armed services?

hood leadership meetings. Explanations are, of course, How many of the presidents of a seventies quorum

found relative to the holding of both the presidencyshould be serving on stake or foreign missions at all type and the committeetype sessions. times?

3. Special Training Program for Priesthood Leaders. What are the items that should be assigned to each

Also, stake leaders will find suggestions relative to of the three standing committees? What is the relathe training and indoctrinating of new quorum presitionship of these committees to the quorum presidencies. Often in the past too little emphasis has dency? In the genealogical and templeordinance

been put on the importance of accepting priesthood field, what should quorums be doing?

responsibilities with the clear understanding that the How about quorum funds? Properties? Titles to real

work is of major importance and will be carried forproperty; audits of accounts? Record keeping? And

ward with all the strength and capacity of the breth- a host of other things?

ren concerned. To carry on an intensive, effective, successful priest-

4. Instructions Relative to Ordinance Work. hood program it is absolutely essential to have a

Priesthood presidencies are to instruct their brethworking knowledge of the handbook. And to follow

ren in how to perform ordinances. Set forms of it!

prayers are not to be used. Quorums are not to One final word: Read the handbook!

FEBRUARY Iflfifl US FORTIFY THE HOME AGAINST OBSCENITY

Ward Teaching Supplement "Who,"the Psalmist asked himself centuries ago, particularly at the teenagers, who are experiencing "shall ascend into the hill of the Lord? or who shall adult drives and emotions.

stand in his holy place?"His answer was concise, What can we, as Church members, and particularly

forthright, and inevitable: "He that hath clean hands, as parents, do to keep our homes free from this unand a pure heart;..."(Psalms 24:3-4.) desirable influence: The following suggestions may

Cleanliness, purity, virtue—these attributes lead to prove helpful:

eternal life. Their opposites—uncleanliness, impurity, 1) Stress the importance of personal purity. There

and vice—are the cause (and at the same time the is no defense against pornography quite so effective

result) of moral decay and spiritual destruction. as a personal conviction of its innate wrongness.

In that great council held before this world was, 2) Pray as a family and in secret. Sin and prayer,

Lucifer attempted to gain dominion over the spirits like oil and water, do not mix.

of men. He failed in this scheme and was, with a 3) Make sure your children have proper companmultitude of followers, cast out of the heavens. Having ions and good, wholesome activities.

thus been thwarted in his attempt to make human 4) Make available good reading materials for all souls subject to him collectively, he is now making a members of the family. It is indeed a sad commentary

concentrated effort to gain power over them indiupon parenthood when children get involved with vidually. Persistent and shrewd, he seems to be conobscene literature merely because they have nothing

tinually employing new tricks to bring to pass his better to read.

ends. His methods are increasingly subtle, sophisti- 5) Set a good example, in word and deed, of clean,

cated, and deadly. spiritual living.

He realizes that sin does not just happen, but begins 6) Keep a careful eye on what family members are with an evil idea or thought. Knowing this he makes reading and doing. This is not "spying"but merely a

the mind of man—where such thoughts are born and sensible precaution in line with parental responsibility.

mature—his primary target. One of the chief tools he 7) Pass on any obscene literature discovered, in

now uses in this assault is obscene literature. the mails or otherwise, to proper authorities and coPornography is big business. Out of some of our operate with them in any way possible.

large cities monthly pour hundreds of thousands of dollars "worth"of printed and photographed depravity. Contact with these materials can in no sense be

It descends like a plague on mailboxes, schools, and recommended: they add neither depth nor 'maturity

back alleys in all parts of this land. There is no to personality or character, but are simply and wholly

evidence that our LDS communities are excepted destructive of that which is finest in a human being.

from this rain of filth. The pure in heart are indeed blessed, and it is against

An unfortunate tendency exists in regard to this such a blessed state that the adversary and his agents problem, as with so many others—a tendency to regard are struggling through the use of these materials.

it as serious, to be sure, but "someone else's probThey attack the mind and the emotions, knowing full lem... one which will never affect me personally or well that in these lie the basis and the beginning of

my family."every evil word and act of the human family since

This is a serious delusion, for the smut merchants history's beginning. It is the responsibility of each

consider us all potential customers... and are aiming of us to see that they are not successful.

116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Work with Senior Members of Aaronic

Priesthood Demands Special Skills and Abilities

One of the finest things about the Church is the themselves to the realization of its ends. Not everyone

presence therein of an abundance of opportunities can be a successful general secretary or a group to work and grow. The Church has many members; adviser.

it also has many positions. Matching members and With the right man in the right job, all prosper.

positions—getting the square pegs in square holes The bishop knows that this very important assignand the round pegs in round ones, as the vernacular ment is in good hands. The worker gets development

would have it—is a continual challenge at every level and experience, some of which he could not duplicate

of Church leadership. in any other Church assignment. He may also earn

Some positions demand special gifts and characterthe gratitude of several reactivated members, who istics. An example is the program for Senior Members get nothing less than a new lease on eternal life.

of the Aaronic Priesthood. Workers here deal with Advisers have an assignment that is sometimes

the souls of men, and success has a direct bearing difficult but often deeply rewarding. They should

upon salvation. This presents a real challenge, destrive to develop the abovelisted attributes as should

manding enthusiasm, devotion, and insight in abunall who work with Senior Members of the Aaronic dance. There is no skill, desirable attribute, nor ability Priesthood and their wives. School directors for

that cannot in some way be put to use in this program. Senior Members should be men of vision and organPatience, tact, spirituality, zest, persistence, friendliizational ability. Instructors in such schools must have

ness, imagination, knowledge—all can be employed in the ability to communicate and a fluency with the

bringing to pass the eternal life of our brothers. gospel.

Bishops, leaders on other levels, should look for In those wards where workers are selected with these qualities in those whom they call to work with extreme care and where both the workers and the senior members. Those called should get a vision of ward leaders catch the vision of the program, exthe scope and purpose of the program and dedicate tremely gratifying results are being obtained.

Pocatello Brothers Have Exceptional Record Three brothers of the Pocatello Eighteenth Ward,

West Pocatello (Idaho) Stake, have compiled outstanding attendance records as Aaronic Priesthood im bearers.They are Elroy, Boyd, and Loyd Cook, sons of

Brother and Sister Delbert Cook.

Elroy has had perfect attendance at priesthood and

Sacrament meetings for six years, and is well along the way towards No. 7. Twins Boyd and Loyd each

have five years of perfect attendance to their credit.

Boyd, Elroy, and Loyd Cook All three of the young men hold the office of priest.

FEBRUARY 1960 117 ))ll""lll |)PI*"""KH|H Today's Family Florence B. Pinnock. Editor

It's love and love pinning, she casually says, "Let's give a luncheon, alone this old world needs. There would be no wars you know a girlygirl party. Wouldn't Valentine's

and the billions of dollars now being spent in armaDay be perfect for it? Golly, mother, you've lost

ments could be used to eliminate poverty, famine, and weight, you look wonderful."Or maybe that big

ignorance if love were really in everyone's heart. high school senior puts his arm around your shoulder

February is just the month to remind us of this. and says, "The crowd wants to come over after the

Right in the middle of February is Valentine's, a Valentine dance; how about some fancy food? Gee,

day set aside to say, "I love you."All around this day you're a pretty mother."You just can't say you're

are the birthdays of great men who are loved because tired—you really aren't now after the warmth of his

of their choice lives. February is truly a month to arm and smile so you trot right out into the kitchen

remember. Celebrate every day in the month by and start cooking.

thoughtfully remembering these great men and all Let's talk for a minute about a few February favorthose you love. ites you can make to surprise those you love. And

This month is bound with tradition, and tradition we'll also plan a fancy luncheon and some party can bind families closer together. Look back on dishes for this love of a month.

your childhood. What do you remember of February? Here are the recipes for two special desserts.

Do you recall spending hours at school cutting out little hatchets and drawing cherry trees and log cabins?

Then bringing them home proudly for your mother Heart Meringues to hang on the kitchen wall? Do you remember ward 4 egg whites

reunions held on Washington's birthday and how 1 cup sugar you couldn't wait until you were twelve years old so Vz teaspoon vanilla you would be old enough to join the big folk? On drop of pink coloring

that day everyone would dress in his best and sit at long tables decorated in red, white, and blue and eat Beat egg whites until very stiff but not dry. Beat

stacks of food that tasted better than anything you in the sugar very slowly, one tablespoon at a time.

had ever eaten before, or since for that matter. After Fold in the vanilla and coloring. Form into heart

dinner everyone would go into the chapel for a speshape cups with a pastry bag on a cookie sheet. Leave

cial program while the tables were taken down for plenty of room between hearts because they will dancing in the recreation hall. And dance everyone spread. Put into a 400 F. oven, turn off the heat

did—fathers, mothers, big and little folk all joined and leave there for three hours without opening the

together. Or maybe your choice memory is for that oven door. Serve filled with pink peppermint ice

special day Valentine, with its lacy and sometimes cream.

funny valentines for knocking on doors and with hearts beating fast running to hide, or for something special ** your mother always had for dinner that night. I know

one mother who always had a big red satin heart Pineapple Pie for Special People box full of fluffy divinity as the centerpiece. Every Bring to a boil IVi cups crushed pineapple (do not

year that very same heart box would come out of drain). Add 1 package lemon flavored gelatine.

hiding. Stir until dissolved. Mix in % cup sugar. Chill until

Have you, as a mother, ever been extra hurried almost stiff. Whip until stiff 1 cup chilled evaporated

on this day and had a little fellow pulling at your milk with 1 tablespoon lemon juice. Pour the whipped

apron and saying, "You are the best mother in the gelatine mixture over the whipped milk. Fold to

whole world. Please make big heart desserts."How blend. Pour into a baked pie shell. Chill at least

can you turn him down; he's so dear, and the day one hour before serving.

needs something special, and heart meringue shells A luncheon for the girls, whether the girls are 16 or aren't too difficult to make. Or perhaps your daugh60, is a gala occasion. Calories are forgotten and

ter says, "Let me help you put up the hem on your food is enjoyed. Here is a suggestion for a Valentine

new dress."And while she is on the floor carefully luncheon.

FEBRUARY 1960 119 T BE DEAF! 5A VE THIS AD! Valentine Luncheon Spiced Mints (Crab and Shrimp) Salad Casserole Mix 1 cup sugar and Yz teaspoon

If you act promptly, you are cinnamon. Add Yz cup milk. Cook

entitled to an exciting FREE (See Era January 1959 for recipe.) to soft ball. Add Yz teaspoon vanilla.

to proves that hear book how slightly. nuts and 2 cups Beat Add or muffins Blueberry ears, clearly again both with until are continue nuts beating biscuits Luncheon (Mushroom)

is tell talkcan so you who a coated candy. sugary Sepwith

ing; where sounds come (See Era January 1960 for recipe.) arate and cool.

from. And now for the

Simple words and pictures Carrot curls Celery sticks Pickles describe an amazing Beltone Relish Cherry jam with walnuts "Teen afterihe-Dance Food"advance created for hard of Butter mints Spiced mints hearing folks who won't Food for the Gods Hamburger supper wear an aid for fear of being or conspicuous. This delicious dessert, food for the Salad Burgers (Recipe in Era

For your 2nd chance at gods, is made from a recipe first disJanuary 1959.)

happiness in family, social, covered as one of the winners in a Relishes Spiced Apple Juice business life, write for valuDeseret News recipe contest ten Cookie Tray Toffee Cookies able book sent in plain wrapyears ago. It is simple to make the Chocolate Chip meringues

per. Dept. 4-046, Beltone day before the party and fun to serve

Hearing Laboratory, 2900 W. right at the table.

36th St., Chicago. Hamburger Supper

Food for the Gods Brown Yz cup chopped onion and in 2 tablespoons beef 1 lb. ground "T HOMEIMPORT 8 egg whites whipped stiff. Add butter. tablespoons prepared Add 2

BUSINESS! 2 cups sifted granulated sugar gradumustard and 1 can chicken gumbo

vanilla teaspoons in P/2 Fold—you ally. Women. Men show extra liquid We Heat. soup. Remove

bigprofit items import to how in vinegar. Bake teaspoon and 1 buns. hot on and serve foreign prices at amazing low

at (examples office. your Getleft).listYourof 157homeImis two greased 9 inch layer cake pans

yports FREE! Full or spare time (preferably those with looseners

Order. business by Mail Or take

stores. orders Imthat can release the meringues from Toffee Cookies from volume

clothing, jewelry, port hardware, goods, etc. NOsportingEXPEthe pan,) at 350 F. for 1 hour and (Makes about 125 cookies) before thoroughly Cool IN minutes. RIENCE 15 PRODINVESTMENT OR 2*4 sugar cups brown obligation NEEDED. Without UCTS pint one pan. of out turning Whip details for today ocks complete lb. 1 butter or margarine S5c send

imports FREE! 157 of Air and small can one of add and cream Germany—vanilla tablespoons 3 night. us listreaches over mail The

value $5 one pineapple and crushed Co., Mellinger drained Westwood, 1717 flour unsifted 4 cups in U.S.A. Calif. C165Z, Los Angeles Dept, 24, cherries of bottle maraschino small oz. packages 6 semisweet choco- 2

cut up and drained. Spread filling late pieces

between the meringue layers and 2 cups chopped walnuts on top and sides. Set in refrigerator

for before serving. Makes hours 12 butter, together thoroughly Cream FIL servings. 12 10 to vanilla. sugar, mix and Add flour, DEVELOPED & PRINTED

well. Stir in chocolate and walnuts.

into Press mixture 15 x 10 in. two

350 a"s M'V JUMBOs Butter Mints jellyroll at pans. F. Bake..Mi PoT'fcE3l 35 < Toi,rl|RiP 1 cup hot water until brown. Cut while hot into xk pound butter squares. Cool before taking from

Printed Copied and OLD PHOTOS pan. cups sugar 3

for each GENEALOGY—60< teaspoons white Karo syrup 2 Guarantee! Moneyback

Essence of peppermint Chocolate Chip Meringue SAM'S PHOTO LAB

Lake City, UtIP. O. Box 1115, Dept. AA, Salt doz. cookies) (Makes 3

Stir butter, sugar, and hot water until dissolved, put on lid and cook 3 egg whites for 3 minutes slowly. Remove lid 1 cup sugar

and cook until it threads or to 250 F. 1 6 oz. pkg. chocolate chips

QUICKLY FOLD Pour out on buttered slab. Cool Yi teaspoon salt

OR UNFOLD! slightly. Add a few drops of pepper- Y\ teaspoon cream of tartar

Foldina.. /?Js*538*1 MaximumMinimum StorageSeating mintand holdsand pullits shape.until itStretchis veryoutwhiteand Essence of peppermint Tables

PERFECTIONEEREDBetter appearance, piecescut. Thisof candy.recipe Halfmakesof aboutthe candy100 addBeatsalt,eggcreamwhites,of tartar,add sugarand slowly,flavordurability and strength. while being stretched can be colored ing. Fold in chocolate chips. Drop

Finest construction, if desired. cookie teaspoons on sheet. Bake Store in covered tin box by workmanship, tUtcheU

top of Choice manyfinish. at 275 soften. to F. for about 25 minutes. colors. materials and *o2\

*++. Write for Folder

MITCHELL MANUFACTURING CO.

2748 S. 34th St., Milwaukee 46, Wis., Dept. A-10

120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wins Gold Ribbon at State Fair for

Dorothy Ann's Dinner Rolls "I'm sure you'll like my recipe,"says Mrs. William Alley

of Pueblo, who won the new Gold Ribbon for yeast baking at

Colorado's State Fair. "Just be sure to use Fleischmann's

Yeast—the kind prizewinning cooks

prefer. It's so fresh and fast rising

my yeast baking turns out perfect. I

"Get Fleischmann's Active Dry!

Yeast and try my recipe soon. It's

the same one that won me the Gold

Ribbon and fiftydollar premium."

/ Dorothy Ann's Dinner Rolls / 2 cups milk 1 package Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast 2 tablespoons sugar 14 cup warm (not hot) water 2 teaspoons salt 6 l/2 cups sifted flour 2 tablespoons shortening (Makes 3 dozen Rolls)

Scald milk. Stir in sugar, salt, shortening. or butter. Fold larger side over smaller so

Cool to lukewarm. Dissolve yeast in water. edges meet. Place close together on greased

Stir in milk mixture. Add half the flour. Beat pan. Cover. Let rise until doubled, about 30

well. Add remaining flour. Mix well. Knead minutes. Bake at 400F. 2030 minutes.

floured lightly times, 6 300 min. on about (Note: not let dough get too light Do bowl. Cover. Let Place board. in greased

first the punchdown.)

rise in before until in doubled (85F.) place warm

bulk, about 50 min. Punch down. Let rise

again until doubled, about 30 min. Punch

ball. rest Let on bread

thick. 14inch out ON BEING A LADY down.board 10Shapemin. intoRoll Cut

From the Fellow's Point of View intoCreaseroundseach roundwith 2Viinchoff center cookywith backcutter.of

knife. Brush lightly with melted margarine

A visit with a group of high school \ I

ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS INC,fellows, certainly and they hung to- y V the following outgether, brought interesting and, yes, very enlightening observations. They said: By and large girls are terrific but—For Your Cool Weather Ward Parties!

Why don't they give a fellow a chance to prove he is a gentleman—

that he has good manners? Girls

never let us open doors—cars or

otherwise. Out go their hands and

open come the doors. In restaurants

chairs, pullthey out their own coats, their orders giveoff their and yank CHILI CON CARNE in Bulk!

to the waitress. All this we'd like

to do. Free Delivery Anywhere... Call DAvh 2-1291

Why do they expect everything they wear to be exclaimed over time again, but never timeand compliAfter those cool weather parties; hayrides, sleigh rides, suit or tie?ments us on a new

Why do they talk and laugh so and skating, nothing tastes as good as loud just to attract attention when Lynn Wilson's Chili Con Carne.

they are really not impressing anyone? if Just add water and heat

Why do they giggle behind your back? it Serves approximately 16 people

Why are they always late? They

late. promptly hour anappear rm$j$$* Wife* so gooey they wear much Why do

CHILI CON CARNE times they are much up? Mostmake ig justprettier of the out swimming

pool than on the dance floor.

Why do they chew gum while dancing? "II

Why do they giggle and whisper with the other girl on a double ii Hi

Also Bulk Salads for Parties

FEBRUARY I960 121 DISTINCTIVE BINDINGS date and talk about things together that we boys know nothing or care

For a Permanent Reference of the Improvement Era nothing about?

Why do they make a career of acting older than they really are?

tell us what time -L or 12 issues in handWhy do they they are to get in on the way home some covers only $3. All when it's too late, rather than at

orders should be accomthe beginning of the date?

talk in so church? they do Why

panied with 12 Improvetalk us to about the they do Why ment Eras and payment in others they date?

advance, plus postage for In spite of their faults we'd rather date girls than anything else we return mail. know of.

A group of fellows in a seminary class compiled the following rules

The West's Finest for dates with happy endings:

1. Plan your activities to be group

Printers and Binders activities.

2. Plan vigorous activities. Keep

busy all the time. Don't sit and do

nothing. Deseret 3. Plan twice too many activities

to keep the evening full. Have your

date help plan the fun and what News to do. Be sure not to go on unplanned dates where you might not

have anything to do but neck.

4. Remain in places or with peo33 RICHARDS ST. Press

EM 4-2581 ple where you are known and

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH familiar; then you won't forget your

ideals and standards.

5. Set a reasonable hour to get in,

and stick to it.

6. Absolutely avoid the use of

alcohol and narcotics. They reduce

Is the Cl)Urcl)%WS reason,7. Girls,judgment,it is upandto youwill topower.set the

standard of the date. Don't let

things get out of hand. Don't lead

the boys on. A girl is much more in vour home? popular for what she withholds than y for what she allows.

Every week: the Deseret News

"Church News"Section brings Kayaks Down the Nile

Latterday Saints together.

(Continued from page 90) It is an official organ of the Church and contains reports, instruction and small, the Dead Sea, Lake and news that should be in every Tanganyika, Nyasa, and that which us, Albert. Lake was now before L.D.S. home. It costs so little. Mail lake's chief Butiaba, the Sunbaked

this coupon now for information. port, stands on a sandy hook that

embraces an excellent harbor. The

port officer allowed us to establish headquarters aboard the Lugard I, "CHURCH NEWS"another moldering relic of the last 143 South Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah century, the first steamer ever put

Please send me subscription information on the in service on the lake. During our

"Church News."stay at Butiaba I went on an enjoyName able fishing trip with three British

visitors from Kenya, and shared in

Address the thrill of landing some of the

City State

122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FOR WAIT TO SUMMER NO NEED MIL MORNING at its to enjoy time chicken prepare barbeque yon bow to Nile perch forenormous which the shows best. in your home own a festivelake is worldfamous. Specimens for family or guests tonight—Do—it

weighing over three hundred pounds a festive Chicken CookIn! Get out

have been caught, but the best we that gingham table cloth, those could do was two fifty pounders. paper plates and plastic spoons and

After several days exploring the works, and even light a candle two. So orshores of finally Lake Albert we

easy, too and much—withfun to prepare,secured transportation a aboard Milk's Morning

small launch with a British hydronew recipe graphical engineer, who was glad leaflet.

of company on an observation trip to

Murchison Falls on the Nile, thirtyfive miles above the lake. Bound

upstream for a change, we chugged mile after mile past herds of hippo lolling in the shallows. Sand bars,

dark with the bodies of dozing crocodiles, came alive when the ugly monsters, alarmed by our approach, splashed into the water and swam toward us in a hissing, slithering mass. We were passing through

one of the most prolific wildlife refuges of the world, and we marveled at the numbers and variety of

African creatures in the water and along the banks. I counted 146

hippo in one herd, and on one stretch of sand some twentythree Six scrumptious chicken recipes, some you crocs, not one under eight feet in haven't tried, and a new, easy recipe for fried

Milk's gravy. cream and Morninglength. banks with Both swarmed

recipes available now CHICKEN COOKINelephants, buck, impala, water and FREE! chicken display. at your grocer's Milk on his Morning

baboons. A pair of wary Cape

buffalo, one of the most dangerous alive, startledbig game animals by Daily Air left their engine,our huffing waterGLEN ing buffalo loped and off. The CANYONAfrica's vindictive deadly most and is Service PAGE

animal. Wounded, buffalos have

been known to run and hide, waiting with fiendish patience until thesearching hunter came close, whereFLAGSTAFF, KANAB upon they would "drygulch"him.

Sometimes not even a heart or brain RENO shot can bring them down before they vent their revenge, trampling their victims with hooves as big as flat irons and as sharp as axes, until there is nothing left but an amorphous mass of "pudding."They do

have an even disposition however—

always mad!

From a landing below the falls,

I pushed off alone in my kayak and paddled farther upstream against a LOS ANGELES/INT'L powerful current flecked with bub- j bly gobs of foam. When I could no

longer make headway, I hauled out OCEANS IDE.

and climbed a steep, wooded cliff, SAN DIEGO* emerging directly above the falls.

There before me, framed by rugged cliffs of schist, surged one of the Write for Bonanza's greatest natural wonders of the color folders on a variety world, the fabulous Murchison Falls, of Package Tours to the the Nile's only waterfall. Above the fun spots of the West

PO. Box 391,

Las Vegas, Nevada FLY Bonanza Air Lines

Serving 27 resort cities in the West

FEBRUARY I960 123..

falls the Nile is churned to a froth kayak been another twentyfive suction pump, and schnorkel, capover a series of rockstudded rapids, yards farther away, I would never able of plucking a blade of grass or then the seething tide goes swoophave reached it alive. I would have of tossing around a tonheavy tree.

ing down through a chasm at one been tossed and trampled by the Game controlers shoot over 1,000 point only eighteen feet wide, a disenraged animal, who then would each year to keep Uganda's 20,000 tance I had broadjumped in colhave considerately provided me with head from increasing too rapidly.

lege. Through this cleft the river a pachydermic burial of leaves and Shortly after our arrival at Pakdrops 130 feet in six giant steps, twigs, as is the instinctive and parawach we engaged the services and

falling at the tremendous rate of doxical etiquette of elephants after mtumbi of two husky Madi boatfive hundred tons of water every they have killed an enemy. Though men to accompany us as far as

second, with an ominous booming an elephant is the largest of all livNimule, 125 miles distant on the that throbs through air and earth. It ing animals, there is nothing vicious Sudanese frontier. After a good

is the most dramatic natural spectaor predatory in his nature. He is night's rest we purchased supplies

cle on the Nile. peaceloving and well dispositioned of rice, eggs, bananas, and chickens

As I paddled back to the launch when unmolested, and completely at a native market, then set off down through the shadowy twilight, a vegetarian, subsisting on a wide river, Jean and I in the kayaks and troop of baboons barked at me from variety of plant life from marsh Andre, stripped to the waist, the left bank, monkeys chattered grass to tree roots. He feeds himself paddling in the dugout with Okelo

and screamed at me from the right, with his long muscular trunk, one and Oliyo.

elephants trumpeted, crocs hissed, of nature's most ingenious creations, We made good progress on the and hippos grunted. It was quite a a combination hand, arm, trumpet, unusually calm water until midafter-

delicious thrill!

Back at Lake Albert, Mr. Winny,

the engineer, detoured to drop us off on the eastern shore. By great

good luck, we caught sight of the.Albert Nile steamer Lugard 11, The Meaning ofHonor

northward bound from Butiaba. I

paddled out, flagged the ship and persuaded the captain to carry Richard L. Evans

Andre, his wrecked boat, and most of our equipment as far as Pakwach, We recall a comment accredited to Thomas Carlyle:

thirtyfive miles down the Nile. "Conviction is worthless unless it is converted into

The next dawn found Jean and THE conduct."1 With this in mind we turn for a mome well along our way down the SPOKEN ment or two to the meaning of honor, without which

Albert Nile, not fully explored until WORD there isn't much that is of worth in the world. We

1876, bucking stiff headwinds. We are not speaking of titles given, or positions held, or of honors

paused several times during the day conferred, but of the honor that is inseparably a part of a person to visit native villages on the western inside himself. Honor, honorable, honesty: these are associated

banks and to photograph elephant with some other solid and wonderful words: trust, integrity, and

on the uninhabited eastern bank. A truth; courage, character, conscience, and high conduct; dignity,

few miles from Pakwach I came upon respect, and respectability; keeping credit, and paying debits when

a huge tusker browsing alone on a due; purity, chastity, virtue; sincerity, decency, faithfulness; freehill overlooking the Nile, and decided dom from fraud, freedom from guile, freedom from duplicity and

to photograph him while waiting for deception. These solid words are all associated with honor, honJean, who had fallen behind. As I orable, honesty. And unless, as Carlyle said, they are converted into

stealthily crept toward him, intent conduct, a man is not safe in his person or in his property, in anyon getting a good closeup, I evithing he buys or sells, in any contract or commitment, or in any dently outraged his sense of privacy, trust or treaty. Honor is more than mere legality; it is more than

for he suddenly wheeled towards the letter of the law; it is more than position, more than reputation,

me, his trunk lashing the air, enormore than some kinds of success or public acceptance. It is not a

mous ears flapping angrily. With matter of what is known or not known, or what one can get away

this ample warning I rushed for my with, or what is popular, or profitable, or politic. It is freedom

kayak just as he charged, and from deceit, from evil thinking, from evil intent; freedom from

wrenched the boat safely into the fraud. It is what makes it possible for a person to rely on what

river, a scant few seconds before he he reads or sees or hears. It is what makes it possible for a person

came thundering along to the water's to rely on a label. It is what makes a woman, or a girl, or an

edge. innocent child safe. It is not promises, but performance. It is

A mature elephant will weigh up simply a matter of whether something is or isn't so. It is character

to six tons and stand fully eleven and "conviction,"as Carlyle said, "converted into conduct"1—withfeet in height. Yet, despite its out which there is little of worth in the world.

ponderous size, an elephant can travel unbelievably fast, up to thirty "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the miles an hour, when running at full Columbia Broadcasting System, December 13, 1959. Copyright 1959.

speed, as well I found out! Had my Accredited to Thomas Carlyle. Original source unknown.

124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

get INSURED am noon, when a furious northerly gale swept down upon us with a wind Highest FederalAn agencyGovernmentof the of almost hurricane intensity and a w |UL torrential downpour of rain. Within minutes the sky darkened with %m

ominous black clouds, heavy with Interest Insured Safety thunder and flashing lightning. The?w

churning river swept us right into your savings received by the 10th earn from the first the papyri where we tossed helplessly under the onslaught of the enormous waves sweeping upstream against us. We rode the storm out for nearly SAVINGS

an hour, fighting all the while to keep our dancing prows headed into and the pounding billows. Several times we nearly swamped as waves crested LOAN ASSOCIATION

over us. Finally the storm subsided formerly Zicns Benefit Building Society

leaving us soaked and exhausted, 33 EAST 1st SOUTH -SALT LAKE OITY free to land but camp and make at -3-9G3 SOUTH STATEMURRAY first Little ground. the of high piece

did we dream at the time that there Lltan e Oldest Savings and Loan Association would come a day when we would have welcomed with all our hearts just such a tempest with its chilling wind and rain. It was typical of

Africa though—the last drop of rain

to fall on us for nearly seven months came on the wings of a savage cloudburst that all but drowned us!

( To be continued Free parking for hotel and dining guests in our new 375car parking terrace. Add comfort and convenience

IN SHINING ARMOR to your stay in Salt Lake City.

THE PLACE TO EAT - THE PLACE TO STAY by Sara Hubbell Henry

The poet weaves his soul into his HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE art COFFEE SHOP DINING ROOMS BANQUET ROOMS

And clothes his thoughts in living words that sing Across the years. He keeps us young

in heart t "BANQUETMASTER"LIGHT WEIGHT THE NEW fills us with a warmth akin toAnd FOLDING TABLE BANQUET spring. BUSINESS I Designed for today's beautiful

We drift with him to realms of gay CafesChurches PrivateSchools Homes pretenseAnd climb the stairway to his ivied GIRLS tower.

There lulled by his poetic eloquence b-V

We find enchantment for one perfect ZOOM hour.

Made in the West by.... and compare Banyou buy, BISHOPS—BeforeL.D.S. workmen.The beauty and romance of olden ji—n of material for quality quetmasters and

design. Write of beauty days workmanship,

prices ZOOOOOOM through Your for descriptive with brochure andStill echo through the corridors of discounts.

Satisfaction Guaranteed sent for time day I Zoom has all the Sample tableAnd pageantries that set the world Write or telephone collectyourJA inspection.2-660!.

ablaze basic goodness of finest D. H. LOOSLI CO., INC.

Falls, IdahoHave been immortalized in song and whole hai-d wheat I Idaho rhyme.

We don our shining armor and take cooks Faster wing Binding your Eras?

To those fair days when chivalry was than QUICK., send a 4c stamp for

king. tastes Better 1959 index

The Era Improvement % than GOOD! 50 North Main Street

Salt Lake City 11, Utah FEBRUARY I960 125

The Toast of the Town"lnlaivs, get of the boat made with ( Continued from page 96

kitchen as well. Give the young wife TABLE QUEEN the privilege of making decisions,

bisthe burning mistakes, making—of course I and, feelings, over hurt cuits, crying

in general, the privilege of growing up. No young married woman is

content to be in another woman's house and be treated as a child or servant, even though the other woman be her own mother.

It would doubtless be easier for

Tastes b them to use the electric appliances better—of the parents, enjoy the spaciousness

has a smooth, even texture. of the larger rooms, etc.-, but charor selfesteem is not developed a loaf Try today—see how good acter by submaintained by dependence, can be. bread

mitting to decisions made by others

ROYAL BAKING COMPANY, SALT LAKE AND OGDEN without consultation, nor is the delicate technique of building a home acquired while eating meals prepared by others at a family table provided by others, or enjoying comforts without cost or obligation. The

young husband wants an opportunity to appraise his wife's ability as a cook and homemaker, and the wife is anxious to demonstrate and improve her ability.

The inlaw relationship can, by forethought and planning, coupled with selfcontrol, become more smoothly cooperative and conjunctive, but it takes thought and effort on the part of all. It is a relationship that should be anticipated and

prepared for with happy expectancy rather than approached with misgiving.

The bristling approach to any problem invites resistance and trouble. Sometimes when inlaws meet,

the young and old, their nerves seem to penetrate through their clothing and are supersensitive and supercharged, and they may be goaded by petty vexations until they strike out at real or imaginary enemies with a venom all out of proportion to the provocation. In such cases,

proximity should be cushioned with kindness and direct contact avoided until "the heat is off."

Let the inlaws, both young and old, relax, be normal, see in the enlarged family some new and wonderful people, and appreciate the

NOW AVAILABLE - WRITE FOR improvement of the stock by transWhen you think of TRAVEL PREE COMPLETE LISTING OF fusionto theirof newnew blood.relativesLet themas father,refer

Think of MURDOCK TRAVEL Mormon Tabernacle Choir Records mother, son, or daughter from the

Columbia Recordings Salt Lake City, Utah51 North State RECORD CENTRE t

South Main ZnifI j iTAVI DA 2-1129 Lake City, Utah *I 47Salt

126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

1\ itwedding day on, and seek comradeBURNED OUT ship and confidence. Do not be like REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY

the young husband and father who, when asked how he referred to his A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, motherin-law, said, "During the first with tremendous added expense before you find year I just said 'she'and after that I another.

called her 'grandma/ There are, of course, some Let us explain your need for ample insurance mothersin-law who are tactless, loto cover today's higher values.

quacious, and meddling and some fathersin-law who are taciturn, UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY of thesesurly, domineering; and we HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City they are though frequently veryhear

perhaps only one in a thousand. The

other nine hundred and ninetynine for granted. takewe there are also some Now -the Luxury But remember

bad sonsin-law and daughtersin- law who must be endured by longsuffering parents. A little honest BR0ADL00M

selfappraisal, followed by painstakyou long for..

ing reform might be beneficial to all. AT ABOUT Vi

will be parentin-law ideal an liilifc.. The PRICE THE neutral spectatorobjective when and of like millions StMilWQBa''.I'''beof opinion differences arethere Customers, Olson 'rTJfflBB '''KF

avc by can 't0'the and husband youngtween wife, fnm lettingou valuthe us use offering until before askedwill wait in material old your ''lHwSBpBPv--lrV'aFable suggestions or giving advice, will rugs, carpets, clothing.

to New ADD it We Guarantee juniors equals (though astreat choice Carpet Wools, BRIDAL GOWNS little imagination) and entail a send Yarns, and youmay FORMALS Finest or Rugs "The will to reformed, children as benot wallto-wall Carpeting DRESSES rewill let become,just be and ever them for so had you LINGERIE Little Money."mishis struggles and ownmember

takes and be patient.

rewill juniorin-laws ideal The OLSON'xr BK Live, Matter Where You No parloved that each by wasmember write for Free and Rug love theirents before young own in color Carpet Book was born. They must not desire or and Gift Coupon.

Both Sides of The Pile on love but to displace that addattempt is Reversible Rugs will, their even own. Theyto it by of imported HMSizgZiZfF wovenOlson new

the plus carpet wools, best of or sacrificeat some personal incon- y.'- expertly reclaimed wools material from South Main Salt Lake City'inlaws seniorvenience, make the customers, sent our to in by which add we

for carpet brilliance special rayon of colors and will praisefeel at home and wanted;

flax carpet for extra durability. rugged fine the them for complimentand latest colors, patterns, regardless Choice of 44

job they did in bringing up their of colors in your materials. Any size in a week,

own family, especially the one they upNewto Tweeds18 feet Earlywide,Americanseamless,Florals,anyLeallength. Ovals 120

have chosen for a life's companion. Solid Colors Oriental Designs Embossed Effects Rounds

Trial Offer. to Guarantee Please No We unof cheek and out tongue (Take

86th Back. Year. Our can MoneyRisk, send You

is if the an fingerscross above at materials exoryour our expense order when you pression of a wish instead of a fact. or AFTER your new rugs arrive. We lend our

Let all inlaws and members of carpetYour Home"yarns Free.in manyYou cities.can "SeeMonthlySamplePayments.Rugs in

families remember that tact, toler- |-—Mail Coupon or Postcard to Nearest Address——. 2cac4 'PatdiK

-Saving Olson j CoatPORTABLEand Hal Racksance, consideration, and kindness CD EC New Money are hallmarks of culture and that IV E E Catalog in color, Gift Coupon | being civil is evidence that one is I Your Name "

Towncivilized. state 72 coats Holds J

hats and Address families, extension the and When service small as a readily as into a unfolds marriage, families rack canof cart.Wheels through K-85, CO.,Dept. RUG jJOLSON 6'The 6"coats holding unit Veeplone

i 41 counter72 with CHICAGO 1 Scientifically a NEW hats. YORK Sets up SAN FRANCISCO torigidand 8 harmoniously along get tolearn

set it be can up of that the so sweep fold down in balancedliterally seconds 2 in... arms shall peace, gether, and have we umbrella. easily andas an as 'or storage seconds. 3 or

steel with tubular Built square of to inlaws calling forrather than closedend of shelves hat double cast by supported tubes RIGHT AWAY! It asto Plated EvenPLAY brackets. joywill off Don't You boat, they the get be Know Wheels in beauty. permanent of a Note Music throughordin-., Now finish. Qualityand construction aluminumaluminumsureengineering, fleet into thefully where doorways. welcomed ary yet it's i 'to equipment efficient Now EASY most 8'4'area x T-\L '"** t}h% meeting and dining ''for Thedeveloped learn instrument. any WtTi\\ all words, the blessed hear racks stores etc. may equipment, standby

exercises. boring No 720 people. for varies. "load"the wherever for %%\ rooms,... still."real playing Start"Peace be

Bulletin VP690 for Wrife in progress at home, right Amazing pieces away. by note

lesson. cents per 1,000,000 time. Few spare No teacher.

obligation. No Made VOGELPETERSON CO No students! BOOK. Write for FREE

salesman 1202, Port will Washington,call. U. S. SCHOOLNew York.OF MUSIC, Studio Only By 1127 W. 37th St., Chicago 9, III.

FEBRUARY I960 127 The Last Word

While I was driving a carload of women delegates to a convention recently, the subject of husbandwife arguments arose, and each woman told what happened when she and her husband had words. "My husband

doesn't give me a chance to argue,"I said. "Whenever we disagree he walks out of the house and starts

sawing or hammering or pouring concrete."

At this, one of my friends in the back seat spoke up.

"You must have had some dillies,"she said. "I've often

wondered how you managed to add a playroom, a bedroom, a patio, and a garage to your house in two years."

When the women's circle at a Milwaukee church deInnocence of life, consciousness of worth, and great cided to sponsor a worthwhile project, someone sugexpectations are the best foundations of courage.

gested that they help a family with two sick children who needed frequent blood transfusions. Promptly

eight women volunteered to donate blood—their TRAFFIC LIGHT: A trick to get pedestrians halfhusbands'. way across the street.

If you would not be forgotten as soon as you are dead, either write things worth reading, or do things worth writing.

—Benjamin Franklin

AUTO: Something your son can somehow manage PARKING SPACE: An area about seven feet wide

to drive into the garage on the last drop of gas. and fourteen feet long, on the other side of the street.

—Hudson Newsletter—Hudson Newsletter

The best thing to give to your enemy is forgiveness; Happy are the families where the government of

to an opponent, tolerance; to a friend, your heart; to parents is the reign of affection, and obedience of the

your child, a good example; to a father, deference; children is the submission of love.

to a mother, conduct that will make her proud of you; to yourself, respect; to all men, charity.

No matter how high a man rises, he needs something to look up to.

"Doctor, what do you find to be the principal complaint of children?"The successful conversationalist must be able to

"Parents, Madam."disagree without being disagreeable.

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA do most What anbuyin committees want?

"What considerations are foremost in selectOnly Baldwin offers your organist a full range ing a church organ?"This is the question which of traditional organ tone plus the unique addiBaldwin asked across the nation. Back came tional resources of tone made possible by modthe virtually unanimous reply—"TONE!"ern electronics!

Church committees want to know how the Listen to the Baldwin. You will agree, as

organ basically sounds and what variety of have more than 15,000 churches throughout sounds it can produce. the world, that the Baldwin Organ can most

A Baldwin in your church will provide the effectively meet your musical requirements.

sound you desire to enrich every moment of For more detailed information concerning the the service. Each basic organ tone family selection of a new organ for your church, you

Diapason, Flute, String and Reed—is repare invited to send in the coupon for Baldwin's

resented on the Baldwin by an extensive free informative book, complement of independentlyvoiced stops. "Questions and Answers."

THE BALDWIN PIANO COMPANY, Dept. J-9

CINCINNATI 2, OHIO Send me FREE BOOK "Questions and Answers"about Baldwin Organs.

NAME.

ADDRESSCITY.ZONE..STATE.

.

"I've found a great new way to pay my life insurance

.. premium

It's Beneficial Life's new CHECK-O-MATIC Plan.* Simplicity is

the word. All I did was authorize

my Beneficial agent to set up a Check-o-matic

Plan with my bank so that my insurance premiums are automatically deductedfrom my checking account. Now there's

nothing to remember—nothing to mail in!''

The Beneficial man in your area will be happy to make arrangements for you to enjoy this convenient monthly premium payment plan through your bank.

For more information, mail the coupon below, or consult the Beneficial man in your community.

*The Check-o-matic Plan applies to premiums of $10.00 or more per month.

Dept. E260

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Beneficial Building Salt Lake City 1, Utah Please send me more information about Beneficial Life's new BENEFICIAL IIEE

Check-o-matic Plan of premium payments.

Name Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

Street or RFD.

City.Zone..State.