MAY 1956

Temple of Quetzalcoatl at Teotihuacan, Mexico

ANNOUNCING a new kind of "hospitalization"insurance

GET MONEY NOW YOU CAN WITHOUT BEING A HOSPITAL BED PATIENT!

iiii New kind of protection pays cash for many medical pt.,> %*#*.,,f> services wherever they are given to you -at home,

in an outpatient clinic, or anywhere else!

Just twelve words will explain how this new Family Hospital would stop. And yet, because of the plus feature of coinsurPolicy, known as P6, is different from any ordinary hospitance, or "share the risk"principle, this protection, known as

alization plan. P86, may cost you no more than you are now paying for

You don't have to be a hospital patient to collect your hospital expense coverage with payments limited to a few money! hundred dollars.

Naturally, the new P6 provides money for hospital room PROTECTION TO HELP PAY DAYTO-DAY and board, general nursing charges, and more than 75 comFAMILY LIVING EXPENSES

It for operations. incidental provides also cash mon many

living for family just a to to get plan $200 can month up You is medical services difference big the here matno and——

your because can't the expenses breadwinner work when ter receive where treatment! you

recover to is in hospital or at doctor the keeping home him for this policy Under get wonderful can new you money as illness protection, injury. known disabling This or a from

x-rays, for tests, for blood transfusions, laboratory oxyill- of in case for as year long provides as one income P16, gen, of for the iron use and dressings, drugs, lung even—for imagine! injury. in of Just for case ness, long years as as two

medicines. and services of are important the These some

groceries the to and pay be help would you buy This money all covered of in listed policy. clearly are the them And—

, family all things your the other rent) (or mortgage and specified get all you benefits for services these matter no is extra above every day. This money money buy must—

are treated. where you

collect other form whatever from you might some beyond and

These medical services are the kind that are often given of insurance or workman's compensation and there is no to you in the outpatient clinic of a hospital or even in your decrease in benefits before age 61.

home. are the of services own policies They kind that some

will not for unless are pay a actually you bed patient in a MAIL COUPON TODAY FOR FREE regular hospital. INFORMATION ABOUT THE

HELPS PAY THE COSTS OF YOUR HOSPITAL LOW RATE WHITE CROSS PLAN all get of information proteccomplete these about can You AND BOARD, TOO ROOM or obligation. cost tions rates can find at no out You how

regular hospital P6 helps pay bills too, of course. You can reasonable low through exceptions kept are limitations and

a daily $4 get from rate the to $15 depending on room—of etc. war, rest cures, simple as acts mental illnesses, such

in stated for policy for difyour as 100 long as days each day—find everything out can about You CROSS the WHITE

ferent covered for sickness yourself accident or for each and PLAN.

every insured and family. of your member.::.; 'x:.-:...:.....

for benefits quickly. act However, you Although must

is And, the of the protections only new P6 one remarkable policies, for of injuries benefits the begin date from most get you can Plan. the under Cross Here are White two more

after illnesses in protection force begin 30 has been your of never probably before you have now. heard

as tuberailments, hernia, days. such abdominal Some

PROTECTION THAT CAN PAY UP TO *5000 beenculosis,in heartforce sixdisease,months.etc. Theare coveredsooner youaftermailthe thepolicycouponhas

FOR A SINGLE SICKNESS OR INJURY! below, the more quickly you can get this more complete

.;% With this catastrophe policy you have three different deprotection—protection that pays full benefits to you,

ductible levels to pick from; you can actually plan this prowhether you are treated in a hospital bed, at home, in the

tection so that it starts to pay where your other coverage doctor's office, or as a hospital outpatient.

Representations contained in this advertisement are based on FREE INFORMATION COUPON

Poticies P6. P85 IR8515), P86, P86S, P66A and P16. BANKERS LIFE & CASUALTY CO., Depl.

Chicago 30, Illinois I want to know all about the broad coverage offered under the lowrate White not obligate THE WHITE CROSS PLAN does meCrossin anyPlan.way. Please rush full facta. This

CO. BANKERS LIFE&OFFICE: CASUALTYi G O 3 O,

Reserve Stock Legal Company An OldLine

ACCIDENTAT OPTION RENEWABLEAND BROADAND RENEWABLECOVERAGE OFFERINGBOTH GUARANTEEDLIFE INSURANCE; ANDOF HEALTHTHE COMPANYPOLICIES, CITY COUNTYOR ZONE

scrrrifliptious

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

luto instead of being the ninth planet "in reality is only one of

Neptune's satellites or moons, which broke away untold millions of years ago,"according to Dr. Gerald P. Kuiper

of Yerkes Observatory. He reasons from

the small size of Pluto, its eccentric orbit, and its comparatively slow rotation. 1'01*!

A study of the homing tendency of the** shad fish along the Atlantic coast Camp has found that tagged shad do return to the scene of their nativity. The young

shad spend the first several months of their existence in fresh or brackish water, feeding and growing, until in the fall they leave their river environment for the ocean. They stay in the ocean until

maturity when they may migrate several hundred miles in the spring to their fresh water native stream to spawn.

HPhe honeyguides, African birds re- -'- lated to the American woodpecker, guide men, baboons, and ratels (honey badgers) to the nest of wild honeybees.

A recent Smithsonian Institution bulletin describes how, when the bird is ready to begin guiding, it goes to the person repeating a series of churring notes until the person gets near the bird. Then it moves to another tree in

the direction of the bee nest. This keeps

up until the vicinity of the bee nest is reached, and then the bird is silent.

After the hive has been opened, and the person has left with the honey, the Scr-r-rumptious honeyguide feeds on the bits of comb left strewn about. It is believed that the all right! Pur-r-rity's

bird bas a peculiar ability to digest the brand new Butterscotty Cookies wax. are loaded with soft butterscotch drops that'll

Tt has been estimated that of the five surely melt in your mouth! Scr-r-rimptious for any

* million people in the United States food budget!who could benefit by wearing hearing

aids, about one and a half million wear them. The substitution of transistors They're at your grocer's now

for aids electron in hearing tubes has in the big one pound bag size greatly possible reducedmade (though at much higher cost). One new

hearing aid is selfcontained and is placed in and behind the hearer's ear.Two companies are building hearing aids BUTTERSCOTTY COOKIES

into spectacle frames. One company builds binaurel hearing glasses with the by PURITY

microphone at each temple having a complete hearing aid. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt lake Phoenix Pocatello

MAY 1956 289 NEW Mr. Hoover's Proposal of

An Executive Vice President for the United States by Dr. G. Homer Durham rouuMhu VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

presidency of the United States report directly to the President. The TRANSLUCENT The

Surrounded by new institutional maministrative responsibility for the three PANELS is undergoing an important change. President would thus accept direct adchinery since 1939 ("The Executive most fateful areas of administrative

make your home and Office of The President"), the pressure policy and decisionmaking: defense,

of events, foreign and domestic, is tendforeign affairs, and finance. These three yard more colorful—

inviting—livable portanceing to "split"has alsothisemerged"atom."for theNewelectedimgreatIn termsdepartmentsof history areand alsothe thepersonalityoldest.

vice presidency. But after two commisof their heads, they are also most intisions known by his name and followmately connected with the presidency.

ing Mr. Eisenhower's heart attack, Thus, in the Eisenhower group, SecreHerbert Hoover, in December 1955, taries Humphrey, Dulles, and Wilson

urged an addition to the constitutional, would retain their intimate and necespolitical vice presidency—that Congress sary relationships with the President.

by statute create an additional adminThe Attorney General's office could be istrative Vice President or Vice Presidivorced from the Department of Justice dents. James F. Byrnes under Franklin and added to the executive office of the

D. Roosevelt, John SteelPresident as his trusted

man under Harry Trulegal advisory body. Adman, and Sherman ministrative agencies are

Adams as assistant to the creatures of congressional

President under Eisenjg? \ action. So, in creating

hower, have demonstrated the EVP there is no baraspects of this position. rier to a statutory proviThe position now held sion stating that the

by Richard M. Nixon President, by executive

cannot be used in the order, may direct the resame way. maining Cabinet agenThe Hoover suggestion requires apcies, as he may determine, to report and

plication to the complicated machinery be directly responsible for their adof the presidential office already in exministrative performance, to the Presiistence. The following is only the most dent, through the office of the ExecuWherever you look in your home general elaboration of what could be tive Vice President. The secretaries of

or yard, there's a place for this done. It is offered as a conversation agriculture, commerce, labor, interior,

exciting fiberglass reinforced piece in the current discussion. justice (headed by a secretary as dispaneling. The most modern creaAn additional or Executive Vice Presitinguished from the Attorney General),

tion in color and daylight comdent, to be appointed by the President, health, education, and welfare, and the fort. Its lightness, strength and could be created by Act of Congress. postmastergeneral could report to the

permanence... its easy workThe post will be onerous. It should pay President through the EVP. Other

ability... its unique translucent a salary comparable to its importance, agencies could be redistributed in terms

beauty opens new decorating including expenses. It should be situated of the same general considerations.

opportunities for you. in the executive office of the President, Instead of ninetyodd agencies reto parallel to porting directly President, the "White the House Office"the Available in exciting decora- (which is headed to the President by the assistant then be freed for the would

tor colors President [AP]). The Executive Vice fateful questions of defense, foreign

Lets in light, but retains priPresident, like the assistant, would repolicy, and finance. His hold on domesvacy port directly to the President. Whereas tic policies would be firm, through the

Strong—shatterproof the assistant lacks direct operating reinfluence of these areas (especially fiscal

Easy to install—works like sponsibilities for the government itself, policy), and through the EVP. The

wood with simple hand tools the Executive Vice President would be President's immediate span of attenin Comes both flat and corcertaina top operatingline departments.executive in ThechargeConof tionter aboutand responsibilitythe following:would thus cenrugated sheets

stitution and statutes would mark the The President correct distinction between the EVP 1. The assistant to the President and AT YOUR LOCAL

the office executive Presiof the LUMBER DEALER (statutory)The Constitutionand the VPmakes(constitutional).the President (including the White House

dent commanderin-chief of the armed Office, Bureau of the Budget, NaDistributed by forces and director of foreign relations. tional Security Council, Attorney

etc.) MORRISONMERRILL Thustem shouldthe reconstitutedhave the Secretarypresidentialof Desys- 2. General,The Secretary

fense the Secretary of and State report 3. of State The Secretary

directly to the President. Because of in- 4. & CO. of the Treasury Secretary of Defense The

Building Material Distributors escapable relations with fiscal policy, the 5. The Executive Vice President

Secretary of the Treasury would also (Continued on page 345) 290 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Our Prophets and Principles WRITINGS DN THE ARTICLES OF FAITH AND THE PROPHETS WHO MADE THEM LIVE.

This outstanding book contains a disdents of the Church; a biographical

cussion of the Articles of Faith by sketch of all the prophets of the LDS members of the First Presidency and Church; and a special article on the

the Quorum of the Twelve; biographiArticles of Faith entitled, "We Becal sketches of the early Apostles of

the Christian church; a testimony of lieve"by President David 0. McKay.

M.f. - the divinity of the mission of Joseph Published by the Instructor MagaSmith from the writings of the presizine. $2.50

2 Faith of Our THE The Temple Letters

TEMPLE Pioneer Fathers LETTERS CLAUDE RICHARDS sound and authoritative is history given BRYANT S. HINCKLEY Aon the importance in of Temple this Work

volume. The information includes quotations

from - General - Authorities from the faith expebeginning promoting twoTwenty the time, as well as lives in L.D.S. the of earlyriences from other Win* to

prominent leaders. This in presentLDS will related leaders book are stimChurch this 1\ ulate interest in Temple book. also are twentycolorful There Genealoand Work

n: gical Research. offer illustrations added that $2.75two

interest. Some of the stories are

familiar. Other stories are refreshingly new, never having been related

before in print. $3.00

Deseret Booh Co.

Home Memories,...44 East South TempleSalt Lake City, Utah...,.

j————"Wff9'W!?5P3P'?TC'*i,v 'of President 44DESERETEast SouthBOOKTempleCOMPANY

Salt Lake City, Utah David 0. McKay Gentlemen:Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) charge

Compiled and written by to my account the following amount $ for

LLEWELYN R. McKAY the (numbered) encircled books:

colorfulPresident McKay's home life 3 4 in Huntsville, of experience his yearsas a teacher of youth, his world tour 12 with Hugh J. Cannon, and his reliName

gious and personal associations are all described in a highly interesting Address manner in this book. Also included

are of President some the poems written, tributes paid to City Zone State... hasMcKay

him, and selections from his talks Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.and writings. $3.75

MAY 1956 291

\Jfficlal KJraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF

EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, The Voice of the Church"WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER

AGENCIES OF

Jne L-hurck of

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT

Research Editor: ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

Manuscript Editor: ALLIE HOWE

- Editors: F. ARCHIBALD BENNETT DURHAM G. HOMER- - R. NIBLEY HARRIS, FRANKLINContributing MILTON HUNTER HUGH

- - B. B. SPERRY SIDNEY PETERSEN LEE A. PALMERS. CLAUDEJR.

- General Manager: Manager: R. CURTIS ELBERT BERTHA S. REEDER Jm C-cover* F. Business Manager: SCOTT VERLAssociate

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

Regional Advertising Representative: THAYER EVANS An Aztec Indian stands on one section

of the Temple of Quetzalcoatl at Teotihuacan, Mexico. The Pyramid of the Sun

is in the distance. The fullcolor photoThe Editor's Page graphpage 324ff.)is the work of Otto Done. (See

A Tribute to Mothers President David O. McKay 301

Church Features

EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

Your Question: The Doctrine of Blood Atonement 50 North Main Street

...Joseph Fielding Smith 302 Y.M.M.I.A.Y. W.M.I. A. Offices,Offices, 5040 NorthNorth MainMain St.St.

Hyrum's Prophecy...Artel Ricks 305 Salt Lake City 16, Utah

There Were Jaredites—-Egypt Revisited—IV Hugh Nibley 308 Copyright 1956 by Mutual Funds, Inc., and

the published by Mutual AssoImprovement Solomon Mack and His Family—Conclusion Archibald F. Bennett 322 ciations of the Church of Jesus Christ of LatYMMIA General Board Members Melehizedek Priesthood 346 terdayscription Saints.price, $2.50All rightsa year,reserved.in advanceSubin foreign $3.00 subscriptions, a year, advance; Bishopric's 348 294 Presiding Appointed Page

single copy. 25c 350 Teachers The Study Guide for Ward Church Moves On 296

Office, Salt the Post at Entered City, Lake

Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for

mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Special Features TheunsolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era is butnot responsiblewelcomes confor tributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of l%c a word and must

The Story of BYU Leadership Week Richard Hirtzel 311 bedeliveryaccompaniedand return.by sufficient postage for

Meadows Solveig Paulson Russell 319 Change of Address

Mature Adults or Oldsters Harvey Fletcher 320 Thirty days'notice required for change of inplease ordering address. a change, When Archaeology and the Book of Mormon—Part XI-B..Milton R. Hunter 324 slip issue a recent clude address from

magazine. Address changes cannot

unless the old address as well as The Spoken Word from Temple Square...Richard L. Evans 330, 332, 342 themade of the newbe

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. G. Homer Durham 290 one is included.

Harris, Jr: 289 Smoking and Cancer 355

These Times: An Executive Vice Your Page and Ours 368

President for the United States,

Today's Family National Advertising Representatives

Cooking for Happiness with Zina The Family Food Storage Plan....362

Brown 356 EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

110 Sutter St.

San Francisco, California EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Stories, Poetry 672Los LafayetteAngeles 57,ParkCaliforniaPlace

SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES 342 Madison Ave.

High Adventure—VII S. Dilworth Young 313 New York 17, N. Y.

Dubious Teacher Deone R. Sutherland 316 30DAVISN. LaSalle& SONSSt.

Frontispiece, Beauty, Zara Sabin 299 To Youthful Photograph, Georgia Chicago, Illinois

Poetry 300 Moore Eberling 352 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

292 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -P

PART OF THE TIME

a winter oil would be right, but only while the engine is cold.

On unseasonably warm days or on long, hard trips, winter oil becomes too thin. And thinnedout oil does not give full protection to engine parts.

PART OF THE TIME you'd be right with summer oil, but only on warm days or after your engine has run long enough to warm up. On chilly mornings, or on short

trips, summer oil will be too thick, and won't protect engine parts as they should be protected.

ALL OF THE TIME troparhc ahWeather Motor Oil is right, because it's a yeararound oil. It flows freely when it's cold. It doesn't get too thin

when it's hot. Compared to older types of oils modern

TropArtic can even double engine life. Get it from

your Phillips 66 Dealer.

Oil gkan9& Todayf ftGH?

GUARANTEED PERFORMANCE.1 Change to TropArtic Motor Oil and use it for ten days or up to 1,000 miles.

If you aren't completely satisfied go to any Phillips 66

Dealer and he will refill your crankcase with any other available oil you prefer at no additional expense to you.

That's how sure we are that you'll be delighted with TropArtic AllWeather Motor Oil. We guarantee it!

Phillips Petroleum Company

1 T 1956 P ERF OR MA CE THAT COUNTS!293MAY

hy The ling James Mmbti

faith. in 'Aske Ch; temptethnot. God? it be abandoned for

I Dutr Saints. 13 tjrvl Should

tjnco DiluteyQti.miOaKUt ibajDsffrrt)tU)omofcxlJD!tatwH,Ujiincn niitoftalv a Utrtr

, oii v'ouour be putt.U)itlji in fcilibJo[l):i-foiDliautl lanoniyrc, iiH.Kinftiorate 15 u substitutes? uiirt) nticttic,that Cct -it lUtjomif

niorhicLsi)ccomcnio:ilr,3lHii!lfccFOU. CS&Kttn

tt|t| tjaue Siiiiitrall tticiii to TLitnottflclKtocUicsJroiri that 3ltnlr,Uv H:r- z+ j

Should prejudice over - rule Faith?,T HE GENERAL L Epiftle lames. of Should of scholars supdoubts

1 Joiiljcawtmc isttofoDiitrnrcii 1. p. h c A Iicatr.uiit it abuming luirljcrnli 'iwiew>viKlCTlhfcrolk, To T

. gratTt Untiltlje tljc flollut tlitttof anu f.u-

j-..: plant revelation I| rWillOUtlli. of from God?

ivcjk.'ntlie, o( GoJ,oui netu:ipuw 1!. nutlO:-..::.

: iilfo fljalt (0 lctti,anDtt)cBra(tofil)cf,iflnonofi(pcnflittti tljt ruij fane man

i'y liul(J[liiolicjikcn liiinc.iodic vmolnm, Richard F. North Clark P. Russell amapnil)i5lDarrs.

Jil i;, ihfK10 doe Word m 1 is XMcfltb tliat riiDiirnli 1 nun, 10-.6intJitJic..u-,. OihnwftnwnmWfemicbui

, Ijce 15 temptation lice tntD "higher Should criticism"nj.ill rcrrtuc: tlj(fo; ibl)tnthecrolUntof, lUDidj

fjatlj pJoniiftD im jLom to lilttljcm tljai thr"cljim. out divine crowd wisdom? tino fiwiutitnltns man temp

i:

,cuil,ueittjtrttiiip '"froumbtnnpicDofODti:fo:oootaii

"tpuuiusteinpttoililicuof ijis Dtune lull,

concciiit 0. Hath YMMIA

! 11fttr:.int)(iiltir,tt>hcii;"funiflineatii.

DrioueO b WHY THE

turn'prrfftt

..iiioiioiimictliboUnirhCE.tlutfiUjiioiti!itljf r fiiaootl) of General Board

ill Uftuethbrgatclicclic.fruits. thatofiltecIns KING JAMES VERSION

'ttorlourbljirtUrni.heart, noU> to Members

book by A new

Clark, Jr. J. Reuben...rnrtTcableii.iiifllinnciTe.aiiDrf'apariallfiiihmrffc.ffrofooD.to offontmanthepournigtalTeDUioihcthfo tilt 5. President

VtDDCTSc(tl)elDo:D,aiiD

.ikimiii 1 $4.75

Joseph F. Catmull

The King James Version of the Bible is the translation accepted by the Church. Every Latterday Three new appointments to the

general board of the Young Men's

Saint should know the reasons why. Mutual Improvement Association

In his masterful, yet easily read style, President have been announced. They are

Richard F. North, Clark P. Russell, J. Reuben Clark, Jr. gives the views of the best

and Joseph F. Catmull.

scholars and authorities on the subject in a new work just off the press. T7LDER"directorNorthfor wasthe therecentlytournamentcompleted allChurch M Men basketball

games. From 1952 to 1956 he was

activity assistant superintendent in the YMMIA of the East Mill Creek (Salt Lake City) Stake. Before that

he served as MIA superintendent of

Evergreen Ward in that stake. He has

Please send copies of President Clark's new book "Why the King James served the Church athletic program at $4.75 per copy. Version"

in both divisions 9 and 1 1. He was a

member of the allChurch honorary

City.... Zone State basketball team at the conclusion of

or ) { Check money order enclosed. Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax. in 1947. tournament At Men the M

to ) Charge ( my account. time'of the that he was a member

Salt Lake City Twentyseventh Ward's team. He was active in scoutis a veteran ing as a young man. He

ofJlte B.LJ.U. Laculiq will taach qeu of a graduate II and World War

the University of Utah. His wife is

the former Betty Jane Tannlund and the couple have two sons and a daughter. His original assignment

Mail To with the general board will be to the

BYU Home Study ExtensionBrighamDivisionYoung -UniversityHome Study athletic committee.

240 Courses Offered Provo, Utah

Regular BYU Faculty "Colder Russell has been active in

University Credit Name ** MIA work for a score of years,

Street having begun as a Scout. His first

City State and stake assignment commiswas district UNIVERSITYBRIGHAM YOUNG Please without send cost Brigham me sioner of Scouting in Emigration Extension Study Division - Home University's catalog. Young STUDY HOME

PROVO UTAH (Concluded on page 352) 294 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Your Best Book Buys.... are at Bookcraft Dealers

... 1. OUR PROPHETS AND PRINCIPLES THE STORY TELLER'S LIBRARY

Here's a powerful new book that every Latterday Saint should read. BOOKS BY ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

Published by The Instructor, this important volume sparkles with inspira- 2. STORY QUOTES $1.00

tional biographies of ancient prophets and each of our modern prophets 3. STORY SERMONS $1.00

discussion enlightening since contains the restoration. Also an apostles and $100 CLASSICS STORY

First Presidency of a tribute 4. and the Articles of Faith of the by members

. $1.00 5. STORY GEMS presidents. succeeding the of 8 Smith from each the Prophet Joseph to

$2.50 6. STORYETTES $1.00

BEST SELLING "DOLLAR"BOOKS 7. STORY TELLER'S SCRAPBOOK $1.00

BY ORA PATE STEWART BY EZRA L. MARLER 8. MINUTE SERMONS $1.00

THE WALLThe OVER 10. BRANCHES 9. SUNLIGHT & SHADOWS $1.00

story of branches of THOUGHT15. and 16.. GOLDEN.. Vol. NUGGETSI and IIOF Book of Mormon

the Tribe of Joseph. $1.00 "Thoughts make us what we are,"

contain these volumes packed and inPLANTED A TREEAn l'l. GOD r truth bits and of beauty, choice to help spirational and supplement prophets poets, spoken by wisdom $1.00 study. Bible May 1956 BOOKCRAFT each SI. 00 sages. and

outstand12. LETTER SONAn TO MY

Salt Utah Main, Lake City, South 1186 inspires ading literary which work DR. BY MILTON R. HUNTER

simple to the herence wholesome, circled book s: Please following the send tidlife. THOUGHTChoice $1.00 virtues OF 17. GEMS of

disbits gleaned from Conference - Many 13. TREASURES UNEARTHED $1.00 of courses. Book facts littleknown about the 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9

Mormon. $1.00 18. GOSPEL SERMONETTES-A harvest

wise counsel Articles given by of Faith of 14. WE BELIEVEThe General 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Authorities at General Conference people. explained for our young

$1.00 over the past 5 years. $1.00

for which 1 enclose ch eck ( ) or mone y order ( ):,

Tf Name n—rj-v?.N-"*"*"<&:'.

'*.-'?**?.-*--: Eb:$ - - - - - - Address

'tS'BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE;; i

* "*Z—- '*V n

. State. City

1186 SOUTH MAIN IN 7-7911 mmmmmmM

MAY 1956 295 The Church moves On

Events A Day To Day Chronology Of Church

Smoot 33; Tooele First 49, Westwood (first and second); Mesa Tenth 61,

February 1956 Second 42; Salt Lake City Thirtyfirst Tooele First 48 (third and seventh);

61, Tabor 50; Pocatello Twentieth 63, Garland Second 63, Grayson 58, (over-

q Elder Clifford E. Young, Assistant Pacific Grove 44; Murray Ninth 54, time game, fourth and eighth); Tucson

L to the Council of the Twelve, Portland Sixth 46; Grayson 56, Hyrum Institute 54, Wilmington 51 (fifth and

dedicated the chapel of the Areata Third 37; Tuscon Institute 69, Ogden ninth); Granger Second 50, Ogden

Branch, Northern California Mission. Fourth 52; Sugar City 56, Myton 46; Fourth 48 (sixth [consolation] and

President S. Dilworth Young of the Plain City 51, American Fork Sixth 40; tenth). Garland Second Ward was

First Council of the Seventy dedicated Wilson 57, Annabella 36. awarded the sportsmanship trophy. The

the chapel of the San Carlos and Redfollowing allstar team was chosen:

wood City wards, Palo Alto (California) n a Scores in today's M Men basketWendell Hess, Garland Second; Doug

Stake. dv ball tournament were: Champion Beck, Grove; Paul Smith, Granger SecCovina Stake, 226th now functioning ship bracket: Mesa Tenth 50, Arbor 33; ond; Bert Cook, Plain City; Bob Oates,

in the Church, was organized with Wilson 57, Wilmington 56; Grove 69, Mesa Tenth; Gove Allen, Tucson InstiPresident Elden L. Ord and his counHaven 45; Plain City 64, Sugar City 43; tute; Harold Christensen, Merced; Larry

selors, Elders Keith R. Oakes and EmerGrayson 64, Tuscon Institute 44; PocaMaxwell, Wilson; Richard Perkins,

son L. Crawley sustained as its presitello Twentieth 59, Murray Ninth 51; Grayson; Malcolm Beck, Grove. The

dency. The stake was formerly a part Garland Second 50, Merced 46; Tooele outstanding player award went to Doug

of Pasadena (California) Stake. The First 49, Salt Lake City Thirtyfirst 47. Beck of Grove Ward. Verl F. Scott, busistake has a memhership of approxiConsolation Bracket: Annabella 43 ness manager of The Improvement Era,

mately 5200, in the following wards: Minersville 42; Mar Vista 67, Smoot 58 presented Larry Maxwell of Wilson

North El Monte, El Monte, Baldwin Ogden Fourth 70, Hyrum Third 54 Ward, Wells (Salt Lake City) Stake

Park, West Covina, Covina, and GlenPacific Grove 49, Portland Sixth 45 with a copy of the book Gospel Ideals, dora. Sustained as the presidency of the Tabor 48, Westwood Second 46; Rexpersonally autographed by President

Pasadena Stake were President Howard burg Sixth 49, Oakley First 43; Myton David O. McKay. Elder Maxwell, who

W. Hunter and his counselors Elders J. 77, American Fork Sixth 60. has recently been called on a mission,

Talmage Jones and Richard S. Summerwas judged the winner of an essay conhays. Elder Jones was President Hunter's test on "What the Church Athletic

second in counselor the old presidency. March 1956 Program Means to Me."

first His counselor, A. Elder Kay Berry,

released. was Stake, Pasadena with M Men basket- 4 sistantElder EltoRaytheL. Christiansen,Council of Asthe of membership a 1 Scoresball tournamentin today'swere: is Championapproximately 4200,

made up of East Pasadena, Pasadena, ship bracket: Plain City 66, Grayson 49; Twelve, dedicated the chapel of the

South Pasadena, Las Flores, West Mesa Tenth 48, Garland Second 46 Glendora Ward, Pasadena (California)

Arcardia, Arcadia, and Monrovia wards. (double overtime); Tooele First 51, Stake.

Elders George Q. Morris of the Council Pocatello Twentieth 34; Grove 49, Wil-.| The First Presidency announced

of the Twelve and Elder El Ray L. son 46. Consolation bracket: Rexburg 1 U the appointment of Elder Joseph

Christiansen, Assistant to the Council Sixth 53, Annabella 45; Granger Second Taylor Bentley to be president of a

of the Twelve were in charge of this 63, Mar Vista 37; Ogden Fourth 63, new mission soon to be established in

organization. Myton 57; Tabor 48, Pacific Grove 43; Mexico. President Bentley is not new

President Benjamin W. Wilkcrson Tucson Institute 63, Sugar City 46; Salt to Mexico, having served in several

sustained as president of South CaroLake City Thirtyfirst 66, Murray Ninth Church and business capacities in that lina Stake, succeeding President William 59; Arbor 41, Merced 40; Wilmington country. At the time of this appointWallace McBride, with whom he served 72, Haven 55. ment he was a member of the presifirst as counselor. President Wilkerson's of University dency Brigham Young baskettoday's in Scores Men M are counselors Elder Voyles, Earl M. 2 of Stake. as a has served member He were: ball tournament ChampionPresident second who McBride's was Stake, of the presidency Roosevelt bracket: ship 57 the 59, Grove Tenth Mesa counselor, Keith Elder A. Jensen. and of as council the high and a member First 58, Tooele (overtime); City PJain

later as of president high the and bracket: 39. 68, Consolation Grayson

first of four the 1956 games The priests'in the Big Cottonwood quorum Pocatello Fourth 64; Twentieth Ogden2 basketball / betournament Men M of East as Stake, the a and member 69, 52, Second Tabor Wil39; Garland gan. at were played George Games Sister council. Stake high Sharon 58, son 66; Rexburg Second Granger

field Albert of house Smith Brigham their of three the Bentley youngest and Institute Salt 58, Sixth Lake 42; Tuscon University. today's in Scores Young to will six children him accompany Thirtyfirst 55, 50; City Wilmington games: Sixth 55, Grove Rexburg field this of labor. new 43. 44; Arbor Haven 63, Oakley 59; Wilmington 52,

Minersville 42; Plain City 87, Logan dediof Elders President appointments David The O. McKay Rich- 1-1 3 45. Third P. Russell, ard F. North, Clark Temple. cated thev Los Angeles 1

and Joseph F. Catmull to the general Two dedicatory sessions were held today.

of in today's Scores board of the Imthe General Mutual Augames of the As all members Young Men's M 2q thorities Association to attend were: announced. tournament provement Angeles were in Los was O Men basketball

Mesa Tenth 59, Granger Second 43: Scores of the final games of the thirtythe dedication of the temple, nineteen

Arbor 55, North Morgan 33; Garland fourth annual M Men basketball tournastakes held their quarterly conference

Second 45, Mar Vista 39; Merced 34, ment were: Grove 45, Plain City 44 without an "official visitor."

296 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HOW TO MAKE KIND OF HAY COST YOU LEAST AND PAY YOU MOST!

FIELDCHOP ANY FORAGE CROP

FORAGORS Hay or row crops... green or cured... windrowed or

standing—you fieldchop any forage crop with the new

MinneapolisMolineForagors! You choose directcut, rowcrop or pickup headers, PTO or enginedriven models.

You get bigcapacity chopping to lengths from %"'to 3"loss leaf without Dealer facts for all the on or MMstem Foragors.shattering.He'llAsk showyour youMM unbeatable performance!

BALE FOR 2-WAY PROFITS BALE-O-MATIC

For your own hay loft, on custom jobs for your neighbors, this powerful MM Bale-O-Matic pays you a harvest bonus.

You bale from windrow or stack, make firm, squarecornered bales sliced in layers for easiest feeding. Wiretied under compression, the bales can't come loose...

meet every requirement for shipping or resale. No wire

clippings, no light spots. MM's exclusive baletrip mechanism gives you 30to 45inch bales. For extra hay season

profits, ask your MM Dealer to show you the oneand- only MM Bale-O-Matic!

Real Capacity. Get Mowing s Baby Your MO MOWER—Hay. RAKERTEDDER—for OMA Hay and MM WINDROWERSTops

its at your hay this with peak highspeed, This sidedelivery puts rake in your Grain. hay windrowing When better, pays you

5-, 6- or 7-foot Builtin light, Mower. fluffy it MO down with for windrows stems out best, you pay with make a Minneapolispressure, 2-speed drive, V-belt fullpivoting quick drying buried inside. In deep Moline 8-, Windrower. 12-, or 14foot

rear wheel safety and release breakaway Also available tedder... as. leavesa models, the size to you buy match your pay you every hay season. acreage.

MINNEAPOLIS INNEAPOLIS-1, MINNESOTA OLINE

TUN.-FARMOR NX

UNIUNI-WINDROWEROpens BALOR—BigUNI-FORAGORSelf-proYOU THREE NEW GIVES fields capacity straightthrough anywhere. Offers hySELF-PROPEUED baling with unbeatable Unidraulic height control, big, peltedin the lowestpricedUni-Farmor capacityforage MACHINES Farmor operation. Twine10'capacity, constant cutharvester on the market! Difirm, squarecornered ting speed for all ground rectcut, pickup, rowcrop HAY HARVEST tiesbales. speeds. headers.

MAY 1956 297 Standard is exploring 40 countries* to keep America's oil reserves the highest in history

Specially designed "swamp buggy"carrying oil geologists into a Louisiana wilderness

SWAMP BUGGIES, snowmobiles—even helicopters—are

used by Standard's geologists, who seek petroleum throughout the free world and in 33 U.S. states. Our search never ends.

Last year, in the Western Hemisphere alone, Standard invested $134 million in exploration, drilled 107 test wells. We added

nearly three times as much oil to reserves as we brought from the ground. But U.S. consumption rises steadily. It's now over

9 million barrels per day and expected to increase }4 within 10 years. So in 1956 we'll again invest many millions in exploration, drill scores of new wells—seeking the oil you'll use tomorrow. 1956 1965

* Includes operations of affiliated companies in the Eastern Hemisphere

. STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA|P puts petroleum progress to work for you

298 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -Photograph by Kaufmann and Fabry

by Zara Sabin

it today eauty—I looked on

in an aged woman's face.

Lines of patience carved their way mouthward, with a trace of wistful yearning, and a touch of tenderness. Her smile

was sudden sunlight—surely such

as angels wear the while they sing God's praise. No petulance

nor petty thought was mirrored there. The calmness of her glance

expressed the life she led.

nly an artist of rare skill could trace the timeetched wisdom on a mother's face.

MAY 1956 299 A MOTHER'S THOUGHT AT EVENING

By Jane Merchant

TVTight has spread blankets of clouds all over the sky, Except for a bare place there at the edge of the hill.

I hope she will remember to tuck it in

MAN PLANTS AN ORCHARD YOUNG SUMMER Or thechill.edge of the sky is likely to suffer a

By Mary Gustafson By Helen Reed Moffitt

Walnut trees, With inspired grace she wears the wind COMPENSATION "Orange and apple trees, * In wise but youthful way;

Lemon and almond trees, With tenderness she spreads soft blue rain By Helen Mitchel grass growing hay; and year second On of growthGreen in

sun I ife can be rich through grief and pain. gleans she gold from warming space. Rich once wasWhere meadow

To nourish greening things; Though great the loss, yet greater gain

her fresh white pure and is bucketedWater into the heat of day More wings, seagull a dusty Makes, breath WeIs oursfacewhen,the splendorafter nightof theis gone,dawn. wilting growth.To

Grass is dug with tenderness In summer'sSo gentleyouthare herher ways;beauty reigns, TheLord, heightsgive us abovefaith Gethsemane,to look and see

growingTo shining the years gleam from To catch voice, she gives song to human height New bloom.And tears, these this heartache, through Beyond light days; to darkened New

Her wild flowers blossom to the sun

Redwoods surround this spot With colors rich imbued, And give us steadfast, hopeful eyes

Contrasting with the littleness of trees She holds my hand in hers To penetrate grief's dark disguise

That fruit I stand with faith renewed. A grim, unlovely thing? Ah, no,

Surround with shade of centuries But soil from which the roses grow.

That never once gave food For man or bird i DOMESTIC TRIUMPH Surround and wait Until the fruiting trees die out By Margaret Goff Clark

Beyond the littleness of man Who planted dreams. I used to wonder how a mother went

Day in, day out, without a cent to spare,

And often not enough to buy the bare

THERE WILL BE THIS HILL Necessities, to dread the day the rent

Is due. When any minor accident,

By Elaine V. Emans A cup and saucer broken, or a tear

In Sunday trousers, shoes that need repair,

All of life long, there will be this sweepCould mean calamity made imminent.

** hill, ing best seen a the But I have make woman its with climbedGreen this mornMay, we in gracious such a life a way. Of and early. ing

of untiring It took head. hands and work

will preluding theThere be same hush do, she dressed over, making making trill the—Photograph by Eldun Beck By

style. in say herself children and Her Some the brighteyed bird that wee backOf comes

daily miracles bread. practised with She

yearly.

There will be this looking down on the DESERT MANNA waking

River below us—all of my davs there will By Maude Rubin SEAGULLS be

By Patricia Duff McGinleyThis utter peace in watching the dawn

P*reen prairies now burn white as sifted breaking

In fragile loveliness, and I shall see chalk; The seagulls stand along the beach,

Forever a dreamful smile upon your face. Bright berries shrivel on a dwindling vine; Fat, respectable, together,

rattlingAll of life long I shall remember this place. Heatblighted kernels burst on stalk HasLike someportly pronouncementclubmen there, onand theeachweather.

browning the fields. As desert takes The

pine But instantly a footstep's heard,

GLEANER Sows redolent needles on the sunbaked hill The club disperses in its fright.

stuffed shirts vanish, each bird and The is parched, throat valley river's pebbled And By C. Middleton flight. a gliding Becomes poem of fill is silent. famine Its song War and

am a -Gleaner; This onceblessed earth. Death stalks each

I walk each day with Ruth cedararched

And reap in the sun. And narrow trail as Eutaw wars with Eutaw. MEMORIAL

From battle's frenzy, late repentance comes

I look up to God With healing prayer. Hatefrozen harmonies By Catherine E. Berry

And breathe a prayer of thanks thaw hill this ere windswept on earth. the cleanFor good music. song of honey moving The To

crosses white stand; few A hums!

Fall rains, springtime gently side standsAt my scorching seared once each wind Where is this sacred land. For

to to soulHeart slope barren heart—soulthere

My eternal mate. White flames of sega lilies light new hope! Above them birds still sing;

Starlight and dawn appear;

out hand my lightly Tread you pay who lily, gift state flower, Note: has Utah's The sego of God, anToI reachtouch this to year. Tribute them

root. the According to legend, InEutaw giftMy supreme—mymy child. diansedible warred themselves neighborwith among and

ing tribes until the Great Spirit sent a drought in They gave so much, these lads;

the land. punishment. Finaltook Death and famine is to joy fulfilledThis die; were so young They

for forgiveness. repented, ly the braves prayed Rain

earth,God, keep faith with them, must lilies, bringing sego the saving the We white my child, and love; came,

I have gleaned my share. tribes from starvation. Hold freedom's torch on high.

300 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA gSvJjgSvJG-i?

u * 1 1 mm

A Tribute to Mothers

by President David O. McKay

Motherhood is the one thing in all the world or need for our guardians of the peace. Here is an

which most truly exemplifies the Godgiven influence greater in its restraining power than the virtues of creating and sacrificing. Though threat of the laws of the land, ostracism of society,

it carries the woman close to the brink of death, or the fear of violating a command of God! In a

motherhood also leads her into the very realms of moment of youthful recklessness the youth might the fountains of life and makes her copartner defy one or all of these forces and do what his with the Creator in bestowing upon eternal spirits hot blood bade, but at the critical moment the mortal life. Artists may make new visions real; flash of a mother's confiding trust, the realization

poets express thoughts never known before or of her sorrow if he fails to be true to it have given dress old ones in a more becoming garb; engihim power to refrain from an indulgence which

neers may transform deserts into bounteous fields might blight his entire career.

and fill them with prosperous towns and thriving Motherhood is just another name for sacrifice.

villages; scientists may discover new elements and From the moment the wee, helpless babe is laid

by various combinations thereof create means conon the pillow beside her, she daily, hourly, gives tributive either to progress or destruction—all of her life to her loved one. It has been aptly said

these are in a measure revealers of unknown that babes draw strength at first from her bosom things; but the mother who, in compliance with but always from her heart. All through the years

eternal law, brings into the world an immortal of babyhood, childhood, and youth, aye, even spirit occupies first rank in the realm of creation. after her girls themselves become mothers and her

Motherhood is the greatest potential influence sons become fathers, she tenderly, lovingly sacrifor good or ill in human life. The mother's image fices for them her time, her comfort, her pleasures,

is the first that stamps itself on the unwritten her needed rest and recreation, and, if necessary, page of the young child's mind. It is her caress health and life itself? No language can express

that first awakens a sense of security; her kiss the the power and beauty and heroism of a mother's

first realization of affection; her sympathy and love.

tenderness the first assurance that there is love It is such a woman who shapes the career of in the world. True, there comes a time when the husband, son, or brother. It has been well said

father takes his place as exemplar, and here in the that a man succeeds and reaps the honor of public life of the growing boy, and, in the latter's budding applause when in truth a quiet little woman has ambition to develop manly traits, he outwardly made it possible—has by her tact and encourageseems to turn from the more gentle and tender ment held him to his best, has had faith in him

virtues engendered by his mother. Yet that everwhen his own faith has languished, has cheered

directing and restraining influence implanted durhim with unfailing assurance.

ing the first years of his childhood lingers with Fortunate the man who may go to his mother, him and permeates his thoughts and memory as at pleasure, and share her joy in reminiscence or distinctly as perfume clings to each particular again receive her blessing in reality. Thrice

flower. In more than one instance in the life of fortunate the boy whose loving mother's companfiery youth this lingering influence has proved a ionship is a daily guide and inspiration! Thrice

safeguard in the hour of temptation. blessed that girl in whose life radiates constantly

If every mother could exert that influence upon the pure, selfsacrificing influence of a loving her sons and daughters, we would have little cause mother!

scscx?vcrjcvr<

MAY 1956 301

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

The Doctrine of Blood Atonement

"Will you kindly explain the meaning of who beguiled our first parents, who transformeth himthe doctrine of blood atonement and the self nigh unto an angel of light, and stirreth up the stand of the Church in relation to capital punishment."children of men unto secret combinations of murder

and all manner of secret works of darkness."4

It was never intended that this terrible fate should be doctrine of blood atonement has The pass this to earth sent to refthe man. end of He was not

sacrifice to the great erence Jesus made by ills flesh, of the to suffer the probation mortal through

Christ in the shedding of his blood upon the cross. be tempted, tried, and then consigned to eternal damnaThrough that sacrifice the power of death was destroyed, tion, losing his physical body which was given him as

and all mankind receive the blessing of restoration to the tabernacle for his eternal spirit, and to be joined to immortality that they can die no more. When Adam that spirit through all eternity. Justice demanded that

was placed in the Garden of Eden he was immortal and this broken law, which deprived him of this eternal could have lived forever; likewise all things that had existence, must be repaired; mercy also was equally as

been created as well as Adam and Eve "... must have insistent that this restoration should be made. The fall

state in in they the were afterremained which same for of preparation foreknown, Eve was and and Adam forcreated;they remained they have were must and

this restoration before they had long been had made 1 of existence conthat kind no end."hadever, and Had in this council held earth. placed In the grand been on

tinued, Adam and Eve could not have fulfilled the first heaven, Jesus Christ voluntarily accepted the mission great multiin given them commandment of of in the Father time and the due Redeemer, to come the garden—to2 posterity, great their fill the earth with and theply and

this restorathe sacrifice pass to that bring would make plan of salvation voted upon and accepted in the world tion through the shedding of his blood. He is spoken

of spirits, before the earth was formed, would have of scriptures slain as in the the foundafrom the "Lamb 3failed.

in this of tion chosen world."5 the was also Adam When in the garden Adam and Eve were granted the council to fulfil his part as the progenitor of the humansame

privilege of of partaking fruit of all the trees the except all plan, his to fulfil race. of the part he came When

fruit ofthe the tree of the evil. of knowledge good and him. taken his former from had forknowledge was He

They were instructed that if they ate of that tree they gotten that he was Michael the archangel, holding great should surely die, and their state of immortality would authority in the preexistence. When the truth was fully

come to an end, and the mortal existence would be revealed to Adam and Eve, and they learned that Jesus ushered in with all its pains, sorrows, sins and pleasures, Christ had been chosen to be their Redeemer, and also which we find in the earth today; and they would be of their posterity, they rejoiced, and Eve said: "Were

forced to live by the sweat of the face. Moreover, this it not for our transgression we never should have had

death would bring, not only the separation of spirit and seed, and never should have known good and evil, and body, but also banishment from the presence of God the joy of our redemption, and the eternal life which which is the second death. This commandment they God giveth unto all the obedient."

broke, and the fall was introduced bringing blood as the The atonement of our Savior is twofold in its benefits lifegiving substance to their mortal bodies, which preto mankind through the shedding of his blood. First, all

viously were quickened by spirit. It is difficult to mankind are redeemed from death and will receive the

imagine a worse fate than this which befell Adam and resurrection. This is the free gift of God. Second, it

Eve and which was inherited by all mankind. Jacob, son gives to all those who will repent of all their sins, redempof Lehi, has painted this awful picture in these vivid tion from their sins if they will accept and obey his

words gospel and endure to the end.

"O the wisdom of God, his mercy and grace! For Here is a quotation from Elder Orson Pratt:

behold, if the flesh should rise no more our spirits must "Unconditional redemption is universal. It takes within

become subject to that angel who fell from before the its scope all mankind; it is as unlimited as the fall; it

presence of the Eternal God, and became the devil, to redeems men from all its effects; it restores to them their

rise no more. bodies....

"And our spirits must have become like unto him, and "The children of Adam had no agency in the transwe become devils, angels to a devil, to be shut out from gression of their first parents, and therefore they are the presence of our God, and to remain with the father not required to exercise any agency in their redemption of lies, in misery, like unto himself, yea, to that being from its penalty: They are redeemed from it without

J2 Nephi 2:22. 42 Nephi 9:8-9.

2Gen. 1:28. 2 Nephi 2:2325. ERev. 13:8. 1 Peter 1:1920.

%Ioses 4:1-4. Abraham 3:2228. Moses 5:11.

302 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

faith, repentance, baptism, or any other act, either of we shall be brought to stand before God, knowing even mind or body. as we know now, and have a bright recollection of all

"Conditional redemption is also universal in its nature; our guilt.

it is offered to all, but not received by all: it is a uni- "Now, this restoration shall come to all, both old and

versal gift, though not universally accepted: Its beneyoung, both bond and free, both male and female, both

fits can be obtained only through faith, repentance, the wicked and the righteous; and even there shall not so

baptism, the laying on of hands, and obedience to all much as a hair of their heads be lost; but everything

other requirements of the gospel. shall be restored to its perfect frame, as it is now, or in

"Unconditional redemption is a gift forced upon manthe body, and shall be brought and be arraigned before kind which they cannot reject, though they were disthe bar of Christ the Son, and God the Father, and the posed. Not so with conditional redemption; it can be Holy Spirit, which is one Eternal God, to be judged

received or rejected according to the will of the creature. according to their works, whether they be good or

"Redemption from the original sin is without faith or whether they be evil.

works: redemption from our own sins is given through "Now, behold, I have spoken unto you concerning the

faith and works. Both are gifts of free grace; but while death of the mortal body, and also concerning the resurone is a gift forced upon us unconditionally, the other rection of the mortal body. I say unto you that this

is a gift merely offered to us conditionally. The remortal body is raised to an immortal body, that is from

ception of the one is compulsory; the reception of the death, even from the first death unto life, that they can

other is voluntary. Man cannot, by any possible act, die no more; their spirits uniting with their bodies, never

prevent his redemption from the fall; but he can utterly to be divided thus the whole becoming spiritual and imrefuse and prevent his redemption from the penalty of mortal, that they can no more see corruption."10

his own sins."7 Jesus is the only Person born into this world that ever

Paul also taught this doctrine. He said to the Corinhad the power to lay down his life and take it again.

thian members of the Church: He said:

"If in this life only we have hope in Christ, we are of "I am the good shepherd, and know my sheep, and am all men most miserable. known of mine.

"But now is Christ risen from the dead, and become "As the Father knoweth me even so know I the Father the firstfruits of them that slept. and I lay down my life for the sheep.

"For since by man came death, by man came also the "And other sheep I have which are not of this fold:

resurrection of the dead. them also I must bring, and they shall hear my voice;

"For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be and there shall be one fold and one shepherd.

made alive."8 "Therefore doth my Father love me, because I lay

The best authority that we have on the effects of the down my life that I might take it again.

atonement reaching all mankind is Jesus Christ himself. "No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of myTo the Jews he said, when speaking of his missions: self. I have power to lay it down and I have power to

"... The hour is coming, and now is, when the dead take it again. This commandment have I received of my

shall hear the voice of the Son of God; and they that Father."11

hear shall live. Again he said:

"For as the Father hath life in himself; so hath he "For the Father loveth the Son, and sheweth him all

given to the Son to have life in himself: things that himself doeth: and he will shew him greater

"And hath given him authority to execute judgment works than these, that ye may marvel.

also, because he is the Son of man. "For as the Father raiseth up the dead, and quickeneth

"Marvel not at this: for the hour is coming, in the them; even so the Son quickeneth whom he will."12

which all that are in their graves shall hear his voice. Jesus had the power to lay down his life and take it

"And shall come forth; they that have done good, unto again because he is the Only Begotten Son of God in the

of life: resurrectionthe and they that life inhave done evil, flesh, his Eternal Father he obtained from and

9 the resurrectionunto of damnation."a his mother, over death. the cluding power From

Of this universal resurrection through the atonement descendant of Adam, he obtained his blood and the of Jesus Christ, all the ancient prophets have spoken. In power to die. It was essential that the mortal blood,

the Book of Mormon we find one of the clearest utterwith the seeds of death, should be given back, and that ances on this subject by Amulek, when preaching to the could only be accomplished by an infinite atonement.

people of Ammonihah: By infinite atonement we mean an atonement made by

"Therefore the wicked remain as though there had one who was infinite or eternal. Therefore it had to be

been no redemption made except it be the loosing of the by a Son begotten by the Father; and to accomplish this

bands of death; for behold, the day cometh that all shall end Jesus Christ was born into the world.

rise from the dead and stand before God, and be judged Our Savior could not have atoned for Adam's transaccording to their works. gression or redeemed mankind from death, except by the

"Now, there is a death which is called a temporal shedding of his blood. Neither could we, the children

death; and the death of Christ shall loose the bands of of Adam, be redeemed except through the blood of Jesus

this temporal death, that all shall be raised from this Christ. This is clearly stated in the blessing of the Sacratemporal death. ment and many other passages of scripture. Justice

"The spirit and the body shall be reunited again in would have demanded that the atonement for "original its perfect form; both limb and joint shall be restored to sin,"that of Adam, should have been atoned for by

its proper frame, even as we now are at'this time; and (Concluded on following page)

''Millennial8 1 Cor. 15:1922.Star, 12:69. "Alma"John 10:1418.11:4145.

"John 5:2529. wihid., 5:2021.

MAY 1956 303 THE DOCTRINE OF BLOOD ATONEMENT

(Concluded from preceding page) murder must be slain. 'Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by

Adam, and that the individual sins of each of us should man shall his blood be shed.'I know there are some

be atoned for by our own blood; but to take Adam's benevolent and philanthropic people in these times who

blood or our blood as a sacrifice would have been futile. think that capital punishment ought to be abolished.

We still would have remained subject to death as we Yet I think the Lord knows better than they. The law

have no power to redeem ourselves. Therefore Jesus he ordained will have the best results to mankind in

volunteered to redeem us because he was not under the general."16

curse. President Penrose then continues and says:

Paul has said, writing to the Hebrews: "And almost all "Well, is there any other sin that a man may commit

things are blood; with the law by purged and

is. I is I will refer of think there death? worthy without which 1

sacrifices of remission."shedding blood 'All the is no

Leviticus, chapter of in the and 20th Book one you to of old, from the days of Adam to the atonement of Jesus 10th verse.

Christ similitude in the a reminder by blood were of and "'And the man that committeth adultery with another sacrifice, to its fulfilmentof the great pointed forward and by Jesus upon the cross. man's wife, even he that committeth adultery with his

The Lord instructed Israel that they were not to eat neighbor's wife, the adulterer and the adulteress shall blood: surely be put to death.'

"And whatsoever man there be of the house of Israel, "That was the law of God in the days of Moses. It

or of the strangers that sojourn among you, that eateth was the law of God previous to the days of Moses, as any manner of blood, I will even set my face against you will find by reference to the Book of Genesis. It

that soul that eateth blood, and will cut him off from has been the law of God from the beginning. Some

among his people. people have an idea that Jesus did away with that law,

"For the life of the flesh is in the blood, and I have and they bring up the case of the woman that had given it to you upon the altar, to make an atonement been taken in transgression. The object of the Pharisees

for your souls: for it is the blood that maketh the atonein bringing the woman to the Savior was that they

ment for the soul. might catch him in some way. You will find by reading

"Therefore I said unto the children of Israel, No soul the history of Jesus Christ's ministry on the earth that of you shall eat blood, neither shall any stranger that it was then as it is today—snares are all the time being

sojourneth among you eat blood. laid to catch the servants of God. They tried to entrap

"And whatsoever man there be of the children of him in many ways, but he was able to meet them with

Israel among you, which hunteth and catcheth any beast the wisdom of the Great God; for the Spirit of God was

or fowl that may be eaten; he shall even pour out the given to him without measure. The woman they brought

blood thereof, and cover it with dust. to him was taken in this great transgression. The Phari-

"For it is the life of the flesh; the blood of it is for sees knew the law of Moses was that she should be put

the life thereof: therefore I said unto the children of to death. They inquired what Jesus had to say. He

Israel, Ye shall eat of the blood of no manner of flesh: stooped down and thought a little while, then wrote

for the life of all flesh is the blood thereof: whosoever with his finger on the ground and exclaimed. 'Let him

eateth it shall be cut off."14 that is without sin cast the first stone.'* * * Did Jesus

say the law ought not to be inflicted? No, He asked:

Capital Punishment 'Woman, where are thine accusers?'They were gone.

'Neither do I accuse thee.'It must be remembered that

It has been the law of the Lord from the beginning there must be accusers as well as judges. Jesus set a

that "... flesh with the life thereof, which is the blood pattern which judges in these times would do well to

thereof, shall ye not eat. follow. He did not act as an attorney for the prosecuas tion or the against a witness accused as well as a I lives of will require; at surely blood your your "And

to the sentence."judge pronounce it, I will at beast requirethe of every and the hand hand

of man; at the hand of every man's brother will I require the life of man. "And now, behold, I speak unto the church. Thou

his shall blood, blood man's sheddeth "Whoso by man kill; kills shalt shall that not he not have forgiveness and

in the shed: for man."be image he made of God to this 15 in in the world, come. world nor

Moreover, Moses reiterated this commandment to Israel "And, again, I say, Thou shalt not kill; but he that

as the Lord commanded him, and it has never by divine killeth shall die."18

decree been revoked. The Nephites taught and practised

it. (2 Nephi 9:35; Alma 42:19.) In this, the last dispenIs it the prerogative of the Church to inflict the punsation, the Lord has confirmed this penalty upon those ishment? No! The Lord has given commandment that

who deliberately kill. all offenses worthy of death shall be handled by the

the in of courts as declared Doctrine Covethe land and of capital speaking Penrose, Charles President W.

pass, persons it shall that nants, if any come to "And the said: for shedding has "Thispunishment, divine law

blood of a murderer has never been repealed. It is a among you shall kill they shall be delivered up and

law given by the Almighty and not abrogated in the dealt with according to the laws of the land; for rememit shall be proved hath no forgiveness; and that he all for faith. a ber It standsChristian on record time—that to Section 42:79. of the land."the laws according shed. that commits his blood shall havemurderer He

13Heb. 9:22. laBlood Atonement, Charles W. Penrose, pages 2526.

"Lev. 17:1014. Ibid., pages 2627.

"Gen. 9:4-6. iD & C 42:1819.

304 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HYRUM'S PROPHECY

by Artel Ricks

build up Kirtland, but I, the Lord, have a scourge prepared for the inhabitants thereof."(D 8c C 124:83.)

Those who ignored this warning met with hardships and apostasy until the Church completely disappeared from the area. Today the Saints have

returned. They have been welcomed

by the community, and they have built a new edifice to the Lord.

The restored gospel of Jesus Christ was brought to Ohio in October 1830, about eleven years prior to Hyrum's prophecy. It was brought by Parley

The Kirtland P. Pratt, Oliver Cowdery, and Peter

Temple. A view Whitmer. They were on their way

of the south side before the plasto the western borders of the United ter was removed. States as missionaries to the Lamanites. Kirtland was at that time a

prospering village of slightly over one thousand, nearly as large as

Cleveland or Youngstown were then.

In the area the elders found a people receptive to the gospel, a number of whom had been under the religious

years them, but not until manyThecordedProphetin his Josephjournal,SmithOctoberrewithpossessa sore scourge; yet your children may tutelage of a Campbellite minister shall named Sidney Rigdon.. I will send forth then pass away;.. and

1841, extracts from a letter written and build up Kirtland, and it shall be Sidney Rigdon accepted the gospel

Kirtland to the his brother Hyrumby polished and bringing Kirtland, refined according to my near in Mentor, 1* littleword... -Saints. It is a but remarkable of twenty members with him about

known prophecy. the Church over which he presided.

Hyrum's prophecy was in harmony Many of the early leaders of the

All the Saints that dwell in that land are with a revelation received by Joseph Church were baptized at that time in commanded to come away... "Thus saith Smith a few months earlier in which Kirtland, including Edward Partridge,

moneys, therefore outthe Lord"; no pay instructed not was William Law Morley, Isaac Williams, to Frederick G. in that for properties houses, lands nornor Kirtland; to family his back move K. Whitney, Newel Murdock, John if lose will them, forcountry, do you you will Lord, I, the "... nevertheless,

shall shall not that Wight.for the come, time you and Lyman

possess them in peace, but shall be scourged *Numbcrs refer to bibliography at the end of article. (Continued on following page)

These pictures were taken at the time the original plaster was being removed from the exterior of the Kirtland Temple. An

attempt was made to duplicate the original plaster by using glass in the plaster when applying the new surface. Native Ohio

Sandstone was used by the pioneers in the building.

MAY 1956 305 did, but others were instructed by feathered. They were beaten viciousrevelation to remain in Kirtland until ly, and one man fell upon Joseph

a vital work had been accomplished. and scratched his entire body. A few

An allusion to this is found in the years later the Prophet still suffered

Doctrine and Covenants from an injury to his side received in that mobbing. The Prophet and

I, the will to retain Lord, a strong... his wife Emma, had adopted twins of in the Kirtland, land hold space for the

of five years, in the which I will not overwho were ill with the measles at the throw the wicked, that thereby I may save time of the mobbing. As a consesome. quence of exposure to the cold winter

And after that day, I, the Lord, will not air through open doors and broken shall guilty that hold any go with an died, apof the twins open windows, one

... (Italics the heart land of Zion. up to

parently of Rigpneumonia. Sidney

author's.) 64:2122.) (D & C

don was dragged by his feet in the

In a revelation dated June 1, 1833, mobbing incident and suffered severe the Lord revealed that one of the head injuries from the gravel and principal reasons why he had comfrozen ground. He was delirious for

manded the Saints to tarry in Kirtseveral days.

land was to build a temple in which While the trials were great, the "... I design to endow those whom blessings were among the most thrill-

I have chosen with power from on ing in the history of the Saints. There

high."(Ibid., 95:8.) were many instances of healings by

Building the temple was a fanthe power of God. Perhaps none is

tastically difficult job. They had to more impressive than the miraculous

cut their own stone, plane their own cure of the paralyzed arm of Mrs.

Hyrum Smith, second Patriarch to the lumber, weave their own curtains, and John Johnson. The miracle was perChurch and brother of the Prophet Joseph. carry out nearly every task in conformed in the presence of two minisverting raw materials into a structers, her husband, her physician, and

ture of great beauty. Only the glass others. According to one nonMor-

Hyrum's Prophecy for the windows was imported. The mon writer, the Prophet "held her

story is wellknown that the women palsied hand in his, and in a com- (Continued from preceding page) of the Church contributed of their manding, and solemn tone, said:

In January, nine months after the scarce dishes and other crockery to 'Woman, in the name of the Lord initial organization of the Church, have it broken up and mixed in the Jesus Christ, I command thee to be

Joseph Smith moved to Kirtland, plaster so that the temple would whole.'Then he turned abruptly

Ohio, in accordance with divine direcsparkle in the sun. Many of the and in silence left the room. Mrs.

tion. By then there were about one Saints gave all they possessed in Johnson moved her arm and found

hundred members in the vicinity. money, even mortgaging their homes it full of life and subject to her conSoon afterwards new converts were and lands. At times the temple control. Until the day of her death

arriving by the hundreds. From the struction had to be guarded night fifteen years afterward, she had the

first the Saints were given to underand day from enemies. same use of it as she had of her left

stand that Kirtland was not to be the Joseph Smith and his family underarm."2 The account of this occurrence

principal gathering place. Within six went great privations and persecu- "authenticated by unquestionable tesmonths they learned that the New tions during this period. While livtimony and reliable authority"is

Jerusalem was to be built in Mising at the home of John Johnson in given in at least two histories by nonsouri. In view of this knowledge, why Hiram (about thirty miles south of Mormon writers.

did they not all move immediately Kirtland) the Prophet and Sidney The Aaronic and Melchizedek to Jackson County, Missouri? Many Rigdon were seized by a mob in the priesthoods of the Church were remiddle of the night and tarred and stored in 1829. The Church was orInterior of the Cleveland Branch chapel with part of congreCleveland Branch Chapel dedicated by President David O. McKay

gation attending the dedicatory services. May 2, 1954.

306 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ganized at Fayette, New York, with

Joseph Smith as First Elder and

Oliver Cowdery as Second Elder. But

it was at Amherst, Ohio, near Kirtland, that the Prophet was first sustained as President of the high President David O.

priesthood, and prophet and seer. McKay at the dediThe first priesthood quorums were cationland Branchof the chapel.Clevealso organized here in, and in the

vicinity of, Kirtland, including the

First Presidency, Quorum of the

Twelve Apostles, First Quorum of the

Seventies, bishoprics, quorums of high priests, seventies, elders, priests, teachers,Stake—theandfirstdeacons.stake ofThetheKirtlandlatterday kingdom—was formed here by

revelation, and the first high council was established. The Kirtland period

was also the most prolific in the doctrinal development of the Church, exclusive of the coming forth of the

Book of Mormon. At least sixtytwo

revelations, or nearly half of those published in the Doctrine and Covenants, were received in this area.

Some of the important matters dealt with in these revelations are the ingly redoubled his efforts, and a brethren in Hyrum Smith's office and following: number of those in high places in resulted in the prophecy quoted. It

the Church apostatized. It is well to was signed by Hyrum Smith as

Law of consecration note that perhaps his most effective "Patriarch for the whole Church."

Three degrees of glory weapon was the spirit of wild finanLet us now examine the evidence

Prediction of the Civil War cial speculation that seized many, pertaining to the fulfilment of the of Wisdom Word Revelation on priesthood bringing an aftermath of mental defirst part of this prophecy.

bitter accusation. pression By the and gatherof of restoration the the keys The

... therefore nor moneys, out no pay of fury of close the the year Israel 1837 of ing

in that for houses, properties lands nor sealing of of restoration the keys the The apostates inspired opposition by mob if lose will for them, country, you you do living for the ordinances dead and the Rigdon, Prophet, forced Sidney the peace, in for shall possess not them you and Brigham Young to move to Misbut shall be scourged with a sore scourge....

In addition, the book of Abraham souri. In July 1838 over five hundred

was translated during this period, and of the Saints moved in one group. We do not know what reception

considerable attention was given to a Hyrum's prophecy received in Kirtrevision of the Bible through divine For some time the main body of land at first, but only a short time inspiration. the Church, then in Missouri, was later the members there had reason

persecution. to subjected The mob it afterthe to sober thought. give On spiritual all of glorious the Most of Saints arrival Kirtland masse the en a of 4, tornado 1842, February noon of period the Kirtland and blessings eyes in the situation the aggravated pointed of the and heavens out swept of entire the history in the perhaps spirit. of the those with They mob at neighboring finger Kirtland a and events Saints the were Latterday to L. Boggs Governor goaded W. barns were townships. Houses and of the dedication the surrounding that order issue his "The infamous child In Kirtland demolished. one 1836. 27, Kirtland on March Temple or exterminated be must Mormons killed, Presbythe reported and was of truly Pente- a day was dayThe.".. state. the driven from The terian Acchurch down. was blown enas ones"cost were the "chosen obliged soon were members Church flashes rain, hail, "vivid by companied high. In from power on withdowed of Illinois flee leaving to to much of claps lightning, of severe and Eliza eyewitness, of the words an to their spoils opas their property

it fear- a been thunder,"must have R. Snow, Illdestitute. pressors. were Many timsight. the places "In some some

spirits the depressed ness death and the leveled completely ber with was of that dedication ceremonies may The set out Saints. so, they of the Even can language mortal trees, rehearsed, but no be even apple ground, some and

describe the heavenly manifestations of that to build Nauvoo, "The Beautiful,"that had weathered the storms of to some, day. Angels appeared temple to the Lord on another memorable and years, were torn up by the many realized presence sense of divine was while a of old Commerce. the site.."4. roots. filled heart present, was each and by all

with "joy inexpressible and full of glory."3 Such was the situation when a Shortly thereafter, Apostle Lyman

letter was received from Kirtland Wight visited Kirtland on a mission

The period of five years in which which indicated a desire of the memto reclaim as many as possible of the the Lord willed "to retain a strong bers remaining there to take certain members who had hitherto ignored hold in the land of Kirtland"came measures to build up that stake. This counsel. Many listened, and he reto an end. Now the adversary seemwas discussed with the presiding confirmed on page 340)

MAY 1956 307 There Were; Jaredtfes

by Dr. Hugh Nibley

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Facsimile No. 1 from the Book of Abraham in the Pearl of Great Price. of thine arm, after Seker, chief of the

Pdwsh, has purified thee, and conthee (Pyr. to thy throne.'1472athis: ducts 695bff.) of N.'(Pyr. And iv EGYPT REVISITED bench 1477d; 654a657e; 129 la1279 1293a; of cupbearer Horus, 'O Wrka-f,

business of running from castle chief of the diningpavilion (or tent) d-e, etc.). As the formal act of acThis to castle for weekend visits is of Re, chef (or cook) to Ptah, give ceptance into the family, the guest is

certainly in the heroic tradition,"generously to N.; N. eats as much as 'raised up'and told to sit and eat."

Blank observed. thou givest, a generous portion of his (Pyr. 1356a1357b.)

"That was recognized long ago,"meat!'(Pyr. 560a-c; 566a-c.) Even "Right out of the seventh book of

said Schwulst; "the first Egyptologist so would a Medieval baron instruct the Odyssey!"cried F. with delight.

called the system feudal. Even in its his seneschal to regale a noble guest? "And the sixth of the Iliad,"Blank

details it seems to come right out of Hospitality is the first law of any appended. "Do you remember where

Homer. 51 There is the same tremenheroic society. What could be more Glaucus and Diomede tell how their

dous feasting on bread, beer, and Homeric, for example, than the greetancestors used to visit each other's quivering chines of beef 'Arise, O N., ing of the noble traveler at the palace castles, and recall the story of Bellerobe seated before a thousand loaves, porch by a princess of the house, who phon's romantic wanderings? Do we

a thousand mugs of beer; the roast sees to it that the proper jars of bath have anything in Egypt like the sys-

... from the slaughteringbench, the water are provided for the weary tem of feudal alliances described in

rthbrea.d from the broad hall... guest? Or the way in which that the Bellerophon story, Professor SchThou art come... among spirits guest, after being bathed and perwulst?"

mighty in his domains, protected by fumed, is clothed in a fine garment "Indeed we do,"the other replied.

the Ennead in the house of the great and seated in a place of honor? (Pyr. "The whole society is a system of

prince.'"(Pyr. 214b215b.) 1180b1182d.) Or the way he is forsuch alliances between great houses

"Positively Germanic,"Professor mally received in the great hall: the personal and family ties. A network

F. murmured, "even including the big double doors swing open to the of busy messengers carrying invitaholy Nine."honored visitor and all the housetions, letters of recommendation,

"And notice that the menu is idenhold—especially the young ladies, complaints, and felicitations, keeps the

tical with that found according to who seem, as in Homer, to be a tragreat houses in constant touch with

Chadwick in all his epic societies,"ditional greeting committee—utter each other. All important people are

Blank added, "regardless of differformal but cheery greetings of 'Come bound by ties of blood and spend a ences of climate and geography."in peace,'while the lady of the house good deal of time paying formal vis-

"Here is another,"said Schwulst. comes forward smiling and takes both its to one another's palaces. In this

"'... great lord of food in Heliopolis, his hands or leads him on her arm aristocratic circle one must be acmayest thou give bread to N., beer into the room (Pyr. 1343c1345f), or cepted; one cannot force or bribe

to N.... refresh the slaughteringelse the great lord himself 'takes hold one's way into a great house: 'Disown

308 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA not N., O god; for thou knowest him withdraw. Carry him.'(Pyr. 1338bhunt and the roundup. A noble

and he knows thee.... N. is not c)// wants a good word spoken to the

come of himself. It is a messenger "That 'withdrawing'business inking on his behalf 'to cause food to

who has come to him (with an invitaterests me,"said Blank, thinking of grow for his diningpavilion on tion)... the palace of the Great canmany passages in Ether. "... is there earth'—it is done for him, not by

not ward him off.... Behold, thereevidence that people withdrew their him. The king himself, on his endfore, N. has attained the heights of support from a lord and went over less progress, deigns to notice the

heaven.'(Pyr. 327aff.) Here the to another?"harvest in passing, but he keeps movsocial pattern is transferred to heav- "Lots of it. Like all feudal soing: 'The earth has been hoed for

enly realms, but everywhere the cieties, this one was chronically unthee, the wdn.t offering has been

earthly counterpart shows through: 55 stable; great houses bid competitively made for thee; as thou goest on thy

their followers father messengers of thy'The turn are for and beg the gods go, whereon thou people to way

.. (Pyr. stay see this offering. 645c647d.).'! (Pyr. course, with them."go thy andcome for thee...

purify thyself... that thou mayest There is constant mention of broken 817a818a.)

be at the side of the god; that thou allegiances and bloody feuding. Take "So the Egyptian lords behave as

mayest leave thy house to thy this warning, for example: 'Any god normal heroes."

son....'(Pyr. 136bff.) To be acwho puts out his arm (menacingly) "In every particular. The single

cepted is to be a fullfledged member... when H. calls to thee on behalf combat figures conspicuously and, exof the household: 'Horus has grown of his person... he shall have no actly as in other heroic societies, folfond of thee; he cannot part from bread; he shall have no cake among lows strict rules of chivalry. Every

thee... thou hast united thyself his brothers, the gods; he shall send great chief must be ready at all times

. (i.e., of his doors those.. the double thewith message body no famhis his to defend rank and honor:

...ily), for shall him. thee. loved opened they have not be Geb his accepts ("takes...''He on") ophas noted thy character; he has put (Pyr. 484a485c.) Note the feeling ponent and stands up, the great chief

thee in thy place. Geb has brought of tension and jealousy."in his great kingdom,'to defend his

to thee thy two sisters, to thy side. "A strange penalty,"F. comclaim to dominion (Pyr. 202a203b);

... Horus has caused the gods to mented. the challenger boasts of his superior

thee, fraternize tounite with every that "It withholds the things with skill in style: epic accepted 'He came

'.. of inthee desires: thy. cake, of the shade, 'He two gentleman name thee; against kill said he he would

...'(Pyr. -palaces. tosnw-t baths, a leg the 576c577d.) of meat, have and it thee. is killed has thee; not He "for identified this that him.'earth or be (Pyr. 1322-3.) with hoedTo kill wilt thou him. holdest who Thou

palace is to be a made man, for you "Just like Homer's Phaeacians!"thine own against him, as the surhave the whole house to back you Blank laughed. "The model citizens viving bull of the wild bulls.'(Pyr.

against your enemies (Pyr. 648dof the heroic age! They never 944a -c.) In the correct epic tradi650a); if you can call yourself 'one farmed, either."tion, when one hero is bested by anof the royal castle,'you can count "There is farming going on all other, his followers give up the fight:

on 'the children of Horus'to fight around, as in the heroic world every- 'His followers have noticed thee how your battles. (Pyr. 640b; 643b-c; where, but important people take no thy strength is greater than his so

651b653d.) The head of the house part in it. The gentleman is depicted that they dare not resist thee.'

orders his people to respect whom he in his tomb as inspecting the activi- (Pyr. 588b-c.) Actually the classic

ties fieldrespects: of his of never workers, 'Children put but Horus, he all is prototype of heroic combats

50 let other Osiris a tool. touchesyourselves N., hand, under this On the fight Egyptian: the between the

there be none among you who shall he proudly takes the lead in the brothers Set and Osiris (or Horus in some versions) for the possession of the kingdom. Since liegeman and lord

were bound by solemn oaths of mutual support, one combat leads to another: T have killed for thee him

who killed thee as a wild bull,'boasts one hero, avenging his lord as Horus did his father Osiris. (Pyr. 1544bff.)

'Thoth has seized thine enemy for thee; so that he is beheaded with his

followers; there is not one whom he

has spared.'(Pyr. 635c-d.) You can

see how these oaths and alliances lead to wars of extermination: 'Horus has

caused Thoth to bring thine enemy to thee; he has placed thee upon his

back, so that he dare not resist thee.

Sit down on him... for thou art

mightier than he; do evil to him....'

(Pyr. 651bff.) It is not a pretty picture, but it is a convincing one."

Facsimile No. 3 from the Book of Abraham in the Pearl of Great Price. (Continued on following page)

MAY 1956 309 "And where does the throne come net's article on Egyptian coronationsThere Were Jaredites in?"says that the king is depicted 'some-

(Continued from preceding page) "It is apparently by the act of times standing, sometimes sitting on "And a very Jareditish one,"said sitting on the king's throne that one the throne, sometimes kneeling beBlank, "but didn't kingworship put becomes a Rp't. According to a wellfore it."66 Lepsius has a beautiful

Pharaoh above the storm, so to known formula, Osiris sets every man reproduction of the newly crowned speak?"on the throne of his father exactly as Pharaoh seated on a throne immehis set his father diately paternal that of idenRe him on below Atum and it! earliest "Far from the From 00 it. 07 tical in throne the beginning. the In with ways Whoever manytimes the his king to share had power

with others, both because they wanted sat on the throne of Geb became artists have succeeded in conveying it and because he needed their help thereby the heir, representative, and with clarity and majesty the idea of in the administration of farflung doembodiment of 'the fathers'or 'the the identity of the king on his throne mains. Recently Professor Helck has ancestors.'01 The man who sits on with the god on his. 'Thou doest

called attention in the very earliest the throne is identical with his predwhat Osiris does,'says a Pyramid text, his 'because symand thou art he who is on successor—not writing, of Egyptianmonument the ecessor "8 bolically throne.'(Pyr. 757his actually."butfamous palette to a figure of Narmer,

wearing among other things a gar764.) "Here is a picture,"said Blank,

ment of skins, the unmistakable "Then really there is no succesproducing with considerable nervousbadge, according to Helck, of royal sion at all,"said F. puzzled. ness a battered Pearl of Great Price

priesthood and authority; since this "This business of identity is hard opened to Facsimile No. 3 in the book

person is not the king, it is argued, for us to understand, but it was basic of Abraham, "which some claim to is not Pharaohhe is one to whom royal authority with the Egyptians. In the Book of represent a man who

I supposehas been delegated. In the beginning, the Dead the deceased who has his that makes him a Rp't,

Dr. Helck says, '... only the King resurrection assured becomes thereby sitting on the royal throne 'by politemay give orders, by virtue of his not merely like Osiris he is Osiris. In ness of the king,'and bearing the

power to rule all things as the highthe case of Rp't on the throne, for emblems of royal authority. Pharaoh

example, that person 'cannot possibly and his son, the rightful Rp't, areest Weltgott,'that is, he alone holds all priesthood and kingship. Therebe portrayed,'according to Helck, bestanding by and instructing one of

fore, anyone to whom his power was cause the only person who can postheir princely subjects to show loaned enjoyed unique authority, sibly sit on the throne is the king obeisance to the man on the throne."

'mightier than other princes,'and all himself, therefore 'in his place the Schwulst took the picture and

King himself must be depicted, who of looked at it hard. "He is wearing thethrough the old kingdom the great

as the course mounts throne his own Atef crown,"he said, "the oldest andlords strove to acquire that power for 69 successor.'really 02 So 57 you were not holiest of Pharaoh's crowns. manythemselves."

said there wrong you when was it big feathers The two are on all at succession "How could they get it?"Blank nofar in of sense our of spirit truth, emblems the andasked.

is the self: word: the the king's Rp't of symbols oldest the Shu, and most

"Through a peculiar ordinance anybody else would be a usurper. 'spiritual'of the gods, and of Maat,

which is the subject of Helck's reThere is one thing that bothers Helck who is truth itself. 70 The Heqatmarkable study, called 'Rp't on the a good deal, and that is that the sceptre he is holding is indeed 'the

Throne of Geb.'Rp't authority seems to come strictly scepter of justice and judgment,'

"The study or the ordinance?"through the female line. He finds it that Osiris must always hold when

"Both. Geb 'represents the primal hard to believe that Pharaoh should he sits in judgment. The throne itancestor from whom the King realways have had his authority self is strictly in order, and so is the

ceives his testament,'and from whom through women, and yet there is no lotus flower before the throne, signiall authority is ultimately derived, evidence that it was otherwise."03 fying, as it often does, that this takes

while 'Rp't designates the son of the "Wasn't it the title of nebty, 'The place in Egypt. 71 Is this a recent

King who receives his father's testaTwo Ladies'that gave the king his explanation?"

ment as successor to his throne and authority after all?"asked Blank. "It is a century and a quarter old,"

who seizes the rule.'In prehistoric "Yes, that was his indispensable said Blank.

tradition Horus is the Rp't of Osiris, title to rule. According to Gardiner "It is rather quaint,"Professor F.

title identias 'displays that earliest the kingand in the of all times Geb fool commented. for can see, "Any

58 his inhimself the with two the Rp't was own person of Atum. But fied example, that figures the called

this was not originally a fatherto- principal goddesses of the period imPharaoh and his son are women."

son relationship, but rather an ordimediately preceding Dyn. I...,'04 "Yes,"Mr. Blank countered, "a

nance of adoption. Helck believes the Though the Rp't was a man, the ofmyopic moron could see that, and

title itself fice Rp't at first 'Ibispower'the 'designawas the was which that It it is so remarkable. is why 65 oftion strictly substitute the in belongs king the Sedto women."is plainly intentional: when a Pharfestival,'and from that at a later "I find this most significant,"said aoh dressed like a woman and had

time 'was derived, apparently at the Mr. Blank. "How would you reprehimself depicted as one 'he by his

beginning of the third dynasty, the sent Pharaoh allowing someone else woman's body honored his god, the idea of the King's son as Rp't, who in to sit on his throne and enjoy his mother who had brought forth all particular assignments could give authority after the manner of Geb?"the universe.'71 A Roman emperor

royal commands as the King's substi- "One might answer that from a adopting Egyptian customs had himtute (Stellvertreter).'"number of coronation scenes. Bon- (Continued on page 334)

310 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA View of the Brigham Young University campus from the air.

THE STORY OFBYU LEADERSHIP WEEK

Dr. Ernest L. Wilkinson, by Richard Hirtzel

Administrator of Board of Education and President of Brigham Young University.

in together, Saints labored adults from the sponsored MILLION by the THIRTY FOUR The universityOVER of lifted the atmosphere are taking in an Latterday States the United Saint Church many stakes, some kind of organized course values of a liberal education out of love and fellowship, and to give those of study—mostly of a technical, vocathe talking stage thirtyfour years in attendance spiritual as well as

tional or recreational nature—in their ago with an action program of adult academic stimulation and training,

spare time.* education. and a taste of the offerings of the uniFarmers, teachers, businessmen, The Prophet Joseph Smith believed versity.

professional people, homemakers, and that mature Latterday Saints should On December 9, 1921, President parents by the thousands are knockalso be schooled in the arts and sciHarris submitted to the executive coming on the doors of universities and ences as well as being skilled in the mittee of the Board of Trustees of colleges. What they want are the performance of their assignments the university the plan for the first

values found in a liberal education. within the Church. Leadership Week, to be held JanuBut this tremendous surge does It was with these thoughts and ary 2328, 1922 in the winter, so that

more than provide these values. It concepts in mind that President those from the rural areas might betthunders out the great truth, that the Franklin S. Harris in the first year ter avail themselves of the opportunity

process of learning is lifelong and of his administration as president of when the farms least needed attendbears witness of the value and place Brigham Young University began coning.

of the liberal arts in training leaders sidering holding an annual Church Lowry Nelson, first director of the for responsibility in a great demoLeadership Week at the University extension division, was designated to cratic country. a program to bring to the "Y"in reformulate the program with the asunion old friends and acquaintances, sistance of the general committee for *Annual Report 195455, The Fund For

Adult Education, p. 9. former missionaries who served and {Continued on following page)

MAY 1956 311

(left), ini- S. Harris Dr. Franklin who

: 'tiated the Leadership program, and WeekThe Story of BYU

Dr. Lowry Nelson who directed the first

leadership Week Leadership Week.

(Continued from preceding page)

Leadership Week. The committee

consisted of Harrison R. Merrill, E. L.

Roberts, William H. Boyle, H. M.

Woodward, and Ethel Carter. A wide

variety of departments was organized, both in Church and academic pursuits, with the belief that the best

Latterday Saints are wellrounded ones. Scout and Bee Hive activities

were supervised by Carl F. Eyring

who has since had the posthumous honor of having the largest classroom building on campus named after him-—the Eyring Center. Ernest

Partridge was named to head the genealogy and temple work sessions;

J. W. Robinson, the Sunday School;

and Benjamin F. Cummings, the MIA

training. Among the other divisions

(Continued on page 366)

Some of the Leadership Week workers in 1928, left to right, first row: Laval S. Morris,

Lowry Nelson, Thomas L. Martin, T. Earl Pardoe, A. N. Merrill, and George H. Brimhall.

Second row: Murray O. Hayes, Thomas C. Romney, William J. Snow, Elsie C. Carroll,

Current coordinators of Leadership Week, John C. Swenson. Third row, Edgar M. Jensen, George H. Hansen, Vasco M. Tanner,

Dr. Harold Glen Clark, right, and Dr. Lynn M. Wilford Paulsen, T. Lynn Smith, Clawson Y. Cannon, Harrison R. Merrill. Fourth

M. Hilton. row: Wm. H. Boyle, Donald P. Lloyd.

Leadership Week workers for 1956, left to right, first row: W. Cleon Skousen, Ross T. Christensen, Lynn M. Hilton, Mary A.

Krider, Mrs. J. Orval Ellsworth, Mrs. Ernest L. Wilkinson, Evelyn Cozzens, Lula Clegg, Wetzel O. Whitaker, Ariel L. Williams.

Second row: Albert L. Fisher, Gladys Doughty, Blaine Porter, Harvey L. Taylor, Howard T. Reid, Lt. Col. Rulon Blake, Hattie

Knight, Loree Brown, Norman Gulbrandsen, Reed H. Bradford, J. Orval Ellsworth, Wells Cloward, Clarence Tyndall. Third row:

Royal Stone, B. West Belnap, Leonard Christensen, A. John Clark, Harold Glen Clark, Neil McKnight, Ernest Reimschiissel, Ellis

T. Rasmussen, Robert Hellewell, Francis Boyer, Ed. Butterworth, Orrin H. Jackson, Harold R. Clark, Dick Hales, J. Roman Andrus,

Max Rogers.

3] THE IMPROVEMENT ERA As hisJedmotherthoughtand ofbrothershis homeand andsisters, a surge of homesickness swept over him. Why not go to San

Francisco and take a ship for home?

He dwelt on this idea lovingly. He by President S. Dilwortb Young

could see in his mind his mother's OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY anxious face suddenly transfigured with joy as he entered the room without warning. She had probably given

him up for dead by now. He would Part VII

surprise her! Then he remembered Adventurehis last difficulties with ships. These

were very recent, harsh memories, and he could not quite bring himself to seek that method of travel to get and a young mans conversion home.

On the other hand, here were his said also lived Sometimes the rode that along with on had he Jed other andfriends—Standage,

trails the Standage the continent toward up been dim American had and of themembers Cox,Battalion—with

of or mountains. times historian rode record keeper Other he an imate. the slept and and he workedwhom

Each man was a close companion; with Cox at the rear and helped keep mense nation of people who had

each man treating him well and with the horses from straying. At all times known Christ, and that his father

respect. He would stay with Standhe was happy because there was a had written a history of these people.

age! Standage had offered him progood deal of freedom allowed in their After a period of preparation, lasting

visions and a horse on which to travel. Night and morning prayers four years, Joseph Smith was given

ride. He would go to the Rocky were said. the plates by the angel and an instruATountains and see what these Morment to help him translate them

mons were like! Jed luxuriated in the joy of riding. called the Urim and Thummim, used

He sought Standage. "I've made When he had joined the Battalion anciently to translate records and

up my mind,"he said. "I think I'll in Santa Fe, his daily lot had been commune with God the Father. It

go with you, and I'll do my best to to harness himself to a rope and to consisted of two clear stones set in a help."pull wagons through sand, dust, and bow and fastened to an ancient

"You can be a great deal of help, mud. Now he was riding a horse, plate. Joseph Smith received these

and we'll all be glad to have you go. temporarily his own, having no wagthings and took them home. By the

We'll have to arrange to get provions to drag. He thought how differgift and the power of Almighty God,

sions and see that our horses are ent these men were from other men. he dictated them to a man by the

shod. We have to get pack saddles He had seen them praying as they name of Oliver Cowdery, who became

and pack equipment, we need enough were grouped around their campfires his chief assistant. When he finished

blankets to keep us warm, and cookand asking help of a Bemg to whom dictating, he discovered that the name ing utensils. I'll get you a good gun theY seemed to feel very close. He of the book, containing a history of

and buy a supply of lead and a mold wondered about many things. He the people on this land—the ancient

to run the bullets, and some powder spurred his horse and reached Standpeople who became the Indians so you can shoot game and protect agc and abruptly opened the conver was the Book of Mormon. The father

yourself."sation. "Standage, why do they call of the angel was named Mormon,

The next two weeks were full of you men Mormons?"and it was he who had made the

activity for Jed Colby. Under Stand- "Well, rightly,"said Standage, "our record.

age's guidance he was able to prename is not 'Mormons.'Our true "Joseph Smith published the book,

pare for the trip. name is the Church of Jesus Christ of and after that when anybody beOne morning in the spring, with Latterday Saints. And why are we lieved and accepted the Book of Morthe mocking birds making happy called Mormons? I told you some mon and joined the Church of Jesus

music in the oak trees, Standage gave time ago that Joseph Smith saw in a Christ of Latterday Saints, people the command to mount. Jed threw vision our Heavenly Father and his called them Mormons. So we are

his leg across the saddle, gathered up Son, Jesus Christ. Three years after called Mormons, but it is only a

the reins, and clucked to his horse. that occurred, one night there came nickname. Would you like to read

The little cavalcade moved off through to Joseph Smith in a vision an angel the Book of Mormon?"

the valley toward the north. who said his name was Moroni. He Jed was curious to see this book

that had been given to the Mormons bv an angel, and he promptly said,

SYNOPSIS "Yes."

"When I unload my pack tonight, to sea, shanghaied lands Young from Jed Colby, taken London and near I'll let you take my copy. I want to is lost Republic, after his Galveston, ship Texas storm. in a he finds There

an army scouting party who befriend him and take him to Santa Fe. Meettell you, my boy, that it is a true

ing members of the Mormon Battalion there, he decides to travel farther story of the ancient American Indians, has the west of action. seen with principles gospel in some them. Jed The

is Battalion up, enlistment his in and if you will read it with a pure friends to visit invited and has been Jed the Rocky Mountains. heart and ask God the Father to re-

(Continued on following page) MAY 1956 313 Fort Sutter in 1846, from an oil painting by M. Valencia.

"Well, how are they wrong?"said thing for me, and I want to think

High Adventure Jed. about it. Ever since I was a small

(Continued from preceding page) "Let me illustrate just one thing. boy my mother has taught me that

veal to you its truth, he will show Have you ever read the Bible?"God and the Savior and the Holy

are the Ghost Being one and same said that he had, a little. is true hisyou it by Holy Spirit. You Jed

fill Person, yet the they imand will it."it as read you reading in know you remember "Do

of mensity space form. have and no

'Acts'that Savior the up; taken was the to "Did angel Joseph come told ago awhile "Quite you me

received of their cloud and a out him said thatSmith time?"than more that his your when prophet—what's sight. steadwhile looked they AndJed.

vision, a name, Joseph Smith?—had fastly as toward up, he heaven went "Yes,"replied Standage, came "he in this vision Father, the and he saw

behold in stood two by them menonce until year years the each four the Everlasting Father, the God said, also apparel; white Ye Which after passed.had again he Then came his Christ, Father and Jesus Son who of Galilee, gazing stand ye men why transfinished the Smith hadJoseph I like in persons were form two man,

into this heaven? Jesus, up same oflation record, the and Smith Joseph did not to think. what know Now

is taken into which from you up togave record the the back Angel all telling are that the you me like shall so in heaven, manner, come told thatMoroni. Smith Joseph He churches personality the taught have

the time had come for the gospel to as ye have seen him go into heaven? of the Father and Son wrong and

be restored and for the power of "Now in spite of the very plain that Joseph corrected them. I want

God to be manifested once more statement of that particular scripto know more about it, but I want to among men."ture, the churches today say that think about this."

"Once more?"asked Jed. "Hasn't Jesus was a manifestation. That is, The afternoon wore on; the dust

it always been manifested among he was an earthly appearance of God kicked up by the ponies'feet enmen?"who has no body and no form and veloped them in heavy clouds. The

"No,"replied Standage, "it hasn't. dwells everywhere and has all power, sun was sinking low in the west when

Men have thought they had the true and yet one can't see him or see what Standage called a halt by a clear gospel, but they did not. There was he is like. The scriptures say that stream of water which flowed through

a great apostatizing from the way of Jesus'body was resurrected from the a grove of immense oak trees. The

the Lord. About two hundred years tomb, and when he was resurrected surrounding territory all about them

after Christ's resurrection, nobody on he went into heaven, and they saw was free of vegetation except for an earth had the right to preach the his body ascend to heaven. Later on, occasional grove of trees.

gospel. But men claimed they had men said that Christ and the Father "We'll stop until dark,"said Standthe right, and so they preached what are the same great force, but do not age. "As soon as it gets dark, we'll

they thought was the gospel, and have any form. That is only one move on for a mile so that the Inother men believed them, and so the example, Jed; there are a great many. dians will not be able to find us by

churches of the day have been kept Let me give you another one."the smell of our campfire. Let the

going through the years, but they did "Let me think about this one for ponies eat all they can while they not have the right to say these things awhile, Standage, before you give me are resting, for we will have to picket in behalf of Jesus Christ the Lord."any more,"said Jed. "This is a new them when we get to the sleeping

314 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

grounds. Jed, it's your turn to preThey had been told that Sutter Sutter supplied them with axes and

pare supper."was building a fort and a sawmill and shovels, saws and planes, and showed

Jed built a fire from the dried oak was in need of men. The company them where to work. Soon they were

twigs lying on the ground and with of Mormon soldiers needed money to merrily at it, sawing wood, hewing his ax broke up some larger pieces. gain provisions to make the last long corners of logs to make tight joints

Then he took out the large frying ride to the Rockies where they exfor the building; some were digging

pan and quickly made up a meal of pected to meet their families. The in the millrace; and all were happy

salt pork and corn cakes. Hungrily news that they might obtain work was that they had found means to conthe men devoured the food, their welcome indeed. tinue their journey.

appetites making it taste extra good. Now they were approaching the

After the cleaning up had been clearing which must be Sutter's Fort. Cutter employed a large crew of

finished, Standage motioned Jed to There stood the log building freshly men to work on his mill, and it come where he was, lying under a made, and a short distance away was looked as if the mill would be finished tree reading his Bible. "Let's sit un- a partly finished structure with a within a month or two. After they

der this tree, Jed, and let me read to long ditch leading toward it. had been working at it for about a

you what I was talking about this They pulled up to the hitching month, one afternoon Jed went to the afternoon."Standage pointed to two rail, tied up their horses, and walked mill office to draw provisions for the

books, the King James Bible and the into the office or the fort. A tall, men. While he waited for Mr. Sutter

Book of Mormon. "You put this distinguishedlooking man arose to to prepare the groceries, one of the

Book of Mormon in your pack, and meet them. men who had been working on the

whenever you have time, you read Standage put out his hand. "My millrace entered. He had a wild

it. It will do you good, and you will name is Standage,"he said. "I pregleam in his eye, and he carried in

understand us better then."sume you are Mr. Sutter?"his hand a small buckskin sack.

"That's right,"came the reply. "Could I have a word with you,-

"T|arkness""Put outfell onthethefire,camp.Jed,"said "What"I understandcan I do thatfor you?"you are looking Mr."Why,Sutter?"yes, Marshall."

Standage. for men to help build your sawmill. With a dramatic gesture Marshall

Jed carried water in the camp We're heading east to the mounemptied his buckskin sack onto the bucket and doused the red embers. tains, and we need some work to counter. "What do you make of

The men silently and quietly brought gain provisions. If you can give us these, Mr. Sutter? It looks like gold

in the horses, each one saddled his work,55 we'll be glad to hire out to to me. Can you tell gold?"

own mount, and helped saddle and you. Sutter said, "It looks like gold to

arrange the duffel packs on the pack "That I can, if you are good workme, but I've seen fool's gold before, animals. Then they all mounted, and men."and I don't want to be deceived.

with Standage in the lead and Cox "We are good workmen,"said Suppose we make a test."

bringing up the rear, they silently Standage. He took a hammer and a flat piece

drifted away in the darkness. After "I'll hire you on one basis only,"of iron. He laid the piece of ore on

a halfhour of travel, Standage said, said Sutter. "If you work with me, the iron. With the hammer he struck

"I guess this will do."They were on you must agree to stay with me until several blows. The metal merely

a little ridge overlooking a small the sawmill is finished and the mill flattened out and got thinner the valley. is in operation."more he pounded.

"We will go down in the valley "That we will,"said Standage. "It's gold all right,"said Sutter.

where we will not be silhouetted "Then it's a deal,"said Sutter. "Where did you find it?"

against the sky.""When will you start?""I was digging dirt out of the millInto the little depression they rode. "Soon as we can put our gear race, and there where the water had

Standage called a halt. Each man away. Where do you want us to go?"been running and washed all the

unsaddled his horse without talking, "There is a bunkhouse behind this loose mud out, in the clear gravel and attached long picket ropes to the building,"said Sutter. "You may stay I saw this yellow gleam. I picked

horses'necks. Then taking the horses there."these pieces out of it."

out about forty yards from where "You could become rich, Marshall, they were standing, each man drove and so could we all. Suppose you say

a peg in the ground and tied his aninothing about it to the men until we mal securely with about fifty feet of find out how rich the finding is and rope on which to move and feed. where it came from."

One of the men was appointed to "That's agreeable with me,"said stand guard for half the night. The Marshall.

remainder sought their blankets, and "We'll talk some more tomorrow,"soon there was quiet over the camp said Sutter.

as tired men slept a wellearned But the word got out, and before sleep. morning the camp was ablaze with

excitement. By noon not a man of

TThe little cavalcade of men inthe work crew remained with Sutter.

-"- eluding Jed Colby wound its way All were busy packing to go out to along the banks and through the—pan gold.

trees of the American River. Sutter's Mill, from an old print. (To be concluded)

MAY 1956 315 cities. She had been looking forward

to her retirement almost with the same longing that she looked toward her house after the long hot walk through the dusty town. She looked

at herself in the mirror. It was not

too dark to observe the thin, straight mouth, the long, thin upper lip, the cool light blue 'eyes. She examined

herself with her habitual honesty she did not want to teach a large class of illbehaved, noisy, twelveyear-old boys in Sunday School.

She went out into the small, immaculate kitchen in the back of the house and took down one of her best china dessert dishes. She cut a slice

of date nut bread and then poured cold lemonade from the refrigerator.

She sat at the kitchen table chewing slowly, loving the tart sips of the lemonade. So many of the younger

people made lemonade with too much sugar. But that wasn't as bad as

those who used artificial flavoring.

She disapproved of artificial punch.

Nearly everywhere you went you were served that instead of delicious, healthgiving fruit juices. She was

deliberately encouraging her mind to wander, she reproved herself. She did

not want to do any soulexamining this hot July night.

The night breeze rattled her window blind. This was part of the problem, but this was not the real problem.

She remembered when her boy Ben had been nine and had come home from Sunday School fired with enthusiasm. "We have the most wonderful teacher in my new class,

Mother! It's Sister Wilkins; only she

says she wants all of us to call her

Aunt Kate. We're going to have a

real hayride party if we don't miss

She felt a sudden hollowness in her stomach, She was going to try to change thirtyfive years of habits on Sunday.

Dubious Teacher by Deone R. Sutherland

pRS. Sharp unlocked the front door Mary Sharp had been a widow for one Sunday School this month. Oh,

to her small frame house with almost forty years. Thirtyfive of Mother, she's really swell."

relief. It was hot summer, and those years she had spent teaching at Mary Sharp's thoughts went back.Mshe had been kept late after church Hamilton High School. She leaned She could picture the astonishment

talking to the bishop and the superintoward the tall, thin mirror in the from anyone who had been in her tendent of the Sunday School. She hall and slipped the hatpin out of classes over the past thirtyfive years

could almost enjoy the cool rush of the back of her hat. Her two sons if she had suggested he call her Aunt

air from the shadedrawn rooms if and daughter had grown up in those Mary! She had to be honest—had

that talk were not gnawing fretfully years and finished college. Now they she ever had a student who really

at the back of her mind. had families of their own in nearby she paused in her mind before saying

316 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA such a ridiculously sentimental thing on Tuesday and forced her mind to he hoped the boys would be on their

If this was their best,—loved her? It was no use! Her forget the Sunday lesson. On Wedbest behavior.

relationships over the years had been nesday she had three letters. Both never in this world did Sister Sharp

impersonal and businesslike. They the boys'letters contained checks. hope to see their worst. She forced

had had to be, she had discovered There was no need for that, Sister the last ounce of sweetness she could long ago, so that she might keep Sharp shook her head. She would muster in attempting to give the lesorder. Without order there was chaos. deposit them as usual at the bank, son. The roar became deafening. The

And with chaos nothing was learned but her retirement was adeauate for one or two boys at the front who—no life was prepared to be met, no her needs. She had learned to live tried to listen were nudged or pushed

character was formed unless one frugally over the years, and it was from behind. There was no question

learned discipline. difficult to change now. She felt a of panel discussion. Sister Sharp

Of course she had told the bishop sudden hollowness in her stomach. talked bravely on, attempting to reand the superintendent of the SunShe was going to try to change thirtymind the boys where they were, using

day School that she would be happy five years of habits on Sunday. their first names warmly, treating

to teach the class. She had mentioned Sunday blasted into Mary Sharp's them as friends. She dared ask them

certain misgivings about her adebedroom with July ferocity. She shut no more questions. They used each

quacy, but Superintendent Black had her windows to the heat and prequestion not as an invitation to dispatted her on the back (he hadn't pared her grapefruit and milk for cussion, but as an invitation to show been one of her boys) and said, "With breakfast. Even without the occaoff a brand of humor that almost

your long experience as a teacher sional trembling of her hands, today shattered Sister Sharp's forbearance you'll have no trouble winning the would not be like any other day, she and resolves. Would the bell never

hearts of this group of rambunctious knew. deliver her?

boys. I'm sure you'll have no diffiSister Sharp took her place on the Superintendent Black was very

culty understanding them and loving second row of her boys'class. She apologetic after Sunday School. "The

them into the spirit to learn the nodded her head and smiled brightly boys have become somewhat out of gospel."at the boys whose faces she recoghand. The teachers have bribed them

Mary Sharp closed her eyes to the nized. There were nudging and whisinto coming, into taking part, and

night and tried to sleep. No, there pering and giggling, but Sister Sharp they act worse and worse."He symwas no question that Brother Black kept her smile pinned brightly to her pathized with her, but there was no

loved every member of his Sunday face as she nodded reprovingly at the suggestion that he was going to

School. She could see it in his kindly boys as the organ music swelled in release her from her position.

face. But here was a new teaching the chapel. Sister Sharp walked home from

assignment for her. She felt a moClassroom behavior was much Sunday School. She knew she had

ment's anxiety and uncertainty about the past thirtyfive years. Perhaps

she had failed after all. But her

spirits lifted as she thought of her own children. Certainly they were

upstanding, successful members of the

Church. Not one of them had ever

failed to do what was expected of him. She had loved them truly for

all her strictness. And she could

count substantial citizens among her students. But the uncertainty came

back. She was sure no student had

ever loved her or perhaps even liked her very much. There had been too

much to do each day. Then how

could she go on to this new kind of teaching—this Sunday School teaching. The feeling of certain failure

tuowd at her heart. Well, she would

try it the Sunday School way. She

would do her best; there was nothing

else that she could do. worse than Sister Sharp had imagfailed as a Sunday School teacher.

Mary Sharp spent the week making ined. Spitballs whanged the row of Well, if she must go on in this call,

a flannel board and preparing her pictures and loosened the Scotch tape. she would have to go on under Mary

lesson. She planned her pictures careSister Sharp cleared her throat and Sharp's terms. She looked down the

fully; she planned a panel discussion tried to smile her way into their list of names she had copied from the

to bring emphasis that this problem hearts. Not yet could she admit deroll. It would take her less than half

was not only something that hapfeat for the new character she had an hour to memorize that list. She

pened in Biblical times but was also created for herself during the week. entered her house and unfastened her

a problem to be faced today. She reBrother Black had escaped after the hat in front of the mirror. Her hair

laxed only at Relief Society meeting briefest of introductions. He had said (Continued on following page)

MAY 1956 317 DUBIOUS TEACHER studentsas some kindhad ofalwaysgranitethoughtpillar, itofcouldher (Continued from preceding page) fore were adroitly used to lead the not be helped."She would stay with

wisped wildly on the sides; there were discussion. The pictures and flannel the Sunday School class only until

shadows under her eyes. She went board emphasized her points, but she summer, a year that would be, and

down on her knees. She had tried; let the panel discussion questions go then she would ask to be released.

she had tried to be a loving teacher. until such a time as the class became She was too old to teach.

Now, she'd just have to be her old a unity. As spring broke the snow into

self, she knew. She felt a little more Three minutes before the bell, rivers of slush, she thought more

cheerful as she rose carefully and Mary Sharp laid down the rules for about resigning. It would be only

went to cook her small cutlet for deportment to and from class. The fair to give the superintendent

a fewlunch. two most reliable boys were given adequate warning—perhaps

Touring the second week Sister the position of leader. There were to months would be helpful to him. The

be no obvious signs of jubilation as Sunday before Mother's Day the su-"Sharp made an alphabetical seating arrangement, leaving a chair the bell announced the end of the perintendency used the prayer meetvacant between two boys wherever class period. ing to check on parts of the program.

she thought expedient. She didn't ex- "Well, now,"Brother Black manWhy, her own Justin Clark was givpect to have to use this seating aged an uncertain smile that was ing part of the program! She wonarrangement more than a week or meant to be hearty, "things go a little dered why he had not mentioned his

two at the most, but it would serve better for you today? Well, that's talk to her! Her spirits drooped as

as a beginning. As she prepared her fine. Of course, boys should enjoy she thought how many boys and girls

lesson, her old confidence and peace Sunday School, shouldn't they?"she must have failed over the years.

of mind returned. "Yes, they should"Mary Sharp reYes, today she would approach SuShe prepared her room as usual in marked dryly. perintendent Black about giving up

advance, and she enjoyed the prayer The attendance in Sister Sharp's the class. He would be relieved no

meeting thoroughly. Then she took class dropped sharply and then graddoubt. It would be better for the

her position on the second row of her ually climbed back to normal. There boys to have a younger, more lenient

class. One little urchin had the was not the slightest indication that teacher. Did she really believe that?

audacity to bound up to Sister Sharp, she would relent in any detail her Brother Black listened to her brief- "Did you come back to teach us insistence on perfect order in class, ly after Sunday School, then he again?"He shrank before the cold and gradually the boys began to lisbrushed her away almost curtly.

gaze of Sister Sharp and slid into the ten to the lessons. She was able to "Well, Sister Sharp, we'll talk about

seat she indicated with pointed finger. bring in men whose priesthood the it after next week. I've so many

The boys squirmed and nudged and boys respected and who Mary Sharp things on my mind to do with the giggled through the opening organ thought could present parts of lesprogram that I'm not just sure I unmusic as usual. But as soon as there sons in a cogent way. The class paid derstand what you're talking about."

was a lull in the music, Mrs. Sharp's respectful attention, and she kept She guessed he did have his mind

voice, low but clear, cut through the them so busy the time never seemed full of details concerning the Mother's chapel freezing each boy for a molong enough. She was a good teacher Day program. It was tactless to have

ment in his seat. "There will be no in that she knew just how long one mentioned her problem today. She'd

more noise from these two rows of activity would engage the interests wait another month and then hand boys during the opening exercises."of every boy, and she let the class in her resignation again.

The superintendent waited for a momove accordingly. f\N Mother's Day she awoke to a

by, occathe an passed weeks As collect his astonished toment of visitors. early morning flurry little briefly linger sional boy would the Sunthenthoughts; he opened children, three of her Ben, Each John,

class after side Sharp's and by Mary School.day their families with and Ann, came

lot toreally a "I learned murmur, their to directed were boys The in bursting before her she was upon new seats as they entered the classday,"or, "I really like this Sunday scarcely out of bed. Thank goodness

room. Mary's voice was quiet, but School class."she had no lesson to worry about this

she was positive no one would dispute To these comments Sister Sharp morning. Ann and her daughtersin-

its authority. Just once she had to merely nodded or answered dryly, law flurried about the kitchen fixing

waitfor a boy to thrash about and "Well, I'm glad that you do."Her her breakfast, and Ben pinned a beaustumble and giggle. Sister Sharp manner invited no further confidence tiful orchid to her shoulder. There

waited while the giggle grew hollow or comment. But the boys kept comwere other gifts, but they would have

and died away altogether before her ing to class, and finally the class beto wait until after Sunday School.

iceblue eyes. "You will sit here, gan to grow somewhat. Brother Black met her at the door.

Justin."The steel thread in Mary "We wondered if you'd mind sitting

Sharp's voice was not to be ignored. A t Christmas time there were the up with your class this morning even

The lesson was almost completely *- usual two or three cards in her though there's no lesson work?"

developed before an eye dropped from mail from members of the class whose "I have my family with me—

Mary Sharp's face. By that time she mothers insisted they send cards to "We'll be all right, Mother. We

had already started the question and all their teachers. She celebrated can sit in here."The boys pushed

discussion period. She knew boys and Christmas with her children and their her forward, and she took her usual

did not press her luck. The two boys families. "Her children loved her,"seat. She looked along the row at

who had tried to listen the week bethought Mary Sharp, "and if her (Concluded on page 351) 318 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA this mountain vigor,Thea piecedictionaryof grassydefinesland, aa fieldmeadowwhereas havetouch,struggledand theto bravegrow treesin thewhichhigh meadowEach tuftedbreathesinchfreshnessof and hay is grown, or low land near a altitude circle the open bowl probut over the whole lies a sense of stream, but such prosaic language tectively. A snowfed stream slips peace and fulfilment and righteousholds none of the delightful charm over the mountain rocks and gurgles ness. To stand in the midst of its

that surrounds the word in an aura and chuckles at its own audacity in simple beauty with thought stilled of nostalgic beauty for me when I leaving the highland to find its way and heart tuned to catch the essence consider the word meadow. to the dark valleys below. of its loveliness is to be blessed and

To others a meadow may mean a In this meadow the grass is not cleansed and sanctified.

broad, sweeping, prairielike vista of tender as lowland grass is. It has a Another meadow that I know is a

bending grass or a cultivated plot, but stalwart character of its own, a certain meadow by the sea. Cut off from the

in my mind a meadow is a quiet brash strength as if it had lifted itself roughness of the ocean squalls by a small place such as David, the singer, up by its own desire and defied the crested dune and the knobby, gnarled must have been familiar with when chill of mountain nights to change evergreen trees that turn their backs he sang of the green pastures beside its greenness. The same sauciness to the stinging gales, it lies in a little

the still waters. crowns the flowers that grow there. open glade. When I come upon it,

I have known three meadows intiThe mountain buttercup has an imthrough the stubby gnometree woods mately. One is a high meadow, a pudent tilt to its golden cup, and the where the shadows lie one upon anhollow in the hand of the mountains, dwarf forgetme-nots wink their blue other, and see the sunshine glimmerlying like a lake of verdure at the foot eyes at the sky above or nod to the ing on the fresh greenness of the

of snowhooded peaks. The purple slender branching stems of the flowers short grasses, I catch my breath and

of the mountains seems to seep down known as pink fairies which have marvel at its loveliness. How can it

to lie among the grass roots and fold crept from the mountain slopes to be, I wonder, that such a small piece itself into every crevice with possessive dance in the meadow. of sunwashed green, tender and lush

and still, can lie here among these brackish surroundings, swept by the salt tang, but untouched by harshness.

This little meadow knows the cry of seagulls and the sweeping grace of their wheeling flight. It knows the MEADOWS! gray mist that creeps through the

by Solveig Paulson Russell woods and clings to the sword fern and the glossy strength of the salal leaves; it knows the sting of winter

FOR EACH MAN THEY HOLD sunshine,rain. It knowstoo, andthe clearit is thebrightsuntangythat

A DIFFERENT MEANING thethat littleit tanglesmeadowin cherishes,its greennessthe andsun holds fast in its sandy grasp.

It is a cheerful, gay, enduring place—A. Don Knight Phota which seems only to wait until grayness vanishes to come sparkling into

its own birthright of sturdy cheer and undaunted courage. Here the starlike, purplewhite cups of the cat's-

ear lift their eager peaceful faces, and the little blueeyed grasses cling to the damp earth of the small, deep stream that flows silently toward the faroff crooning of the sea. Here is a meadow

that keeps its own values intact in the midst of salty strength and that sends me back into my world of odds and ends with a firmer and clearer eye.

The third meadow that I know is a childhood fairyland that I remember. To reach it I had to climb a

fence and cross a field and follow a path down a long hill to where it lay, nestled in the bend of a laughing brook. The grasses there crowded

each other with deep greenness and swayed in undulating rhythm to (Concluded on page 345) MAY 1956 319... yourDream, O youth, and

dreams shall become your prophets."(Lord BulwerLytton.) Perhaps I misjudge my readers. After

all, aren't we all youths? We joking- m

ly say so, but we know we cannot cheat Father Time, so we must be content to be known as oldsters, or probably a more dignified term, mature adults. Let us ask ourselves then

today, are we really mature adults? k

Are we seasoned Latterday Saints?

Let us examine the criterion for making such a claim. Mature minds are

opposite to childish ones. Childish

minds are dangerous when housed in adult bodies. So, maturity is just the

opposite of childishness. A mature

adult is a maturing person, one who is continually adapting himself to his real environment and thus endowing himself with characteristics which distinctly mark his maturity. These

characteristics are solid linkages between him and the world about him, and we shall describe some of them and then use them as a measuring stick for the maturity of our lives.

One of the most prominent of these linkages is knowledge. We are expected to know about things and

people as contrasted with a child born ignorant into the world. Do we know

about things and people? Of course

we cannot know about everything, but it is more our attitude that determines our maturity than the extent of our knowledge. Old dogs can -A Three Lions Photo

learn new tricks and must if they are The Sermon on the Mount.

not to revert to childishness. What

are some of these fundamental truths that we should know? You mavJ be

surprised when I place as the most fundamental of all these truths thereality of Joseph Smith's first vision. MATURE

Why is it so fundamental? It is because of the consequences which folby Dr. Harvey Fletcherlow from it. If this vision was real, ADULTS BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITYthen God lives and Jesus is his Son, OR

for he was introduced to the Prophet as such. If this is true, it follows thatthe Church to which we belong is OLDSTERS

divinely instituted and consequently must have a very great destiny. deduce from them the forces and mogreat minds have formulated very

There are other great fundamental tions brought into play in all the infundamental generalizations concerntruths in the physical world which tricate processes of life where such ing the behavior of the physical world have greatly influenced our lives. One motions occur. In a similar way from which the detailed behavior can

of these was formulated bv Carnot as Faraday and Maxwell formulated the be predicted. The development of

the fundamental law of heat flow. fundamental laws of the flow of the railroads, the large manufacturFrom these laws one can deduce the electricity. These same laws can be ing plants, the telephone industry,

behavior of all heat engines. Similarapplied to find the movement of and the television and motion picture

ly the fundamental laws of motion electrical waves through the air, industry have all evolved from these were formulated bv the great Newton. ordinarily called radio or radar waves, fundamental laws.

It requires less than half a page to as well as applied to power electrical In the field of human behavior it write these laws, but a person skilled circuits and communication circuits has been more difficult to formulate in mathematical manipulation can through wires. In other words some such wide generalizations as those

320 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA There are other linkages which

EDITOR'S NOTE must be made if we are to be conHarvey Fletcher was graduated from Brigham Young Unisidered mature adults besides the versity of with a science in bachelor degree physics in 1907.

his in physics doctorate of gaining of knowledge. the from University He obtained

Chicago in 1911. He began his long association with the reWe are born inarticulate, so the

search of the department in 1916. Laboratories Bell Telephone maturing process also consists in achas for his findings field awards in this He received many

of endeavor. Dr. Fletcher was a professor at Columbia Uniquiring ways and means to communiversity, New York City, from 1949 to 1952. Since 1952 he cate our knowledge to others. Speech

professor of physics; has been of the College dean of Physical is our principle means of communicaEngineering director Sciences; of and and divithe research

sion of Brigham Young University. tion either direct, over the telephone,

radio, or television. Contrasted with

Dr. Harvey Fletcher a newborn babe who cannot speak, a

mature adult says what he wants to mentioned above. However, it seems The third great division which can say with confidence, precision, beauty,

to me that the Savior stated a law of be hung upon these laws is educaand with ideas fitting to the occahuman behavior which has just as fartion and may be put under the scripsion. This subject is, of course, a

reaching consequences among human ture quotation of "... know the very broad one, and learning to speak

beings as those discussed above that truth, and the truth shall make you is only a part of it. The most imporhold in the physical world. He was free."(John 8:32.) In order to keep tant phase of the educator's profesasked which was the greatest comthe first or the second commandsion is developing the best means of

mandment, and he replied without ment, one must know the meaning enabling the teacher really to comhesitation, "Love the Lord thy God of love, which is the key word to municate with the pupils. Our lives

with all thy heart, mind, and soul."both of these commandments, and are in good order only when the com-

(See Matt. 22:37.) This is the first this meaning is only made clear by munication linkage between us and

and greatest commandment. The sec- a lifetime of education. the world is well developed and is

ond is like unto it. "Love thy neighAll our activities in life, which may continually improving.

is born irresponsible andbour as thyself."And then he said, be counted as part of a good life, A child

"upon these two laws hang all the will come in one of these three divican do nothing for itself or anybody law and the prophets."This was his sions. Paul puts down in very great else. Therefore, in a real sense the

way of stating that these two laws detail, the various aspects of love as world owes it a living. But when a

itare really the fundamental requirefollows: grown man makes this claim

is still in a child shows the he of for the operation good anyment Patience, kindness, generosity, huthis of linkage the ment with developworld—literally thissociety. to Taking mean mility, courtesy, unselfishness, good

is responsibility. experience Human it I all tried says, to oncewhat hang sincerity, guilelessness, temper, hon- a experience, shared the mature and of these thethe prophets laws upon esty. (I Cor. 13.) always we Do is this. adult of conscious: OverAs I sur and commandments,two was in these keep are mind when we it: street so aptly are deput "Some to secprised consistent a whole what of of either thinking these great two

as scribed everyit as for a the gospel example, made; distracted—going life If did, commandments? would we at getting once where nowhere, and literally living story of theplan means a experience, joyous be and would we as others the doing life.of the bumbling—always good indeed Latterhave seasoned become thing, as others selfexcusing wrong into activities Life's are divided Saints. day the you wrong, know type—-clock first dividivisions.three great The

sion comes under the heading of retraffic congestion, long distance call, ligion, and deals with those activities etc., etc. Others as selfdramatizing

which are concerned between God you know them, they are all around and man. These activities flow diyou. But one must travel from irrerectly from the first great commandsponsibility to responsibility to bement, "Love the Lord thy God with come a mature adult."

all thy heart, mind, and soul."For You have seen the fellow who

example, all the ordinances such as knows it all. Just mention any subbaptism, confirmation, prayers, blessject and off he goes, no one else can

ings of all sorts, and temple ordiget a chance to say a word.

nances, are all in this division. Elbert Hubbard said. "You'd better

The activities in the second great keep your mouth closed and be division are usually called ethics. thought a fool than open it and leave

They concern the relationship of man no doubt."If you will but listen, you

to man and are directly tied to the can learn from all those about you, second great commandment of "Love even from the little children. And

thy neighbour as thyself."All the when it is your turn to speak, say

laws of the land which regulate our something"worth while. When you

actions come in this category. Our are able to do this, you are reaching

activities day by day are usually conmaturity.

cerned with contacts with other peoEmpathies grow from selfishness-, ple, and the good life with those peoTaken from a plaque on the Joseph selfcenteredness, to an awareness of ple flows directly from the second Smith Monument at Palmyra, New York. what the others are thinking and

great commandment. (Continued on page 354)

MAY 1956 321 a

by Archibald F. Bennett Solomon Mack

and His Family SECRETAKY, GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY

Conclusion cially the part relating to a scene in MisIsrael,"was the affectionate eulogy souri, when her beloved son Joseph was of her grandson, President Joseph F.

minutes, in fifteen to shot be of the movecondemned enemies new Smith.Bitter efforts enabled prodigious was she by and Kirtland from drove them ment In the long perspective of history, to he to press where the crowd through

to Missouri, and from Far West was, and to give him her hand, but could the judgment of the world in general to Nauvoo, Illinois.... His health not see his face; he took her hand and as to her sons Joseph and Hyrum has

broken by exposures and sufferings kissed it. She said, let me hear your voice gone through a remarkable change.

bless you son; more, he said, "God once my Smith, persecutions, Joseph theduring visited In Quincy Josiah 1844 when mother!"dear passed my his family, andSr., first blessed agree, outProphet, the few would written her that notice she had gave She

to his reward, at the home in Nauhistory, and wished it printed before we side the Church, with his estimate of voo, September 14, 1840. leave this place..."I feel that the Lord him. He described him as "a man

people take let the will Brother Brigham quick sucin followed deaths Other of appearance commanding... a

city, dead; lay this in Here, away. my my the years; in next few thecession athletic fellow, a finelooking hearty, if so the be children; and and husband

youthful Don Carlos Smith died rest of my children go with you, (and man... the remarkable individual

August 7, 1841. Joseph Smith, Jr., would to God they may all go), they will who had fashioned the mould which

and Hyrum Smith gave their lives not go without me; and if I go, I want my was to shape the feelings of so many

I die away, case in back brought bones to... mob, June 27, a wicked martyrsas his fellow of mortals thousands

chiland deposited husband with and my in sustained injury1844. an From to natural capacity resource were and good said more dren."(Mother Smith many

fleeing from the mob on the same things, but the rest being inaudible to the his stalwart person... endowed with

day, Samuel H. Smith died a month reporters, they are lost.) 30 that kingly faculty which directs, as

1844.later, 30, July right, souls intrinsic the... who by children and Emma, remaining Her 38 the bereaved anguish In poignant for are looking guidance."did not the Prophet, of Joseph widow wrote:mother associated intimately to those But of the body with main go westward

Thus was I left desolate in my distress. the Saints. So Mother Smith remained with him, he inspired an enduring

to and six sons manhood,I reared had of loyalty. love and The tributes vicinity. at and of with Nauvoo them was all, remained, and he only onethem of the three became Presidents who longer, dying years lived nine She consoling word speak to one distant fartoo

to me in this trying hour.... my daughMay 8, 1855, at the home of her Church will be quoted:

.. and me, Smith,ters. were with Hale from their sodaughter-inlaw, Emma I testify I President that 35 John Taylor: comfort. I great derivedciety C. Lewis then the wife of Major for well acquainted Smith with Joseph Bidawas

In the shadow of her great tragedy mon, and was buried beside her husyears. I have traveled with him; I have

I public; private in in seen have and him at old cemetery family in the band her history 1845, wrote, duringshe of all associated in councils kinds; with him it written: has been Of her Nauvoo. from Smith, lifeof the of Joseph I to his listened of times have hundreds

which we have quoted so frequently. She possessed a high sense of duty, and public teachings, and his advice to his

One later glimpse of her is obtained her standard of morals was unsurpassed.... friends and associates of a more private

from the minutes of the conference Hers was a mission of service wherever she nature. I have been at his house. I have

seen these various circumunder then him a counselor. comforter, nurse, a held in Nauvoo,of went,—a the Church,

I stances, testify angels, before and God, a discreet sympathetic, woman and Wise, 1845: 8,October that honorable, a good, and men, he was weighty took... she of action sometimes

his doctrines were good, man—that carried virtuous into her matters hands and own honored aged and the Smith, Mother Lucy 39

scriptural and wholesome. completion. successful to them through expressed a having Smith, ofparent Joseph

magnificent charitable, her Hospitable, congregato the to say a few wordswish President Lorenzo Snow: Few now men

afflictions spirit was afflicted by the stand. She the invited upon tion, she was of living were so well acquainted with Joseph

spoke at considerable length and in an others, as she passed with her family and Smith as I was. I was with him oftenwanderings the weary through her church a heard by as so to be audible manner,

..... to Nauvoo. from New York assembly. vast the of large portion. She has histimes.table,I visitedassociatedhim within hishimfamily,under satvariat

She wished to know of the congregation left the record of one who loved much, ous circumstances, and had private interand was much, in suffered her a mother they considered ever true—awhether I for counsel. woman views that with him know

to her adhered own affectionwho had Brigham which President Israel (upon of a Joseph Prophet Smith was God;

Young said: all who consider Mother ately rigid rules in rearing her family, but know that he was an honorable man, aI

held it by who aSmith that of the respect he had 'children and rang yes! saying mother—Onein universalIsrael, signify'yes acquainted with him. 40 thegrandchildren,—aundying love ofwomanhusband,who moralthose whoman, were,and

throughout). She remarked it was just inspired reverence and confidence, though

eighteen years since Joseph Smith the speaking directly and plainly. The memory President Joseph F. Smith (a nephew):

strong, a character her is of his illustration of character marked fearless, One the of with acquaintedProphet become had

Godfearing. clearminded, and children. love for was his never saw a He a conplates; of the contents and then in

cise manner related over the most prominent child but he desired to take it up and bless points in the early history of her family; "A noble and faithful woman—it, and many he did so bless, taking them

their hardships, trails, privations, persecumother indeed, and a heroine in in his arms and upon his knee. I have

etc.; parts sufferings, of which tions, some

to tears, heard more melted those who espepp.'Documentary470472. History oj the Church, Vol. VII, 376377,See Figures380381, of400.the Past, by Josiah Quincy, pp.

'f7Journal of History, Vol. 12, p. 108, quoted in 39John Taylor: The Gospel Kingdom, p. 355.

History of Joseph Smith by his Mother, Lucy Ancestry and Posterity of Joseph Smith and Emma '"'John A. Widtsoe: Joseph Smith—Seeker After

Smith, p. 326. Hale, pp. 7274. Truth, p. 348.

322 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA myself sat upon his knee. He was so fond honest, and virtuous man, an embodiment that all my brethren were like unto my

of children that he would go far out of his of all that is noble in the human form, beloved brother Hyrum, who possesses the way to speak to a little one, which is to Hyrum Smith was its representative."mildness of a lamb, and the integrity of a

me a striking characteristic of true manAmong the many great men, then, proJob, and in short, the meekness and humilhood.... duced by the early history of the Church, ity of Christ; and I love him with that love

As a child I knew the Prophet Joseph there was none nobler, nor greater, than that is stronger than death, for I never had

Smith. As a child I have listened to him the martyrpatriarch, Hyrum Smith.... occasion to rebuke him, nor he me."...

preach the Gospel that God had committed After the organization of the Church, Hyrum need not have sacrificed his life to his charge and care. As a child I was Hyrum Smith became one of its pillars of had he been willing to forsake his brother.

familiar in his home, in his household, as strength. Quiet, unassuming, meek, and Joseph recognized and appreciated this fact.

I was familiar under my own father's mild, he became nevertheless an incalculIt was about the twentieth of June, only roof. I have retained the witness that I was able power in the new community. On him seven days before the martyrdom, that he

imbued with, as a child, and that I rethe Prophet leaned; with him he shared urged Hyrum to take his family to Cincinceived from my sainted mother, the firm the wonders and the mysteries of the new nati. Hyrum answered simply, "Joseph, I

belief that Joseph Smith was a prophet of revelation; to him he entrusted many of can't leave you."...

God; that he was inspired as no other the responsible duties growing out of their When the awful tragedy came, Hyrum

his in generation, effort; bullets, to fall. Pierced the first or for centuries organized receivedman from by four was he him much

before, inspired. 41 "I had been floor exclaiming, inspiration to for to the hope; he sank and he fled am a him

comfort when in distress.... And during dead man."The Prophet turned horrorIn recent years Robert C. Webb, a all these years Hyrum Smith was prominent stricken to his fallen brother. "Oh! dear

nonMormon, dedicated his book, The as a leader in Zion. He was ever by the brother Hyrum!"he cried. Then, and then

fiercely door, only, side to the turn of the did Prophet, encouraging, he upholdand illustrious theReal Mormonism, "To stairfire the ing, revolver into his counseling. the eyes ever in on was the mob He

the Smith, 'Mormemory later exhorting, Prophet the below. people, of the admonishing, moment way A of Joseph:

mon Prophet.'He declares him to inspiring.... himself was slain, and the awful day of

be "one of the most romantic figures... in December, 1834, there was a gloom had set in....

in history,"adding: gathering of the Smiths in Kirtland. Hyrum Suffice it now to say, in conclusion, that

was present. During all his days, the welas a son Hyrum Smith was ever dutiful;

Although born of simpleness, with only fare of his father and his brother had been he lived true to the commandment, "Honor moderate educational advantages, his first Hyrum's care. Indeed, he had cared for thy father and thy mother."As a brother,

appearance before the world is in the role all his father's family with almost more he was unselfish and devoted. Says Joseph

of leader and teacher of religion, and the than a brother's love. For all this his father Fielding Smith, a grandson, writing of these

promulgator of a system of doctrine that was grateful. And this day, when they were two holy men,

is at once intelligent, logical, practical together, the father blessed him. "Hyrum,""So closely were they attached to each

and persistent. His personality was such he said, "thou art my oldest son whom the other, by the bonds of brotherly love, a

that it lent cogency to his teachings, and Lord has spared unto me.... Thou hast love which was greatly intensified by the

his teachings have been accepted by thouborne the burden and heat of the day, Gospel's light, and by their suffering in a sands, who still hold his name in reverence thou hast toiled hard and labored much common cause, that the history of one is and endorse his every profession to a difor the good of thy father's family: thou the history of the other. They loved each

vine mission in the world.... The perhast been many times a stay unto them, other only as the righteous children of

sonality of Joseph Smith is described by and by thy diligency they have often been God can love. No man was ever more

those who knew him, as friends and sustained. Thou hast loved thy father's closely associated with the Prophet than

sympathizers, as wonderfully magnetic and family with a pure love, and hast greatly was the Patriarch Hyrum; no man undermasterful.... In view of the results desired their salvation. Thou hast always stood the Prophet better."

achieved by him, we are bound to recogstood by thy father, and reached forth the As a husband and father, Hyrum Smith nize in Joseph Smith a really exceptional helping hand to lift him up when he was was loving, kind, sympathetic and true.

man, one worthy to rank far above the in affliction...; for all these kindnesses President Joseph F. Smith remembers with

his kind. that Father wasaverage and good thee. will bless of his associates in point of native the Lord God Thy pride my

toabilities. 42 a rare thing have It was shall him posterity at home the house with be numbered

of Ephraim, and with them thou shalt stand except at night. But when he came, he

Modern estimates of Hyrum Smith up to crown the tribes of Israel. The Lord brought with him the sunlight of love.

place him unmistakably in the ranks will multiply his choice blessings upon thee He liked best to gather his family about in the eventide, and sing the songs after seed thee with him and thy and thouof good and great men. Here are a

... of Zion. inheritance shalt in Zion, have an them

few sentences from a wellconsidered and they shall possess it from generation And how well the Lord knew the charsketch of his character: to generation, and thy name shall never acter of the man whom he loved! Here was

just; blotted the out be from among affection. misplaced defor no Smith Hyrum the martyrpatriarch, Smith, was Hyrum rise shall also the thy righteous up, and to in served held the be Lord; esteem by of integrity heart ofthe the embodiment

after thee, thy children say and memory love. loved, In because he he had was won of soul that the charhumility shouldand

is just, just that a wert thou and man declares the the wherein words His Lord...acterize Saint. Latterday a Passing

perfect in day."thy reveals love also the winning charm He lent to perspective the has view;time a wide

It of character. humility, Israel, was Hyrum's too, in judge a counselor, a As and disillusions close ofthe vision have been

integrity, faithfulness love for the famed Smith was becoming of truth—undying criticalpelled; analysis, even, has been made Hyrum

to the right, kindness, deloving sympathy, qualities kindadmirable of sympathy, and friend Yet, character the and foe.by both

votion. the assurance of divine love him To ness, love, mildness. His brother and and isof the martyr remains unimpeached. He denied.43 not be life might his in distress; those heart out to went as aremembered by knew him those who

perfect "Mormon."He is remembered by was filled with acts of kindness towards

those who were in trouble or distress as the unfortunate. He was ever mild and

to longsuffering, quick to slow condemn, of inspirationthe sympathy, and kindness, are indeed the patriotHonored.. peace. forgive, of cause to the devoted

... love. brotherly Presidentand John. pioneer his deSolomon and Mack to himself say that wont was The ProphetTaylor, the the Prophet with and who was

Patriarch in the hour of death, said of if Hyrum could not make peace between voted wife, Lydia Gates, in their posterHyrum, "If ever there was an exemplary, two who had fallen out, the angels themity, which shall increase unendingly.

selves might not hope to accomplish the

14.4. "Robert C. Webb: The Real Mormonism, pp. 10, task.... Joseph wrote thus of this wonin "ylOsborneThe UtahJ. P.GenealogicalWidtsoe: "Hyrumand HistoricalSmith, Patriarch,"Magazine,

-Joseph F. Smith: Gospel Doctrine, Chapter 25. derful brother: "I could pray in my heart April 1911, Vol. 2, pp. 4950, 52, 5456, 6062.

MAY 1956 323 B

mmx

Temple of Quetzalcoatl at Teotihuacan, Mexico. Quetzal feathers and serpent heads, symbols of Quetzalcoatl, the "White

Bearded God."

Part XI—

Symbols of Quetzalcoatl *&>L

and Teotihuacan RCHAEOLOGY Conclusion and the TheAprillastissuearticleof theof thisEra scriesintroducedin the of of the symbols the subject Book of Mormon Special emphasis wasQuetzalcoatl.

given to the archaeological site of

Teotihuacan, Mexico, describing its by President Milton R. Hunter

gigantic Pyramid of the Sun, its less OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY massive Pyramid of the Moon, and its famous quadrangle and Temple of

Quetzalcoatl. The latter, adorned

with huge serpents heads surrounded by quetzal feathers—symbols of Quetpent—the rattlesnake specie—as symMormon days. Although a universal

zalcoatl, is to me the most important bols of Quetzalcoatl. apostasy prevailed, the teachings restructure at this archaeological site. By 400 A.D. the religion of the ceived directly from the Master

On my first trip to Teotihuacan in Nephites and Lamanites had degenhaving been adulterated, yet certain 1941, those serpent heads seemed to erated into pagan practices, and the momentous events had made an everme to be grotesque and almost reformer people as a nation had been lasting impression on the inhabitants pulsive; and so I was confronted with exterminated in a terrible war fought of ancient America. The greatest of

the problem of trying to ascertain on and near the Hill Cumorah. The these was the appearance.of Jesus

why the inhabitants of ancient Amersurvivors of that last war—some of Christ to the inhabitants of the Westica employed such a noxious creature whom were white in color and of ern Hemisphere, as was explained in

as the serpent, along with the reNephite stock and other bronze in the three previous articles of this splendent quetzal bird, to symbolize color and of Lamanite lineage 11—series in the Era.

the glorious and radiant resurrected held sacred in their memories and On February 4, 1956, in the city

I andSavior—the "White Bearded God."traditions the knowledge of the greatof Totonicapan, Guatemala,

This article gives the results of my est event that ever occurred in anothers had an interview with Jesus research and thereby endeavors to cient America, namely, the visitation Caranza Juarez, a member of the explain why the ancient Americans of Jesus Christ, the resurrected Lord, Quiche Maya religion and an expert used the quetzal bird and the serto their progenitors in the Book of in Indian traditions, for the purpose 324 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photo by Otto Done

Jade, a symbol of Quetzalcoatl, dating in the early Christian centuries, from a tomb in the Mayan archaeological site of Kaminalyuyu near Guatemala City. Guatemala

Museum.

of acquiring as much knowledge as and other great Indian tribes of Mexpossible regarding those people. One ico and Central America. In the

of the first things he told us was the words of Helen Augur:

fact that since men may be killed The outstanding quality of the Middle in war the women have been the America culture is that it was a tremendous principal preservers of Quiche tradireligious movement. Every ancient site was—Photo by Otto Done

tions from ancient times to the pres- a ceremonial city dedicated to the gods; all Jade from Mayan tombs in Yucatan,

Alberto Mexico. Marquez's private museum, in objects those beautiful museums we seeent day. Girls learned thoroughly ia Mexico. Yucatan, Merida,... visible of worship. forms were

the most cherished traditions and in turn taught their daughters. Also, Thus the story of the sudden apand his mission. For example, after

according to Quiche custom, certain pearance of the "White Bearded God"the expulsion of Adam and Eve from the most intelligent to the ancestors of the American Inthe Garden of Eden, God gave themwomen—perhapsones of the tribe—were selected to be dians and his great contributions to the law of sacrifice to symbolize the

especially trained in Indian traditheir culture had its origin in the atonement of Jesus Christ, the sacritions. One of these, an old lady 82 marvelous visitations of Jesus Christ, ficial lamb being offered in "...

years of age, was brought in to rethe crucified and Resurrected Lord, similitude of the sacrifice of the Only hearse to us certain of the Quiche whose descent from heaven to teach Begotten of the Father."14 From genMaya traditions. the ancient Americans is so beauti- (Continued on following page)

Mr. Juarez also informed us that fully delineated in the Book of Mor14Moses 5:4-8.

certain men were selected to become mon. Of course the Indians told the

at the Zapotec archaetombs Jade from of Christ's ministry story on thepriests. part of their training they As

site of near Alban, Oaxaca, Monte in a variety Hemisphere Western in conversant thoroughlybecame of ologicalMexico. Oaxaca Museum.

Mayan traditions, which knowledge distorted forms. Photo by Vefnald W. Johns

they transmitted to their successors. How were they best to preserve

Through memory and by word of through the generations these glorimouth Indian traditions have been ous traditions which were so dear to accurately transmitted from generatheir hearts? They must have symbols.

tion to generation. Throughout all of history symbols

Thus mothers of the apostate dehave been used by human beings, scendants of Book of Mormon peoples not only to convey to their minds have helped to keep alive the most important and great events, teachings, cherished traditions by telling them doctrine, and the understanding and to their children. Also, it would be remembrance of divine truths, but

natural for tribal chiefs to rehearse in also by symbols those truths were their council meetings their dispreserved from age to age. Since

torted accounts of the "White Jesus Christ's mission was to give to

Bearded God"; and perhaps the the world the gospel and through it

youth, especially those who were and his death and resurrection bring being trained for the priesthood, were about the atonement, continuously a quite thoroughly instructed by the significant phase of the gospel has

Indian priests, since religion was the been the use of symbols to remind culture center and dominating force faithful worshipers of the Messiah of the Maya, Aztec, Toltec, Zapotec, 13Helen Augur, Zapotec (New York, 1954), p. 161.

MAY 1956 325 ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOR OF MORMON resplendent,by which it islong,usuallygreenknown.tail feathers,It has

(Continued from preceding page) During a period of many days, certain ones of which measure three eration to generation following their multitudes of people associated with and onehalf feet in length. A famous

exodus from Egypt, the children of the resurrected Lord, even Jesus Catholic missionary, Father BerIsrael observed the Feast of the PassChrist. He was radiant and beautinardino de Sahagun, described the

over. Perhaps the most important ful with a splendor which surpassed quetzal bird as follows:

symbol used on those occasions was all descriptions. The Nephite hisis in bird this a There called land Quethis informs that that of the us paschal garments lamb—"a lamb torian

it very rich has colorful and plum- "... all did spot and body exceedwithout is bill whitezaltototl;age; the sharp yellow, the and and or blemish"—which

symbolized the sacrifice of their longness, yea, even there could be nothfeet are yellow. It has a feather tuft on its

lookedfor Messiah. In the meridian ing upon earth so white as the whitehead, like a rooster's comb. It is... the

of time the Master supplanted the ness thereof,"and "... the light of size of a magpie of Spain. The tail feathers

are called Quezalli are they green very and his sacrifice countenance of didlaw sacrament. shine upon by He shiny. like are and leaves the wide They

them."in his ascended followers 20 Finally he as Palestine,gave back of reeds hits the and they bend wind when

well as the inhabitants of ancient into heaven to dwell with God, the them and they shine very beautifully. These

America, the commandment to obEternal Father. 21 birds have some black feathers in the tail

serve the Lord's Supper in memory \ After the close of the Book of withones whichwhich areit coversin the thesemidst richof the[green]black fleshof his blood and was which period, mothers Mormon reones. when black feathers are very black The

15 for Since mankind.shed that day outside, on the inside are the and traditions on the hearsed the Indian regardthe sacrament symbols have been ing the "White Bearded God"who rich dark green feathers, they being not

very long tuft wide. this nor bird has Theheld Christians. very sacred by visited their ancestors, had when na-

.. is its. on very glossy head beautiful and

learn the Pearl of Great from tive priests exIndian chiefs We and.. the bird and has red glossy a neck. and

Price that through divine sources plained these astounding events to The neck, on the back, and entire back of the.

Enoch was taught the gospel of Jesus the young men, young ladies, and to bird has resplendent green feathers. Under

Christ. On a certain occasion the the warriors, how best could they the tail and between its legs it has a delicate feather of clear soft color, green andvoice to of the spoke and Lord him their their tradiof accounts make resplendent: the veins or of on the elbows

"...explained the saying atonement, tions vivid cause those and whom are wings feathers, green black ones and

.., 22 the bloodthrough Only of mine the wings. to under they taught most comprehend

in the shallBegotten, come who completely? answer by came The

recent Dr. 1 '1 The Sylvanus G. Morof shall atonethe time"meridian of the symbols. employment

ley, of greatest one the scholars Maya be consummated;ment of mankind of jungles In the Guatemala and lived, has ever stated that the who declared: the Lordand then since southern there Mexico, has lived

. quetzal, bird.. famous of the national times ancient gorof the one most

all things behold, have their And of Guatemala, the one birds gorgeous most birds world. in the likegeous peoSome all things are createdness, and made and is in the exclusively world, almost confined

to bear record of me [Jesus Christ], both ple have called it "the bird of to the highlands of Guatemala and Honthings which are temporal, and things paradise,"but "quetzal"is the name duras and the adjacent mountains of in the are spiritual; things are whichwhich Chiapas, [Mexico]. 23

are things above, which andheavens on x>Ibid.,2mid., 19:25.18:39.

the earth, and things which are in the Morley also tells us that earth, and things which are under the earth, both above and beneath: all things The gorgeous, iridescent, bluegreen tail

bear record of me [Jesus]. 17 feathers of the quetzal, sometimes three feet

long, seem to have been reserved [in preThis article endeavors to show how Columbian time] for the rulers alone. 21

even the pagan symbolism of the He points out that among the InAmerican Indians bore witness to dians of Guatemala today

Jesus Christ.

The royal color is green because green is

As has already been mentioned, the the color of the highly prized quetzal bird,

Resurrected Lord appeared to the inwhose plumage was reserved for the rulers."'

habitants of ancient America. A

beautiful account of this visitation is As the quetzal bird flew through given in the Book of Mormon. 18 The the air and the brilliant rays of sunpeople, vast numbers of whom had light reflected the resplendent gorassembled in front of the temple at geousness of the colors of its plumage,

Bountiful, saw him "... descending especially the green, it reminded the

out of heaven"as if he were a bird; ancient Americans of the beauty and

"And he was clothed in a white glory of Jesus Christ who had derobe."19 scended from heaven through the air

Following these marvelous events, to visit them and later returned into

Jesus Christ taught the people the heaven in like manner, as proclaimed same gospel that he had previously in their traditions of the "White proclaimed in Palestine. He also perBearded God."Since Christ did pass

formed many mighty miracles. (Continued on page 328)

de—Bernardino Sahagun, al Introduction Primer

14:2324; '-Mark 3 Nephi 18:2-12. Jesus Juarez, Caranza a Libro 1. 11, Historia, de la of the Libro member Cap. 2, Sec.

6:62. luMoses -;iSylvanus G. Morley, (Palo Ancient The Maya religion, Quiche Maya an 82 years and

6:63. "Ibid., old Alto, California, 6. 1947), p. lady, tradition Quiche bearers Quiche Maya 11:8-14. ]83 Nephi 197. Ibid., p.

Ibid. at Totonicapan, Guatemala. mbid., p. 409.

326 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WHY THE

111BHB 'IfK! fiir;;;:i: -;::::;:::; -:>::::- -:::>:::::

IS AMERICA'S FAVORITE BALER!

Pacesetting IH features make it the leading This lowcost, twinetie, pto baler first made feed saver... builtin strength makes it the baler ownership profitable on smaller farms. It

nonstop baling "champ"! Proved on tens of pioneered lowlevel pickup and floating auger

thousands of farms, the McCormick No. 45 is for uninterrupted feeding and big daily tonnage.

the choice of more farmers and custom operators These and other features shown below give the than all other familysized balers put together! No. 45 performance that can't be copied.

Bale nonstop in heavy hay with twinetying McCormick No. 45. This baler

comes with power takeoft or engine drive.

1. Longer bale chamber 2. Baler safeguards, like 3. Lowlevel pickup, plat- 4. Nonstop plunger slices

makes bales as heavy as needle breakaway (shown) form, and big bale chamber each charge... packs bales

70 lbs. Hydraulic density head off breakdowns... opening reduce hay travel uniformly. It helps the No.

regulator available. avoid costly "down"time. and save more leaves. 45 to bale big daily tonnage.

Tie your hay at lower cost per ton McCormick baler twine, made of sisalana fiber, true is backed by writtenguarantee. a longer Itruns JfcCORMJCK|ALERt wine, f—9000 feet per bale. It's stronger—325 lbs. average tensile

strength! You can tie heavier

bales... greater tonnage with

each ball of twine.

Floating auger adjusts to big or Simplified knotters small windrows automatically! It make firm twine ties

moves hay positively but gently. that stay tied!

Ask your IH dealer for proof that it pays International Harvester Company to own a McCormick No. 45 baler for only P. O. Box 7333, Dept. WDJ-4, Chicago 80, III.

two days'baling a year. For big tonnage, Tell me how a McCormick baler can save me

choose the McCormick No. 55 baler! time, feed and hard cash! Send catalog checked:

SEE YOUR No. 45 I Baler| McCormick Baler TwineNo. 55 Baler

NameStudent Send forINTERNATIONAL dealer CatalogFREE Post Office. State HARVESTERInternational Harvester products pay for themselves in use—McCormick Farm My IH dealer is Equipment and Farmall Tractors... Motor Trucks... Crawler and Utility Tractors

and Power Units—General Office, Chicago 1, Illinois

MAY 1956 327 ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON pretationMany of theof Israelitesthe serpentsymbol.were bitten by

(Continued from page 326) aborigines at the time of the Spanish serpents and were thereby poisoned.

through the air in a manner that conquest. This appellation came God commanded Moses as follows:

the people had seen only birds do in about as a result of the Indians'extheir time, what could be more aptensive use of the serpent as a symbol Make thee a fiery serpent, and set it upon propriate to the minds of those peoof Quetzalcoatl, whom we have ideneveryonea pole; andthat itis shallbitten,comewhento hepass,lookeththat

ple in symbolizing the central chartified as Jesus Christ in previous Era upon it, shall live. And Moses made a

acter in the greatest event that had articles. The importance of the serpent of brass, and put it upon a pole,

occurred in the New World than to serpentsymbol was described by and it came to pass, that if a serpent had take as a symbol for him the beautiful Edward H. Thompson as follows: bittenof brass,anyheman,lived.when30 he beheld the serpent

quetzal bird? It portrayed all the

.. of Serpent the Feathered The symbolsplendor, the radiance, the beauty and later Prophets the on compared of rattlesnake, the with. bodyof Indians'the minds which

to this of crucifixion of Christ the were—thethe quetzal atonement plumage and bird-—wascovered of conceiving.capable civilization old to Cross the what was that serpent the brazen the with Moses

first at of story the Perhaps Christian the to Saracen. when Crescent the and as pole. the those placed Just upon

this culture the hero symbol KukulChrist's retold appearance was and to obedient God's were comwho Yucatan, QuetUnderCan—Feathered Serpent—oftold, the Bearded "White was God"to serpent the look upon mandment of zalcoatl peoples, earlier Aztecs the and

tosaid as as radiant, as gorgeous, be first deified reverenced, then was faith and so those are healed, be worwith and 28beautiful, as as the splendid and shipped. of spiritual defects evenhealed and

quetzal bird. As time passed, howtually given resurrection and eternal

ever, his name came to be more or Count Byron Khun de Prorok life who take upon them the name of less synonymous with the resplendent points out that Christ and keep his commandments.

bird, the name "quetzal"actually becoming part of the name the Indians The God Quetzalcoatl, a white God, took Dr. Maurice H. Farbridge, in his

.. Biblical in Semitic Studies the book and there Serpent.""Feathered name. And toapplied the Bearded "White God."

identification, significant a singular was serthat the informs us in Symbolism, Christ the informed anJesus had its of of the completeness, sign the Plumed of principal the the symbol pent wascient that the Americans was signs the of Serpent with the Egypt and of time the hopedfor Messiah from of traditional the serpent delineation in the"resurrection the and he life"—the 2!l brass B.C. until about 700 Moses 20 A of Eden. Garden life"light of the world."the and

pole serpent mainon a or beam wasFollowing days, Book of Mormon of representation the a tained as the Members of the Church of Jesus realized thatAmerican Indians when springtime came the world was filled Christ of Latterday Saints are inMessiah in the chief temple of the of very of that beginning in the period that formed during Israelite nation vegetawith the and growth, new life 31 history serpent the years'time. became approximately human 500 clothed earth betion which mother

ing gorgeously green and beautiful. identified with Satan and in a certain Jesus Christ while in mortality

sense of the Prince a symbol became clearly identified the serpent symbol birdSince the quetzal primarily was as it peculiar Darkness; however, read with his own crucifixion. We this fact also in color,green made it of

may seem, also in very early times the following in the New Testament:a fitting symbol of the giver of light

and life to the entire world, even the serpent became identified with the lifted crucifixion in the serpent of Jesus atonement and up the And as Moses

Jesus Christ. the even Son of so must Man a wilderness, of Nazareth hence it became and

lifted in believeth in up: whosoever color, be being green That Jade, also was this of of the symbol Only Son Man.

eternal perish, should not but have him extensivelyused by the American i. e., 2 Inlatter the identifying concept,

life.* ofdians America, Central Mexico and is as Christ, of serpent a symbol Jesus especially as the a symbol by Mayas, article. this in discussed of the seed Nephites, were The whoof beads, Quetzalcoatl. Burial masks,

is far coatl, as the As known, Israel, to or of migrated from Jerusalem bracelets,pendants, other ornaand first in serpent, ancient used was B.C. America about 600 They of jade beenments have dug made

Israel of crucifixion as a the symbol to the brought with World them New in in large quantities connectionup of Christ, "the atonement and Jesus of as the serpent a concept the symburials. ancient Indianwith Murals

on the walls of Bonampak and other Anointed One."Since the Son of bol of Jesus Christ, his crucifixion,

prophets proclaimed the by life, was Man to give his heal, to powers and placesarchaeological supply added life to of giver resurrection the be and life. the first eternal including Nephi, priests rulers that theevidence and

life to to eternal those the world and of historian his people, wrote: quetzal with adorned werewho

all of his keep would commandwho also elabofeathers bedecked were brethren, the serpent, such ments, played spoken I have And now, who my objects, all of jaderately with which as the cannot that ye Lord err. And of plainly the part in Garden a prominent

testify these ancient that Americans liveth that Christ] brought [Jesus God appropriate story, an became Eden of of the Egypt, land gave out and of up Quetzalcoatl, worshiperswere of of the Master the symbol and that the heal should he his cruciuntoIsrael power Moses God."Bearded"White

sacrifice. fixion atoning and bitten the after nations they by had been

Coatl, ancient the Mexican word their serpents, cast poisonous if they would wildtraveling the through While 2 ''constitutesfor serpent,'the latter raise did eyes he the serpent unto which Egypt, erness their exodus from on half of the name Quetzalcoatl, the the Israelites had an experience which (Continued on page 330) title by which the "White Bearded became the basis for an added inter- -"Numbers 21:8-9.God"was known by many of the '"Maurice H. Farbridge, Studies in Biblical and

28Edward H. Thompson, People of the Serpent Semitic Symbolism (New York, 1928), p. 75; H. P.

a3 Nephi 11:1011; 9:18; Alma 38:9; Mosiah 16:9. (New York, 1932), p. 196. Smith, Old Testament History (New York, 1903), p.

27Huhert Howe Bancroft, Native Races (New York, 2!'Count Byron Khun de Prorok, In Quest of Lost 240.

1875), vol. 2, p. 511 IT. Worlds (New York, 1935), pp. 123124. John 3:1415.

328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

A good test of any highyielding crop is the way it feels bouncing off your shovel—solid weight that makes the

metal ring That shovel test tells you a great deal about an AllisChalmers combine. You feel the difference in a surprising

surge of extra bushels—harvested cleanly even from stubBin more bushels fields. bornlylodged or weedy

Now comes even bigger news—a real scoop in farming!

all three combine fields; a costcutting, binfilling har- r inThis year, AUisChalmers brings you a choice of machines ooo> vest for every crop and every acreage.

Now on your own farm, whatever its size, you can command a combine bearing the greatest name in harvesting... at a right price.

With weather and crop news breaking fast, your best friend can be a new AllisChalmers combine. Talk to your

dealer—be ready to cash in on bigopportunity crops

harvested at the justright stage of ripening.

ALLISCHALMERS, FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION, MILWAUKEE 1, WISCONSIN

Leaders in all 3 combine fields 1. "BigBin"AllCrop Harvester

6-ft. Model 66 for more than 100 crops, including grain, beans, sorghums, grass and

legume seed, peanuts!2. Mediumsize SELFPROPELLED

9-ft. and 12ft. Model 100 AllCrop Harvester

10ft. and 7-ft. Model T GleanerBaldwin

combine 3. "GIANTS OF THE HARVEST"

14 ft. and 12ft. Models A & R GleanerBaldwin combine

12ft. Model B GleanerBaldwin combine

(Rice Special) ALLCROP and GLEANERBALDWIN EG are AUisChalmers trademarks M ALLISGHALM MAY 1956 329 ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON serpentsresentationsoccurof inthe Mexicanlifting uppaintof (Continued from page 328) once visited ancient America and had ings,"3 * 5 which show that they used up before them,... there is none other given his gospel to its inhabitants. it to symbolize the crucifixion of

given name under this heaven save it be visiting While thirtytwo archaeoQuetzalcoatl.

Jesus Christ, of which I have spoken, wheresites logical 33 in and museums Mexico Bearing all of the foregoing disby be can saved. man

and Central America during the cussion in mind, what did I see on

Approximately twenty years before winter of 195455, I saw the quetzalmy last trip to Teotihuacan? Instead

the birth of Jesus Christ, another serpent symbolism practically everyof repulsive, ugly, grotesque serpents,

Nephite prophet, whom we know as where. Feathered serpents appear on I saw on the front of one portion of

Nephi the son of Helaman, delivered facades of temples and palaces, on the temple six beautiful serpent a powerful sermon on the coming of ceramics, in stone sculptured works, (Continued on page 332) the Messiah. In that sermon he and in gold representations. Also, acLord Kingsborough, Mexican Antiquities, cited in

definitely connected the serpent as a cording to Lord Kingsborough, "RepJohnCity, 1882),Taylor, p, Mediation203. and Atonement (Salt Lake

symbol of Jesus Christ. To quote:

Yea, did he [Moses] not bear record that the Son of God should come? And as he

lifted up the brazen serpent in the wilderness, even so shall he be lifted up who rn lookina att our loued ones should come. if And as many as should look upon that

serpent should live, even so many as should Richard L. Evans

look of upon the Son faith, God with havwrote, once stars "If the Comeone out only came year, once a ing a contrite spirit, live, might even 1 the whole world unto would out go look and life at them."that But is eternal:"'which

since they can so easily and so often be seen, we become

Alma also taught the Nephites that accustomed to them and let them seem somewhat commonthe serpent was a symbol of Jesus place. Likewise, if we saw our loved ones less, or faced the

Christ. To quote: fear of losing them, or saw them not at all, we should surely

soon learn some new lessons in appreciation. It is true that Behold, he [the Son of God] was spoken

of by Moses; yes, and behold a type was we sometimes seem to take for granted those we love and

raised up in the "wilderness, that whosoever live with, and would do well sometimes to step aside and look would upon it might live. And many see as them never seen if we'd them poignmore before—or, did look live. 3'"and this, antly to see than as them never see if we'd again. them

still it is a wise and wonderful thing And then Alma described the Blessedly we shall. But

atoning powers of Jesus. to appreciate people in the present, to appreciate those on

From the evidence already prewhom we have the closest claims, and not reserve altogether sented, the fact becomes apparent our best appearance and performance and our most polite that the serpent was a Christian symapproach always for those outside the family circle. Gratibol, established in ancient Israel at tude and gracious custom and courtesy should have their

least as early as the days of Moses place at home. There is, in fact, as some have found, a kind

and carried forward on the Western of love and courtesy and consideration that can come into a its drudgery no drudgery at all, and makeHemisphere by the Nephites to the home and make close of the Book of Mormon period. the daily round of routine tasks seem but to be a blessed

Its purpose was to remind the people service. This can be so when appreciation is present—not

of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ and only a silent, implied appreciation, but also an inner and of his great saving powers. outer evidence of it—such as is actually shown and said. But

we leave some things, too many things, too long unshown, It was natural for the descendants assume that they can wait—that they will beof the Nephites and the Lamanites unsaid—and

understood without any outward evidence or utterance. Inas the years passed to continue with short, that the "stars"we assume will always be there. No asuch symbol, adding adulterated doubt they will—but there are times when we should look atreligious practices and altered ideas

them (and at our loved ones) with seeing eyes and underto the more refined serpent symbol as standing hearts, the and with blessed of power appreciation. inheld the of Book days. Mormon

of real tests the is One of character test the of courtesy, the the IndianThus descendants of Book test of consideration toward those love we live with and peoples distortedof Mormon serthe and the generous heart that says and shows them how wonpent symbol into the various pagan forms that were found in Mexico and derfully much they mean. To repeat again an observation

of the past: the things are there Of all to belong to, therethroughout Central America Euroby

is finer to thing to no belong than afan honorable, and missionariespean following the Spanish conquest. Although the quetzalfectionate family—and it will be so, always and forever.

serpent symbols are degenerated pagan reminders of the "White ZJke Spoken lA/orcl FROM temple square

Bearded God,"they also serve as PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING reminders of the true Savior who had SYSTEM, FEBRUARY 26, 1956 Copyright 1956

M2 Nephi 25:20.

8:1415. Author unknown. "Helaman

;i"'Alma 33:19.

330 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

See San Francisco's worldfamous bridges

Dome Car's lovely, skycanopied lounge

See San Francisco ON YOUR WAY TO LOS ANGELES

Take Southern Pacific's fine, fast Overland Route trains to

San Francisco... stop off and visit this gay, cosmopolitan city.. Upper terrace; refreshments served here, too

then complete your trip to Los Angeles on S.P.'s California Daylight, the luxurious, scenic streamliner with the bargain coach

fares! You'll see California's mountains and valleys, plus 113 miles

of beautiful Pacific surf.

S.P.'s Daylights give you foam rubber reclining Chair Car

seats... huge picture windows... economical Coffee Shop...Tavern

Car for refreshments and congenial company. Your seat is reserved.

So the next time you go to Los Angeles, see the magic city of San Francisco—then see California by Daylight.

For information and reservations for your California trip, call at our new Salt Lake City Ticket Office, or write T. E.

Hewitt, General Agent, 73 South Main St., Salt Lake City 1.

In Dome Car, you're right out in the scenery!

See the scenery en route Southern Pacific

See the quaint cable cars from S. R's spectacular new

and breathtaking hills DOME LOUNGE CARS

All dome and three yards wide—every

last seat "under glass"—S. P.'s unique

Dome Lounge Cars are part lounge and part terrace deck with refreshments served in both. There's a Dome Car on

the San Francisco Overland:, between

Ogden and San Francisco, to give you unbeatable views of the High Sierra country, by day both ways. And there's

another on the San Joaquin Daylight from the San Francisco Bay Area to Los

Angeles, showing you California's great

Central Valley. Just step inside one of

S. E's skywide and handsome Dome Cars,

and we think you'll say it's the most spec tacular thing on wheels you ever saw!

MAY 1956 331 ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON (Continued from page 330) mainly scientific and artistic.. "37

heads, surrounded by quetzal feathers, "... Teotihuacan must have exempliand six comparable ones on the other fied the best work of which a culture

side, making twelve. I also observed was capable. "?? I now observed their

that there had been twelve serpent objects, which appeared to me to be heads up the edges of the staircase beautifully carved. I had learned to

six on each side. Each serpent head admire the craftmanship of the Teoticontained twelve teeth. I saw a repetihuacan artisans, and to agree with

tion of the number twelve in temples, Vaillant's statement that "... the

there being four on the north, four Temple of Quetzalcoatl, Feathered on the west, and four on the south Serpent, the God of Learning, is side of the Quetzalcoatl quadrangle. splendid enough to qualify as the edi39 fice Milt renowned."for which was

of Quetzalcoatl The Temple now also learned that I had Teotihuacan to appeared be a beautiful to me Then, Listen To This... (Concluded on page 334) building in which erected had been

cit., 1213.:ilArchaeology op. in Mexico, pp. WE'LL SEND YOU honor of Jesus Christ by a "... peoAztecs B8George C. Vaillant, The Mexico of (New

ple who were skilled in many fields, York,x>Ibid.,1950),p. 71.p. 75. FREE

A Full Size Package of IVB.O- F*.

Jam and Jelly (USEPECTICOUPON BELOW) eenRichard L. Evans

This So Wonderful You Can Make

Treat—n a sense we should never be content with what we know. Berry Taste Frozen NEW

I But neither should we be cynical about what we don't a little knowledge, there the is always danger isn't UHC00RL0 ofknow.assumingWith that what so, that we don't know what we

JAMS can'texplanationsee isn'tis beyondthere, thatthe realmwhat ofliesreality.beyondButourthe eyesfact thatand

Make in Minutes... Ready to we don't know something doesn't mean that it isn't so.

Eat Soon as Made... FOR LESS There are so many compelling questions that we cannot anTHAN 15c A HALFPOUND swer right now; but there were more questions that we

By Using couldn't answer a century or a decade ago. Infinitely much

is as"that real cannot see see, we now as what and we can

The Amazing New Uncooked Jam for isn't to say, the "It cynic so it,"because I haven't seen

Recipes Developed Exclusively sheer shortsightedness. It has been our "faith in the subis

by M.C.P. PECTIN. stance of things not seen"that has kept the minds and spirits

of men moving forward into the illimitable future. And even

SEND TODAY FOR YOUR FREE an acutely inquiring mind must learn to accept much on

PACKAGE OF M.C.P. PECTIN! faith, while searching and waiting for the final and ultimate

answers. When it comes right down to ultimate answers,

if it is doubtful -Z. 3> makes a muscle o we even know what move. O -<CD

nyiCD a2SJ; of part the process, see of know may the and some we "> CD CD 'A$ We

Crq </5on CO - results, but for simply cannot sure say stored we energy how 3

S C5 CD Q> instantly becomes controlled mechanical motion. And it

would seem that men who do not even know for sure what ft makes a muscle move have much reason to be humble in "3 % approaching all our other unsolved problems, and much rea- m> (Ar son for dependence upon Divine Providence. There is enm $ infinitely discovered revealed eternal to be more in man's and

is there infinitely (6 march; accept that CD3 on we must much

zH o M faith—faith, with thankfulness for what we do know (which

use); than faith in is more of things the substance we wisely (i

seen, fe,) not which, with humbly if we walk minds hearts and nrm> (6 (4 open to truth, will surely sometime unfold before us.* S3 r<

(<? SQUARE FROM. TEMPLE Jhe SpoLn WoJ"COO CD13 PRESENTED OVER KSL BROADCASTING AND THE COLUMBIA

SYSTEM, MARCH II, 1956 Copyright 1956 CDr-j Revised. c4

332 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ## symbol of life for "preemie

The ancient Egyptian ankh was the symbol of both copper and life. Today that relationship still exists.

Take the case of the "preemie"—the premature baby whose life

may hang by a thread. In a modern hospital he is placed in an isolette

—the new, improved incubator. There he is shielded from outside

danger while electrically controlled heat and humidity help him win his battle for life. And copper, as the metal that controls the special

conditions he must have, is a key to his survival.

There is a special problem involved in producing copper for the isolette that helps save a "preemie's"life—as well as in producing

copper for the many thousands of other products needed for modern living.

Because the ore at Kennecott's Bingham Mine averages only about eighttenths of one percent copper, mass production methods must be used to recover the metal. And that requires the investment of

millions of dollars in special equipment.

Such an investment must be based on the hope of making a profit.

Profits were the incentive for the establishment of Kennecott Copper—they are the reason why this enterprise continues in business.

By earning a profit Kennecott is able to produce the metal symbolized by the ankh. And that symbol still stands for life, because

copper is the heart of the better modern electrical living that is vital to defense, industry, the home and the farm.

Kennecott Copper Corporation,-.,,'.....10w lUOUCDQaWAU

"A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah'

MAY 1956 333

ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON

(Concluded from page 332) had been made by master artists in means "the place where all go to murals, stone work, wood carvings, worship the gods."40 and clay. I marveled to learn that

through many pagan generations folAs I visited the various archaeological sites and museums, everywhere lowing the close of the Book of

Mormon period to the present time I looked I saw temples, pyramids, pottery, representations of men, and the American Indians had carefully, accurately, and artistically—although things, other numerous decorated

in a degenerated and adulterated You'll really quetzal, with feathers of the "sacred in their quetzalserpent symor bird of paradise,"and serpents, as form—

bols fulfilled the Christ of Jesus words enjoy these well as serpent heads, all symbolizing ".. wherein that he declared Quetzalcoatl or Jesus Christ. These. all

things hear record of me."

PEANUT BUTTER i0Archaeologij in Mexico Today, op. cit., pp. 1213. (The End)

THERE WERE JAREDI1ES These Peanut Butter Honey Crackles are just about the most mouthwater- (Continued from page 310) ing to tell an unfamiliar story using ing morsels to ever come out of a self represented as the mothergod- the conventional figures that he had kitchen! Always flavor fresh with dess, 'a combination that strikes the been trained to draw. I can best

Clabber Girl, they have a mellow modern mind (including your own) illustrate my thesis by another picrichness that is delightful. Here is a as ridiculous, but that is not so alien ture from the same book."He turned

new and different molded cooky recfrom ancient sentiment or unfamiliar to Facsimile No. 1. "What do you

ipe that will please appetites of all in the speculation of the mystics and see here?"

ages. gnostics,'the latter of Egyptian origin, "Obviously an embalmer at work,"

J Ram Mi... confusingyou need hardlyof the besexesreminded.in royal7:i cereThe saidwulstF.shookjauntily.his head.But Professor SchPEANUT BUTTER HONEY CRACKLES monies is a highly characteristic "There is something wrong here.

Yield: 5 dozen cookies Egyptian usage. Bear in mind now As has often been observed, the

all14 strained honey cup cups sifted 1 H of or rules canons Egyptian drawing in that their capacity heirs as rightful flour purpose 1 egg strict are extremely formal. and 71 They to his throne, the son teaspoons Pharaoh and 1/4 pieces Chocolate

Girl Clabber shelled, or in specialized in pictures funeral completely identified the were with Baking Powder salted, whole

XA teaspoon salt peanuts "Two Ladies,"who are never absent which there was a proper way to deshortening 3 tablespoons cup }i granulated sugar from a coronation scene, no matter pict every little thing; but this is a butter Yi. cup peanut

scene, is unconventional though the highly was missing. What

that it I must admit with Mr. Blank H browncup firmlysugarpacked H orangeteaspoonrindgrated whoexpressionelse just Professor Schwulst

Sift together flour, Baking Powder, quoted from Gardiner? The king was was surely drawn by an Egyptian. I

and salt. Cream together thoroughly 'identified in his own person'with am trying to figure out what is

the shortening, peanut butter, brown the "two ladies."Here you have it wrong."

sugar, and honey. Beat in egg. Stir in very plainly."Blank tried to be helpful: "You

until blended. ingredients dry Form

"But isn't this simply the wellwill agree that the only way an insert 1 chocolate 1-inch balls; into

piece or 1 peanut meat into center known Egyptian judgment scene?"F. Egyptian artist could draw was by

of each ball and reshape. Combine protested, "the one found so often in setting down stock figures he had

granulated sugar with orange rind funeral texts?"learned by heart. Now suppose someartist to a asked such an draw one this roll "balls"Place mixture. in and 'typical'to call "If a you want

. scene. original completely balls ungreased 2 apart inches on What

esthe most scene which one from 375 sheet. in F. (modar- a cooky Bake simply do? would he would He sential removed been elements have until or to erate) minutes 12 15 oven his of figures familiar the range

totally to conspicuous but and which crackled. lightly Cool browned and repertoire in a comunusual and new added, figures unfamiliar have been racks. on cake is exactly position, that we and what

case,"coun- a Blank might have you its this picture here. on have Turn

tered. side, and Dr. Schwulst will imme-

"But you can find these figures in diately recognize what the man on

CLABBER anyall ofcollectionthem...."of Egyptian drawings the"Hecouchis ispraying,"doing."the other anGIRL ness,"ThatI believe.is the keyWhatto thewewholehave busihere sweredthe properwithoutandhesitation.conventional"He isattiin

Is Now are conventional figures in an untude of adoration—right foot thrust

Exclusively Known as the conventional order. They were obforward and hands raised before the

Powder Baking Egyptian; even with the viously by an drawn of depicting correct the face—that is Double Action Balanced conceal engraving cannot the bad it."the supplication, about doubt no

HULMAN & COMPANY authentic and inimitable Egyptian "So the artist was instructed to

TERRE HAUTE. INDIANA style; but it was an Egyptian labor (Continued on page 336)

334 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Take me home to the Ball Game

Baseball is as much a part of the American scene as lemonade, hot dogs and family gatherings.

Mountain West families find great sport each Saturday at 11 a.m.

watching Major League Baseball on KSLTV, Channel 5. And tune

in 15 minutes earlier, at 10:45 a.m., for Dizzy Dean and "Baseball

Preview."Be watching for great sport

families agree on channel KSL'TV

MAY 1956 335

THERE WERE JAREDITES

(Continued from page 334) take his seat on the great throne... the gods of It's entirely draw a man praying, and he did it which the gods made

in the proper way. But he was also the horizon will come to him on their

...'(Pyr. 1154b1155c; Automatic... toldon anto representaltar. Thethevictimsame couldn'tman boundbe faces,bowing anddown.the imperishable stars

bound if the artist was going to show 1535b-c.) (Remember that Joseph to

him supplicating, but he could put whom the stars bowed down was

ELECTRIC himthe strangeon his incongruityback. So hereof a youmanhaveasalsoitself anis Egyptiana thing ofruler!)wonder,Themadethroneall

suming the attitude of prayer in a of copper or of iron. (Pyr. 1992cWATER supine position. 'I lifted up my 2012a.)"

voice,'it says (Abr. 1:15), '... and "Sounds like the court of the Great HEATING the angel of his presence stood by me, Khan,"Blank volunteered.

and immediately unloosed my bands.'"If you think so listen to this:

costs the If an Egyptian artist was told to rep- 'Open the double doors, that thou average resent an angel, what would he do, mayest stand at their head... they

family Professor Schwulst?"enter, they are smitten with fear;

only "He would draw a bird. The Egypthey depart, they lift up their heads. D about tians always represent spirits that go... Thy brother stands beside thee,

a dime...'thee. relatives beside stand they thy even come as birds, when and a day

right Isn't that out (Pyr. 255a256b.) of as having are thought human

form. The reason for that is obvious: of Ibn Batuta? And when the king

Buy from Your Deafer or Plumber birds are the only visible creatures raises his hand, they must all stand that can leave the surface of the up, 'and if N. lowers his hand toBe Modern,,. earth.is a wholeBut cyclemoreof specifically,Egyptian legendsthere wardshe callsthem,for theya thousandsit down,'thevandhastenwhen

Live Electrically dealing with the messenger bird of to prostrate themselves before him.

Ammon, who is the hawk; sometimes (Pyr. 1563a-c.) 'He sits upon that

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. it is Ammon in person who goes forth firm throne, whose knobs are lions,

from the shrine, but then he too (who whose feet are the hoofs of the great is never otherwise represented in any wild bull... "A prince of all princes

A abuthawk.humanIn form)the talestakesit istheoftenshapehardof thisappointis,"N.theyamongsay ofthehim;gods.'and (Pyr.they

deal great is a 1 124c.) There 1 124atell or to the messenger whether KITCHEn CHARITl vein, in though and the same more is in a bird or angel human form.

the imagery may be adapted to a WAXED PAPER But certainly no Egyptian artist

KEEPS FOOD wouldsenger oras couldanythingrepresentbut aa divine mesfuneraryfrom observationscontext, itof isrealplainlycourtdrawnlife."75 bird—pref- "In other words, a real and tangiFRESHER LONGER! erably a hawk."

"Being asked to show a priest ble 'epic milieu'behind the imagery?"

about to offer human sacrifice,""Yes, such court scenes abound in

Blank continued, "the artist draws a the epics. They are not only real but

figure like an embalmer with a knife, also typically heroic."

but he is careful to show by his garb "Would you say that the conflict and attitude that he is not an embetween men and serpents so often balmer."mentioned in the Egyptian texts goes

"We could go on like this all back to real events,"Blank asked night,"said F., growing uneasy. suddenly, "or is it symbolic?"

"How about getting back to the sub- "No need to be symbolic about ject? This Rp't rite that the Profesit,"Schwulst replied, opening an

sor has been telling us about opened Egyptian handbook to the part on the way to the throne to ambitious snakes and reading from it: 'For the

princes and thereby made much protection of human life, the Egyptrouble for Pharaoh, wasn't that the tians had to wage a constant war on theme?"snakes and scorpions. 7,i But what is

"Right,"said Professor Schwulst. your idea on the subject? You have

"Pharaoh could never afford to be too brought some notes which you want trusting, as Amenemhet I once told to put into the record. Let's have

his son. Already in the Pyramid them."

texts the king puts on a terrific show: "Well,"said Blank with suppressed

'Introduce N. with trembling; adore enthusiasm, "I have long suspected

of great plague a even that there you all, was has honored N. who WITH MILLIONS POPULAR first the of race in the days the alserpents as commands he human HOUSEWIVES... OF

...'will 'He (Pyr. 516a.) do. page 338) so to on {Continued ALL GROCERS LEADINGAT

336 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Transform your back porch into a modern patio room

with Fuller building products

Best the Demand the to the patio room new has opened exciting of the most one Xlere is are the Products Building Fuller louvre winTrimview room. And in a long living seen we've jobsremodeling can buy finest you

time. Fuller's decorating staff has taken dows have been added to the bedroom

a typical concrete slab back porch, for controlled ventilation. The louvre Plate Glass Mirrors Sliding Glass Doors

added little expense and a lot of inopening on the patio room is frosted and Windows Glass and Fiber Glass genuity, and come up with a handsome, to give needed privacy. Panels Louvre and Casement Windows

Screens Window and Door Sliding patio livable, new completely the P. Fuller can Co. work and room. W. Enclosures Fixtures Tub Bath Chrome

all with done W. P. Fuller it was inAnd you, for new magic same Cabinets Medicine Doors Shower

! products building at old remodeling or rooms buildingones—and

The walls are Fuller's new Trimview a surprisingly low cost. For full inforaluminum sliding screens. During winmation, consult the nearest branch of

ter months these rustproof screens can W. P. Fuller & Co., or write: W. P. W.R Fuller & Co. FULLR

be used with, or interchanged with Fuller & Co., Dept. GL, 301 Mission The West's

Trimview sliding glass doors and glass St., San Francisco 19, Calif. They will Leader in walls. The roof is Alsynite translucent be happy to give you a free estimate. PAINTS

Paint and glass fiber panels. It's lightweight, In many cases the complete job can be weather resistant, easy to install. A done under Fuller's Easy Payment Glass & GLASS

handsome Trimview sliding glass door Plan for Home Improvement.

MAY 1956 337

There Were Jaredites

(Continued from page 336) Pharaohs, the and circumstances described in the Egyptian records are so very much like those reported in

Ether that I am going to ask you to listen to the two descriptions and judge for yourselves. Here are the

pertinent passages from the Mormon record. Early in their history, after

House dresses, aprons stay clean longer, Children's clothes stay clean, look fresh only half a dozen or so kings had feel fresher, look nicer are finish easier to and longer a light Faultless with of reigned over them there came a time finish give of Starch. a light wash Faultless if you old them gives Starch even

Faultless Starch. Faultless Starch also clothes a new, crisp look. The light finish of

contains ironingaids to make ironing of starch helps keep dirt on the surface, smooth and easy—a joy, not a joh. Use makes clothes easier to wash next washday.... great dearth upon the land, and the

Faultless Starch and see the difference! There's no starch like Faultless Starch! inhabitants began to be destroyed exceeding

fast, because of the dearth, for there was no rain upon the face of the earth.

And there came forth poisonous serpents also upon the face of the land, and did poison many people. And it came to pass

that their flocks began to flee before the How to make clothes poisonous serpents, towards the land southward,... [and] there were many of them

which did perish by the way; nevertheless, stay clean longer there were some which fled into the land

southward. (Ether 9:3032.)

Do you get the picture? A great

drought, a southward movement of cattle to better pastures, people and cattle both plagued by serpents! Some

of the cattle get through to the 'land southward,'apparently a region where tropical rains could be relied on, but a great distance away, since most of them never made it. It was

the 'dearth'incidentally, that destroyed the people, not the serpents.

The animals were looking for grass,

Cotton blouses, dresses look like new, Men's shirts stay "morningfresh"hours of course, and the people followed

Faultless longer starched with washings, repeatedeven after when when them: '... the people did follow the to iron! Faultless Starch. Starch. Faultless they're so easy withstarched Use And

Starch restores the original body and feel, Faultless Starch and see what smooth, course of the beasts, and did devour helps clothes stay clean longer. Easy beautifid shirts you can turn out. Your the carcasses of them which fell by

fordirections will be proud to wear hot, cold or bottled husband making them, and the way, until they had devoured too! comfortable, arestarch the box. on he'll be more

them all.'(Ibid., 9:34.) After that,

; it says, the serpents 'pursued them

no more,'but they did present a definite barrier to the southern migration of the people, who were able to return to something like a normal economy when it finally rained, 'and there began to be fruit in the north countries, and in all the countries round about.'(Ibid., 9:35.) Still it

was not until over two hundred years later that 'the poisonous serpents were destroyed'and the people could go into the land southward. That

stay play clothes cleanWork clothes, or bottled, prefer hot, cold Whether you longer if dirt doesn't light grind in. easier, quicker, or better there is no A way means, of course, that this was no

starching with Faultless Starch helps keep to starch anything than with Faultless local or temporary condition. It was

dirt surface. the Faultless on finest StarchStarch. starch The laundry The money miles a of snakein- more than few

is toRinse easy an give everything familiar in this way can package comes buy fested desert that nation kept a whole the of finish protection a lightyou wash of big with star red the the and HouseGood starch. Try Faultless Starch next washday keeping Seal. Look for it at your grocer's. out of the lush south country for two

centuries and more. In its years of

FREE ROOKLET to help you do perfect starching and easy ironing with less work is isolation the land southward had beyours on request. Send your name and address to Faultless Starch Co., Kansas City 1, Mo. come a paradise for game, and it had

338 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

always been favorite grazing land for the herds. (Ibid., 10:19.) We are told

that in the days of King Lib, 'who became a great hunter,''the poisonous serpents were destroyed,'and the south country was opened up—but

not to settlement: '... they did preserve the land southward for a wilderness, to get game. And the whole face

of the land northward was covered before you (Ibid., inhabitants.'10:21.)with buy a a great city 'they built byMoreover

the narrow neck of land, by the place water heater, where the sea divides the land,'(ibid.,

10:20)—divides it into north and M

south, that is, for there were no cities in the southland proper. All this

activity seems to have been part of a great period of expansion and settlement in the days of Lib."

(To be continued)

BIBLIOGRAPHY

B4The late Egyptian story of Petubastis called "The Fight for the Rights of Ammon,"reads so much like a typical IndoEuropean epic that Pieper was frankly suspicious twentyfive years ago, though no evidence has been found to prove that it was not of native Egyptian origin; see M. Pieper,

Die aegyptische Literatur (WildparkPots- dam, 1927), pp. 9092.

5"Re appears from the beginning "in his ere's a lot more castle splendor court ahigh with whose re- n price to consider flects kings, of courts the glory the of earthly and transplants to heaven the life of a when you buy a water heater.

king of the Old Kingdom, with its archives, messengers, ceremonies, and the rest,"thus Fowler water heaters have stood the test of time.

S. Schott, Mythenbildung, pp. 1718. For nearly half a century they have delivered

50Egyptian population is described by dependable water heating service at lowest cost.

classical writers as composed of three classes only: priests, warriors, and artisans—with By being the first to offer glasslining, Fowler

never a mention of farmers; thus Plato, water heaters have proved conclusively that durTimaeus III, 22A; Diodorus, Bibl, I, 74. able porcelain... bondedto-steel inside the tank

to are tied the peasants soil andThe belong... prevents rust and corrosion. Fowler water it; cf.to Breasted, Ancient whoever owns J.

Records, I, 285 (No. 630). In a few Pyraheaters with glasslining consistently outlast

mid Texts {e.g., 422), Pharaoh tills the other makes

ritually, stand these pieces outground but to glasslining, In addition safe Fowler has content. rest in stylesharply from the and

heat"elements, triple insulation against auf des "black Helck, "Rp't Thorn dem r'7W.

Gb,"Orientalia 19 (1950), 417f. heat loss, external adjustable temperature conthat Ibid., 430f. It should be noted some trols for top operating efficiency.

identifiedEgyptologists, Moret, notably have

Atum with Adam. Fowler glasslined electric water heaters are

""Ibid., pp. 418f. backed by the manufacturer's 20year warranty.

p. 169. ""Gardiner, Egyptian Grammar,

See Fowler Whatever your requirements, there's a Fowler 430. '"Helck, op. cit., pp. 433,

""Ibid., 430. at your dealer's soon, water heater to meet your needs. For only a few

Ibid., pp. 422-5, 433. or write dollars more than the cost of an ordinary water

'"Gardiner, op. cit., p. 73; cf. Moret, op. the factory for heater, you can buy this better Fowler and be sure

cit., I, 185.

0EHelck, op. cit., pp. 424f. full details. of satisfying service for many years to come.

"Hans Bonnet, Reallexikon der aegyptischen Religionsgeschichte (Berlin: De

Gruyter, 1952), p. 397.

"Ibid., p. 399, fig. 102.

Pyr. Text, 625a; cf. 622a625d.

onBonnet, op. cit., p. 57. ELECTRIC mIbid., 685f, 432. pp. AND GAS WATER the papyrus 7XAs symbolizes Lower Egypt GLASSLINED

so the the Egypt,and sedge (shema) Upper lotus represents as land, the whole on a DISTRIBUTED BY: FLINT DISTRIBUTING CO. 316SALTWestLAKE2ndCITY,South UTAHStreet

(Continued on following page) MAY 1956 339 There Were Jaredites

{Continued from preceding page) thronescene in the Papyrus of Hunefer, where a lotus, springing up before the throne, exactly as in Plate iii of the Book of Abraham, supports the gods of the Four

Regions; reproduced in Budge, Papyrus of

Ani, I, 241, fig. 1.

72Moret, op. cit., II, 528f.

TSC. H. V. Sutherland, "The Historical

Evidence of Greek and Roman Coins,"in

Greece and Rome IX (No. 26, 1940), pp.

73ff.

T4Interesting commentaries on the rigid canons of ancient art may be found in Kees,

Aegypten, p. 265; B. Meissner, in Altorient.

Texte, II (2/3), pp. 1221; and E. D. Van

Buren, in Orientalia, 18 (1949), p. 498.

TuSchwulst is probably thinking of the

Nectanebos tale and the PseudoCallisthenes and some Oriental accounts of the wooing of Olympia, or even of A. B. Cook, Zeus.

(Cambridge, 1925).

,0A. Wiedemann, Das alte Aegypten

(Heidelberg, 1920), p. 247. CanYOUBetter Serve Your

WARD - STAKE - CHURCH Hyrum's Prophecy

baptized of the about two hundred Attend leadership Week (Continued from page 307) of the Church,""cold, dead members

June 1822 and brought many of them to Naufamilies so, "several voo. Even who

EVERYONE is not Issues INVITEDThe of week Music, the World, Writing, refaith not strong in the were only officers, for Church but anyone Workshop, Drama Health, for "How"may attend. the Housewife, Family Life Institute, mained,"in the words of one non-

5 Literature, History, and dozens resident. Mormon GREAT of the SPEAKERS—Members GenofCoaching, others. eral Authorities leaders and other great Saints were engaged in While the day RECREATION daily. will speak AND CULTUREEvery

finest enjoy concerts, the the movies, building Kirtland you Temple, may on Stay right camACCOMMODATIONS—dancing, dramas, fashion deshows, the held township well have may enjoy pus in comfortable rooms, and etc. bates, exhibits,

hearty, inexpensive meals. REGISTRATION—Only a dollar registralargest population in northern Ohio.

INTENSIVE COURSESYou may choose tion fee entitles you to admission to all Even after the main exodus, the from vital courses such as Genealogy classes, outline materials, attendance at census of 1840 gives the population

Institute, Improvement of Teaching, Great all events.

of Kirtland township as 1,778. But

Write Extension Division for a free program Kirtland township was dying. It

continued its downward trend for many years. In 1890 it claimed only

909 people, fewer than before the Brigham Young University Saints first arrived. Actually only in

P R O V O UTAH recent years has the township regained a substantial part of the population it claimed when it was the cradle of the Church. The census ofSALT LAKE'S NEWEST HOTEL 1950 reported a population of 2,663.

Kirtland at one time held promise of business and industrial growth, but it was not to be. In this it shared

the fate of Lake County of which it is part. Lake County at one time

supported a substantial iron industry, but after the Civil War the area did not develop industrially as did other

The place to stay regionswriter putof northeasternit, "A dozenOhio.ghosttownAs one

sites testify to a great change in the

The place to eat county's pattern of life. Long ago

these were important places: Madison

Dock, once a prosperous shipbuild- 340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ing center; Arcole, a furnace site;

Dodd's Mill and Peace Mills, oncelively mill towns; New Market, at Make a tunaburger

a field seat, a county time nowone to HKe.hey make gone River thealong Grand it int$tttattdwith

weeds...."

Isn't it strange that this should White Star of a county that, the fate beenhave surtender tuna cuts original of tlje opinion thein veyors of northeastern Ohio, was destined to become the most valuable land in the entire region? Yet other

places in that region have flourished until they are today among the wealthiest cities in the nation, en- I Slice hamburger bun into compassing Cleveland, Ohio's largest three sections metropolis; Youngstown, a steel center; Akron, the world's largest rubber

manufacturing center; and others.

Lake County was bypassed in this Mix equal parts of catsup and mayonnaise and development, and even today Kirtspread on bottom section; top with two

land could almost certainly not sup-. or three thin pickle slices

port its residents by its own productivity.

It might erroneously be supposed that Kirtland is a desolate land. In

reality it is situated in one of the most beautiful areas of Ohio. Its verdant

rolling hills usually elicit such comments from Latterday Saint visitors as, "It is obvious why the Westfrom Tuna Star Brand White Mix 3 Kirtland."chose The many the Lord

little celery and with chopped a fine estates of the millionaires from

Cleveland are a pleasure to behold, onion, a squeeze of lemon juice and although it must be added that few enough mayonnaise to moisten.

of these, if any, are selfsustaining. Heap on the second section, then

The retarded economic developstack the three sections together.

ment of the area, however, is probably not the sole key to the scourge that the Prophet Hyrum was speaking about. The main scourge, doubtless was the terrible spirit of bitterness and apostasy with all of its

attendant mental anguish and deWrap in aluminum foil moralization that descended upon the and heat in moderate oven inhabitants of the region. (375) for about 15 minutes

In October 1845, President Brig-—or eat without heating,

ham Young received a letter from if you prefer

Reuben McBride, presiding elder in

Kirtland, stating that the apostates were doing everything they could to injure the Saints and that they had broken into the house of the Lord and taken possession of it and were trying to take possession of the

Church farm. 7 Look far +he

The St. Louis Luminary on February 17, 1855, published an article Bhhcfe Metmid

containing this statement: on the label, and

at the Pirate Ship We called at Kirtland—found some tolerRestaurant in

ably good Saints considering circumstances, Disneyland.

and many apostates. They have all become

"rappers"and deny the Christ. They have

they temple, of the possession and taken s robbers. thieves and better off than are no

(Continued on following page) MAY 1956 341 for dances, shows, used games, was SEE THE Hyrum's Prophecy public meetings, school. and a The

(Continued from preceding page)

The Kirtland Temple was desecurtains of the temple were taken HISTORY crated. It is reported to have served as spoils. Souvenir collectors pried

as a stable or barn for a time. It plaster from the walls. OF THE

CHURCH WITH Ars jarenU and Lklidmn Loofne to Lommon Ljround Richard L. Evans

Tt is an odd thing, in a way, how each generation seems to THREE DIMENSION * feel that each preceding generation is somewhat oldFULL COLOR PICTURES fashioned—how each generation listens impatiently to the

lessons of the last. Youth is so sure the rules have changed.

Age is sure they haven't. Youth feels it knows how far it

can go. Age is deeply aware of the danger. Youth feels it

OF LATTER can always apply the brakes in time to save itself. Age knows

it isn't always so. And so parents frequently find themselves

groping, reaching, pleading, trying to say what should be said, in a way that will not be misunderstood, in a way that will not seem meddlesome. And always there is great need for

parents and children to come to common ground, and to say to one another what should so much be said. And so we would

plead this day with parents and with children to be more understanding with one another, to come to common ground:

To you as parents, to remember when you were young; to

remember why you wanted to do some things you wanted to do; to remember how eager you were for social acceptance

—how sensitive you were to illtimed criticism, and how

HISTORICAL TEMPLES AND PLACES easily your hearts could be hurt; and how some things which

now seem less important, once mattered very much. All this

* Includes new Los Angeles Temple. as parents we ask you to remember. And now to you, our

fullcolor* 21 beautiful threedimension picchildren, to you in your youth: Why should you suppose

tures of historic sites from Hill Cumorah west. that the basic rules have really changed in the few short

years since your parents were as young as you? The road

Three reel packet $1.00 seems new to you. It isn't new to them. They've been over

it, still is still essentially traveling the are and it it. They

Viewer $2.00

faster; more; same. have acquired some have we we move We

Projector $9.95 things and lost others—but it is still true that causes are

as ask your parconsequences. followed always you by And

KttS&BB!SBS&8&S$B& ALL ITEMS this this also ents to of you, will you remember remember

POSTPAID of them: that they were young, not very long ago, as you

are young today—that they once thought your thoughts;

that they once felt they too had found new ways and felt your longings for flight and freedom—and since have learned

the wisdom of restraint. Remember, too, that parents have

hearts that can be hurt; that they, like you, are sensitive to

illtimed criticism and to misunderstanding of their motives.

Remember that there is nothing, in righteousness, they would not do for you. They are yours and you are theirs, and you

to privilege, duty, the right, the the they together have and CO.DESERET BOOK

44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah sit consider your dethoughts your and and share down

Gentlemen: cisions with one another, that both of you together may be

Enclosed please find ( ) check ( ) money pray and plan toorder ( ) charge to my account $ listened to and respected—and work and for: ( ) Historical Temples and Places set. gether for the wholeness of your happiness—always and

( ) Viewer. ( ) Junior Projector. forever.

Name Jhe Spohenjpoxen Word from temple square

Address PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, MARCH 4, 1956 City Zone... State Copyright 1956

Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Martin Harris, one of the three It is comforting to know that Missionaries have labored in the witnesses to the Book of Mormon and Martin Harris subsequently was region for many years, but until re- a man high in the early council of reconciled to the Church and that cently the work of the Church lagged the Church, provides a pathetic picby popular subscription funds were behind other districts of the mission.

ture of one who failed to heed Hyraised for his transportation to Utah Today, however, the membership is rum's prophecy. For a time he supin 1870 where he spent his remaingrowing rapidly, having more than

ported the claims of James J. Strang, ing years. [See The Improvement doubled in the past five years. Ten

leading dissenter after the Prophet's Era, July 1955, p. 505ff.] branches have been organized thus

death. In 1846 he went to England Hyrum's prophecy was not limited far, and others are contemplated for

as a missionary for Strang's group, to the members in Kirtland townthe notfar-distant future. A chapel

although he shortly became disilluship or the county of which it is a in Akron has been acquired by pursioned in that cause and returned to part. It appears to have applied to chase, and one in Cleveland has been

Kirtland. the entire Kirtland Stake, most of the built by the members. At least two

Mr. Christopher Grary, a nonbranches of which were in northother branches expect to commence

member early pioneer of Kirtland, eastern Ohio in an area about oneconstruction within a year, and the makes this interesting observation of sixth the size of the state of Utah. remaining branches are raising funds

the poverty which had overtaken Suffice it to say that the Church disfor construction.

Martin Harris: appeared from the entire region. The district and the branches are

Are we now entering the second patterned insofar as possible after

In 1867 acting or 1868, while as township phase of Hyrum's prophecy? stake and ward organizations. Twotrustee, to complaint was made me that

Martin Harris was destitute of a home,... yet your children may possess them, elders quorums have been organized

poorly clothed, feeble, burdensome to friends, but not until many years shall pass away; within the past two years, affording

... I will forth then and send and build to heand that to the ought be poortaken special satisfaction fact of the in view

it Kirtland, shall up polished be and andhouse. flats to investithe to I went down first elders of that the the quorum

... refined to according word. mygate, at and the found near him home

temple, with a family lately moved in, Church was established there.

strangers to me. He seemed to dread the Most of the branches of the KirtIt is a source of further satisfaction

poorhouse very much. The lady of the land Stake were situated in an area that Latterday Saints in the region

of saidhouse take care she would him corresponding roughly with the North are well received by their communitheir lasted,while quite and means I was the Great Ohio District of MisLakes ties. are successful highly and Manywilling task the of to postpone unpleasant

taking him to the poorhouse. Everybody sion. In this area today there are esteemed. The membership includes

felt sympathy for him. 9 over a thousand members. (Concluded on following page)

see HISTORIC PLACES and TEMPLES of the CHURCH highlights of a remarkable heritage... in the living realism

of fullcolor, three dimension pictures by ViewMaster

See the Joseph Smith home... magnificent temples... places of worship and

historic significance. Here, in brilliant three dimension pictures, ViewMaster

brings you a permanent record of outstanding landmarks and inspirational scenes from both the past and the present. This new threereel packet, with 21 pictures,

is an inspiring, educational "picture trip"that the entire family may enjoy again and again... a lasting remembrance of your own travels to these famous sites.;

afrd a thoughtful and worthwhile gift.

COLOR PICTURES

AT SELECTED FWT G4F T, DR U G AR0 DEPARTMENT STORES

MAY 1956 343.

Hymm's Prophecy

(Concluded from preceding page) doctors, university professors, scienRio Grande Building Supply Headquarters tists, a prominent maritime lawyer, several executives in business and ay Pardner.. government,school students,a andnumberothersof engageddental

pring's Here in equally honorable occupations.

One member of the Church presided top Dreaming over the twenty Kiwanis Clubs of the

Cleveland area and has held other tart Building important position with the Kiwanis

International.

the throughout the Saints In 1954

ITEMOF-MONTH Fences Garages to thrilled the dedication by region for ONLY MAY Redwood Styles, Many President of a new O. David McKay ft. Plastic Hose 50

only Several Styles Designs, Sizes chapel in Cleveland, only twenty $2.47 Materials Complete Materials Complete miles from the Kirtland Temple. The

also as low as as low as beautiful chapel, built almost enNozzle Brass Hose running ft. PW**"per month served as a reminder of the sacrifices 57 cents 96c tirely by the labors of the members,

of the earlier Kirtland Saints. TelePhone EM 4-7876 gramsceived fromof congratulationsthe governor wereof Ohio,re- g*% THE J%

the governor of Utah, the mayor of

Cleveland, and many other prominent men throughout Ohio and the nation. %l*G/taneU The ground breaking for this ediLUMBER COMPANY fice was greeted by the following

540 WEST SECOND SOUTH editorial in the Cleveland Press:

MMM.II. fia If Joseph Smith, the dedicated and

courageous founder of the Mormon Church, were living today, he would take special pride in the news that a new Mormon

You'll also Chapel shortly will be built on Lake Avenue want to near Edgewater Park.

visit: The building would, for him, undoubtedly

be the confirmation of his own faith, once

TACOMA shared by too few in northern Ohio, that to Gateway and strength spiritual had the the Church

Rainier Mount grow. to live and substance economic and Olympic

National Parks It was the religious forebears of the builders of this chapel, first in Cleveland, who! McNARY DAM constructed a Mormon Temple more than

i Photogenic, 120 years ago in nearby Kirtland....

scenic wonder And it must be with great pride that their that can now note Cleveland Mormons; 0LYMPIA the is to sufficient push strength Church's

Capitol their onceof route the frontier back above buildings,

I gardens tragic march, and that they can build a in Kirtspot to the historic so close chapel stood. their early temple land where "MOUNT'S

-BAKER AND SHUKSAN? Near Bellingham, REFERENCES

Ifor scenery, "History of the Church, Vol. IV, pp. 443Swimming at Hood Canal Jfishing,wildflowerS;

Come on in -the water's fine in 'lewis & clark 444.-E. O. Randall and D. J. Ryan, History

'highway of Ohio, Vol. Ill, pp. 408409. STATE WASHINGTON Record, Historical lAlong mighty Jenson, The sAndrew is Swimmingboating-fishingWashington State a water Columbia I River Vol. V, p. 79. you'll sports wonderland. Just part find of the fun your on Gorge I 1842. 9, February 'Painsville Telegraph, this best- -all vacation, State. of in Washington summer

I PerPioneer and "Christopher G. Grary,

SEND TODAYfor this WASHINGTONRoom No. 1568,STATE TransportationADVERTISING COMMISSIONBldg. sonal"OhioReminiscences,State Archaeologicalp. 60. and Historical

beautiful, fullcolor booklet Olympia, Washington 5. History, p. Society, County Lake picturing Please State send Washington your Free natural me

VII, Vol. p. 484. Church, 'History color of the booklet on State. Washington attractions. vacation

Yours for the asking: Temples of the Most High, p. 45.

other booklets describing your special "Christopher G. Grary, Pioneer and Perin: interest

p. 44. Reminiscences, State sonal RECREATION editorial, Monday, Cleveland Press, 10The CRUISING PARKS and n(CheckMOUNTAINSPHOTOGRAPHYthe ones want) you FISHING 1953. 8, June D

344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Meadows

(Concluded from page 319) every little breeze that skipped across from Baldwin their dewy tips. Longstemmed purple America's first family in music

violets grew in clumps or strayed among the grasses or waded into the clear bright water and seemed, each in its own perfection, to have been waiting there just for me.

The willow trees leaned over the water and fluttered their leaf fingers at their own reflection or dipped at the weight of small birds who sang out their love for the meadow. Water

cress, sturdy and green, and peppery to taste, sent its white roots into the sand where the brook deepened into still dark pools.

An earthy damp fragrance hung over this meadow, and to my childish eyes an enchanted haze seemed to fold it in a complete secret pocket, away from the world. I believed the

fairies gathered there. I felt their

presence and watched eagerly for every sign of them. And they were

there! Who can say they were not?

For I have carried the spell they laid upon me through all these years, so that now I need only to shut my eyes a superb new organ to slip back again, to lie captive to

childhood. their magic in the meadow of my...Baldwin Model 5A

Meadows hold more than meets the To the Baldwin Model 5, for more than 8 years the most wanted of all eye. For each man their meanings electronic organs for church use, Baldwin now adds outstanding new feamay be different, colored by the tures, creating a comprehensive new instrument, the Baldwin Model 5A.

thoughts he carries to them, as well

STOPS as by those he takes away; but for

PEDAL SWELL GREAT filled so with are 8'wonme, meadows 16'16'Violin Diapason Bourdon Diapason Open 8'8'6'1 Flute Dulciana Stopped Diapason Open sanctity with and der, beauty, with 8'6'1 8'Saiicional Flute Bourdon NEW 8'8'8'Cello Trompette Dulciana in of joy surely grace, that cup my 8'8'8'Flute Clarinet Tuba NEW 8'4'8'Horn French Principal Octave NEW over! runneth them 8'4'Orchestral Flute Rohr Oboe NEW NEW COUPLERS 8'2'Fifteenth Humana Vox NEW

8'8'4'to Pedal Swell Flute NEW Orchestral NEW VIBRATOS 8'8'to Pedal Scilicet Great 4

Full Light, Medium and 4'NEW 4'Swell to Swell Clarion NEW NEW 1 6'2'to Great Swell MANUALS NEW Flautino NEW 8'Swell toGreat each. Great, Swell 61 keys and

4'to Swell Great NEW These Times

EXPRESSION (Continued from page 290) specialNEW separateswitch toexpressioncontrol pedalpedalstonesforfromeachdesiredmanualmanual.with

The elected Vice President of the PEDALS

United States (constitutional) would be 32 note, concave, radial, detachable—built to standard specifications.

ACCESSORIES constituhis present in picture in the

Switch Operating Pilot Light Pedal Light is in the Tone Color Variant MainFull Echo status. tional His importance

AMPLIFICATION SYSTEM the field nolitical, congressional where amplificain channel the console for two NEW—Provision

tones. pedal from separately amplified tion—with manualis madetones duties plus such places him, Constitution

(membership in the National Security

Council, ceremonial representative and The BALDWIN Piano Company, Organ Division, Department IE56, Cincinnati 2, Ohio speeches) as might be assigned. O Send information on New Baldwin Model 5A

Send information on other Electronic organs built by Baldwin

The Executive Vice President would Send information on Baldwin's unique ManufacturerCustomer Finance Plan accept responsibility, under the President, for administrative operations as ORGANIZATION.

follows: BY.

The Executive Vice President ADDRESS.

1. The Secretary of Agriculture

2. The Secretary of Commerce CITY ZONE STATE (Continued on page 347) L

MAY 1956 345 Melchizedek Priesthood

Melchizedek PriesthoodOrdinations and Settings Apart

The Holy Melchizedek Priesthood the gospel and holdeth the key... of the Priesthood or "Holy Priesthood, after

First—Priesthood Defined: knowledgeTherefore,of inGod.the ordinances thereof, the the Order of the Son of God."4

power of godliness is manifest.

Keys to the Priesthood without the ordinances thereof, And and a. Priesthood is power—the power the authority of the priesthood, the power of God. of godliness is not manifest unto men in First—Meaning of "Keys to the

the flesh.3 Priesthood."

Priesthood is the power by which the Eternal Father and his Only Be- d. Priesthood is the power of God According to the Prophet Joseph

gotten Son perform all their works in delegated to man. Smith, the Melchizedek Priesthood

righteousness both in heaven and on holds "... the keys of the kingdom

earth. It is the power by which the According to the Prophet Joseph of God in all ages of the world to the

Divine Creator organized the heavens Smith, priesthood is the "power of latest posterity on the earth."5

and the earth and set the laws into God delegated to man to act in his Not only has the priesthood been operation which govern the various stead here upon this earth."Those given to worthy members of the

heavenly bodies. It is the power by to whom this priesthood has been Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

which the works of God have been given have the power to officiate in Saints, but some of them have also accomplished during the past or are the ordinances of the gospel, to speak received what has been termed by accomplished at the present time and in the name of the Lord, and to perthe Lord as the "keys to the priestwill continue to be accomplished in form all the duties pertaining to the hood."These keys constitute the

the future. building up of the kingdom of God power by which the priesthood is

upon the earth. made available for the use of men in

b. Priesthood is God's channel of building up the Church and the

revealing knowledge. e. Priesthood is sealing power of kingdom of God here on the earth.

gospel ordinances. There is a symbolism involved in the

From age to age throughout the word keys, a key being an instrument various gospel dispensations, accordPriesthood is a power by which all to unlock or open a door; thus the

ing to the Prophet Joseph Smith: the ordinances of the gospel are perkeys of the kingdom or the keys of

formed and are made valid in this the priesthood constitute the power

., [The Holy Melchizedek Priesthood] the by which kingdom is opened or in the world world to come. and also

is the channel through which all knowl-.

for men. contracts, those ordinances, Only and unlocked doctrine,edge, the of salvation, plan and

every important matter is revealed from blessings which are sealed uponheaven. church members by the power of Second—Priesthood and Keys of the

It is the channel through which the Althe priesthood will be recognized Priesthood defined by President Joseph mighty commenced revealing his glory at the throughout the eternities by Elohim F. Smith.

ofbeginning the of this creation earth, and his Begotten Son. and These Onlythrough which has he to reveal continued priesthood in is general The the authority also ordinances the have must added tohimself the of children to presthe men to given to act for God. Every man man sanctification, approval, sealing time,ent and through will and he which make ordained of degree priesthood, to any the 1

his to purposes of the time.known end of Spirit the or Holy of Promise this Holy has authority to delegated him.

Ghost. But it is necessary that every act per-

c. Knowledge of God revealed formed under this authority shall be done

through the priesthood. f. Church organized through the way,at theandproperafter timethe properand place,order.in Thethe properpower

power of the priesthood. of directing these labors constitutes the keys

In modern revelation we are inof the priesthood. In their fulness, the keys

formed that it is through their "power Priesthood is authority by which are held by only one person at a time, the prophetof president of the godliness"and the Church. through and He power in prophets various the gospel

delegate of this portion to any dismay powerof the that priesthood holy have men pensations have the organized Church in another, case that person the which holds "... privileged to bebeen and may in history of Jesus Christ. no time At of keys that particular labor. the Thus,

facesee of the the Father, even God, president of of the the temple, a president true could the the Church be on 2 live."revealedand Lord stake, The the bishop of the president of a ward, the earth unless here. priesthood was

a mission, the presidentfollowing each of a quorum, great truth to the Prophet Thus, organized Smith Joseph the holds the keys of the labors in performedJoseph Smith: Christ of Jesus of Latterday Church that particular locality. or body His priestAnd this greater priesthood administereth Saints in this dispensation through hood is not increased by his special apthe authority of the Melchizedek pointment, for a seventy who presides over

Fielding Joseph Smith, Teachings of the Prophet a mission has no more priesthood than the

Smith,Joseph pp. 166167. *Ibid., 84:1921.

-*D & C 84:22. *Ihid., 107:3. "Smith, op. est., p. 166.

346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA seventy who labors under his direction; and may know that the great and dreadPresident of the Church of Jesus

the president of an elders'quorum, for exful day of the Lord is near, even at Christ.

priesthoodample, has than any no more holds of that quorum, but hemember the the doors."10 Fourth—Keys held by the Presiofficial labors the perdirectingpower Smith Prophet Joseph The dedent of the Church.

in or or the missionformed the quorum, other of various restoration in scribed the of division keys of that thatother the words is the only one upon There man of the priesthood in the followkeys it all ramificawork. the So

all the at holds a time earth who ing words: oftions distinction the must ispriesthood—athroughout

of keys priesthood, the keys which general thebe carefully aubetween made thority, and the directing authority of the Now, what do we hear in the gospel include all of those pertinent to the voice of gladreceived? have A welabors performed by that authority. which

... building of the Church and kingdom of voice heaven; mercy from ness! A

Third—Restoration of the "Keys to angel;... theAndvoicethe voiceof Gabriel,of Michael,and of theRaphael,archofpersonGod is herethe Presidentupon theofearth.the ChurchThat

the Priesthood"and of diverse angels, from Michael or of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Adam down to the present time, all deIn referring to the various keys which

On April 3, 1836, in the Kirtland claringtheir keys,theirtheirdispensations,honors, their theirmajestyrights,and had been brought from heaven to

Temple, Moses appeared to Joseph glory, and the power of their priesthood; earth and conferred upon the Prophet

Smith and Oliver Cowdery and begiving line upon line, precept upon precept; Joseph Smith, the Lord declared:

us giving there a little; a little, and the of misherestowed keys them upon

of the given For I have him the keys is forth that which consolation holding bysionary work. quote Joseph's We are the revelations mysteries which and our hope!"confirming to come,

statement in the Doctrine and Covesealed until I shall appoint unto them nants: "... Moses... committed unto It is evident from the foregoing that [church members] another in his stead. la

of Israel the of gathering the keysus reOliver Smith Cowdery and Joseph of kingthe keys Therefore, the earth, of four parts the thefrom and all messengers ceived from heavenly of Melthe and Holy of God dom tribes ten of the leading thethe from for necessary keys the priesthood and 7 in Priesthood chizedek are vested the left, of After the north."land Moses of salvation the the living and both

Elias appeared and "...committed the the dead in building the Church and President of the Church of Jesus

dispensation of the gospel of Abrakingdom of God here upon the earth. of Latterday Saints. Beginning with

ham, saying that in us and our seed Thus the Dispensation of the Fulness the Prophet Joseph Smith and conhis successors, on throughall after us generations should be of Times was ushered in, it being tinuing has reeach President of the Church closed, visionblessed."8 After this had necessary

Elijah came to Joseph and Oliver and ceived the same keys and authority conferred upon them the keys of... that a whole and complete and perdown to the present time. Thus all

temple work, or in other words, he fect union, and welding together of dispenthe keys pertaining to revelations for glories sations keys powers and and and guidance, to priestpertaining church to the thegave auand power them revealed the place should take from be and ".. the ordinances performed hood and of to the heartthority the. turn.. - 12 time. present to the days of even Adam

fathers to the children, and the therein, and the functioning of all the heart of the children to their fathers, Thus the keys of the kingdom of organizations of the Church of Jesus...""declaring, "Therefore, the keys God and of the Holy Melchizedek Christ pertinent to the growth and

of this dispensation are committed Priesthood were restored to earth, building of the kingdom of God and unto your hands; and by this you being given to Joseph Smith, God's the saving of souls are held by the

anointed prophet, seer, revelator, and President of the Church of Jesus "Joseph D & C F.110:11.Smith, Gospel Doctrine, pp. 168169. ] D & C 110:16. Christ of Latterday Saints.

Hhid., 110:12. nibid., 128:19, 21.

"Malachi 4:5-6. v*Ibid., 128:18. 1:iIbid., 28:7.

THESE TIMES dencycentralcouldmatters,add thea muchneededexecutive vicedimenpresi- (Concluded from page 345) The provision of the Executive Vice sion to the presidency itself. Staffing

line reorganizations already and have President provide conimmediate would 3. of Secretary Health, EducaThe device added much. The wellproven officer tact the top operating with under tion, and Welfare organization) of the (in American ExePresident. the

4. of Interior Secretary the The cutive President Vice could be now relogic of in support such a The

5. The Secretary of Justice (new name organization is simple. It places first added, with great profit to policy, to

for head of the Department of Justhings first in the political arena of the management, to the ends desired by the tice) present. The issues that color every deAmerican people and their friends and

6. The Secretary of Labor cision emerge in the matrix of foreign allies throughout the world.

7. The Postmaster General affairs, finance, and defense. These The new position, if created, could

questions cannot, of course, be divorced also improve and not detract from the

There are answers to those who might from agriculture, land and water, labor, system of accountability and responsiobject (in Congress or in clientele health, and other questions. But the bility. Like existing Cabinet officers,

groups) that this removes important separation in the organization can better he would serve at the pleasure of the areas of administrative decision too far serve all, together, in connected fashion. President. He would be removable and

from the President himself. They are The Cabinet can continue, with the subject to replacement at any time,

often far removed today. The reduction EVP added, in such form as will serve whereas the elected Vice President

in pressure on the President could enthe needs of the government best. would stand in the line of presidential

hance direct contact on the top issues. By freeing the President for large succession.

MAY 1956 347 The Presiding

Edward Partridge Newel K. Whitney Edward Hunter William B. Preston

FIRST PRESIDING BISHOP SECOND PRESIDING BISHOP THIRD PRESIDING BISHOP FOURTH PRESIDING BISHOP

EDITOR'S NOTE: We present only a paragraphical sketch of each of the eight Presiding Bishops of

inspiration under thethe Church who have, of the Eight Presiding Bishops Head the Aaronic Priestprogressively developedLord, hood program since John the Baptist ordained Joseph

Smith and Oliver Cowdery, May 15, 1829. Each

his administration, during Bishop,Presiding has Aaronie Priesthood in This Dispensation "President designatedbeen rightfully of the Aaronic

Priesthood in all the world."

lldward Partridge, first Presiding looking person who exclaimed: "Newel thy servants?"Instantly a great light

Bishop, was born in Massachusetts, Au- K. Whitney, thou art the man.... I filled the room. His prayer was angust 27, 1793; baptized by Joseph Smith, am Joseph, the Prophet. You've prayed swered. He gave the Prophet Joseph

December 11, 1830; called by revelation, me here; now what do you want of me?"Smith $7,000 in cash and $4,000 in

ordained, and set apart to be "a bishop The Whitneys had heard of the remerchandise, donated $5,000 to assist unto the Church"February 4, 1831; died stored gospel but wanted to meet the emigrants, and lost $50,000 in the exodus

in Nauvoo, May 27, 1840. His bishop's Prophet. It is said that while Joseph from Nauvoo. His favorite theme was:

license was signed by twenty Church Smith was in the East he saw the Whit- "Pay your tithes and be blessed."He

leaders, including Joseph and Hyrum neys, in vision, praying for the Lord to helped to bury the Prophet Joseph

Smith, Oliver Cowdery, David Whitmer, send him to them. Their prayer was Smith and his brother Hyrum following

and Martin Harris. Of Bishop Partanswered. When called to be a bishop, their martyrdom June 27, 1844.

ridge, Joseph Smith said: "He was a Brother Whitney appealed to the Prophpattern of piety... known for his steadet: "I cannot see a bishop in myself,

fastness and patient endurance to the Brother Joseph; but if you say it's the William B. Preston, fourth Presidend."He was stripped of his outer Lord's will, I'll try."Joseph answered, ing Bishop, was born in Virginia, Noclothing, tarred and feathered in public "You need not take my word alone. Go vember 24, 1830; descendant of the

by an angry mob when he refused to and ask Father for yourself."In answer Prestons after which the English town

prayer, he heard Whitney's Bishop the to his to leave testimony anddeny heaven: a voice from "Thy strengthcounty. the Kirtwas present when He is wassermonnamedwas andpreachedin whichin Europethe first ingospelthis

land Temple was dedicated. In the in me. dispensation; baptized February 1857;

revelation directing the appointment of called almost immediately to fill a misBishop Partridge, the Lord gave his reasion in "Upper California"; called by

son:. because his heart is pure before President Brigham Young to assist with

me, for he is like unto Nathanael of jldward Hunter, third Presiding bishemigration problems; made several trips

old, in whom there is no guile."op, was born June 27, 1793; baptized by ox team to the Missouri River; one

October 8, 1840; farmer, tanner, surof the pioneers of Cache Valley; helped

veyor, businessman, cavalry officer, build canals, survey and establish towns, county commissioner, served as bishop build churches and schools; ordained a

lyewel K. Whitney, second Presiding of Nauvoo 5th, Winter Quarters 7th, bishop November 14, 1859; president

Bishop, born in Massachusetts, Februand Salt Lake City 13th wards; set Cache Stake; set apart as Presiding

ary 5, 1795; baptized November 1830; apart as Presiding Bishop April 11, Bishop April 6, 1884; died August 2,

ordained a bishop December 4, 1831; 1852; laid southwest cornerstone of Salt 1908. It was during Bishop Preston's

sustained as Presiding Bishop April 6, Lake Temple April 6, 1853 as president administration as Presiding Bishop that 1847; died September 23, 1850. He was of the Aaronic Priesthood; died October the Church was released from debt

a merchant in Kirtland, Ohio. When 16, 1883. Conversion followed attendthrough the payment of tithing as a

standing in his store one day, he was ance at his first Mormon meeting when result of the revelation to, and the approached by a young, impressivehe asked the Lord: "Are the Mormons labors of, President Lorenzo Snow.

348 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishopric's Page

Charles W. Nibley Sylvester O. Cannon LeGrand Richards Joseph L. Wirthlin

FIFTH PRESIDING BISHOP SIXTH PRESIDING BISHOP SEVENTH PRESIDING BISHOP EIGHTH PRESIDING BISHOP

(ubarles W. Nibley, fifth Presiding Eastern States Mission and in England; Bishop, he wrote the book A Marvelous

Bishop, was born February 5, 1849, accompanied President Francis M. LyWork and A Wonder, and later wrote

Midlothian, Scotland; immigrated to man to Turkey and Palestine; president Israeli Do You Know? "Bishop RichAmerica, 1855, and to Utah, 1860; first of Pioneer Stake; ordained a bishop and ards,"as he is affectionately known, is

family home in Cache Valley, Utah, was set apart as Presiding Bishop June 4, a missionary at heart, a naturalborn part dugout; traded a stove for his first 1925 and served until April 6, 1938 bishop, a forceful advocate of the refarm. His varied and colorful business when he was released as Presiding stored gospel.

career included farming, secretary, manBishop and sustained as "associate memager, county assessor; organizer of lumber of the Council of the Twelve"; orber, railroad, and sugar companies. He dained an apostle April 14, 1938;

was counselor to the first president of sustained as a member of the Council Joseph L. Wirthlin is the Presiding

Union (Oregon) Stake; accompanied of the Twelve October 6, 1939; died Bishop of the Church today, the eighth

President Joseph F. Smith to Europe, May 29, 1943. Bishop Cannon, an person to hold this high position in this

Hawaii, and Canada; accompanied engineer by training, was President of dispensation; born in Salt Lake City,

President Heber J. Grant to Canada and the Utah Society of Engineers; member August 14, 1893; missionary to Germany

Arizona for temple dedications; missionof the American Society of Engineers; and to the Central States; bishop Salt

ary to England; ordained a bishop and and a man of tremendous mental capaLake City Thirtythird Ward; chairset apart as Presiding Bishop December city and spiritual vigor. man bishops'council in Salt Lake

11, 1907; set apart as second counselor to region; high councilman; president

President Heber J. Grant, May 28, 1925; Bonneville Stake; counselor in Presiding

died December 11, 1931. It was during Bishopric 19361952; set apart as PresidBishop Nibley's administration that JLeGrand Richards, seventh Presiding ing Bishop April 10, 1952. Among his

200,000 bushels of wheat, accumulated Bishop, is a son of the late George F. first official acts as Presiding Bishop,

by the Relief Society on advice of Richards, President of the Council of with the approval of the First PresiPresident Brigham Young, was released the Twelve; born in Farmington, Utah, dency, were, ( 1 ) to change the age

to help relieve the wheat shortage durFebruary 6, 1886; missionary to the schedule for ordination to, and advanceing World War I. Netherlands and, subsequently, at twenment in, the Aaronic Priesthood from

tyeight, president of the Netherlands ages 12 for deacons, 15 for teachers, 17

Mission; bishop of Sugar House, Glenfor priests, to ages 12, 14, and 16 redale, and University wards; high spectively; (2) to organize senior memSylvester O. Cannon, sixth Presiding councilman; president Hollywood Stake; bers of the Aaronic Priesthood into quoBishop was a son of Elder George Q. missionary Eastern States; president rums and groups on the ward level.

Cannon who was successively an aposSouthern States Mission; set apart as Bishop Wirthlin has an unusual capactle and Counselor to Presidents John Presiding Bishop April 14, 1938. Miracuity for quick and accurate appraisal of

Taylor, Wilford Woodruff, and Lorenzo lously healed, made well, raised from facts and intelligent decisions. ProSnow; born in Salt Lake City, June 10, imminent death to finish his mission grams coming under his direction as

1877; missionary to the Netherlands; as Presiding Bishop and to become one Presiding Bishop stand today at the

twice president of the Netherlands Misof the Twelve Apostles; released as Prehighest achievement level in recorded

sion; secretary to his father in the siding Bishop April 6, 1952; ordained an history. His oftrepeated statement,

Apostle April 10, 1952. He served large "Priesthood must never be given second

firms as secretary and as secretaryplace in our hearts,"has stirred thouWARD TEACHER'S STUDY GUIDE treasurer;business forconductedmore thanhis owntwentyreal years.estate sandsgreater ofactivityAaronicthroughoutPriesthoodtheleadersChurch.to

May 1956 During his administration as Presiding His interest in and love for youth is

Because of space limitations on these pages Bishop, the Aaronic Priesthood proconstant and inspiring. Bishop Wirththis month, the Ward teachers'study guide grams, ward teaching, and attendance at lin is the only Presiding Bishop who

for May 1956 will be found on the following sacrament meeting forged ahead on an has held each of the three positions in page. unprecedented scale. While Presiding the Presiding Bishopric.

MAY 1956 349 More Study Guide for Ward Teachers CHURCHES May 1956 Are CHOOSING Honoring the Priesthood

Wherefore, now let every man learn his duty, and to act in the office in which he is appointed, and in all diligence.

He that is slothful shall not be counted worthy to stand, and he that learns not his duty and shows himself not approved shall not be counted worthy to stand.

Even so. Amen. (D & C 107:99100.)

Here in one of the early revelations to the Church, the Lord has issued two divine injunctions to every priesthood holder, showing the way by which he may honor the Holy Priesthood and hold it sacred:

First: Learn your duty in whatever office of the priesthood you may

hold, and Second: Act in all diligence in whatever office you may be appointed!

The measure by which you will be judged is by what you do as a holder of the priesthood as well as by how you live.

In the above quoted revelation, after setting forth his commandments to priesthood holders, the Lord reemphasized their importance by warning of the penalty that follows slothfulness, failure to learn one's duty, and showing evidence of not being approved! He shall not be counted worthy

to stand! The meaning of that penalty is clearly implied: He shall not stand

as a leader among the people. He shall not stand worthy of rights and

privileges in the Church reserved to the diligent. He shall not stand against

the buffetings of the things of this world as he shall be assailed by them.

The conferring of the priesthood by the laying on of hands contains the promise of two heavenly endowments: power and authority on condition

that the individual thus blessed shows himself approved before the Lord.

One is dishonoring his priesthood when he seeks to cover his sin, to

THE IDEAL CHURCH gratify his pride, his vain ambitions, or to exercise control or dominion or

INSTRUMENT compulsion upon the souls of men in any degree of unrighteousness. He

Beautiful, authentic organ tone. who fails to keep the covenant he makes when he receives the Holy PriestLow cost of operation and mainhood is in danger of one day having the Lord say: "I bestowed upon you

tenance. the Holy Priesthood. You received it with an oath and covenant that you

gives price The moderate you the would be true and faithful in it. This you failed to do. Instead of doing organ for most The your money.

exercise that priesthood; therefore, that Conn ARTIST with two independent that, you turned away—you did not

manuals, full pedalboard, and many priesthood cannot be continued with you."That would be a dreadful thing

features other wonderful is available as that receive because such a pronouncement he could not would mean to churches little as for as exaltation. (Instructions President Fielding to the Twelve, Smith.) by Joseph

$2590.00 Those who honor their priesthood by giving diligent heed to the words

of eternal life and who overcome by faith are sealed by the Holy Spirit of 'aiines Music Promise by the Lord's voice out of the heavens, and are entitled to glorious promises.

15 E. 1st SO.

, 5aftlake City Wherefore, all things are theirs, whether life or death, or things present, or 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVOed WASHINGTON BLVD..OGDEN things to come, all are theirs and they are Christ's and Christ is God's. (D & C

76:59.)

Brethren, honor your priesthood and prepare to receive your eternal

Your Bookdealer has.,. blessings!

INTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE FOR JUNE 1956 Gospel

Prepare Now to Meet God

life is state in a probationary This to have prepare the opportunity which we sacrifice of the Savior, the atoning the grave Ideals to meet God. Through has been

Selections from the opened to those who die, but in order to gain the full benefits of Christ's atonement,

Discourses of we must overcome the weaknesses of the flesh through obedience to the Master's laws and commandments.

PRESIDENT References: (Romans 8:1618; 15:2527; Alma 12:1224; and Pearl of Great

DAVID O. McKAY Price, Moses 6:4952.)

$4.00

350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Dubious Teacher

(Concluded from page 318) her boys'cropped heads and stretching arms.

Her mind came back to the program. What was the bishop saying?

"So today we are going to honor a mother whom we believe to have been Everything it takesmore truly a mother not only to her own family, but also for thirtyfive to be years to members of our community n and neighboring ones whose childrenhave attended Hamilton High. We TOPS

have over four hundred and sixteen of those pupils present today. Following this service there will be open

house at my home where each of you can greet and honor Sister Sharp.We believe no woman has so inUTOCOfluenced—

Mary Sharp's head was swimming. GASOLINES

Her own children must have been aware of this. Her class of boys? Yes, Balanced

for two had now got up and were escorting her forward to Brother for Top Performance

Black who took her to the stand to For All Cars in this Area sit. And Justin Clark was giving his

speech. She forced her mind to listen MORE POWER

to the words. "Sister Sharp brought GREATER ECONOMY

order to our class. Order is a beautiLonger Mileage Cleaner Burning

Noncorrosiveful thing—

SMOOTHER OPERATION W/hy Doctor Stubbs was speaking. QuickHigh AntiknockStarts NoFast VaporWarmLockUp

"His kinky red hair and freckled Smooth Acceleration nose took her back over the years. For happiest motoring,

"Sister Sharp's discipline was instrucstop at UTOCO stations tion and training which corrected,—clean rest roams

molded, and strengthened. Her disci-—finest, friendly service

pline taught me to love perfection,—highest quality motor oil

lubricationand I carried that discipline with me—specializedinto medicine—

There were so many talks. Even

her son John, her lawyer son, came forward, kissing her on the cheek before he faced the congregation.

"Mother's great love for us taught us it!obedience, and only when we learn You expect more from UTOCO and you get

to be obedient can we truly love ourFather in heaven—

burst. Sharp's heart almost Mary

tears. eyes were filled withHer She MISSIONARIES PLEASE NOTE

would never, never forget this day. THAT YOU MAY STILL GET THESE TWO BOOKS

againShe looked of boys. at her row THE A.B.C. OF MORMONISM littleYes, Ben, there was and John,

and Orson Buff, the druggist, and all THE MORMON MISSIONARY'S MESSAGE the others hovering in among her BY AUBREY J. PARKER, CONVERTED METHODIST MINISTER

boys. She'd talk to the bishop and Put up in the popular pocket size for convenience in carrying.

Superintendent Black. With the help BeautifullyStiff covers. bound in green and gold.

of three or four funloving men, they Each copy autographed by this author.

could arrange a real party for those For the cost of ONE DOLLAR PER BOOK.

boys in the canyon the minute school... POSTPAID ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD...

was out. Her eyes twinkled for a Address:

ELDER AUBREY J. PARKERmoment. After all, a little fun would

SANTA BARBARA, CALIFORNIA 616 WEST CARRILLO do those fine boys a world of good.

MAY 1956 351 YMMIA General Board Beauty Your Budget Members Appointed Can A fford I This is the fresh, new (Concluded from page 294) vibrant style your good (Salt Lake City) Stake in 1944. He

taste demands... the later served as assistant superinpracticality your b tendent of YMMIA in Emigration

Stake, and when University Stake was created he became YMMIA superintendent, a position he has held for five years. He has aided the general

board at June conference during the past two years. At the time of this

appointment he was a president of the fiftyseventh quorum of seventy and active in genealogical matters.

He is a veteran of World War II and was graduated from the University of

Utah. His wife is the former Lettie

Squires. The couple have three sons

and a daughter. His first assignment

with the general board will be to the

Junior M Men committee.

"Colder Catmull is a member of the *J faculty of the University of Utah. BROTHERS OF

CALIFORNIA BLACK METAL He is a former faculty member of

DINING FURNITURE Ricks College, but left Ricks to study

Send 70c for booklet, "Things to know about Contemporary Furniture."Address Dept. I and teach at the University of MinVIRTUE BROS. MFG. CO., Los Angeles 45, California nesota. (Since his appointment to the

Available at Leading Furniture and Department Stores general board he has returned to the "GOD GRANTS LIBERTY ONLY TO THOSE WHO LOVE IT. AND ARE ALWAYS READY TO GUARD AND DEFEND IT "Daniel Webster University of Minnesota to play the

title role in Kinq Lear, their silver anniversary production.) He is a

* S former missionary to the Central -* States. He has filled numerous ward

Where Something's Always and stake positions in Mutual and

Sunday School. Most recently he was

a member of the Monument Park (Salt Lake City) Stake Sunday School board. His first general board asCOOKING

signment will be to the drama committee.

Everywhere in trie Intermountain "West, The Salt TO A YOUTHFUL PHOTOGRAPH

Lake Tribune is one of the important keys to (Mother) better life and better living. On the farm and in By Georgia Moore Eberling

the cities, The Tribune conveys new ideas that I found the picture safely tucked from sight

Among her treasures. I had tiever seen

mean lighter burdens and new, wholesome variety This stranger from the days of dim lampevery day Wise housewives look to The Tribune Whenlightshe was young and all her days daily for new recipes to please their families and new Her serene.hair is curlybrown and drawn down

ideas to lighten household duties News for homelow

Across a fair smooth brow, and held in makers is just one of the outstanding daily features of place

... the newspaper that binds together the IntermounHerAboveskirtthe isforeheadlong, thewith rufflesa velvetedgedbow. with

tain West. lace,

The fitted basque outlines a curving breast,

A dozen buttons march from belt to chin,

The folded hands betoken poise and rest,

Her collar boasts the wellbeloved breastpin.

Dear Mother, you have been long years

One of America's Great Newspapers But away,you are back, forever young, today.

352 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Join the L D S BOOKS CLUB and add this

Classic Standard Reference Book to your Library \i a Pearl of Great Price Commentary

By Dr. Milton R. Hunter

Almost since its acceptance as scripture the Church has awaited an authoritative work which would comment on PEARL OF GREAT PRICE doctrines and history, one that would point up the importance of this sacred volume to Latterday Saints.

President Milton R. Hunter, of the First Council of the Seventy, after more than a

score of years of research and study, has made this valuable contribution to Church literature. He has performed a signal service in an almost untouched field. The PEARL

OF GREAT PRICE COMMENTARY is a work that should be added to every Latterday

Saint library. $3.00

YOU GET THESE BEST LDS BOOKS NEW SAVINGS press. from the they come of about 20% thru free bonus book. as

CLASSICS LDS OLDER CONVENIENCE above. such as the one books delivered to your door.

SELECTION CAREFUL METHODICAL of ALL books recommended. way of adding to your library.

WHEN YOU JOIN THE LDS Books Club HOW THE CLUB PLAN WORKS 'You join the club by ordering the book described along with a statement. If you do not want the book,

above, or one of the four alternates listed in the coupon you return the post card provided for an alternate below. You may order two or more of the books if choice (or none at all).

with along Fill and mail the coupon out desire.you fifth a books, four purchased 3. After have you acare orders (C.O.D. order. or check moneyyour from this select book bonus FREE. You will sent you be possessions.) S. or U. fromcepted will be list which books Church choice of a long

2. Each month after you become a member you provided.

will receive in the mail reviews of several books, carefully selected, with one named as the book of the 4. You need order only four books during the year,

month. If you wish to receive the top book you do but you may order one or more each month, if you

nothing—it will be sent to you in the mail, postpaid, desire.

FILL OUT AND MAIL LDS BOOKS CLUB, 161 East Utopia Avenue, Salt Lake City 15, Utah

Gentlemen: THIS COUPON NOW

current the send and me CLUB of BOOKS as enroll member a Please me the LDS

I below. indicated altemate(s) the or/and Price Commentary, of selection, Pearl Great we get of the many letters Typical I

I selections buy. four each with book receive will bonus a free that understand

each month is one from Reta Blackburn, Alameda, Calif. She says, "We NAME

think this club is a wonderful idea, ADDRESS

STATE AND books the to get we CITY us it helpsas enclosed of Check or Money Order Amount putalways of add (Utah residents instead $ 2% sales tax.) Please send C.O.D.want NOW,

ting it off until tomorrow."Please send Pearl of Great Price Commentary—$3.00

- - ALTERNATES "out of to seek will you help We Send: in Please of wisdom"best words booksthe Christ E. Talmage, The by James O. Jesus David of President Memories Home

...$3.00 195657). Course,....$3.75 (M.l.A. Reading R. McKay by Dr. Llewelyn regular McKay convenient, inexpensive,an

way if you fill out and mail this S.FaithHinckleyof Our Pioneer Fathers by Bryant$3.00 Theday StorySaints,of EmmaOur ChurchMarr PetersenFor Young Latter-$3.00

coupon now.

"Seek Ye Out oftheBestBooh Words ofWisdom'-DC 88:118

MAY 1956 353 Mature Adults or Oldsters

(Continued from page 321) feeling and that we are all linked actually by physical ties as well as by many other linkages. Emphathy is

more than sympathy. It is one's ability to project himself imaginatively

into the life of another and feel as he feels and thinks as he thinks.

"Love thy neighbour as thyself."

We must share joy and sorrow together as brothers and sisters. To

administer to the needy, the Relief

Society sisters must have this power of empathy and be able to feel and think as do those they are trying to help or their help will be in vain. The ward

teachers also must have this characteristic. All of us in this world and in

heaven are locked together by intangible bonds. Not one of us can

reach great heights without carrying

Whatever the age group, there is a quality all those around us upward also. And

Proof of Clarin's exceptional Clarin chair just right for the purpose. Seat none can be low and vile without all

long term economy is the unheights graduate each inch from 12 through those around being dragged downrivalled ten year guarantee that accompanies every Clarin 18 inches. ward. When one begins to realize

folding chair. Write for complete cafa/og. this, he shows signs of maturity.

Seek out the sayings of the wise

Milton, of the ages: Shakespeare, men MANUFACTURING COMPANY % IrMK I Plato, Socrates, Emerson, Gandhi, Dept. 65, 4640 W. Harrison St., Chicago 44, Illinois

Isaiah, the Prophets, and the humble man of Galilee. It is only when one

stops and listens to the great legacies

Let Us Demonstrate The CLARIN Folding Chair of the past that one shows signs of

WE ALSO SELL maturity.

HeywoodWakefield Choir Seating Search the scriptures for in them

Church Pews Folding Partitions you will find the way to eternal life.

Flannelboards Blackboards Stage Curtains (See John 5:39.) Listen to the wise

Paper and Janitorial Supplies and inspired leaders of our Church.

Mimeograph & Ditto Machines Consider well the consequences before going contrary to their counsel.

Yes, we are trained from youth to listen to our spiritual ancestors. When

& SUPPLY COMPANY we have made this a habit, we are approaching maturity.

SALT LAKE * OGDEN * IDAHO FALLS Maturity in one God—not many

gods of conflicting purpose, but one consistent whole—faith that life is

worth living.

is of a satisfying philosophy

first principle of the gospel YOUR ERA SUBSCRIPTION MAY EXPIRE life.FaithThe

... when you're least expecting it. But it needn't. For, by is faith, for it is the basis of all our

the expiration at least by knowing renewing date—and two actions. This is life eternal, to know

missinsure against before that date arrives—you can months

ing even a single issue of The Improvement Era. thee, the only true God and Jesus

Check the address label on the back cover of one of your Christ, whom thou hast sent. (See

copies. If the numbers on the last line read "036"for example, John 17:3.)

the last issue we can mail you under your present subscription These then are some of the signs will be March 1956. of maturity; knowledge, communicaTo renew just mail your payment of $2.50 along with a tion, responsibility, teachableness, emcopy of your address label to phathy, listening to our spiritual anTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA cestors, and faith.

50 No. Main Street - Salt Lake City, Utah Here are some measuring sticks to

determine our degree of maturity. As

354 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA we look back on our lives we may feel sad that we have been unable to move closer to these ideals. This very feeling of humility is one of the signs of

maturity. But we must forget about

the yesterdays and look hopefully toward the tomorrows.

SMOKING AND CANCER* Toheavyescapesmokerslung arecanceradvisedrisk,to malequit now. Survey shows heavy drinking increases chances of cancer of the

larynx among heavy smokers.

It is not too late for the man who has been a heavy cigarette smoker to escape the risk of lung cancer. His

chances of getting the disease are very greatly reduced if he stops smoking now.

The American Cancer Society gave this bit of more cheerful news in its grim picture of the statistical relation between lung cancer and tobacco. Build a FUN ROOM for

The report was given by Drs. E. your family and friends NOW!Cuyler Hammond and Daniel Horn HpRCf

at the opening meeting of the AmeriDiscover a new world of convenience and better can Medical Association in Atlantic living with a basement fun room... a place for

City, N. J. It covers the first 32 the youngsters to play, watch television or entermonths of study of the smoking habits fain the gang. You'll love the way it takes wear

and fate of 188,000 white men beand tear... keeps the rest of the house looking

tween the ages of 50 and 70. better... and quieter, too!

A total of 8,105 of the men were No Down Payment reported to have died up to November 1, 1954. Of these, 168 cases proved firnimfr All details arranged at our office, id eas.

by tissue study to be bronchogenic materials, financing and a reliable, local cancer. That is the kind of lung time payment plan -J contractor.

cancer that starts in the breathing tubes in the lung and is the commonest kind of lung cancer.

Among the 168 lung cases, the death rate among those who smoked two packs a day of cigarettes was about 90 times as high as it was for those who had never smoked. Only TO IMPROVEMENT ERA READERS

two bronchogenic cancer cases were ideasThis excitingyou'll usenewagainfullcolorand cookagain.bookSoups,gives mainyou scorescourseof dishes,recipe

found among those who were nondesserts—each recipe featuring the richer flavor, (

smokers.... smootherMilk. Sendtexturefor youryou freeget withcopy, betterblendingtoday! Mornir

Cigar smokers apparently run no risk of lung cancer. Pipe smokers do, Morning Milk Co.

but to a far less degree than cigarette P. O. Box 176-1

smokers. Salt Lake City, Utah

Lung cancer death rates are high book Yes,"FamilyI'd likeFavorites."a free copy of Morning Milk's new full color recipe

among cigarette smokers and low among nonsmokers regardless of Name... (Please Print Clearly)

whether they live in rural or urban Address, areas.

City Zone State..

'Reprinted by permission from Science News Letter

June 18, 1955, p. 387.

MAY 1956 355 ALLIE HOWE Editor

Zina Young

Card Brown

nourishing root during their fortyeight years together. It is a joy that

standing—acomes from a sustainingdeep spiritualpowerunderfor

them in times of uncertainty, trial, and deepening sorrow. It is that joy

which brings the sunshine into their home.

Zina Young Card Brown was born

Cook pot roast slowly, adding half cups of water only as needed. in Cardston, Alberta, Canada, and

has lived there, in Great Britain, and in various places in the United States, and believes she has made her final home in Salt Lake City since Elder

Brown's call as an Assistant to the

Council of the Twelve. She chuckled Cooking For Happiness a bit as she spoke of the ten homes

they have bought and sold. A number

callings in the Church. "And each With Zina Brown ofby these moves have been occasioned

home has been a joyous challenge,"she explained.

There was a spirit of spring in Zina Their call to preside over the in—sunshineBrown's homestreamedthe daythroughI walkedthe withBritishtheMissionoutbreakcameof warin in1937,Septembut

big living room window and radiated ber 1939, Sister Brown and the chilfrom her face. Certainly the sweet dren returned home. Brother Brown

warmth, contentedness, and peace sailed home only after the affairs of that emanated from her are some of the mission were in good hands and the same attributes that have brought all missionaries were returned safely.

to joy called in 1944 were the Browns her family and have won so Then. friends. many to this mission. to return Inasmuch

A little excitement crept into her as the war was still in progress, Sister voice and a sprinkle of laughter Brown was unable to sail until 1945.

colored her reminiscences of times More moving was in store for Sister when the children were home. This Brown, for after release from the missame spirit probably shone in her face sion, her husband was requested to

when but a girl, for after seeing join the BYU staff. This he did until

twelveyear-old Zina Young Card in 1950, and by 1953 this traveling pair her ringlets, young Hugh B. Brown returned to her native Canada where

told his mother, "She's the girl I'm they expected to remain for a number going to marry."And so it was, and of years. But then the call to the asthat same spirit of joy has taken (Continued on page 358)

356 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Fresh golden honey, rich graham flour...make

NABISCO Sugar HONEY GRAHAMS m

iiJll WM ri 111

If 111 If mw mm tip

Naturally delicious flavor in Nabisco Sugar

Honey Grahams because they're made with the finest ingredients and baked by Nabisco in a special way. Won't spoil youngsters'appetites

for regular meals because they digest so easily.

Always get Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams..

your family will say "they're the best!"

Available in oneand two -pound packages.

f: * 'i #J NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

MAY 1956 357 Know Your LDS Cooks (Continued from page 356) GET YOUR sistantship came, and they returned to f #lL Salt Lake City. Now that Sister

is settled in this, her eleventh FREE COPY Brown home, she feels it will be her last.

of this NEW FOLDER From these many experiences, our TftO:. j# -at Jjy ""Stei 'ifc. j *: ABOUT THOSE cook for this month only recounts

blessings, and many of these are choice friendships. An attestant to new, new this is a handsome sterling silver

coloJr piano.bowl restingIt reads:atopA tokenher ofbabygreatgrandlove for colors from the British Mission to President

Weekend r IN BENNETT'S PAINTS and Sister Hugh B. Brown, May

jOecoratorsi, 1946.

W FOR ALL SURFACES Because Elder Brown is such an imIllustrated—just filled with new posing individual, one would almost

daintiness that the of the home for decorating. home A believe I.T ideas Sister to attributed be decor would selection special the famous from

Brown. But she explains: "Several Colorizer Colors in REAL PAINT of my beautiful Royal Doulton figurines are gifts from sweetheart. my

during the BENNETT'S CHIPS. And World I, when War

Qtw?t\yy&i paints Wedgwoodin England, teahe sentset."me Themy cherishedset is a

pattern and quality that would thrill

S3 W* first SwJi, 3bS, Sail 1 C%, tft* any collector. These choice gifts and

others reveal Elder Brown's sensiBennett's at Store tivity FREE any THE FOR to the beautiful. visit in ASKING To

in or or the Branch Dealer Intermountain is to recognize a reflection California. their home or country Southern

of a husband and wife experiencing a great sharing.

There are other interesting and

ALLEN'S PHOTO STORES cherished pieces in their home. Each

has its story and has brought its share of happiness. A further evidence of

the Browns'enjoyment of the beautiful is the landscaping and spacious garden surrounding their home, colored this spring with from two thouPRESENT IN THRILLING 3-D sand to three thousand tulips.

Enjoy 'CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST Of interest also is a statue which finer flavor OF LATTERDAY SAINTS belonged to her grandfather, Brigham greater and nutrition of HISTORIC PLACES AND Young. Throughout the home are

whole wheat pictures of the special mementos and

... TEMPLES"grain children a she speaks with of whom

freshly ground! JOSEPH SMITH'S BIRTHPLACE controlled pride, and yet her deep

JAIL CARTHAGE is all for eight love appreciation and is every food element Everincreasing SACRED GROVE retained! TOWRITE evident: B. very Zola Zina Brown; in popularity for DAY PICTURES THE TEMPLES OF prices—FREE Everyone that knows B. B. focfsl Hodson, Lajune Munk, Mary recipes—food bread other cereal and SALT LAKE PROVO foods with whole made Firmage, C. (an SPECIAL Brown Hugh RAF Highland 2957 24 North grain freshly ground OFFER—FLOUR Drive University

is lost pilot tastier far richer over the Sea during and North for introcoupon Send in healthgiving nutri- 5-1 b. offer South ductory 28 of II), Dr. Charles Manley World War it's ments. the And—St. pkg., Deaf Smith wheat Main wise home where somerich- America's of staff of the the University Brown is thing done about in it. Hour,est food elements,

select or of California; B. -Minn., Southern Margaret efficient, the Rapid—flour stone wheat FALLS IDAHO OGDEN Electric lee Wis.—Household B. Jorgensen, Carol Bunker. and it's ground the day 25th 340 and Park FtourMill whole reduces

shipped. Washington Avenue fluffy grain for to flour to sit dinto used we down "When fraction penny of o a

LEE CO. ENGINEERING all, of pound. Please a send the following: Sister together,"ner remembered

3, Milwaukee Wis. it's STONE BestGROUND—

2.00 Brown with a sparkle in her eye,LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, Dept., I.E. Viewmaster Viewers --.-.$2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 3, Wis. LDS Church Packet $ 1.00 "there was quite a group of us—ten

DEAF SMITH FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.50 Salt Lake City Packet - - - - $ 1.00 in all—and with a family like that I

WIS. -MINN. FLOUR, 5- lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.00 big, to serve meals. nourishing had

Jr. Projector Viewmaster...

Name necessity fancy, very weren't $ 9.95 Of we

: IN OF REMEMBRANCE WE SPECIALIZE BOOKStreet so just I'm a 'plain But Jane cook.'

PICTURES City State with all her claim to "plain Janery,"358 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

listening to Sister Brown discuss foods and food preparation, one learns that it is the little things she does to the everyday foods which give delight to meals. After some prodding, our cook

felt suthat confessed, "Ifinally my The satisfying huswas when mypreme compliment band said the food tasted like his mother's."And Grandma Brown, welearned, was a very good cook. allfamily drink

It was almost as if Sister Brown reached back over the years as she recalled that the children's favorite i dinner was a fruit salad, savory rump roast or pot roast, fluffy mashed potatoes, rich brown gravy, buttered carrots and peas or green beans, baking powder biscuits, Grandma Brown's

Spanish pickles, celery, maple walnut ice cream, and a choice of two cakes from one basic recipe.

Tips on Meat, Potatoes, and Gravy "I feel that a good roast is essen- &U&HC tial for good gravy, so I choose my meat carefully and cook in a good, heavy pan which can be wellcovered. &G&*My favorite is a heavy aluminum."

And to these two basic suggestions,

Sister Brown adds: "Brown the meat

carefully on all sides, seasoning with onion salt and a bit of garlic salt as you do so. If the meat is lean, add a

little shortening to the pan for easier and more even browning."She adds

a good -sized bay leaf when it first begins to simmer and adds no water This large 8-ounce jar of Instant Postum makes up to TOO cups!

at first. "Then,"Sister Brown suggests, "as necessary add about onejust at time, a enough half cup to Instant Postum contains

. sticking. Keep from the meat keep

the pan covered the entire time and simmer over low heat."She cooks no caffein or other drug

her roasts one hour to the pound.

The basic potatoes are also "extra"on the Browns'table because they are Everyone from Granddad to your youngest toddler can enjoy well -mashed before the warmed milk Instant Postum. It's harmless because it's caffeinfree—with no

and melted butter are added. Then drugs or stimulants of any kind

they are given an extra beating by a wellmanaged wooden spoon. With Postum has plenty of flavor though—a hearty goodness that's

this extra air whipped into them, the wonderfully warm and satisfying.

potatoes are temptingly light and It's ready to drink in an instant, too, made right in the cup by fluffy, ready to be topped by luscious adding hot water or—for growing youngsters—hot milk.

gravy.

That rich, brown gravy is attribWhy not serve Instant Postum to your family at mealtimes?

uted to good meat, proper roastIt's familypriced—less than a penny a cup! Another wonderful

ing, never using plain water, and, of product of General Foods.

course, thoughtful experience. "Always use any potato and carrot water

available to make your gravy,"our selfcalled "plain Jane cook"advises. "Never make gravy with plain water."Instant Postum

this procedure, Following Sister No caffein to use an artifihave Brown does not cial gravy browner.

(Continued on following page) MAY 1956 359.

Know Your LDS Cooks III m...I (Continued from preceding page) m m m m

the taste of Fruit Salad Dressing

Y2 cup corn starch 2/3 cup cold water Stir well and add to 2 cups boiling water Y2"teaspoon salt.

Add Y4 cup sugar and stir well. Remove from heat and

cool to tepid. Then add

juice of 2 lemons juice of 2 oranges MAKES SALADS l/2 cup pineapple juice LUSCIOUS! Mixgratedwellrindandof bottle1 orangefor future use.

using it should be room temperaWhen

For Tangy Tuna Fish Salad: sprinkle ture before adding

1 tablespoon lemon juice over drained fish flaked can. tuna 7 ounce from

celery Toss each with diced 1 cup and Y2 uppint cream, whipped until it stands avocado, salt, Y% teaspoon H teaspoon white pepper. Blend together with H y22 teaspoontablespoonsvanillasugar

cup Tang. Chill before serving on

salad greens with topping of Tang. When ready to serve, add bulk for

You'll love these Nalley's Dressing, too! bulk of whipped cream and salad dressRomaine.. ing. This will guarantee a dressing

ChutneyStyle that will not run.

French Dressing and pure Grandma Brown's Spanish Pickles

Mayonnaise 8 quarts green tomatoes 8 quarts Spanish onions 2 cups brown sugar 2 quarts cider vinegar 1 teaspoon mustard seed 1 teaspoon celery seed specially for your 2 tablespoons whole peppers 2 tablespoons cloves H 1 tablespoon allspice 2 tablespoons cinnamon or several sticks of cinnamon broken up 2 large green peppers, finely cut 2 large ripe peppers, finely cut (not red peppers that are dried)

Tomatoes and onions are to be measured after slicing. Place sliced tomatoes

in a large pan in layers, salting (not too liberally) after each layer is added.

Do the same with the onions, and let both the pan of onions and the pan of tomatoes stand over night. Drain off all

liquid before proceeding the next day.

Add spices and sugar to vinegar, and then add chopped peppers and bring all to a boil. In a large kettle place alternating layers of onions and tomatoes.

Pour vinegar mixture over these and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simif sP'al ottem,-.ion mer for thirty minutes, or until tender

but not soft. Bottle while hot, and

seal.

COFFEE These are best when cooked in two SHOP separate kettles so that the slight stirring or lifting of the vegetables to alHotel Utah Max Carpenter, Manager low spices and vinegar to distribute evenly will not break the vegetables 360 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and cause them to become unsightly.

Water may be added to the vinegar if it is too strong. These pickles should not

be too tart, but should be slightly sweet PAYINGand mild. NOW

This is a reciple that has been passed down from generation to generation, and is so good it will probably become a family tradition for years to come.

Sister Brown has found in a large family where tastes differ it is best to use a basic cake recipe, divide it, make adaptations, and then serve to the satisfaction of all. Three variations are suggested here.

PER ANNUM Basic Cake Recipe

(All measurements level unless otherwise indicated.) ONRate ofSAVINGSInterest Permitted by Federal Highest

2 white sugar cups

1 shortening Regulation on BANK Savings Accounts cups unsalted 3 cups flour BANK BY MAIL NIGHT DEPOSITORY FREE PARKING 1 teaspoon salt (less if butter or margarine are used) WE WELCOME YDUR ACCDUNT 3 teaspoons baking powder 1 teaspoon baking soda 1 teaspoon vanilla zion's savings bank 3 large or 4 small eggs 1 cup buttermilk 1 cup sweet milk CompanyPRESIDENT & TrustDAVID O. McKAY,

Cream well the sugar and shortening; South Temple & Main. Salt Lake City. Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

then add, one at a time, the unbeaten eggs, stirring vigorously after each.

Then add the buttermilk and milk alternately with flour, soda, and baking powder mixture, and beat well. Flavor

with vanilla and bake for 30 minutes at 400 F. oven. Top with orange icing

of grated rind of one orange, two cups powdered sugar. Add enough orange

juice to the sugar to make it of spreading consistency. This is usually one

large orange. Add rind to juice. If half

of plain cake batter is used, it is better baked in two layers... FIT FDR A BRIDE

Variation 1 If two different cakes are desired, the mixture should be divided. To half of Deseret News I ress ojjers

the batter add a cocoa syrup made from 2/3 cup water; ]/3 teaspoon baking soda; a weddino invitation printing service tit

4 wellrounded tablespoons cocoa, and mix water and cocoa and stir well tor trie most discriminating bride. A

while it cooks. Cook until smooth and

thickened. To this add baking soda. Stir wide variety or styles and cards are

well and mix into cake batter. Chopped

walnuts may be added if desired. available to add trie pertect touch to

For chocolate icing, mix together in a saucepan two cups powdered sugar, V/2 a oiri s most important event.

squares grated chocolate, lump of butter the size of two walnuts, three tablespoons of cream or milk, and one teaspoon imitation vanilla. Place over

medium heat and stir constantly until smooth and just beginning to bubble.

of beat until heat and Remove from Deseret News Press ftbl Sufficient consistency. for two spreading

eight inch layers. If desired, whip 31 RICHARDS STREET SALES OFFICE - PHONE EM 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

(Concluded on following page) MAY 1956 361 STOP WASTING (Concluded from precedingKNOWpage) YOUR addLDS% bottleCOOKSof tomato catsup. FIREPLACE HEAT thirtysix tiny salad marshmallows into This, too, will be worked in with the

build masonry around icing while it is hot. hands as well as spoon in order that it

is blended evenly. Divide the mixture

Variation 2 and pour into two greased loaf pans.

Save out enough catsup to spread thin

For a spice cake simply add desired layer over the top of the loaves. Bake

sift spices to ingredients the dry and in hours 1 to hot oven a medium -The fufiehi&lHeat l l/4 flour. Sister the the Brown spices 375 F. at exthe drain baked,Circulating Fireplace Unit with When

tearecipe complete with 2 rounded If fat cess pan. one only from each air the firebox chambers around HEATFORM and

spoons 1 teaspoon cinnamon, nutmeg, desired, loaf is the second be pan may circulate capture to the and a large dome home cloves. and '/2 teaspoon refrigerated in foil tightly and wrapped lost of heat volume chimney oldup the by the

fireplace. fashioned Meat Loaf forWitha week.humble pride the Browns glow prevents construction mistakes often HEATFORM

resulting in smoke trouble. It is a perfect form to (All measurements level unless otheras they speak of their twentyfour grandguide the masonry walls (hearth to flue) to wise indicated) children, two of whom are named Zina,

complete any design fireplace. thus making five generations of Zina

HEATFORM fireplaces cost but little more. The 3 pounds ground beef Young, for so were named Sister Brown's

unit consists of firebox, throat, dome, and \y2 cups quick oats mother and her grandmother, a wife of 2 eggs Brigham Young. In addition to their damper, replacing some materials and labor

feel they have necessary to build the ordinary fireplace. % cup milk immediate family, they

misin their posterity great numerous all has the qualities of HEATFORM good any eggs pour to beaten and milk Add their sionary daughters and sons and circulating unit, heat fireplace plus excluthese let during balance stand oats over and explains, Sister children. As Brown

features: sive add time. of preparation the meat To is experienced a special "There bond reinforced firebox ribbed Dieformed into the meat following mix the and size unit heating per area More—mm the mission in another one between

all air heating of to surfaces Contact—hands: the with field, this misour has and bound bond air circulation Greater heat more and—

No exposed—metal beneath chimney to 2 teaspoons salt sion family to our hearts."out rust

1 teaspoon savor salt For an aggregate of twentyfive years stake served on the Brown MIA y3 teaspoon garlic salt Sister the Relief and on in Canada, board

Sprinkle these spices over meat and Society stake board of the Granite Stake add in Salt Lake City. Her other assign-

1 cup finely diced green pepper ments have been too many to mention, 2 cups diced celery and each Tuesday she hurries to Relief 1 large onion, diced, or 2 medium Society in her own Garden Park Ward.

onions She left us with a little parting assurance: "We have all enjoyed a good sense

is The fireplace built above feel a real this the of has made mixture with meat Combine we humor which unit. around Model "A"in the happiness to Side oats our that will contribution absorbed the egg have inlets coolair front and

warmair outlet were used for and milk. When all is wellblended, home."

greater heating efficiency and economy of installation. Side

warmair outlets may be used, if preferred.

The Family FOOD STORAGE PLAN

you had been one of the fortueach situation if you had had in your

IFnate families on high ground at the home the year's supply of food the

The above modern corner firetime of the Yuba City flood in Church has advocated for every LDS built place around Model "S"satisfaction family. a (see Era, 1956) California happy What March

(at right) fire affords of view to yours have be able to been extra would have had enough would you

If front from side. either and food on hand to feed the many homehelp where help was needed!

you prefer view of fire from less brothers and sisters who might But the supply of food the Church front and both sides, use have sought refuge in your home? welfare committee recommends every

Model "M". Would you have been prepared to family have in store is not for emerWrit e for name of nearest dealer offer the necessary help that your gency use only. It is a practical

and FREE brochure heart yearned to give, or would your principle that many thinking people giving complete information. larder have been merely enough for have practised for generations past,

SOLD THRU BUILDING MATERIAL DEALERS your own family for a week? Would for aside from outside havoc there is

(*) HEATFORM is the registered trademark of you have had sufficient in the cupalways the possibility that the wage

SUPERIOR FIREPLACE CO. board to care for your own family earner in a home may be unemDept. 1E561, Dept. IE561, when all source of food supply was ployed, may be injured and unable

1708 E. 15th St. 9 601 North Point Rd. gone? to work, or that some other unfortuLos Angeles 21, Calif. Baltimore 6, Maryland You would have been able to meet nate circumstances may arise. Being

362 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA prepared for the unexpected is a precaution worth practising and a sound family economy plan.

The principle of at least one year's supply is all that the General Authorities advocate. Because storage

conditions vary in many corners of the Church, the counsel of the brethren is that each family store for its own needs as it deems practical, but the family should endeavor to have a The best graduation gift in the world:

supply of food, clothing, bedding, and, if possible, fuel to meet at least THE OFFICIAL a year's general the need. However,

suggests thatwelfare committee wheat L. D. S. MISSIONARY BIBLE

be included as a basic item. The it contains: It is printed on pure milkofficial committee bulletin, with Complete King James Version white India paper by the

wheat storage recommendations, is of the Scriptures Cambridge University reprinted on page 365. The Church's Official Ready Press, known the world

References over for quality Bibles.

Authoritative Cambridge Concordance The type face is the famous 'Cameo,'sharp and

Bible Dictionary clear. It is bound in the

Center References finest Persian Morocco

Bible Atlas leather, handsome and

Ruled paper for notes sturdy for a lifetime's use.

MISSIONARY BIBLE—MB3—$11.00

MB3 INDEXED—$12:00

At your local bookstore or from

THE DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Street, Salt Lake City 10, Utah

LOOK AHEAD..

—Photo by Harold M. Lambert To a summer of learning

Is your child protected by adequate food To your future storage? SUMMER QUARTER

stored, Regardless of the food wisSTARTS JUNE 4 that the storage would suggestdom should be constantly used and reAT LDS BUSINESS COLLEGE freshed on a rotation basis. In time What you do with your time now largely determines

foods will spoil or lose some of their yourprofessionalfuture success.training Makethis summerevery minuteat LDScountBusinesswith

nutritional value. Canned foods, such College.

as peas, corn, string beans, peaches, Classes in many subjects.

pears, apricots, and meats can be Spiritual environment—Thorough training

stored safely from one to three years, if kept at a cool, even temperature.

Fruit with pits, such as cherries and PHONE plums, should COLLEGE not be stored longer BUSINESS year. Young University EM 3-2765than Branch of Brigham one

Potatoes, carrots, and turnips can be 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY stored each season in cool cellars with dirt floors or in properly ventilated JOHNSON & JOHNSON pits. of Agriculture The Department "PLAN OF SALVATION"CHART

or the various state agricultural col- L.D.S. Genealogical Research NEW - COLORED - IMPROVED

leges will furnish upon request deSpecializing in A most useful Visual Aid complete with references for all teachers, missionaries and tailed information as to the storage of U.S. Census Records and etc. See picture in March Era.

Pension Records vegetablesroot items. other and AID THE VISUAL family, in meeting Each its own Box 3188—Washington Roosevelt, Utah PRICE $2.00 9, D. C. BOX 134

(Continued on following page) MAY 1956 363 I

The Family Food Storage Plan

(Continued from preceding page)

HIGHER EARNINGS storage needs, should consider the number in each family, the ages and

ON SAVI NGS needs of each age, the physical condition of each family member, and American chairs endsACCOUNT the family's eating habits. Of course, upholsteredwith pew

careful attention and consideration should be given to basic nutrients American Seating offers and foods necessary to maintain good comfort and dignity health. The Relief Society Welfare in church furniture

Handbook contains a food guide For comfort, dignity, and quietness in which indicates these needs. Any church seating, choose American Seating

ward or stake Relief Society president upholstered chairs. They offer beauty and

will make this available for study. durability, correct posture; are adaptable

This may be a valuable aid to each to curved rows.

family in its storage planning. More churches buy American Seating

It is easy to assume that the Church products than any other make. If you are

build, write or reseat, remodel, to could welfare any planning meet program requirements. seating your about us in detail

arise, or need emergency that may but a little logical thinking would AMERICAN I expose the fallacy of such a belief. SEATING!

The program is established as an aid Dept. 169, Grand Rapids 2, Mich.

Compounded SemiAnnually to those who have no way of caring WORLD'S LEADER IN PUBLIC SEATING for themselves. In comparison to

3Vi % PLUS V2 % EXTRA PAID Church population, its facilities would

ON ACCOUNTS OF $500 OR be very limited in the event of a genMORE WHICH STAY 1 YEAR. eral need. If the capable people are GOSPEL IDEALS

providing for themselves, the supplies

Selections the from For paid Savings over has Utah 36 years thin. very be spread have to would discourses of savings, has condividends on peak and

as are reserves only The welfare all sistently requests. withdrawal honored

Utah Savings operates under supervision strong as the individual food and President in storage other the homes. of Department. State Banking David O. McKay will be pass book Send the check—savingsUtah conference April adIn his 1937 write for details. mailed by return—or * PROFOUND dress the urging storage and home * STIMULATING program, SAVINGS BY THE welfare POSTMARKED INTERESTING President J. Reuben * admonished: Clark, Jr., 20th EARN FROM THE FIRST

A Book for "Let us avoid debt as we would YOUR FAMILY plague; a avoid where

Your Bookstore OH V JLJLK U At debt, let get us out of pages $4.00 wedebt—ifare nownotin 600 AND LOAN ASSOCIATION today, then tomorrow.

65 North University Avenue "Let us straitly and strictly live

Provo, Utah within our incomes and save a little.

"Let every head of every household see to it that he has on hand enough food and clothing, and, where possible, fuel also, for at least a year ahead.... Let every head of every OFFER... WE household aim to own his own home, A COMPLETE

ENGRAVING SERVICE free from mortgage. Let every man

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest who has a garden spot, garden it;

Catalogues.

it. Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention every man who owns a farm, farm

Defies clothe Costly us again Moisture with "Let Damage CO. UTAH ENGRAVING Seal's penetratThompson's deep Water these sterling proved St. 231 Edison City, Utah Salt Lake ourselvesvirtues-—honing all seals pores porous of

esty, chastity, sobriety, truthfulness, materials brick, stucco, concrete, wood, protection—

temperance, industry and thrift; let canvas, etc. (indoors; outdoors). Helps

mildew, moisture weathdamage, er stain. Transparent, disresidue or no DRINK usgreed."discard all covetousness and eliminate coloration. brush, spray, or Use mop

roller. ft. Gal. covers sq. up to 400 At

a spiritual physical such and With paint, building hardware, stores, or supply fic<J A delightful direct. latteras Qt. Gal. $1.55; admonished $4.78 by ppd. No for those preparation hot beverage

E. C.O.D.'s. Inc. Co., A. Thompson Westshall prophets, be day prepared coffee. drink we don't who ern Mart. 3, Merchandise Francisco San

AT YOUR GROCERS for whatever may come. California.

364 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

WHEAT FOR STORAGE

Bulletin No. 13

Revised—5/1/52

Issued by the General Church a kitchen phone

Welfare Committee

In the storing of wheat the following points should be kept in mind:

1. Kind or variety; 2. Grade; 3. Moisture; 4. Container; 5. Quantity; 6.

Storage.

1. Variety: Dark Hard Winter

Wheat (Turkey); Dark Hard Spring Saves many a spoiled

or Marquis Wheat.

dinner, too! Most 2. Grade should be No. 2 or better && sr0f; housewives find this one of

(not less 58 pounds a bushel). Protein should be from 11.50 or 12.50 the handiest spots for S0 an extension telephone*percent. Wheat should be cleaned

for human consumption and free from The cost is only smutt and foreign material. 3 or 4 pennies a day

imporcontent is most 3. Moisture Order from your

tant. that the It is recommended

moisture content be less than 10 perMountain States TelejSfione business office.

cent. Insects are unable to reproduce

in clean grain with a moisture of 9 Why Share Your Space percent or below. INSURED SAFETY with a Swinging Door?

for your savings 4. Containers should be suitable to

Each account inhold weight of grain, protect it from sured up to $10,000 inrodents and insects, and should be by a permanent nonconductors of moisture. (Metal strumentality of the

containers have been most satisfac- U. S. government.

tory.) Open account today

and receive useful 5. Quantity will vary according to appreciation gift!

individual needs. An active person Savings or withwill require more than an inactive drawal transactions

one. As a guide, from past experihandled promptly

ence, one year's requirement will by mail vary from 70 pounds a year for a child SAVE BY MAIL to 300 pounds for an adult. (This

refers only to bread, cereal, and other normal requirements. If circumprod-stances cause wheat and wheat

APPRECIATION GIFT! MODERNFOLD'diet, the the principalucts to become Beautiful imported

amount required for an individual offeredtravel alarmfreeclockfor door takes none would be proportionally increased.) openingof $1,000anor accountmore. ** MORENEW COLORFULSPACE FORBEAUTYLIVING

RIGID - STRENGTH * OF STEEL MOVABLE WALLS * 6. Storage—Wheat will keep inPR U D E NTIAL

ifdefinitely in a cool properly stored

I 1 ASSOCIATION iD the doors that fold moisture with underdry place like an >lODrive, 10 wAV529 W. Las Tunas accordion Gabriel, Calif. San

percent. It should be free from any

foreign materials, especially those nimh: ni In hi

which have odors (kerosene, onions, petroleum products, etc.). If wheat is H)-a()() '- <*** M*mm>-< > -mm*- t.>-mm>0 *—*<>***<'*

stored for more than one year, it should be turned and aerated at least IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS For demonstration write or phone twice a year. Wheat can be cleaned in treatment Aids of Canker, simple ALDER'Sby screening it over a hand sieve sore throat minor and other mouth 1343 Southmade of screen similar to wire door and throat irritations. MainPhone IN 7-1531 Salt Lake City

screen. The most successful storage Please send me your free booklet entitled

has resulted from stock rotation, us- "More Space for Living"IE10.

NAMEing old wheat first and replacing it HALLS REMEDY Address with new wheat at harvest season. - HMinimi>o<—-.mmn<mm>Salt Lake City.i:imm-,!<Utah:-< -< -+m*-r, mm o- City State

MAY 1956 365 Christopher Columbia Says.. THE STORY OF BYU LEADERSHIP WEEK

t"-**(C*—A*""l*t '-——"—-*W** {Continued from page 312) tration, there were 438 college stuof study were music, Florence Jepdents enrolled, in addition to the high

- person Madsen; pageantry, Elbert school students. Save with Safety

H. Eastmond; public speaking and President of the Church was Heber

dramatic art, T. Earl Pardoe; clerical J. Grant, who also served as presiwork, Edward H. Holt; homemaking, dent of the Board of Trustees of the

Ethel Cutler. President Thomas N. university. Thomas N. Taylor, then

Taylor of the Utah Stake, which president of Utah Stake, headed the

less Provo at that time, organized study Trustees, assisted by William J. EARN. Don't take included the areas of Springville and executive committee of the Board of

for his Knight, workers. counselor stake in the priesthood quorum

Earn for your more money presidency, university president Stephen L. ChipGeorge Former and... $ mm safety full complete a 4% with Alpine Stake president. Brimhall conducted the missionman, STATE H.

instituthis supervised state at

SUPERVISED ary presentday work classes. program under The

tion. an Save by mail. Open

account by writing noW. ELBERT R. Excerpts from a letter from Lowry President Ernest L. Wilkinson, folCURTIS Nelson to T. Earl Pardoe many years lows the early pattern of Leadership

President later, recapture somewhat the spirit Week except that it has been exand enthusiasm of the first Leadership panded each year and is now held in

Week: "As I look back on those days early summer rather than in January,

SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSN. I wonder at the amount of effort providing an environment of spiritual1056 EAST 21ST SOUTH ST. that the faculty was willing to put ity and relaxation in the shadows of

SALT LAKE CITY 6, UTAH into this undertaking. Harrison R. the Rockies overlooking the verdant

Merrill, Kiefer Sauls, and I stayed up and serene city of Provo. General

almost every night until the wee Authorities are invited to speak at the getting assembly hours a programs are held of the morning out which "BANQUETMASTER"each newspaper Leadership throughout day mimeographed which we THE NEW! ALLNEW 1955 MODEL

TABLE FOLDING thrilling called the yourthat Daily Leader. addresses You Week—giving Designed for today's beautiful

oras clarify inspire as well putting of points the self were on plays; Schools Churches

Cafes Private Homes chestra, the band, the choruses were doctrine and give specific instructions practising like mad for their annual to the patrons. Also, heads of the

Sample concerts during Leadership Week. general boards give addresses and adtable al Great days they were!... The atvice on Church activities. sent

no costtendance at the first week was quite In order to better focus the ideals write for literally overwhelming."of Leadership Week, an annual theme

details The first Leadership Week was a has been chosen, commencing in 1925 "BANQUETMASTER"Is success, great Saints of with with folding Latterday table with The the Heart new "The Home your choice at of colored banquetytops no Civilization."areas, selected mostly coming themes Other from many Utah cost. extra

table sent Sample at no cost to and Idaho. People were housed with in following years were "Your Cominstitutions. churches and all

trucks Storage of design advanced chairs for tables. for residents of Provo and surrounding munity and What You Make It,"Write and

description, prices and guarantee. settlements. So much had the pro- "Our Times,""Character in the

D. H. Loosli Co., Inc. gram grown in favor and value to Modern World,""Building Zion ToIdaho Falls, Idaho the Church that by 1955 there were day,""Man's Quest for Joy,""Eternal

196 stakes and 19 missions repreProgression,"and "The Truth Shall sented. Make You Free."The theme that

Credit for initiating this vast and has been selected for the 1956 LeaderFOR farreaching program of the Extenship Week is "Widening Horizons."

MOTHER'S DAY sion Division goes to President FrankThe success of Leadership Week at the thoughtful gift lin S. Harris, whose quick, alert mind, Brigham Young University has led to

is this beautiful and strong administrative ability the conducting of "baby leadership resulted in the success of the first venweeks"by other institutions in variture. President Harris took his posious parts of the West. In these

tion as head of the university named assemblies there is a cooperation beafter the second President of the tween Latterday Saint stake officials h&rd Latterday Saint Church, July 1, 1921, and the university, with BYU faculty 04687x The New Long Primer succeeding George H. Brimhall, who members in attendance and delivering

of addresses. the many president since 1904. Concordance Bible, with been had Two

large, easyto-read type Bi6(e its other Presidents, enthusiastic Cluff Benjamin and and spirited From America's center and references.

Beautifully bound in levGift Bible Karl G. Maeser, had preceded Elder but somewhat small beginning almost

ant Persian grain Morocco, Prior to going four to the decades ago, "Y,"Leadership Week 1675 Brimhall. limp, leather lined, with Since of director President Harris the has continued in both enrolwas to grow $16.50 corners, round edges, gold

and Family Record. Ultraat your State Agricultural Experimental Stament and in the number and variety

thin India paper. booksellers Oxford Agricultural of courses presented. year, tion at the Last [Utah State] 90%

1". x Available 5*%6 x 8% of College at Logan, all the stakes of the Utah. At the time were Church r-ed. in black or

of the commencement of his adminisrepresented, as well as almost half 366 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of the 42 missions. In 1955, there

were 25 individuals who indicated that they had never missed a Leadership Week, while 42% attended for the first time last summer.

In accordance with Latterday Saint concepts of service to one another, the faculty members donate their Cjjji time without remuneration to provide high quality training for Leadership

Week program, which this year will include over six hundred hours of instruction for those who are seeking.. and

the skills and knowledge available on campus to them. it's good

33rd Leadership Annual The Week Awill be held under the June 1822 sufor them pervision of President Ernest L. Wilof Milk

Baking Royal Dr.kinson, with Harold Glen Clark,

Lake and Ogden Co in Every Loaf ofdirector Division, Extension the and Salt

Dr. Lynn M. Hilton, his assistant, as

coordinators. Dr. Clark is known to Enriched with VITAMINS and IRON

many Latterday Saints as the author of the popular book on Church organizations, Millions of Meetings.

Among the features of this year's

Leadership Week will be a flower show and fashion show, and departmental exhibits from many areas of the university as well as by offcampus governmental and business organizations. Oncampus housing Direct Prices &

facilities will be provided this year for Discounts to women guests, men guests, and marChurches. Schools,

ried couples in various parts of and all Institutions the rapidlyexpanding BYU housing areas. Offcampus locations are also

caferequest.available upon The TRUCKS storingMONROEteria will bar be prepared snack truck and Forthe wayTables easy,either modernFoldingtables handles

chairs.permits of EachandConstruestorageChairs No. TSCorto patrons. Storage serve Transport Leadership Week Truckspace. tionin limited

Truck No. TS

The curriculum has evolved someChurch Units may direct their inquiries to the what in the past several years to inChurchSouth Temple,PurchasingSalt LakeDepartment,City 1, Utah.47 East

clude more and more subjects of an THE "WOWIO COMPANY academic nature and thus avoid dup249 CHURCH STREET, COLFAX. IOWA

lication of training functions set up within the official Church organizations. Among the highlights of the

program this year will be "Genealogy

Leadership,"with Lynn McKinlay; SKIN PROBLEMS?

"Your Boy in the Service,"with W. If you are troubled with rough, dry,

Cleon Skousen; "How We Elect the inscalingdespair,or itchingthinkingskin noand producthave givenwouldup

President,"with Richard Poll and relieve or heal your skin, then you owe

Stewart Grow; "Art in Everyday it to yourself to try H & M OINTMENT.

Life,"with Gerrit de Jong; "BYU Yourointmentdruggistand haswill thisgladlymarvelousrefundhealingyour

Film Making,"with Wetzel O. Whitmoney if you are not pleased with reaker; "Basketball Coaches Clinic,"FILMS! sults. It is pleasant to use, odorless andwith Stan Watts; "Progress of ExcavaDEVELOPED skincolor.

tions in Book of Mormon Lands,"and PRINTED with Wells Jakeman; "American Research Exercises,"with Archibald F.

SATISFY. ABSOLUTELY TO GUARANTEED ofBennett, other subjects a host and H

it at Get order from your drug*Mstore, or fields of varied education.from

GUARANTEE! MONEYBACK Authoriof the General Members & H LABORATORIES M

151ties NEPHI, will EAST NORTH, to give UTAH 2ND high present be purSAM'S

P. O. PHOTO1115, Box Dept. AALAB 1 oi. 2 oz. - $1.25 - $2.00 inspiration to this greatpose and Salt City, Lake Utah

festival of learning. POSTPAID

MAY 1956 367 VourRige

MIA MAIDS OF NAPLES WARD HONORED and I also enjoyed "The Worthy Saints of Europe,"by Thomas

E. McKay, in the December issue.

fPHiRTEEN Mia Maids of Naples Ward, Uintah Stake, and their It is mighty lonely over here in Europe and The Improvement parents, met and tied their Rose Bouquet under the direction Era helps a lot.

of their leader, Aha Duvall, who has tied the Rose Bouquet for the May the Lord bless you always.

seventh consecutive year. Featured during the evening was a proSincerely,

gram of song, story, music, and dance, with each girl, their leader, HI Pvt. Donald J. Capson

the stake Mia Maid leader, Irva Huber, and Bishop DeMarr

Duvall, taking part. Eleven of the girls have earned Mia Joys Rosario, Argentina

and individual awards. Left to right: Janna O. "Haslem, Ilene Dear Editors,

Karren, Norma Rodeback, Aloah Harrison, DeAnne Haws, Sharon Tt was a very real joy to receive The Improvement Era that you

Wilson, Gloria McLean, Aha Duvall, leader; Lorraine Neilson, sent me.

Gladys R. Peterson, Myrna Anderson, Betty Richards, Lorna I have read it almost from cover to cover and have enjoyed

Southam, and Delora Clark. it very much indeed.

Apart from being a pleasantto-read magazine, it is very useful and instructive.

I think it is exactly the kind of magazine I have always longed for. Thank you very much for it.

Sincerely yours, HI Benito Misano

Cave Creek, Arizona Dear Improvement Era:

W/"ill you allow a former member of the YLMIA [now YWMIA]—back in 1914 and 15 when I was the only nonLDS member

in a town with a fourteacher school in which I was the first and second grade teacher—subscribe to The Improvement Era? (beginning with Nov.) I understand Richard L. Evans'"Spoken

Word"for each month are in it. He has been one of my favorite

speakers for more than twentyfive years, ever since the Tabernacle

KSL—myprogram camefavoriteover station,NBC. I socannotthis isalwaysthe bestcatchwaythe toprogrambe sureoverto

get his talks. [This program began on NBC in 1929, but has been

on CBS since September 4, 1932.—Ed.]

APO, New York My first year of the thirtyone I have taught was fortyone years

Dear Editors: ago at Taylor, Arizona where I was the only nonMormon. There

I received The Improvement Era from the fellows back home for I sang in the choir and joined the YLMlA. I still have friends

a Christmas gift. there.

I really enjoy reading it. It gives great spiritual feeling when Sincerely yours,

I read it. I liked the report on Europe, by Spencer W. Kimball, (Mrs) Elsie V. Linn

MISSIONARIES OF EAST LONG BEACH STAKE

During 1955 the missionary program in the East Long Beach (California) Stake had many accomplishments. Each

missionary (and the mission averaged sixtythree missionaries each month during the year) spent an average of 33.6 hours each month. His meetings averaged 8.1. The 134 baptisms in the stake mission during 1955 averaged 2.12

for each missionary. The picture was taken at a mission conference held at the stake center last January. From left

to right in the front row are Stake President Max A. Bryan, Elder Raymond R. Linford of the high council, who

is mission representative, and Mission President Jack Calder, Jr.

368 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Today... tomorrow... and for many

years to come, the magnificent chapels that dot our Intermountain West will be as much in style as they were when first constructed.

Brick's timeless qualities together with the inspiration of trained architects, have made these modern structures everlasting and permanent. They're outstanding examples of the true economy of brick

construction... structural soundness... beauty... low original cost and minimum

maintenance. Build for today... build for the years to come... specify BRICK

INTERSTATE BRICK CO.3100 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

EjwC&fclOit/ (Nub

his future depends on you

This young scientist, who could well be your own son, is an important part of the new

Industrial Revolution known as "automation."

His knowledge can mean that much of the tedious work of the world will be done automatically, by machinery. It can also mean

more goods at less cost, and more time to enjoy them.

It took careful planning and financing to put this young engineer in front of that complicated control panel. The training for a

career in electronics, atomic physics, and dozens of other new fields with unlimited opportunities is long and costly.

You can open the door to success in the complex world of tomorrow for your sons and daughters: send today for the free Beneficial

booklet "Planned Futures."

BENEFICIAL LIFE (rjompanu

David O. McKay, Pres Salt Lake City, Utah

Send For FREE Helpful Booklet

BENEFICIAL LIFE INS. CO.

Beneficial Building Salt Lake City, Utah --ssy Please send me a copy of your free booklet, "Planned

Futures."No obligation, of course.

Name

Street or RFD

CityZone State.