WlmprouemenT Era

:;.':i.Sl2X':SM

<mM

m

#i*'W0,

%m,.**

i lAUU

NL 9 44

sir'it* nstmt mmxmwm -#- Flavor, fun and foodfor-freedom... of vegetables depends largely on how

three important reasons for growing they are prepared. Authorities recomyour own vegetables. * Is your 1944 mend: Cook them whole when possiVictory garden planted? If not, hurry ble; and cook most varieties quickly in

it along! Word comes from Washing- a minimum of water. * This demands

controlled, quick heat... gasfuel. Yes,

ton that home gardening... said to

score another exclusive advantage for have yielded nearly half of all vegethe gas range. It aids you to get the

tables consumed in America last year most out of your garden produce...

... is even more important this year. in vitamins, minerals, flavor and health.

SUPPLY COMPANY FUEL Remember, too, that nutritive value MOUNTAIN

Communitiet Serving 23 Utah Food Fights jor Freedom—Enlist as a Victory Gardener!

SERVING THE WEST IN WAR AND PEACE

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

"D ats raised in a cold room grow most *"rapidly and learn fastest, it has been found in a comparison of rats raised and kept at temperatures of 55, 75, or 90 degrees Fahrenheit. However, those

raised in the hot room had longer, more slender bodies and longer tails.

HThe 1940 U.S. census found that

A Utah, with 10.2 median school years

completed, was exceeded only by

Washington, D.C. This means that half

the population of Utah have been to school for longer than that period. Utah

has 5.5 percent of the population who

have less than five years of schooling, with only Idaho and Oregon lower.

MCcarcelycity burieda third byof Pompeii,Italy's volcanicRoman

Vesuvius in A.D. 79, has been excavated.

"TPhe basin drained by the Amazon -* River in South America is an area larger than all of the United States east of the Mississippi River.

pROM the friction of westward blow- * ing winds on the surface of the off Pacific Philipwater, the the Ocean IT AVAILABLE level TD KEEP haspines and sea a Guinea New about two feet higher than off the American coast.

'o-called denicotinized tobaccos still contain half the original nicotine. A study of the Gunnison prairie dog ****** in Colorado found that eighty percent of their food is grass, useful as

food for cattle and sheep, and only Mothers whose babies must have sixteen percent of plants such as the milk from a bottle will be glad to

Russian thistle and nightshade, which are undesirable range plants. know that we are continuing to ask

> grocers to reserve a supply of Irradiclearest in the seawater about"pvEN ated Milk to Sego meet the demands,L/ is light twothirds the of absorbed of their customers baby whenever firstin ten in the water, yard of and yards almost fivesixths has been abthere is less than enough to meet all sorbed including practically all of the needs.

infrared heat rays and the ultraviolet.

Light reaching lower depths is all in the We are making the armed servicesvisible range.

4 and the babies preferred customers

HPhe productivity of fruit orchards has while making every effort to increase

A been increased in California by addproduction so as to meet all demands.

ing ammonia to the irrigation water as fertilizer.

Sego Milk Products Company About fifty thousand names have Originator of Evaporated Milk for parts the various used beenT of in the Intermountain West thisthe body, but has reduced been now to an official list of about five thousand. Plants at Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

{ Concluded on page 356 JUNE, 1944 353 CJIu. "Era Improvement"THE GLORY OF GOD IS INTELLIGENCE

LBL<B| itfr iff <ffl rim i<lfli An MS J

JUNE, 1944 VOLUME 47, NO. 6

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement

Associations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward

Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints

-k '-9 *Jja f Jke Lcover Jhe (Laitord J-aae srlaa citizens of any COMMEMORATING the Joseph Smith President Heber J, Grant 363 To flag the country, birth of the Prophis all that symbolizes et Smith, Joseph (church featured land. their best, in To

resthe through whom the of citizens United 364 Fielding Smith Joseph Martyrs The gospel of the toration States, June Day, Flag of the the of Council Twelve E, Petersen Mark this effected, monwas time 14, well a be may 366 Smith A. Henry the on stands ument the evaluating of what 368 Ashton the Right Marvin O* Memorial Smith The Hard Joseph Way Way or flag the country and

Vermont, in Smith 369 F* Joseph Prophet Farm Joseph Latterstand Smith—A for. To born Dewas where he Berrett 371 E.: William Letter to Joseph Smith.... the symbol day Saints,

cember 23, 1805. His Evidences and Reconciliations: has come to mean a

27, 1844, June death on in belief free treasured to Smith This Day? Speak Joseph unLXXIX—Did of an hands at the right the in of agency, in Neutrals Heaven? Negroes LXXX—Were emphaprincipled mob citizen to chose each Baptisms? Perform Ever magnificent the sized LXXXI—Did Jesus for himself he what John the man, stature of A* Widtsoe 385 will do, long so as

who, under the direcThe Orrilla Higley Letters. 398 does not violate theit

tion of the Eternal Temple Square Broadcast ReWard Teachers'Message 395 like right of others.

Father, could, in a ceives Award, 1943.367 Music Page 396 Today, more than ever

scant: thirty*nme years, The Church Moves On 383 Genealogy 397 before, this right of

form into concrete put in 399 choice is uppermost 392 Melchizedek..374, Priesthood: Nauvoo Road, C F. Steele the of the organization. 380, 402 the minds Messages 394 Mutual of those who Aaronic..

Church of Jesus Christ NoLiquor-Tobacco Column..393 Field Photos 402, 403 are fighting and dying

of Latterday Saints for America. God

which has carried the grant we maintain the church and its memberJ5pedal *jreattAre6 right of free agency in honor of ship to a place our own...370 country—and Giles Honored r. D. John throughout respect and its establishhasten 373 Willard Luce Pictures Better in which land the very the throughout ment

he was martyred. The Influence of Three Ancient Cities on Civilization world.

The photograph is Levi Edgar Young 374 from trie Fellowcraft Thoughts for the Service Man's Quiet Hour—HI *

Studios, retouched by 376 Brown Hugh B*

Jacobsen. Charles L. Evans The Spoken...: Word from Temple Square....Richard 378 ExecutiveOffices:and Editorial

Personality Girls Emily H* Bennett 380 50 North Main Street,

Joseph Smith Contemplated a Western Migration

Salt 1, City Utah. Lake 382 Cecil E* McGavin

Copyright 1944 by MuEditors the Universe, Frankfrom Little, Exploring Homing: Much Inc., Funds, tual Cor- a J. Grant Heber 386 lin S. Harris, 353 R. Smith Jr Emma poration of the Young A. Widtsoe John InAustralian B. Speculation Corner, Josephine on Cook's ImproveMutual Men's

in fluences Nichols America, 386 South Editor Managing Association of the ment

Richard L. Evans Charles E. Dibble 355 Handy Hints 387 Church of Jesus Christ of

Telefacts 356 388 Just Horse Sense Good All Saints. Latterday Editors Associate for ErFarms. 388 Forest of a Testimony, Trees The Way rights reserved. SubscripJosephson C. Marba 357 Petereit the 391 from Camps News ma price, tion year, $2.00 a,a Mulder William......:.400 Earthquake, Argentina Books The in single advance; 20c

i is SelfInterest? 358 Payne Ezra J. What Ray Manager General copy.

....Poulsen 404 Complaining, Stop Let's Morris George Q. Entered Post the at

Scriptural 359 Puzzle—.408 Crossword Bergman George Office, City, Salt Lake Associate Manager 412 Advertisers Zobell, to Profiles, Albert L. Jr.....362 Index Utah, as secondclass Cannon Lucy G. 381 416 Living and Ours Page on Your Thoughts Some matter. for Acceptance

Business Manager mailing at special rate of

John K. Orton in postage for provided (L*ditoriaU

of 1 103, Act OcAdvertising National Years... Richard L. Evans 384 section Reflections on a Hundred authorized tober, 1917, Representatives

Francis M. Mayo, July 2, 1918.

Era Improvement The City Salt Lake Sur,one6, loetu is not responsible for un- S. Townsend, Edward

San Francisco Blessing of Earth Lisbeth Smith 372 solicited manuscripts, but

Dougan and Bolle, Frontispiece...: 361 Poem, A Soldier's Prayer, Pvt. welcomes contributions.

Pray- T. Johnson Harvey Nurse's Chicago and Poem, Army An 391 All manuscripts be must

401 391 Poetry er, Lt. Page Matson, E. A.N.C New York suffiaccompanied by

Member, Audit Bureau of cient postage for delivery

Circulations and return.

CIRCULATION FOR THIS ISSUE: 94,000

354 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SpecviiaLr lond on AUSTRALIAN INFLUENCE IN SOUTH AMERICA

By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE

Theinternationallyobservationsknownof Dr. anthropoloPaul Rivet, water Australiankalian Patagoniankavva. gist and director of the "Museum

of Man"in Paris, on the origins of man fire makka maka in America, are further evidence of the hand mar mart interest the history of civilization in anblood guara, gwaro wuat, huatv cient America has awakened. After a man yalli, iwala at, hal

lifetime of individual research and collaboration with fellow scholars, Dr. The route these influences may have

Rivet presents anthropological, ethnofollowed presents a more difficult probYour dealer for Mrs. J. G. McDonald's

Chocolates cannot always supply you.

As with all other dealers, he is on a

limited'quota of these worldfamous

chocolates.

This makes it possible for the Mrs J. G.,

McDonald Chocolate Company to du

vert much of its production to our fighting men. We know you'll agree

these men in uniform come first.

So, when your dealer says "Sorry,.."

POSSIBLE ROUTES just remember the chocolates you didn't AUSTRALIA FROM

TO SOUTH AMERICA get have gone to a member of our

ACCORDING TO MENDES CORREA fighting forces. When your dealer can

supply you, you'll know that Mrs. J. G.

McDonald's Chocolates are delicious...

fresh... the best of good chocolates.

graphical, and linguistic proof of Auslem. A crossing in their simple craft by

tralian influences in aboriginal South way. of the South Pacific seems distant

America. and improbable. Dr. Rivet favors a

Admitting that the influence from theory suggested by the anthropologist

Australia was limited, the anthropoloMendes Correa. He observed that via

gist is able to trace Australian traits to the Antarctica South America can be the southernmost tribes of South Amerreached from Australia with some deica. gree of ease. The existence of a numThe southern tribes and those of ber of intermediate islands, such as

Australia are of blood type O. Auckland, Campbell, and Macquarie iCsfrutufr

Common to Australia and Tierra del would serve as stopping places along CHOCOLATE

Fuego are bark boats, beehiveshaped such a theoretical route. Dr. Rivet obCOMPANY

huts, hair braids six that in a serves thousand years spiral, and a huntsome ago Salt Lake City, Utah Owned and Operated bying this of the weapon possible route type. boomerang been have made may

Linguistically the following corresdue to a glacial recession in the southMrs. J. G. McDonald and R. Neal McDonald

pondence is found in vocabulary: ern region.

JUNE, 1944 355 SAIL THROUGH TEUFACT MORE FARM SHORTCAKE SEASON EQUIPMENT AVAILABLE IN 1944

WITH fsf-J I 1940

fNSNJin

BISKIT MIX PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION

It's "smooth sailing"all the wayfrom strawberry through peach shortcake timewhen EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE you bake with Fisher's Biskit (Concluded from page 353) internal grinders a motor has been deMix! HPhe earliest synagogue excavated in veloped which runs at 60,000 revolu-

* Palestine belongs to the latter part tions a minute.

Shortcut to shortcake, this deof the second century A.D. It is suppendable baking mix has the posed that any earlier synagogues were 'T'he brain separated from the body

shortening "fluffedin"to destroyed in the rebellions against Rome * can swell ten times and still mainits If coherence. it swells only

life, make your biscuits, shortcake in 6670 A.D. and 131135 A.D. threetain during percent and coma

and other hot breads extra- /hick deaths have been reduced twodeath result.

fluffy! -> thirds by disinfecting the air in

hatcheries ultraviolet poultry with itself lizard protects Chuckwalla 'T'he recipes tested Mills'Try Mary vitamin part lamps. D-producing The * or rocks jumping between by two Biskit package in Mix the helps the reducing of the ultraviolet on

itself in into crevice a wedging and five eight to time from weeks. growing to sure easy, way vva quick, itself air, filling full tightly that of so by 4

it it out. pulled cannot Since be makes bake!"

HpHE possibility of planting sugar beets good eating the Indians get it out by

Send Coupon below * in the summer instead of the spring, letting the air out with a sharp stick or for this hasto easebeenthedemonstratedfarmer's workin Russia.in the spring, wire.

rising fastest building elevator five * for or ten minutes under a presfeet a minute. SPECIAL OFFER T'he* goes Tf glass or quartz is exposed to water 1500 up only of atmospheres, sure then 15,000 and

Two plastic ration 4 the pressure suddenly released, the in surface, grinding high speed glass or quartz will or shatbe broken 'The token holders liquid * grinding, mile tered. compressed almost penhas Enough a to move

a minute. To have the grinding surface etrates the solid to break the glass when

this fast on small wheels used in the outer pressure is removed. RED and BLUE move

Keep those ration tokens under control—red ones in the red holder, blue in the

blue holder. To get this handy pair of

featherweight plastic token holders, send just ten cents in coin plus the wax label TEtEFACT

CAPITA TAXES REACHES NEW HIGH from the top of the Fisher's Biskit Mix US PER package. S357

(MMWWVVUWWVVVVVWWWWVWVWWVVMMMVWWWMMtMMMWM

FISHER FLOURING MILLS COMPANY.

Seattle 4, Washington $161 Enclosed top of Biskit Mix package and 10 cents for red and blue ration token holders.

Name -

Address -

City -

- THIS CANADA State f GT. nsGAi—BRITAIN YEAR YEAR YEAR sufficient, write on margin) (If space not

WCTOGRAPH CORPORATION

356 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jhe lA/au of a in Weed Control! TESTIMONY Long Step Forward

0 Carina fetereit Thousands of ranchers and farmers

TheThosebestwordsthingshavein alifegayarefamiliarfree. w found perfect satisfaction in the

ring. All of us have given voice or use of

ear to them many times. Their deceptive

simplicity appeals to the casual, unthinking mind, implying as it does an irof atmethodresponsible and effortless at CARBON desire. taining the heart's They are

once true and false—true in their literal

implication. in theirsense—false

thinking must be acBISULPHIDE Wishful, wistful companied by action if it is to be and thousands more are buying it each year for realized. The miracle of a rose bloomcleaning up patches of morning glory and numing where no rose bloomed before—the erous other noxious weeds. A single application

deep emerald velvet of grass where once does the job without injury to livestock or soil was dull brown earth—the homely comand permits planting this season.

forting sense of peace that lingers in the rows of a kitchen garden—all these are free to any man if he first studies and Mack's AntiWeed Gun

then obeys the laws of successful garis the most efficient tool made for applying this dening.

And as in gardening so in life. It were chemical.

vain to imagine we have but to desire Send for free illustrated Booklet 212P containing and spiritual benefits will fall into our full instructions.

outstretched hands like manna from heaven. If that were so, there would be

an end to growth and progression. WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER, 636 California St., San Francisco

The burning sincerity of an honest man's testimony never fails to reach our Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches

hearts. It may be couched in the most

exquisite English at an eloquent speaker's command or again the words may drop in a halting, broken fashion from the lips of a humble unlettered man. It

matters not. A true testimony cries outfrom the very soul and the manner in Tastes Good

which it is delivered is not important.

What it is goodthat Godis isimportantno respecteris the ofknowledgepersons. because

Powerful, soulstirring testimonies are not reserved for the great and the famous ones of the earth. You and I have When you serve Royal Bread, you not

the promise. only have same We to only provide a tasteappealing treat, but that such the laws with governcomply

a spiritual blessing to receive it. you are contributing good solid nourish'

reap must sow. To we first And before the ment to your family's diet... prepare must sow we we

ground that it may be ready to receive a food rich in vitamin B:. sStt

the seed. This is a law of life as well

as gardening. A proud, rebellious heart

is not ready for the tender gift of a testiTune in every Monday, Wednesday mony.—made Itready—evenmust be brokenas theandhard,softenedunand HomeFriday.Front"SamQuartermaster"Adams, Your

yielding earth must be broken and 9:30 A.M.—KSL

softened before it can receive and nurture the seeds the gardener wishes to plant. ROYAL BAKING COMPANY, Salt Lake and Ogden

Sorrow, adversity, service, patience More Than Fiity Years of Service and Progress in suffering, constant prayer and unfaltering faith—all these prepare the

heart for the seed of truth and strangely enough, nurture that same seed day after day, year after year so that in time WHEREVER THEY GO—SEND THE ERA

the seed feeds and warms the heart that harbors it and we have a testimony. "We look forward each month to receiving our copy of the ERA and find it

Yes, the best things in life are free extremely helpful in conducting our meetings."

free to the one who bows his head and Marion D. Young

gives unquestioning obedience to the South Pacific Area laws by which they are governed.

JUNE, 1944 357: a

THE ARGENTINA

(Lavtkaviakaviat A MISSIONARY LETTER DESCRIBES THE

RECENT VIOLENT DISTURBANCES IN

SOUTH AMERICAN LANDS

J-cr auneay Dm Cider f\aut No battles over milk when you make it into delicious RENNETCUSTARDS It's fun for little folks to eat milk with a spoon in delicious, colorful rennetcus- TUCUMAN tards. So easy, to make—no eggs, no STREET.

cooking—and they get all the precious CONCEPCION,

vitamins and minerals of fresh milk. ARGENTINA

And more—the rennet enzyme makes

milk more readily digestible.

"Junkef"all grocers Rennet Powder Six 'favorite—Atflavors. Already sweetened.

Vanilla Chocolate Lemon Orange Raspberry Maple—Not"Junket"sweetened.RennetAddTabletssugar,

flavor to taste. Each tablet

0 dessertsmakes 4 oror more5 rennetcustardthan a pint in automatic ice cream in t<ueA*f offrigerators. package. 12 reAt Monday, 17 of January, 1944 about two months'more missionary

grocers and druggists. Mendoza, Argentina work. And so it happened that Pedro

Gomez, a member, and I were in a show

Dear Mother and Dad when the temblor struck. I'd never

At 20:46 (8:46 p.m.) Saturday, been in an earthquake before that and

the 15th, death struck a sudden and I didn't know what it was at first. Do

terrible blow at lazy, sunbaked San you remember how the old Crawford

Juan. At the moment about 5000 people Theater used to shake every time a

had their last glimpse of this world—train would go by?—that is how it felt

vision of flying adobes and, crumbling only quite a bit more violent. The lights

walls. The earth quaked for a full minwere turned on and a great number of

ute. The first blow must have been terpeople ran towards the exits—causing

still in our seats. sftBsiML ribly sharp. I asked a friend from San a great confusion. We, however, sat gapsS **s2:s-M*tr Juan:you feel?""What kind of movement did Wednesday, 19

for delicious recipes milkdes Wartime "I felt of or four the any quake, shock days after Today, no movement also ice serta book and rntt "let, "Mother, Diet?"creams;What About helpfulMy It is still rnFFI facts to light. realized that roofs kind. the I suddenly are coming many

Junket'Folks,""The, '"Inc., Dept. Laboratory, Hansen's'Chr.

.) (In Toronto, On! Falls. Canada, Y. N. Little

Please send free wartime recipes and children's diet booklet.

(Just paste this coupon on postcard and add yutir name and address. )

CATHEDRAL OF

CONCEPCION, SAN JUAN, ARGENTINA

More than 150 were FDRCHURCHES killed in a weddingM Am here. SCHOOLS

Large stocks are carried for vocal and instrumental solos, choirs, bands and orchestras. There is but

limited curtailment by the govern-U ment in the publishing of music and your requirements can be reasonably supplied. Mail orders filled

promptly or write for catalogues and special lists. and the walls were falling. Everything impossible to estimate accurately the

VICTOR, COLUMBIA CABBY tos WE just suddenly range 1,500 and quietly fell down dead. from Estimates RECORDS. OTHER AND over It will probably 20,000. a little be any warning,"of pianos without While manufacture the

disconBrewer, is 5,000* instruments Brother total companion, of Estimates band though. was damMy

the govtinued months ago by will Aires]. be pesos. [Buenos are B. A, 400,000,000 about age The He conditions, ernment, 18 due to war we in I and first leg class stocks of this of is limited flying still have affected oval on the roughly an about back this week area

of merchandise and invite you to his trip home. However, before he con100 kilometers long and 70 wide with write information. for further

tinues his trip he will stop here to do {Concluded on page 404)

DAYNES MUSIC CO. "Son of Bishop and Mrs. George O. Payne, El Paso xIn a more recent letter Elder Payne places the

47 So. Main St. Salt Lake City Ward. Texas. figure at 15,000.358c THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

w$4.

cJet'd J>to COMPLAINING

By George Bergman

Irrigation farming in North Africa is still done the hard way. Here we find ortation

an American soldier giving an irrigation project the once over. Probably

thinking, "How primitive compared to the way we do it back home."

From dawn to dusk, Arab farmers drive their ox teams, sometimes camels, back and forth, pulling water from open wells over crude wooden riggings such as these and spilling it on their land for irrigation. When the cowhide bags

reach a certain spot on the wooden & rollers of this crude rigging, they automatically spill their contents. The farmer and his team lower the bags again

into the well and start all over.

And then we complain because cer- && tain items are frozen or not manufacfor the tured duration and have to LET'S USE IT CAREFULLY we without with do or work ask for your free copy of things equipment, doing lesssay—"themodern—we

HARD Way,"our pamphlet "20 Hints for the Home Front Motorist"—

SOLDIER LOOKING AT NORTH AFRICAN

IRRIGATION WELL At my PEP 88VICO STATION or DEALER

ICO

[PEPi

Let Us Help You Make Your Car Last Longer

GRAHAMFAULTLESS FARM FUNNIES...wedding chatter HUN7CR

SME. VOO DO KUOVJ GOT

OF CBSg. STTAWHA \NV\0\-t? KX V\ttt. KYTCUtUFPUUTV-'ESS SHOWER

lucky girl! th\nk.

to use

JUNE, t?4i 359

.

TO egtmring at tJje bottom mttlj ifye exfyoriaium ( of <4iltorom, mxb reaobtg ciockftrtse, tlpsc scenes arth

illustrations oeptct sigttificant Ijappettirtgs m tlje life of tlje |JroBljet Sosepl}

trtrjplace—JJertmmi

palmgra lome, JCe&i

Wc\z Ji>acreQ (liroue

Stye;$fill akmoratj

Uoseoif Jlecet&es trje |flaies

J&usquefyatma Jftioer

2Wk of Harmon FINE FOODS TO FEATUREFINE FOODS TO BUY! JleterfafyereJUlfttttier'st\\t cfyurcrfJHontemas

Some foods just naturally have what it takes to please the majority of people. Royal Gelatins, Royal Puddings, Royal organized

Baking Powder and Fleischmann's Foil Yeast rate high in popularity because they're superb in quality and goodness.

These Standard Brands Products are fine foods to feature JSmrk of Commartomeitts... fine foods to buy. for tlje (iooerrotieitt of FLEISCHMANN'S FOIL YEAST

V-8 VEGETABLE JUICES tlfe rfurctj of (Enrist

ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS ROYAL BAKING POWDER (tjis later became i\\z

SALAD ROYAL GELATIN (Boctrirte arto (EooeitPUDDINGS ROYAL ants.)

priiatth Lzmpk, rjio

pearl of (ireat Price

JUtoerl Jjail, tssowrt

Standard Brands Incorporated Wt\e Prophet's first Ijome m att&oo, <3lllmots WE OffER Ije attuoo %txaah.. IN USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS (Eartrjage 3(ail, <3(lliriois

A COMPLETE Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

ENGRAVING SERVICE sore throat, and other minor mouth

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest and throat irritations. Catalogues

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

CO. UTAH ENGRAVING Hall's Canker Remedy

St. 113 Regent Salt Lake City, Utah City, Utah 536 East 2nd So.—at Salt Lake

340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

l-'roHue6 #

Joseph Smith as some of his contemporaries saw him

elec&Jly albert l zobell, jr.

Josiah Quincy Hears the Prophet

Preach "pORTYTHREE days before the martyr- * dom, Nauvoo was visited by Charles

Francis Adams and Josiah Quincy, who met the Prophet and other leaders of the church. Years later Mr. Quincy published a small volume entitled Figures

of the Past, in which he gave his impressions of the men and events of his lifetime, including the Mormon prophet.

The following is briefed from that book: A Dr. Goforth, a veteran of Andrew

Jackson's battle of New Orleans, campaigning in the presidential interests of

Henry Clay, had met Adams and Quincy on the river steamer and had convinced them that they should stop at Nauvoo to study its people.

The day of interviewing and sightseeing, in which they had been joined by other travelers, including a Methodist minister whose name Quincy didn't recall, was drawing to a close when Dr.

Goforth said: "General Smith, I think

Mr. Quincy would like to hear you

"1 preach.""Then

replied, Prophet stepping from the lawn dorit understand women"to I shall be happy to do so,"the the steps of the Mansion House. He

chose for his text, "Go ye into all the "Darling, you're taking in a lot of territory. Remember, world, and preach the gospel to every

you're a married man."itorscreature."and SaintsSoon hegatheredhad a crowdaroundof him.vis-

"Never mind the gags, Sister. Just tell me why you put soap poraneousHowever, addressthe fluencywas interruptedof the extemsev-

in my bag. This is a firstclass hotel. They supply soap, I'm sure!"eral times hy*?the Methodist minister

who questioned the soundness of certain theological positions maintained by "No wonder you don't understand women—I doubt if you the speaker.

even recognize them. That isn't just 'soap'you have in The Prophet was asserting that baptism for the remission of sins was esyour hand. It's a bar of FelsNaptha—the only soap that sential for salvation, when the minister

ever touches the gorgeous lingerie you blushingly cried: "Stop! What do you say to the

bought me last Christmas. caseJosephof the Smithpenitentturnedthief?"and asked:

do "What you mean by that?""We'll be here a w<*ek and before we leave I'll have to know,'"You our Savior said to the

do a little makeshift laundering. thief, 'Today shalt thou be with me in

paradise,'which shows that the thief So just to be sure—that my favorite could not have been baptized before his

admission."

'undies'get their usual beauty bath "How do you know that he wasn't

I brought the FelsNaptha Soap along! baptized before he became a thief?"

came the quick reply, which left the "And what's more, my ambitious audience gathered on that May evening chuckling. Quieting his listeners, the

Casanova, I don't care whether you Prophet continued, "But that is not the true answer. In the original Greek, as understand women or not—so long this gentleman,"pointing to Mr. Quinas you appreciate me!"cy, "will inform you, the word that has

been translated paradise means simply a place of departed spirits. To that

and there, doubtless, he received theFELSNAPTHA S0AP banishes7attleTale Gray"place the penitent thief was conveyed, (Concluded on page 377) 32 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

o6eiipk J>mltk \17lTH THE PASSING OF ONE HUNDRED YEARS WE HOLD HIS *"MARTYRDOM, AND THAT OF HIS BROTHER, HYRUM, IN

SOLEMN REMEMBRANCE. TlME HAS NOT ALTERED IN ANY

PARTICULAR THE SIGNIFICANCE OF THE EVENT OR THE PRINCIPLES INVOLVED.

One27thhundredday of June,years 1844,ago thisJosephmonth,Smith,on thethe Dm [-redident Jeber /?. (urant

Prophet, through whom the Lord God chose to restore the authority and fulness of the gospel of Jesus Christ in this dispensation, sealed his published in his book entitled Figures of the Past, testimony with his blood, martyred at the hands refers to this proposition made by Joseph Smith, of an armed mob at Carthage, Illinois. His comand says that it was made again, eleven years

panion in death, as in life, was his faithful and later, by Ralph Waldo Emerson, the great statesbeloved brother, Hyrum. man who was considered ahead of his times in

This event we hold now in solemn rememadvocating the sale of the public lands for the brance, and, while the passing of a hundred years purchase of the slaves.

credit to are give says that In he if we his book of those were the sorrows who have erased may statesbeing great as a Emerson Ralph Waldo it in parto altered any bereaved, has not personally ticular the significance of the event, or the princiman for making a statement of this kind when ples involved: Joseph Smith died a martyr to truth. war clouds were discernible in the heavens, "what

as have many others, both before and since the shall we say of the Mormon Prophet, who adbefore, eleven years thing when the same vocated under Savior the work which, of the world—but beneficent?"tranquil and looked heavens earth, the on the appointment, he reestablished divine

has gone forward, as he and others before him Josiah Quincy's own words give this testimony:

prophesied it would; Smith recognized the curse and iniquity of slavery,

though he opposed the methods of the abolitionists.

slaves for the from to for the nation plan pay His was "I said: have hundreds of men who met have said, lands. he "Congress,"the public sale of the *f that teach people everything accept you could petitions this course, to compelled take "should be by

were it not for this man Joseph Smith. If you from all parts of the country, but the petitioners must

would only eliminate him!"disclaim all alliance with those who would disturb the

the Constitution rights recognized and property of by will that. never can do when come we day The

to while insurrections."remark worth be foment It may did converse see Either and Smith did Joseph God years advocated, eleven publicly that plan Smith's was to introduce Christ him, did Jesus with and God practical later, shrewdso has mixed much one by who

tell that he Smith Christ did him, Joseph and Jesus lofty In his men's philosophy. 1855, ness with when

would be the instrument in the hands of God of minds had been moved to their depths on the question establishing again upon the earth the true gosof slavery, Mr. Ralph Waldo Emerson declared that

it interest of the "with the should in accordance be met socalled, of pel Mormonism, Jesus Christ—or It of the North. the settled conscience with and South is not a myth! myth. is a Mormonism And

this is fight for task, great really country a not a great It is the salvation. It is the of unto power God planter, as the that to property of to accomplish, buy dihis Christ, established under of Jesus Church slaves."the Indian nation British the bought He West

rection, disbelief of cannot all the the world and will States further brought be that the "United says change the fundamental facts connected with the give every inch of their public lands for a purpose liketo

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. this."We, who can look back upon the terrible cost of

Every Latterday Saint believes that God apthe fratricidal war which put an end to slavery, now difficulty solution the have of such would a say that LatterSmith, and every to the peared boy Joseph if retired the Christian statesman. But a worthy been did introduce himself believes Saint day that God his time of in advocated scholar he advance when was

Jesus Christ to the boy Joseph Smith as "My bethis disposition of the public property in 1855, what loved Son."I know that much of the world disshall I say of the political and religious leader who

believes this, but every true, faithful Latterday had committed himself, in print, as well as in conversaSaint, sooner or later, gets an individual testimony tion, to the same course in 1844?

divinity regarding the from God of this work-: He was a prophet it it purports is in to be, I will tell you what I will say that what very deed

this spared nation have been would namely, the millions the plan of life and salvation—the gospel oftheGod.bloodshedAnd expended of and money the Redeemer. of

in the war, and year after year in pensions; and

the widows and orphans, made by the war, would

Joseph Smith advocated the sale of the public not have been deprived of their husbands and falands by the government for the purchase of thers, had this nation listened to the inspired words the slaves. Josiah Quincy, in an interview some of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

forty and odd days, as I remember it, before the Josiah Quincy gives credit to Joseph Smith for martyrdom of the Prophet (this interview was (Concluded on page 415)

Jke (L*ditor 5 fia,aeT 363JUNE, 1944 THE

gospel with its many principles in conflict with the traditions and practices of his time, and so he was despised and his teachings rejected by the generation in which he lived; but today millions of

men honor him with their lips and garnish his tomb, and say, "If we had lived in the days of Jesus of Nazareth we would have believed him and would not have stoned him and crucified him, but would have been his servants."Yet

some of these selfsame men have reviled and persecuted and killed the prophets who were sent unto them in this day and generation.

Tn the spring of 1820, there occurred in 'a grove, adjoining a small village in western New York, an event of the greatest significance—one of the most

vital importance to the whole human family. It was the opening of the heavens and the coming of the Father and

the Son to reveal to a boy, who sought to know the truth, what course he should take to gain salvation. This great revelation should have been considered a

great boon to a benighted world groping in spiritual darkness. A world that had

departed from the simple faith and teachings introduced by the Son of God nearly two thousand years before. The

proclamation of this youth should have been accepted by the entire world with joy, but instead it brought hatred and persecution. Later there came to this

same boy and others who were associated with him other heavenly messengers who conferred upon them the au-—Courtesy, Church Historian's Office thority and gave them commandments

June 27, 1944, it will be one THE DAGUERREOTYPEJOSEPH SMITHOF HYRUM AND toChristorganizewith allanewits powerthe churchand authorityof Jesus hundred years since the great with which it formerly had been vested.On true ran mortal of men Illinois, the world But Carthage, at tragedy the prophof blood the in them with takers to willing were few a his form. Only to and Smith Joseph the Prophetwhen ets. this mesaccept and themselves humble were Hyrum, Patriarch thebrother, yourunto witnesses be ye Wherefore, inmanifested majority great sage. laid The down noble men Thesemartyred. of children them the are that selves, ye

their lives, as many of the prophets had which killed the prophets. difference, and among them there were

done before them, for advocating the Fill ye up then the measure of your famany who partook of the spirit of exdivine truths revealed from heaven. It thers. treme hate and these scoffed at, ridivipers, of generation how serpents, this ye youth humble persecuted culed, Ye beginning. and the from so beenhas always

hell? of the damnation escape ye can his teachings. He all accepted with and who met have of the Lord servantsThe

I unto you send behold, its Wherefore, as the into world sent been frequently had hatred, andopposition, scribes: and and men, wise and prophets, of the since days benefactor greatest men. Our of wicked at hands thedeath, crucify; kill and shall and ye of them some to Christ. he came message The Jesus Notwithexception. no wasLord in your scourge shall ye of them some living every concerns vitally deliver manihis made works mightystanding city to from them persecute and synagogues,

fest among the Jews in behalf of suffercity. (Matt. 23:2934.) soul. It behooves every person who

ing humanity, they sought his life. They hears it to ponder and weigh it carewere witnesses of his many miracles How true this has been in all ages I fully. If the words of Joseph Smith are

and mercies extended to the maimed Men have honored the dead prophets truth they cannot be rejected without and suffering, but this only increased but have rejected the living ones. The dire consequences following, for under

their hatred. On one occasion he said Jews in the days of our Lord's ministry such circumstances they are the words

to those hypocritical Pharisees, scribes, boasted of their descent from Abraham, of Jesus Christ. The promise had been

and lawyers: and claimed to honor Moses, but when made that all who would seek diligently,

one who was greater came they rejected with contrite spirits, humbly desiring to

Pharisees, scribes and is true, you, would, by if unto this message finally Woe caused know and him, persecuted him, of the build tombs ye becausehypocrites! that knowlobtain of God, the power he his Because blood. of shedding of the sepulchres the garnish prophets, andthe accepted thousands who edge. of the Many to Son be himself proclaimed righteous,the this has promise that testify message the to brought him. hated He they God of the in days If been had say, we And majority great the fulfilled, but been fulness of the the earth and restored parbeen have not fathers, wouldour we

364 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "... (31 conlo ftwg in xwg

Ireart ifjat all my, brethren mere like nnto my, beloneh broiler Ifyrnm, mljo posMARTYRS sesses tire mtloness of a Iamb, ana tlje titbgrilij of 5u sro5eph *jrieldina Smltk 3foo, ano in slrort, tire meekOF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE ness ano Irnmiliiu of Const;

ano,31 looe fyim mitlj ioat turned a deaf ear, and closed their eyes the heavens to them were not sealed. looe ttjat is stronger titan

and refused to hear or see. Others, and All their days were spent in seeking to

they were many, openly condemned it. bless and save mankind, just as were oea% for <3I neoer Ijao ocCalumny, falsehood and defamatory the days of their Lord before them in his

slander were set to work to blind the ministry. Many of the righteous were casion to retwke trim, nor he

them, innocent gathered of the about and all might have minds who who knew ntitl].

for their integrity hate believed. loved them the them This spirit of and me was—JJoseplj

means of driving this young man and his devotion to revealed truth.

followers from city to city, from state But the day came when their earthly to state, and finally to his death with his mission was ended, and it became necesbeloved and faithful brother. sary for them to seal their testimony For they killed the prophets, and them that

shed they have and unto them; sent their blood. with writer of the were The older years Smith was six Hyrum

the crieth from blood, which innocent epistle to the said: Hebrews than his brother Joseph. These men two

them. against ground divine entrusted appointment were by

is, there For a testament where also must for things, these at not marvel Therefore, the at with to stand keys and powers of necessity the death testator. of the be bear yet not my pure; can yet are ye not ye the of the great of the dispensation head is a after of testament force For are men faithit are if ye shall behold glory; ye but

times. fulness of divine appointment it is dead: all By otherwise of strength at no I given that have all ful words in keeping my

they were special witnesses for Jesus while the testator liveth. (Heb. 9:16, 17.) you, from the days of Adam to Abraham,

Christ in these latterdays during and all the persecutions, drivings, even The Lord confirmed this truth in a andto Jesusfrom andAbrahamhis apostles,to Moses,and fromfrom MosesJesus and to the death, they stood faith fuly torevelation to President Brigham Young, and his apostles to Joseph Smith, whom 1 said: wherein he angels, mine did call my ministering by gether. given been had the keys They

out of the voice own and by mine for the of salvation family as human Spirit For my forth bring to is sent forth into the world servants,heavens, my work;

Which foundation he did lay, and was faithful; and I took him to myself.

Many have marveled because of his death; but it was needful that he should

seal his testimony with his blood, that he might be honored and the wicked might be condemned. (D. & C. 136:3339.)

It was necessary for Hyrum Smith, as well as Joseph Smith, to lay down his life as a witness, for, as previously stated, the Lord had honored him with the responsibility of holding the keys of authority in this dispensation jointly with his younger brother. "It is also

written in your law,"said Jesus to the

Jews, "that the testimony of two men is true,"and this law was binding upon

Joseph and Hyrum Smith. The shedding

of their blood also bound that testimony upon an unbelieving world and this testimony will stand at the judgment seat as a witness against all men who have rejected their words of eternal life.

Iuch has been written about the *-VA Prophet Joseph Smith and his great

THESE MASKS OF PROPHET THE AFTER BODIES THE OF MARTYRS (LEFT),WERE ANDRETURNEDTHE PATRIARCHFROM CARTHAGE.(RIGHT), THEWEREMASKSMADE HAVEIN NAUVOOBEEN mission, but little has been said about THE

STUDIED BY SCULPTORS AND PAINTERS BEFORE PRODUCING MONUMENTS AND PAINTINGS OF JOSEPH his faithful brother, Hyrum. It is proper

AND HYRUM SMITH. to speak here of this second martyr, his

integrity, faithfulness, and devotion to those powers concerned all living in to enlighten the humble and contrite, and to the revealed word of the Lord and to the of the ungodly. condemnation this this dispensation. of Because power his brother. younger was among Hyrum

rejected brethren and have your you Thy authority to for used which be and was first the to accept his the mission of that the testimony, nation driven even has all repent of the redemption would who brother, during the of and the days out; you sin, hated. from they were had They translation of the of Book Mormon, their of the calamicometh day And now lives; testified that that Christ Jesus he assisted his he brother, encouraged and ty, of like the even sorrow, days a woman

is in the of the very deed Redeemer is Joseph, the as of honored and travail; one was that in their taken sorrow and

world. They spoke from knowledge for shall be great unless they speedily repent, eight witnesses who beheld the plates

they were witnesses of this truth, for yea, very speedily. {Continued on page 414)

JUNE, 1944 365 abounded, she brought these with her in

MARK E. PETERSEN full measure. Adding her lovely personality and humility, Emma Marr Petersen has immeasurably contributed to the

1IFE affords few opportunities better sweetness which prevails in the home to know a man intimately than to of this new apostle, and she has been "'work by his side year after year. a source of inspiration and support to

Such circumstances provide for an acher husband in all his achievements.

curate appraisal of character as men They have two delightful daughters, share ideals, exchange loyalties, and Marian, seventeen, and Peggy, twelve.

radiate innermost thoughts across desks or about work tables. Men so closely Elder Petersen went on a mission in

associated find no use for sham or pre1920 from the First Ward of Libertense, for one's true character is soon ty Stake. This mission was to Canada

known and he is appreciated for what and during the two years there he he actually is. had many unusual experiences which

So it is with those of us who have strengthened his faith and gave early inbeen privileged for many years to assodication that his was a choice spirit enciate with Elder Mark E. Petersen, retitled to the promptings and inspiration

cently chosen and ordained a member of the Spirit of God.

of the council of the twelve. He has When he returned home he went to

been "chief"to scores of us for a long work in the editorial department of The time now and we have been deeply apDeseret News as a reporter. His ability

preciative of this association. as a writer and newspaperman sent him

We have been increasingly aware, to the top of his profession. He became

these many years, of his worthiness, of successively a copyreader, news editor,

E. Petersen Mark

faith, of simple great,his though his By HENRY A. SMITH citybecameeditor,generalmanagingmanagereditorofand,the inofficial1941, loyalty and we andsincere devotion

know, through participation, of his capEditor, Church News Section, church newspaper. His successes in the

able, industrious, and wise leadership. Deseret News newspaper field were never made at the

And now we rejoice to the fullest in sacrifice of any of the ideals he held these new honors that have come to him dear from his early youth. He humbly

and in the fact that these qualities we acknowledges the hand of the Lord in that successes of any achievement the recognized by been seen long havehave to access their son Christ. gave They

his. have been the church leadership of inspiredthe testitheir valued most possession—a is thinker clear and a Petersen Elder greatthisin honor and giving him new is is faith that his a Theirs mony. and already has many writer. made able He service. forer opportunity divinithe in of acceptance unwavering the in literature to church contributions risen has mission Petersen divine the the Edward Savior ty of and Mark radio editorials, features, and of form life in merit to station Smith. a humblefrom the Prophet of Joseph will calling add addresses. His new is to live him older, recognition. parents,such know grown To These now talent this for opportunities more many is chivalinteg- a their with acquainted for to manbe reap who reward a today the church of in the to be used work is of considerate kind with rejoicerous, and faithfulness to rity and and who is gospel. the of preaching the and He this combines in theothers, this yet his ones other and loved who son and

for a numable speaker also and a very personality. radiant a his withhumility signal has bestowed church honor

in great of ber demand years been has intelligent, is this there an to him.Added upon Salt of stakes the wards and among heart the to goes forcedriving which formative early, Petersen's Elder revicinity. the City and Lake Now solution. Despite for wise aof a problem traits of unusual revealed years many will the opporof have church mainder

is experiencedhis youthfulness an he attention attracted the character which sininspiration the tunity enjoy to and trust inspires and ofleader men who the his and companions of boyhood cerity his addresses. of

is conthe has approachable.who He in the leaders teachers Twentyand

his associates has been offidence and Stake, a sixth he Pioneer where of fortythree years, Elder Ward one of "PoR to inspiration comfort ofsource and *- lived man. until he a young They was promhas Petersen had an unusually

them on many occasions. learned to respect him for his integrity, inent church career. He has served as

The new apostle's career touches his sincerity, and the marked qualities a member of the high council of the upon many fronts. To get a better picof leadership. As did others of his famLiberty and Highland stakes and as a

ture of him and his accomplishments he liy, Elder Petersen went to work early counselor in the presidency of both the must be seen in his home, at his work, to help win some of the blessings of life. Liberty and the Sugar House stakes. At

in the performance of his church duties, He carried newspapers and worked aftthe same time he has been a member and in his civic associations. er school and during vacations assisting of the board of directors of the Genea-

. He was born in a humble home in his father, who was a building conlogical Society of Utah since 1934, and

Salt Lake City, just across the street tractor. His education was secured in prior to that time was a member of the

from the present location of Church the grade and high schools of Salt Lake convention force of the society.

Welfare Square, now a city landmark. City and at the University of Utah. He is an enthusiastic temple worker

His early home life was simple and unThen there is the home life which he and has devoted much time and effort pretentious, and he was helped along and Emma Marr McDonald began to to this work as well as to genealogical life's pathway by the loving hands of make for themselves when they were research. He is an expert in the field

humble parents. They were Danish conmarried in the Salt Lake Temple, Au of research and an entertaining and inverts who migrated to the land of Zion Sust 30, 1923. Coming, herself, from a spiring speaker on this subject.

for the sake of the gospel of Jesus ome where faith, devotion, and loyalty As a business and church leader Elder 366 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Petersen has found and availed himself The appointment of Elder Petersen of many civic opportunities. He holds to the council of the twelve follows the

membership in a number of organizanaming to that position of three other tions and has addressed many other young men in recent years. Thus the

clubs and civic bodies throughout the junior four members of this council are intermountain country. His civic activistill in their forties. Elder Petersen,

ties have won him many close friends who will be fortyfour on November 7, who are not members of the church and 1944, is the youngest member of the among the many hundreds of messages Twelve.

of congratulations and good will received by him on his new appointment, Elder Petersen brings to his new poswere scores of them from these nonition the qualities of leadership and abilmember friends and associates. They ity needed by one who stands in the

universally expressed their pleasure at high councils of the church. To these

the new honors that were his and exhe adds a likeable personality, a friendtended their good will and prayers for ship, sincerity, faith, and a loyalty that his success and happiness. is unsurpassed. He launches upon this

new career with the love and blessings

At the present time Elder Petersen is of Latterday Saints everywhere and vice president of the Salt Lake Kiwanis with the support and prayers of all who directors of Club, board is on the and to this Jemple J>anare (JSroadcast know know him personally—for Bonneville Knife of the Club, Fork and intimately, as of us many new apostle

Salt the Visiting Lake Nurse Assodo, is a source of personal joy and inRECEIVES ciation, the Utah Manufacturers and spiration.

Association. He is also a member of

the Salt Lake Chamber of Commerce God bless our "chief"in his new as1943 and other civic and business groups. signment.

Ljeorae roster j-eaboau

Lomieli or the Jwelve HPhe traditional broadcast from TemSISTER PETERSEN AND DAUGHTERS, * pie Square, which completes its—Photograph courtesy Salt Lake "Tribune'MARIAN (standing) AND PEGGY (seated with violin) fifteenth consecutive year of nationwide

performance in July, was accorded the distinction of receiving the much sought

George Foster Peabody Award tor 1943. In its news release concerning

this recognition, the Columbia Broadcasting System had this to say:

CBS was informed of its winners in a joint announcement by Edward Weeks, editor of the Atlantic Monthly, who is chairman of the Peabody board, and John E. Drewry,

dean of the Henry W. Grady School of

Journalism, University of Georgia at Athens.

The Peabody Awards are administered jointly by Dean Grady and the National Association of Broadcasters. Selection is made

by sifting hundreds of entries made by stations throughout the country. Announcement of presentation of the 1943 awards is

to be made later.

'The KSLSalt Lake City "Music and the

Spoken Word"features the Salt Lake

Tabernacle Organ and Choir. This famous

musical aggregation had its 772nd nationwide performance on April 30, 1944. It has

been a CBS Sunday feature since September 1932, and is believed to be the oldest continuously presented nationwide network program in American radio history. It

originates in the Salt Lake Tabernacle on

Temple Square, and presents the worldfamous organ and a 300voice choir made up of doctors, lawyers, high school students, mechanics,others—fromgrandmothers,all walks of businesslife. men and

Choir singing is directed by J. Spencer

Cornwall; Richard L. Evans is radio producer, commentator and author of "The

Spoken Word"on the program. Alexander

Schreiner and Dr. Frank W. Asper are

Tabernacle organists; Wade N. Stephens is

assistant organist, Richard P. Condie is assistant choirmaster, Lester F. Hewlett is

choir president, and Stanley Rees is, radio operator.

JUNE, 1944 367 s

The RightThe Hard Way Way 40*. arum \J, tdkton

OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

run too smoothly, neither does road building. It started to rain—all one day

the third the and and—then

fourth days. next—yes,Everything was mud now

and more mud. It was a time contract,

and the road must go through. But the

more youth and energy displayed itself to get out of the hole, the deeper everything mired. Bill became serious. One

caterpillar (let's call it a cat) found itself up to its belly in mud. Bill sent

WoujfoejOvermrAeaT-- the second cat in to rescue it. The latter found itself up to its hips and help- T less. Bill had one cat left, and, lo and

in its effort behold, to help out its comit half panion cats, too floundered and T////A/iD WAY tipped over. Now Bill was in real

trouble. He knew it, and so did his men.

But what made matters worse than ever, ishop: Are you doing it the Hard that's swell. We'll give her fits, won't at this particular moment, along came

Way or the Right Way? Bishop, we?"The contractor, "Bill, I've been the big boss—the contractor of the

road. twentymile he to give would step aside What and thinking, you like me how would you occasionallyB do he say? would these men, think? What two yourself and and you What you the equipment go by? Willwatch

sketches help you get away from yourbuild that fivemile stretch in the valwould he do? But the boss was a genself to really see yourself? If you are ley?"Bill, "Unc, do you think I can?"eral. The boss was using his head. Just

doing it the hard way, in the first place Uncle, "Bill, I think you can."Bill, what did he do? With his hands in his

it will kill you off quickly; and in the sec- "We're on. I'll give her all I've got."pockets, whistling, under full control,

ond place you are depriving your peoThe twentymile road was started, he sized up the situation in a jiffy.

ple of the blessings of team work. and Bill with his men, caterpillars, "Well, boys, you're in a little trouble.

"Work for everybody and everybody drags, bulldozers, etc., was making the I've some myself. Well, good luck."

working"is one of the very best slogans rocks fly on the fivemile road. All the He walked away leaving that fine Bill

adopted by a ward or stake. There will ambition and initiative of youth was in with his men to get out of the mud

be occasions when you feel that a cerhigh gear. Things were going great, the themselves. They did. It was their retain responsibility, because of your posicontractor was happy; so was Bill. Yes, sponsibility. They got into a huddle, uption and because of your experience, and Bill's men were happy, too. They held the hands of their kid boss, and

had better be done by yourself. That is liked the kid. But life doesn't always ( Concluded on page 411)

as it should be; that's why you were

chosen bishop, but don't forget you are made bigger and more valuable as you % "delegate authority. Men and women WORK FOR EVERYBODY sssL EVERYBODY WORKING

grow by making mistakes. Get the key

people of your ward accustomed to making decisions—that's what makes

them valuable. Let them know you depend upon them—they'll be there with

the goods. It's the same with a ward

as it is with a family—a wise father and

mother have their children make their own decisions. They stand on their own

feet; they "paddle their own canoe."In

such an attitude the parents are developing real men and women.

Sometime ago a road builder took a contract to build a road somewhere in

Idaho. This contractor had working

with him a young nephew—the latter

was aggressive, dependable, and full of spunk and, thought his uncle, "I'm going to try him out. I'll see what's really

in him. I'm going to put him on his

own."The next day the following conversation took place: The uncle said, 3fe

"Bill, build to a contract I've just taken R/GHTf——Illustrated by Nelson Whitethat twentymile road.""Unc, The boy,

368 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JOSEPH SMITH

By JOSEPH F. SMITH

fSatriarck to the Church

From an address ever, to prove "scientifically"that Jodelivered before seph Smith was a prophet, can be done.

Let us turn to the Doctrine and Covethe Logan nants.

L.D.S. Institute To be really "scientific,"we should

Sunday, February turn to an edition of the Pearl of Great 6, 1944 Price that was published in 1851. There

is indisputable evidence that what is now recorded as the 87th section of the

Doctrine and Covenants was in print at least nine years prior to the outbreak of the Civil War. If Joseph Smith had never written or said anything other than

that which is recorded in the 87th secJOSEPH SMITH tion of the Doctrine and Covenants, events from 1832 to the present time coupled with this pronouncement, would prove him a prophet beyond all logical contradiction. If a prophet is one who

thinking about our present debt to was as a civic designer, whatever he accurately foretells that which will come coupled 87th section the then to pass, he was whatever I as an organizer, been Smith, have imwasInJoseph its first to subsequent events the was with and he planner, economic pressed, not for a long been as an as I have events including publication, things, he all these history'stime, importance. was—and

is are living, moment we is—prithere that I daresay to marily a prophet. accustomed become Wewithhave proof—proofofcontradicthe very all logical positive beyond have occasion upon few are the Egyptians veryspeaking and the who of

Babylonians and the Greeks, and even not doubted that. It's a doubt that tion, that Joseph Smith was a prophet.

is short. I read section very As The loudly very express don't people ancients. study as the youngthe Romans, We in it, has happened what bear in mind Latterif good from I they come mishistory."because"ancient have think we present the to history 1860 from world tactiit is a exactly not homes point that history "ancient."called day Saint The

of view seems wrong. I think the Babycal thing to dash in and say, "Father, I moment. This revelation was given, as

fact, in 1832, on Christmas matter of a a was Smith Joseph not thelonians the Egyptians do not believe were and the Civil years before day, a good many enterto a disgrace It is not prophet."youngsters.ancients. were the They

We are today really the ancients betain such a doubt. Honest doubt was War broke out.

cause we are the accumulation of the never shameful. As a matter of fact,

concerning saith the thus Lord Verily, himSmith that Joseph the of verypast. are are work because what we We pass, to shortly will that the come wars initial from its impetus if self received I did before. think has gonewhat And Carolina, rebellion of the South at beginning about him looked as he his doubt in history that study with own wouldwe in death the terminate will eventually which

time. of the turmoil religious He at the takemind, imand on a it would new souls: of misery and many

portant significance for us. A real study seriously and honestly doubted that And the time will come that war will be

of history, which is not a mere memorigenuine religion was to be found amidst poured out upon all nations, beginning at zation of chronology, would be a great such secular strife. this place.

shall, States the Southern behold, For is salutary a doubt in pitfalls Honestaid helping to us to avoid and

States,, the against Northern divided thing. is doubt a good Dynamicsolve of problems. our Athing.lazy be many on* call will States the Southern and anything thing, lazy as a is a bad doubt million are Nearly a people where of Great nation the nations, even other

is bad. shall also isthey are it because Smith called, they today Britain, Joseph and as

performed the work he did. I am percall upon other nations, in order to defend;

fectly aware, of course, that their being 11 7as Joseph Smith a prophet? There themselves against other nations; and then

all nations. shall out poured upon be folk stupid learnedly "are antecedents;here has a but good some who war many

days,, after it to pass shall many come And believe willin they history, arrogantly terms the proclaim of contemporary masters,, their against rise shall slaves up first "scientifically"is that cannot Smith. be nothing one Henry Joseph John foedisciplined marshaled shall and be who

scientist great his in hear a book, neverEvans, proved. Smith, an You Joseph war.

American Prophet, suggests that it is make so fatuous a declaration because time the Latterday Saints rediscover the great scientist knows that there are At the present moment, what counJoseph Smith. We know his name: we some things, there are many things, try, however small, is unchanged, unhave heard a good deal about his work; which will not submit to purely "scientitouched by the present conflict? It is

but I am confident that we do not know fic"analysis. The "scientific"method true that there are a few countries,

enough about him.We have lost him to a will prove certain types of phenomena, which, technically, according to intercertain extent in a morass of words; I but there are many things that cannot be national law, are not at war, but everyshould like to call attention to the fact proved "scientifically."one of them has had its economy disthat whatever Joseph Smith was in the You can't prove that Isaac Newton rupted, every one is suffering as a result

way of a social leader, whatever he ever saw an apple fall off a tree. How- {Continued on page 409)

JUNE, 1944 369 D. GILESJOHN

Monoma

'T'hirtyyear veteran award con- a ferred by the national counCIL of the Boy Scouts of America.

sign M.I.A. Stake).

that recordsTheScoutingThirtyyearhas beenVeteranconferredAward onof show

John D. Giles, director of the Buthis district was the

reau of Information at Hill Cumorah, first in the church

Palmyra, New York. The award was to have a registered

made at a meeting of the Scouters of Scout troop in every

Ganargua District, Finger Lakes Counward in the stake.

cil, at Palmyra, Wayne County, New He was advanced

York, Tuesday, April 25, 1944, by John from district com-

W. Tripplett, of the Division of Permissioner to district

sonnel, of the National Council, Boy chairman, and, later

Scouts of America. in 1928, became

In a letter to Brother Giles, Dr. Elchairman of the Edbert K. Fretwell, chief Scout executive, ucational Publicity

writing for the Boy Scouts of America, committee of the Salt had this to say: Lake Council, and a

year later was apMr. John D. Giles pointed chairman of

R.D. 2, Hill Cumorah the Troop OrganiPalmyra, New York zation committee.

Dear Mr. Giles: He served in this

fifcapacity nearly three After decades of scouting in Ameriis years, which ca, that there are we find a number of men teen who began their service to boyhood, through the longest period scouting, in the first few years of its orof service as comganization. mittee chairman since the organization JOHN D. GILES

For thirty years, now, you have invested of the Salt Lake Council. He served on

time,your thought, your your energy and Leadership Training the expected from unusual record Advancement and skill for theyour benefit I of others. think cited committees, above, general as to chairman, and Palmyra, he went when will that agreeyou truly worth- a later as and for other duties, attendance of purposes chairman he andwhile investment. year Withit has eachbeen have you annual meetings, interested as nevertheless also in himself served and boysgained experience, a new vision broader

and a better understanding of the charchairman of the committee on Disthere, as he always has, wherever he acter of scouting, and the opportunities for tributors of Scout Equipment and other has been, and, in 1943, organized Troop scouting to contribute to the development temporary committees. No. 61 at Palmyra, first L.D.S. troop in

of the American way of life. In 1935 he was awarded the Silver the Cumorah area, and is now its

Scouts of The Boy America the during for Beaver "outstanding service to boyscoutmaster.

past thirtythree years have fortunate been hood."In writing, request, of the at ourin securing the support of men have who In 1931 Brother District Giles for Ganargua (named most was appointedstayed scouting with the years. over Possibly the greatest single asset of the Boy field representative of the Y.M.M.I.A., prominent stream near Palmyra, BrothScout movement today is the large number and assigned to the supervision of er Giles has these interesting historical

of leaders Scout sidelights Scout, to give: have not Vanguard, enonly who and programs. Men M

thusiasm to energy and to scouting, devote In 1933, he appointed was of chairman Palmyra, York Newbut also have the benefit of who experience the 29, April Vanguard committee 1944 and was of yearsand service in scouting. chairman that I when I program cannot place was a imagine where would this Let take opportunity to me congraturather received in with merged such the have an national than award Explorerlate having upon this you attained splendid

... this historic place. is office council The In program. field 1937 he subecame service, Irecord of this at and time may at historic on Seneca Lake, Geneva where the of Scout, the Explorer,express the and hope years will ahead be by of the early inbaptisms place, took manyfar the best of entire scouting programs. your experiMen pervisorM those cluding of Sr., his Smith, wife, Josephence. his In long years of service to the others, Smith, and 6, Lucy April Mack on sincerely Very yours. cause of field in boyhood, service after the 1830, a few hours orchurch was

Boy Scouts of America scouting for the church was paralleled ganized. Parley P. Pratt, grandfather of

Elbert K. Fretwell (signed) by similar service with the Aaronic Sister Giles and greatgrandfather of my

Chief Scout Executive priesthood and the Aaronic priesthood children, also was baptized here....

correlation and extension plans, which The Improvement Era joins the

John D. Giles, who will be rememhave now been succeeded by the Boy many friends of John D. Giles in exbered by Eta readers for his many Leadership plan. tending to him congratulations, and an

years of service to this magazine, and In 1937 Brother Giles served as inexpressible appreciation for the manfor his service to M.I.A. and to the chairman of the Utah and Idaho Scout ner in which he has touched for good

cause of boys and young men, entered councils which sent six hundred L.D.S. the lives of a host of boys, many of

scouting August 8, 1913, only three boys to the Boy Scout Jamboree in whom have now taken their places in months after the national Scout proWashington, D.C., visiting important the world as able and useful men, betgram was accepted by the Y.M.M.I.A. places in church history en route. ter in countless ways for having come

He served for four years as district As would be expected by all who within the sphere of John D. Giles'incommissioner of Ensign District (Enknow Brother Giles, and as would be fluence.

LETTER TO JOSEPH SMITH

June 27, 1944 Dm William C-. iSerrett y

Beloved Joseph Smith: EDITOR, THE DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATIONINSTRUCTOR, THE L.D.S. MISSIONARY HOME

I do not know why I am writPRINCIPAL, WEST SEMINARYTEACHER, L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGEMy ing this letter, for even as I

write I am aware that you have been dead these hundred years.

Perhaps it is because I know The great thoughts you that that body, felled by the put into imperishable words mob on that fateful June aftflash before my mind with ernoon, was not you at all, vividness at this moment like that you are alive and vibrant a neverending review. Comnow as in those days when ing out of your communions

you stirred the world with with the Lord, the words take revealed ideas and moved on an immortality as they fall people with fearless actions. from your mouth as if the

Certainly the work you so mere passing of your lips nobly began is going forward touched them with truth. "The you declared, When hand were your though as

is intelligence, of God the glory through out reaching light and words, or in other it, as I and to guideyears in put forever truth,"you souls million the contemplate seek all those who debt your patterned lives on arewhose age. enlightened in an God to unfolded the ideas God only not have But you it only that I amyou, seems

viewing you in your maturity brought light upon the nature caused me have of God, you a mighty witnessingand is his offthat realize man have to strength which I might missed had I walked in your spring, and thus created the sight in those formative only possible postulate upon years. which can ever be built a lastmen. ing among brotherhood

that I had And yet—would and of skeptics In an age

I that you. Wouldknown found have doubters you

might have felt the kindness purpose and design in creathe glance, of sympathy your philosophy entire tion. An the tendervoice, and of your that grand built upon might be

I might hands. of ness your transin your sentence found

for almost become have a lation the of of MorBook felt to time your have enemy that they are mon, "Men forof fervor your the deep idea joy."That might have

giveness. To have received bespeaks the death knell of

as that a letter such you passis the sent the ascetic—it after Phelps,to William W. recreato wholesome word

you, hadhe would wronged living. tion joyous You and

I indeed. been sweethave proin the pride take would

it THIS PORTRAIT lines OF PROPHET JOSEPH THE SMITH FROM to A TAKENquote from now happiness which for gram IN REPRODUCTION OF PHOTOGRAPHIC PRESIISOFFICE THAT THE HANGS I treasure and youshow how ORIGINAL, SMITH. GEORGE ALBERT DENT PHOTOTHE WHICH THE in FROM forth called that idea has

IS all after OIL GRAPH MADE, AN PAINTING PROPHET'S these DURING WAS THE themremember MADE into brought the church you J. E. LIFETIME, DAVISON. BYyears being.

You may in some measure realize what the war is past—for friends at first, are You dignified both God and man

my feeling, as well as Elder Rigdon's and friends again at last. when you brought to light God's prowere, read your Hyrum's when we "This nouncement, work and my is my spirit forof the compassion and into hearts melted,, our wereBrotherletter—truly to ortahty to,Pass f,he in letter that asgivenesstenderness from compassion and wipes when we my b,nlife.n? eternal of and man resolves. longascertained your Inasmuch all lies evil the things memory and Christian of turmoil ageold Thesuffering, patience, ever have and mercy told which of you. have men me

of wealth the place seems of dealingscharacterized the over our Heavenall too well, must know, You how thought penitent, thely Father and humble I toward glorious childish these read when the and thousands have by men women I feel cherish the disposed example, to copy lines: until their copies of about you principles, the doing be a written same so and by

savior of my fellow men. works crowd the shelves of the church Think of your brethren like unto yourIt is true that we have suffered much in library. But none of those who sought selves, and be familiar with all and free

rich that substance, be your they may of ofconsequence your cup to tear attracted has you more with down behavior—the

like unto you. full gall, for to mortals already enough passing notice than their books and

for riches, for before seek seek ye But ye filled todrink, overflowing was indeed when since long forgotten. have been the of kingdom God. us. against turned withyou we whom One

that a after obtained hope have ye And together, often council sweet and takenhad is significant that of all Americans Tt if shall in riches Christ obtain seek ye ye the refreshing seasonsenjoyed from many A I lived years a hundred ago who intent the will for them; seek them ye it could been an enemy, weLord—"had best most. and honor you know you to to the clothe naked, and do it."bornehave andgood—to

Strange never that you to liberate the the captive, who feed knew hungry, and me real, to Believing confession and be your relief all to at to the sick life. administer and the and should so affected have my I shall genuine, repentanceyour be happy

afflicted. principles taught a The been have you right give of to againonce hand you the

fellowship, and rejoice over the returning guide to me since I have been old That statement alone will be an eterprodigal.... Come on, dear brother, since enough to read. (Concluded on page 412)

JUNE, 1944 371 BLESSING OF EARTH

5m some of the cream and smeared it on. She another. Now tried another—then y <=JLl5oetk J>mitk the knives. The motion was relaxing.

She went on to the spoons and salad or goodness'sake!"Trude kitchen table, and rested her head on forks. By the time the whole set lay cried desperately,T "Can't you put down her hands. "Look—"she began. But covered with white on the table, she had

that duster and forget your housework how could she explain her anguish about developed a technique for reaching for a second? You're about as comher fiance to a comfortably married every crevice.

forting to talk to as a carpet sweeper!"woman like Jen? There were only a Well, her bridges were burned! She

No wonder she was angry! Dashing couple of years difference in their ages couldn't leave the things "gooed"up

through the back yard, as soon as she'd but, especially lately, there seemed to like that! Twirling the faucet, she filled

looked into the empty mailbox, to Jen's be a generation's space in their feelings. both sides of the double sink, and

without even changing her rumpled Jen's husband was safe as an instructor, doused them in the first tub, then rinsed gingham housedress or recombing her her two growing girls and baby son them off in the second. There was a pile

long,sympathize—andplumblack bob.then Expecting Jen to werehouseworksafe atkepthome,her everlastinglyand her eternalocofShecleanshookdishtowelsone out onand,the attackingpantry shelf.the

Jen bent her soft russet bob closer to cupied. In spite of war, she actually silver one at a time, polished each until

the Windsor chair she was dusting. "I seemed unruffled and contented. it glinted.

can listen while I do this,"she said You felt as if you'd really done somequietly. thing when you saw how grand they

"Well, I can't talk while you're fuss- J,J EN was busy, of course, allooked! Only plate, but, they seemed

ing about! Honestly, Jen, what's come though the dishes had long ago been like brand new, embossed sterling silover you lately?"washed and the linoleum scrubbed until ver! What else could she tackle? She

For an instant the woman's gray eyes it gleamed. From the drawer underopened the cupboard beneath the silver

grew wary, then she shrugged, "Will it neath the dish closet she was taking out drawer. Pots and pans hung in perfect

help your troubles any to have my house knives and forks. She wrapped them order, clean, but not shining as they

untidy?"into a spotless towel and, moving used to in the days when Jen had plenty

Trude's young, oval face tightened Trude's elbows from the table, spread of Brillo. Would the silver polish work

with misery. "Haven't you any feelthe silverware on its enamelled top. on them? (Continued on page 402)

ings? And your own husband in the "There!"She put a jar of army, too—polish and a soft rag in front

Jen rose, smoothed her neat white of her friend. "If you're gohousedress, and folded the dustrag preing to be here awhile, you

cisely. "You're forgetting,"she said, may as well keep busy.

"that I don't have to worry about Hal. How's for polishing these?

On account of the three children, and Then you can rinse them off his experience in aeronautical engineerand shine them, while I get ing, they'll probably keep him instructat the woodwork in the girls'ing at the flying school in Texas until room. O.K.?"

the end of the war."Trude was too hurt to pro-

"And you're not going to disturb test. Numbly, she watched

yourself about anyone else!"Trude the other woman arm herself

plucked nervously at her handkerchief. with pail, brush, soap, and

"Oh, I'm sorry!"she rushed on in quick cloths, and go, her face pale

apology. "But I'm so darned upset!- and unmoved, methodically

It's been ten days now, and no word out the swinging door.

friend all right! in need,from Justin! Do you think he's—gone TrudeA thought ironically.abroad?"

Jen straightened the magazines as if Well, she couldn't feel any she didn't hear. "Come on in while I more unhappy at home. She

got to go, up but the thoughtfinish the kitchen,"she said. up "You

of her house, own empty, exbitecan have a of breakfast. You probcept for a maid, new stoppedably to forgot eat!"

'Breakfast!"Trude swung the kitchher. She put her elbows back

en door shut viciously. "I couldn't on the table and accidently

off knocked a fork.swallow a pharmacist's a crumb!—He's "Darn!"Stooping, shemate, Jen! they might He said be needit picked up and idly scoopeding almost him day!"any

Jen looked at the bright green clock over the bright white sink. "You'll be

late for work!"

"I'm not going to work!"After all,

her lawyer brother, Joe, was her bdss, and she lived with him. He knew how

miserable she was. He knew that her

nerves were ready to snap "Isn't it a little unfair to desert Joe's ship right now,"Jen asked, "only two weeks before he goes into the navy SHE THOUGHT OF HIM AGAIN BUT himself? He must need you pretty badIN A STEADIER PERSPECTIVE

ly to help him wind up all his business—Illustrated by

first."John Henry Evans, ]r.

Trude sat down wretchedly at the 372 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BETTER PICTURES

with aJLeS6 *j/itm

By WILLARD LUCE

a reliable exposure meter at the present hands, while a comb and brush will time, but exposure guide charts, doing busy almost any youngster and help him away with guesswork, are available for forget that goofy gadget called a cam- a dime. era. When at a loss what to have a

If yours happens to be a box camera youngster do, just watch him for fifteen with only one shutter speed and only minutes. He'll do enough interesting

one opening you must use the camera things for several good pictures. If

only when the light is about right. Conyou'll make a game out of it, he'll more

sult your photofinisher. If your negathan cooperate. You might ask him to

tives are very dense because of oversee if he can do such and such again.

exposure, take your pictures either You might ask him to pretend he is a earlier in the mornings or later in the big bear in a cage. You might ask him

afternoons. If they are thin because of to pretend he is watching a parade, or

CAGE not enough exposure, take them when any number of other things.

Getting the child to play he's in a cage makes a the light is brighter. One belief that has spoiled a great

taking. out of picture This game gives him a feeling fault Perhaps the most common photographs is that the sun must with many

respond. of importance to which he will selecis amateur photographers is poor the photographer. be behind There

tion of background. I have seen alonly one place worse to have it, and

materials photographic have flat from billboards wash. fully handled, gives to Monday's The features which

use. turned to militaryMostbeen most everything used for a background that's down. Flat lighting, unless careis This trouble with such backgrounds interesting tonal that lack modeling and

does not mean that we must stop they are so cluttered and so obtrusive quality.

taking pictures. Family snapshots are that the central subject is lost. By moving the camera only a foot or

traditional like pumpkin pie and we A plain sky makes an excellent backso to one side you can change this. The

hate to think of any future without a ground for a person. With proper filters only actual worry is that the sun might

family album. A picture, say the and film the sky can be made almost any shine directly into the lens, and this

is Chinese, words. a thousand worth white shade from pure to pure unless facare won't almost happen you black. A

are going to have But we it. less film light is usually preferable. gray ing sky there danger, be But should any

with which to take these pictures. This This sky can be secured with panmove so that the camera is in the shade

is actually something to be desired chromatic film without a filter, or with of a tree or building, or have another rather than regretted. Many photoorthochromatic film using a light yellow person stand so that he throws his shadfinishers feel that nearly half the films filter. A piece of yellow cellophane ow across the lens.

they process are virtually wasted stretched over the lens makes an acceptThese are only a few ways in which either overexposed or underexposed able filter. you can improve your photographs and

or showing little thought and choice. A filter absorbs some of the light, help save film. There are many others.

Oh, the one of Aunt Matilda bears a making it necessary to give a longer Master these first, then you can master reasonable resemblance, all right; only exposure. the others.

she looks as if she were posing for a most people Whenbackstraightener ad. can And you

they a camera is face Uncle Fredhardly find little Joe.

squinting from the sun, and it's so hard seem automatically to to tell just where his bald head ends and "freeze."The photothe sky begins. grapher has the job of

relax. helping them A pictures takes everyEveryone and

is relaxed more in mistakes takingone them. makes Our person

sitting standthan down then,purpose, to should fewer be make is ing up. more He to picturesmistakes, better with have

less film. relaxed leaning against

standing something than groups, for Classes—M.I.A. example

straight. reis more He to actual organized take be—could inlaxed doing somewhenstruction, in to bring and photographs

for criticism. Almost every community thing.

has a camera enthusiast or a commercial A pet introduced into photographer who would help. a photograph not only

helps relax the person either for inhobby A fascinating in the also aids comdividual a but or group would be making collection of outstanding temple photoposition and adds a great graphs. An exhibit could be made of deal of human interest.

these photographs which could be sent An apple will help any from ward to ward. This would not miss forget her awkward

only serve as a stimulus for the instructions but would also have an outAN APPLE A DAY....

standing spiritual effect. Giving persons something to

"Defore we can make a good picture doapplehelpshelpsrelax themthem. forgetEating thean

** be we must able to make by a good camera.—Photographs

It isnegative. impossible to purchase Willard Luce

JUNE, 1944 373:-ri;::;:; r::-;:'''--:":-;;-:::-:::::!.::: x;::::-. wmz

INFLUENCE

unceasingly to quicken the public sense of civic duty.

Thus in all these ways we will transmit this city not only not less, but greater, better, and more beautiful than it was transmitted to us.

II

Alexandria

7V t the mouth of one of the western "** branches of the Nile River was the ancient city of Alexandria. Founded in

LEADING THEIR SHEPHERDS FLOCK INTO the fourth century B.C. by Alexander FIELD SHEPHERD THE

Macedonia, king of a mighty Great, I—Photograph by Underwood & Underwood the the to conquer world. He went out who

The City of Athens was a young man of twenty when he developed the idea of natural laws in the came to the throne and, organizing a 7TNCIENT Athens was the largest of physical world. The Hippocratic oath large army, he was welcomed by the

ZA the Greek cities, and was oris taken by medical students in our day Egyptians as a deliverer from Persian * J- ganized into a municipal governwhen they are graduated in medicine. tyranny. Establishing colonies of the

ment, known as a citystate. It included Hipparchus built an observatory at Greeks in northern Africa, he finally

three hundred and sixty villages with Rhodes and studied the heavenly established his sway over Palestine.

an area about as large as a modern planets. We have already pointed out Great changes were wrought by his

county in America. To the Greek, his in a previous article how the Athenians conquests, and, as a result, the Greeks

city was his country, and he had a developed the most beautiful monuwere turned to trade and manufacturing.

strong love of freedom which made him ments of all time, and produced a literaGreek ships were in the waters of the independent. The Greek peninsula "was ture and philosophy which have lived world, and Alexandria became a large

a complex of mountains, gorges, valdown to our day. In oratory and poetry, port of entry, and one of the wealthy

leys, plains, swiftrunning rivers, bays, the Greeks reached the highest pitch of centers of the world. It was a beautiful

gulfs, and straits,"and the small valexcellence. Under the Romans who had city, laid out in rectangular blocks and

leys supported small populations which made the world Roman at the time of adorned with colonnades and statues. It

were independent communities. The Christ, the great achievements of the had paved streets and a water supply,

Greeks became sailors, and through Greeks became the inheritance of the policing and lighting arrangements, thethem, the citystates came in touch with western world. This is partly due to aters, gymnasiums, and parks. Egyptian

the countries of Palestine, Phoenicia, the fact that the Greek language is the princes founded the great Museum of

Egypt, and those as far east as ancient most beautiful of all languages and the Alexandria. This was the first real uniBabylon. Their contacts brought commost capable of expressing all degrees versity in history, and was unequalled

merce and industry, literature and phiof thought and feeling. Fortunate is the until modern times. The buildings had

losophy, astronomy and architecture, student who has studied Greek in his lecture halls, botanical and zoological and gradually trade and travel spread university courses today. Should any of gardens, an astronomical observatory,

over the entire Mediterranean area. the old Greek sculptors or philosophers and a large library. Copies were made of

The Greek citystates introduced the who lived in Athens come back today, all the books that could be found. In that

idea of private property and the kings some of our buildings would remind him day, the books were scrolls and were governed with a body of counselors, of the Parthenon and he would find us copied on parchment with ink made composed of the wise men of the peocopying many features of Greek Archifrom a fish found in the Aegean Sea. The

writtheir divided scholars the AtAlexandrian and down beauty. Up the tecturalple. of became democracy A form

texts the that so ings into chapters, lantic seaboard, through the Western citystates, in the civic idealprevailing and was one of the chief contributions Reserve, along the Gulf of Mexico, up could be conveniently found on the of Greece to political history. The two the Mississippi, and over the plains, the rolls. Draper in his Intellectual Deprincipal citystates were Sparta and Greek revival spread. "I have noticed,"velopment of Europe tells us that the

Athens. Sparta was a military governsays Dr. Tallmadge of the American library of Alexandria served as a sort

ment and developed a system of military Institute of Architects, "that the famous of great publishing house, for an army training for the youth which denied the Tabernacle built in Salt Lake City by of editors and copyists was continually boys all luxuries. "Self reliance, endurthat extraordinary man, Brigham employed revising and duplicating its

ance, strength, skill in arms, and selfYoung, has the telltale Greek profiles documents. To many of these docurepression were their equipment."The in its mouldings and cornices."ments we owe much of our knowledge

the Greeks. of of At the the wisdom oflarge armies today are reminders of are ideals sumof the Atheneans The

first translauniversity the made was Sparta. ofthe armies citizen's of oath in the young up med

Athens became the center of the fine loyalty, an oath which has won the adtion of the Old Testament into Greek,

Septuagint, socalled which was sculpture, poetry, miration of the world: thearts—architecture, scholars, by seventy done who were thepainting, and music. Eudoxus was

father of astronomy, for he wrote a We will never bring disgrace cm this, versed in the lore and history of the systematic description of the constellaour city, by an act of dishonesty or cowardIsraelites and who had accepted the

Bible. of the teachings sublime Holy Aristotletions heavens. the of may To

ideal for fight will sacred the and ice.We fairly the of the renowned origination the ascribed came museumbe To the

city, the things with alone and both of many; world. scholars In Foremost of the Greek botany.science of medizoology and city's the will revere laws and obey we

cine Hippocrates recorded the findings and do our best to instil a like respect and among them was Euclid whose geomof many "priestphysicians"from all reverence in those above us who are prone etry was used as a text book down to parts of the Mediterranean world, and to annul or set them at naught; we will strive our own time. Eratosthenes set up sun

374 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OF THREE ANCIENT CITIES ON

dials and by measuring the angle of trie sun, computed the circumference of the LuuLiization earth. A contemporary of Euclid and

Eratosthenes named Aristarchus inthe sisted earth that around revolved in JERUSALEM, ALEXANDRIA AND ATHENS established sun. theory the This was

the minds of the people of Europe when

Copernicus announced the truth in the sixteenth century, that the sun is the center of the solar system. A student Dm j-'redLaent <=-evi Caaar iyouma

at the museum was Archimedes who disOF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY covered the principles of the levers, of the screw, and of specific gravity.

In this very brief statement of the grandeur which was Greece, we can see B.C., they revolted from the Egyptians The northern kingdom of Israel was

man's deep incentive to look beyond the and under their leader Moses, they were on the road between Babylonian and surface of reality. Man from the dawn guided out of Egypt to the "Promised Phoenician cities. The land prospered

of human history has tried to lift himLand"of Palestine. There were tribal from industry, and with wealth came

self to higher things until he has touched dissensions, but after organizing a govluxury. These ten tribes adopted the

the infinite region of spirit. Some of the ernment and calling Saul, a courageous gods and moral standards of their

thinkers of Athens and Alexandria dissoldier, as king, the foundation of the neighbors, and in 722 B.C. Assyria carcovered a region of life beyond the reaJewish state was laid. David captured ried twentyseven thousand of them into

soning faculty, a point of contact beJerusalem and made it his capital. This captivity, and these people were so

tween the human soul and the unseen was about 1000 B.C. Solomon, the son scattered that they became known as

universe. In their ascending scale of of David, succeeded his father as king, the "Ten Lost Tribes."

knowledge, they discovered truth and and the kingdom of Israel became Jerusalem under Solomon became a goodness and faith and love. They knew united and flourished. Trade was set great city. A water system was estabthe divine thought that was later taught up with the people along the Mediterlished, roads were built, the king lived

by Paul the apostle: ranean Sea, and Solomon built his temin a "beautiful"palace, and Solomon's

ple, one of the great buildings of anTemple became the center for the worLife should not only be progressive in cient days. On the death of Solomon, ship of the one known God. While

the ordinary sense, with ever new insight, ten of the tribes revolted and set up an Jerusalem was not naturally a place of fresh fuller ever ever communion, and and fertility, city called Israel as the stood a watergovernment, on life independent but resources, divine of the discovery plateau, other less at Samaria. with its capital yet she arose here it was The Allthe with connected ultimately be should

knowing God who gave us life. two tribes formed the small kingdom of and more than Athens or Alexandria or

Judah, with its capital at Jerusalem. Rome, taught the nations civic justice

The men of Athens and Alexandria and gave her name to the ideal city had a passion for perfection. SCHICK'S MODEL OF SOLOMON'S TEMPLE, which men are ever striving to build on

JERUSALEM earth to be the city of God that shall

Ill—Photograph by UnderwoodStratton (Continued on page 407)

Jerusalem

"Car back at the dawn of history, Jeru- "* salem was a mountain stronghold.

Some writers have asserted that the city was founded by Melchizedek, king of

Salem, who met Abraham and his family as they came across the Jordan into

Palestine from "Ur of the Chaldees."

This was about 2100 B.C. Jerusalem

was the village of a group of shepherds leading their flocks from day to day into neighboring territory to find fresh pasturage. Destiny set apart a certain

Hebrew boy to lay the foundation of the Hebrew nation. Joseph, the greatgrandson of Abraham, was sold as a

slave into Egypt by his brothers. The

boy won favor with the Pharaoh, became his minister and was permitted to bring his family to Egypt to escape a famine in Palestine. The father of Joseph, Jacob, was called Israel, so his

descendants were "the children of Israel,"or the Israelites. They remained

in Egypt for centuries, and in the course of time the Israelites expanded from twelve families into twelve tribes.

When the Egyptians began to enslave

JUNE, 1944 375 THIRD IN THE SERIES THOUGHTS FOR THE SERVICE MAN'S {chalet -s4ouir

ErfrownToarmya groupchapel,of pilotsthe speakerand cadetsreadinthean &uy J4aakf R scripture, "God created man in his COORDINATOR, LATTERDAY SAINTS IN THE SERVICE own image, in the image of God created AND PRESIDENT, BRITISH MISSION he him.""God gave man certain instructions called commandments,"said

the speaker, "and told him that all blessings are predicated upon obedience to think of the laws of life, when we hear The builder called his son to him, law."He spoke of the immutable, inthe gospel preached and reference made showed him what he had made, exexorable law of the harvest, "As ye to sin and its consequences. On every plained to him the purpose of its creasow, so shall ye also reap."hand and each hour of his life man is tion, the importance and function of

"God is the Master Builder, the Great confronted with some law or regulaeach working part, and their interdeScientist, the Loving Father, allpower- tion, some edict or commandment, each pendence; told him that he had obful, allwise; but he, too, observes law, with its own punishment, each threatenserved certain laws, as he invented and

and he has said it is his work and his ing dire consequences with seeming disbuilt the parts and fitted them together.

glory to bring to pass the immortality regard for the sinner's knowledge of He told of the fine adjustments necesand eternal life of man. Just as the glory the law."sary, and the need of exact tolerances.

is intelligence, gloryof so man's failure success that the or explained God He the of the Another took group up intelligence, hiswill and this measured be plane by of depend would how upon it said to argument, seemed him and this will his in turn knowlstrictly the pilot be shown by the observed laws upon that arbitrarily written the Creator had to law."obedience of its flight andedge depended. which lot shalt of "thou nots"then a and of down meeting, close the the of some his that told builder son At he was The his spent eternity time throughout spyques- speaker thethe asked care. his some entrusting to plane men the He ing violators bringing to on them and rulestions reguregarding pilot, its laws and and that thereshould and become all his for glory. judgment, own "What miliinlations, not only fly, obedience, to and fore learn he should how how is to as please, freedom want do we we life. service, in alltary in but of operate plane kinds the to

rights as respect the of so long we requesting permisgroup, the of weather. One others. to prohibition, reobject We in effect: frank, entirely tosion If said lanbe builder Bible the used had striction, let regulation, restraint; just

think there rules are too and said, shalt"guage, he might have many "Thou"We live be, lives us to as our choose, and weregulations time not."shalt anyway. or much have Too would "Thou He risk we'll the consequences."

just in finding spent out be leastmust what at ten given him commandments, one is supposed to do or refrain from probably many more, each with its rein rulesdoing. If there fewer penalty. other were or among ward And the HPhen* by parable:the speaker undertook to teach not said, things doubtless be soarmy there would he men have many would

in guardhouses, less KP duty as punish- A great airplane builder, after years "Thou shalt not take the plane into the ment, and there would be a much better of study and experiment, perfected a air without first checking the oil and feeling between the men and their N.C. plane. He invented all the operating gas, nor permit them to be diluted or

O.'s and officers, whose duty it is to parts and related them one to another, contaminated.

see that discipline is maintained."Conaccording to the laws of aerodynamics. "Thou shalt not attempt to leave the

tinuing, he said, "I am not so much conHe had put much time and thought and ground without first obtaining a cercerned about the matter as it affects us love into its creation, and when it was tain speed or to land at a greater or less while we are in the service, but the same completed he looked upon his work and speed than that which experience has line of reasoning bothers us when we called it good. shown to be safe.

CHAPLAIN

CAPTAIN REED G. PROBST

OF MALAD, IDAHO, CONDUCTS SERVICES IN NEW GUINEA

376 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1. )

"Thou shalt always take oxygen and fly this plane in my own way. The kind

a mask when intending to fly above a and quality of oil and gas I shall use is Profiles certain altitude, and in that higher altimy own affair. I'll pay little heed to (Concluded from page 362)

tude never fly for prolonged periods altitude or speed, nor will I be bound his to for necessary baptism admission physical the foolish rules regarding using oxygen.without by

the heavenly kingdom."relationship to engine, or its that care pipes shalt the of the sure make "Thou

just objections of This the one was into he flew power."engine of the the source the gas tank So andbetween

of minister parried. that the was dirt, altitudes, momentarily higher the freeare are clogged and not or from

broken, for your life will depend upon enjoyed the intoxication of a rarified Parley P. Pratt Describes Joseph

an uninterrupted flow of power from atmosphere. He discarded his oxygen Smith

that source. mask, and in his delirium went into a

tall person was in Smith the exPresident vigilant shalt enjoyed drunkenly constantly dive and be "Thou built, strong active; of and well Recklessly altitude the speed. of and speed, he * studying andabout your hilaration

maps and compass every hour. Seek said to himself, "I am the favorite son a light complexion, light hair, blue eyes,

frequent reports from headquarters on of my father; nothing can happen to me, very little beard, and of an expression

peculiar to himself.... His countenance was ever mild, affable, beaming

with intelligence and benevolence;

mingled with a look of interest and an unconscious smile, or cheerfulness, and entirely free from all restraint or affectation of gravity; and there was something connected with the serene and

SERVICE MEN OF steady penetrating glance of his eye, as

NAVY, ARMY, penetrate the if he deepest abyss would AND. the heart.., human CORPS, of MARINE

LEAVING AT He possessed a noble boldness and

CONCLUSION OF independence of character; his manner

SUNDAY MORNwas easy and familiar; his rebuke terING RELIGIOUS rible as the lion; his benevolence unSERVICES bounded as the ocean; his intelligence

BY CONDUCTED universal, his language and abounding

THEO.CHAPLAIN in original peculiar eloquence to himJR. E. CURTIS, IN HAWAII self—not polished—not studied—not

smoothed and softened by education and refined by art; but flowing forth in

its own native simplicity, and profusely abounding in variety of subject and manner. He interested and edified,

while, at the same time, he amused and entertained his audience; and none

listened to him that were ever weary of his discourse. I have even known him

the weather, and always heed the warnas he is so powerful that he can rescue to retain a congregation of willing and anxious listeners for tohours many rules folly. Theseings given. even from me my

gether, in the of midst cold sunshine, or for right the regulations be all and may to will frequently access have "You or wind, while they laughing were I rain pilots, see but of run whoradio check which beams you common1 by may at one next. weeping and the moment am. direction. location Observeyour and his bitter Even most enemies genwere

signals that notthe warning you may left, or the right or loseveer too far to \17hat would you men think of a pilot theirerallyears.overcome, if he could once get

contact with your base. Remember the '* who acted in such a manner—how I have known him when chained and

personnel at the home base are your would you like to be one of his crew? surrounded with armed murderers and

friends. They have access to informaWould you sympathize with his arguassassins who were heaping upon him

tion to available not you. if, after should he a crash, ments Do not quespossible insult conevery rise abuse, and up

theirtion decisions."the useless wisdom of that the rules anytend were in the majesty of of a son reGod and

Many other instructions and comway and that the effect of disobedience buke them, in the name of Jesus Christ, mandments were given to the pilot bewas disproportionate to the cause? till they quailed before him, dropped

fore he took off, and the father bade Would you agree that a tiny spark their weapons, and on their knees, him Godspeed and happy landing, with should not cause a great explosion when begged his pardon, and ceased their one last caution, "Thou shalt not strike it reached gas fumes? abuse...

tank. have gas the near You matcha he till been spared martyr's Had a fate is to obedience Righteousness, which choose, as to free do you agencyyour age, manhood cerand he was as well individual a mature as exalts law, an

if these disobey tainlybut you remember, endowed with ability powers and folly is sin, the of which while suffer die."nation; will or othersrules, to and you have revolutionized in the world the taking deliberately disobedience,

respects, and all his transmitted father to have pilot that noted The things road, doing had wrong the hard way, manyto posterity a associated bit name with oldfashionedsaid, a but thought him man. to any is a reproach

brilliant more glorious and acts his ideas than has whimsical. had ownand He

regarding the many instructions he had Each man is the pilot of his own life, yet fallen to the lot of mortal. As it is,

received, and the need of their observcharged with the responsibility of the his works will live to an endless age, and ance. He took great care at first, as he flight across the valley of life and over unnumbered millions yet unborn will

knew his father was watching him, but the hills of eternity. Keep this in mind mention his name with honor, as a noble

soon he felt the thrill of release from as you ponder the thought that the Creinstrument in the hands of God, who, restraint, and of the exercise of power, ator is your Father—heed his warnduring his short and youthful career,

the pride of independent decision and ings, for his purpose is to help you make laid the foundation of that kingdom achievement, and he began to wonder a happy landing. For this purpose he spoken of by Daniel, the prophet, which

why his father had spent so much time has made known the laws of life. He is should break in pieces all other kingon foolish rules and regulations. "Now the Master Builder who made man in doms and stand forever. (Parley P.

that I am on my own,"he said, "I shall his own image. Pratt, Autobiography, pp. 47, 48.

JUNE, 1944 377 DOPcdcpcD potaD

HEARD FROM THE "CROSSROADS OF THE WEST"WITH THE SALT LAKE TaBERnacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through noon at 12:00 every Sunday System Broadcasting Columbia and theBy RICHARD L EVANS KSL Mountain 10:00 a.m. Time, a.m. Central Time, 11:00 War Eastern War

War Time, and 9:00 a.m. Pacific War Time.

tance—the (LiSence of fno are55 Mon cJjon't X#inow epenlanceT

we are idealistic lAJLat Ljou're n((iddinf /"IN sometimesconsideringinclinedgreat moralto assumeand religiousthat theyprinciples,are rather than practical—that the benefits and penalties assofar so application of devoid virtually are ciated them with to do urged being of experience the all had have\17e nothing But concerned. are affairs daily as commonplace our * * sometimes inclinations, and against our something the example, for truth. Consider, the further from be could use persuasively those judgment, who better byagainst our very not take us do of many which repentance, of principle

it! don't know try You and on come "O, argument:the significance practical extremely an has which but seriously, and people, old doubt, many missing!"And, no you'rewhat forward moves sense, life. no man In a of in phase every things and good to introduced some alike, been haveyoung realm in the neither repentance, without particular in any practices undesirable to some introduced also beenhave spiritual. Changthe of realm in the nor things material of is the it, course, of Behind this philosophy. places byand better and to things a new doing of old an ing way from thing likes a he whether doesn't know that a reasoning man is kind a efficiency industrial Increasing is repentance. way is and, true, this it. tried Sometimes until has he not or and methods wasteful of abandoning the of repentance—by best like the it sound invariably true, may sometimes being discovnewer the Applying better ways. of following the conlogical socalled its it of to some carry until logic of we ills in the and of human treatment in the science eries of for apparent; absurdities become point at clusions, which of is form a things useful all desirable and of creation if you've missing you're what don't know example, you repentis kind of child a of a up growing repentance. The if missing you're what don't jail. in know You been never increaswith in accordance his conduct modifies as he ance you're what don't know smallpox. You had never you've childish ways, in behaves adult an when ing wisdom. And window. thirdstory fallen a if from never you've missing principle the governed failed by to be has extent he that to agreed are we of us most which experiences are these But practices, unenlightened to reverts he repentance—when of is it with many so along get well very could without—and truth, for newfound errors old abandon to refuses he when contrary are which to do urge us others things which the of the condemned by been that have in persists ways he when seen have which results of we the and judgment best to our unof The God. laws the by society and of experience be good to not them found have others, and lives of in the to of instead darkness the to face his turns repentant man missing. Someare precisely what we if don't know even we if only to be he knows follows ways light. evil—evil the He can't one belief that a harbored is to be found there times best the to conform not does practice his that sense in the rather it sampled been until has all is about life what know knows a man words, other when In knowledge. available as well as side seamy even and freely is, promiscuously—the and unrepentant, is extent he that to does, he than better in life, an even side of the seamy sample to But good. the of repent doesn't unprogressive. who He also therefore, of intention serious with no mind of frame experimental ill health. price of the will health pay of the laws breaking imunforgettable an is to apt make ways, false into falling spending of repent doesn't the who or institution man The judgment our thinking and our warp may which pression disaster. who financial He invites his means, beyond habits to lead unintentionally which may after, and forever will pay wrongdoing wrongthinking and of repent doesn't damaging. And tenacious and both are which practices and foolish, is to be unrepentant be unhappiness. To in personal questionuseless or or foolish something do before so, we successful failure. it to leads because stupid, A and unwise, the merely than better excuse much a be should there able, striving toward life of a repentance, life constant of is life a missing. This we're what don't know that we argument of errors to abandon earnestly seeks life that a perfection, After do reason. we enough isn't good a certainly most to attitude, and of habit and of errors conduct, of thought, is a late. it There too be missing, we're may what know is the repentance short, In false ways. to more return no to better it have much that things were list of long very spiritual in as well as material in progress, of essence very of hearts thoughts, and habits, and lives, and the as missed, idealism, of realm the in as well affairs as practical in things, sometimes eloquently and missed them haven't those who unrepentant. to be afford can man no and testify. tragically

1Q44. 23. April Sunday, 1944. 2, April—Sunday,

378 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

flpSffi) HD[pD(P

-':-:.::::::.:'>.'

comes easy, let us be reminded of some of the facts and forgiven be expect to those who prerequisites. There are

are they that announcing [-'Lament to L/ur Jkouaktf simply by times without number

Derhaps most of us have had the experience of looking sorry. There are those who expect to have all manner of

* down from great heights, or of peering into deep chasms, errors rectified and cancelled out merely by a statement of to find that we seem somehow to be drawn toward the regret. There are those who repent while the fear of conand repeat their actual soon forget, in them, an if not who is upon feelings, sequences and our thoughts abyss—in in embarrassment, who its repent attracare those who errors. have There abyss may an Gazing into sense. physical

tions, but it is an exceedingly hazardous pastime. Gazing are more sorry they were apprehended than they are for

needlessly into voids of other kinds also has its hazards. It what they have done. But repentance is more than saying

has long been recognized that people tend to take on the I'm sorry; it is more than fear of consequences; more than

characteristics of the thoughts they entertain, and of the the embarrassment of being caught; more than being ciratmosphere they frequent. For example, it may be noted cumspect under scrutiny. It involves a change within—

that many who deal with elements of crime and sordidness, change which resolves, and which in practice, does abandon even with the most unquestionable good intentions, find old errors. And only then may we reasonably expect the

their thinking modified accordingly. Those who contemplate law of forgiveness to operate. The worker of the soil who

too earnestly the negative and undesirable phases of living, expects the earth and the climate to forgive him by yielding are in constant danger of becoming negative in their lives. abundantly when he plants carelessly and cultivates poorly,

Impressionable youngsters who are forever seeing and readis due for disappointment. Nature does not forgive except

ing and listening to the wrong kind of stories are apt to find on demonstration of repentance. The mistake of a child,

their processes of thought following channels that are not who, upon correction, does better next time, is forgiven and wholesome and that may have a blighting effect upon their forgotten. But if he persists in making the same mistake,

outlook. Sometimes boys in crowds, in the spirit of foolish we become progressively less lenient. In business he who

bravado, step into the wrong part of town, or into the persists in his errors cannot count on repeated forgiveness.

wrong places, just to see what goes on. Often they find His creditors soon weary of forgiveness. And such is the

out, and by so doing, fix images in their minds which they expectancy of all who say I am sorry, and then do nothing are likely to dwell upon too frequently and to recall too about it. He who desires forgiveness among friends, before

vividly. Young people away from home sightseeing in sordid the law, in business, in dealing with nature, or in standing

the places may acquire some colorful tales to recount, but they before God, must offer a genuine repentance—such as

don't come out untouched, because every impression that Savior expressed in essence when he said: "Go, and sin

crosses our lives is there indelibly to be recalled, the unno more."(John 8:11.)... "Then came Peter to him, and

I sin against me, and oft shall said, is Lord, reason my brother how every there as the as well desirable desirable—and

not him, I say unto times? Jesus said till seven forgive of him? pattern the mar not of our way to go out why we should

times but, Until seventy times: thee, Until seven unto good, can accomplish so doing we by our thoughts—unless is then, there 18:2122.) Presumably, seven."(Matthew such with acquaintance require an calls of duty or unless

things. There is an old saying that you can't afford to step virtually no limit to the number of times we are expected to

over into the devil's territory. Stay in your own province, forgive our fellow men. But this fact does not justify the

with your own safeguards. Stay away from evil ground if persistent offender. It would scarcely be safe to expect unyou don't want some of it to cling to you. Even if it doesn't limited forgiveness to follow persistent transgression. This

touch you physically, it may mentally and spiritually. Gazin itself would be evidence that repentance is not genuine.

ing at sordid or sullied things, if it does nothing worse, will In the matter of obtaining forgiveness, it is a wise man who certainly add its pigment to our thoughts. Unless there is a doesn't count on seventy times seven.

constructive purpose and an honest reason for doing so,—Sunday, April 30, 1944.

don't look for things that it would be unwise to find. Copyright. 1944.

—Sunday, April 16, 1944. Note: The comment of conference

Sunday, April 9, 1944, "Remember How

Short My Time 1st"appeared on page (ojuedtion of 3,oraivenesd Jhe 338 of the May Era.

'we make a mistake, no doubt upon sincere re

I pentance we may reasonably expect forgiveness. The principle of forgiveness is closely

associated with the principle of repentance. But lest there be any who

may suppose that forgiveness

JUNE, 1944:

impossible. The greatest difficulty lies cern for the health of others—an interest in overcoming the belief that you are in their wellbeing—an aversion to undifficult to understand, in overcoming dermining health—a reverence for the

your desire to be mysterious. Second tabernacle of the spirit in anyone. You

to have a good personality you must know the rules.

know which you want to achieve Selfrespect is an integral part of a today's "glamour popularity"(a fleetlong-time attractive personality. But it

ing thing), or a longtime hope for doesn't operate unless it includes relong do mean we desire for to hold the time spect happiness—and others—the

eternities to the eyes can lift our inindividuals rights life of all and—we

on this venture and not be overbold. violate. Selfrespect is an inclusive term.

It may help you in making up your It means well thought out standards, mind to take this long look at personalhigh ideals built on an understanding of ity to ask any older woman—age thirty religion, on an understanding of the purto one hundred—to think back and tell poses of life, friendship, marriage, famyou how many girls she can recall who,

startlingly popular at sixteen, achieved ily.A hunger for truth is a part of the

genuine lasting happiness in later life. longtime personality—an open mind,

Personality Girls

Toity"Junioris Girls,spellbinding—morethe word "personalawe- IIt can,wouldpersonally,be fun, too,rememberto ask onlyher two.(the thetion.avoidanceThe twoedgedof falsitynatureand exaggeraof truthinspiring than "sororities,"more older woman) how many girls she reseeking shows best in our choice of

magical than "Houdini,"as fascinating members who were once shy and awkfriends—we seek stimulating, alert

poised, searching with happy, as a first boys nail polish, as terrifying ward butas who became feel, truth. will for Personality, is beloved, they surfriends—girlseyes and a passionand women."permanent."The answer A few

the magic key to that much desired prise you. Perhaps it will surprise the Madame Curies wouldn't be amiss in

quality known as charm, to that elusive woman, too, for she will probably numour personality groups.

list. latter herself the This that ber popularity, called tocondition among

is to easy prerequisite—not Poise a

into the delving might past even "happiness."go placewonderful named it of achieve, byproduct is a because

tell further. her to of boys you Ask perdefinitions of are There as many is like things, happiness, other and many

will story into men. probgrown The says, Juniors.sonality there as are One usually only us have when upon we

Bill's this: like ably something go it's to boys,"to say knowing"Oh, what it. its live to without learned Perhaps

or "It's just something different that clothes weren't too attractive and he greatest value lies in its ability to make you're born with.""Personality is what was tonguetied and he couldn't dance, others feel at ease.

draws you to someone and makes you but somehow by some magic metamorhave a good time with her.""It's just phosis he became a most charming and One of the greatest ingredients of

an awful cute side to a friend."To most desirable man. Popular boys sometimes personalitybuilding is the ability toteenagers personality means a ready remain popular—nobly weathering the seize opportunity—to exercise and deleisure, utilize talents, enter to velop to often of maturity; heavier demands they dull a moment.tongue—never sing to are opening. asked every You don't. Perhaps can be smart you and isn't definition too helpfirst time. for the alone discerning pick to enough out from Do it!—even individualful—"DistinctionA dictionary of person:

invited to voice cracks. your friends the You are are if boys among your who charbeing or complexity—implying large group. before it, even a pray potentially wonderful, Do though even they traits persistentacter having among

which are reason, selfconsciousness, are not too interesting right now. At if the room goes around in circles. You

etc."The Junior lights on one word, any rate, the competition won't be nearhave a chance to learn to swim, or"Selfconsciousness is right,"she ly so great. dance, or ski, or play the violin—under

groans. expert instruction. Learn even if you

is building personality to of you're or a longthink going break drown TThe helpful, is a little Psychology more for experijob. lifetime * time, a leg. chance generalet a Never It began stimdefining personality social as the

it in ence, pass development, worthwhile tions before were you born—becauseulus effect of value an individual—our if girls in a longthat is true by you are interested you some arrive on earth others, the effect of othersupon upon

us, our effect upon ourselves. It means with striking and fascinating individualterm personality. And give others every

social get along we adjustment—how

with others. It comes, in long some ities,day—forand theenvironmentwork goesis ona markedfrom dayfacto opportunityAnother essential—zest!for development.To work intor personality. in developingderivative roots sense, from which mean tensively—pushing

the fundamentals. a look at Take other In"to speak through."words, we winds of concentration—merelyyourself into secondfor the

reach others or "speak through"our Each one is important and, in its effect joy of accomplishment; to play with

personality. upon personality, is twoedged. It must vigor and excitement. Zesf is a lovely

To have a "good personality"is to be applied to oneself and it must be part of personality.

others. turned towards outward If you joy,reach great balance adand and be reached Humor—the for good—for

you'll over them one by one, it think see juster is indispensible.for stimulation, beautifor fellowship. It works But

isn't really so simple. At least there is why. fully—you know you can't be perfect

no infallible formula for its achieveHealth is a tremendous factor in deeven though you long for perfection. So

ment. On the other hand, it isn't imveloping a good personality. True, you go on imperfectly seeking for perpossibly complex and it can be analyzed some people with ill health have good fection. You know your friends can't

at least in some degree. Let's take a personalities. Nevertheless, it is not be perfect—so you assume they are

nearly. is tolerance, is understandpersonality usual and a great Humor when it occurs, personality—Junior heart, tribute self ing, a light a ready laugh, to individual courage and—yourlook at personality.

First—to have a good personality control. No matter how well one is, joke, resiliency—faith everlasting.a quick

you must understand yourself. This is however, a good personality cannot be These are all suggestive. Perhaps you

a difficult assignment, but not totally achieved unless one has genuine conwill want to add others.

380 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 44Dut,"you Juniors say, "there mast light comes into your eyes, and you are *-* be some concrete helps. You beautiful. SOME THOUGHTS ON

telling what's 5. best you Your things use that can weknow—little is loud too laugh with

tell us. us Don'tright now to help little a you're the wrongand you noisy.you—yourfriendMakesis

old ones like getting a boy to talk about mad because, after all, you've never claimedbithimself or being sure our slip doesn't to be perfect and she has faults, too. Then win%

show. Tell us something new."you decide not to be mad—at least not to

All right. Here are some very tricky show that you are. You decide to listen.

she's soon something. got you And Maybe to helpsuggestions the black over you she's well are that and she convinced means is like rightly living art of play, evermoments. you Did "Yes THE profit her right from can and probably you it and learned arts; all be must yes,"no andmeans means no when tricky indeed, but ideas. Yes, good game? A incessant practiced with five old? about Here's yearsyou were it!—try—Goethe.care. fifteen. to "I playone are you when * * * "Tell ask. us else?""Well, you what it, I it, likedon't like but acr so feel

other you're In words, act."how to It like it."then I feel seem childish; may

else like something you'd andit it isn't. is Actually, adult young completely up EverynizetruetheChristianfact that mustthe lawsrecogof

and only those who are experts can your sleeve. health are the laws of God as

consider themselves grownup. It takes Good grooming—nothing new but it's much as are the precepts of the

Decalogue. John Harvey Kellogg. * * *

T ife is the happiest gift of God;

*-'the best body is and the human—-Ar. (/Sewinett

It is per-& Cmim handiwork. Nature's of

CHAIRMAN, JUNIOR COMMITTEE fect in design and wonderful in

Y.W.M.I.A. GENERAL BOARD construction. Carelessness, aided

by ignorance, is responsible for all its defects. A regulated system of

practice. The first few times it may not a help—cleanliness, appropriateness, health would astound mankindwork because you may possibly get becomingness—and a little dash of origwith results both marvelous and!

nervous and overdo it. But soon you'll inality. Who started this charm braceenjoyable. Hale.

be "in the groove."These are the rules: let fad, anyway? Someone did! You * * *

interesting, as devise something could 1. party. at a are aren't having that sacred genesis You You Anatomy, original, less exas amusing, as and ** is time escort because very not gooda your the us which shows masterfashion your own. Every isn't experiencedvery he pensive—all and playing your the of piece Creator which and closely, fad, so idea every you try to imagine (quickly)game. So you how little teaches us and how how girl started a feel act was by are a and havingyou when you nonfollower—afollow is, great a to the ought form man originality, personality. of of marked So

have a few little ideas of your own up constant study of mankind. But

your sleeve. we ought not consider the organs

the the lifeless body as form rules of to of how Good manners—the livof a mechanical mass, but the get the along with with one another

ing, active instruments of the difficulty least and accumupain—the Ling. millions of experience lated of people soul.

through generations of time. They're * * *

worth following because they soothe HPhose who are really awake to and soften and ease the way—but you * the sights and sounds which

manners—addcan be a little original.warmthGoandbeyondsinceritygood thethem,processionfind endlessof theentertainmentmonths offer

and helpfulness and affection. Those and instruction. Yet there are

are good personality traits to have up great multitudes who are present your personal sleeve. at as many as threescore and ten

performances, without ever really looking at the scenery, or listening to the music, or observing the chief actors. Oliver Wendell

good time. You act and look like that. Then Holmes.

suddenly you are having a good time. * * *

2. are sad. wrong. has gone day You The

lost not TTo theme. your motherYou Your was A tocureprevent,is the thevoicedivineof thewhisperpast; curl rainvery understanding. the took The

out of your hair. Your foot hurts. But who of today. John Harvey Kellogg.

cares besides you? You can safely assume

that no one does. So you smile just as if

everything everywonderful. had been Soon in which power HThe must we

thing A faith if have well, be would we terribly are cares bored. 3. Youis! Who the creative curative and power this dull Civil is lesson? historyabout The

War was a long time ago. And why does which exists in every living thing.

talk—John Harvey Kellogg. theBob intra-—Illustrations by Fielding K. Smithmural lean forward games?

the historyand put your so everlastinglyHowever—youeyes on Bobaboutor

listenteacher try to and soon quality. perfection, engaging but an make To HRiFLES intently—and Grace—is

interested. areyou trifle. ribs stand * perfection and beautifully—tall 4. that are convinced "look you You a hips, up; ears to walk is—Michelangelo.no betweenbeautifully—feet inmess."the did ever world you What straight, knees brushing; relaxed and this for? dress buy developed you've And

straight get lifting to chair, out of a up hair "hickey,"a and goodness your knows is all wrong and your feet are too big. Then with the back foot instead of pushing ature will bear the closest inyou stop to think how you would feel if up with your hands (this is especially N spection... every part is full

you were beautiful. Up goes your head, a (Concluded on page 402) of life. Thoreau.

JUNE, 1944 381

AN OLD VIEW OF NAUVOO

IN EARLY DAYS

This is from a painting by David Hyrum Smith, posthumous son of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

—WESTERNcontemplated a

is evident that Joseph Smith did not

IT expect Nauvoo to be a permanent resting place for his people, but entertained hopes of a long journey into MIGRATION the West. Perhaps his opinion was not

unlike that of Elder Heber C. Kimball,

who prophesied when he first visited

Nauvoo, "It is a very pretty place, but1 OF THE CHURCH HISTORIAN'S OFFICE not a long abiding home for the Saints."

Sidney Rigdon became provoked because of this prediction and exclaimed, our persecutors or lose their lives in conout a delegation and investigate the locations hunt disease, of California Oregon, of or and and sequence exposure some and Kimball that Elder suppose"I should in location, live assist to will remove out can of making where and good a we go you privasufferings through and passedhad is cities, to after completed, the the where temple build see settlements and and and drivings enough,tions and mobbings and in a the day, midst build in a city people and have can a Saints a mighty become we to learn to prophesy good concerning of the Rocky Mountains. government of our own, get up into the

Israel."mountains, where the devil cannot dig us out,

Yet Joseph Smith never objected to The diary of Anson Call contains the and live in a healthful climate, where we can the prediction or reprimanded Brother following references to this incident: live as old as we have a mind to.*

* * * his that friends relating to forKimball the of with In or 100 about 50 company

I office. in the of met Council Twelve my abode. temporary but a wasNauvoo to river the brethren, crossed Montrose we insert the minutes: deterthe became more enemy As at the of to installment present lodge a be the of of Council Meeting Minutes a Ilviz., the order, expel to Rising from themined of Mormons Masonic "The Twelve. together, Whilst atSun."Joseph, waslinois, leaders who gave the church more at of the the Twelve, meeting a mayAt told that us, things should of us with many anof to thought thetention unwelcome office, sev21, or's 1844, February Nauvoo, in drinking the transpire mountains. After the before years exodus.other p.m., P. o'clock Parley Two Young, en Brigham said, icewater, of "Brethren, draught a he expression the gave Prophet Pratt, Pratt, Woodruff,martyrdom Wilford John Orson this like tastes crystal the water much Smith, Richards Willard Taylor, A. George histo the about prophecy wellknown the in are that running streams MounRocky present, called others being four and by in people "mighty a becomingfollowers of. tains will participate of which some you notice, President instruction of previous by the of Mountains."the midst Rocky that An those here standing are of There some instant, for the the 20th Smith on Joseph official in will great of that in history the land"the a perform churchentry work explore to selecting of purpose company a

to a pointing Shadrack and number Roundy this 6, 1842, of date bears Augustunder site for select California, a and and Oregon

I is forgotten. of others have "There whominformation for city the Saints. a new shall assist in building he Anson, and go Phineas H. Young, Jonathan Dunham, cities to the of river the to country end from one the Iowa, over Montrose, Passed Fullmer, Yearsley, and David D. David shall great other, as as perform and Colonel within General work Adams, company to go; volunteered and Young, Alphonzo that inthe so others, ever the has nadone been witnessed by andBrewer, and man Daniel Emmett, Watt, and D. George James shall the of astonished, earth tions officers of Rising of the and thestallation be Sun go. to requested Spencer were

in will that of gathered at land be them Montrose, Masons, Ancient many YorkLodge, to notified the to persons be above Voted assist cities in building temples and and and Adams, Grand Deputy General Jamesby the council with evening meet Friday on rejoice, shall to Illinois. Israel before but the be of made Grand Deputy WhileMaster next, the at room. assembly will this the see requisite pass through the in giving 3 day you you engagedMaster was Clerk Richards, Willard

little I that are scenes but Masterelect, understood the you. toinstructions [Joseph by

shall people to mourn. Multibe of This with made a conversation a number Smith] had days later the Prophet journal- A few will die, will apostatize."tudes the building the in shade of thebrethren many on as follows: ized

in persecutions Missouri, of and oursubject followed has constant the which annoyance of the last the months few asin the with the Twelve Touring Feb. 23—Met

state. I that driven from sinceus we were sembly and the Oregon room concerning atten- L Prophet's gave life he much

the continue that Saints prophesied would Expedition; Exploring Hyrum this In migration. tion to proposed FebCalifornia

affliction driven be and to suffer would much I present. I wanted told them and Sidney entries the following 1844 ruary were the Mountains, would to many Rocky {Continued 388) on page in history of the church: the made to death othersapostatize, put would be by

History of the Church. VI:222

"Orson F. Whitney. Life of Heber C. Kimball, p. 268 I instructed the Twelve Apostles to send *lbid., p. 223

382 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Church oves Oness: <<<<< < < <*

Eastern States Misson Head President and Mrs. Grant Celebrate

TDoy W. Doxey of Washington, D.C., Sixtieth Wedding Anniversary

** has been appointed by the first "pRiDAY, May 26, 1944, President and presidency as president of the Eastern *r Mrs. Heber J. Grant celebrated their

States Mission succeeding Gustave A. sixtieth wedding anniversary. Married

Iverson, who has been president of the on May 26, 1 884, they are both nearing mission for three and a half years. their eightyeighth birthdays. Augusta

President Doxey filled a mission to Winters Grant will observe hers on July

Canada in 193032. He has served 7, while President Grant will celebrate

in the bishopric of the Arlington Ward, his on November 22.

Washington Stake, and has been active

M.I.A. Resigns Counselor in missionary stake in the nationwork T

capital. al A. IVERSON ROY W. DOXEY GUSTAVE that announced T ucy Grant Cannon

president president Outgoing *-"'the time of his apointment At he was Incoming first Helen Williams, Spencer counthe with economist an National Housin selor the Young Mutual Women's fats; carving claymodeling, soap and ing Agency. Association, Improvement has resigned

their activities in and handicraft other ill health. of because Mrs. has Williams Series Radio New children. the contact weekly with served faithfully continuously since: and

the of Fielding Smith Joseph In lder her in appointment 1932. chairChapel Sold July As *—'council will of the begin twelve a of the activity community man commitchapel of the Beach Long Ward, TpHE series of radio addresses Sunday new tee the of from her time to appointment 1 Blvd., Atlantic 1202 Beach, Long night, 4, at p.m., 9:15 June M.W.T., the in general presidency November for the been has which church used by series, entitled over His Res- "The KSL. 1937, she a great has contribution made years, sold. has twenty been ward The toration All of will Things,"succeed to the in her church the guidance of lot has a Pacific Blvd., purchased on on Elder A. Widtsoe's UnderJohn "An features the of proMutual will a which erected as recreational chapel be new standable Religion,"which began Janugram. call Prior to her presito the as conditions will soon permit. 2, ary 1944. dency, she as served of the chairman

Commentator Pays Tribute to Dedications Gleaner committee, of the drama comPresident Grant Couth Cottonwood ward chapel of mittee, as well as having served on the activity community committee. Stake Cottonwood was M the Big his broadcast nationwide Tn of March successor to Mrs. Williams has No dedicated April A Bishop 9, by Presiding 10, 1944, over the Mutual Network, as chosen. yet been Richards. Fulton Lewis, LeGrand CommentatorColumnist

Deseret The Stake, Deseret Ward, the following concerning to say Jr., had Scholarship Winner chapel 19, was dedicated March by President Grant: Heber J. sevenDavidson, Charles Amber Bishop L. Wirthlin of the presidJoseph

all interject that colorLet the here of me ** teenyear-old youth from Fort ing bishopric.

ful figures impressive ever that and I have Bridger, recently Wyoming, was National City The Diego San Ward, to, the talking privilege of President had

Grant of the Mormon Church ranks with Stake, chapel was dedicated April 16, awarded the Westinghouse Grand Scithe very top of them all.... by Elder Oscar A. Kirkham of the first ence Scholarship in the third annual

council of the seventy. Science Talent Search by the electric

Temple Presidency The Annis Ward chapel of the Rigcompany. The award, won in national

A ppointment of John R. Sayer and by Stake was dedicated on April 2, by competition, is a fouryear $2,400 scholFred Schwendiman as counselors Elder Joseph F. Merrill of the council arship. A New York City girl rein the Idaho Falls Temple presidency of the twelve. ceived a like award, and thirtysix other

has been announced by the first presiyouths were granted scholarships of dency. President Sayer is a member of Board Member one hundred to four hundred dollars.

the high council of the North Idaho r\AviD L. McKay, former stake superCharles, an active church member, Falls Stake and a former bishop of a intendent of Sunday Schools in the has scientific interests embracing such

Rigby, Idaho, ward. President SchwenBonneville Stake, has been appointed a subjects as electronics, chemistry, midiman is active in ward and stake geneamember of the general board of the croscopy, and biology. He likes to paint.

logical work in the Idaho Falls Stake, Deseret Sunday School Union. (Continued on page 395)

and formerly a member of ward bishoprics in Rexburg and Sugar City, Idaho.

They will serve with Temple President

David Smith, whose appointment was announced several months ago.

Dedication of the new temple is expected during the summer.

Summertime at Primary "Primary associations throughout the * church this summer will teach cooking; crocheting, knitting, and other types

of needlework; the making of rag dolls,

stuffed animals, model airplanes, and other toys; nature study with hikes and MISSIONARIES WHO ENTERED MISSION HOME MARCH 13, 1944; DEPARTED MARCH 23, 1944

raising First leftpicnics; row, right: storygardens; welfare to Genevieve Bird, Beulah B. Cotton, Burton, Don Hart, Crozier Kimball, Ada Clara

Verl Mrs. Chapman. M. Kimball,telling, dramatics, miniachorus work,

row: Second Beverly Melvin R. Bloomquist, M. Anderson, Luella B. Cottle, Mignon Hansen, Beverly Openture parades; dancing, social conshaw, and Ray Chapman.

duct; making scrapbooks; collecting salWilliamThirdH. Young.row: Wm. E. Berrett, Marvel Murphy, Martha Anderson, Geraldine Bearnson, Reigo S. Hawkins,

vage such as waste paper, scrap metal, Fourth row: Frank Barker, Thomas F. Rogers, George A. Hymas, Christian W. Christensen.

JUNE, 1944 383

cents to twelve dollars each, placed at his disposal the sum of sixtyfour dollars and fifty cents. Of this he

wrote Editorials My heart swells with gratitude inexpressible when I realize the great condescension of my Heavenly Father, in opening the hearts of these my brethren to administer so liberally to

KeUectiond on a J*4u,narea Lyeard my wants. And I ask God, in the name of Jesus Christ, to

multiply blessings without number upon their heads, and dispose understanding, and bless and with wisdom much me talk has not Tt could been years since with many we the brethren, advancefor and best of advantage to the my me * in those Smith, been had had seen Joseph who who are his days whether cause of kingdom. and ment And my

his presence, who had shared in the events of his time. many or few, whether in life or in death, I say in my heart,

But the passing of a hundred years has changed all that. O Lord, let me enjoy the society of such brethren.

it has one taken those from us One by whose among assisthelp for small gratitude and overflowing Such mortal eyes in life. seen are yet him had There besides being a heart of one who, living, ance from the came however, who many knew knew those who greathearted man. Joseph prophet, was a kindly and heard have once him described, removed, Smith, who * * *

parents grandparents. by and

still, But a hundred years is a long time in the life of ingSaturday,to my domesticNovemberconcerns.7th: Spent{Historythe dayol theat Church,home attendVol.

mortal century, man. brief in history, so a time A so II, page 302.) * * * brief in a time the working purposes, of goes far God's

toward in his removing feelin his thoughts a man and brethren met 10, 1835: This December Thursday, day my ings from the century that him. has preceded Because to according previous arrangement haul wood and to chop

this is true, we may, unless we guard against it, fall into for me. Beautiful morning, indeed, and fine sleighing. (History

the common error of supposing that time changes all of the Church, Vol. II, page 327, 328.)

things; that the men and women who lived a hundred

years in different ago were kind are; from that what we of beginning the being 1, This 1836: morning, Jan. Friday it easier to then sacrifice for truth, was easier give to up that he filled is to gratitude with God heart year, a new my life old it it is of an than that easier way now; then was while family, life, lives the and preserved of my has my suffer to ridicule persecution, and separated to be from sustained and uppassed have away. has another year We

friends and loved ones, easier to set aside personal held in the midst of a wicked and perverse generation, although hopes and ambitions—easier to die a martyr's death. exposed to all the afflictions, temptation, and misery that are

But the facts of history will not bear out such concluincident to human life; for this I feel to humble myself in

sions. dust and ashes, as it were, before the Lord. (History of the

Smith, Joseph and all the prophets preceded who him Church, Vol. II, page 352.)* * * (and all the prophets will have and follow him), who

were men subject to the ills of the world, subject to And thus it was that the Prophet Joseph Smith lived fears and depression of spirit and personal disappointhis life from the time, as a lad of fourteen years, he anthat he had house, father's his his father and to nounced ment and doubt and faith sorrow and hope. and They

Christ, Jesus his Son, and with talked seen and God were liked men their have who would to go way own in life to live as other men and enjoy the privacy of until he was martyred, at the age of thirtyeight, June their homes and the love of their families, unmolested. 27, 1844.

And no doubt all of the prophets who have suffered Many things have changed in a hundred years: the

martyrdom could have avoided doing so if they had cut of our clothes, the conveniences of our daily lives, only let men go their own way without reminding them our mastery of material things—but men haven't

of their errors. But when, in response to divine comchanged. And lest we think it was easier in Joseph

mission, the prophets have announced to any generation Smith's day to live in accordance with truth, or to offer that the Lord was not pleased with them and their ways, one's life in defense thereof, we had best revise our they have invited trouble for themselves. On these thinking. The man who wouldn't be true now, wouldn't

matters the Prophet wrote: have been true then. Some of the Prophet's associates

were not. Most of them were. But, men of God though

November 6, 1835: I was this morning introduced to a they were, they were subject to all the ailments and

man from the East. After hearing my name, he remarked that temptations that beset the lives of men, and many fell

I this indicating but nothing a expression that man, was by in day. as our wayside, the even by that he the had supposed a person seen had Lord to whom is true is said Prophet, the of Smith, Joseph what And fit will, his to reveal something must than be more a man. He their in all prophets. stood out the own generaThey fell forgotten that the lips saying seemed the to have of of from

St. James, that Elias was a man subject to like passions as we tions and delivered the message which God commanded

are, yet he had such power with God that he, in answer to them to deliver, regardless of the cost, regardless of the his prayers, shut the heavens that they gave no rain for the fact that, had they been allowed to follow their own space of three years and six months; and again, in answer to feelings, they would rather have sat down in the circle

his prayer, the heavens gave forth rain, and the earth gave of their families, and lived to the normal age of man, is fruit. forth the Indeed, darkness such of ignorance and the generation. of their comforts enjoyed and own

it that as look incredible they that this generation upon a it hasn't years hasn't changed hundred men; A his intercourse should with have any Maker. man

it truth; hasn't the changed nature or changed purposes

Joseph Smith would have liked to live in his nineof evil. The same powers that sought to destroy the

teenth century America in peace, to see it develop, and work of the Lord a hundred years ago would still like to acquire for himself an estate in this life to enjoy with to destroy it, and his servants with it, and will never his family. But this was not his lot. The evidences of the restrain their hands from attempting to do so, as long as

struggles he went through, of the sorrows and heartthey have freedom to act according to their own desires.

aches, of the selfsacrifice, of the fears and the hopes, of The laborers are still few. The world is still to be

the gratitude for small favors, speak eloquently and, at brought to belief. Civilization is just as thin a veneer

times, pathetically out of his writings, and out of the as it was a hundred years ago, and the passions of men, history of his time. and the intolerance of men, and the persecutions of men

On one occasion when the Prophet was in financial still break out when they feel that they are strong distress he lists in his writing the names of some twentyenough to do so. And with a mind burdened with such

two people whose contributions, ranging from fifty thoughts Joseph Smith cried out: (Concluded on page 404)

384 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

potential godlike power. The individual progress of

mankind becomes the world's chief responsibility, and it that token, the greatest leads by attainable to same Evidences and joy. lies its strength in chain of a The weakest link; and

the greatness of a generation is determined by the inreconciliations dividual conditions of its people. The Lord has said it:

Remember the worth of souls is great in the sight of God;...

it so should labor be that in crying days you all your this Ixxix. <JJid /Joseph Jmltk Speak Andrepentanceif people, bring, unto save soul it be and one

unto me, how great shall be your joy with him in the kingdom to Jni5 <UJau i of my Father! (D. & C. 18:10, 15.)

is the Prophet's This to the presentworld's answer is unqualified "yes."this to question answer an rTTHE practicable. day future happiand The question—clear * is truth Smith taught of system Joseph by The rests of ness the of the recognition world of the true upon

it eternal nature. Therefore, must universal an and dignity of individual, each his present whatever man—of of any foresee help solve every problem and human lot be. the sake of prosperity, For peace may the and

it so, gospel, restored the day. not was which Were rulers of nations profitably might this place message

its incomplete, fulness, the in be through Prophet would latterday the through their Prophet, upon desks and insufficient to serve man's every need. daily reading. for

universality comof Forgetfulness Joseph's of the To those who have ears, Joseph Smith speaks to our fail. led to falter mission a has and many man When day.—/. A. W.

arisen, his power, of has sought, he problems have own and unsuccessfully, to create or invent solutions, intruths looking the stead of unchangeable back upon XXX. Were If (eqroed r/eutrau Jsn

conditions, safely present to with L he might apply which victory. full assurance of Unwillingness to remember

that of revealed, eauen i? the business the day is to use and apply

constant truth to the issues of the day, lies at the botnpHE opinion is held by many members of the church tom of much of the world's confusion and unhappiness. A that because the negro was a neutral in the great

It would be a useful and happy exercise to select any council, held in the heavens before the foundations of problem, past or present, and to attempt to solve it with the earth were laid, he has been punished with a black the principles of the gospel. Rare, convincing results skin. There is no evidence, as far as found, to justify

would follow. this belief. On the other hand, there is ample evidence

The chief of the world's present issues is a good to support the church doctrine that all who have been example. In recent days, fomented by an unprecedented permitted to come upon this earth and take upon thempropaganda, is the political, social doctrine that a selves bodies, accepted the plan of salvation. Those

totalitarian government, one by dictatorship, is preferwho did not accept it were cast out and became the able to a democratic government, one by the people. angels of the evil one.

Even in free countries, many misguided, shallow thinkThe cause of the black skin of the negro is not known.

ers have fallen for the evil thought. They have observed A mark was placed upon Cain because of his sin. The

occasional errors, growing pains, ripples on the wave, negroes are supposed to be his descendants. Since these

in their democracy, and have failed to see the great people, themselves, did not commit Cain's sin, it is forward, upward movement, towards human welfare, very probable that in some way, unknown to us, the of peoples who are their own masters. distinction harks back to the preexistent

here is the Right issue. of crux the state.—/. A. W. in the looked upon so and mass be treated—thatShall people beis

dictatorship; or shall they be viewed as individuals, and

their individuality protected—that is democracy? "The tXXxL <U-)ld S7Le5u5 (L>ver lencorm

shape of things to come"will depend on the dominance in the world of one or the other of these views. %6m$ What is the answer to this query by the gospel re- p

stored by Joseph Smith the Prophet? Were he here, TThis question is probably occasioned by the statehe would give a threefold answer: ments made in the gospel according to John. In the

First: Every man is a person of immeasurable dignity. third chapter, verse 22, it is recorded that: "After these

He has a divine pedigree, extending into the dim eternithings came Jesus and his disciples into Judea; and there

ties before the earth was. His destiny, if he so wills, is he tarried with them, and baptized"; and in verse 26:

to progress eternally to a godlike stature. The genera- "They came unto John, and said unto him, Rabbi, he

tions of men on earth are gods in embryo. That gives that was with thee beyond Jordan, to whom thou bearest

them place, position, and rights, compelling our deep witness, behold, the same baptizeth, and all men come respect. to him."The impression is left that Jesus, himself, on

Second: Since man rises, with the aid of God, tothat occasion performed baptisms. In the next chapter,

wards his vast future by his own efforts, (and there verses 1 to 3, however, the explicit statement is made can be no growth otherwise), there must be no interthat Jesus did not, himself, perform baptisms: "When

ference with the operation of his will, whether to rise therefore the Lord knew how the Pharisees had heard or descend. He must remain a free agent, to make his that Jesus made and baptized more disciples than John,

own decisions. No one, however high or wise, must ( Though Jesus himself baptized not, but his disciples,

attempt to choose for him; others can only teach the He left Judea, and departed again into Galilee."

better way, if they have it. His salvation is strictly There is no recorded evidence that Jesus actually

individual. There is no place in such a plan for king or performed baptisms. He gave authority to his disciples

potentate, dictator or tyrant, to decide for the free to baptize, and no doubt often directed the ordinance.

agent. Throughout the whole system revealed through As the Leader of the group, the responsibility for the

Joseph Smith, runs the doctrine of individual salvation, acts of his followers was placed upon him, and in that won by each untrammeled free agent, a son of God. sense did he baptize. Nevertheless, all the acts of Jesus

Third: That places an illimitable value upon each are not recorded. He certainly had the right to perform

A, W. human soul. Each man must be looked upon as of baptisms if he so desired.—/.

JUNE, 1944 385 Homing

Much from Little self;food fromshe neverthe spoonmindsonwhenits wayhe tospillshis wethat sayworld"democracy."will probablyTheleadmotherstheir chilof

By Emma R. Smith mouth. She respects these attempts. It dren to build character from the little

would be, of course, far easier and things, just as mothers of today are doex- are always mothers all in the world, her ing, the people for of more A lthough enjoyable—for quicker—much*** for the betsituations substantial sense the him, perts in using most mothers but she knows have to dress and feed

terment of their children, never before that would be unfair. It would take of values. In their visioning of great

have they so utilized opportunities for away his chance at selfservice—one achievements they are fully aware of

morale building as they are doing toof the most important factors of morale. the importance of the small immediate

day. For versatility, courage, and just Even when he asks, a little later, "What happenings.

plain common sense, they are unequalled shall I play now, Mommy?"She anin these trying times. They recognize swers, "It's such fun to choose for

the new needs of their children from the yourself!"So the mother who shows

baby in the cradle to the young man in the child how to do things for himself, Cook's Corner soldier's uniform. They see, too, how and then keeps hands off, is at her imto use the present situation to develop portant task of building morale from

new attitudes, adjust to new ways of little things. Josephine B. Nichols

living, as well as to keep the children High morale implies true courage, and closer than ever to the eternal verities. that's not grown in a day, even in ordiFATHER'S DAY RECIPES

The most wonderful thing about mothnary times. The need of courage is

Roast Lamb Shoulderers, and now with vegetables surroundedgetting from much always,little—theiris their skillapprein thegreaterchildtodayto bethancourageous,ever before.a Tomothertrain

ciation of the seemingly unimportant must be able to discriminate between 3 or 5 pounds boned rolled shoulder lamb salt 1 tablespoon for life situations learning as inthings fear that of the kind is useful—helping pepper teaspoon 34children. its possessor from to save danger—and butter or margarine tablespoons 2 together in piecing a few only It's not injurious kind him the which makes jelly cup currant ]/2 of to inefficient. is fear new pair a weepatches make There and cowardly vinegar tablespoons 2

breeches, or making a whole "party"of the unknown or the not well underYl teaspoon dry mustardout of a plate of cookies and a pitcher stood—bombings, air raids, invasion. Rub roast with salt and pepper. Place on

of lemonade. Mothers use the small inIn this kind the mother must act. to prerack in pan. Roast uncovered in 325 F.

tangible things, too, the ordinary hapserve the emotional health of the child. oven for 35 minutes per pound. During last

sauce, barbecue frequently with baste hour "tall"it the is live to wellday, of grow every of uspenings today most The way jelly, butter currant melting and by made faith, steadcourage, to impossible nigh fromthings—integrity, keep news war addiServe mustard. dry vinegar and add

it if of desirablefastness, sum children, consider even we is independence—the done, roast roast. tional with sauce When matter call what morale. gives so. courto them mother dowhich No we The with platter surrounded large hot place onmothers believe morale to be—spiritual age by telling them the truth and exnew string beans and buttered new potatoes.

fortitude, or confidence in the "team,"plaining so that they will understand or the response of an individual to the what to do. If we carry out the plans Turnips and Carrot Slaw

best that is in him—whatever the defour country makes for us, we shall be 3 cups grated new turnips

inition, every mother is busy every hour warned in time to reach shelter. If we \]/2 cups grated young carrots

of the day seeing that every little boy follow directions, we will promote safecup mayonnaise sour cream cup y little is building girl to specific ty. things of hers children Teaching everyand

salt teaspoon Yi living. fortifies their in of coureveryday an out emergencymorale do Do teaspoon mustard dry 34 their carry a their brows, knit raises morale. agethese mothers and pickle cup chopped 34

big stick, wear a serious expression, Danger is not the only thing that is lettuce wrinkle their faces with anxiety? They hard to face. Change is sometimes exMix turnips and carrots. Combine, maydo not! The best of them are so eager tremely difficult to accept. A young man onnaise, sour cream, salt, mustard, and

for their children's happiness that child who has always lived in a comfortable pickles. Toss vegetables and dressing totraining is their joy. Many of them carhome where everything was managed gether lightly. Serve on lettuce.

among awayry a sense of humor tucked up, might from childhood for him find it Glazed Orange Biscuits responsibilities. anytheir Hardly to adjust to an environment where of hard

2 flour biscuit cups Globe "Al"into are doing they put whatthem If, is child, entirely his as he own. a on

evaporated milk cup 34 other or essenany walkingwords. As is his for responsible taught to be he water cup 34 thetial automatic, so activity becomes leisure well as time own tablespoons rind 4 grated orange behavior—in morale of andbusiness motherhood in will as meet new work cup sugar time—he Y2 to the nature secondbuilding becomes situations tension competently, without butter or melted margarine

all is surest of shemother. And things or unhappiness. liquid, biscuit the mix flour add To the

little it things. up ofabout it that is made 1 So, thoroughly minute; shape mothers everywhere, who are, well. Knead

The mother's attitude toward her consciously or unconsciously, building dough into small balls. Roll in butter and

child is the most important factor in the morale of their boys and girls out then in combined orange and sugar, until building his morale. Being a mother, of the small things of today, are laying well coated; place two balls in each greased

she loves, of course, to do things for her sure foundations for the important mediumsized425 F. 15 tomuffin20 minutespan. Bakeor untilin hotgoldenoven

little one. She enjoys feeding him and structure of their world—the world of brown. Serve hot.

dressing him and bathing him. Yet, even tomorrow; which will be vastly differfor the great satisfaction of caring for ent from that of today. It will be a Strawberry Victory Cake

him, she will not deprive him of opworld where neither riches nor power shortening cup all sure, ]/2 out to practice canportunities be these doing crowd worth, we may salt teaspoon Y2 is for the generation being his taught for himself. holdthings new She lets him

1 vanilla teaspoon own milk cup the minute he makes even the meaning of equality and justice, free- 1 cup sugar a feeble effort; she encourages him dom and opportunity, and all the tangi- 2 eggs

when he tries to dress and undress himble and intangible things we mean when 2 cups sifted cake flour 386 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 2 teaspoons baking powder cup milk 24 is made by shortening, salt and vanilla. /cwqct s&yz Durkee's Margarine Combine

Add sugar gradually, and cream until light an improved process which and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beatchurns the pure vegetable oils

Sift addition.ing thoroughly after each flour right in with the fresh pasteursmall together, add baking powderand

amount of flour to creamed mixture, alterized skim milk. IN foods and

addiafter each milk, beatingnately with them, you'll love the flavor wellON intotion until smooth. Pour batter

greased ring mold. Bake in moderately hot of Durkee's Troco Margarine!

oven (375 F.) 25 minutes. When cool,

fill center and around outside edge with SPREAD.. COOK.. BAKE.. FRY

sweetened fresh strawberries, or fill center with vanilla ice cream and pile berries around outside edge. OneFoodsofrecommendthe Basic 7

Refrigerator Vanilla Ice Cream edtritionin theFoodU. S.Rules.Nu-

1 "Junket"Rennet tablet 1 tablespoon cold water 2 cups light cream x/2 cup sugar 114 teaspoons vanilla Dissolve "Junket"Rennet tablet in cold water. Warm cream, sugar, and vanilla to

lukewarm (not hot), stirring constantly.

Remove at once from heat. Add dissolved

tablet and stir quickly for a few seconds only. Pour at once, while still liquid into

refrigerator tray. Let set until firm, about

10 minutes. Place in freezing compartment.

Freeze until firm. Remove from tray to a

bowl, break up with a fork, beat until free from hard lumps, return to refrigerator and finish freezing.

Haidy Hints

Payment for Handy Hints used will be one dollar upon publication. In the event

that two with the same idea are submitted, the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration.

When the doctor adds an egg yolk a day to baby's diet, you need not discard the whites. Separate the egg and poach the

yolk only for baby, then store the white in a tightly covered jar or dish in the refrigerator. It will keep indefinitely so that you >)

have on hand plenty of egg whites for Uh white cakes or meringue for pies and puddings. If you give the baby hardcooked

egg yolk, chop the white and add to a l

vegetablesalad dressing,salad.—Mrs.sandwichM.spreadsM., Yuma,or to Ariany f**"i* woe **

zona.

Try substituting one cup of heavy cream in place of the salt pork when preparing

deliciousbaked beans.flavor.—Mrs.Your familyM. D.,willSt.enjoyGeorge,the *****"*** * i arc***'

Utah.

When a needle becomes rusty, it may be **"fsoY 'a Lei's drink a cop ofcleaned by sticking it into a flannel that has anO*>*eY goodness now.

been saturated with machine oil. B. H.,

Los Angeles.

To clean gooseberries for canning, place them in a heavy sack, about a gallon at atime, and rub lightly over a washboard. All A R UNCIO N UllfO I A

of the blossoms and stems can then be blown or washed out.—Mrs. D. F. M.,

Gardiner, Montana.

During cold weather on washday I warm my clothes pins in a large pan on heater or in oven before hanging clothes. It helps The ERA Keeps in Touch

thekeep hands warm.—Mrs. M. A., Cleve'With Them Idaho.land,

To sharpen a blunt sewing machine Wherever They Go it of sandneedle, through a piece punch it is B.. sharp. Bea12 issues $2.00 Mrs. E. B.paper until

zer, Alberta, Canada.

IUNE, 1944 387

banks of America. As of November Just Good Horse Sense 1943, bank deposits in cities under

leading population 15,000 in twenty Agriculprepared items by the CAN YOU {Short states agricultural of 322 percent were tural Finance Section of the War 192429 average. the the Division Treasury of

SHELL a BUSHEL Department) to for farmers income American "VJet his all of spends farmer warwho THhe * million dollars about 1 943 two was * is himself out spending time income If this 1942. greater than were money

he'll of have business. war, the After

it in long bonds put a would war go PtflS Of reto replace with cash which and no financial insuring future the toward way buildings pair depleted equipment and IN LESS THAN stability agriculture. of

lO MINUTES? by years of hard war food production.

XTot all of today's farm income is Forest Trees for Farm Planting * profit. Much of it represents worntrees"state the "plant program, a more can't that buildings out equipment and IN

the of cooperating Utah, with United shortbecause replaced of wartime be of Agriculture States through Department is not ages. depreciation fund But this the the School Service Extension and Utah savings—to actually save, more money of Forestry of the Utah State Agricultural

should be invested in war bonds. College, furnishes young trees for farm

softwoods—Easternplanting in Utah at nominalRed Cedar,prices:Ponderosaamong Duy war bonds now and make cerPine, and Blue Spruce; among hardwoods

** tain that you are in a buying posiGreen Ash, Siberian Elm, Black Locust, tion when the war is over and goods and Honey Locust, Russian Olive, Siberian Pea

Poplar, and Black Walnut, Lombardy services available at peaceTree, again are to priced Trees, from Willow. one Golden prices. peacetime time values and dollars farm hundred, a be used must on two

# + * in for windbreak, land woodlot, Utah and shelterbelt purposes. is lost, stolen deor or Tf a war bond service, for this lowcost be eligible To * serial the stroyed, just report numabide the of planting stock purchaser must

ber, date, and value to the Treasury and by certain conditions prescribed as the you'll get another without charge. terms of the cooperative agreement outlined

in Forestry Circular No. 15, obtainable from

} 1 here is money for war bond purculturalthe SchoolCollege,of Forestry,Logan, Utah,Utah toStatewhichAgriall chases in the small town and rural inquiries should be addressed.

WESTERN MIGRATION

(Continued from page 382) also the best policy for this people to adopt their rights and from the nation obtain to country. that mountain of all an exploration

and chilfor themselves protection insure to best be to go direct it would Perhaps in the resting place secure a to dren; and Fe. Santa

region, uninhabited or mountains, some I shall said, "Gentlemen, D....Watt George

of liberty conthe enjoy can where we Kelting, A. Bent, Joseph Samuel You Can With a go."precious the to science us guaranteed by Daniel Emmett, Fullmer, James David

to fathers, us of denied our and by blood Rolfe, and Daniel Avery, Spencer, Samuel smuggled present authorities, have who go. the to volunteered Samuel W. DEAN States in the and themselves into power interan home. Saturday, Had Richards,24—At Nation. o'clock. at nine Phelps with Brother view AUTOMATIC

Fielding, Charles Palmer, Seth Amos official in the notations following The volunteered S. Fullmer and John Shumway, PEA SHELLER of evidence are of the church records California.* to and go to Oregon Hotels. for time saver and labor A great the subanxiety Smith's about Joseph

Hospitals, Halls. Clubs Canneries. Mess such of appearance frequent The ject:

etc. large Restaurants, Making and in the church following it notations the as

to year possible the peas green have his Excel- I to memorial prepared got a the of popularity the indicate records round. of the Tyler, President the lency John to the migration contemplated West

it in the States, same embodying United Including

Price i/2 H.P. Ira S. Miles volunteered to join the mounsentiments as are in my Petition to the

Electric Complete >225 Motor tainAlmonexploringL. Fullmerexpedition.and Hosea(Monday,Stout26.)volSenateUnited andStates,Housedatedof 26thRepresentativesMarch, 1844,ofaskthe

F.O.B. Salt Lake City, Utah unteered to go on the Western Exploring ing the privilege of raising 100,000 men to

27.) (Tuesday, to setExpedition. to persons wishing protection extend projects. for individual or Ideal group

tervolunteered to join of the Edwards portions Thomas E. and other tle Oregon for lineshaft or attachments Special

other power. the exploring expedition to the Rocky mounritory of the United States, and extend

28.) of the protection Texas. (Wednesday, people Only a limited number of machines tains.

fine day. Sunday, available to31—Cold, letters arrived time in Nauvoo At this I nine, until morning when home At

Miller and George from Wight Lyman heard to again readingroom, over went thismy Dean's Mechanical relative to establishing the headquarters read and signed my memorial to Congress and Chemical ofceivingthe churchthis informationin Texas. theSoonProphetafter orre- unteersfor the toprivilegeprotect Texas,of raisingOregon,100,0006c, datedvolResearch ganizedtwentythreea specialprominentcouncilleadersconsistingfor theof 26thPresidentinstant;for theand samealso purpose,a memorialif thetootherthe

126 W. 4TH NORTH following purpose: fails.Also signed an introductory letter to

Salt Lake City 3, Utah To take into consideration the subject Elder Orson Hyde, who is going to carry matter contained in the above letters, and the memorials to Washington.8

Phone 4-4672 'Ibid.. 224 'Ibid., p. 281

388 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Western Migration

Mr. John Wentworth of Chicago

presented this memorial to the House of

Representatives where it received much publicity.

After Orson Hyde became well acquainted with the congressional reaction to this memorial he wrote the following letter to Joseph Smith

Washington, April 26, 1844 We were last evening introduced to President John Tyler at the White House by the politeness of Major Semple, where we spent an hour very agreeably. The president is a very plain, homespun, familiar,

farmerlike man. He spoke of our troubles

in Missouri and regretted that we had met with such treatment. He asked how we

were getting along in Illinois. I told him

that we were contending with the difficulties of a new country, and laboring under the disadvantageous consequence of being driven from our property and homes in Missouri.We have this day had a long conversation with Judge Douglas. He is ripe for

Oregon and California....

Judge Douglas says he would equally as soon go to that country without an act of congress as with, and that in five years a noble state might be formed....

In case of a removal to that country,

Nauvoo is the place of general rendezvous.

Our course from thence would be westward through Iowa, bearing a little north, untilwe come to the Missouri River, leaving the An open box of Glade's famed Chocolates is state of Missouri on the left, thence onward till we come to the Platte, thence up the north fork of the Platte to the mouth of

Sweet Water River in long. 107 45"west, cordially welcomed in any company.. As a gift

and thence up said Sweet Water River to the south pass of the Rocky Mountains about eleven hundred miles from Nauvoo, and from said south pass in latitude 42* from a man to a girl, it's a sentimental triumph!

degrees 28"north to the Umqua and Clamet valleys in Oregon bordering on California is about 600 miles, making the distance from

Nauvoo to the best portions of Oregon 1700 miles IF IT'S GLADE'S IT'S GOOD

Judge Douglas has given me a map of

Oregon, and also a report on an exploration of the country lying between the Missouri

River and the Rocky Mountains on the line of the Kansas, and great Platte rivers, by

Lieut. J. C. Fremont of the corps of topographical engineers. On receiving it, I expressed a wish that Mr. Smith could see it,

it is document, says Douglas a publicJudge CHOCOLATES his it to him. will frank I acceptedand I

offer, and the book will be forthcoming to GIAOE CANDY COMPANY. SAIT LAKE CITY, UTAi

him. The people are so eager for it here,

that they have even stolen it out of the library. The author is Mr. Benton's sonin-

law. Judge Douglas borrowed it of Mr.

Benton. I was not to tell anyone in this

city where I got it. The book is a most valuable document to anyone contemplating a

journey to Oregon. The directions which I

correct, given nothave be exactly may but AMERICAN FINEST OVERALL tell will correctly.the book Douglas Judge

says he can direct Mr. Smith to several SINCE 1853

gentlemen in California who will be able to give him any information on the state of affairs in that country, and when he returnsto Illinois he will visit Mr. Smith.... there's a reason-

I shall soon, write again and let you know like LEVI'S!

restrictions, laid are if any, our No others FITwhat upon citizens in relation to passing through Indian territories.

A few days later Orson Hyde wrote XEVJ stuaus* A NEW PAIR FREE the following message to Joseph Smith IF THEY RIP

Washington, April 30, 1844 It is now reduced to a certainty, that scratch CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS

Texas will not be admitted into our union,

JUNE, 1944 389.

WESTERN MIGRATION

(Concluded from page 389) ing their removal to the Rocky Mounat present, for Messrs. Clay and Van Buren tains. He told President George Q. Canan- to the adverse a stand taken both have

to our Republic territory that of nexation in nonoccasionand inJosephhis presenceF. Smith that on one

This yesterday. here received letters their

has given an additional radiance of hope to The Prophet Joseph mapped out on the a Hall in Nauvoo Masonic the floor Vanites in the smitten but has men, the Clay the Great Salt other of he called what of talk diagram confusion. They wild with

candidates. They want someone who will Lake Basin or Valley, and said that the

go for Texas and Oregon.... Latterday Saints would go there. The

Judge Douglas, who is full of familiarity course of travel was mapped out, which and goodwill, proposes to visit Mr. Smith afterwards was the route taken by President

on his return to Illinois upon the subject of Brigham Young and the Pioneers. He did

Oregon, Texas and California. Major Semnot remember the exact date of this prophple thinks of doing the same also. Oregon ecy, but as the Masonic Hall was not built

is a good way off, and is not a very good until 1843, it must have been after that country when you arrive there. I have read date.*

something of its history since I left, and that record historical gentlemen of matter with conversed is a also have who IT upon intax [hardship] there. Smith The have been 1844, 22, Hyrum on June

there, in removing children and comthat women "a Cahoon Reynolds formed... indeed. severe very would be kill to seeking my of men are pany * * *

has the Lord and Joseph, the brother, returned from just has Pratt Brother flee the to MounRocky to him warned Semple that Major informs me and Senate tains."today, memorial Oregon your read not has into our vegetables, popped Crisp, plump prepAtchison soon made General and Hyrum But expected. Joseph as was Rancho fields—make the fresh kettles from country that to Mississippi bill respecting the his crossing to costs that for freight aration so good... lower moved soup taste

on the here farmkitchens of day order special our the from grocer your comcould be they made safety where of place a cost you soup sent Rancho bill make have in the West, latter we next. This Monday hasty secret for and plans a their plete always hearty soup less. for wholesome, So print. in ago days some you waitthe While West. retreat toward this matin juggling is there no hope We the across take skiff them to for ing a it. upon eye shall an ter, keep and to Phelps instructed river they W. to W. wishes best his sends Pratt Brother FOR REACH 8 Ohio. Cincinnati, to families their take before, all. As you Hyde Orson

Joseph then added this final instruction:

martyrdom, the before time tell we what them A short wives, and to our Go following the received feeltheir Smith learn Joseph do, to and concluded kinds 5 deliciousRANCHO will in tell Texas, you subject; and a realtor Emma from the which haveings on Pea Asparagus letter ChickenNoodle VegetableTomato steamboat, impressecond the the start by to was widespread ready be shows how

to wherewith sufficient money has she leaders were at and the that Mormon sion ascertain by toIf you expenses. the pay from exodus an considering time that is anything there that morning morrow Nauvoo: to Montrose, to river over the come wrong,

Republic of Texas, the house of Captain John Killien, and there

Sir: Galveston County, June 3, 1844 you will learn where we are.*

is to a make addressing you in object cross to these My men were anxious So your receive I hope may which proposition had they warning the heed river and sale for a the I have consideration. serious disold an borrowed they that received, 33* extending latitude in lying land tract of for longer of waiting instead boat abled trinity the to almost River the Red from

in river the crossed one, and better a leagues. sixty containing

* * * the night. Orrin Porter Rockwell rowed

oppress, to bigot with, no contend instructed to tion Joseph morning next The crush to you power overwhelming get no and to return Nauvoo to in Rockwell the to field open a but new infancy, your journey the long for supplies horses and PAINTS In Texas you will find no dense populathe skiff. free yet as pioneer, oppressive enterprising that requested It was the West. toward exsuperstition, favored opby of needs civilized y\LWAYS the from river the across taken this be equipment would hand every pride where and pression the for users perienced ready be "and.. darkness of cover under friendship. in to you extended be

protection and adornment of I will not trespass longer upon your time, to start for the Great Basin in the Rocky of subject worthy the not deem you Mountains."exshould and all surfaces—interior wasted already I shall have consideration. greatly wife became Prophet's The for use Specially reading. terior. made writing and you in in time sufficient retreat and hasty about this alarmed I light it favorable in a regard Should you region. Intermountain in the to entreating Joseph sent a messenger of the transcript a with furnish will you

that he told proposition. to return Nauvoo. When a definite you make and OF titles, HUNDREDS Galveston City, is he resolved Galveston of cowardice address accused was My EXCLUSIVE EXQUISITE. of in care John D. trial Texas, of for Republic Co., surrender to to return Nauvoo,

SHADES AND TINTS Groishick. at Carthage, and go like a lamb to the

etc. be yours,

1 slaughter. color you I have the honor to the exactly You get H. Walton John Though Joseph Smith never lived to decorative to fit any want

scheme. Another striking bit of evidence in lead his people into the West, he had

this connection is the following: At long entertained the thought that NauBENNETT GLASS & theCity Jubileein 1897 celebrationBrother Stephenin SaltH. GodLake vootion wasalongbut thea temporarytrail of waysidedestiny thatstadistant the West toward restretched 1847, of pioneers the of dard, one PAINT COMPANY mighty a would become they where distinctly remembered that he lated First South SS West of the Mounmidst in the Rocky people Smith the Prophet Joseph heard having and Dealers in Branches at Bennett and

tains. concernto the Saints give instructions Idaho and Utah

1897 History. July 26. April 26 and 30, 1844 journal History. and ZCMI Paint Dept. Journal

VI:547 History of the Church. 4, 1844 ''Ibid.. June

390 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA News From The Cam

c/o Fit. P. O.. S. F., Calif. All that a soul may give, he gave

Dearest Mother: Of bravery and youth.

to save he fought a word and truth.Just Honor and love

miss you. Myto tellonlyyouworrythat isI lovethat youand Unfailingly

will worry about me. Mentally and physiTho'earth itself shall pass away,

cally I feel fine. Morally I truly believe that And sun and universe bear the pain So Fresh

I am getting stronger every day. I have These things for which he fought will stay,

some and have to think time ofplenty of And he shall not have died in vain. So Smooth

fingermaterial reading at my ofthe best prayers our thattips. God answers I know

mine. The So Good certainly answered he hasbecause

night before one of our engagements I lay Anzio Beachhead, Italy jungle of darkness pitchblack myin the with group a to meet pleasure was my the fearing in IT a and way worryingfoxhole the 2, 1944, on April of on L.D.S. men divine for fervently I prayed dawn.coming servfirst Mormon Anzio Beachhead—the asfeeling and the morrowprotection on these of men here. held to ice be Most restinto most a dropped of suchsured beginning the here from been have next the actions sleep. peaceful ful and offMy first have waves. They in the landing the "He's this remark, forth broughtday from occasions and death faced on many life on up a charmed bore say theyguy they've gone say experience, can personal recin a resulted Also Ridge."bitter the as rimes "Hell"through many Frankly, Star. Silver the forommendation ensued. the They beachhead to save struggle I afraid, because I wasn't I that say can with undaunted battles these through came I about. I to worry nothing that hadknew their in deep prayer sincere faith and a answered. So being prayers wereknew my done."will "Do be thy "Father, hearts, Mother. me, about worry don't you follow,"let is right, the consequences what

All my love, is their guiding principle.

Morse At the opening of the meeting renewed (Capt. M. L. Holladay, U.S.M.C.) vigorphraseandof thecourageopeningcamehymn,to us "Come,with thecomefirst 'iVMmmi**,

labor fear"; Saints, nor no toil ye the SpirONE OF DURXEES FAMOUS FOODS manifested. strongly was it of the Lord

periods at irregular services the During fZuoUUf *#i$6e4t range 'pomoxd fin long Express,"German the "Anzio 1 857 SINCE threatenwith its artillery, overhead whined ing bursts not too far distant.

Sincerely, LT. ELLA MATSON, Albert E. Huber

A.N.C., CAMP ADAIR, ORE., Kbu Picture

DAUGHTER OF MR. AND MRS. Dear Friends: UTAH

A. M. MATSOI

contention this of strife and time D'uring will put his JfyA&oys} need someone who we all arm around us and lead us on the path of righteousness. I think that all Latterday

Saints should know that when they are in the service there is only one to put that arm around him, and that is our Father who

AN ARMY NURSE'S PRAYER dwells in heaven. We no longer have a

loving mother or father, brother or sister,

By Lt. E. Matson, A.N.C. wife or child, near us to give us aid. It is

letters help very that all receive true we Camp Adair, Oregon there but worry, us from in keeping much is I hink of our state without highways—

the aid give us actually can one only who trucks, without cars, or carryor buses courage, me O God, Give of. in need are so much ing soldiers we busiand workers, or war theirs with strength match my To travelers. ness the need see should nation American The trod they paths the understand To camps liquor from of army abolition the of fears. troubled their take calm excellent for our roads And We his duties with a carry on can so each man granted, but just don't grow. highways

Help me to smile on darkened day clear and unwavered mind. For them we can thank our state govpower. unfailing thy of teach our women young To and young men State and our Our Highway Comthey suffering in the to standards when true if And hold they can come to pray today, the you, taxpayer. ernmentmission—and bower. holy in thy them, Enfold before set plainly been so that have

too, Lines, Overland Greyhound pay in them. for store blessings so many have license, fuel operating and but facts before those taxes—realize only If could they feel is that greatest our service in we rest the I with will along late. it is be too all putting the to for highways work that and each prayers diligent in of you my travel, neighbors near must making who PRAYER SOLDIER'S to A will power more have us of one every the of all neighbors and good communiminds clear with problem day's each meet ties state. serve this throughout we T. Johnson Pvt. Harvey By living are that we knowledge a with and

before I kneel God, thee now cleanlive. lives as our Father Dear would want us to OVERLAND

of thee: thing ask one Sincerely, To

Preserve my dedicate To mylifelifethatto Ithee.might live A. B. Palmer EYHOUNDlfJSf

the in with brother me a have Operated by see if never I should P.S.—I grant Or to us helped has the Lord and service be INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES wife, a son, a home, A our have could so other we each to close say of me will always men That other. each with comforts prayers and won. and fought has love His

JUNE, 1944

Melchizedek Priesthood

PRIESTHOOD FIELDING MELCHIZEDEK COMMITTEECONDUCTED OF COUNCIL SMITH, BY THE OF THE THE TWELVE—JOSEPH

G. A. CALLIS, CHARLES CHAIRMAN; CLIFFORD EZRA T. BENSON, HAROLD B. LEE, ROMNEY, MARION THOMAS E. MCKAY,

E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, NICHOLAS G. SMITH, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS, RUFUS K. HARDY

This is in harmony with the divine sent, turned to one of the visiting brethtfla&A. Qn&JUiwdtiwL commandment declared by the Lord on ren and remarked, "Just look at all those

Sinai, "Honor thy father and thy mothpeople; they are certainly enjoying

Good Teaching er, that thy days may be long upon the themselves. I believe that not one per-

/\ne of the objectives for the quorums land which the Lord thy God giveth son of that crowd has an evil thought in affection should Natural love and his head."set forth in thee."as of the priesthood us to render induce of our to members Certainly this points the way to Government,Priesthood and Church

page 160, is "to become better acown families the assistance they need, thwarting those plans that Satan has for quainted, through careful study, with insofar as lies within our power. drawing the children of men into evil

the doctrines of the gospel and their This principle should be clearly unways. Wholesome, absorbing recreaapplication to life."derstood and put into practice by each tion will eliminate the desire to particiIn giving direction to class instructors member of every priesthood quorum. pate in those activities which destroy

Priesthood personal welfare quorum the person. build rather than a With this objective groupsof and quorums

will find committees inwill leisure ample opportunibe of summer, advent inthe that onlysuggests should not ties this for projects in accomplishing greatwill there creased; even and be an careful give the substructor study to

end. social the the part of comon er needject of the church doctrines matter and

but he should also be familiar with the mittee of the priesthood to plan for members of his class. He should know, more and better parties so that the

as far as it is possible for a teacher to priesthood members may be kept in a recent priesthood social, everyrecreation. wholesome At possibilities mental and limknow, the ** time, one Social committee, an enjoyable lay your plans carewas having of theitations of his class and members

adjust his presentation to their capacity. playing games, conversing, and socializfully and completely for an enjoyable

The Savior was a great exemplar of ing generally. One of the women presummer full of recreational activity.

this. He knew his disciples and their

capacity to understand, and humble fishermen though many of them were, he Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, August, 1944 instructed them in terms that they could Text: The Gospel Kingdom: Selections from the

understand. Writings and Discourses of John Taylor

A wise teacher knows that "the letter killeth, but the Spirit giveth life"; that LESSON 29 LESSONS 3132

itweis makenot alwaysmen feel.whatStanleywe sayHallbut whatonce The Purpose and Plan of the Gospel TheText:Dispensationpp. 101108.of theTopics:GospelOutline of

said, "Whether other people really Text: pp. 9599. Topics: The Purpose the Dispensations. Role of the Father and

teach us anything is a question, but they and the Plan. Good and Evil in the World's the Son. Insights into the Adamic Period.

do sometimes give us impulses which History. The Law of Testing. Adam and The City of Enoch. Noah and the Antethe Atoneand the and Law. The Law Eve the diluvians. Atonement. recognized Noah for ourselves."out us findmake

Sacrifice. of Principle Powment. The The (Posterity Priesthood). and Abraham, The is in teacher that and a leader, A Destruction Striving ers with Men. The of the Practices of Religious and Moses of Lawleadership as inspires confidence he and the Wicked. Dispensation. Nephites. Christian The The desire to alsoa is he know, a good of the of Fulness Dispensation Times. The principles were Discuss: Whatteacher. of Salvation Final Man. this earth? of in the organization was Whyinvolved

this earth created? What agencies has man Suggestion: A certain value is to be had

{P&MonoL OJsdfynhsL hadhistory?to meetCouldandmencontendbe testedwithwithoutthroughouta law? inever,digestingthis mayall thisbe donematerialin asonea unit.or twoHowles-

is suggested Make"Am I My Brother's Keeper?"necessary?What was Why,the law?on Whyoccasion,was doesan atonementGod personswhereastheindicated.class is Onebehindlessonschedule.

Tn this column in the April Era was mit the destruction of his creatures? Could clear again the concepts brought out in

rethe that gospel 27, 26, 28, Lessons was the in of view be otherwise and God, do he the* discussed the "In commandment, it its first in fulness; the that to vealed is men free of agency? doctrine What Mormon shalt eat face bread, of thy thousweat is "eternal."man's guide gospel? of the the purpose (To

till return the ground."unto thou Every

is agency?) Is "dispensation"? Discuss: a a What

his extent of to the member,quorum of the "dispensation gospel"an eyedropper powers, should comply with this law. LESSON 30 full, a bucketful, or the whole gospel? How

There are, however, instances where, may one dispensation compare with another?

for reasons beyond their control, people The Role and Reality of Satan Does the dispensation of "the fulness of that that in dispensation times"only mean living. their Satanic Insofar as 99101. Topics: earncannot Text: The pp. may

fulness available to the of gospel a was Lucifer's Against Rebellion God. possible, such shouldbe be Effort. persons

it light does mankind? mean? What What the Devil be Devil. Influence. Will The for their families. ofcared by members topic, the the Antediludoes and "Noah Saved? is into obligation the writtenThis Utah vians,"of the the necesproblem throw on

law in these words Discuss: Is there a devil? Who is he, sity of Satan and the questions asked in the

what does he do, and what is his purpose? last lesson? Who are some of Abraham's

Every poor person who shall be unable to Has his purpose prevailed in the earth? posterity? How did Abraham obtain the

in livelihoodearn a of consequence minister priesthood? any a Protestant Supposing rebellion? of Satan's the nature was What

infirmity,bodily idiocy, or other lunacy, this unread should and paragraph 105) (p. free agency? Satan 100.) have p. (See Does

shall cause, theavoidable supported the in the declare priesthood obtained be he by that of "order the Satan was God"Whatfather, grandfathers, mother, grandmothers, as same Abraham, what would you way devil tried to necessubvert? 101.) Is a (p.children, grandchildren, sisters brothers for p. ordination say? 104 and (See Abraham's

of such poor person if they or any of them sary in the gospel plan? Could you have a by Melchizedek.) Is it reasonable to exbe of sufficient ability. (91-0-1 Utah Code gospel without a devil? Could free agency pect future revelations concerning the final

Annotated, 1943, Vol. 5, p. 344.) exist? salvation of man?

392 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO NOTICE TO ALL WARDS AND STAKES

COLUMN Conducted by emorial S>eruice6 for dune 25, 1944 Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

In Commemoration of the Martyrdom of the Prophet Joseph and

Effects of Alcohol Patriarch Hyrum Smith at Carthage, Illinois, June 27, 1844.

P\r. Haven Emerson of Columbia

** University, New York, is recogTune 27, 1944, will be one hundred years from the day of the martyrdom nized as one of the best authorities in of the Prophet Joseph Smith and his brother, the Patriarch Hyrum Smith.

the world on the effects of alcohol on It has been considered very fitting that memorial services in commemoration man. In one of his books on the subof this sad, but very significant, event, be held throughout the church. There

ject, Alcohol, Its Effects on Man, he will be no central gathering in any of the stakes or missions of the church, says in the preface among other things: but it is recommended that services be held in each of the wards and that the

outlined exercises of carried program be through on Sunday, June 25, 1944, selfcontrol, will, impairs reason, Alcohol nearest to Sabbath the date the martyrdom. of... the endurance. physical skill andjudgment,

It is a frequent destroyer of health, happiIn branches of the church, both within the stakes and in various mission ness and mental stability.... It constitutes fields, this outline may be modified according to local conditions.

an important community health problem. In the stakes where quarterly conferences will be held June 25, 1944, it

On page 82 of the book we read: ofis suggestedthe stake conference.that this program be made the feature of one of the sessions

The most successful artificial or drugThis is to all members of the church a most solemn occasion, but one is alcohol. excess sexual toexcitant More it filled significance, for to necessary great these since martyrs with became

syphilisinstances of gonorrhea and lives their for of their testimony the of in lay shedding blood Jesus by the down insexes sober of both goodyouths whose it testibinding world. the seal to that testimony upon Their and and make extramarital sexual to aretentions avoid

connection, have been due to alcoholic abuse mony which was thus sealed, now stands as a witness against all those who than to any other one cause.... Alcohol reject the truth which has been revealed; and they who reject it after it has

paralyzes the inhibitions, renders the physibeen brought to their attention, stand condemned and their sins are upon cal urges more obvious, disarms the critical their own heads.

faculty, and breaks down reasonableness The exercises for this memorial service are as follows blurs fineness of perceptionprudence, and taste without necessarily creating the state Singing: "We Thank Thee, O God, for a Prophet,"Fowler. Hymn Book

of intoxication. No. 298.

Prayer: civilized society strange that Is it not Singing: "Praise to the Man Who Communed with Jehovah,"Phelps. Hymn as beverages?legalizes drinks alcoholic No. 167. Book

The Chicago Meeting AdministrationSinging: "The ofSeer,"the sacramentTaylor. This to be a solo if a suitable soloist can be had,

There was a conference in Chicago otherwise the singing of a congregational hymn, such as "Come, Listen to a ProphApril 1213 that may, it is said, become et's Voice,""What Was Witnessed in the Heavens,"etc.

historic. Representatives of temperance "The Prophet's First Vision": Remarks by a teacher or a priest, 10 minutes

organizations, state and national, from Singing: "Joseph Smith's First Prayer,"Manwaring. Sunday School Song Book

41. page all to find there gathered over America appointed. Covenants, 135, Doctrine and Section by someone of Reading

if it orfeasible old to abandon were of Grief,"Montgomery. Book No. 23. Poor Wayfaring Singing: Man Hymn "A

ganizations such as the antisaloon "Joseph Smith the Prophet": A discourse by someone appointed by the presiding

league and form a new one under young, officer.

vigorous leadership that would give new Closing Hymn: "O Give Me Back My Prophet Dear,"Taylor. Hymn Book

life and unity to all the dry forces of No. 193, or "An Angel from On High."

America. As a result of the conference Benediction:

committees were appointed to study the It is suggested that notices be not presented at this service, if they can question and propose plans. possibly be avoided.

No Smoking in Busses In accordance with regulations of the

Public Utilities Commission of Idaho whom tobacco fumes are offensive? We be lowered. This is one of the most evil

there is now no smoking permitted in are willing that those who must shall influences in American life today. The habit

the public busses traveling on the highindulge, but what right have they to beharms a woman more than it does a man.

ways of that state. All nonsmokers foul the air that the rest of us must Dr. D. H. Kress of Washington, D.C.,

have cause to feel deeply thankful to breathe? an outstanding opponent of smoking

the commission. The lack of consideraalso wrote:

tion for nonsmoking fellow passengers Women and Smoking Smoking while harmful to young men, is

It dulls to and harmful women. more young fill air disthe with smokers whoby the main Perhaps men why It their nature. stupifies deentire moral of poisonous fumesagreeable and

.. toindulge spiritual in smoking discernment. the of stroys power everywhere—cars,reason regulations. in these resulted hasbacco etc., not is are Cigaretsmoking homemak- that restaurants, busses, women women

that public busses stop seemIt would rule, usually homebreakers. ers, as but a a to smoking. There taken was have

stepfrequently for to smokers enough.... is poison. both race For a. Tobacco not gentleman smoke would time a when

is giveoutide addicts indulgence reasonable to and wife smoking be and.man in lady. But the of a presence nowadays

pair to such destructive. Children a born habit. enslavingto

it feel that that they appears women born. been better never Anything have had further that learn the Los AnWetheir that anything liberty to the do have is is birth after child the injurious that to citygeles council recently to 31 voted do. Hence, smoke its many birth. it women men to injurious before equally prohibiting 1 to ordinance approve an their of this sign independone making

all street for the duration that smoking expectant smoking This an means on is for ence. and smoking But them bad

it is in city. her that before publiccars poisons busses babe Let mother and for race. the

it that willus public severely both handicapping hope so be born demand great that sooner or later the ordinance United States Surgeon General Hugh physically and mentally. Nature is kind.

will be made permanent. S. Cummings once wrote: Many such babies die within two years

In closed spaces smokers make secWhen women generally contract the of their birth. Should not everything

ondhand smokers of all others. Does smoking habit the entire nation will suffer. possible be done to save our girls from

this show consideration for those to The physical tone of the whole nation will the slavery of the smoking habit?

JUNE, 1944 393 Aaronic Priesthood wyyyyy; CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD BOY LEADERSHIP

COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY JULY, 1944 Gwwnic (Pajul&MwojcL talents, following the announceinformation. pertinent other and Immediately Text: BOYS TO WIN HOW

will sent to meeting bishops'special in be toll books the The new ment Boy's Social Chapter Nature * XIX: A received bishops, as covering as they are soon 8, April handbooks, of 1944,

Quotations from the Text: the details of the new program of the from the press. It is not necessary to file

1. You may berate the desire. You may adult members of the Aaronic priestan order /or them.

poohpooh at the idea of such an imhood, were mailed to stake and ward mature mentality. You may deem it leaders. These should now be in the New Monthly Report Books

class second tawdry. But even and in the Obviously, the changes prothis of with concerned those hands

still, cries tones: out, in loud youth very itself, for gram, the it necessary make program.

"I to place want go!"some introduction of it is and ward further new delay, any To avoid 2. plenty supply youth win one must To

feature report forms. monthly that the stake suggested comand ward stakeA special times! good of

3. Forever I recall the Christ's "Be ye mittee organizations be effected immewill be the counting as "active,"all

wise as serpents."For the serpents of diately, and that handbooks be placed adult members of the Aaronic priestthe devil's destructive crew are legion. at their disposal for their information hood who support the church in either

They wait behind every cocktail bar and guidance. If instructions are foltemporal or spiritual activities. The

that are society. caters to ready They gives handbook will, a complete and detailed closely, the new program

hall. at are lowed public every dance They this feature. account of effective in this acundoubtedly, be eagleeyed waiting at roadhouses. and

They are skilful enough to find a way tivity. New monthly report forms will be

into parties school high and many to stake mailed bishops chairmen and Roll Books New enter to boys'door of a any how know their receipt immediately the upon from

I fraternity. club or guessing. roll I'm not record entirely book and new An is It press. not necessary orto file an know! this in is for use being prepared now at this der office. I 4. the of Rotary heard once a member in features the Special program. new

for boys. Club he was Why

he so he Fourth of July claimsaid—last had rollin priesthoodinclude themeeting,tabulationcottageof activitiesmeeting, andTherewardis workersmuch to bearedonewaitingwhileforstakethe filled his automobile with poor boys

and had spent ten or twelve dollars on and other church activities. There are above supplies to be delivered. Ward

their entertainment. That was pretty also provided adequate space for the and stake committee organizations

much like presenting three doughnuts listing of assignments of committeeshould be effected immediately and as to the United States standing army. men and active members to visit the insuggested in the handbook. This will

And then saying, "Be ye well fed!"active, and spaces for recording the provide these new officers the opportuwill as lovers of boys, when When, nity the to carefully during month. of visits study number made the handbook

isn't that learn one kind kindness we living for from adequate for preparation any and Those the make home away isn't at that act giving Christmas? Or

full roll. in will the of promotion reason noted the be program new immebill a dollar Rally annual on Day? Or

that giving boys a wholesome churchIndividual record cards for adult diately upon receipt of the supplies.

directed social life is not a full party members of the Aaronic priesthood will These committees may very profitabout Halloween time? not be used in the new program. The ably hold several council meetings to

5. The point is your attitude toward this roll book will contain a provision for the insure their adequate and complete unneed. Boys shouldn't expect mature listing of each member's wife's name, derstanding of the details of the new

their slaves. to people be many Too in the family, hobprogram of children number as set forth in the new handfail here. cordial parents right But cobies, business, profession special book. or

in planoperation time thought and and <m ning and place are absolutely essential.

if I 6. Frankly, boy's not do own meet my the QhaUsmqjjnq. dhafuhu to in social needs humble our home

tune of welcoming his friends, giving him a place to have oldfashioned fun or enjoy a quiet conversation in comfort, or allow him to share the pantry shelf's "cold snacks"with his friends both young men and young women then I can never exonerate myself if he goes to a cafe that serves liquors and stresses them or to public and questionable resorts of all kinds. A very faulty

parent that I am, I have at least been this wise. 7. Now I want to ask the churches to

make churches and church institutions homes for boys! Not as slaves to boys

but as parents to boys. Not as a serious duty (though it is just that) but as

a pleasure and as a gesture of true friendship.

Helps for the Class Leader: AARONIC PRIESTHOOD MEMBERS, REXBURG SECOND WARD, REXBURG STAKE, HAVE 100%

1. Point out the need for a wellbalanced ATTENDANCE RECORD FOR 1943

Jolley. Hinckley, Charley Cook, Reed Stephensen, Donald Lyman, George Max to right: row, left Frontsocial for boys. program

Leatham, Lennis Muir. Peterson, Parlett two years Muir; Nelson, Robert Kenneth row: 100%; Back the leadership does ward boy 2. How years. for attendance taken. this picture present two Lennis a had was not services, was when armed 100%Golden the

assist in this detercommittee probnow in program seem priesthood They attended meeting these have far in young so men that It 100%. is reported 1944,

lem? mined to keep it up. This is an excellent record for one ward. Is there a ward which can better this record?

394 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ward Teaching

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

Aaronic Priesthood Celebration in Oakland, California WARD TEACHERS of the Oakland Ward duty is to watch oyer the church always, and be with and The teacher's 3, 1944, honored on March/akland Stake, them; prieststrengthen three of the Aaronicmembers

hood quorums of the ward with a turkey And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with dinner, sound movies and a dance in each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

commemoration of each of the quorums And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the receiving a Standard Quorum Award in members do their duty. (D. & C. 20:5355.)

1943. Individual awards were also

presented to several quorum members.

The quorum awards were previously lA/ard Jeachard* rffediaae for (yw>i>u, 1944 presented by Bishop LeGrand Richards at the quarterly stake conference held in "HONOR THY FATHER AND THY MOTHER"

January. The Deacons'Quorum Award

was decorated with the sixth year seal, The commandment, "honor thy father and thy mother,"has thundered the teachers'quorum with the fourth across the span of centuries. It is as vibrant today as when the Lord declared

year and the priests'with the third year it from Mt. Sinai. It will live forever. Only the impoverished mind would

seal. take pleasure in its demise or in relief from its responsibilities.

The occasion was a huge success with What obligations are imposed by this commandment? How may each

one hundred thirty in attendance inof us "honor his father and his mother"? Let us here consider some sugcluding stake officers, parents and the gestions for each member of the family.

girls of Aaronic priesthood age. The Father. In their need, are you as faithful in providing for your

father and mother as they were in providing for you? How long since you

visited them? How long since you expressed, or, better still, since you

The Church Moves On demonstratedtheir thought yourof youappreciationmake themforhappy?what theyIs therehaveandoneunfeignedfor you?affectionDoes

(Continued from page 383) among you? Finally, is the man you are, the man they prayed you would

He was captain of his high school footbecome?

ball team, and was a lightheavyweight Yes, there are your wife's parents, too. Do not forget them. Theyboxer. gave you the greatest single gift within their power—their daughter.

One of his projects developed in his The Mother. Your courtesies to your father and mother, and the athome work shop is the design of an "intention you give their temporal and spiritual needs, mean much more to them

visible searchlight,"using infrared rays than do these same benefits coming from any other person or agency on and an electronic pick up, for military earth. If time has slowed them up, bent their forms, do not forget that you

use in scanning enemy battle lines unfigured mightily in those transformations. They loved you, sat up nights,

detected. He plans to become a reprayed, wept, worried, hoped, dreamed. They have their reward in you

search scientist. and your actions. Are you satisfied? Are they/

you mindful of them? Think not that husband's Your parents—are

here, too. obligations withoutExcommunications you are

Carolyn June Anderson Sexauer, born The Son. If you are a thoughtful son, your parents are never "the

16, 1908. Excommunicated January gifts to personal s lady."old "the in old and They man"are God you. Do

Stake, FebruaryCollege Diego San Ward, as far, heartaches from to protect give as much, and them go shame as much, 3, 1944.

Ronald Duane Sexauer, born December as they would, and do, to protect you.

22, 1929. Excommunicated in College Ward, If occasionally you discover that you know more than they do, thank

San Diego Stake, February 3, 1944. them for your greater opportunities to learn. Have respect for your home

Gerald Michael Sexauer, bora August 10,—it is the greatest school you will ever attend—it has been blessed with the

1936. Excommunicated in College Ward, greatest teachers you will ever know.

San Diego Stake, February 3, 1944. You must be a real man, for no other type can fulfil their dreams and

1909. 4, April born Arthur Budvarson, your destiny.

3, in 1944, February ColExcommunicated lege Ward, San Diego Stake. The Daughter. If you could know your parents'thoughts, hear their

Edna May Anderson Budvarson, born prayers, feel their anxiety, you could never say, 'It's none of their business."

December 23, 1911. Excommunicated in You are part of them. If you do wrong, they are offended. If you are hurt,

College are they hurt. are happy. are are happy, Ward, San Diego Stake, February they If you You their temple—and

1944.3, shall that temple, enter nothing unclean every God's. day that pray They

19, Budvarson, born March Dona Mae "which temple, ye are."It takes you and the Lord together to answer their1930. in College Excommunicated Ward,

prayer. 3, 1944. Stake, February DiegoSan

Carol Loraine Murphy, born July 15, Finally, let members of the church reflect that parents are the agents 1933. Excommunicated February 17, 1944, of our Heavenly Father in the training of his sons and daughters. Parents

in Lincoln Ward, Granite Stake. have a tremendous responsibility. It is our duty to see to it that they

23, born February H. Proctor, Morton the before held in honor are Lord through our obedience to the command,

in1896. 1, 1943, Excommunicated July father mother."and thy thy "Honor Salt Stake. SouthSouthgate Lake Ward,

Evalyn Effigene Clark Carman, born June 24, 1912. Excommunicated February 14,

1944, in La Grande Second Ward, Union 1944, in La Grande Second Ward, Union 1944, in La Grande Second Ward, Union

Stake. Stake. Stake.

Iva Mae Clarson Holmes, born October Samuel Ray Allen, born February 6, 1894. Barbara Jean Heath, born March 4, 1924.

13, 1913. Excommunicated February 14, High priest. Excommunicated January 30, [Concluded on page 397)

JUNE, 1944 395

I US1C 'W,pyyyfc fcnTni m JTti.y7fa J*.yyTtlh Wlh ilhi.yjyyr.jriilhfciifci TWfc ih wllh jvjrj*'*'jpyr v srw y ryy y y y'jr.yrryyyyyy y yy 'jr jr jrww'W w 9> y''y9w9w '9t?'wjp"9y

it be said here that the congregation should 55onim singmeetingat leastsince oneit ishymnthe onlyin everyopportunitysacramentthe FOR CHURCH MUSICIANS lay member gets to participate actively in and contribute to the success of the meetBy Lorenzo N. Mitchell, ing, except when a special arrangement has ing. And, then, too, much of the spiritual exGeneral Secretary of the General been effected with the approval of all conaltation and worshipful atmosphere which

Music Committee cerned. permeates the sacrament meeting is inspired

through the singing of the congregation.

a Is There Music Recommended the questions varied are and Many for Meetings? What is the Purpose of the Anthem? Sacrament general Plan the the asked members of of

music committee when they visit stake The plan almost universally adopted by To act as an accredited and efficient and ward musicians of the church. Out the wards of the church is as follows: agency for setting forth truth and bringing

hearts of inquiries of the bear of a volume men. on a few pertinent Opening song by the choir or by the choir it to

here. are answered ones the as of act a form most vigorous To and congregation

of preaching. kind Prayer Helps? I Obtain the Can unsuitof inappropriateness Where and Much Sacrament song by the choir or by the

is the result desire of ableness anthems of a practical desiring helps should Choristers congregation choir and secure a copy of the Church Choristers'Devotional music on the organ during the to provide the congregation with entertainManual, by J. Spencer Cornwall. Out of a passing of the sacrament ment merely, and not with spiritual food in

wealth of practical experience in conductSpeakers the musical part of the service of the same quality as kind the other acts of worand has Cornwall teaching, Elder ing and comAnthem by choir or by choir and conthe ship provide. and sermon writever of the finest piled handbooks one gregation

It is replete conductor. ten for the amateur in It will be noted that the congregation What is the Purpose of the Choir? instructions concise valuable with and

its explanations. The book sells for seventyhas been included in the music service. Let The functions and purpose of the choir

five cents a copy. are:

Organists can obtain valuable helps from a. To support and encourage congregathe Y. Cannon. Organists'Manual.by Tracy

excellent in this information book is St. George Center Ward Choir b. Totionalsupplementsinging. the singing of the conThe

of gregation. series lessons. a in the form to then becomes of a sentarranged pioneers The choir

is treated, fully vicarious in carrying the spirit touch of secret agency organThe Mission, as WhensetdeBrighamthe DixieYoungCotton he are many other subjects including organ told them that they would be faced by many of the singing to a higher spiritual, registration for the small reed organ; how obstacles and hardships, but urged that they artistic, and aesthetic plane than is posto transcribe piano music for the organ; meet their problems with laughter and singsible through the simple and austere

interpretation, etc. This book contains more ing, and gave them his blessing for this acform of the hymn with its like musical

pertinent suggestions than can be found in complishment. setting for each verse of the text.

any other book of its kind. It sells for fifty Since then a tabernacle has been built, and c. To act in the manner of a specialized

cents a copy. the beautiful St. George Temple, and the branch of the priesthood, serving as a

Other helps are: The Eloquent Baton, people formed choirs of singers to sing the leader, an inspirer, and teacher through

by Earhart; Choral Technique, by Coward; songs of Zion at the dedication ceremonies. the use of inspirational texts. Many

Choir and Chorus Conducting, by F. W. Mae A. Pace is director of the St. George Latterday Saints attribute their conWodell; First Lessons on the Pipe Organ, Ward Choir, with Lenzi Sullivan and Mrs. version to the hymns of the church.

by Nevin. In addition to these helps the Donald Schmutz, organists. There is nothThe hymn "O My Father"has probchurch music committee is in a position to ing that gives the choir more pleasure than ably converted more persons than any

render assistance to choristers, organists, to be invited in its turn to be the official other hymn we sing.

ward choirs, ward music groups, and presidchoir for a quarterly stake conference. ByThere are times when the choir may use

ing authorities in their special music probron H. Taylor is bishop. its office in the pure sense of concert perlems.—Alexander Schreiner formance, with no intention behind its rendiHow Often Should the

Ward Choir Sing?

There has been some misunderstanding as to the part the ward choir should play in the sacrament meeting when a special group of singers is invited to perform, or when an organization of the ward is asked to furnish the program.

These special groups do not officially "take over"the meeting until after the sacrament has been administered and passed. Up

to this time the regular sacrament meeting procedure should be followed and the choir should furnish the music.

Occasionally the special chorus may be invited to take the place of the ward choir, but it should not be done without the full consent and approval of the choir staff.

Choir leaders naturally object to the choir having to give way to "this"and "that"special chorus. The ward choir meets in

regular weekly rehearsals to prepare the sacrament meeting music and the Sunday performance is a sacred duty to the members.

The regular weekly appearance of the choir ST. GEORGE

is in CENTER the forces one of most vital motivating WARD the organizationkeeping inspired alert and CHOIR to its responsibilities.

Briefly then, the choir should sing at each sacrament meeting, including the fast meet396 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tion other than entertainment. However, in

worship its rendition in quality and manner should be conducive of a realization of the service. Concert performance should not beGeiea

a part of meeting. the sacrament come If a < <<< <<< < << <<*<- is desired choir concert wherein secular numbers are to be sung, it should be given on a

day other than Sunday. Weber Stake's stakeappreciation,and wardtogetherofficers.with Heautographsrespondedof

What Hymns or Other Religious briefly and feelingly, expressing his appreSelections Are Approved? Patriarch Roberts ciation for the kind consideration tendered

When hymns and anthems measure up to TJonoring the revered patriarch of the him on his birthday anniversary.

guest of honor March born was The a high of standard musicality the A texts and * Stake, for Roberts, R. David Weber

at of 30th, the 1871, Utah, son Logan, Robare not tenets to contrary faith the of our faithful, the of years twentytwo devoted ert Roberts. (Roberts) D. and Hannah He is beliefs there and valid objection to no service the the of stake people among

three his birthday sessions in attended anon their use. However, one the should examine genealogical priesthood work, hunone and

his brother, niversary, accompanied by texts carefully. very President Heber J. dred the of Stake one on members Weber Idaho. Roberts, of Rupert, Hugh official given has Grant us the the of word 30th, his birthday, or attended one March

church in relation to this. Quoting from a more sessions at the Salt Lake Temple, the During his residence in Weber Stake, he

sermon of his we read: scene of eighteen years of loving and dehas served twelve years in the presidency

"To my mind the musician who pays litvoted service by him as an ordinance workof the high priests'quorum, nearly nine of tle attention or no attention to the words of er. them as the president and ten years on the

the song destroys half the value of his or her The endowment mission was sponsored genealogical committee, nine years as the at a patriarch He was ordained for the of the membership stake the by the chairman. more beautiful music by singing—the the stake quarterly conference on Septemstake priesthood genealogiMelchizedek and false doctrine which is sung, the danmore

gerous it becomes. I appeal to all Lattercal committees under the direction of their ber 29, 1940, by Elder John A. Widtsoe. He

day Saints, and especially to our choirs, respective chairmen, Frank C. Simmons and served as a temple ordinance worker until

never to sing the words of a song no matAlbertus Bragonje. At the request of Broth- a little over two years ago. Baptismal mister how beautiful and inspiring the music er Roberts, the brethren attending were to sions to the temple by the youth of the

may be, where the teachings are not in perdo work, if not on their own lines, then on church were started by him in the Weber fect accord with the truths of the gospel. the mission names. As a result, of sixtyfive Stake on August 29, 1921. His record of

In other words, our songs should be in very endowments done by the brethren, sixty his mother's family is said to have been in deed 'Prayers unto the Lord.'If we are were for mission names. The sisters did part the inspiration for the "Book of Rein the church membrance"movement and fortynine careful endowments. to sing songs, only then such are we

in it for features that prowere adopted of sure blessings are such which promised the service, completion of the evening At gram. the his by Lord because are promises friends with President Stake H. James A. Bragonje, faithful all fulfilled.'will 'True and and be as the "Rileyhis presented spokesman, him with

Do not use such things as: "The Rosary,"a small booklet containing an expression of Stake Genealogical Chairman

anthems which contain such passages as "Holy Mary, Mother of God,""Holy

Mother,"etc., or selections having a secular presiding officers should be made at the 1916. Excommunicated February 15, 1944,

association. beginning of the meeting in a highly digniin SixthSeventh Ward, Pioneer Stake.

fied manner, considerate of the feelings of Charles Gray ClufF, born October 4, 1905.

Impromptu Numbers the bereaved, naming the numbers in the Elder. Excommunicated March 13, 1944, in

will order they Smithfield in which Stake. appear. Ward, Newton

called are Sometimes members from the Grivet, Corine born DecemWoodward it funeral at performs one should a Whencongregation to perform extemporaneous 5, in 1910. ber Helper Excommunicated is offering that his talent be he rememberedmusical in numbers meetings. sacrament 1944. 13, Stake, Carbon March Ward, is part service. as a of the anxious more One include quartettes, solos, and choruses.They 11, Nilson, Olive born February Reed his that to contribution bring the comfort of practice? opinion is your suchWhat 13, 1902. 1944, Excommunicated March it that mourners than or "please""favor"The house of the Lord, wherein we worthe congregation. Helper Ward, Carbon Stake. in

is allship created things, him too sacred who born Ellen Chandler, Winnifred Haysey It for occasion becomes an extreme emto sanctuaryand holy a desecrated the be by in 19, 1889. Calgary Excommunicated June to barrassment musician a the acting as of theperformance anything but prebest 18, 1944. Stake, February Lethbridge Ward,

is accompanist time a every when number Inpared work. only Old Testament days Chandler, born William December Henry is the he announced as will one named who offeringsthe choicest in presented were Priest. in Cal22, 1877. Excommunicated

will congregation accompany. see The and setworship. the Israelites example by The 18, Stake, February Lethbridge gary Ward,

it is it as contribution hear each given and isof old at of this emulation worthy one 1944.

is to not necessary durenumerate one eachtime. 20, 1893. Hunter, born Waite Joseph May service. ing the

in Excommunicated Weiser Emmett Ward, there exceptions are However, exwhen temporaneous musical numbers may be Stake, March 31, 1944.

given. Accomplished instrumentalists or Clark LeRoy Tyler, born July 13, 1905.

vocalists who have a repertoire of sacred Elder. Excommunicated in Manchester

Stake, South Los Angeles Marchselections might notice at a moment's give The Church Moves On Ward,20, 1944. acceptable performance, butan even ac- ( Concluded from page 395 2, Rochell Reginald Brown, born Julycomplished musicians could to or sing play

a better advantage if they had an opportuExcommunicated January 22, 1944, in La 1914. Elder. Excommunicated March 21,

nity to rehearse before the meeting. Cienega Ward, Inglewood Stake. 1943, in South Lords District, British Mission. 13, born 1899. July refer to those This not does Elizabeth C. Gadbury, moved upon Duane Furnell Gee, born December 2, in 13, 1944, February Burspirit fast to the sing in meetings, this Excommunicatedby

1918. Elder. in Harvard Excommunicated Stake. Ward, San Fernando inbeing their vehicle bearing testimony to bank

Stake, April 5, 1944. Liberty Gylling, Rudolph Helmer born January 2, Ward, of the Often,the goodness Lord. these spir27, Hilgendorff, February Carl Paul born Priest. 1903. 27, Excommunicated Januaryitually exhibitions inare deeply prompted

16, April Elder. 1875. Excommunicated First in 1944, Stake. Denver Denver Ward,spiring uplifting others and to and move

in Stake. Granite 1944, Nibley Park Ward, 1. Bertrand Joseph Dana, born August feet theirarise to bear witness to the and

blessings they have received. 1903. Excommunicated February 14, 1944,

in Ogden Tenth Ward, North Weber Stake. Lynn Building Obtained

How Should Funeral Services Johanne Butchereit, born December 24,

Be Announced? 1876. Excommunicated November 2, 1943, "President William H. Reeder, Jr.,

,'in Liberty reStake. Second Mission, Ward, the of England New

is question This frequently of the asked 10, Caproni, Grant born Allyn December at building 20 cently purchased a Nahmusic committee,church while the and mat1880. 27, 1944, Excommunicated February as to Street, used Mass., ant be Lynn,ter is primarily for the priesthood one to in Stake. Grant Wandamere Ward, Relief center, Society chapel, recreation itcontrol, in the that said can of be opinion Marshall, Earl born 8, 1903. March Exthat class branch rooms room, and great by majority lessa the of that musicians in 22, 1944, communicated January East

can be said in announcing the service, the Nebraska District of Western States Misof the church. The property is located

better. sion. in the best residential section of the

Announcement of the program by the Heber Chase Smith, Jr., born March 24, city.

JUNE, 1944 397 A PIONEER MOTHER RECORDS HER ATTENDANCE AT

THE FUNERAL OF JOSEPH SMITH, AND OTHER

EVENTS FROM A CENTURY AGO.

ORRILLA

tt< tenHIGLEY

A0ui rf* /i*.o<j>sf-e'ia4c*c, si't-fi-u o- v-* LETTERS

(ei/U-i/O csstx* eAAAzs/cta/ '*?

day several years ago, two AAWONEmissionaries, while laboring f* in Warren, Pennsylvania, of the Eastern States Mission, were doing their daily doorto-door tracking. The forenoon had been spent

visiting the people, without much <4 success. They had been received at Sfosi *A/uT"> i--0"w;./TO

a number of doors but were usually turned away in a cool and unreceptive manner. When they knocked

at the last house on the block, a d*&'-<f(7c</ jfS'-"-tstJ -4* SLOtaSsOi- f n *vf Q-Jf jiZusTxsrt fA4/o the dooryoung and woman anwered s-y?-f7-?/olAI*.tAS> <u A1cfA5z.j A+/M-A> JaAVcry? +o stst, i4/*<-<S>'*4,iS? -Z77Z*e?y sUAsl*-<-CfAOAte- expressionan enlightened covered

her face as they introduced them- (s(*M aas4 sfe* W>* fYrtfs'jfj, fiin. tJ** alfej'CHaM /U>

selves as the elders of the Mormon

Church.

She stated that her greatgrand- parents had been members of the church during the days of the Prophet Joseph. After hearing REPRODUCTION OF PART OF THE LETTER

this, Gilbert of Elders Nelson H.

final pie the sorrow, mourning, andCleveland, Idaho Robert and An- J. grief at the of the and martyrdom inof Salt City,derson Lake became 3, Y., Attica, 1841 April N. Prophet.terested further informasought and

.. I close cannot. Samuel, my let kindly offeredtion. to told The the woman then young The woman

letter telling that without I have you the letters missionaries the usestory of and greatgrandparents'her joining the church and the persecumake copies and photographs of united with the Church of Jesus tion they underwent. She said she them. Mrs. Higley was a very old Christ of Latterday Saints, or what

still had in her possession the origwoman at the time of the writing the world is pleased to call Morinal letter her greatgrandmother had and was partially blind, thus acmons. I don't know how this will

written to her grandfather. counting for the mistakes in the affect your mind but I hope you will

letter. Her earlier letters were perconsider that although we are deBecause of the interest of the fect in every detail. As time went spised, so were the formerday

elders, she invited them in and ofon her writing became more ragged. saints, for St. Paul says that we are

fered to show them the letters she The missionaries photographed the called the offscourings of all things, had. Upon reading these letters, letter which told of the martyrdom and if, the saints of old were persewhich were very carefully written of the Prophet. The letter, as was cuted why not the latterday saints?

on heavy stationery that had become the custom in those times, was folded Expect it, for St. Paul says if any

yellow with age, their curiosity was so that the outside part formed the man will live godly in Christ Jesus aroused, and they sought further inenvelope. On the outside one may he shall be persecuted. There is a

formation concerning her people see the postmark and the amount of small branch raised up in this town and their history. She had in her the postage. Also, one may see a consisting of fifteen members. Mr.

possession numerous letters dating note written by the postman, Big Higley and Harriet have united with to the early part of the nineteenth Foot, who was undoubtedly an Inthe church.... There has been a

century. There were three letters dian. great stir here this winter and spring.

written by Orrilla Higley, the greatLaisa Fosdick and Julia have united grandmother, to her son Samuel Elders Gilbert H. Nelson, with the Freewill Baptist. Davis has

Rose, the grandfather of this wom- /. Robert Anderson. gone so far as to tell his experience

an. The letters told of the trials, 7 Rosedale Ave., and stopped. Eli Peck has joined

struggles, and hardships of the peoBradford, Penn. them. There is but little done about

398 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

here except go to meeting—Tuesday

morning. I find I must close my letter as there is a chance to send [it] OL NAUVOO ROAD immediately to the village. My request to you is that if you have not

a Bible that you purchase one and read it carefully as the word of God to pray and you may God that of it? hear

If directed in should wisdom. &y you western be ThePossiblyNauvoonot,Road—everand yet

have a chance to hear a Mormon Ontario, Canada, has a highway elder preach, go and hear him withcalled the "Nauvoo Trail"even today, C-. Jrank Steelee

out prejudice and do not despise reminiscent of a very early migration of your mother for believing them until Latterday Saints from the dominion.

you have heard them yourself but I will tell you more of it later; meanlanded in Britain the field was already

prove all things and hold fast that while, let us recall some of the begin- "white for the harvest."

which is good. I must close by subnings of the church in Canada. This

scribing. Your affectionate mother, will give a necessary background to a Come new and valuable data on the

O. Higley. history.hitherto littleknown incident in church *camebeginningsto my attentionof the churchrecentlyin Canadain a

Canada was one of the first missionvolume, Western Ontario and the ary fields of the church in this dispensaAmerican Frontier, by Prof. Fred LanAttica, N. Y., Feb. 25, 1844. tion. This is but natural in view of the don of the University of Western On-

... Samuel, it would gladden proximity of Canada to those sections tario at London, Ontario. This is a

of flow the of regional and ebb study of the United States in which the church heart again, face to see your and my internathe across ideas peoples and its beginnings. had I shall cherish that I do a hope know

is series in a tional one and boundary what your feelings are with respect The opening of the British Mission, of treatises undertaken for the Carnegie to our being Mormons. I have as is well known, was closely linked Endowment for International Peace,

thought whether that did affect you, with the preaching of the gospel in Updivision of economics and history.

the area per Canada, covered I by now if but I think could convince you in religious scene In the discussing the province of Ontario. Lower Canada talk I could a to have chance with with the 1 830's, deals Professor Landon after years the Quebec. Three was that are you that not deluded but we in of western a movements Onnumber organized, church Elder was Orson true are believers in the the goswe tario, the His them Mormons. among carried Pratt the restoraof the message

it pel is of in Christ, for beJesus is interesting. brief, although comment, fall tion to the In the Canada. of same

lieving and obeying the gospel of year, 1833, the Prophet Joseph Smith He says:

will that inChrist Jesus gain us an Sidney and crossed the Rigdon border its birthquickly from spread Mormonism celestial in heritance the kingdom of into brief Canada, Upper and this state misplace Canada. in Upper York in New afraid of ofGod. not need be sion You resulted of baptisms in a number in reported at Missionaries were work

fending me but tell me your feelings and paved the way for further work in Kingston district as early as 1833 whilethe on the subject plainly.... that area. between 1833 and 1835, when Canadian

upset somewhat by the comwas the greatest to However, impetus the missionaries, of the Methodismpetition Wesleyan in work Upper Canada 1836 came in lost Circuit Street (Toronto) Yonge LaHarpe, 111., Sept. 1, 1844. that zealous missionary, when Parley the membership the heavily to Mormons,

P. Pratt, converts made many and in 1836. in to declining 951 1833 578 from: Dear embrace Son opan I now strengthened the branches. at It was after there are 1830 the decade Through let portunity writing of you know this that that time destiny, man of in the to press references frequent John Mormon along. get arrived here how we Weto later Taylor, village activities province. in the confidant an apostle, of The

the second day of July being five the Prophet Joseph and the third presiChurchville in the Home district, was ofa weeks on the roads... you probdent of the church, received the gospel stronghold of the belief with frequent meetDetroit in the ings baptisms. Mersea At and ably have of the of death joined the church. the and the This was

area, apparently the River were Mormons city Prophet. arrived just in of time Toronto. Through a marvelous heardWe in for attack unpopular, them made upon an shaping to his funeral. attend later years many were in the We Herald, recorded 1838 Western was

to be 1 886 same to Canadianobliged take the at boat (issue of published at Ottawa October Sandwich of precise—thisevents

and we landed at Nauvoo. I cannot convert, now head of the church, di1838). 9,

describe to you the heartrending rected President Charles Ora Card of the reference to the Stake, comes the the then Cache northermost And nowscene I believe nor there do has been in ly stake Professor the church, Road."Landon to "Nauvoo to go Canadasuch a of since the mourning day rather continues to than as Mexico he had crucified. Savior ourday was It planned, to seek gathering a place for

truly heartrending,was not St. Clair the a dry near In County, Lambton the Saints soil. British on assured He

River, the of preaching Borrowman Thomas to seen,eye be sorrow and mournPresident the Saints Card find would led to of emigration an Canadian Mormonsing depicted was counon every "British justice"there at a time when their the they road and which by madetenance. Yes, have the they met with being tried sorely were we in the is in States to the United 1846 exodus

greatest loss in the death of Joseph United States. Under this inspired known as the "Nauvoo Road."The emistill

and Hyrum Smith that can be felt counsel the settlements were founded grants were chiefly Scottish people who in to beginning from came Lambton Lanark County in 1887. with Cardston us. righteous mostby The two men

the eastern the (Recolprovince. part of are the earthon taken from us by But to return to that early missionOnt., lections of Sarnia, of Nisbet William

a ruthless mob, and they are not conary work in the vicinity of Toronto. read before the Lambton County Historical

tented with that, they threaten During his mission there, Elder Pratt Society.) Joining their fellow religionists at

more, to exterminate the rest from numbered among his converts Joseph Nauvoo, Illinois, the Mormon "New Jerularger part of the salem,"they became Fielding sisters, his and it Mary, state.the will who be know How we in city the the migration to refuge of new later married the patriSmith Hyrum but leave tonot the event must God Salt of the valley gaunt Lake. Great The arch, and Mercy. these Through and.. all orders things for best. the millwho old the of framework on an Sydenham other converts, Canadian relatives all reis Ontario, that Alvinston, in River near This affectionate from your

to recall this Mormon communitymother, Q Hfglcy> Englandpel and werewhentoldtheof firstthe restoredmissionariesgosmainsof 1836.now

JUNE, 1944 399 Books Ml m W> > III TO 3fc3fcjfc "Will Th Tfa Th Tlh Mh Tfci TH> <<4< < < <4<M44W4<4<

THREE MORMON CLASSICS in Salt Lake valley nor of the seagull that peal to adults also and has a message for

Leaves from My Journal - rid the Pioneers of the plague. understanding by parents of their children.

Woodruff Waford FOG SAMMI'S MAGIC ARMY - - First Mission George Cannon Q.My (Julia L. Sauer. Viking, illustrated York. and Cook. ( Written Howard by New - - - Little HamblinJacob James A. 1943. pages. 107 Co., $2.00.) Garden Doubleday, Doran & (StevensWallis. 1944. pages. 341 $2.50.)

City, 1943. $2.00.) York. in New great that while story a comes a* Once collection, compiled Preston Nibby

lives of the Border,"and exquisitely real blends "South the the unreal and Sammi ley, brings circulation into current back *I fhis life better for their and blending. farm. his the helps makes tend parents Just The finestthree of the stories of the old "Faith

is story a such centers which love Fog animals him, one Magic and Samwhen day series, in 1879,Promoting"published back ton, about is Greta the Adding nine village mi's loved fog threatened men, bad who by through years, subsequentand George by Q. the village and of of his animals leads whole met farm who Blue army Cove Sammi own simple,Cannon. accounts These unadorned in. rolled the fog will village. when the This apsaves and bookof the of early experiences missionary some

of three great characters of the past, providealike—andsoulstirringparticularlyreadingforfor theold young,and youngfor

whom they were first intended. With all the

maze of socalled sophisticated literature, and with all of the trivial and unworthy things that are competing for the attention and patronage of our youth, to return tothese thrilling stories that came out of the MIAhearts and the lives of men of God, is like turning to a clean, cold spring in time of thirst. The book itself, in physical properties,is attractive and readable, with large, bold Reading Course Books

type and a colorful, arresting jacket. It is

safe to predict that this volume will find wide acceptance and appreciation. R. L. E. 194445

WE FOLLOWED OUR HEARTS TO HOLLYWOOD Officially adopted and enthusiastically recommended are

Emily Kimbrough. Illustrated. Dodd, Mead,

and Co., N. Y. 1943. 210 pages. $2.50.) these inspirational books:

Those who read the uproariously hilarious book by this author and Cornelia Otis entitledSkinner Hearts Young Were Our $2.25 Executives—"THE GOSPEL KINGDOM"

to than ever eager will beand Gay, more

Writings of PRESIDENT JOHN TAYLOR this inread the of them which book two went to Hollywood for the purpose of filmfirst still intheir "attractsing book. Emily

lint,"attracts of Special Interest—"THE CHURCH IN WAR AND PEACE"...$1.00cident as serge and some

the situations in which she finds herself are By STEPHEN L RICHARDS ludicrously funny. But, Emily, whom Cornelia characterizes as a lover of people, alsomanages to find the heart of Hollywood M MenGleaner—"THE ROBE"$2.75

that one is accepted there for what he can By LLOYD C. DOUGLAS

do, regardless of color or race. M. C. J.

Junior—"I WANTED TO SEE"$2.00

SdoJul ftfL ChUdhAVL By BORGHILD DAHL

MANY MOONS Thurber. (James

Brace and Company, Illustrated.New York.Harcourt, Senior Scout—"FAITHPROMOTING STORIES"$1.00

1943. $2.00.) Compiled by PRESTON NIBLEY

Fantasy, yes, but fantastic, no, when it stories. to one Thurber's comes of James $2.00 Bee Hive—"TRAVELER'S CANDLE"

illustrations with Louis Slobodkin byAnd By FLORENCE M. UPDEGRAFF is for here that story oldhe has and a good

to of the the wordsjester—listeningyoung, for where wise men failed, the court WHISPERS"little Scout—"CANYON OF child's the solution the tochild—found

Byproblems. L. A. WADSWORTH $2.00

THE GRASSHOPPER BOOK (Wilfrid S. Bronson. Illustrated. Harcourt,

Brace and Company, New York.

1943. 127 pages. $1.75.)

Unusual and fascinating, this book about the grasshoppers of ancient and modern DESERET BOOK COMPANY willtimes to the prove invaluable youngster is interested has 44 East South Temple Street authorwho in life. The

cleverly illustrated the book so that the Salt Lake City 10, Utah... P. O. Box 958

reader will know about the apparatus which makes the grasshopper differ from other animals. One omission cannot help being "THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST"

noticed, for in dealing with grasshopper plagues no mention is made of the plague 400 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Poetry NAUVOO CARTHAGE JAIL, JUNE 27, 1944 WONDER

By John Casto By Jon Beck Shank By Christine Park Hankinson

U"DlestAndbethethefullsoftredandclustersmellowfromclime,the vine W'hendeath, people of a time bring martyrs *TfFromradioNewcan Yorkcarry heresoundto me,

On grapecrowned hillocks above low flat The fissured time takes time to mark the hour Or to Madrid, or Africa,

Where ruined pile plays host to bat, With boding still, as babies hold their Or to the Coral Sea;

And spills from cleft of broken bower breath,

Great waves of glowing trumpet flower. And afterwards there is the headlong showIf sound runs ever farther on

er. Within Time's cosmic cup,

Blest be old memories around grayed hut Mistakes of men have oft in sight of God And needs but careful dialing

The starting point for westward rut Short paralyzed the world under the sun; That one may pick it up;

That, to broad waters and beyond, On days when heroes died, the time was

Since Eternity, in ends Time traversed far to odd, thousands foundMute

I If proper choice make city desert in lone place, the moment, it itself would shun! As thoughA

dialing, oh, Of suddenlyStrongbuilt to challenge time space. and

Blest be the spot where pioneers Mark how the calm of years is on this jail; Shall I not hear your voice?

Have lain in peace these hallowed years. And silence moves in with the whispered

Their rugged, honest handiwork fear

Bespeaking neither trick nor shirk, Of storms tonight. May people sleep. The CONJECTURE

grail toBears witness a spirit bold to instead one more sweet refreshing tear.... By Ida Elaine James lookedThat of gold. Holds God

this doormat? upon my it What leads to weeping: have This would you small gloves of heavenly blue Twois

dropped? it Unoccupied! that Can be MAN OF THE FIELDS has Hold; Hyrum, watch name the hour, my matching of blue, One with eyes

By Gene Romolo stopped.

Some neighbor child, found my door handy.

Paid did but a call linger? not fields, the of none understand but you

I greetingMan will leave a candy that strenth pulsates through The the ForStuffed into finger. small each down life land. the of

Ploughing of furrows seems irksome and trite the delight has never him who knownTo their acres forth yield GROWING TIME green bringOf seeing

From seed he has sown in the heart of a By Helen Mating field. Plants are brave in spring; from small

Man of the fields, who has ever rejoiced *- Beginnings they grow fair and tall.

As you, when at dawning an early lark They spread and bloom, fullgloriously voiced For all to breathe, for all to see.

to salute the the In patter of day?A small, rain Remembering shy how how refrain? hears but you, a joyous suchWho,

winter were They passed when by, them discerns sweet, melody, and merryAnd who full drab, rest, of quiet how How frolicsome fans ripening breeze aWhen at their strength, their zest. One marvels wheat?

in something Courage DESERT small FLOWER shy and fields, fat the through years and lean,Man of strength us to pattern by,

A. Lincoln that land kept soul By till has you yourThe the lift in air, spring Thomson GivesKnowing God's

clean The power of faith, the strength of prayer.

given you courage to challenge defeat ASKED a desert flower:And

That others, through your strong endeavor, I Why come you to this lonely waste eat. die unseen, and bloom may To INSIGNIA

trails of the only of sly coyotes fields, the touch of the sod, WhereMan

Has left on your palms an impression of And mustangs wild and lean By Adelyn Jackson Richards land that through God. a Wind God forgot; his college fraternity pin, Tn I wore

is earth dry Where * popular Most he: chap the campus on was the hot, sun beats And

I with the thrilled was awed wonder and between? grows And sagebrush THE ELASTIC RUNWAY with the pride

Answered the flower: That from all the fair coeds, he'd singled out

By Edna S. Dustin You come with spring each year me!

here; sheepfold your make And he his gave Today to wear name me squints will; sun at eye an and yawnsThe I in pluck burst when bloom You is me gift the O, it of greatest man's concern:

*- sill. to the Reaching mountain arms up to take your dingy And room I me ever trust, sacred the remember May how

his raises pulls himself head, to the brim.He give to cheer, you make it you To untarnished keep his return! against know And

his legsStretching the out rim over is desert's all heart aglow; The

Like my adolescent I waked yesterday That this vast waste of brush and sand

He stretched from my breast to a man in a Was touched by a Master hand. day. PRAYER OF A PRAIRIE WIFE

Like the sun he too legs the stratowave By Laura Lourene LeGeac

On a path that's a chartered yawn from the EARLY ORCHARDS grave; GOD, let me rise up after pain

That elastic runway where he slants his By Aimee B. Andersen As cactus freshens after rain.

spars let the desert, Beyond me see earth's to release his scuttled stars recurrent dream, zoomAnd SPRING,... hills rise eternally. Your green

spatter the earthThat with the sunset's fruitbearing trees Has filled fires With petaled prophecies: And when the winds of heaven pass,

My breathkissed youth with dawn's desires. Pale ones, and pink, and cream. Let me lift like prairie grass.

JUNE, 1944 401

tween the ages of twelve and seventeen have received individual certificates of award in their priesthood work.

The increased interest in priesthood work in the ward is due to the boy leadership meetings that have been ably conducted in the ward every month. Sabrina C. Ekins.

Report from San Diego HPhe opera, Ecminie, was presented by the *- Stake M.I.A. two evenings, to enthusiastic audiences. The success of the opera

certainly proved what organization and cooperation can accomplish. Through the tryouts much talent was found that we didn't

realize we had in the stake. It was such a

lot of work but there is a satisfaction that comes from work well done that proves that work and preparation are worth while.

There were approximately six hundred

Deseret Stake Arrowhead Awards FirstFrontMaterow,Elmerleft Wright,to right: SkipperBishop ArthurBen H. H.Robison,Reeve, peopleGreen inBall.attendanceIt was atbeautiful.our stake SinceGold andour

Advisor Priesthood Shurtliff, and Dell Mate filled are minds of serious so things with the than more has"P\eseret Stake Bennett. twoSecondLowell life this during to wartime, decided go we Dee Swensen, Reed Blake, row: Second Wayne twelve boys, from"-"thirds of all its into bit fantastic the of a and a Chaffin. few Irvin spend Wright, and

inclusive, age, regRobison, years ofto Francis Edward seventeen row: Third Woodbury, hours in of Believe."the "Land Each Make

Hepworth. Stewart, and Melvin Bishop, Reed regLars has stakeistered as Scouts. its presented The float ward on queen a lovely

istered ninetyseven percent of all its representing a fairy tale. We had "The

available boys fifteen or over. In order to qualify, the boys must Snow Queen,""Sleeping Beauty,""PrinFor the first time in this stake nine have a seventyfive percent attendance cess Moonbeam,""Cinderella,""The Wizand the "Scheherazade"from ard of Oz"certified in their meetings priesthood by qualified for the Arrowhead haveboys Nights. Arabian gorgeous, were and They in the M.I.A. participate their bishop, Blake, Lars boys, TheAward. Wayne beautifully in presented story, song, or

public, a be the before appear theme, Stewart, Swensen, ReedBishop, Reed verse.

Dee Wright, Edward Woodbury, regular Scout, work with the welfare Two very sweet and colorful evenings of

Francis Robison, Irvin Chaffin, and plan, and read one of the M.I.A. readdance, one formal and one sport, have been

Melvin Hepworth, all belong to Hincking course books. sponsored by the Junior and Explorer stake

ley Ward. Twenty other boys in the ward beleaders.- Reported by Josie B. Bay.

Personality Girls

(Concluded from page 381 good for fat girls, but if you're too fat

it, can't so the you do moral is—don't

; to be fat) one's voice keep enough low

for control—all these spell grace—another upthe-sleeve idea!

Where do we practice? At school, at

Sunday School, at work, certainly in our own M.I.A. Junior class, particularly in our own homes. Some one once

said that a gentle, reasonable mother makes lovely daughters. But mothers

are human too—with weariness and

our tricky so—playingthis way: Genanxietygame—let'sto combat,put it

tle, reasonable daughters make lovely mothers and lovely sisters and courteIII ALEUTIANS APRIL THE CONFERENCE brothers ous and personable neighbors

J. MlUon listening Chaplain to Aleutians are shown in the service stationed at Adak Saint men Latterday and charming towns and wonderful Wendell are branch farfhing of this Presiding conference. twosession recent their during navy the of Hess

Elmer Ctiristensen. states Bench, by Robert K. Christensen and nations president, Loran and great and M. Jensen, L. and marvelous counselors.—Reportedofficers

worlds. That is the particular assignment of Juniors—the personality girls.

SEVENTEENTH Blessing of Earth WARD (Continued from page 372)

GLEANER friers, Saucepans, boilers double

CHORUS she until rubbed polish on them her arm ached. After awhile she started to hum.

By the time she was sloshing the kitchenware in warm water and drying it briskly, the words of the song took

Left to right, front row: Ruth Hansen, Myrle Low, Geraldine Swensen, Jeanne Carr, Jeanne Davis, Grace 0. shape, and she sang quietly.

Peterson. Pendrey, Marion Jensen, Billie Hinckley, Barton, Hazel Lina Helen Ensign,

Walker, Bernice T. Woolston, Merna Kunz, MaRee Hale, Well, that was that! Her gingham Langton, Erma Lorraine Gregory, row: Bonne Back

LaBelle Pace, Barbara Swensen, Winona Werrell. dress was smudged, and so was her

402 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Blessing of Earth

face, but the tension had gone from it.

What was it she wanted?... Then she

laughed, realizing that she was starved!

She fished a bun out of the breadbox, and sat down.

since—sinceIT* oodJustinhadn'twas tastedlast homeso goodon

leave from the Brooklyn Navy Yard.

With a start she realized that for over an hour she had forgotten about him!

Her nagging anxiety had been soothed by the satisfaction of doing a job of work and seeing results. Now, she

thought of him again, but in steadier perspective. Suppose she hadn't heard HOLLYWOOD FIRESIDE

attending Fireside, together, after people gather young weekly eighty in a sixty to evening from Sunday Each conclusions? tofor ten days? jump Why seventy years, farewell over said past to has this group two the During Ward. meeting at Hollywood sacrament the so not were many to conversions direct group. been all active of ThereWhy the have seven leaving members were who before men wait—there

earner honest observes pays of an each the every efforts; wage Wisdom; gospel through their member Word the lack explain that of a servicethereasons could

letter. tenth Semimonthlyto the church,a andpaperall calledare actively"FiresideengagedEmbers"in churchis mailedwork.to each Hollywood Ward representative in the armed

the front forces. a stomping on There was

It Jhas young of fellowship person in Hollywood Ward. Fireside to every a close bond has brought Chat that whistle a thinporch, stopped and Intermountain of the the youth from the means of enabling a byword many become has been among them and

West, in mailman!the breath her throat. The working in the local war plants, to acquire church associations in southern California.—Reported by Ray

H. Walton. steps him. scurried to meetJen's down

A pause—then a hurrying sound in the

hallway, a door swinging open, and Jen was there, her eyes shining like mica, with"It's—here!"two letters sheheldsaidagainstshakily.her chest.

"Justin?"Trude snatched at one of

the letters. At the sight of the unfamiliar

handwriting, her face sagged. "Why

it's not from Justin!"

"No! No!"Jen grabbed it away

from her. "Here's yours! The maid told

the mailman to leave it here. The other

one's mine—from Hal!"

Trude barely heard, she was reading her note so avidly, and laughed with relief—out tooflearntouchthatwitha week'sshore andtrialpostvoyageoffices—had kept him from writing.

younger!—Why,"Glory!"she began,Jen!""I feel ten years

For Jen was eating every word of her own letter while tears ran quietly and unnoticed, down her unbelievably happy face. STRENGTH IN UNITY—SEVEN PRESIDENTS WHO ACT AS ONE

evening one devoted at in organized a month June one of Seventy, Stake, 1941, Elder Box Quorum 310th sat Africa!"She downthere—in"He's safe!"she said brokenly. "He's Until one of their number was called into the armed forces recently, 'the seven presidents and secretary of gettogether. wives', social this of planned kind weaktheof their council to and, meeting a their to homes wrth ly at the table lovingher and ran hands every paid excursions, dues, socials leadership, temple found the quorum conducted and during 1943 Under100%

presidency. visited projects, every participating in welfare the by and member letter. the ly spread over out "Oh, man

A. Bott, Bott, H. Hall, Jennie Mildred Olive B. right, left are picture in the Metvin row: Seen front to it's a long three Trude, been such Froidsham, Afton L. Frodsham, J. Bott, Audrey Dan right: left Reeve, row, R. Bott. Center Henry Audrey to

months!"H. Olsen, and Ruth R. Reeder. Back row, left to right: Royle H. Reeves, AdolpJi M. Olson, J. Arnold Hall,

R. Reeder. Andersen, Joseph sat opposite abruptly her Wesley Trude down was C. Andersen Muriel absent with a newborn baby, seventh in the group.—Reported by Ruth R. Reeder.

B. Felt. Photo Harold by friend, her accusingly. faced and "What

do you mean—Africa, three months? I

thought Hal was in Texas, instructing."

"Yes! Yes! You were supposed to

think that! I had to keep it a secret all

I theknew—time he was on the ocean—until

"But only last April he was home for a weekend—"

"That was when we decided!"Jen

spoke with eager pride. She slid the

letter into her apron pocket and kept her hand closed over it. "He didn't

have to go, on account of the children.

But they were shipping hundreds of new planes, and badly needed men -who CALIFORNIA LOCAL MISSIONARY PRESIDENTS'REPORT MEETING

Los Angeles California Mission districts local in the met at of Presidents mission up, could and doctor tune them them are already There missionaries become fewer. of their work, as fulltime in Marfljh125 localto reportmissionand plan for an extension

battered. they'd beenwhen called. will be aries. More We talked

Allen; Elijah Bunting; Merle left John S. are, Russel B. Hodgson; front row, to right: M. present Those volunteered."it over and—Hal Bradshaw. H. Fred and months!""Three Trude shook her Allen; Delbert Beyer; Stanley; Carl S. Miller; John right: Schow; left Melvin to Rowley; Harro C. Lorin row, Back

( Concluded on page 404 0. Lunceford; H. Jack Grover; and Martinus Andersen.

JUNE, 1944 403

BLESSING OF EARTH Editorial:

{Concluded from page 403) ruefully, then got up and stretched, (Concluded /rom page 384) dark head wonderingly. "That's thirhappily content. Through the open O, God, where art thou? And where is

teen weeks without a word, and just window she could see the back yard inthe pavillion that covereth thy hiding place?

ten days were enough to put me in a side its spruce white picket fence. The How long shall thy hand be stayed, and

stew! How'd you stand it, Jen?"poppies and zinnias, the yellow squash thine eye, yea thy pure eye, behold from

thy people of eternal the the wrongs heavens tranquilly. "I she said work,"had if as my the painted sun had glowed July penethine ear servants, be of thy and and all that scouring its mean color. "You the golden them own And cries? their trated with

sortscalding sweeping and was brighter the hollyhocks than no were of—anand suffer shall they long Yea, how O Lord, safetyemotional valve?"little curly son, of head Jen's who beoppression, sat these unlawful and wrongs

or straightening, you're in his himself playpen. to crooning "When shall softened toward thine heart fore be

washing, or ironing,"the other woman "Got to rush!"Trude said cheerfully. them, and thy bowels be moved with comexplained gently, "you're using up too "Must get down to the office and on the passion toward them?

much energy to think a lot. And when job!"Everything was all right. She'd

you're finished you're tired, and your had her letter. But if ever things went

nerves are calm because you haven't wrong again, if there were days and And back came the words of that pulled at them with worry. And everydays of silence, they would never be as God and Father of all men, who rulesthing's orderly around you—that helps, bad as these had been. She knew the the heavens and whose purposes will

too!"charm against heartache now not fail:

"And,"Trude confessed, "you can Jen went to the window, too, and soul; thine son, thy be unto peaceeat!"My friend. next to stood her breeze warm A shall afflictions but thine be adversity and hungry, too!"you're "Yes, in, sifted rustling in the note her moment; a small I told her, think,""that Trude "To starched pocket.

it shall if well, then, thou endure God And heartlessthought were you you when "it's said musingly, she know,""You over shalt triumph thou high; exalt thee on listen string to of woes!"wouldn't my like I've a since 121:7-8.) all foes. remembered poem C. thy (D. & "It upset more, only have would you back, oh, years years!"she and And

I things over! trickedhashing you So as smiled she murmured,

tryinginto She my recipe—work!"pit, if into the cast shouldst be thou And at the of bun. "I guesssmiled crumbs "For the blessing of heaven is perfect the of murderers, and the into hands or

it results!"rest, got if thou thee; passed upon death of sentence

"You know it did!"Trude grinned But the blessing of earth is toil!"be cast into the deep; if the billowing surge

conspire against thee; if fierce winds become

thine enemy; if the heavens gather blackall to hedge ness, the elements combine and

jaws if the very THE ARGENTINA EARTHQUAKE above all, and way; up the

after the wide shall hell mouth of gape upon page 358 ( Concluded from I one. offered blood. also to donate

all these that son, thou, thee, know my center. in the approximatelySan Juan test said of a and blood made They me shall experience, and thee shall things giveIt relatively such a mystery a was how call they needed. peowould when The for good. thy be violentaffected sosmall could area be ple in here generous been very have below hath descended of Son The Man 1ly, kilometers only yet 73 and Mendoza relieve doing everything possible the to all. he? than greater thou Art them material sufferedfrom no San Juan there. will conditions die from Many the and thy way, hold Therefore, on In approaching the roads Sandamage. exposure. rainstorm followed heavy A their for thee; shall with remain priesthood

Juan there are huge cracks in various the earthquake and the city is without bounds are set, they cannot pass. Thy days

places, some of them a yard wide. In lights. are known, and thy years shall not be numis places, water sulphurous hotsome can fear less; therefore, not man what bered losses in to amount San Juan My is forever and shall oil with forth. places In for othershooting you be do, God I lost bicycle, about $50.00. overmy 122:7-9.) ever. (D.6C. of nightoozing ground. the of out The coat, blankets, several books good two L. E.the old volcano earthquake,—R. came an (about the [B.Y.U. Year12), Banyan

lit little life spit lavato out a and and, pictures of from boybook] album my around. miles for the countrysideup college, to pictures the taken had hood

oil engineersGeologists an from and trip in S. the mission to A. on and myI Is facts into these and SelfInterest? lookedcompany What I until the to Blanca, time Bahia went

is feet that 75discovered San Juan I the lost souvenirs. other also and my Poulsen Ezra By J. it 75 than was! sanklower town The It strongbox. coins about $3.00 and had

Itfeet. big that sank area such a was It Brazil also desert Uruguay. from and western had the locust on '"Phe

it. first realizedthat Since the one no certificate, blessing, patriarchal birth * fellows, his and my with gangs up there than been twentyquake have more letsocial security valuable papers and devouring country, the across marches less violence. governofquakes The I I ters. else can't of think anything can vegetation living he of blade every will has the burn rumor town—so lost. church of about $50.00 had The in the dies falls find, and then down it of at rebuilt will the cost bementit—and is lost, that too. property undoubtedly created. has he the of wreckage midstthe country.

gathhand, other squirrel, the in on B.A. turned conference youth The Our It to practically impossible has been supply to the I autumn nuts well. ers through out got very cold usual a Asfind friends anything out about our

in order winter, the during his needs when I went to B.A. I am all right now, listthere. of the has been made dead No anof the enjoy warmth that he might though. yet.public unas they are soon As

covered and identified they are burned. I received your letter of January 6, other summer.

Typhus fever has started in the hospital yesterday. I can't understand why you Do you prefer the method of the

and no one can enter or leave. All I have not received our records yet. They locust or the squirrel? One is shortknow is that two of my friends in San should have arrived about the 28th. sighted and destructive, working against

frugal, interest; the other, his own final for are alive sure are in and threeJuan safe, I sent a telegram saying I was

to willing farsighted, and I hospital. can'tthe secure information the the industrious, the earthquake, but day after

on the rest. Senor De la Motta and the censor wouldn't accept the message so sacrifice the comfort of the present for

sister are here in the hospital but it is I changed it and sent it again yesterday. the security of the future.

to see theimpossible seems them sometimes first course and The I hope you advised Aunt Mae of my is in. inthey are attractive;what condition but the second most I Nodon'toneknowcan wellbeing.

enter San Juan without permission. finitely wiser; for in this lies not only

I offered to receive two refugees here. Love, man's material well being, but his spirAs yet I have not been assigned anyRay itual as well.

404 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "V

s.

CAN MORE TO WIN THE WAR

1, UTAH UTAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPANY SALT LAKE CITY we are ready. Here just lately—

when supplies of potatoes began to pile up we again went to work. With ads, mass displays

in our stores, large purchases.

The producers tell us we're helping plenty.

Let us emphasize one point about all this. All surpluses are moved

at a fair price to the farmer... our

Safeway customers save money... we make our regular profit;

Everybody benefits, every time;

A SURPLUS IS LIKE A HIPPOPOTAMUStoo much to move, without plenty of help.

We Safeway people add up to a powerful lot of selling help—organized and

ready to lend a hand whenever you need That's because for 27 years now it. Years ago we made this firm offer: Safeway people have been simplifying

"We'll do all we can to help move into and improving the methods of food consumption a surplus of farm products any distribution.

time the producers decide there is a real By cutting out "waste motion"and emergency and ask us to help out."needless costs all along the way, the

Safeway method has helped increase the farmer's share of the consumer's dollar.

Boosted consumption. And offered

consistent savings to consumers.

This more efficient food distribution system is today a strong national asset.

In war or peace everybody benefits by the straightest possible road between farmer and consumer.

We were asked, and we did. Many

times. You may recall some of the

"FarmerConsumer Campaigns"-we put SAFEWAY on. They moved large quantities of such The neighborhood

surplus products as peaches, prunes, grocery stores eggs, lamb, beef... and quite a number

of other farm products.

CORDIAL INVITATION: Over a third of all our cusNot only in times of actual surplus tomers are farm folks. We invite you to trade with

but anytime there is a special need for your Safeway grocer for one full month—and commoving a farm pruduct into consumption pare what you save.

PLANT YOUR EXTRA DOLLARS INTO WAR BONDS... AND GROW SECURITY FOR TOMORROW

406 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Influence on Civilization (Continued from page 375) one day descend from heaven—the IN A NEW BOOK Jerusalem.New

Her builder was not Nature nor the wisdom of men, but on that secluded and barren site, the Word of God, by her prophets,laid her eternal foundations in righteousWILFORD WOODRUFF ness, and reared her walls in her people's faith in God.

Jerusalem center was the of a market GEORGE Q. CANNONfor of the produce the farmers who

lived in the small valleys beyond the city. Sacred writers extol the fertilityof the land of Palestine. It was a com* JACOB HAMBLIN

try of wheat, of barley, of vines, of fig trees, trees; and pomegranate a country

of olive trees, of oil, honey. RETURN and of

"The soil,"says the Roman historian,

Tacitus, "yields in abundance the prodto the current literature of the church in ucts of ur country, and balm and palm trees besides."The balm of Judea was

the principal source of wealth of thecountry. The valley of the Jordan was THREE MORMON CLASSICS'

rich in pasturage.

Jerusalem was the holy city of theprophets of the Old Testament. At the Leaves From My Journal

beginning, the motive power in the hisBy WILFORD WOODRUFF tory of Israel was religion as a result of the revealed word of God. Unshaken

faith in the characteristic of God was all My First Mission the prophets patriarchs. and Our

present modes of thoughts and feelings, By GEORGE Q. CANNON

our lives and actions are far more profoundly influenced by the world ofthought and feeling, which Israel Life of Jacob Hamblin brought to mankind than by that of By JAMES A. LITTLEGreece or Rome. Among all the western nations, Biblical history stands for compiled by PRESTON NIBLEY

all the history there is. The people

know more about Abraham, Isaac, and from famous old fcdthpromoting series

Jacob; about Saul, David, and Solomon, about Samuel and Elijah than $2.50

about the heroes of its own history.

Jerusalem was the center of the life of Stevens and Wallis, Inc., Publishers

Jesus Christ whose words teach that the soul of man is to deal direct with

God. The soul is to be unafraid. It isto search for its own faults rather than DESERET BOOK COMPANY

to observe the sins of others. Jesus

spoke as the Son of the living God and 44 East South Temple Street the Savior of the world. On the Mount Salt Lake City 10, Utah

of Olives Jesus often walked with his disciples. On this widespread landscape 'THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST"

his eyes rested as he spoke divinely of the invisible kingdom of peace and love and joy that shall never pass away.

Over this walled city, sleeping in the sunshine, full of earthly dreams and disappointments, battlemented hearts and whited sepulchres of the spirit, he wept, DEEPLY SATISFYING, FAITHPROMOTING—

and cried: "O Jerusalem, how often

would I have gathered thy children togather, even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not!"He cried faith and repentance,and his beneficent nature turned the IN THE GOSPEL NET

hearts of the western world from the deceits of materialism and gave them the new life of an inward and spiritual perBy Dr. John A. Widtsoe

fection. His life changed the history of

mankind more deeply and more widely and more permanently than any other $1.25

from the beginning of time to the present hour. On sale at bookdealers everywhere

If ever he is found again it will not (Concluded on page 409) JUNE, 1944 407

Scriptural Crossword PuzzleSolomon Still Speaks

USE THIS EASY RECIPE "My son, attend unto my wisdom, and bow thine ear to my understanding: That thou

mayest regard discretion, and that thy lips may keep knowledge."Proverbs 5:1, 2.

FOR MAKING DELICIOUS

/ BE SURE TO USE 1 A very wise man ACROSS34 Son of Shemidah 1 Chron. 7: 19

... cometh, then cometh 37 Girl's name MORNING MILK! 107 Relation"When of 1 across to 32 down 36 Conjunction

shame"Prov. 11:2 38 One

US FINER FLAVOR MAKES 11 "because man... to his long home"40 "heart is not..."Ps. 131: 1

Eccl. 12: 5 43 A man of Judah 1 Chron. 9: 4

A BIO DIFFERENCE! 13 Country near Palestine Num. 23: 7 45 Old Testament book

14 Seat of government 47 Note 16 Fondle 48 "God is a..."John 4: 24

Compare the flavor of Morning Milk with 18 Pronoun 52 Feminine proper name any other evaporated milk. Taste it undi19 "neither cast ye your pearls... swine"53 The gods

7: Matt. 6 Decree 55 as it the comes from can. You'll luted—just of.."8: 12 Benjamin 1 Chron. Town 56 "was Rev. no 21: 1 more. all 22 Morning improves Milk understand why

is "... 24 "There... here"a I was, 57 John 6: 9 Abraham am"recipes!

26 West central state 58 Article 28 Home of Joseph Gen. 41: 45 59 "... down before him"Ps. 72: 11

29 "Who redeemeth thy life from..."

is Ps. 103: 4 Solomon's 10, Message 11, 19, 29, 36, Buy FinerFlavored

officer 33 Naval 38, 40, and combined 48, 57, 58, 59

MORNING MILK

DOWN

taste. nets"Ezek. 26: 14 30 Strong

31 Anoint ORDER TODAY 21 Mouths'place to

THE LIFE OF 43 ArmAlleged force 3532 ThePronounShepherd King

(slang) poet 40 6 Worthless German 41 JOSEPH F. SMITH 75 Massachusetts city 39 Friendly goblin York "we would... Jesus John 12: 21 City in New

By JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH 8 Attar 42 Warble of the Council of the Twelve 9 New England state 44 Style 12 Expand 46 1 Kings 18 contains a sublime story instrument about Elijah Pointed contending with the Order from the new offices of 13. constellation prophets of.. 15 The Dove

BOOKCRAFT COMPANY 2017 Joshua'sOuter; cleatfather(anag.)1 Chron. 7: 27 4950 ThroughGod of the Egyptians

Traveler's Motor Lodge 21 Fabulous bird 51 Size of shot 1465 South State 23 Girl's name; ninth (mus.) 52 King of Judah 2 Chron. 14:

Salt Lake City 4. Utah 25 East Indian cedar 54 Supposition

27 Daughter of Jacob Gen. 34: 1

408 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA amasHBBaaaBEEmHBaBsaBB INFLUENCE ON CIVILIZATION (Concluded from page 407) tage shine bravely forth. It is Thursbe in the schools or temples or palaces, day of the week, and all the day goodbut among the thirsting people for housewives have scrubbed and cleaned Brighton Young

whom he lived and died that they might and laden the tables with their best and drink the water of life freely. opened the doors and put lights in their

windows, if perchance on that day the Lord Jesus should come, as the legend University

Looking down from the plateau of had promised, to be their divine guest.

Ravello, as the dusk begins to deepen, It is a touching parable. To such simpleone sees in the little hamlets of Majores faith, to hearts so lovingly prepared and 1944

just lying he will Minores,and the expectant, surely come. Even below on SUMMER SESSION

lights Jesus. Italian coast, cotsouth the of the so, come. Lord

First term: June 12July21

Second term: July 24August 25

JOSEPH SMITH, A PROPHET UTAH STATE CURRICULUM [Continued from page 369) tionalization; and, though proof is preCONFERENCE AND WORKSHOPS

of the war that is being "poured out sented of the prophethood of Joseph June 1230 upon all nations."Smith, that will not necessarily make

one believe in its divinity. The things of

And it shall come to pass also that the God are understood by the Spirit of A large resident faculty remnants who are left of the land will God. No one can believe in the prophetmarshal themselves, and shall become exhood of Joseph Smith, no matter how Outstanding visiting faculty members

ceedingly angry, and shall vex the Gentiles much evidence is presented, unless he include sore vexation;with a it testify spirit to of the the Lord has Society Brooklyn Chairman, to HENRY NEUMANN, thus, the with bloodsword and And by him. in authority international for Ethical Culture; shall the the inhabitants earthshed of this. illustrate Dr. story may Maud education. character A famine,mourn; plague, with and and and

for years head Babcock, many May theearthquakes, thunder of heaven, and and auUniversity; of PITTS, LILLA Columbia BELLE the of of department the speech fierce lightning also, shall vivid thethe and Education; of thor books on Music well known

inhabitants of the earth be made to feel the University of Utah, was a convert to president of Music Educators National Conferwrath, and indignation and chastening hand the church. It was my rare privilege, ence.

of an Almighty God, until the consumpand an opportunity for which I shall be CONSTANCE McCULLOUGH, of Western Retion decreed hath made a full end of all naeternally grateful, to work rather closeserve University; authority on reading in the

tions; ly with her for a long time. She came curriculum.

saints, the the the of of cry and of EleThat Director State Utah CAMPBELL. in JENNIE to in teach her from home York New

shall saints, to of the ceaseblood come up Education. mentary City. Salt heard She had a good Lake

into ears the of of Sabaoth, the from Lord of Elemenauthor SAASTAMAINEN. GERTRUDE interested the deal about and was West their earth, tothe of enemies. be avenged Art. of in tary School Study Course it. in Salt out to and She came Lake 87:5-7.) C. (D. G

authority kindergarten on STIMPSON. EDITH herself the found among She Mormons.

boarded with a Mormon family. They methods.

And what of plagues, to mention just suggested that if she liked, they would rather things? pass of theseone We in for her, put of tea and coffee a supply Music Festival Sixth Annual counfact thatlightly our the over own the to but custom it wasn't use Mormon Roth Quartet

try in the past few weeks [February] those things, and she said to herself, and other celebrated artists has had an astonishing epidemic of in- "Well, who do these Mormons think fluenza. It was estimated by medical they are? If they can do without tea

men that fifty percent of the population and coffee, so can I,"and she proceeded Write for free catalogue to in the state of New York have had into do it.

this therefluenza winter, warnwere and first in the the came Sunday Then all that in BRIGHAM people the to the YDUNG papersings breakfast month. prepared, was No

all will likelihood there morein be a it that she informed and was a was UNIVERSITY In of epidemic.virulent the recurrence to custom without go two Mormon PROVO. UTAH I in readingDecember, remember

first the the of a meals month. on Sunday

that 1100 paper some and YorkNew explained, reason she but was The was w w m m mm Wmm 'L..m* m*m*m*mJZ3 in in died one people weekodd had

all feel told that mustn't that she at she before, England.London, week The this should cusbe bound by Mormon in died. This one and900 had odd some that to they tom, glad her be have would

that, before remember.town, week The

... again, breakfast, have and do IN "Who FRIEND NEED A died. are the seeing today700 had We If these think are? they they Mormons I to craving read some was day One thisfulfilment prophecy. canof You for can go without it couple food of a I literature. don't church know what dally without picknot your paper up

I, I I meals, to will the library in think profit so that can led the and was me thatreading evidence corroborative Jo- I of the should afternoon middle it."it when Moreover, suddenly by occurred

I prophet; bearseph Smith a and was it I did. training, but walked have been to her, fasting. real here For years was that testimony you have solemnyou there my stand, the church and magazine by she observing been had Lent going by

full this latest to yet edition completion the the ofnot seen amazement was my certain without for things forty days.

I of believe the hardly could ERA. myprophecy.

1 fasting not This was The Mormons I it it eyes. as and grabbed hugged

really fasted. though it were human. I started to

T ogically, the proof of Joseph Smith's And so, bit by bit, she was introduced read, and read it from cover to cover.

M prophethood cannot be refuted. But to a great deal of Latterday Saint cusThat was an experience and feeling I

will forget. believe our never And methat will doesn't that to say one mean Latterday and not tom a little Saint

will never the without be ERA homebelieve inspired he any was by doctrine. Moreover, she found it good. is over. the war when like in to believe of means.manner it. it with She agreed suddenly divinelyWe Then From—and we go a long way round to prestruck her with unusual force that if Cpl. Vernon N. Stoddardsent evidence to show—the logicality of these things were true, and she believed Camp Carson, Colorado

our beliefs, but much of it is sheer ra- {Continued on page 410)

JUNE, 1944 409

L****.m.*..*.ll...l.l.l.l JOSEPH SMITH, A PROPHET

3, they were,{Continuedthen Josephfrom pageSmith409) was a worthya revelation.academicTherepursuitis whichnot adoessinglenot

prophet of the Lord, but she said, "I do fall under one of these categories. Benot believe it."And so began a long ginning with the 76th verse of the 88th

period of bitter selfargument. She section of the Doctrine & Covenants:

would go over and over the matter, "If this and this and this is true, and I am Also, I give unto you a commandment, fastthat shall in continue and prayer ye are, thenmovement Era Smith that sure they Joseph.. this forth. ing time from

is not the Lord. But I do of a prophet

shall diligently grace and ye Teach. my it."logical just are so believe a And instructed that attend you, more be you may

in arguments. us our of good many in in in principle, doctrine, perfectly theory,

One day, as she was coming from in the law of the gospel, in all things that school, she was deeply engrossed in this pertain unto the kingdom of God, that are

The ERA gives you much of argument with herself. She was walkexpedient for you to understand;

the best current CHURCH ing along Temple Block and had just Of things both in heaven and in the earth, earth; things the been, gates have front in under arrived the and which temple of

its covWithin LITERATURE. are, things things shortly must which which to for her the nth got she time when

aumonth ers you find each to at pass; things are home, come which it!"re- "I believe rebuttal of don't She

the thoritative things are written abroad; material the and wars which spirit or ports before she such never a had

perplexities nations, the of the judgand leaders. spoken our church by heart. in bitterness her of hatred and land, the a To ments are knowlwhich and on

I said as to her quote words: "Just myto occurred also of of countries what edge and Has it kingdoms you

it, self, I believe not as disheard all of priceless things theology, in prepared be ye That gems may tinctly as ever anything, heard I have I shall the to magnify again send you poetry downto-earth and gosthese can you know, I words—'Howdo I my whencalling you, called and whereunto have pel in the yearby- have you gates. daughter, I the outside Enter and the you. mission commissioned have which

year volumes of this magayou shall know.'"The feeling of bitter- (D. & C. 88:76, 7880.)

zine? ness left her, and, to be brief, she short-

I think, been, never a more has There ly joined the church. has She a been for not preserve them Why total inclusive description education of faithful Saint Latterday fervent with a reference future your your and verses. than those back few now And that testimony has lasted half than more

edification? children's We urge I the the read learned from to men. a century.

you to do so. After she had accepted the gospel, Book of Mormon

hardly she could get to wait to back evil one! of the plan that cunning O O

itSingle volumes (12 numbers) bound her family frailties, fooland present the the vainness, so to them and and the in durable, attractive, blue cloth that they could accept it. It was clear ishness of menl When they are learned they

not hearken are wise, they they and that she her could not see anythink howbinding, stamped in gold $2.25 to it for of counsel they set God, unto the intelligence with body any refuse could

aside, themselves, supposing of they know it. each plus postage. to accept flatly her But repeople

is foolishness their wherefore, and wisdom it. jected the she forgot For moment it perish. shall profiteth not. they them And

Ten or more volumes at one time her own experience in the clarity of her (Book of Mormon, II Nephi 9:28.)

own one belief. Not of her family has

$2.00 each plus postage. ever the accepted gospel. Look at the mess the world is in, a

Bring them in or mail them to us And further, while this is very permess contributed to in no small measure sonal to her, I tell it as a tribute to a by these socalled learned men who supreally great woman, her father came to posed they knew of themselves. The

from these terrible Mormons. For floJ eighteenSalt Lake City partly to reclaim her text continues years he lived at her home and untoButtheto counselsbe learnedof isGod.good(Ibid,,if they29.)hearken

the whole time was bitterly antagonistic to the church. said she While at grace learn cannot too have much. We \\Je her meals, whistled, he in and the days ** little is learning "that heard a of the *JJe5eret American Party rfewS the ftre&6 Salt whenUke learn thing."cannot too dangerous Wea Lake Tribune violently was attacking Street, Salt City 29 Richards Lake learning but warped, be much, can our the church, he would copies buy of it it If the will lopsided. can be make we its and send scurrilous stories to her the cornerstone of our Christ gospel ofkiravLwvti.vivkwwmgg friends.

Whence came her testimony? From principleseducation, ofandthe livegospel,accordingwe will beto ablethe

human logic? No, indeed. Whence to utilize our secular training to far

comes any testimony that Joseph Smith will a greater given advantage. be [fiead We a was prophet of the living God? insight greater wider wisdom. and a And

It as comes a special dispensation to will that a Smith Joseph was know we every individual lives so that who of the Lord, prophet and amount no of Signs of the Times merits he that I blessing. peram sophistry, learnof worldly no amount FIELDING By JOSEPH SMITH fectly well there aware are learned ing, faith; the other can our on move

of of the the Council Twelve will men say who "Nonsense, that if live gospel, learn the don't hand we is sheer twaddle."to But read someit, it all logical the follow $1.25 evidence and

thing that has said been about those to that can brought be bear—irrefutable learned men, from another volume testias it give not us a may be—will direct Order today from the new that has to us through come Joseph divinity of the of Smith's Joseph mony of offices Smith, the Prophet: let however, me mission.

first, read else something else something BOOKCRAFT COMPANY that itself is in to Joseph place Smith of neither gave and some- A given us—no, Traveler's Lodge Motor thing is that the particular us profane. nor Lord area gave through Josacred A

State 1465 South it is is seph Smith. neither unholy. holy place of the nor one most me To A

4. Salt City Utah Lake magnificent pieces lives sanctified of the of advice the people educaby on who

tion that has ever been penned. This is live upon it. It is desecrated by the con410 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Joseph Smith, a Prophet?HK duct of those who inhabit it. If our own

fertile land shall not be bloodsoaked by battle, if our own homes shall not suffer demolition, it will be because we have sanctified this land of Zion by our obedience to the law of the Lord. It will GRAND WAYS

be because as a result of our living we know that Joseph Smith is a prophet. TO DRESS UPWe can make these places holy, we can

in them can standkeep them holy. We MEATLESS'MEALS to the according comunmoved, beand

mandment of the Lord through his BAKED BEANS SUPREME! Old faprophet, but it will require obedience to vorite, new flavor. Now important in

all the principles of the gospel. your meals. Put zest in with Mapleine.

tastier. in "your own Use them Makes

in places, stand holy ye Wherefore, and kind! in the canned or make"

until the the of not moved, day Lordbe GOOD'; ATIDEAS.... v saith for quickly, behold, the it comethcome; There'll RICE! LIVERS WITH CHICKEN

especially if you this, for cheers beLord. Amen. (D.6C. 87:8.) Juj&i Point Stoted. Mapleine flavor with up the pep

AND DEALERS a touch of curry while sauteing them.and

meat leftPIE TREATlMakes long way! Mapleine a long,The Hard Way or MEATovers go

The Right Way s-t-r-e-t-c-h-e-snever guess there'sthe meatlittleflavor.meat. You'll

( Concluded from page 368: -

went to work. With mud up to their

hips, they got busy. The first cat was

purring; and starteduprighted, and it the Mapleine, ty Discover third cat scratchedthen the second. The flavor in wartime. extrahelp

itself out, and the fivemile road was on Helps you pep up many a its way to completion. The boss had meal. Grand in main dishes,

said he'd put the boy on his own. He for it's sweet only with sugar.

did. He didn't weaken him by helping Brings out the full flavor of

him get out when he needed to bring meat, spices. Boosts chocointo play all his capabilities. Bill now late flavor, too. Grand by ithad more confidence than ever in himselfindesserts,dainties.Get a

self. Now Bill could build a twentybottle fromyour grocer now.

mile road—now his boss could take bigger contracts. Bill could take it. GOSPEL STANDARDS

Still seller—a best of he his cocoon, and out a moth Help

$2.25 IMITATION MAPLE FLAVOR himself, dies. get and out him Letsoon Bookdealers Buy at everywhere

he breaks forth a vigorous, healthy moth. Help weakens.

Bishop, the same philosophy holds good in your ward. Let your members

always feel free to come to you for advice, but remember emphatically that while those working with you with prayer in their heart are making decisions, your time may be given to some- <?> c*

thing else. As the old saying goes, "It

is better to keep ten men working than be doing ten men's work."

Bishop, lean on the officers and memra bers of the ward, and don't let them lean too heavily on you. It is always

better to wear out than rust out, but don't "burn up your engine."Bishop,

don't do it the hard way-—do it the right

way.

Leader, you are, whoever Mr. Church

dignity recognizing are with you and SYRUPSPRESERVES'GRAPE JELLIESJUICE appreciation the men and women or the MARASCHINO CHERRIES boys and girls at your elbows? Are you PACKED IN DURAGLAS SWEET PICKLED AND

trying to do the whole job or are you BRANDEED FRUITS delegating authority to others? Nothing

will make your work better and you feel happier than if you will throw responIf sibility others. they a few make on

... THEY WHEREVER GO too concerned be not mistakes,

"friend."staff. issue the good work. Each is a welcome up Keep Greetings to the ERA it. ercorrecting our over by grow Welet's T/Sgt. Heber J. Greenhalgh

rors. That is the way we reach perfecNew York, New York

tion.

JUNE, 1944 411

LETTER SMITH TO JOSEPH

. GOOD. ATIDEAS (Concluded from page 371) in bringing into being finds strumental

nal monument to your work and an adherents in every land.

to interested be must condemnation of manmade know how You Stdte&. everlasting"JuM/i T(M the the organizapoverty. taught ideas and you AND DEALERS. I shall ever be grateful that you have tion you perfected welds people of all

taken superstition out of religion and nations into a common brotherhood.

given the basis upon which we may Those ideas have proved stronger than build an intelligent faith. I believe that national, financial, or family ties. Even

I catch something of your great thought the bitterness of war, which finds your when you say: followers caught in its meshes, has not

There is a law, irrevocably decreed in broken the ties that bind them in one heaven before the foundation of this world, mighty brotherhood.

upon which all blessings are predicated It should please you to see how well

And when we obtain any blessing from God, the church organization works in so it is by obedience to the law upon which it many lands and under so many types of is predicated. governments—how it has been flexible

There is an unusual charm in the enough to meet all elements of change lines: and growth of membership, while retaining the democratic principles you

that light in receiveth continueth and He laid the the church came on day down light, receiveth light that more God and I built will into being. that not say you

brighter brighter groweth the perunto and for "better never than knew,"you you fect day.

once doubted that your teachings were

Certainly you have done what so of God, nor do I doubt them now. On

others failed to distant date, at this contrary, have a the many I can definition truth that is of to yours, testimony quitedo—givenbeyond add my own small

refutation: for I have not only witnessed your

And truth is knowledge of things as they teachings tested in the crucible of time, are, and as they were, and as they are to but I have also tried them out in my come. own weak way and have received the

divine assurance which you promised.

Your counsel in regard to study is The sacred books you brought to the ever an inspiration: world take on new meaning with the

Study and learn, and become acquainted passing years. Perhaps you are aware

with all good books, and with languages, how they are reaching the remote cortongues, and people.... It is impossible for ners of the world, entering the mean-

a man to be saved in ignorance. est hovel and finest palace. And altheir those read and obey ways who intolerance narrowand When individuals happier precepts become mindedness surround me, cheered I am finer neighbors. and heartened and declaration your by on

to seems I might There end no what THE ADVERTISERS the goodness and of Father our mercy to gratitude. in say exyou The now in I like heaven. especially lines these and You Will Find Where life, serenity of ample the your with and of yours:

Their Messages which you went to your death, are an

Beneficial Life Insurance Co Back Covet

Glass Bennett 390 is Paint Co.judging.. whileandonecondemningportion of thethe humanother withrace inspirationthe life andlittledeathshortof theof thatMaster.foundThein &

Bookcraft Co. 408, 410, Inside out Cover Back the mercy, Great the Parent of universe frankness your admit with which you University Brigham Young 409 looks the of the upon family whole human faults, in will the displayed and power Crescent Co. (Mapleine) 411 Mfg. with fatherly a care paternal regard; and

let the overcoming has them in on me Music Daynes 358 Co views offspring, as them His withHe and Shellerl 388 Leroy Dean (Pea secret greatness. of calmness with The out of those protracted feelings any that 400, Deseret Book 407 Company

to inwhich unwent your you martyrdom fluence Deseret the Press 410 children of News causes men, "His

Durkee's Mayonnaise the to rise to the the serenity door evil of 391 sun the the on good, and on and locks 387 Durkee's Oleomargarine Troco sendeth rain the just the soul. unjust."reon and lines written on so by men No Faultless Starch 359 Company the reins of in judgment His hands; He holds flect the that "peace passeth underFels-Naptha Soap & Soap Chips 362

is Fisher's all Biscuit a wise lawgiver, will 356 He judge Mix and standing"as to your Stephen words

Fuller P. 411. 412 Company W. men, not to according the narrow, conthe to while road on CarMarkham Glade 389 Candy Company tracted notions of men, but "according

like to thage Jail: "I to going the a lamb am Hall's Canker 360 Remedy the in deeds the done body, they whether be

"Junket"Rennet Powder 358 good or evil,"or whether these deeds were slaughter, but I am calm as a summer

I L.D.S. Business College 414 morning. conscience of a void have in done England, America, Spain, Turkey,

Strauss Levi 389 Company all or offense India. will judge them, toward and "not accordtoward He God Linda Food 387 Company Loma

ing to not, they have what but according men."Chocolates Mrs. G. McDonald's 355 J.

to they those what have,"lived Pectin have Inside who M.C.P. Back Cover that Saint Latterday every Would

Milk Morning 408 will law, without be judged without law; soldier the meets present death on who Fuel Mountain Inside Front Supply Cover Co those and will have a law judged who be by Mountain States Implement 413 Company battlefields the of could have world that law.

Lines Overland Greyhound 391 those ringing in words, with meaning,

Porter's Frillets 4 his soul. then, as Truly have promyou are Biscuit Purity than you more a national Company 353 1 Joseph,

ised, "death sweet."would be Soup Rancho 390 character. ideas of Your Godgiven

Royal Baking I Company 357 look entrance into upon your own universal salvation are the of the hope

Stores, Inc Safeway 406 that other fateful that world on June whole world. eternal truths The you Products Sego Milk Company 353

Standard Brands, Inc 360 taught belong to the nations. day as sweet. On this hundredth anniversary 41 Garden Tea fill I could after page with page Tribune (Salt Lake) 415 only truths to rejoice—forof your death,in theI gracehave ofcausethe which Hotel put in a form you Utah 360 mighty

to are not lost you mankind Engraving Utah 360 It is little to read. for me to wonder me Almighty UtahIdaho 405 Sugar Company beginning you are only to found. be generation each finds thouRefining Utah Oil Company 359 that new

Wheeler, Reynolds & Stauffer 357—thatsands whothe ariseorganizationand bless youyourwerememoryinAffectionately,William E. Berrett

412 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

. Wm9 HARVEST MORE HAY

THE OLIVER WAY '44 CROW MORE IN

Hay—because of wartime labor shortage in If you're the lucky owner of an Oliver Row

growing and preparing stock feeds and beCrop 60, 70 or 80 or a Standard 70 Tractor, you cause it is a natural food for cattle—has skycan also have Oliver's famous 21-B powerrocketed in importance the past three years. driven mower. It will cut 20 to 30 acres a day

with your tractor running in second or third

After it ripens in the field, the big problem is speed. Attaching and detaching is simple and

to harvest hay quickly and properly to preserve quick... cutter bar shears close with a full

its full food content and protein value. This is even swath cut... works right up to fence

a problem that requires modern, upto-date corners... gets all the crop.

tools for the job... implements like Oliver's

Then following up in the field with Oliver's 21-B Mower and Side Delivery Rake.

Side Delivery Rake assures proper handling after cutting to conserve the precious fleshbuilding vitamins and proteins in the hay.

Heads are worked inside loose, airy windrows... stems are left outside to dry faster... giving you fieldfresh hay to help cut feed bills.

This year harvest your hay the Oliver way... with a 21-B Mower and Side Delivery

Rake. It's a winning combination!

MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO.

OGDEN, UTAH Branches: Ogden and Tremonton, Utah; Preston, Blackioot,

Idaho Falls, Shelley, Twin Falls, Buhl, Rupert and Rexburg,

Idaho SfWtPK**gm*****OLlVER JUNE, 1944 415

THE MARTYRS brother.Prophet hadOn metone withoccasion,some afterunpleasthe

(Continued from page 365) seph and felt that in some manner he ant disagreement with his brother, Wilof the Book of Mormon. He could not was appointed to be his brother Joseph's liam, Hyrum came to the defense of the

wait until the restoration of the church guardian. This tender care dated from Prophet. On that occasion the Prophto be baptized but sought baptism shortthe Prophet's earliest childhood. We et wrote

ly after the coming of John the Baptist would naturally look for an older And I could pray in my heart that all my with the keys of the Aaronic priesthood, brother to manifest some spirit of envy brethren were like unto my beloved brother, being the fourth person baptized in this because of distinguished honors coming Hyrum, who possesses the mildness of a dispensation as far as we can discover. to a younger brother. Not so with Hylamb, and the integrity of Job, and in short,

I Christ; of humility and meekness and in of sympathetic the church Smith. and was the a loving rum was manHe No

is that than stronger love that love with him ministry solicitous for of entire loyal thenature during the weland and more to rebuke I occasion never death, for had his brother, fare the Smith, of Prophet. great This he love andJoseph Jodeclared him, me, nor he he which when he

seph, were never separated as long as was mutual, and led the Prophet on left me today.

six months at one time. Hyrum always many occasions to speak of the inmanifested a tender solicitude for Jotegrity and faithfulness of his older Again the Prophet wrote of Hyrum,

after they had shared together the many persecutions of their enemies There was Brother Hyrum who next took

faith- I a to Brother myself, what Hyrum, ful Eternal the heart have got! T'HERE'S A WHOLESOME me by the hand—a natural brother. Thought you Oh, may

blessings your eternal upon crown Jehovah for the care have head, as you a reward soul! are!\% V RECIPE THAT COSTS THE GOOD Oh, had for many how my

together; again and sorrows have shared we $0-0-0 LITTLE! NEIGHBOR the unthe ourselves shackled with we find

relenting hand of oppression. Hyrum, thy

name shall be written in the book of the law of the Lord, for those who come after

Cook one 8-ounce package of FRILLETS 6*4 afterthee totheylookworks.upon, that they may pattern

minutes or more to desired tenderness and drain.

Stir in chili sauce, hot sauce or catsup, sprinkle In a revelation given through Joseph with grated cheese and Bingo! it's ready to serve. Smith in April, 1830, shortly after the

Here are two tasty variations to this basic organization of the church, the Lord recipe: Stir in butter—or mushroom sauce. Keep said of Hyrum Smith:

extra packages of Porter's Golden EggNoodle Behold I speak unto you, Hyrum, a few

FRILLETS on hand for unexpected guests. words; for thou also art under no condemnation, and thy heart is opened, and thy

tongue loosed; and thy calling is to exhortation, and to strengthen the church continually. Wherefore thy duty is unto the

Order a supply church forever, and this because of thy

GOLDEN family. Amen.

EGGNOODLE Eleven years later Hyrum was found

FRILLETS just as true and loyal, and the Lord again commended him in these words today

And again, verily I say unto you, blessed is my servant Hyrum Smith; for I, the Lord,

love him because of the integrity of his heart, and because he loveth that which is right before me, saith the Lord.

Spend This Summer In the days of the restoration of keys, when heavenly messengers came to Joat the seph Smith revealing to him the authorities of the priesthood, Oliver Cowdery

L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE shared in these honors and also received

under the hands of these holy mesone of the leading business sengers the same powers and authorities schools of the West whichthese hewereheldgivenjointlyto withJosephJosephSmith,Smith.and

When Oliver Cowdery lost his standDay and evening classes... ing the Lord transferred to Hyrum

Smith all the power and authority which

Excellent training and employment had been given to Oliver Cowdery, and presthe assistant Smith became Hyrum service ident holding of keys the church, these jointly with his brother, Joseph, and

Write for information standing with him at the head of the great last dispensation forever. It was

X- >f X- because of this great honor that was

Smith that he bestowed on was Hyrum View ol the Campus the called to of be the companion

Prophet Joseph in martyrdom. It has

written of been them: L. D.S. BUSINESS

70 In life they were North Main Street, Salt Lake City COLLEGE1, Utah not divided, and in death they were not separated....

414 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE MARTYRS

They were innocent of any crime, as they his name "should be had for good and had often been proved before, and were only evil among all nations, kindreds, and confined in jail by the conspiracy of traitors tongues, or that it should be both good blood innocent men; and their wickedand seal and evil spoken of among all people."jail floor of is a broad Carthage theon

affixed to "Mormonism"that cannot be reThe ungodly have raged. Many atjected by any court on earth, and their m- tempts have been made during the past

nocent blood on the escutcheon of the State one hundred years to stay the progress of Illinois, with the broken faith of the of the church and to destroy the great is wit- a governor, the as pledgedState by the entrusted to which Lord work Jogospel everlasting truth the of the toness for salvation the of the huSmith seph their impeach; all and cannot the worldthat

family. Isaiah Said of liberty, and man the bannerinnocent blood on

is States, of the United chavta the magnaon is that thee formed against weapon No of religion Jesus for the ambassadoran shall that shall prosper; every tongue and hearts honest of will the that touchChrist,

rise in thee against shalt thou judgment their all nations; innocent and amongmen

is the heritage the servof condemn. This all of the blood the with innocentblood,

is their the ants righteousness of Lord, and that will altar the saw, undermartyrs John saith of the Lord. me till of the Hosts avenges he untocry Lord

that blood on the earth. Amen. And so the great work established by

Cince that fateful tragedy which the Almighty and which has passed tribulation, persecution the and inthrough suffering untold an brought upon'P shedding of innocent blood, goes on and of these testimony the people,nocent just men has gone forth to all parts of shall continue to increase until all the the earth. Doubtless there is not a land purposes of the Lord are fulfilled and

where intelligent beings reside where Christ shall come to reward the faiththe knowledge of the mission of Joseph ful and punish the wicked who fight

Smith and the work he was called upon against his work.

to establish in the earth has not been All honor, praise and glory to these proclaimed. Thousands from all parts great men, martyrs for the truth! Theyof the world have come with their songs laid down their lives in the vigor of A NEW CALL

of everlasting joy, in fulfilment of the their manhood in defense of the everlasting prophets, to of ancient worship gospel.words They will take them up TO ARMS! erected theseat the altars of Jehovah everlasting again crowned by with to glory

modern prophets. And we see the sit down in the mansions which arewords of Moroni literally fulfilled, prepared for the righteous in the celesOn June 14, the Fifth

wherein he said to Joseph Smith that tial kingdom of God. War Loan will attempt

to marshall 16 Billion Dollars to support our THE EDITOR'S PAGE fighting men in action.

(Concluded from page 363) He concludes by saying As in all previous War being one of the two men of all whom he I have endeavored to give the details of Loan Drives, the Salt ever to be methad who seemed visit prophet with to the Mormon posmy absoLake Tribune dedicates kingly lute with "the or accuracy.sessed If the reader endowed does not know

I just to Smith, right, what of Joseph directs, as make thatfaculty by divine cannot its columns to this great-

I, difficulty. help myself, of the out him for souls looking confusedfeeble and

guidance."He went on to say: stand helpless before the puzzle. est of all home front

It is improbable means by no that some '"The* helpless.LatterdayTheySaintsknowdothatnotJosephstand activities. for the use of generations textfuture book

of true the Smith a prophet was will contain a question something unbornyet and The Salt Lake Tribune, living century, a over historical in the the For God.like American this: What

nineteenth century has exerted the most all over the wide world, the gospel of its employes and manpowerful influence upon the destinies of his the Lord Jesus Christ, restored to the countrymen? And it is by no means imearth through the instrumentality of the agement, join with you

interrogatory that that to thepossible answer Smith, Prophet has gathered Joseph the in in that no efpledge Smith, written: thus "Joseph bemay from every and denominathe men women reply, the absurd Prophet."AndMormon fort will in be spared tion the under heaven where message living, to it doubtless most seems menas now

may be an obvious commonplace to their has gone, and they have been men and assuring complete sucdescendants. History deals in surprises and women who have given their lives to

paradoxes quite as startling as this. The the church because of an individual cess of this vital warin established a religion this age whoman divine testimony the of mission of Jotime campaign.

actoday and is debate,of free who was the of seph Smith, the true prophet and of as direct a thousands hundredscepted by living God. rare the a theemissary from Most High—such It is a fundamental truth of the is peltof disposed being not to be byhuman

ing his memory with unsavory epithets. FanChurch of Jesus Christ in our day that

atic, impostor, charlatan, he may have been; Joseph Smith was and is and ever will

but these hard names furnish no solution to be a prophet of God, and with the testithe problems he presents to us. Fanatics and mony in our hearts of that fact, we

impostors are living and dying every day thank our Father in heaven for his life them; their with is buried memoryand labors, which, though cut but and seemingly

this influence founder whichthe wonderful of evil, short forces accomplished by the still exerts religion throws exerted and aof him into relief before us, not as a rogue to be the purposes of God in the restoration criminated, but as a phenomenon to be exof the gospel and the priesthood, and plained. the Church of Jesus Christ.

JUNE, 1944 415 and Ours,JpS--MbJllbM Jfth.hfrt- > "** jK *-"'* & jfci Jfci - % '- ">- & "ftw. ih. aak. h. t&. faJik TJL ahJkjfc H'luJtta- 1&-"M,'!'B'W tft. Tllh, *r Tttii Ifc- "Tit ffh nti fllh atJfcA-J

Somewhere in England So Far Away

Dear Brethren:

LAST night I received my March issue of the Era in the mail. Freshman: "There's one thing that has always puzzled me

I do enjoy reading the Era to keep up with the activities of about astronomy."

the church. However, I should like to make a small suggestion, Professor: "What's that?"

if I may. Freshman: "How did astronomers ever learn the names of

It used to be that "Your Page and Ours"contained a good all those stars?"

number of humorous jokes and puns fit for any occasion and with plenty of punch, yet clean and tolerable. But I now see Cooperation

that these jokes are rapidly losing in the battle for space. Is

it lack of space or jokes fit for the Era that has brought about Employe: "May I have a day off to help my wife with the

this change? The page is gradually being taken over by "letters house cleaning?"to the editors."Can't we have a separate page for that? Boss: "Well, let me see. I'm afraid—

I'm sure that fellows and girls who read the Era appreciate Employe: "Thanks a lot. I knew I could rely on you."

and are in need of lots of good, clean, witty jokes to bring a pleasant smile to their faces. We need them now more than His Last Question

ever. Why not some "famous last words"or the like: "Halt!

who was it?"Jack A Roskeiiey makeFather:it short.""Yes, you can ask just one more question, but please

son: sick gets Small "Well, doc- a doctor and another when you. P.S.—The rest of the Era is still tops! God bless

tor doing the doctors doctoring to him, the doctor does have J.A.R.

$ doctor the doctor the way the doctor being doctored wants to be

Edmonton, Alta., Canada doctored,doctor as heor wantsdoes theto doctor?"doctor doing the doctoring of the doctor

Dear Editors:

have felt the urge to write and express appreciation for the To Match

I splendid article, "Men of Science,"by Richard T. Wootton,

which appeared in the February issue of the Era. I am conArchitect: "Now if you'll give me a general idea of the

vinced that with talent and ambition such as manifest by this kind of home you need."

writer among the young men of our church, we have great Prospective builder: "Well, we want something to go with

reason to anticipate outstanding results in the future.... an antique door knocker my wife brought home from Mexico

Elder Wootton can rest assured that his fine efforts have been City."

fully appreciated not only by himself, but by men of prominence in this part of the church's mission. I feel that I can safely Heredity vs. Personality

express appreciation for the Edmonton Branch of the Western

Canadian Mission, even though I have not been asked to do so. "Now, my boy, you understand perfectly what I mean?"

I have been working along the Alaskan Military Highway, "Yes,"replied the boy, "what it boils down to is this: If I

and during my work have been located in the remote regions do well, it's because of heredity, and if I fail, it's my own fault."

of the northland wilderness. During the long nights I have

fire, beautiful the of Aurora log a good found that a glimpse of the of Borealis, or the have Nonconductive and Book copy Mormon Era combined a perfect antidote for nostalgia. First student: "Oh, why can't I get this electricity through

With full appreciation, my head?"

Sgt. Rex L. Campbell Second student: "Too much resistance I'd say."

-$- Backseat Persuasion

in Somewhere for wife told ask a raise."you me to Italy "My Editors: Dear

if wife "All right, I'll ask give it to you."I can my

I issue of the found 103, the February page Era (1944), IN

B. written E. item and William Kimber an Hopby Lyman

Definition A first servin the School held regards L.D.S. kins Sunday to who

that the brethren Since they Africa. ices in mentioned North is etiquette?"Teacher: "What

it it is held quite theirs of 1943, obvious in February held was is the "Etiquette noise you don't make when you are Jack:

let other I conducted. hand, the us the before But one on not eating soup."

overlook the article that appeared in the August 1943 issue of the Era. The article says very distinctly, "for what is believed

to be the first Mormon Sunday School established in North On the First of the Month it first it It state held; that the did merely Africa."one not was

of Friend: wasn't account a very big your daughter's "That

it is believed. stated

in the papers."

this Incidentally, also of wedding case put as one the Era down may the sent to big account me.""No; was Daddy: the Proofreader."you, E. "Proofing and Kimber Lyman To

William B. Hopkins, I have also had the pleasure of meeting

Cpl. Belnap over here in Italy, and hope that you and I also Weakly Weekly

meet in the future.

Very sincerely, Joany: "Tell me, Robert, do they serve weak soup at your

house?"Arthur H. Brown Robert: "I'll say—week in and week out."

University Daze That Worm Again bred?"is college Son: "What

is college fouryear boy, Pop: bred a "My loaf made with Pat:Mike: "Even"What'sa wormthe use?will turn."It's the same both ends."flower the the old of age!"of youth and dough

Gravity Repealed? Typed

Housewife: "Isn't that expensive for a little pillow?"Customer: "Have you a book called Man the Masterl"

Salesclerk: "Well, you see, ma'am, down is up."Salesgirl: "Fiction department on the other side, sir."

416 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

BOOKS FOR THE HOME LIBRARY

History... romance...

adventure... inspiration

... entertainment

BRIGHAM YOUNG THE COLONIZER—

an account ot the Mormon conquest of the

Great Basin; one of the

world's great stories, vividly told. By Dr. Milton R. Hunter. Price.

$3.00.

DICKEASY-ECONOMICAL M.C. P. PECTIN

THIS DAY AND

.ALWAYS.. ENERGYRICHincreasingly importantjams and partjelliesofarewaran

the "spoken word"of time food supplies... helping relieve the Choir Tabernacle

broadcasts; a treasure wartime shortages of other rich foods

chest of inspirational thoughts. beautifully such as meat, eggs, butter, etc. Homeexpressed. By Richard $1.50. made jams, especially, are far more Evans. Price,

economical spreads than butter or marORDER NOW... garine and save precious "points".

check or money order enclosed. Easyto-use M.C.P. PECTIN saves you

Please send C.O.D. time, work, money... jells more fruit or

$2.50 F. Smith The Joseph juice than pectin sugar and any other you

Smith Fielding Joseph LifeBy of.. in-. doesn't costly "boil $3.00 can buy the Colonizer Brigham away"Young

Dr. Milton By

and AlwaysR. Hunter $1.50 gredients, so you get more glasses from This Day

L. Richard Evans By berries. Colthe same fruit or amount of

Pioneers. $2. 00 of The Story the Mormon

orless, tasteless, odorless, M.C.P. S. PECMabel Harmer By

Q The Gay Saint $2.50 TIN preserves and emphasizes the true, By Paul Bailey

the California Brannan and [ ] Sam flavor of fruits natural and berries.

Mormons recipes $1.75 Tested eliminate guesswork Bailey By Paul

D For This MyByGloryPaul Bailey $2.50 prevent spoilage due to too short a boil..

the... enable and anyone to make jams and D Unto ByHillsRichard L. Evans $1.50

jellies prizewinning of quality—clear, $2.25 Gospel Standards

By Heber In the Gospel Net J. Grant $1.25 tender, finetextured, with finest flavor.

John By A. Widtsoe

Evidences Reconciliations $1.85 USE THIS RECIPE for and

By John A. Widtsoe FRESH BERRY JAM Signs the Times sggg<&&&&. Berries $1.25 6 Ground Cups Fielding ofBy Joseph Smith

Variety) (Any Perfection $1.25 jz&&''//*Z&'ZXi': Way to D Sugar Cups Fielding By Smith Joseph 8y2 The Great Answer. $2.00 I Package M.C.P. Pectin iS*-

Margaret By Lee Runbeck qts. stem, Wash, 3 grind fully

The Apostle $3.00 berries, ripe completecrush or By Sholem Asch is so each to reduced berry ly Lincoln $3.50 Abraham

pulp. level exactly Measure 6 By James Dougherty

(fill.out berries crushed cups Burma Surgeon $3.00

D ThunderheadBy Gordon S. Seagrave, M.D. $2.75 lastsary),cupintowithlargewaterkettle.if necesAdd

By stir Mary O'Hara Pectin, well, M.C.P. bring

Long, Long Ago $2.75 stirring constantly.

Alexander By Woollcott sugar (previously add NOW,to a boil 'measured), well, mix bring to pw, boil. a full rolling EXBOIL THE BDDKCRAFT CD. ACTLY 4 MINUTES. Remove

Offices at Travelers'fire, (New Motor Lodge) let boil subside, from

St., 1465 South State Salt 4, Ut. City Lake turns and skim 5 minutes. by stir "*""* jVws - JtvvA%- jars, into Please sterilized the allowsend Pour books above: checked

'/i-inch ing sealing for with ) Name fresh paraffin. For (NOTE: JELLS FRUIT i JUICE Address MORE OR

Strawberry add Jam, cup -- % - SUGAR AND THAN ANY OTHER to juice lemon 6 each cupt J1 orders will receive Your -; prompt attention. crushed berries.) PECTIN YOU CAN BUY

-K -K * -K * -K * SAVE F O O D-B UY WA R B O N D S

RETURN,- POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY, U TA H

"BUILT UPON A ROCK"Many a small, insecure estate may crumble in the storm.. but life insurance, built

on a foundation of long experience and ample reserves, stands firm.

Wise husbands... fathers... breadwinners

in every trade or calling... carry lif<

insurance.

..''... ''

v(,,:..

->:v--..-..-.

-W**

'*ll

Hebet? vLSran*,, Pires. SMrUte'CWra