m m

IN THIS ISSUE:

NEW INTERVIEW FEATURE THE ERA ASKS: WHAT IS THE GRANITE MOUNTAIN RECORDS VAULT? THE ENTRANCES TO THE VAULTS SHOWN HERE

ALSO: THE TRUTH ABOUT LIQUOR AND LIQUOR BY THE DRINK

THE ROLE OF INSTITUTES OF RELIGION IN THE LIVES OF COLLEGE STUDENTS

The Improvement Era August 1966

% ''M MODERN DESIGN USES ANCIENT MATERIAL IN A NEW COLOR How does one blend some of the more interesting a traditional touch, are of modern plywood. General

aspects of traditional architecture with a completely contractor was Research Homes; masonry contractor

contemporary look? Pictured is the answer of Archi- L. A. "Barney"Roberts.

tect Ron Molen, of the Salt Lake City firm of Glen INTERPACE Face Brick in Sierra Brown met the

Ashton Lloyd. The structure: his own home. design needs of Architect Molen perfectly. This, or

Two of the oldest materials known to man are one of our other distinctive new colors, may just be used: brick for insulation and winter warmth, and the way to help lift your home's design out of the

wood for contrast. Face brick is Sierra Brown, one of ordinary.

eight exciting new colors offered by INTERPACE. The Tell your architect or builder that you want Face

wood siding is roughsawn cedar. Brick by INTERPACE, and have him show you the

Vertical windows accentuate the dramatic interior wide range of colors, shapes and textures that is space provided by a twostory living room. Dormers, available.

FACEQuality Architectural CeramicsBRICKby TlNTERPACE

INTERNATIONAL PIPE & CERAMICS CORPORATION 1081 SOUTH SECOND WEST, SALT LAKE CITY PHONE: 3284761

Los Angeles San Francisco San Diego Sacramento Santa Clara Portland Seattle Spokane Denver Phoenix Honolulu (American Factors).

..NOW AVAILABLE TO ALL MEMBERS

Decorative MissionaryTeaching Tool

'Stella 5, Izapa; an Unusual

'Treeof-Life'Sculpture From Ancient Central America."

By M. Well* Jakeman, author.

"*">*.n m,

TwentyMinute Professional Narration by J.

Wendell Noble, Available on LP. Records.

COMPLETE SET of 35 The interpretation of the remm. Color Slides...

in the carving given markable of Actual the photos the narration with recorded its surand Lehi Stone dethe slides is taken from tailed study by Dr. M. Wells rounding historical naJakeman, Professor of Archetive environments.

BrigAnthropology, ology and DESCRIPTIVE BOOKLET University, Provo, ham Young the brief... Covering enUtah. In a second and

larged edition of his book history of the origin and

Izapa; entitled, "Stela 5, of the LEHI an discovery

life'of Sculp- 'Tree Unusual V) STONE (Stella Central ture Ancient from

America."Now a copy of this SATISFACTION Guaranobtained to supbe work may

the narration and plement for teedof LEHI100%STONESatisfactionand acfurther study anwill be nounced within a short time companying visual and the Department from aids or your of Arhearing

Anthropology, cheology and remoney cheerfully University, Brigham Young

Provo, Utah. funded.

Uses for the LEH! STONE

Missionary 'conversation piece'

Decorative piece for home or office

Seminary & institutes Sunday School teaching aid Genealogy instructors Ideal display for loan to public places

For mission homes Fund raising items for Priesthood quorums, auxiliaries, ail organizations Use for wards & stake building funds SATISFACTION GUARANTEED

The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Contents for August 1966 Volume 69, Number 8

ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

Church Features Art 688, 690, 726, 752 - Ed Maryon

The Editor's Page: Thoughts for a Summer Day, 699,695, 710,744 -729,Ted746NagataDale Kilboum

President David O. McKay 69 704730—- JerryEd MaryonHarston

740—Sherry Johnson

Your Question: Repentance and Forgiveness for Sin, 748—Jerry Thompson

President Joseph Fielding Smith 694 Lettering 692, 738751 Maurice Scanlon The Church Moves On, 686; Melchizedek Priesthood: A Letter to Mom and Dad, 726; Photos:

Presiding Bishopric's Page, 728. 698701692 - Ralph- J ClarkMalan Heslop and

Grant Johnson 702—Church Department of EduSpecial Features 708—cationChurch Information Service

716—Paramount Pictures

The Era Asks: What Is the Granite Mountain Records Vault? 698 737751738, 739 -- RonRon HalesHales and Eldon

The Role of the Institutes of Religion in the Lives of College Students, Linschoten

Ward H. Magleby 702

The Truth About Liquor and Liquor by the Drink, Lindsay R. Curtis 704

Teaching: How Jesus Dealt with MenPart 2, Robert J. Matthews 707

Rotary Installs Richard Evans as International President, David W. Evans.... 708

Since Cumorah, Hugh Nibley 710

Best of Movies, Howard Pearson 716

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 722, 736

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 690; These Times: Goals for International

Cooperation, G. Homer Durham, 688; Buffs and Rebuffs, 684.

The Era of Youth 737 The Last Word ----- 752

Family and Home Features

Today's Family, Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

A Party to a Surprise 730

Stories, Poetry i One Good Deed, Mary V. Hudspeth 695

Poetry... 706, 714, 724

THE COVER

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 Ain massiveLittle Cottonwoodgranite mountainsideCanyon, 20 miles southeast of Salt Lake City, recently the shelters Editor; Zobell, Editor; Research L. Managing Evans, Jr.; L. Richard and and Albert Garter O. Doyle David Darold M. houses McKay

Associates; Pinnock, Editorial Family L.Knowles,Green, Florence Todays Eleanor D. Hanks, Gabbott, The M.Editors;Todd, Marlowe, Jones MarionE. Grant, Mabel Jav Granite Mountain dedicated

Director; Associate Editor; Art EraB. Youth Keith The Montague, General Editor;Ralph Editor; Reynolds, Era Elaine Youth Art Era Cannon, The of of of stored are in which Vault Records

Artist. Price, Director; F. Staff YouthNorman important microfilms and negative

Editors, S. Gardiner, B. Sfehry, Harris, Contributing Nd3Ley, A. Sidney Franklin G. Alma Jr., Hugh Durham, Homer (see records 698). page Church

S. Associate F. General Subscription Manager; G. Jacobsen, Business Scott, Florence Verl General Smith, Snarr, Manager; Manager; Carlos Jr., A. Glen L. Green. Doyle Photograph by S. Representatives. Advertising Evans, Director; Smith, Thayer Glenn

Superintendent, of Jesus Christ of Latterday Association Improvement Church General Men's Mutual Young of The of rights reserved. Associations Christ Subscription Latterday price, $3.00 of Jesus Improvement Saints,a year,1966,inandadvance;publishedmultipleby thesubscripMutual AH The Church

year, threeyear price. to $5.75; 3 years,of $2.50 the a year $8.25; each succeeding tions, 2 years, Saints.added

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act

of 1917, authorized 2, 1918. October July

responsible Improvement not The Era is for delivery postage by sufficient companied for andunsolicitedreturn. manuscripts but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance, and must be acbyCoverDeseretlithographedNews Pressin full color

days'Thirty changes cannot noticebe madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof asaddress.well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include. address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address

682 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

INSTITUTE OF RELIGION

RELIGIOUS EDUCATION WORSHIP EXPERIENCES

STUDENT COUNSELING

We are very desirous that our young people take advantage of the many opportunities for h ucation and, because of our interest in the college youth, we have now established 200 full or partti

Institutes of Religion at colleges and universities throughout the United States and Canada. We

urge you to participate in the LDS Institute of Religion program adjacent to the college you will be ing this fall.

The directors and instructors of the program are always available to give you help and counsel w school and personal problems. We urge you to get acquainted with them as soon as you arrive on

THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

ENROLL IN INSTITUTE OF RELIGION

For turther information write to Department of Seminaries and Institutes of Religion, Administration Building, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah 84601 or contact your local Institute director.

The Institute class schedule coincides with that of the adjacent college or university.

Now... in Salt Lake City

A Total Electric Home in the Sky Buffs and So Near Rebuffs

Was There a Rabbi Green? Home Evenings Away from Home So Much

In your September 1965 Era you After reading your "Home Happicarried a very heartwarming story ness"articles, I began to reflect upon titled "Saba"by Harry L. Glick. Was the much happiness home evenings

it a true story? Did the rabbi, have given me, particularly because

Mordecai Green, ever join the Church? in our ward we have a dear brother

John Ford and sister who share their home

Raynham, Mass. evenings with the young, selfsup-

porting people of the ward. Each of

While the story is based somewhat us takes a turn presenting the lesson.

on the life of the author's grandfather If there are any young people who who was a rabbi, parts of it are ficfor various circumstances are away tional. The author's grandfather, from their family, I would urge them

however, did not join the Church. to ask their bishop to arrange for

them to attend home evening with one

Subject of Doctoral Dissertation case—andof the familiesthat ofin mythe friends—itward. In hasmy

In your May issue you have an artibeen a wonderful blessing.

Now completed and awaiting cle on Samoa. My father, Adelbert Carol Ann Craven

your inspection... the elegant Beesley, one of the first missionaries Santa Monica, Calif.

Aztec is only a short walk from inDean.Samoa,He keptwas atherefourvolumewith Josephdiary H.of

the University of Utah campus his mission. He was a witness of the The Man with the Friendly Smile

with its varied cultural and greatminutetyphoondescriptionand wroteof it.a minuteby-A cabinet I would like to express my sentisports events. Downtown is containing his mementos is on exments of the Church's spirit of

only 5 minutes away. Many hibitCity. atThoughPioneerI Villageam 73 inyearsSalt old,LakeI brotherhood

schools, churches, shopping remember vividly father relating his As I went for a stroll one beautiful centers are nearby. unusual mission experiences. My day,

nephew is now writing a doctoral dis- I came to a chapel along the way.

Breathtaking View sertation on Father's mission. I paused for a moment, as strollers

Stella Dahlquist Beesley do;This elegant high rise stands

Calif. Downey, The door was open, and I wenton a pedestal of land with a through.

panoramic view of the PromImpressed by Spiritual Qualities ised Valley. As I quietly walked up the carpeted

I just returned from the Polynesian aisle

The Joy of Total Electric Living. areas pictured in your May issue and I met a man with a friendly smile.

like of a copySunshinepure electric heating would

I faith, not of your it.wasWhileveryI imam "I he,am the bishop of the ward,"said

with individual room controls pressed by the spiritual qualities your And he shook my hand and welcomed and electric refrigerated air missionaries brought out in the natives me.

conditioning throughout. andspiritualitytheir children,of the missionariesas well asthemthe Some other people came in the while;

Own Your Own Sky Home. selves. Mary Bush Hesmile,greeted them with that same kind

Prices begin at $21,194. Low San Francisco, Calif. A shake of the hand, and a pleasant

down payment. Rent -like word

monthly terms. Condominium "Best of Movies"AsLord.they entered into the house of the

ownership. You have added another touch of

perfection to the Era—your new sec- I thought, "What manner of peopleSee Model Apartment Homes tion on movies. So many times we are these?

Now. have taken our family to what we They seem so happy, so much at ease,

thought was a good movie only to find So like brothers."I stayed for the

it was not fit to see. As a mother of service.

four children, I am grateful for the And now I find myself o'er and o'er help you give in building spiritual Entering in at that open door.

homes and families. In this world And in my heart there is always a

and time we truly need all the assistprayer: aztec ance we can get. "God bless the man who welcomed me

there J. Hegerman Apartment Homes Minneapolis,Mrs. E. Minn. With a shake of the hand, a pleasant

Open daily 1 1 a.m. to 8 p.m. word, Thanks for your "Best of Movies"And a friendly smile—to the House of

Forfree literature, write or phone: page in the Era. This is long overdue. the Lord."

Dr. Clare Barlow Dan W. Hunter

Aztec Company Inc. Van Nuys, Calif. Rancho Cordova, Calif.

515 South 10th East, Salt Lake City, Utah 3645661

684 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sf r\ "\ Q essennaL \ ReaDMG15U15 -:--******?<??'for eueRY

laneRoaY saim Yourwh***

PROPHETS AND PROPHECIES OF

S'TU THE OLD TESTAMENT $4.95

by Duane S. Crowther

Contains an analysis of the doctrinal contrirj"butions of the Old Testament, valuable charts and maps in full color, important historical

TAKE HEED TO YOURSELVES $4.95 information, a study guide to each of the proGospel Discourses of pheticoutlinesbooksfor teachers.of the OldThisTestament,penetratingandvolumecourse

President Joseph Fielding Smith is a must for any basic Bible library.

During his 56 years as a General Authority,

President Joseph Fielding Smith has raised a warning voice to members of the Church. ETERNAL MAN $2.00

This choice compilation, issued on President by Dr. Truman G. Madsen

Smith's 90th birthday anniversary, includes Thisthat outstandingman is an neweternalworkindividual,manifests thewithtruthan some of the most forceful and inspiring seridentity "forever backward"as well as "formons which he has given. This volume will ever forward."The understanding of self to

essays will of these gained the study fromadd to the gospel understanding of every be life here meaningful and make now more

Latterday Saint. and make the eternities ahead a goal worth...

living for.

P ttaeret UNDERSTANDING THE A N COM Y Book THINGS OF GOD $2.95

AT 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE COTTONWOOD AND MALL by Alma P. Burton SALT CITY LAKE

BLVD.. 2472 WASHINGTON OGDEN Elder Burton gives us a deeper understanding 777 CALIFORNIA ST.. ORANGE. SO. MAIN

of the basic truths concerning God—that He

lives, that we were created in His image, that exaltation is possible through faithfulness.

Deseret Book Company, 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 777 South Main, Orange, California

Please send me Take Heed to Yourself, Eternal Man,

Prophets and Prophecies of the Old Testament, Q Understanding the Things of God, Our Moral Challenge

I enclose check money order for total cost, including 3Wi Utah sales tax for OUR MORAL CHALLENGE $2.95

Utah residents ordering from Salt Lake City or A'7, California sales by Mark E. Petersen

tax for California residents ordering from Orange store. $

Or, bill my account In a day when there are so many advocates of loose morality, Elder Petersen raises a voice

Name of challenge to Latterday Saint youth to keep themselves morally clean. He helps them in

Street this book with a forthright explanation of the true purposes of sex. M.I. A. leaders will find

City State Zip this volume particularly helpful in working with L.D.S. teens.

(Open an account with Deseret Book Today—Send for Details)

Era Aug. 66

AUGUST 1966 685 The Church Moves On

MAY 1966

Sao Paulo Stake, first in South America, 417th now functioning in the Church, was organized under the direction of

Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the Council of the Twelve and Elder

Franklin D. Richards, assistant to the Twelve. Walter Spat was

all L.D.S. styles include 50 Some temple sustained as president with Osiris Cabral Tavares and Antonio C.

in designs parchments. white and latest

Matching Mormon albums, napkins, other De Camargo as counselors. The stake has seven wards and one

accessories. One day rush order service. branch, with a stake membership of approximately 3,000.

Marion J. Callister, formerly second counselor, succeeded

President David K. Ricks of West Boise (Idaho) Stake. New counselors are Russell A. Relyea and Claude Brown, Jr. Elmo Watkins

Orr was released as first counselor.

Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded mail desired.) first order. (50c if air on

83440 The First Presidency announced the following appointments Idaho Rexburg, REXCRAFT, welfare of the priesthood presidents: Glen as mission L. Rudd

of the priesthood home teaching H. Rasmussen Name - committee; Don

Address. committee; Rei'd E. Bankhead, bishop of the BYU 38th Ward,

City, Zone, State - Brigham Young University Third Stake; John H. Groberg, bishop

of the Idaho Falls 26th Ward, Ammon (Idaho) Stake.

Butler West Stake, the 418th now functioning, was formed

MUSIC FOR M. Crumpfrom partsas presidentof Butlerand(SaltRichardLake K.County)Klein andStakeRonaldwith ShermanS. BeckROADSHOWS strom as counselors. The stake was organized by Elder LeGrand

Richards of the Council of the Twelve and Elder John Longden, assistant to the Twelve. President James C. Taylor continues to

preside in Butler Stake with W. James Mortimer moved from

MUSIC FOR second to first counselor, succeeding L. Ronald Folkerson. Don H.

counselor. second is the new YOUTH, STAKE & WARD Brighton

S. was sustained as president of Seattle Fox, Jr., Ross President

CHOIRS East (Washington) Stake, succeeding President Raymond W. Eldredge, who has been called as a mission president. Counselors are

Nelson A. Snow and Owen K. Jensen. President Fox and Elder

Snow were serving as counselors.

MUSIC FOR Appropriate Mother's Day services were held in many of the

SINGING MOTHERS meetings of the Church.

Approval for the purchase of WRFM, a New York City FM radio station, was given by the Federal Communications by International be owned will now The station Commission. MUSIC FOR of Bonneville a subsidiary Corp., Broadcasting Educational MIA national Corp., which is owned by the Church. InterPresident David O. McKay, urging the people of Utah to

is said: government meetings, "Good political mass attend WRITE FOR CATALOGS

parties place political on their major only assured, when both respective tickets the type of nominees who are honorably and unselfishly devoted to securing and maintaining the highest standards of leadership."

rrm Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the Council of the Twelve, in

'a prayer at Bogota, dedicated (Continued on page 735) Music Co 327 Broadway Idaho Falls, Idaho 83401

686 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JOURNAL OF DISCOURSES now only '59.05

Hundreds have sold for $150.00, Offer Limited

but now you can purchase the complete This special offer expires October 1, 1966 or as soon as supply is exhausted. Don't wait, order today.

26volume set for only $59.95.

This handsomely bound, finely printed edition is a must for all Latterday Saints who teach or study BOOKCRAFT

Church history. Salt1186LakeSouthCity,MainUtahStreet84101

Budget Purchase Plan If you wish, use Bookcraft's special budget purchase I have enclosed check or money order in the amount of plan: $ 1. Enclose $29.95 with the coupon and the first ten Please send complete 26volume set of "Journal of Disvolumes will be sent to you by return mail. courses"at special $59.95 price, plus free index valued

2. Next month, send $15.00 and you will receive at $2.95.

eight more volumes. Please send the first ten volumes of "Journal of Dis-

I agree 3. The following month, send $15.00 and you will tocourses"purchaseon eightyour specialmore volumesbudget forpurchase$15.00plan.next month,

receive the final eight volumes to complete your and the final eight volumes for $15.00 the following

26volume set. month.

Total price on the budget purchase plan is $59.95.

Name Free Index Address Send $59.95 with the coupon and you will receive City, State, Zip

the entire set now, plus a free index valued at $2.95. Special offer expires October 1, 1966. Offer good in U.S. and Canada only.

(Index illustrated above.)

SPECIAL OFFER ALSO AVAILABLE AT ALL BOOKCRAFT DEALERS

AUGUST 1966 687 BLACK & WHITE LIVI9 8 exposure roll

DEVELOPED & PRINTED IN JUMBO SIZE 12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00

36 exposures $1.50

COLOR FILM DEVELOPING 8-ExposureKODACOLORRoll per Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll

1 2-Exposure Roll per Dev. and Printing $3.00 ro ||

Color Reprints 204each COLORColor Slides SLIDES per Goals for International Cooperation 1 35 mm exp., Dev. and 20 Mount...$1.35 roll THESE TIMES

per Slides Color 1 35 mm 36 exp., Dev. and Mount... $2.40 roll By Dr. G. Homer Durham

Color Movie per President, Arizona State University, Tempe 8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll

transmittals. The cabinetGENEALOGY PHOTOS In 1965, in response to a request other

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD originating with the President of committee also expressed interest

PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS the United States, the First Presiand invited comment on 26 differof NEGATIVE, 54 each dency indicated some of the goals ing aspects of international life,

Send coin only—-no C.O.D.'s that might be sought in the field of ranging from agriculture and food

MoneyBack Guarantee international affairs. The stateto technical cooperation and inment was occasioned by a proclavestment.

mation issued by President Lyndon With jet airliners transporting usSAM'S PHOTO LAB

Utah B. Johnson declaring 1965 as an throughout the world and with in-P.O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept. AA Salt Lake City,

international cooperation year. A stantaneous communication by orcabinet committee for the year was biting satellites, the statement of

established by the President of the the First Presidency will have great

NOW ON THE PRESS ofUnitedState. States and the Secretary interestPresidentsforDavidreadersO. ofMcKay,this column.Hugh

In response to invitation,"on B. Brown, and N. Eldon Tanner

WIDE MARGIN transmittedMay 14, 1965,a thestatementFirst Presidencyto Presithenotedtechnicalon May 14,concerns1965, thatof whilethe dent Johnson with copies to Secrecabinet committee carried deep

NEW TESTAMENT cabinettary of committee.State Dean TheRuskdocumentand the tionsignificance,toward somethey ofsuggested"the moreattenpro-

was entitled "Some Desirable Obfound tasks and concerns of... with,Students, missionaries, and teachjectives to Be Sought in Internainternational cooperation

ers will welcome this complete tional Cooperation."It was one of full cognizance of the present state

New Testament (King James vermany submitted by 230 invited of international tensions and dision) on %Vi"x 11"pages with groups throughout the United vergent political theories."

fourinch wide margins for notes States and was available for conFirst, they declared: "We befor basis sideration at lieve the the essential human White House

is mutual form in any cooperation Internationaland quotes—$4.95 Conference on CoYour library should also include operation held iii November 1965. recognition of the worth of the

A summary of the 230 organization individual. Inherent and implied

reports, entitled The Record and in each undertaking of the United

ZION IN THE LAST DAY the Vision, was subsequently cirStates should stand the purpose of by Roy Doxey, paper $1.25 culated in March 1966. maintaining, promoting, and exMuch of the year's significance tending the free exercise of indiCREATIVE FAMILY LIVING was clouded by conflict in Viet vidual conscience and the protecthat also believe tion Nevertheless, the proclamaNam. of life. Weby Beverly Romney Cutler, cloth $1.50 to right the ownerthe individual's establishing "year"the tion had

significance in inviting review of ship and control of property is an

ONE FOLD AND ONE SHEPHERD some fundamental issues. Likeimportant adjunct of such purpose.

by Thomas Stuart Ferguson, cloth...$3.95 wise, the statement of the First This is in line with the common

Presidency has been obscured both law maxim that a man's home is to subject only his castle due fact of its inand the events and OLYMPUS PUBLISHING CO. by rights the of process law respecting of a large clusion with number

Box 6137 Salt Lake City, Utah 84106

688 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of life, liberty and conscience."

Second, the First Presidency affirmed "the historic principles set forth in the Declaration of Belief

Regarding Governments and Laws in General, adopted at a general assembly of the Church in Kirtland, Ohio, August 17, 1835. Included is the belief that religion is

instituted of God, and that men are amenable to him, and to him only, for the free exercise of it, unless their religious opinions prompt them to infringe upon the rights and liberties of others."

The statement continues with other portions of the Declaration of 1835, now contained in Section 134 of the Doctrine and Covenants.

"We do not believe it just,"said the First Presidency, "to mingle religious, or antireligious influence with the civil government, whereby one religious society is fostered and another proscribed in its spiritual privileges, the indiand savings your can profitable Now ever be more than July 1, 1966, its rights as ofvidual members, savings at passbook a full Deseret Federal earn semiannually! 5%. compounded.. effectivecitizens as denied."men, and years, For Federal Deseret 60 maintained an has record unsurpassed of safety and

Third, "We feel that the right to dependability, and through wars, depressions and times of prosperity has never know, to inquire, to communicate failed to pay a dividend and on time! Enjoy the convenience of saving by mail

and exchange ideas is fundamental with postage paid both ways, at Deseret Federal. Savings received by the 10th of

to human ivellbeing, and an esthe month earn from the very first. Use the handy coupon below to open your

sential concomitant of freedom of savings account now.

conscience; that to extend hypeaceful means the boundaries ASSETS NOW IN EXCESS OF $33,000,000—RESERVES

ivithin ivhich may occur the free IN EXCESS OF FEDERAL REQUIREMENTS exchange of ideas, without incitement to contempt or violence, should he an important objective of current efforts at international cooperation. Likewise, the safety

of the individual, traveling fromstate to state on lawful business DESERET duly evidenced by passport, subject to the same laws and their FEDERAL protection, is a matter of equal SAVINGS & LOAN ASS'N concern."The Presidency declared: "We 44 SOUTH MAIN 95 NO. UNIVERSITY

feel, demonstrated by our experiAll accounts insured safe by SALT LAKE CITY PROVO ence abroad, that it should be a aagency.permanent U.S. Government

constant aim and objective of the

United States to encourage the establishment and acceptance of a growing juridical scheme in international affairs reflecting the foreDESERET FEDERAL SAVINGS AND LOAN going principles. Although frus44 SOUTH MAIN / SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84111

trated and seemingly foreshortened Please open the following Savings Account:

Joint Account time tofrom time by misunderIndividual Account Qstandings, conflicting IN NAME(S) principles OPEN ACCOUNT and practices, the United States ADDRESS (Please Print or Type) should nevertheless, with patience, Street City State Zip Code inventiveness, and firmness, enSignature (1) Signature (2) if applicable deavor to find open pathways orSocialTax SecurityidentificationNo. No.

towards acceptance, in practice, of (Required by Federal Law) such principles."r Amount Enclosed $ This is a temporary signature card. Permanent

(Continued on page 714) signature cards will bePassbookmailed byfcr returnyour signaturemail. along with your

- SEE HOW EASY IT IS TO OPEN YOUR DFS SAVINGS ACCOUNT -

AUGUST 1966 689 Exploring the Now,wherever Universe you live... By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

WOMEN'S STYLES Women's clothes and appearance received detailed attention in the ancient civilizations on Crete You can in the Mediterranean Sea. At a

time 3,500 years ago the women had fine cosmetics, perfumes, hair preparations, and even tweezers to save 2 ways! pluck out superfluous hair. Skirts

varied, as Ivar Lissner has pointed out, from bellshaped to crinoline to "princess line,"as fashion dictated. Waists were slim and

tightly laced. Clothes were always

sewn and not pinned, draped, or clasped as were those of Greek

Free checking accounts women.

are available when you maintain a $300 minimum balance.

New 5% savings certificates are available on savings of $500 or more (additional amounts in $100 increments).

CONTROLLED EVAPORATION Seventyone percent of the preTi 'Open your account by mail or in person. Savings cipitationultimately inreturnsthe toUnitedthe atmosStates

certificates will be returned by registered, insured mail. phere by transpiration from leaf

pores and soil evaporation. Drs.

Paul E. Waggoner arid Israel

Zelitch point out that about five b@zions times as much water is expended in irrigation as in industry. Though

some of the million billion gallons first national of water that each year escape by evapotranspiration are directly from the soil, the rest is transpired through leaf stomata or pores BANKfM about a thousandth of an inch in

Founded by Brigham Young -1873 diameter. The water loss through

MEMBER FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION the stomata is controlled by pore

Nine Banks in the Salt Lake Valley size, which varies with environment. Present research awakens

Send mail to: Number One Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah hope that chemical sprays can

reduce the loss by affecting the stomata.

690 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to earn extra A wonderful opportunity money while you provide a worthwhile service

Lj ookcraft, publishers to the LDS trade, Bookcraft, 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

Name,is expanding its distribution and many Address choice dealerships are now available. City, State

I am interested in becoming a Bookcraft dealer in

There is always an excellent market for (city or town) (state) to be served:Bookcraft's fine line of LDS books and Wards

genealogical supplies. Bookcraft also disEstimated population of wards

tributes missionary supplies, gospel reNearest Bookcraft dealer, if known.

cordings, teaching aids, bride's books, Personal references (list two);

Name and baby books. Address

Name: If there is no Bookcraft outlet in your Address.....

Bank reference:

area, perhaps you will qualify as a dealer. Bank

Only a reasonable investment is required, Address and you can work from your home. If Type of account: Checking Savings

you are interested, complete the followMAIN STREET BOOKCRAFT1 186 SOUTH 84101ing coupon, and return it to Bookcraft SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH today.

AUGUST 1966 691 REVERENCE DUTY OF PARENTS, TEACHERS VALUE OF THE HOME

A mighty principle that contributes The duty that rests upon every Earnestly I urge parents to gather

is to arouse to instruct them in truth andtoreverence—reverenceright religious attitudefor theis withinparent thisand Churchupon every teacher their families around them and

Sabbath day and all things sacred. within the mind of each child righteousness and in family love

Reverence directs thoughts a sense of responsibility toward and loyalty. The home is the basis

toward God. Without it there is other individuals and toward of a righteous life, and no other

no religion. Let us not make society. The sacredness of personinstrumentality can take its place

Sunday a holiday. It is a holy day, ality is a fundamental teaching nor fulfill its essential functions.

and on that day we should go to of Jesus Christ. The problems of these difficult

the house of worship and seek our By revelation the Prophet Joseph times cannot better be solved

God. If we seek him on the Smith recorded this sublime in any other place, by any other

Sabbath day and get into his teaching from the writings of agency, by any other means, presence on that day, we shall find Moses: than by love and righteousness,

it less difficult to get into his "For behold, this is my work and precept and example, and devotion to duty in the home.presence the following days of my glory—to bring to pass the

the week. immortality and eternal life of May you be blessed in teaching

In our sacrament meetings all are man."(Moses 1:39.) and caring for and drawing near

supposed to have come to meet In this truth is found a fundato you those whom God has him and worship him, and there mental principle of true religion, entrusted to you and in watching should be present that spirit and it touches the very heart over your own. As you do so, love

of order and reverence which will of the government of society and at home and obedience to parents direct the worshipers'thoughts the peace of the home. Let each will increase; faith will develop

in the right channel. child in the home realize that in the hearts of the youth of

God help us to serve him with there are certain things that he Israel; and they will gain power

our minds, might, and strength. cannot do to gratify his own to combat evil influences and

With kind consideration for all appetite if in doing so he brings temptations and to choose mankind and particularly for those sorrow or inconvenience to other righteousness and peace and thus who have given us honored members of the household. be assured an eternal place in

names and pure lives, with prayer A sense of duty to others should the family circle of our Father.

and reverence in our hearts, may be a governing factor in his we seek first the kingdom of God actions.

and his righteousness, that all other things may be given to us.

THE EDITORS PAGE / PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

THE AIM OF MIA CHURCH WELFARE PROGRAM ADVICE TO YOUTH

The ultimate aim of Mutual The church welfare program was We hear a good deal of talk

Improvement work is to aid in established for the benefit of the about our young people these bringing to pass, under the individual just as the Church is days. Some say that they are

inspiration and guidance of the established for the salvation of indifferent, that they are losing

Lord, the immortality and eternal the individual. This program their interest in the Church. I do

life of man. functions: not agree with this accusation.

We have as the direct and First, by rendering material help I realize that temptations were immediate purpose the establishto those in need. never stronger than they are

ing in the hearts of young men Second, in rehabilitating members today, but the young people who and women a testimony of the temporarily without means of resist these temptations deserve divinity of God's work, without livelihood. all the greater credit.

which eternal life cannot be Third, in developing in them a youth of the Church, think of obtained. sense of selfreliance. the responsibility of keeping your

The MIA is an organization of Fourth, all—the contributors and

comfort and happiness to thedoing—and name unsullied! Think of bringing in its music, the recipients—receive an added

speech, drama, and dance spirituality to make us all real parents who gave you mortality!

programs, it has the duty to servants of God. There is the fundamental thought

present these arts in a manner Is it any wonder, therefore, that that will lead you toward God that is not only entertaining but our welfare projects spring alive and worship in true religion.

uplifting. These activities must at dawn each morning for several He is a recreant indeed who, to

always picture the best in human hours and near the end of the day gratify his appetite or his relationships rather than the and on Saturdays, as members passions, will bring a stain upon lowest. Participation in the MIA in all walks of life join together the honored name he bears or

program creates a taste for, and a in the common labor of brothersorrow to the hearts of his will to obtain, the finest in hood on the welfare projects? parents. If a youth comes from

culture and in life itself. such a home, with such right

When was the last time you thoughts as respecting the rights parents joined your young people of other persons and of society, at Mutual? How are they he will not go far wrong in his acts

progressing there? An invitation toward his fellowmen.

is extended to you to be at your next weekly MIA meeting.

AUGUST 1966 693 worthy of punishment unless the price is paid. That

price could be in physical or mental suffering or by otherwise paying the debt. The scriptures inform us YOUR that for every sin there must be compensation, either

by repentance or punishment.

Naturally the Lord cannot look upon sin with the QUES "least degree of allowance."Justice demands that

there must be recompense for the violation of any divine law. A human being may receive forgiveness TION

ANSWERED BY forandthea faithfultransgressionturningof awaydivine fromlaw throughsin. repentance

There are some sins which, according to the scripPRESIDENT tures, are worthy of death of the transgressor. This

is a divine law. Compensation must be made in some JOSEPH

way for every sin. For this reason our Redeemer, FIELDING Jesus Christ, came into this world and suffered a

painful death to atone for the sins of those who will SMITH repent and keep his commandments. This is called

OF THE FIRST vicarious redemption from sin.

All those who repent and accept the gospel are PRESIDENCY redeemed without having to pay a price in torment or punishment. In regard to this great blessing that

comes to us, the Lord said by revelation to the

Prophet Joseph Smith:

"For behold, I, God, have suffered these things for all, that they might not suffer if they would repent; Repentance

"But if they would not repent they must suffer even as I; "Which suffering caused myself, even God, the and greatest of all, to tremble because of pain, and to bleed at every pore, and to suffer both body and spirit—and would that I might not drink the bitter

cup, and shrink—Forgiveness "Nevertheless, glory be to the Father, and I partook

and finished my preparations unto the children of men."(D&C 19:1619.)

divine law of compensation demanded that an forSin The atonement must be made for every sin or there is no question: What will be the condition of those who forgiveness. In his great mercy the Son of God came

are guilty of committing sin when their sins are not into this world and offered himself a sacrifice to revealed and they go unpunished as far as this life redeem all mankind from Adam's fall and to redeem is concerned? every man from his individual sins on condition of

his faithful repentance and acceptance of the divine plan of salvation. Moreover, he came to restore the

answer: The dictionary gives us the following indead to immortality. This restoration is not only for

terpretation of the committing of sin: Sin is the those who accept the gospel of Jesus Christ; it also

transgression of a rule or requirement; neglect or extends to every living thing upon the face of the

disregard of a divine law or commandment. earth and even to the earth itself, for the earth, like

Some sins are more serious than others and less all creatures upon her face, must pass through the easily repented of. There are sins that cannot be ordeal of death and be renewed in a resurrection

forgiven, such as murder, without the punishment of based on the atonement of our Savior. So the scripthe guilty with the shedding of blood. (Gen. 9:6.) tures, given by divine commandment, inform us that

All sin, no matter what nature it is, is a violation of this earth is also to be redeemed and will become a a constituted law or commandment and hence is celestial body and the abode of the righteous.

n 2V/fY AH \f\ |I IbJf\ 1 ofit wasa buscrossingturningthetherailroadcorner. tracksWithoutandlookingcomingheupknewthe V I I I PP""/\)Jjf]f

sat up to see if Mr. Roberts were driving I | f Jf L/ Ly ( yV.vJ V*l roac*- He\J

today. That was when he saw elderly Mrs. Smith

hurrying up the road to the bus stop. She was coming as fast as she could safely manage, considering

her recently sprained and stillhealing ankle. Jamie

BY MARY VICKERS HUDSPETH leaped from the alfalfa bed and raced to meet the bus. Mr. Roberts pulled to a stop.

The air was still and Augusthot—so hot that the "Helloooo, Jamie,"drawled the driver. "Now don't

dew of early morning still rose in silver mists from tell me you are going to town!"

the wild alfalfa and pinkblossomed thistle in fields "No, sir, Mr. Roberts,"Jamie replied. "But could

beside the dusty road. you please hold the bus for Mrs. Smith? She can't

Tenyear-old Jamie Carson lay flat on his back, run so fast these days."

nearly hidden in the alfalfa, gazing at the deep blue "Sure, son,"agreed Mr. Roberts. "How's your

August sky and the clouds hanging there like cotton mom?"

bolls swelling in the sun. "Just fine,"the boy replied. "Awful busy, though."

Lazily he identified the smells and sounds of sumMrs. Smith limped up to the stop, and Jamie asmer: the everfresh sweetness of the alfalfa bed, the sisted her up the steps and into the bus. She smiled

notunpleasant odor of the warming tar on the road, at him in lieu of thanks, for she was breathless from and the beckoning fragrance of freshbaked bread walking so fast. Mr. Roberts waved goodbye as the

cooling in kitchen windows, for the womenfolk had bus roared away in a cloud of dust toward the few risen early to get chores done while their kitchens shops, bank, and general store where Mrs. Smith

still held the cool of night. went once each week to buy necessities and to

Jamie lay motionless, as a bumblebee busied itself windowshop, with nearby thistle blooms. He smiled at the mockingShe had seated herself directly behind Mr. Roberts,

bird clowning atop the fence posts between bars of They were old friends and this was their one oppormedleys stolen from more honest songbirds, birds tunity to visit and catch one another up on the past like the meadowlark whose sweet melody cut through week's events. Her ankle hurt just enough to remind

the hot, still summer air at evenly spaced intervals. her to place the leg in a protective position to preThen Jamie recognized the unmistakable sound vent further mishap. When she was settled and her

breathing normal again, she spoke rather loudly in thin and a little pale. It was probably the heat.

order to be heard above the rumbling of the rickety And the girls could be a handful for a young mother.

bus. On impulse she said, "I've come to take the girls

"That's a nice boy, that James Carson."shopping, if you haven't other plans for them."A

"The finest there is,"Mr. Roberts readily agreed. second squeal of delight went up from the three little

"How is your ankle today?"girls.

"A week better,"she laughed. "I know they'd enjoy it very much, Mother, but

"How's Jim and Lillie and the girls?"He inquired is your ankle well enough?"

of Mrs. Smith about her only daughter, now married "Yes, I think so,"her mother assured her, "but we

with a family of her own. will be very careful and walk slowly."

"I really don't know,"she said thoughtfully. "She "Then go wash your hands and faces and comb

would be one to keep worry from me while I've been your hair,"she told the girls.

off my feet with this ankle. Perhaps I should stop They hastened to obey. Going shopping was a

off and see."great adventure for them. Lillie and her mother sat

"Why don't you do that,"suggested Mr. Roberts. on the porch swing and talked until the children

"After all, if it hadn't been for Jamie Carson, you'd returned, flipflopping three pairs of hands for have missed the bus."inspection.

"That means I'm an hour to the good,"replied "Shall we change our dresses?"asked the eldest,

Mrs. Smith, taking up his line of reasoning, for the hoping to be allowed to wear her Sunday best.

bus ran its circuit only once each hour. "Do let me "No, dear,"replied the grandmother. "We will aloff there, please."most certainly have ice cream, and your mother would

Mr. Roberts obligingly stopped the bus by the white have to wash and iron again before Sunday if you

picket fence that surrounded Jim and Lillie's spacious, got ice cream on your dress.

shady yard. A cry of "Hi, Mr. Roberts,"then squeals "While we are away, dear,"she suggested to her

of "Grandma"arose from the three little girls playing daughter, "why don't you just relax in the shade and there. Mr. Roberts waved goodbye as Mrs. Smith read a while. Fix a tall glass of lemonade."

let herself in through the creaky gate. She stepped "That sounds nice,"Lillie agreed. She waved them

carefully along the flagstone walk while the three out of sight as they walked handin-hand in the little girls frisked about her, chattering. bright sunshine along the sandy path toward town,

Lillie came to the door and called a greeting to just two blocks away, talking as only little girls and her mother. Mrs. Smith thought her daughter looked their grandmothers do.

How like Mother, Lillie thought, to come and take made two lovely aprons for the bazaar. When Mrs.

the girls shopping just as soon as her ankle would Smith delivered three tired but contented girls at the permit. She went obediently into the kitchen and door she found her daughter radiant with accomselected the tallest glass for lemonade. Then she plishment and was asked if she would mind delivering

picked up the latest magazines from the rack and two aprons to Margaret Carson on her way home.

went out to the shade of the huge old maple trees. Mrs. Carson spread the two dainty aprons on the

She sank comfortably into the cushions of the bed to admire them, then folded them neatly and glider, took a long sip of lemonade, then placed the placed them with the collection of lovely handmade glass on the low table before her and opened a articles for the bazaar. She was, as always, endlessly

magazine. Her eye fell on a page where a clever, amazed at Lillie's sewing ability. Why, Mrs. Smith

easyto-make apron was pictured with complete inhad told her that Lillie made these in one hour!

structions beside the picture. She remembered that Margaret had planned to make only one of the

Sister Carson had asked her to make one of these aprons herself. But sewing did not come easily to

for the Relief Society bazaar. She recalled with her, and she had planned to allow herself one free

regret her answer: No, sorry. She was never able to afternoon—an afternoon that never seemed to come

do more than absolutely necessary in hot weather. along. She had even tentatively planned to make the

It was too hard to keep track of the girls when she apron this evening.

was busy at the sewing machine, and Jim's schedule "Well, Margaret Carson,"she said to herself, "it's was so full that she kept nearly all of her evenings as though you have been given a gift of one whole open to assist him with his church, school, and busievening. To what use shall you put it?"

ness responsibilities. Why not make Jamie's favorite cookies? She would

Sister Carson had readily understood. She had make some to send to Lillie's girls too, to show her

even asked if there were anything she could do to appreciation for the aprons. Margaret Carson had

help, but Lillie had declined. She could manage to been busy lately with the many details of a bazaar

meet all her present obligations, but she did not dare and couldn't remember the last time she had made take on anything more. Jamie's favorite cookies. But she was sure it had

Lillie rose abruptly, took the magazine, and went been much too long ago.

into the house. She pulled the remnants of past So it was, on a hot August evening, that Jamie

dresses from the storage chest, chose the prettiest Carson sat contentedly at the kitchen table and ate two prints among them, and was soon snipping a fresh cookies—his favorite kind—and drank cold milk

pattern out of newspaper. She deftly and quickly and marveled at his good fortune.

'(;'/.;.'''''''''

m *

i

The Era Asks:

Is the GraniteWhat Mountain Records Vault?

Beginning this month The Improvement Era launches an interview feature titled "The Era Asks,"which will deal with timely events, people, church administration, and state of affairs of interest to Latterday Saints.

This month's interview with Elder Theodore M. Burton, assistant to the

Council of the Twelve and vice president and general manager of the

Genealogical Society, explores the background, purpose, and some interesting aspects of the new church records vault.

vault at Little Cottonwood Canyon? q—what is the church records

A—It is a series of chambers in which are stored microfilm negatives

accumulated from around the world and microfilms of the completed

698 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA corridor the The front of genealogical the work of checked hills possible A—Surveyors sites—the many vault. processing film A

Saints. is renorth City, A chamber is of Salt Lake mountains at to the the right, room east of the and

office, cataloging, film inserved for records of the city, caves and mines. They even considered an spection left. rooms are

Vault interior is lined with First Presidency office, underground concrete and steel vault in the heart a corrugated steel, cement. but aside from that there of the city, but for reasons ranging from prohibitive

are no actual records in costs to loose soil to perennial dampness, these sites the vault—only microfilms. were all ignored. After years of searching they came

Q—Who originated the idea of a vault for storing uponCanyonthe20 granitemiles frommountainthe city.in ItLittlewas highCottonwoodenough

genealogical records? so that flash floods from cloud bursts or the breaking

of a dam—if a dam were ever to be built in the

A—Apparently it was President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. canyon—would not reach the vault. A twoinch test

Some 20 years ago he seemed impressed with the bore five hundred feet into the mountain revealed need to find safe storage for church records. that it was solid granite and devoid of moisture. The

fJJffTS

TAW wV

MME 1 El MM

Linguists check right: microfilm Above Looking down nominal cost estimates and added safety were clinchcompleteness.frames for a long film cabinets row of

The films are from many in one / six vault storing arguments in the site selection.

countries. If pages are age chambers. Over 4-4.0,000

found missing from filmed rolls, filmed since 1938,records, photographers are about halffill one of the Q—What was the total cost of the vault?

alerted to do "retakes."chambers. Rest are empty.

A-A little over $2 million.

Q—Why?

Q—Is the vault near the area from which gran-

A—Well, no one knows what might happen. Earthite was taken to build the Salt Lake Temple?

quakes, fires, floods, even hurricanes or tornados could conceivably come and destroy our records. A—It is not only near—it is in the exact area. You

Q—Then the vault wasn't built as a precaution brokensee, stonesoff usedthe mountainfor the templeand rolledwere rocksto thethatcanyonhad

against war or civil crisis? bottom.

is the vault structure? A—Oh, no! War is, of course, a possibility, but that Q—How big

was by no means the motivating factor.

Q—Why was the present location chosen? intoA—Withinthe mountainan areaandof approximately130 yards in width,210 yardstheredeepare

AUGUST 1966 699;Ssg

six storage rooms about 200 feet long, 25 feet wide, and 15 feet high with connecting side corridors. There

is also more than half again that much space for office and filmprocessing areas.

Q—What are the advantages of building inside

a mountain of stone?

A—The mountain provides us with more spaceabout 67,000 square feet—than ever could have been

had for the same cost any other way. Also, by going

the natural Though into a mountain, heating and cooling costs are avoided. A—The angle of the Below:

vault humidity of the The office space is heated, but it would not be too vault construction would ideal for film storage, isa uncomfortable to work in the temperature of the protect the films. A bomb special control regulator

guarantees proper humidity.

mountain. The temperature stays fairly constant blast coming through the

through winter and summer at about 57 degrees, an ideal temperature for storing film. At temperatures

much cooler than this film becomes brittle, and at hotter temperatures film deteriorates. Relative

humidity must also be somewhere between 40 percent and 50 percent for film preservation. The natural

relative humidity of the mountain year round is between 40 and 50 percent. And of course the 300to 600foot wall of dirt and rock overhead protects

the vault from anything up to and including a bomb blast.

if an atomic bomb were Q—What would happen

blasted in the canyon?

Far left: Office of microoutside corridors would active material from entering and destroying the

film production manager looks out across canyon hit a solid granite wall. films. The air is filtered because dust, which is

and is located at front It would have to make actually tiny pieces of rock, would eventually scratch of one of six entrances into the mountain vault. two rightangle turns, and and ruin film.

then it would hit a sixteenton steel door. The door Q—What provisions have been made for loss of

would prevent anything power?

Left: Positive microfilm from entering except perprints, for use by Saints

in genealogical research, haps a hydrogen bomb A—The power went out the other day for half an

are made the negative from blast right at the tunnel hour when lightning struck a transformer at the on thisfilm duplicator. The

machine prints at the rate entrance—and it very well canyon mouth. We are prepared for such emergenof 90 feet a minute. Three might withstand that. cies with a dieselpowered generator within the vault

such machines print about 50,000 feet of film a day. Q—How many openthatlight automaticallyand power forturnsouritselfneeds.on and furnishes enough

ings have been made into if an earthquake were to occur? the mountain? Q—What

A—Six. But only one is A—The Wasatch fault runs close to the vault, but

used, an entrance with a a solid piece of rock would move as a unit—if the

long tunnel that is built earthquake were strong enough to move it. It isn't

out far enough to provide likely that an earthquake would crack the 800foot- access even if a rock slide thick solid rock of which the vault is a part.

were to close the other five entrances. It could be depressing to work within a moun- Q—

Q—Were there probtain. What was done to keep a cheerful atmosphere?

lems in drilling or con- A—The vault is brilliantly lighted, it has a steady

structing the vault? flow of natural air, and in order to keep it cheerful,

A—At first it was the walls are painted in attractive pastel colors. In

thought fissures would be fact, a reporter from a national magazine was being found in the rock, but shown through the vault, and when we got to the there weren't any. Then water reservoir behind the vault corridors he said,

it was thought pockets of "Oh, I've got to get out of here. I feel like I'm

water would be discovbeing crushed—I have a fear of being underground."

ered, but there were Perspiration was dripping from his brow. As we took

none. Then it was thought him back out into the vaults, he said, "I surely feel

Above: A film processor that the walls would have better now."He didn't realize that he was still 600

checks film for density and readability. He then proto be shored up, but this feet deep in the mountain!

grams it for printing. The also was unfounded. The

reel holds a 1,000foot roll. strange thing is that there Q—Why are records preserved on microfilms?

were no problems. The only surprise came when the

workmen reached the rear of the vault corridors and A—Microfilms are the bestknown method for acattempted to go even further. They ran into a fracture cumulating a great deal of material in a small space.

zone and found enough dripping water for a reservoir In addition, microfilming enables us to photograph to supply the vault's needs completely. Instead of original records throughout the world, leave the

being a problem, it turned out to be a blessing, original records where they are, and have copies for because they had planned on pumping water from the use of the Saints.

the canyon bottom. Q—How much space can be saved by micro- Q—We understand the vault is airtight and the filming?

air is filtered. Why?

A—To give an example, a hundred years of the

A—It isn't exactly airtight, but in case of a blast London Times could be put on film that would fill a

the air valves snap shut, thus preventing radiocouple of shoe boxes. (Continued on page 734)

AUGUST 1966 70I ReligionFhe Role of Institutes of

H. MAGLEBY assistant editor, BY WARD

#Tm so grateful there is a place on many college he came—"still having a good time."

campuses where sincere students can go to find the Near the end of the second year of medical school answers to life's perplexing problems—where they can Clark's life took on a new dimension. A "library

find a knowledge of the truth."romance"with Gertrude, a Germanborn immigrant,

An honor student in college, Clark was doing well was nurtured amid books and papers. Soon they

in medical school. He was a quiet fellow and parbegan to consider a home and life together. Clark

ticularly introspective about the purposes of life. His viewed this with deep concern. He sensed the serioushome experience had helped to make him so, for ness of marriage and the importance of building it

while his parents provided some incentive to excel, upon a solid foundation. Gertrude agreed. In long

their lives were devoid of any satisfying purpose or conversations they pondered life's meaning.

goal. Clark knew that if anyone could help him, it would

Clark's classmate, Harold, was wellgrounded in the be Harold. "Gertrude and I are going to be married

goals he had set for himself. As a Latterday Saint, in June,"he said. "As far as your church is concerned,

he had deep convictions and was rapidly acquiring how important is life and what are its purposes?"

further growth through active participation in the Harold, searching for the right answer, mirrored program of the institute of religion at their campus. the deep conviction that motivated his life. He

It did not take Clark long to notice that Harold was thought of his participation in the institute program different. Through investigation he discovered that on campus and what it had done for him. He invited

Harold was a Mormon. Harold did not smoke, alClark to attend a class with him. This disheartened

though he did not condemn his classmates who did, Clark somewhat, but because of his sincere desire to and at the medical school socials he left as sober as find the real meaning of life and his great respect

W"ri Li U k w I

|i 1 w4'.:[* &*"-SOU"'

*s*Mfc

in the Lives of College Students

SEMINARIES AND INSTITUTES OF RELIGION

for the way Harold lived, he accepted the invitation. Now as Clark and Gertrude look to the future and

There he actually found a number of "Harolds"—that of little Helen, their baby daughter, there is new

university students, affable and assured, of whom he concern. This time their concern is not of uncertainty

had been unaware. And the lesson he heard—"How or bewilderment but rather an urge to make their

to Communicate with God"—was soulstirring, filling lives complete, to have their family bound together

his need at this hour. eternally in a temple of the Lord, which they expect

Summer came, and Clark and Gertrude were to do in the very near future.

married. The beautiful experience of establishing The institute of religion program of the Church,

their home did not dim their anxious search for the which provides religious education for students atmeaning of life. The invitation to continue to particitending institutions of higher learning other than those

pate in the institute program was thoughtfully acoperated by the Church, had its beginning in Moscow, cepted. Conversion came slowly. Clark's academic Idaho, in 1926. Over the years the program has

background demanded a thorough and continuing enjoyed constant growth. Institutes—191 in numbersearch, especially concerning the body and spirit of are now located in every section of the United States

man and man's ultimate destiny. Study, prayer, stuand in southwestern Canada. It is hoped that in the

dent testimonies, and activity in institute brought near future the program will be expanded into other spiritual confirmation to his soul, and he accepted foreign countries.

the restored gospel. Harold, now a counselor in the Enjoying the fruits of the program are 29,700 colelders quorum presidency, was asked to share in lege students. Some of these, like Clark, are asking

Clark's great joy by officiating in the baptismal for the first time, "How important is life, and what service. are its purposes?"(Continued on page 722)

Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis, a graduate of the University of ColoIf there is one thing that every citizen will fight

rado Medical School and a practicing physician in Ogden, for, it is his rights. This is as it should be. However,

Utah, combines an experienced pen with his medical backsometimes these rights must be curbed somewhat in ground. A former bishop, he is author of numerous publications on medical and church subjects. the interest of safety or health of other citizens.

For instance, few would argue that strict control over fireworks has not saved many lives and limbs.

fireworks away from children and from The Keeping those who do not know how to handle these dangerous devices is accepted as necessary. It protects

these individuals against their own lack of precaution. Truth There may be those who would argue that they

should not be deprived of the right to have fireworks. They may say that if one obeys the rules about of safety, he need not worry about accidents. However, experience demonstrates that there will always

be a minority of individuals who will not or cannot Liquor observe the rules. In order to protect this minority,

the majority must be denied some privileges.

Other things equally as dangerous as fireworks affect many more people. A good example of these and is alcohol. Because of its social acceptance, liquor

somehow enjoys a certain immunity from protective

Liquor

restriction. The repeal of the 18th amendment to the 50 to 75 percent of fatal traffic accidents involve

U.S. Constitution in 1933 showed that the majority drinking drivers. Maryland reports that 75 percent

of U.S. citizens wanted intoxicating liquor to be of the drivers and 60 percent of the pedestrians inmanufactured, transported, and sold publicly. Convolved in fatal accidents had alcohol in their blood.

stitutionally speaking, therefore, the sale of liquor in An eightyear study in Westchester County, New

America is legal. But the Constitution does not say York, revealed that 73 percent of drivers in fatal

that citizens must promote the use of alcohol. It singlecar accidents had been drinking.

does not say that liquor must be made available to Dr. Herman Heise, chairman of the American

everyone, everywhere, and at any time. Medical Association committee on chemical tests

The results of certain studies reveal that alcohol for intoxication, says that "possibly half of the percan destroy many individuals who seem unable to sons doomed to die on our highways could live and protect themselves against it; conversely, by the esover half a million more could be spared from paintablishment of certain restrictions that inconvenience ful and crippling injuries if the alcohol factor could

(but do not deny rights to) a few, we may hope to be eliminated from drivers."This would have saved

avert tragedy for many. about 25,000 lives in the United States in 1965 alone.

If this point of view can be substantiated, perhaps Reports show that liquor contributed to 159 of 477 we should take a longer look at the inconveniencing American privateplane air accidents in 1963.

restrictions. Let us review some studies and their One study reported that alcohol was a contributcorresponding results. ing factor in 31 percent of homicides, 36 percent of

suicides, and 39 percent of nonauto accidents such

Just how dangerous is alcohol? as burns, poisonings, drownings, electrocutions, falls,

Throughout the United States, statistics show that and industrial accidents.

AUGUST 1966 705 Although alcohol's role in crime is difficult to or indirectly affected by the actions of those who are pinpoint and figures vary according to criteria, a alcoholics. In addition to these figures, it has been

series of surveys revealed alcohol as a contributing estimated that 8.5 million other drinkers in the

factor in an average of 75 percent of the cases. The United States are in definite need of help because

lowest figure in these surveys represented alcohol as of their drinking. Unless they are given help, they

responsible for 16 percent of the crimes. But even will soon join the ranks of the chronic alcoholics.

at this low figure, 718,000 crimes in the United States According to Dr. Haven Emerson, former professor

in 1963 could be attributed to alcohol. In Texas of preventive medicine at Cornell University Medical

alone, the proportionate cost of alcoholinvolved College and member of the New York City Board crimes is over $500 million per year. of Health, "Moderation is the beginning, not the end

It is reported that an average of more than 25 hours of alcoholism."If more people drink, we may expect

per year per worker is lost because of alcoholcaused more alcoholics, since we are unable to predict who absenteeism. will become an alcoholic. We know that about ten

A survey among the district judges in Texas showed percent of all social drinkers will eventually become that 62 percent of the needy children (those cared chronic alcoholics.

for by the state) found themselves in need because About 50 percent of the alcoholics die before the their parents used alcohol. The average cost to the age of 51. Only 7.5 percent of them live to be 70

state was $298 per child per year—or a total cost to years of age, the life expectancy for the average

taxpayers in that state of over $11.5 million. person. The average life expectancy of the alcoholic

It is conservatively estimated that alcohol and its is 12 years less than that of the nondrinker.

effects contributed to more than 300,000 of the As of 1963, less than one percent of chronic alco410,000 divorces granted in 1964. holics were cured; in fact, a true alcoholic can never

be sure that he is completely cured. He is always in

Can alcohol destroy individuals who are danger of "falling off the wagon"again.

unable to protect themselves against it?

let'8 discuss specifically "liquor by Conservative estimates indicate that there are more Now the drink."

than five million chronic alcoholics in the United

States, a number that is increasing at the rate of It has been said that it is illogical to permit liquor 500,000 each year. Another 20 million are directly to be sold in one place (Continued on page 718)

HEART ROOM

BY CHRISTIE LUND COLES

"Where there is heart room Past the white frame house there is house room,"near to the walk

My mother used to say. On the shaded street

And true to her homely wisdom To have a refreshing drink

There seldom was a day Or something to eat:

When neighbors and friends, The homemade bread, brown in passing by or feather white;

On their way to town, Berries from the patch;

Didn't stop at the door Teaches from the tree;

Going up or down Teas from a newpicked batch.

Keep the heart's door open, Keep its deep love there every single day.

For, "Where there is heart room there is house room,"My mother used to say.

706 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How Jesus Dealt withMenPART 2 (CONCLUSION) BY ROBERT J. MATTHEWS

EDITOR, SEMINARIES AND INSTITUTES CHURCH DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION teaching

CONDUCTED BY THE CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM

Although the evidence shows that during his mortal these two tragedies* but the substance of our Lord's ministry Jesus was strong in his denunciation of selfreply was that the loss of life due to the sacrifices righteousness and hypocrisy, he was wonderfully kind and the falling of the tower was not evidence that and helpful to repentant sinners and to those who the victims were great sinners. We live in a world

sinned in ignorance. of law, and falling bricks are as likely to injure a

The prevailing notion among the Jews of that day good man as a bad one.

was that physical afflictions and calamities were the The Prophet Joseph wrote of this with these words:

direct and immediate consequence of willful wrong- "... all flesh is subject to suffer.... So that it is

doing on the part of persons so afflicted. The disciples an unhallowed principle to say that such and such

manifested something of this doctrine when, having have transgressed because they have been preyed encountered the man born blind, they asked: "Master, upon by disease or death, for all flesh is subject to

who did sin, this man, or his parents, that he was death; and the Savior has said, 'Judge not, lest ye be

born blind?"(John 9:2.) Later, in the same chapter, judged.'"(Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith,

the Jewish rulers demonstrated their belief in the pp. 162163.)

matter. When the man born blind (but now healed Since great sin can be a more serious tragedy than

by Jesus) forthrightly proclaimed that Jesus was a death, injury, or physical defect, it is grossly unfair prophet who came from God, they replied: "Thou and unwarranted to cry transgression as the cause

wast altogether born in sins, and dost thou teach us?"of one's unfortunate circumstances.

(John 9:34.) Jesus associated with sinners, but he did so on conJesus dealt with this problem in a number of dition of their repentance. The important thing was

ways. In the case of the man born blind he said: not so much where a person stood at any single mo-

"Neither hath this man sinned, nor his parents: [he ment but the general direction in which he was movwas born blind] that the works of God should be ing. It was the attitude of the sinner that was

made manifest in him."(John 9:3.) considered crucial.

When informed that some of the Galileans had been A touching scene is depicted wherein a man came slain in the pagan sacrifices, Jesus replied: to Jesus seeking help for his son. Jesus said unto

"Suppose ye that these Galileans were sinners above him: "... all things are possible to him that believeth."

all the Galileans, because they suffered such things? The man's inner feelings shone through as he said in

"I tell you, Nay: but, except ye repent, ye shall all tears: "Lord, I believe; Help thou mine unbelief!"

likewise perish. (See Mark 9:2127.) The man was not perfect in

"Or those eighteen, upon whom the tower in Siloam faith, but he was traveling rapidly in the right direcfell, and slew them, think ye that they were sinners tion. Jesus accepted his attitude and his faith, and the

above all men that dwelt in Jerusalem? son was healed.

"I tell you, Nay: but, except ye repent, ye shall all Some passages in the scriptures show Jesus as a

likewise perish."(Luke 13:2-5.) healer of both body and soul. He cured physical

There is no additional record in the scriptures of ailments and also (Continued on page 712)

AUGUST 1966 707 Rotary Installs

Elder Richard L. Evans of the Council of the

Twelve and editor of The Improvement Era is thenew president of Rotary International, a worldwide Richard service organization. He was installed at the 57th

annual convention of Rotary International held in

Denver, Colorado, June 1216, and his election became effective July 1.

Among those present for the installation program

June 16 were President Evans'wife, Alice (whose EVANSgraciousness has won the hearts of Rotarians around as the world), their four sons, and two daughtersin-law.

Also attending the convention was the 375voice

Tabernacle Choir with which Richard Evans has beenclosely identified. The choir presented a special INTERNATIONAL

concert for convention delegates on Sunday evening,

June 12. Rotary is a cosmopolitan organization composed PRESIDENT

of leading business and professional men in more than BY DAVID W. EVANS

12,000 communities in 132 countries and with nearly 600,000 members worldwide.

Under President Evans administration, Rotary's primary objective will be to foster international understanding for "a better world through Rotary."The new president succeeds Dr. C. P. H. Teenstra

of Hilversum, The Netherlands. The convention named

as presidentelect for a term to begin July 1, 1968, Luther H. Hodges of Chapel Hill,

North Carolina, the former governor of North Carolina and more recently Secretary of Commerce in the Kennedy and Johnson cabinets. The

convention was attended by 14,774 Rotarians and their families from 67 countries.

Tributes to the new Rotary president have come from many sources. From Senator

Wallace F. Bennett of Utah

came this tribute as excerpted

from the Congressional Record of June 16: and all that has proven itself sound, and to keep

"Mr. President, today in Denver, Colorado, a great ourselves flexible to adjust to our day.

churchman, a great Utahn, and an equally great "On Thursday morning, as President Evans accepted

American, Richard L. Evans, will be installed presithe gavel of leadership, the applause was tremendous,

dent of Rotary International as the worldwide convenand it was very clear that the new international tion of Rotary International draws to a close. president of Rotary was a popular choice with the

"For thirtyseven years Mr. Evans has been the delegates."

producer and speaker of 'The Spoken Word,'the The daily newspapers of his own city made the inspirational talks which accompany the weekly nafollowing editorial comment:

tional broadcasts of the famous Mormon Tabernacle "Not many men have had the distinction of being

Choir over the CBS Network on Sunday mornings. Rotary president in the sixtyone-year history of the

This program has the distinction of being the longest oldest organization of business and professional men—

sustaining nationwide radio program on the air. and fewer Americans, for men of many nations belong

"Mr. Evans personally writes each of his weekly to Rotary and have served it as president.... Being

threeminute sermonettes, which today have been elected president of Rotary International is more than compiled into eleven published books. For his great a high honor.

service to the broadcasting industry, he has been "It is a challenge to a year of strenuous service as honored by the National Association of Broadcasters leader and purveyor of Rotary ideals in all parts with their Certificate of Commemoration. of the world—a challenge we are confident Mr. Evans

"While these major achievements in one will meet with accustomed aplomb and ability."( The

field would satisfy most men, Mr. Evans Salt Lake Tribune.)

has expanded his field of service to include "Elder Evans'life is a classic American success leadership in both civic and church affairs. story: a young boy, reared by a devoted and widowed

He has long served the Salt Lake City mother, achieving uncommon accomplishments which

Rotary Club with distinction, which has led have brought him broad recognition, high positions him to national and now international of duty and honor, and now, the presidency of the positions of responsibility. world's leading service club. Yet, with all of the

"In addition, Mr. Evans has also served responsibility and recognition, Elder Evans remains a

his church in a wide variety of high posihumble, almost shy individual who, to quote Aristions. Since 1953 he has been a member of tophanes, knows that while his laurels grew, he kept

the Council of the Twelve Apostles of The ever in view, the heights yet unconquered before

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. him!'"(The Deseret News.)

"Because of his broad background and On June 16, KSL Television and Radio saluted varied experiences, coupled with an exemPresident Evans in a special broadcast.

plary family life, he has always remained in Among the mostasked questions about Richard tune with the times, and has become a Evans is this: How will he do all the things required

widely respected commentator upon social by his new Rotary job and keep up his other essential values."work? People have been asking similar questions

The Rotary Bee, publication of the Rotary about busy men for years.

Club of Salt Lake City, said of the new Admittedly it's difficult to give a definitive answer president: to such questions. The important work of the world

"In all appearances, Richard L. Evans at is done by busy people. This is true of Elder Evans'

the International Convention in Denver close associates both in his Church and in his other received standing ovations. areas of activity.

"In his keynote address on Wednesday, Somehow busy men get their jobs done, no matter

President Evans stressed the importance of what it takes. The Era believes the coming year

retaining all that is good, all that is basic, will be no exception in Richard's case.

Did Lehi and his family bring to the

Americas traces of Persian culture because of Zoroasters influence on Jewish thought?

SINCE CUMORAH NEW VOICES FROM THE DUST

BY HUGH NIBLEY, PH.D.

PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

prove common origin. 20 Moreover, are as divided as ever as to the

The appearance in the Dead Sea it is precisely the DeuteroIsaiah extent of Iranian influence on JewScrolls of a story similar to i\\at that is written in language "that ish literature."22

of Moroni and the "treading upon often means many things at once, The main difficulty is in decidthe garments"incident of the Book that shimmers and floats over ing what is and what is not of Mormon is another mark of the space and time"; so any attempts to distinctively Iranian. Teachings

authenticity of the Book of Moridentify historically what it speaks found both in the early Persian mon, according to the author. But of must "remain strictly confined writings and in the Jewish scripit also shows the influence of to subjective criteria."21 tures and apocrypha include the

Persian culture—and Zoroaster—Hopes for an objective approach idea of a council in heaven at the

upon Lehi and his Jewish conto the subject today are sought in creation, a division of opinion and temporaries. the Iranian affinities of Isaiah. rebellion, a plan of probation for

Since the Persians did not take man on the earth, a world period #From the long Isaiah discussion over until the end of the Babyof 7,000 years, the division of hiswe are learning what the even lonian captivity, it is assumed that tory into twelve periods, the longer Homeric controversy has traces of Persian influence in Isaiah resurrection of the body, etc. In

taught us, that once we have quesrequire a dating of some sections these things "Zoroastrianism allies tioned the unity of any literary to a period long after the lifetime itself with Judaic religious as composition, we cannot guarantee of the prophet. But here again we against the Indian and Gnostic

the integrity of any of the parts it run into a very complicated situaview,"while such doctrines as "the breaks up into. Also, we are learntion. D. Winston has very recently dualism of the Dead Sea Scrolls

ing that the resemblances and difpublished a lengthy survey of "The belong to the Iranian rather than ferences between texts do not Iranian Component in the Bible, the Greek or Gnostic variety."

necessarily prove common or difApocrypha, and Qumran"and Plainly there is a genuine affinity ferent authorship; Prof. Gordon has found that component to be a very here. 23

demonstrated at length that a real quantity indeed. Years ago But at the same time the Jews

change of pace, mood, subject matwe called attention to Iranian eleshare these same ideas with other ter, or even dialect in an ancient ments in the Book of Mormon, and neighbors both nearer than the writing does not necessarily denote if we are still at a loss to explain Persians and able to produce writ- a change of authorship. Neither, them, the experts are no less ten sources far older than anything

on the other hand, does a "striking baffled by the same influences in the Iranians can offer. 24 In fact,

resemblance"between passages the Bible; at present "investigators as Wesphal Hellbusch now points

710 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA issue of whether chapters 4048 practices not mentioned in the were written before the Edict of Bible but carried out or discussed

Cyrus and 4955 after or whether by Moroni in full consciousness of they were written at the same time, their archaic background. Most of

can hardly be expected to settle these can now be readily underanything. 29 stood in the light of the socalled

Further doubts as to just how Battle Scroll (IQM) of the Dead

Iranian the Iranian elements in Sea Scrolls. Since we have disJewish literature really are are sugcussed most of them elsewhere,

gested by the fact that some Perwe mention them only briefly here:

sian teachings are matched by 1. Moroni rends his coat and

Jewish ones that are definitely writes a highsounding slogan on a older and "actually indigenous to piece of it, which he then fastens

Jewish literature."30 We must not on the end of a pole as a banner.

forget, as J. B. Bauer reminds us, Such slogans and banners now

that much of the material in the meet us in IQM, Sections 5-7.

old Apocryphal writings is "much 2. Before the battle "when he

older than the books themselves."31 had poured out his soul to God,"

out, Iran is more often a clearingIndeed, it is as likely that the PerMoroni "named all the land which house for older teachings than a sians with their wellknown hoswas south of the land Desolation, place of origin, so what passes for pitality to the ideas and religions... and all the land, both on the

"Iranian"doctrine may well be "a of other people borrowed from the north and on the south—a chosen

fusion of Persian and Babylonian Jews as the other way around. land...."(Al. 46:17.) Whether

teachings."23 Thus if Isaiah 4445 Thus, the imagery of the light we punctuate this to mean that

"shows very close resemblances to versus darkness which constantly he named the enemy land desolathe socalled Cyrus Cylinder... it recurs in the early Jewish writings, tion and the rest "chosen"or that

has been suggested that both are including the Dead Sea Scrolls, he named the "chosen land"and dependent on the style of the Babydoes not appear in the old Persian let the rest keep its illomened title, lonian Court Inscriptions."26 If the writings, but turns up later in the point is that we have here the

same two chapters of Isaiah sugheretical Iranian teachings, plainly practice, now attested by the Battle gest ancient Iranian teachings borrowed from somewhere else. 32 Scroll, of formally blessing the

about the creation, the same teachNow, the Book of Mormon itself hosts of Israel and cursing the land ings may be found at a much earcontains one story that is far more of their enemy before the battle. 31

lier time and much closer to Israel Persian than anything in Isaiah: 3. In the next verse Moroni rein the Memphite theology of The legend of Kawe, who became fers to his people as "despised,"

Egypt—and Isaiah's use of Egypthe founder of the Persian monand he often designates them as

tian imagery and ideas has long archy and priesthood when he put the poor. This again is in keeping

been recognized. 27 his garment on a pole and went with the Old World practice as set

The case for Iranian priority in throughout the land rousing the forth in the IQM. 35

the Bible must await some means of people to fight for liberty and over- 4. The people, arming themdating of Iranian traditions, which throw the traitor and false claimant selves, come running to the

at the moment present "insuperto the throne, is the story of Mostandard, "rending their garments able chronological difficulties."28 roni and Amalikiah even in detail—in token, or as a covenant."Note

Since, as we have already noted, and it is far older than Lehi or the emphasis on the symbolism of the appearance of the name of Isaiah. 33 Moreover, in this particuwhat is going on; the making of

Cyrus in the Book of Isaiah does lar episode of the Book of Mormon, this covenant involves treading on not even serve to date the verse in Moroni is consciously and detheir garments, calling down upon which it occurs, the more subjecliberately following old ritual patthemselves an imprecation should tive appeals to a Persian atmosterns. In one chapter, Alma 46, we they ever break their covenant:

phere, such as the muchdebated have several ancient traditions and "... may [he] cast us at the feet

AUGUST 1966 711 of our enemies, even as we have of Mormon had access to records Cyrus; they go back to the time of

cast our garments at thy feet to now lost, and there is no reason Lehi and hence leave their stamp be trodden under foot, if we shall why the story of Kawe should not in the Book of Mormon. Such at

fall into transgression."(Al. 46:22.) be among them. any rate is our amateurish surmise.

In a very recent study J. Z. Smith But why would Moroni follow a (To be continued)

considers under the title of "Treadpagan model? This is just the quesing upon the Garments"an ancient tion that is bothering students of FOOTNOTES

ritual practice attested in the the Scriptures and the Scrolls. How C. Gordon, Ugaritic Handbook (Rome:

6-7. Institute, pp. 1947),newly discovered early Christian are we to account for "an Iranian Pontifical21Eissfeldt,- op. cit., H. Frey sees in p. 453.

vision, resembling in form Isaiah 4055 "aCoptic texts in which a person penetration into Qumran,"among of "beyond Revelation the moving St. John,"

time"; the dissee of space and boundsupon becoming a member of the the strictest of all sectarian Jews, all

Literatur Fohrer, Jahre cussion of G. "Zehn

Church would take off his garment dedicated to living the Law in its Zur Alttestamentlichen Prophetie ( 1951and trample on it "in token"of purity? How does it happen that 1960),"(1962/3),in pp.Theologische239 ff. Rundschau, N.F. 28

22D. Winston, "The Iranian Component in

having cast away an old way of life early Jewish apocrypha are "satuthe Bible, Apocrypha, and Qumran: A Review

and also of the trampling of sin rated with Iranian material"?40 of(1966),the Evidence,"p. 186. ForHistoryour ownof Religions,observations,5

underfoot, and especially "with The frequent association and AnLakeApproachCity: Deseretto the NewsBook Press,of Mormon1957), (Saltpp.

reference to the curses placed on identification of Old Testament 175-7.23Winston, op. cit., pp. 195-7, 200, 205, 212.

the inciter."30 Heretofore the cuspatriarchs and prophets with ZoroMForS. references,WestphalHellbusch,see note 19in above.Sumer, 12

tom has been traced to Hellenistic aster in Jewish and, following op.(1956),cit., p.p. 66.207. The quotation is from Winston,

sources, but it now appears from them, Christian sources, though Winston,27Hugh Nibley,op. cit.,in BYUp. 188.Studies, 7, pp. 3-6.

the newly found documents that very difficult to date, shows at Whereasday deriveAssyriologistscertain royal (e.g.epithetsWidengren)in Isaiah fromtoit is an original and very old Jewish least that the Jews had no antipaMesopotamian(such as Morenz)ritualderivesources,the sameEgyptologiststitles from

rite "probably to be traced back thy for the Persian prophet Egyptiansian. G. Fohrer,cult; bothop. cit.,are p.older72. than the Percit,, op. 211. p. Winston, possibly a contemporary exegesis wasto 3:21 (who of Gen. Jewish

cit., Eissfeldt, E. op. 447. Jenni, p. "Die 41 bei... Theologische Deuterojesaia,"des Kyros of Lehi). Though, as Winston Rolle."3T It has of being all the marks

out Zeitschrift, points 24i256, 10 pp. (1954),

the figure representing is a stock Cyrusarchaic and shows that peculiar observes, "the* Jewish identification that of salvation herald in ancient literature. Such

figures readily substituted were for eachblend of ritual and reallife beof Zoroaster in itself is no guide stock other; prophets listed Messianic thus the

havior which at first made the whatever in our attempt to ascer- 3 Ne. 10:1517 are typical stock figures, repin

understanding of the Battle Scroll tain the extent of IranianJewish timeresentingin whichthe theysamelived.idea A regardlesslater scribe ofwouldthe

so difficult and which puts such a interpretation,"42 it does suggest placenot hesitateof someto putearlierthe deliverername of whoCyruswasin lessthe familiar to him and his hearers. The name of

distinctive stamp upon some of the that in the time of Lehi there were Cyrus does not appear in the Book of Mormon.

historical events in the Book of sympathetic contacts between the 81J.Winston,B. Bauer,op. incit.,Theologischep. 191. Zeitschrift, 20

Mormon. 38 two peoples. If the original image (1964),32Winston,p. 7. op. cit., p. 202.

5. Moroni calls to the people's of Zoroaster had been an unfavor175-7.An Approach to the Book of Mormon, pp.

attention a wellknown tradition able one, it would have remained SonsY. ofYadin,Light The... Scroll(Oxford,of the1962),War pp.of the15,

that they had read of in their books such traditionally; ergo, the first 215,&lbid.,223-5;pp. and311f,IQM,323. sees. 1719.

about the two parts of the garments Jewish impression of Zoroaster was in J.HistoryZ. Smith,of Religions,"The 5 Garments(1966), pp.of 224233.Shame,"

is from p. 229. of Joseph and how Jacob reacted a favorable one. And that could Quotation"Ibid., It has special refer230-233. pp.

to them. (Al. 46:2327.) A remarknot have been the case had that enceSeeto theour skindiscussiongarment"Oldof Adam.World Ritual in

able thing about this story, which image come to the Jews as that of theBookNewof Mormon.World,"ch. 23 of An Approach to the

his hearers are expected to know an alien prophet of an alien people. cussion.S9Ibid., pp. 186-9, for a translation and disop. by heart, is that though traces of The most pleasing Iranian images 40Winston,aIbid., pp. 213-5.cit., p.On198.Zoroaster as Lehi's

it, or rather the merest hints, turn to the Jews belong to a period contemporary, see An Approach to the Book of up in the Apocrypha, the only inof Zoroaster, long before the days of Mormon,*2Winston,pp. p.42f.216.

telligible version of it available to us is in the account that the great

Dealt with Jesus How Men faith, said sick of the unto the scholar Persian Tha'labi picked page (Continued 707) from palsy, of cheer; thy good Son, be living in Iran up among the Jews

sins forgiven instance of sins. In the forgave the be thee; go thy way

in the Middle Ages. 39 Of course sin sin the forgiveness of and no more. palsied man,

we don't know how long those seems to have been preparatory to "And, behold, certain of the

Jews or their ancestors had been the healing of the body. The epiScribes said within themselves,

living in Persia—their being there sode is plainer in the Inspired This man blasphemeth.

may have been just a coincidence. Version (Matt. 9:2-7): "And Jesus, knowing their

"And, behold, they brought to thoughts, said, Wherefore is it that

But we do have here a clear indihim a man sick of the palsy, lying ye think evil in your hearts?

cation that the writers of the Book on a bed; and Jesus, knowing their "For is it not easier to say, Thy

712 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA w*>*<*

sins be forgiven thee, than to say,Arise and walk? What

"But J said this that ye may know that the Son of Man hath power on earth to forgive sins. "Then Jesus said unto the sick does SJk

of the palsy, Arise, take up thy bed, and go unto thy house."

(Italics added.) The scriptures do not depict silence

Jesus as unkind or unfriendly to anyone on the basis of sin alone.

It was a person's attitude about hissin that concerned Jesus most. He took

dealt kindly although firmly with sinners and accepted their genuine repentance, but selfrighteousnessand hypocrisy drew his most stingike?

ing rebuke.

4. Miscellaneous Situations

Silence is a Bigelow carpet called tightly woven to take the constant wear "Tell No Man."Cordridge? of feet for years and years.

Sometimes after performing a It absorbs floor sound and creates Bigelow has or can customcreate healing Jesus would instruct the an atmosphere of hushed serenity. the perfect carpet to suit every type of

person healed to "tell no man"Cordridge has a beautifully dischurch or auxiliary building.

what had occurred. (Mark 1:4344; tinctive tree bark texture in any of sixAs America's most experienced

8:26; Luke 8:56.) On other occateen colors. Its special design adapts carpetmaker we've done it since 1 825.

sions, Jesus would give instructions handsomely to the decor of today's to "go... and tell them how great new Mormon church buildings.

things the Lord hath done for Its 100% Bigelow Approved conthee...."(Mark 5:19.) tinuous filament nylon pile is dense and Jesus did not wish to be sought BigelowJ

by multitudes who were only curious watchers for a miracle. At

times when he requested one to "tell no man,"the same went outand blazed it abroad, and Jesus Hack could no more openly enter in that Millercity.

At times when many came to Reports w.

see him, not for his words but to see a miracle, Jesus cut short his For All * ministry in a particular area. ( Mark1:45.) Faith comes by hearing the Good

Iword of God and not by signs or Sportsmiracles.

Jesus'Great Compassion Jesus'compassion and love were greater than his desire to satisfy his own wants and needs. Upon

one occasion, when Jesus retired to a house in the borders of Tyre and

Sidon, he "would have no man know it."But when a woman

sought for him on behalf of her That's why sportsmen daughter, he "could not be hid."and sports fans follow

There can be no question but that Hack Miller daily in

News. Deserethe could have been completely the the fields, From

unavailable had he so desired, but streams and athletic he could not deny her, for he had teams, Hack Miller recompassion upon all men. It was ports the "on - thehis love that prevented his secluscene"action. Hack

sion. His compassion for others Miller's sport report

exceeded his own desires for rest featureis anotherin yourpopular and relaxation. (Mark 7:2425.) DESERET NEWS

AUGUST 1966 713 USE OUR NEW ABC CREDIT PLAN These Times BACKTO-SCHOOL PURCHASES AT AUERBACH'S (Continued from page 689)

PHONE OUR CREDIT OFFICE The foregoing basic consideraRICHMOND tions "to to were then commended Simple as ABC—come

TREMONTON the President of the Auerbach's, United States, Buy it, Charge it. to the Cabinet Committee for the

Pay the full amount the International Cooperation Year, to next month after you rethe National Citizens'Commission ceive your statement, or on International Cooperation,"and pay only 1/6 of your acto all the working parties.

count balance each month. On June 4, 1965, Harlan CleveYou are your own banker, land, assistant secretary of state

pay your account in full or and chairman of the President's in installments 1/6 each cabinet committee, wrote the First month. For larger purPresidency on behalf of Secretary

HEBER chases, arrange a Contract Rusk, thanking them for their

Account with 6 months or letter and the statement. "Your

PAYSON PROVO longer to complete paystatement,"wrote Mr. Cleveland,

ment. "is greatly appreciated for its

Phone for delivery if you live in our large delivery area: pertinent contents and the thought328-1188 in Salt Lake City area, 8251607 in Ogden area, ful concern it represents. I am

in 3742780 area. call Provo Outlying areas, Zenith 737 familiar excellent with the many

toll free. Delivery to north Tremonton Richmond, and of international cooperaprograms to south Payson to east Provo, and Heber and Midway, assistance sponsored tion and by to west Grantsville all Tooele, in and points between.

There will be a 50<t charge on C.O.D. orders. The Church of Jesus Christ of

Beyond our delivery area, write to Auerbach's, Box 1465. Latterday Saints, and I would like

STATE AND to commend you both for your inBROADWAY terest in the International CooperaSALT LAKE tion Year program and for the

CITY, UTAH many continuing good works done 84110 in the field of international coopIf eration by the members of your

Church."All nations may well consider Turk Evans these1. Thegoals:worth and value of the

individual and his right to conDiscovers the science2. Theandrecognitionto life. that religion

is instituted of God and that men

Swinging arecise. amenable to him for its exer-

3. The right of man to knowlIVorlA cated,edge, freelythroughoutand safelythe world.communiThe First Presidency contributed

something fundamental indeed to of the the discussion of international cooperation in these times. Public

Yamaha haveattentionbeen toslight,theirbutstatementthe principlesmay set forth should carry down through

"constant aims and objectives"ofTwin Jet 100 the years, not only as recommended the United States but for all nations to consider carefully.

WELCOMEI

Turk Evans, a longtime Yamaha fan tells of his impression of the allnew Yamaha Twin BY MAUREEN CANNON

Jet 100. "It's with safety way, Yamaha all the awardwinning brakes and oil injection Each rhododendron leaf, surprised,

to eliminate premixing. Its prize design winning plus simLooks up

plicity of operation class put it in a by itself- 1 have ridden In sudden pleasure, shaping like

! all CORPORATION YAMAHAINTERNATIONAL riding, them And for troublefree safe I'll take Yamaha."cup A SINCE 1887

Take a tip from Turk Evans and buy the Twin Jet 100. It's To hold the bounty where the dust

the first twincylinder sportcycle of its size ever to hit the Has lain...

road. If you can ride a bicycle, you can ride a Yamaha. The To taste the rain!

low price of only $409*- makes it easy to own. A dozen great P.O. Box 54540

models make Yamaha the topselling 2-stroke in the U.S. Los Angeles, California 90054

ANfiEl.t *", f'LUS MODI R r ".I T HP AND Iif. ""T I N AT I O N CHAhlll <J

714 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA dMHBHH iii ihiih,imi, tm,, mmmtm <Mi>'#Uiil*>*w< mnmtm*m***l0hmm*!l!*i tlNto i& k.mm>*ryHX

Go with Phillips 66...

the gasoline that won the West I

There's a real reward waiting for you at your Phillips 66 station. First off, you get

more gallop per gallon with Phillips 66 gasolines. (They had to be long on mileage

to win over those longdistance Western drivers.) Phillips hospitality had a lot to do

with winning the West, too. We go out of our way to keep you happy... like vacuuming your car free. Many of our stations are equipped with this service. All you have to

do is ask. Today the redand-white Phillips 66 shield is a familiar sight in 47 states.

So come on in and go firstclass...go Phillips 66. Get the gasoline that won the West!

AUGUST 1966 715 Members of the Bolshoi Ballet of Russia are shown in a scene from "Bolero,"one of dances featured in Technicolor film.

Best of Movies BY HOWARD PEARSON DESERET NEWS ENTERTAINMENT EDITOR

# Two ballet films with appeal land coastal town. Although the Russia and the United States are

for those seeking movies of beauty crew wants to escape from their after it.

in scene and music head the list trap, some members go into the Gullivers Travels Beyond the of outstanding family motion picresort town and cause hilarious Moon, a Japanese feature cartoon tures for this month. They are situations that build up to an un- (with sound dubbed) that has

The Bolshoi and The Sleeping usual climax on the church steeple. space creatures and toetapping

Beauty. At all times the comedy is in songs.

The Bolshoi takes audiences to good taste, and the final scenes at Out of Sight, a spy spoof with the famed Bolshoi ballet school in the church prove that "a little performances by such pop music

Moscow. Through a series of child shall lead them."stars as Gary Lewis and the Playscenes that move from rehearsal Walt Disney's new shows for boys and the Astronauts.

hall to performance, the producthe summer are Lt. Robin Crusoe, Paradise, Hawaiian Style starring

tion exposes audiences to some of USN and Run, Appaloosa, Run. Elvis Presley in a picture made in

the finest dancing ever filmed. The former stars Dick Van Dyke part at the Mormon Polynesian

Editing is so skillful one is not as a Navy flier who gets lost at Cultural Center in Hawaii.

aware of the transition from classes sea and ends up on a South Sea Tiko and the Shark, a simply to auditorium. island with a chimp from one of told story about a South Sea island

Five dances make up the proAmerica's early space programs. native youngster who lives an

duction, with the wellknown Run, Appaloosa, Run, which idyllic life and even befriends a "Bolero"being the most familiar. features beautiful scenery and shark, whom he later has to proAnother features a colorful Russian scores of horses, tells of a young tect from commercial traders who

village festival. "The Dying Swan"Nez Perce Indian girl who raises move into the island.

is beautifully filmed and danced, an Appaloosa horse with which she Around the World Under the and the other numbers are equally wins an important race. Sea, the sciencefiction story about

well done. Several other pictures that Latlaying an earthquake warning sysThe Sleeping Beauty is preter-day Saint families should find tem along the floor of the ocean.

sented by Leningrad's Kirov Ballet worthy of patronage include the Maya, the adventurefilled story with the familiar fairy tale detailed following: of a young boy who goes to India

against the background of elaboBlindfold, a diverting thriller to find the father whom he has rate sets and costumes and a comedy about a kidnaping involvbeen told is a hero but discovers dreamlike mood created with ing top scientists and enemy agents, is actually a coward. In the end

muted pastels and unusually soft with some slapstick moments. the boy sees his father become a

photography. The Glass Bottom Boat, a hero after all.

The Russians Are Coming, The comedy starring Doris Day, Rod The movie industry still has in

Russians Are Coming is a comedy Taylor, and Arthur Godfrey in a release such remarkable pictures as that tells what happens when a story about an electronic genius The Sound of Music, Born Free,

Russian submarine finds itself who invents a topsecret rocket and Battle of the Bulge, each of trapped in the cove of a New Engdevice and then finds that both which can be recommended.

716 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA We've found a way to keep up with the Jones kids!

A modern able school must be to add, is Lennox ways unique. It DMS manymove, or eliminate walls at the drop 42"of a nestles low the roof. on

subject. heat, It can cool, ventilate at the same that So Why? today's lecture hall can It instant. provide, can if required, dif12 threebecome classrooms tomorrow, if ferent air temperatures different to 12needs change. simultaneously. rooms

What makes walls, Movable arrives unit The completely assembledof course. But moreit possible?importantly, the wired, Lenand including controls. Just onenox heatingair conditioning DMS system. source of responsibility!

Its flexible ducts (or plug unplug) anyIt is unquestionably the most modern intowhere theceiling, and move around to heat way and industrialas the walls move! plants, schools, multiclinics—wherevercool offices, Before Lennox DMS, is for hard it was zone control needed.

comfort to follow changing spaces. HeatFor detailed information, write Lennox

airing and conditioning were "locked"to Inc., Industries Street, 2200 South Main

floor!the City, Lake LENNOX Utah. AIRHnHHBHHBMHI.I CONDITIONING HEATING Salt

AUGUST 1966 717 NONDRINKING DRIVERS:

The Truth About Liquor (Continued from page 706)

another. and not a deny "Why

liquor If your present insurance man person with his meals if he desires it?"some ask. "It keeps out

much of our tourist trade,"others offer you this bargainsay.sands "Itof dollarscosts businessmenin lost customersthouWONT who drive to other states where

liquor is served.""Let's have 'liquor

by the drink, not liquor by the drunk/...WE WILL! The real debate seems to be

whether or not liquor should be served anyplace, such as restaurants, clubs, and cafes, rather than "All the protection of only through stateowned or controlled liquor stores. Before we

most standard auto take a definite stand on either side policies—PLUS EIGHT of this issue, let's examine some

ADDITIONAL BROADER facts.In order to compare liquor by the

COVERAGES... and drink with packaged liquor disit will cost you less tribution, let's allow some figures

to answer a few questions:

than standard rates!"

Is more liquor consumed Wm. N. Plymat, President per capita in states that

Preferred Risk Mutual have liquor ty the drink? Insurance Company

The answer is an emphatic yes!

In Iowa the amount spent for If your insurance man offered you a better policy—at lowerthan-standardrates—would you accept his offer? Of course bottledbottleonlyliquorsales wasthe $44,598,253.30.last year of

you would. That's a genuine bargain! Preferred Risk The amount spent in the first year

Mutual's FAMILY AUTO POLICY—for nondrinkers only after legalization of liquor by the—offers you all the protection of standard auto policies drink was $75,173,020.01-a total

PLUS EIGHT ADDITIONAL, BROADER COVERAGES increase in liquor sales of $30,574,-—AT LOWER COST than standard bureau rates! If your 766.71. In other words, liquor

milincreased consumption $30 by presentWE WILL!insurance man won't offer you this bargain in just year! one lion (68 percent)

MONEYBACK GUARANTEE According to a 1961 survey of

ASK FOR YOUR PERSONAL RATE QUOTATION TODAY—the American Businessmen's ReLook for your Preferred Risk Mutual agent in "Yellow Pages,"or search Foundation, states that have

just bottle or package sales had per capita consumption of.93 gallon.

States that had similar controls but permitted sale of liquor by the

INSURANCE CO. drink had per capita consumption

2150 So. 2nd West, Dept. 8-66 of 1.30 gallon. This means that

Please send me, without obligation, complete information on your automobile insurance for Total Abstainers, almost 40 percent more liquor is or 5 1 am a total abstainer, and have had no accidents for the past 3 Q one)D years. consumed in states that allow sale (Check

of liquor by the drink.

Name, Address I have had my driver's license City State.years. Is there more drunk drivOccupation No. of Cars in Family I have taken a ing in areas that have liquor

driver training j the by the drink? anAgain t nCar. of iiMa ike..Model Year. of No. cyls course, Yes p No n is yes! swer

Is Car Used for: Circle Owner ALL Auto OTHER My DRIVERS MYSELF PRINCIPAL of This Car DRIVER Insurance Business I. 2. 3.

Expires: Battle In Creek, durMichigan,

Pleasure BIRTH DATE Month ing the first six months of liquor

To and from work SEX Day by the drink, drunkdriving arrests....miles one way MARRIED Year. increased 50 percent—and drunkAmerica's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Company

Not available in New York, New Jersey, Maryland, Massachusetts, North Carolina, or Virginia.

718 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MR. FREDERICK DAVIS, Conductor of the famed SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

MORMON CHOIR, proudly seated at the Yamaha Grand Piano.

Director Davis is one more recognized musical authortural integrity have made it the choice of conservaity and artist who appreciates the superb qualities of tories and universities around the world, as well as an

Yamaha pianos. Certainly, his opinion is based on his approved purchase by Wards and Stakes throughout the

community. Mormon the without within and both experience musicalwide ideal is an grand or upright a Yamaha Certainly, community.Mormon junior hall, chapel, cultural home, the Ward for piano musical Davis'Mr. fine musicians, with so many As church other and rooms, Society Relief school, Sunday magnificent tone, superb to Yamaha's respondsear

resonance, and clean, responsive action. Qualities that uses.

only exacting craftsmanship can build into a fine We are indeed proud that an artist of Mr. Davis'

musical instrument for the home or church. stature recognizes the superiority of the Yamaha piano

That same craftsmanship is responsible for the reand equally proud when Mormon churches specify markable durability of the Yamaha piano. Its ability to the Yamaha quality piano for its performance and

retain perfect tune for extended periods and its strucdurability.

Since 1887 Write direct for free helpful literature and specifications:

7733 Telegraph Road, Montebello, California 150 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York YAMAHAINTERNATIONAL CORPORATION

AUGUST 1966 719 UNIQUE FETZER TABLE ENHANCES EMIGRATION driving arrests of women increased

STAKE HIGH COUNCIL ROOM 700 percent! In Flint, Michigan, in

This handsome and practhe first year of liquor by the tical table was designed to drink, arrests for drunkenness inaccommodate Stake High creased 47 percent.

Council meetings. One

end of the table is wider Are there more alcoholics than seats the other and of Presin states that have liquor by the the members idency. Space for two the drink? Yes!

is clerks stake provided According to Yale University at the opposite end.

Quarterly Studies on Alcohol, 34

SALT LAKE CABINET AND FIXTURE COMPANY statescenses withhaveliquorby-thedrink50 percent moreli1436 South West Temple - Salt Lake City, Utah alcoholics per capita than do 12 states with bottle sales only.

Why do people consume more liquor when liquor is served by the drink?

Reports show that more alcohol is consumed by more people when HOLY LAND liquor by the drink is permitted because taverns push "the second drink."Note some of the following with liquor advertisements: N.>C\

lucrative W. Cleon Skousen customer"The extracansalebe tomorean established

than attracting a new customer."

business. More drinks, more uses, Oct. 11 Departure "New drinks, new uses, new more business."

"They won't order a second MURDOCH TRAVEL, INC. steak, but they can and will order

14 South Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah a second drink! And that's where

PLEASE SEND ME FULL PARTICULARS ON your profit lies."

THE FALL TOUR OF THE HOLY LAND. Why would there be more

drinking drivers if liquorName "h "scl*"jfc*.,,

bythe-drink sales are perAddress Jl Hfct, j'mitted?

City State I L "W"k Surveys show that when drink

IE-8-66 I Hk it is available only in bottles, a man buys a bottle, takes it home to drink, and then retires. When

liquor is everywhere available by the glass or drink, a man consumes one, two, or more drinks and then

YOUNG MEN drives home. This is usually at

WANTED AS: nightvisibilitywhenalso fatigueenter intoand thepoorerpicVkr Store Managers ture. The social drinker may thus

if Manufacturer's Representative become a hazard on the highway.

T*r Sales Managers Do you want more drinking drivers if Advertising on your road?

Executives if Department What is the difference beBEAUTIFULLY STYLED LDS GIFTS! "WE BEManagers tween the "drunk"driver

I 3 Articles enof Faith LIEVE BRACELET"for yourself Prepare a and the "drinking"driver? career paying by good scrolls.graved plated on heavily gold $1.50

in "LD's"- Scroll PinsLDS QuestionGolden LDS course. are MarketingSalesenrolling with charged drunken To be

exquisitely lapel, gold molded, plated sweater

FREE PLACEMENT JOB driving, a one have blood mustor lie pins choice Your each. $1.00 Temple FOR GRADUATES level alcohol of percent. 0.15 HowTie Clips Polished Silver finor Antique Gold

19 SEPTEMBER FALL QUARTER BEGINS level, this ever, at onethirdish or 0.05 each. set Link $1.00 Cuff Matching $1.50

for our catalog Write new in silver All goldTemple Key or Chain $1.00. are percent, impaired. many people

N. Mr. Saunders W.orders paid. shipped Available post at your

LDS BUSINESS COLLEGE local store or Service book send to order LDS 1 E. 41 South Temple

Card Co.., Box 757, Pico Rivera, California Salt Lake City, Utah

720 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Legally they cannot be charged A Texas liquor control board Will more liquor be conwith driving while intoxicated. But survey reported that 57 percent of sumed by minors if liquor is

the judgment of such drinking the money spent for liquor went sold by the drink? Yes! drivers is defective, their reflexes out of the state again to breweries

are slowed, and they may be and distilleries. Since more money It is impossible to police and

sleepy and partially drugged. is spent for liquor when it is sold regulate liquor that is sold by the

What is the trafficmile- bybottlethe only,drink moreinsteadmoneyof limitedis takento drink.admit this.TavernA ownersheadlinethemselvesin the

age death rate for states that from other local businesses. June 15, 1964, issue of Journal of

have packagesales or bottled the Liquor Industry states: "High

liquor only compared with Wouldn't the state collect Court Says Licensees Can't Oversee article begins, "The states that have liquor by more in taxes if liquor by Minors."The

state superior of court Pennsylpermitted? drink were the drink? the last vania the upheld Liquor week is no! answer The

that Control Board's contention Safety Council National The 'proper cannot provide period, Reports indicate that less taxes licensees for a tenyear that found the trafficdeath rate per 100 milare collected per liquor dollar supervision'for minors on their sold liquor is premises."by the drink when lion as follows: miles was

it or is packaged than when In summary, then, we might constate packagesales-only (a Iowa until recently)—5.57. The surbottled. For instance, when oneclude from the surveys and studies

rounding liquorby-thedrink states fifth of liquor is sold, the tax rethat liquor by the drink will not of Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois, turn to the state is the same cause people to be more moderate

Missouri, Nebraska, and South whether in bottle or glass. But in their drinking, decrease the

Dakota—5.98, or 7.2 percent more liquor by the drink costs the amount of drunkenness, decrease

motor vehicle deaths than Iowa. customer much more; hence the traffic accidents or fatalities, destate taxes, to the per dollar spent crease return or increase income states Surrounding Utah—6.60.

less. taxes. for liquor liquor from is much Colorado, of Idaho, Wyoming, New

Mexico, Arizona, and Nevada (all Liquor by the drink will cause to start drinking, enof which have liquor by the drink Do liquor taxes provide more people—8.26. The surrounding states in considerable revenue for the able more minors to obtain liquor

this case have 25 percent more state? Again, no! and to drink, increase the crime

motor vehicle deaths. rate, increase traffic accidents and

In Texas, such alcoholcaused fatalities, contribute to more peoBut doesn't liquor by the costs as crime, welfare, lost jobs ple becoming chronic alcoholics, due to absenteeism, and extra contribute to poverty and loss of drink bring more tourist policing cost the state $37 for jobs.

trade and money into the every dollar the state collects as And this is the truth about liquor state? No! liquor tax. by the drink!

MANAGE AID

The proven Home Teaching and Organizationalcontrol system. you can't compete in

$1.65 per panel including inserts and prepaid

(U.S.).postage...

Multiply number of Ward families by 2V2 and today's markets divide by 40 to determine the number of panels needed. using yesterday's methods!

Phone SLC 2773995 for free demonstrations in the Salt Lake, Ogden, and Provo areas. Is your knowledge of modern farm techniques and

Write: P.O. Box 6233 Sugarhouse Station, SLC, farm management keeping pace with new Agricultural

Utah. advancements for greater profits?

Fill the offmonths with increased farm and ranch knowhow through a HomeStudy Course in

Hotomatic Gas Water Healer #3 all needed Will hot the supply water AGRICULTURAL ECONOMICS

Kitchens, Baptistries, for Church - 3 credits) Farm and Ranch Management 20 (325x Rest 450 Heats Rooms. GPH,

rise in temperature. Write for free Complete class catalog available on request.

Fiberglass folders on water heaters,

Baptistries and spires. Also

Electric Water Heaters.

LITTLE MFG. GIANT

Texas 7th Street, Orange, 907 CO. B.Y.U. HOME STUDY

Provo, Utah

Thelnternational Please send complete catalog of Home StudyE-8-66Courses to:

House of Pancakes Name AddressRestaurants the Yellow Pages for the one nearest you City State. Zip Check

AUGUST 1966 721 Institutes of Religion service in the kingdom of our outside, looking toward our insti- (Continued from page 703) Father. The program also gave me tute building. His gaze swept the

the finest man in the world, for it structure from one side to the

Others were born and reared in the was in the activities of the instiother as if he were recalling a

Church. For students away from tute that we met, dated, and cherished memory. He was on the

home for the first time, the insticourted. We will be going to the young side of middle age, welltute provides a continuing environtemple in two weeks to solemnize dressed, with the clean, confident

ment of church standards and our marriage for eternity,"she look of a successful businessman.

activities. added happily. He introduced himself and stated

One of the objectives of the inMore than 200 dedicated, wellthat he was just passing through stitute program is to help students qualified instructors are engaged the city and had made a special increase their faith and testimony in the institute program, one of point of stopping. 'You see,'he

of the restored gospel and the diwhom shares a choice experience said, T was born here several vine origin of The Church of Jesus with us: years ago.'

Christ of Latterday Saints. "I first saw this man standing "The institute building is located

Marjory and her family had always been active in the Church.

Marjory had a knowledge and testimony of the gospel before she went to college; her faith was

institutestrong. her However, ". inTHE SOMEWHERE, BEFORE SPOKENstructor in her supplied something *

a WORD.life that lacking been possibly had EVOLUTION..

up to this point.

Despite her testimony, Marjory had difficulty in deciding whether RICHARD I. EVANS

or not she should fulfill a mission.

instructor, interview herIn an with is it, its the of of the There beauty seasons, world the and wonders—the

said: "I to serve theshe want Lord sunset, of the stormfilled sky, child, majesty of the innocent a eyes a

Iin so ways. such have many the alive, ones, of of wonderful loved the awareness* welcome being

so. I forvaried plans doing have

all, it infinite the of of the pattern awesomeness a evidence master and heart."inso dreams many my infinite of purpose. that Muir's before have quoted comment John We at instructor Marjory, looked Her

itself, it try pick to find out to anything hitched "when everyby we we lying piece a of on paper onand 1 life, as else air, in thing universe."the the look the out upon And we

"I."his "This a wrote desk huge he

all sea, the the intermountains, morning, the complexity and and is said. Marjory,"problem, he your

infinite the marvelous dependence, mechanism, most and know may we to decision should not"Your be is intelligence, there order, that part that power, purpose, are and wefind to do, truly out want what you of that of purpose. This citing suggests our awareness wonderful world

to the determinebut Lord what lines further sent listener—lines thoughtful a from some Muir John by to do. that out Findwants you

set that creation of or a of aside wonderfully chance unknowing, an see then me."and backand come of shifting the unfeeling mechanistic constantly machine: "Every motion

in the to Marjory Lord went "is definite, said, to for world,"in the the occasion bodies timed he some to as taught sheprayer been had flowers in to foreordered the end. blossom obedience law The same

at class institute in every anddo.. is constellations. of that to one, the course Nature marks and me It in prayer. rejoicedhome. She

is this unities to of in greatest delight observation the study. and new integral part an always beenhad

... eternal of only a with allembracing harmony. and Men, book

life. the herof answered Lord And

... as seized evolution idea the have from escape an upon knowledge

prayer: there the sweether came of a God. 'Evolution!'—a wonderful, mouthfilling word.... Just say

acthat she shouldconfirmation of 'evolution'Nature, explained every and have you phenomenon and field. call to mission the acept

say, wise. It Evolution, big explained they sounds God. and away mishonorable serving After an

its glacial periods, blanket the the earth caused through snow brought affiliatedsion again with Marjory it, forests of raised to the follow the the carpet to flower recede, and particularly institutethe program, life jellyfish to the thinking the from man. world, animal developed

activities social ofin the Lambda it is stick. inevolution? mind, they There caused To But what my in administratheDelta Sigma and

... of the has that out that a plan development conceivable worked

institute responsibilities of thetive its particle of matter perform that microscopic every has beauty made council. experiences helped These

in plan a other universe—that the every such in with function harmony

abilities leadership developher abstraction. is of somewhere, unthinking No; product blind an the

realize she had, notthat she did... Intellicall Intelligence. that evolution was, an You before was may

as selection in herculminating to I object see so people please; cannot many gence what why you Delta of"Sweetheart Lambda 2

it call God."

Sigma.""The institute program did so 'John Muir, My First Summer in the Sierra.

much for me,"Marjory said. "It 2French Strother, quoting John Muir, in "Some More Muiriana: Days with John Muir,"The

helped me gain a strong and sturdy World's Work, March 1909.

foundation of eternal values on "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia which to build a beautiful life of Broadcasting System May 22, 1966. Copyright 1966.

722 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Preserve the Inspiration of near the hospital and I thought at first he might be confused as to possiAnother location.his exact more The Improvement Erability, much seemed however,

likely. I had noticed that he had In Beautifully Bound Volumes

paused in his wanderings near the baptismal font. Many had come

there to the waters of baptism to The Mountain West's finest bindery and be born again, and I felt confident printing house is prepared to bind your that he must have had reference to collected Improvement Era's into fine his conversion and baptism. hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the

"'This must be where you joined editions you wish bound to the Deseret the Church,'"I said. News Press.

"'No, I'm not a member of the Church. But this is where I was 12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance

given life.'payment must accompany all orders

"I did not understand what he Please include postage if volumes are meant, and so I invited him into to be returned by mail.

explanation. for office He anmy

in POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH grown up he had told me that the eastern part of the United Zone 5 1.07

1.28 6 1 & 2 68 States. As an only child he had

3 7 1.50 75

been given everything he needed 4 88 8 1.73

in a material way. He seldom saw

his parents, however; they were

both deeply involved in successful although enterprises, business they DESERETIEWS PRI special that he received saw to it schooling. "His problem was that he did not have one close friend. He ad1600 Empire Road

mitted that it was his own arroSalt Lake City, Utah gance that caused people to avoid him. His situation had made him

seriously had that he so unhappy than 11 Ft suicide more on considered this imResisting occasion. one BURNED OUT a course upon pulse, he determined

of action that to him was practiREALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY cally the equivalent—he left home

and headed west. Upon register- A fire may mean you are out of a place to live9

ing at a university, he became a with tremendous added expense before you find recluse. another.

the music to he went day "One and Let us explain your need for ample insurance piano the practice to annex found that all of the instruments to cover today's higher values.

were in use. A fellow student, obsuggested his dilemma, serving COMPANY FIRE INSURANCE he UTAH HOME building. institute nearby to the go Lake City General Agents, Salt & CO., J. GRANT HEBER institute of an heard never had He

before. He thought it was the name

of another university building.

"Upon receiving a hearty welcome to his request to use a piano, he came frequently and practiced.

On one such occasion he heard someone in the adjacent room. Suddenly the door burst open and a

girl shouted, 'Hi! We need someone to play the piano for the -game

we are playing. Would you mind?'WE BUILD ANYWHERE IN THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST

and the invitation accepted He LOT YOUR ON a playing for found himself soon available financing of All types group that seemed to be having Comparison will prove the value a good time.

the activof conclusion the "At INC. HOMES up, UNITED came ity, a young man EAST:240 SOUTH 2ND GENERAL OFFICE yH

PHONE 364558) - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

AUGUST 1966 PROBATE introduced himself as the president amazing results. In a survey of

of Lambda Delta Sigma, and institute graduates in 22 stakesYOUR OWN handed him a guest card. He told who married during 1963, 93.2 perhim the group was having a specent were married in the temple. ESTATE! cial activity the next week and Of institute graduates attending

LET A FAMOUS AUTHORITY SHOW would like very much to have him 43 fulltime institutes during the

YOU HOW TO come as a special guest. 196465 school year and who marLong probate delays "It was the first time he had ried prior to June 1965, 95.4 perExcess costs and fees ever been"invited to attend a social cent were married in the temple.

Needless trouble, function solely on his own merits Conversely, of students enrolled in embarrassment and and he accepted. He enjoyed the the same 43 fulltime institutes

publicity. evening and was invited to come who completed some courses but

back a second time. And much to did not graduate during the 1964his surprise someone asked him 65 school year and who married

to serve on a dance committee. prior to June 1965, the percentage

"During the next two years the of temple marriages dropped to institute became very much a part 83.8 percent.

of his life. As a result of this exThe great influence of the inDEMAND hadperiencebeenhe acamedeadaliveandfromuselesswhat youthstitute isprogramfurther uponrevealedthe inlivesa surof

FAR existence. Hence his statement, vey of students who attended one EXCEEDS 'You see, I was born here.'university where an institute was

SUPPLY. "As we left the building, he available but who failed to take

ORDER PROMPTLY. This book has been paused and took another long look advantage of the opportunity to

an amazing bestseller. 5 printings in 6 at it. 'I don't know what inspired participate. Of these students who

weeks! Over 100,000 copies sold. The the Church to set a building here were married during 196465, only

publisher's printings at times have not on this spot,'he said, 'but I will 34.7 percent were married in the

with the to demand, up able keep been life all of the days thank temple. God my

orders have been booksellers'so and it I is inspired here that institute needed was program when The will assure you order rationed. Your now

is in truly This it most. where I was college students aid of to God date. possible earliest at the of a copy

at a born.'the commandments keeping

Written authority by a leading profesThe social groups of the institute time when many are away from sional estate planner, this expert manuhave provided friendships and rehome for the first time and are al is a complete "doit-yourself"kit for ligious and social activities for beset with serious temptations that legal, proper estate administration. Latterday Saint boys and girls tax their power to resist. Active

This book provides you with 23 trust away from home as well as for participation in the institute proto executed be which instruments may that is of the Church. insurance excellent nonmember gram

real estate, bank of one's probate avoid rewill university therein one a young At involved man students mutual bonds, stocks and accounts, its his far and very from ward and to the Church close home main effects, corporaclose personal funds, tion, small unincorporated business or homesick found through the friendteachings.

other assets. He explains how to use liness of the institute the strength

certain trusts so that your property he needed to continue his studies.

passes immediately without any pro- A graduate student who had not bate whatsoever. been too active in the Church gave RIPENING WHEAT

Come in to see a copy or order from himself heart and soul to the BY ZARA SAB1N church activities through the inAll beautiful in furrowed lands

Sam Weller's stitute of religion and gained a the wheat fields ripple on the lasting testimony. wide, plains, in valleys STORE university ZION large girl at a BOOK A young the moun- 'round contoured or City, Utah Salt Lake South Main, 254 Latterdrifting the from was who side; tains

day Saint ideals and standards they hold the earth in golden bands of fastlinked chains.IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE EARS taughtChurch inwasherbroughtsmall wardback ofto theacAids in treatment of simple sore tivity through the sincere friendWhen summer breezes gently blow

throat and other minor mouth and ship of members of the institute and rustle through the lifting throat irritations. and reinforced in her determination spears, they seem to sing

to keep the commandments. of plenteous harvest garnering,

HALLS REMEDY ones.The Suchabove casescases couldare notbeisolatedmultiof andwaterpassinglappingyears.soft below,

Salt Lake City. Utah plied by thousands.

Using temple marriage, certainly Prayer and promise, seed and the hope and prayer of every grainLatter-day Saint parent for his Farm folk now are picturing child, as a criterion for measuring the autumn near, the effect of the institute program fulfillment of this fruitful year, upon the lives of college students seed for planting time again, JEWELRY CO. it, we find wheat ripening. DA 2-1039 who participate in SOUTH 42WEST2ND.

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER

Most people just don't want to worry about tires. That's

why we designed our super tire the way we did. We built it extra AMERICAN OIL COMPANY

strong to withstand the kinds of bruises and sharp impacts that would tear an ordinary tire apart. And we torturetest it at a

screaming 120 mph to make sure there will be an extra margin of safety for you when you're driving 60. Now you can put a set on

your car and go right on being unconcerned about tires. 32b ois-2 After all, "You expect more from American and you get it!"* FREDm F NEHETH GOOD *:

262$ HOLIDAY DR 01 mmnm HEW. ORLEANS LA

7 t* # 1966 The American Oil Company,

World's largest distributor of Atlas tires

The tire for people who couldn't care less about tires.

*Xrade.rrr 'Trademark "Alio W"themm

''i-.- -.l**--

There are times when men who hold the MelvV* chizedek Priesthood wonder how effective they are MEICHIZEDEK 1r in their attempts to influence their sons. Perhaps the

PRIESTHOOD followingtrying. Home,letter parentswill encourageworking allin fathersharmony,to homekeep

evenings, honoring the priesthood, examples in honor, honesty, hard work constantly performed, prayer—

these will ever be the ingredients for rearing children successfully.

Dear Mother and Father:

Saturday night the stake singing mothers put on a fabulous concert of 14 numbers. They had worked on it for weeks. Wifie sang in it and looked so

lovely in a newly made white blouse and black skirt. She is a lovely girl.

It was a very touching performance that really made me think. The

program, which had a narrator and tableau scenes with the music, told the story of a mother writing to her son in the mission field and reviewing his life and al the things that had led up to his being there. It beautifully portrayed what

a tremendous influence the home and parents have on a little boy as he grows up. It opened my eyes and made me feel almost as humble as Job did when

the Lord spoke to him and said, "Where were you when I laid the foundations of the earth"; as if to say, "You would be nothing if it weren't for your home life

and parents. >

A cute little boy with a teddy bear in one scene reminded me of "Bruno"and how he and I knelt down each night as Mother taught us to pray. And

sometimes she rocked us in the big chair in the old kitchen. I thought, "The

reason I know how to pray and have faith in it is because Mother and Daddy always prayed as a family. We prayed for each other and for help in solving

problems and for healing when we were sick."

Another scene reminded me of lying on the living room floor at night and listening to Daddy read to all of us. I loved such books as Home Country,

,S chnozola, The Silver Chalice, and others. That's where I learned the value

of books and of reading and doing things together. How fun it was to stay

home each night with the family. That is the only place I wanted to be:

to sing around the piano, pop corn, play games, and have fun. I love

music because you both loved music. I was always so proud that both my

parents sang in the choir and that my dad led the singing in priesthood meeting.

As I thought about why I attend meetings regularly, my thoughts go back t you once again. I never recall that either of you ever missed a meeting you

were supposed to attend.

Father, you taught me what the priesthood meant, and you were worthy to ordain me to each office as I advanced. That made me very proud. To be

able to say that "my father did it"made me love the priesthood all the more.

Mother was always a strength and tried to teach us selfconfidence.

So often she used to say, "Get in there and try hard, and remember you are as good as anyone else."How Mother stood behind us in our ambitions!

I remember that she even wrote the talk that I gave as an honor student when I was graduated from eighth grade. I see now that I wasn't so great (and

still aren't), but it was my fabulous parents who should get credit for anything I have ever accomplished.

Some people say I have a sense of humor, but even that I have inherited and learned from you.

At the concert there was a number about testimony. I thought of

Father always beginning testimony meeting with timely remarks and Mother often bearing a sweet testimony also. That's where I gained my testimony; it grew on

me like whiskers.

It was your support of the authorities and your constant comments about true Christian living that instilled within me a love for the Prophet and the need to treat people with fairness.

Going on a mission was as natural for me as breathing, because that is the way you raised me.

Everything was directed toward that goal, even,ri.Jh>* r W::'- 1 'iiteW lBtf

the example of your own missions. Serving in the armed forces was a thrill

and an honor because I thought of my father enlisting and working to become an officer and how he loved the military and our country. I remember Mother's

wholesome attitude toward service and how well she took the news when Richard was wounded.

How we loved canyon trips and family picnics, loved nature and all her beauty. Mother's artistic abilities helped my appreciation of art grow.

I observed around home the great principle of work. I remember

Dad going across the river to cut thorn trees and clear brush all day because he loved work and knew that it was essential.

I thought of Mother always making bread and lovely homemade things. She

never feared work. At Christmas she made lovely chocolates for gifts. A

gift from her was a real part of her—always something lasting because she had

made it.

How fortunate I've been!

Last Saturday in our Young Marrieds Group we talked about how illprepared some of us were when we went to the temple. I said that it was like

everything else: Parents are the ones to help prepare us, and it should be taught

in the home. It is their duty and responsibility. I told them that going

to the temple was beautiful and natural for me the first time because you both had talked of it for years, and I anxiously looked forward to it.

Yes, I have unique parents. Marvelous examplesetters. Not preachers

or wardens but loving parents who cherished parenthood, welcomed children,and shouldered responsibility. k

Just to thank you would be shallow and trite. But I'll promise you

that I'll live to the best of my ability the principles you have taught and fought for, and maybe by my life and my children and accomplishments I can show you my love and thus honor you as I should. The only life I can picture in

the eternal world is that of being with my family, and I hope to continue our joyous relationship forever.

May this summer be your most pleasant yet and may your flowers and yard that you love so dearly bring you much joy.

All my love to you both.

Your baby boy, John P.S. Thanks again for having 6 of us,

.

Tho IVnsidiiifi lti.slio|ri<fs hiijo

E. Harold Jones, bishopr of the Pocatello (Idaho)

22nd Ward, served in a Texas'Louisiana mission ** and has been a ward clerk,,.. trlwn tjn counselor in a bishopric,

art* in tin* HurrUm and member of a stake of f/offr mission presidency.

iuiiiHV In'iiif/s.. priesthood and was discussed in much detail.

tfn iUHi only in The priesthood members'recommendation was that a letter be sent to each tin: family, asking them to give their Christmas

gift to the Lord. The recommendation wfir/w; nf /jinn-

## was heartily approved by all but one brother.

In preparing the letter we were inspired to say, "If you need a witness in order to feel that this is right, get on your knees and ask the Lord. He will

give you this witness."Almost

immediately the money started to come in, and no further solicitation was necessary.

Many members mailed their contributions, and other families came to the bishop's home to present their gift and to testify of the Lord's witness to them.

After two weeks the brother who had not favored the proposal asked if he could see me. He came with his whole

family. Tears streamed from his

eyes as he testified of his original doubt and then of his family's prayers concerning the sacrifice. He said, "All we

needed was to trust in the Lord and make up our minds to do it. As soon as we had set

Their Christmas Gifts Paid for a Chapel aside the money and arranged to bring it to you, we received a telephone

As the last Christmas season call informing us of payment on a debt that approached, our bishopric felt that the was long overdue. We will

ward's nineyear-old building debt should never doubt again."

be paid. But it was Christmastime, Five days before Christmas we held

and since most of our ward families had a ward Christmas party to present several young children, their individual financial a debtfree ward building to the members.

burdens were heavy. After much fasting A written invitation was extended to all,

and prayer we determined that if and we had the largest turnout in the ward's 50 percent of our families would each history—more than 75 percent of

contribute $50, our debt would be paid. the members came. The spirit of love,

The plan was presented the sacrifice, and devotion within our ward gave following Sunday to members of the us all a most memorable Christmas.

728 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ISoel V. Foreman,

bishop of the Moorabbin (Australia) Ward, has served in a Sunday School superintendency, as branch clerk, and as a member of a branch presidency.

How an Unknown Blessing Influenced My Life

I have a personal testimony of the value of the blessing of a child. My

fraternal grandmother was a convert to the

Church in 1913, four years before I was born.

My father and mother were never converted. But because of the faith and

persuasive powers of my grandmother, my parents consented to have me blessed at the age of six months by elders working in the

Melbourne area. This was on March 1, 1918.

From that time on, as I grew through boyhood into manhood, I was unaware of my blessing. My parents, not being

members of the Church, attached no importance to it, and thus it was forgotten.

Early in 1958 two elders came to our door five times without finding us at home, but they decided to try one last time before leaving the area. This time my wife was at home.

She was very impressed with their manner and invited them to return when

I would be home. After a few weeks we became

convinced that they were teaching the truth, and my wife decided to be baptized. I was still reluctant.

When my parents were told of my wife's intentions, my mother remembered the blessing that had been given to me years previously. After much searching, she

found the blessing certificate among her belongings. I could procrastinate no longer,

feeling strongly that the Lord had a work for me to do. My wife and I were

baptized March 1, 1958, 40 years to the day from my blessing.

Now when I am called to pronounce a blessing upon a child, I think deeply of the words that I am prompted to say.

I never cease to marvel at the great privilege given the priesthood in performing this sacred and profound ordinance.

AUGUST 1966 729 There is something about being surprised The children can surprise mother when she is away that usually holds an element of joy. When a by scrubbing the kitchen floor, cutting the

husband calls up in the afternoon and says, lawn, making that big pile of ironing smaller, or "Would you like to meet me downtown tonight for cleaning their own bedrooms. This surprise

dinner?"a wife can't help but feel special and element 'will work overtime in the children's minds

wanted. Or when a mother in the middle of if they have been motivated. Begin with your

the week cooks a very special dinner for her twoor threeyear-old and say, "I hope a little family, including all their favorite foods, a message fairy will pick up all the toys while I am gone."

is conveyed without words. That little fairy will work her best to please

A mother on a stormy day decides that things if a game is made of it with perhaps a reward to are just too dreary. So after the children are off follow. Just a stick of gum or a candy mint

to school she surprises two or three friends would be pay enough, and a warm feeling by calling and saying, "Come over at 2 o'clock permeates both mother and child.

for an hour of good conversation."Then they sit Do something nice for another person

in front of an open fire or, if the day is warm, unexpectedly. It is a special way to say "I like

on a shady patio. Homemade ice cream is a you."A little gift given for no particular reason

delight to serve at such a time. Think of the fun tells the receiver that someone wanted to remember

of forgetting calories for the moment and him. The unexpected gift—a batch of bread,

eating avocado or peach ice cream. (See recipes rolls, cookies, or a bowl of prepared, chilled

at end of article.) fruit—is worth more than an expensive gift

Surprises come in other forms besides food. received on a birthday. A bottle of chokecherry

Would you like o o o o o to meet me down'o o <* o o o a town tonight fordinner?

TZX

730 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA juice given as a surprise is articulate. It says, who is to be married and then knits her a sweater

"You are worth the hours spent in the hills, the is showing true affection. Hours are spent to

difficulty of picking the berries and the processing give this surprise, and a memory is made that will of them, because you are special to me."As last a lifetime.

the recipient makes the juice into jelly, the An employer who knows the need of an employee kindest of thoughts are mixed in the process. could surprise him with the ways or means to

A man who catches fish, cleans them, then meet that need. Perhaps it is an afternoon given

stops at a friend's home to divide the catch says to a man to spend with an elderly mother who by his actions far more than words could ever say. A is in town for the day, or it might be a

woman who takes sly measurements of a girl longerthan-usual lunch hour to visit his child in the hospital. Businessmen can have a heart.

The employee can also use the element of surprise by going the extra mile. Overtime that is

TODAY'S FAMILY spent to finish a muchneeded job, working through a rest break to complete a report, or a

FLORENCE B suggestion to the boss of a way to improve a procedure will be repaid a hundred times. One

P1NNOCK. employer remarked that it is the exception

EDITOR when an employee shows in some concrete way that he cares about the success of the business that gives him his living. The little surprises that

YOU ARE THE BRAVEST! BOY

I'M GLAD YOU'RE MY y ERIEND BISHOP CHARL

AUGUST 1966 731 people do without being asked Virginia's Avocado Ice Cream bring heart dividends and, in many (makes 2 quarts) cases, material gains.

Surprises don't always come in cups mashed avocado pulp (use deeds: words can be the invery ripe avocados)

gredient. An unexpected note can 11 cupcup pineappleorange juicejuice

start a day just right. Someone 2 cups sugar

cared enough to share with you 3/4 cup lemon juice his thoughts. A telephone call can 2 cups skim milk

hold a bundle of surprise, as can a 34 teaspoon vanilla

A few drops pistachio flavoring thankyou note.

Use the unpredictable and bePut the ripe avocados through a sieve.

come a more interesting person. As Dissolve the sugar in the milk, then

a side effect, you will gain friends. stir in the other ingredients. Freeze in

In some way, every day, happily untilan electricmixtureor hashandproperice creamconsistency.freezer

surprise someone, and you will Pack for 2 hours and serve.

grow surprisingly rich.

Peach Ice Cream (makes 6 quarts) 3y2 cups fresh peaches, mashed and lightly sweetened People Get Hungry 3 to 4 cups of sugar to taste

V2 cup lemon juice In August Juice of 2 oranges 2 cups whipping cream vanilla tablespoon respecter is no Hunger flavoring teaspoon almond of Y21 seasons, or persons. months, This 1 tablespoon rind grated orange

Looking for a mealtime habitLittle offolks,eatingthoseis notwithso uslittle,to stay.and Dash of salt

all ingredients Mix into together. Pour

fill a freezer 6-quart to within and 2 drink without stimulants? athoseday.muchEatingtoo bigis eatuniversallythree mealsenof inches milk. with whole the top

joyed, and the cook has a great Freeze and pack for 1 or 2 hours beEnjoy deal to do with this. A hamburger fore serving.

can be greasy, singed, and tasteless, or it can compete with a delicious steak. Bread can be August Sherbet (makes 1 quart)

heavy, starchy, burned black, or it can be luscious, crisp, golden 1 cup undiluted evaporated milk tablespoons 9 sugar taste brown, heavenly with and 1 juice, can (6-ounce) frozen orangePOSTUM little texture. Desserts but add thawed It's 100% caffeinfree. calories to are they 1 a meal teaspoon grated peel when lemon

overly sweet, overly rich, and y8 teaspoon salt poorly prepared. A dessert should 1 teaspoon vanilla

be an elegant dream—light, flavorChill and beat the milk until thick; add

some, and temptingly delicious. the other ingredients one tablespoon at

Why waste calories on eating some- a time, whipping constantly. Pour into

thing that is not even second best? freezingin refrigerator.tray, cover with foil, and freeze

The cook is responsible. She should

plan menus of compatible foods, use good ingredients and tested recipes, work carefully, and conHomemade Popsicles coct food fit for her royal family. Use the smallest size of empty frozen

Food poorly prepared and sloppily fruit juice cans. Wash and fill or partly

served is a waste of time and fill with favorite fruit drink. When parmoney and an insult to husband tially frozen, insert plastic picnic

will Freeze hard. spoons. Children children. and

love them, but keep paper napkinsWhat's in it then? Just toasted grains Delicious summer meals do not handy.

and other purefood ingredients. just happen; they require loving

What'sittastelike?Likenothingelse thought, preparation, and care.

on your grocer's shelf. Slowroasted Try making one of these delicious Quick Nut Bread

to flavor perfection in brick ovens, ice creams—it will act as a catalyst

Postum has a flavor all its on a hot evening. Or cool off with 2 cups white flour

flour 2 cups whole wheat tasty a shake or a milk homemadeown. milk cups It to side. in zy2 is fun cook pop

coarsely cups walnuts chopped or Good at IV2 mealtime for those hold you most Up August tablespoons 2 baking powderanytime. Or when you dear. 1 egg

have friends in. Why not GENERALKITCHENSFOODS

find out foryourself soon?

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corp.

732 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA % teaspoon salt Vi cup sugar Special! Session /tess Profoundly appropriateMix and sift the dry ingredients. Beat

egg, add milk, and add this mixture in the new dimension of into ingredients. the dry Bake one simplicity and expressly

large or for small loaf pans two about 45 minutes at 350 degrees F. This designed with unique

bread, which is not sweet, is good refinements and lasting served along with the main course for beauty. Superbly delunch or supper. tailed and finished...

A wrinkle resistant, dripBoston Brown Bread dry. Sparkling white.

This Boston Brown Bread is an oldfashioned favorite served with cold baked ham, piping hot baked beans, and a crisp mustard cole slaw.

1 cup white flour 1 cup yellow cornmeal 2 cups whole wheat flour 1 cup molasses 1 teaspoon soda.

1 tablespoon boiling water (Midcalf) Princess salt "A"teaspoony2

Sizes - 10 - 18 2 cups sour milk (not cream) - 22i/2 & Uy2 $15.00

1 cup raisins "B"Shift (Long only) $12.00

Sift the flour and salt together; add Sizes - Petite, Sm, Med, Lg.

the sour milk. Dissolve the soda in & XL

boiling tothe the water add and Classic (Long) $17.00 "C"

untilmolasses. Beat foamy add and (Midcalf) $15.00

first raisins.to mixture. the Add

- Petite. Sizes Md Lg SmFill full greased cans and soup %the or write 4862359 Phone for hours. about 3steam

LeVoys, Inc.

2511 S. West Temple

Salt Lake City, Utah 84115Frankfurters—Hot Potato Salad

(6 servings)

12 frankfurters 6 medium potatoes r CLIP AND MAIL %1 mediumpound bacon,onion,dicedfinely chopped Please enter a year 1 teaspoon salt subscription to teaspoon peppery8 1 teaspoon dry mustard The Improvement Era for

Y2 teaspoon sugar y2 teaspoon flour Name.

water cupyz vinegar Address. cupy2

1 egg, beaten Cook the potatoes until just barely Use this handy City.

tender; then dice them. the bacon Cook

until lightly onion, browned, add and coupon to State..Zip.

cook until tender. Pour off part of the This is a renewal

salt,fat. the pepper, mustard, Mix

is a gift flour. the liquidssugar, and RENEW YOUR This Add and

the egg. Add this mixture to the po- (Check one)

onion. bacon Heat slowlytatoes, and SUBSCRIPTION thickened,until about sauce the has Give credit for this subscription to

in frankfurters the5 minutes. Simmer

water until heated through. Arrange Ward or

the frankfurters on a platter circling Rrnnrh the potato salad. ORDER THE Stake or

MUsinn Peppermint Brownie Milk Shake ERA FOR A If gift, also g ve name and address (makes 6 cups) of donor.

In a mixing bowl beat 1 pint of FRIEND Nome softened peppermint ice cream and gradually add 1 quart of chocolate Address milk. Pour into glasses. Top with

scoops from an additional pint of pepIyear g* years years $3.00 $5.75 ice cream.permint So simple to make O $8.75 A

to drink. so deliciousand year additional each $2.50 for Add

AUGUST 1966 733

The Era Asks—

"What Is the Granite Mountain Record Vault?"

( Continued from page 701 Q—How long can microfilm

records endure?

A—No one knows. But we do

have paper from 1220 A.D. and

papyrus from the Egyptian era.

It's thought that since film is cellulose, it might last as long as paper.

Q—From where are the microfilm records obtained?

A—All over the world. Sometimes we buy from a government

films that they have already produced. When we can't buy, we

send out our own photographers or make contracts with countries to do the work for us. We even trade

films that we have already taken for films we do not have. Arrangements vary with each country and

each situation.

Q—What kind of records are

being microfilmed?

A—All records containing genealogical data—vital statistics such as

birth dates, death dates, marriage dates, dates of confirmation and baptism. These include churchBirthdays are fun..,

and this is our 75th! recordsstatistic andrecords,governmentalcensus records,vital

land records, wills, testaments,

Yes, U and I Sugar built its first factory in Lehi, Utah, in 1891—probates of wills and testaments,

75 years ago. And to help celebrate our anniversary, we had Cynthia court decisions.

Scott, our U and I home economist, create a U and I Sugar 75th

BIRTHDAY CAKE... especially for you. Here's the recipe: Q—At the present rate of

filming, how long will it be before

Uandl 75th Birthday Cake thefilled?present vault structure will be

2 cups granulated 1 pkg. German sweet chocolate

U AND I SUGAR Vi cup boiling water A—Twentyfive or more years.

1 cup butter 1 teaspoon soda But remember, we don't microfilm yolks egg V* 4 cup buttermilk flour, sifted vanilla every page or book in the world. 2}h cups 1 teaspoon

V* teaspoon salt 4 egg whites, beaten until stiff We just microfilm genealogical 3A cup buttermilk % cup sliced almonds data—particularly old records that

Cream sugar and butter until light and fluffy, add egg will soon deteriorate.

yolks one at a time and beat well after the addition of flour salt each. butteralternately with and cup Add % of the world's segment Q—What milk. dissolve in boiling water, chocolate Melt soda of genealogical in records value until buttermilk V* cup smooth. and these two mix Add

vanilla. Fold into creamed mixture. Fold in beaten egg could be stored in the vault?

9"into whites. three layer cake Pour pans or a set of SUGAR

tiered floured cake pans, greased Sprinkle on bottom. and don't know, but if more A—I layers of tops the with two

just PURE space sliced needed, were in almonds. a would Bake we

degrees) f|NEAn, GRANULATED (350 oven moderate enlarge the construct tunnels or 25 to 30 minutes. Cool. more vaults. The Church owns

Use your favorite frosting property for about a mile up the and filling.

734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

visit the vault? The Church Mov>es Oncanyon and could build half a Q—Can tourists

structures vault otherdozen the A—Yes, for the present, but only (Continued from page 686) if space became Andsame size.

for the bus Saturdays. of Colombia land A local comthe our on from goa problem, we could

vault, to the mistakes tours of the preaching gospel. Two pany tiny to a very microfilmpresent

microfilm called photochromic leaving at 9:30 a.m. Saturday sionaries, Elders Randall Harmsen

microimage, a means of filming on mornings from Temple Square. If of Salt Lake City and Jerry Broome

a dotsized piece of film the in- a priesthood quorum, ward, MIA, of Gaffney, South Carolina, are formation of a whole film. With boy scout troop, or other group assigned to Bogota under the directhis method you can have every wants to visit, arrangements can tion of the Andes Mission.

secrethe general with made the Bible on a film twobe ofpage anPresidency The First Society. Genealogical of the tary square.inches of appointments the at the nounced facility is parking no There

presidents: O. mission Myron two permitted. are buses so only vault, photographers many first Q—How as serving Bangerter, now Saturday, visit only on can People throughfor the Church filmingare Bountiful in North the counselor the week we are during because the world?out presidency, and Stake (Utah) vault. in the working

as serving Poulsen, E. Udell now

65. A-About in first Ward, Oakgrove counselor of records storage s the q—

Stake. (California) us, to is Concord peculiar that something work employees many cultures Q—How and peoples are other or do? do they susand what at F. was the vault Larsen Allan thing? the same about concerned

tained as president of Black- A—About 34 employees at pres- A—Not long ago a famous lifoot (Idaho) Stake, succeeding

ent, but our microfilm cataloging brarian from England visited us. Pres. Willard S. Wray, whom he

department of 20 employees will He said he had never seen or heard served as first counselor. Robert

soon be moved to the vault for a of anything like this. Another M. Kerr, Jr., who was also a countotal of 55. Several hundred could visitor from Egypt saw similarities selor in the retiring presidency,

be accommodated. Many of these in the pyramids and said, "Isn't it and James M, Wray were suspeople are very fluent in sevstrange that in this present generatained as counselors.

eral languages and assist us in tion we are doing the same thing reading many of the world's lanthey did in ancient Egypt, preservMrs. Lucy Grant Cannon, 85,

guages. Work at the vault means ing records for future generations."general president of the

work with film. Film comes in The U.S. has an underground SAC Young Women's Mutual Improvefrom our sources as raw negative base near Colorado Springs, but ment Association and associate

film. It is taken into dark rooms that is not a storage facility. There general manager of The Improveand developed, then washed and are provisions made at the National ment Era, October 1937April

dried and inspected. At present we Archives at Washington, D.C., to 1948, passed away at her Salt Lake

process over 50,000 feet of film a save the U.S. Constitution and City home. For 31 years she had

day. We then search all film Declaration of Independence in served on the general board, as a

frames to determine if any are of case of an emergency, but this counselor, and as president of the inferior quality or have poor lightroom is very small. YWMIA. Funeral services were

ing. We doublecheck all pages. held May 31.

the photogthat It's conceivable other Q—Do you have any a missed might have rapher Ell The First Presidency anvolume comments?

or a page. If so, we contact him il nounced the appointment of

immediately so that he can reshoot. A—I would like to add that three new mission presidents:

We keep the negative master in when I came to the Genealogical Horace P. Beesley, now serving as

our vault, send a positive copy Society I thought it would be a first counselor in the Salt Lake back to the country or state—somestaid, ultraconservative organizaTemple presidency; D. Crawford

thing generally required in order tion. To the contrary, I find it one Houston, assistant stake YMMIA

for us to microfilm—send a positive of the most alive organizations in superintendent, Monument Park

copy to the Genealogical Library the Church. I call genealogy the (Salt Lake City) Stake; Warren

for active use by the Saints, and "university work"of the Church. Henderson, formerly of the Deseret

make additional positive copies to By that I mean that one must first (Utah) Stake presidency.

be used in branch genealogical be a member of the Church, have The First Presidency announced libraries throughout the Church. a testimony, understand the gospel that Daken K. Broadhead and

So we actually have both positive and its programs, and then he is Owen S. Jacobs had been apand negative film in the vault. ready to enter the "university pointed to the priesthood welfare

work"of the gospel—genealogy. committee.

studies"bind "university people go to the vault These, Q—Can that families together in order research? to they P| Cedar Rapids (IowaIllinois) study and

might eventually dwell with our Stake, 419th now functioning,

A—No. The vault, is not for that Father in heaven. It's a most was organized by Elder Howard

purpose. All research is done at thrilling and enjoyable work, so if W. Hunter of the Council of the

the genealogical libraries with I sound enthusiastic, it's because Twelve and Elder Bernard P.

positive films. I am! Brockbank, assistant to the Twelve,

AUGUST 1966 73S from the Pioneer District, Northern Eldon W. Cooley was sustained President Hutchings and Lynn F.

States Mission. Richard F. Hagas president of East Mesa (AriOlsen served as counselors to

Innd was sustained as president zona) Stake, succeeding President President Tueller.

with Kenneth H. Dietz and George Egbert J. Brown. Counselors are

A. Bartlett as counselors. Joseph A. Farnsworth, Jr., and JUNE 1966

susHarvey R. Durrant was L. Russell. Presidents Raymond the churchowned WRUL,

( tained as president Salt of Ensign Farnsworth served as Cooley and shortwave radio stake, City) Lake station in succeeding counselors to President Brown. City, York became New WNYW. President Hinckley. Arza A. ClarArden B. Hutchings was susBerlin officially Mission The was,

ence C. Neslen and as tained president Rex W. Wilof with the Fresno combined North"German liams, ) Jr., sustained were as ( California Stake, succeeding today. Mission beginning

counselors. Presidents Durrant and President Dallas A. Tueller. Del- A new president of the London

Neslen were counselors to Presimont H. White and Oliver K. WelTemple was announced by the

dent Hinckley. ton were sustained as counselors. First Presidency. LeRoy J. Buckmiller of Salt Lake City succeeds

President G. Eugene England.

Elder Howard W. Hunter of

the Council of the Twelve offered the dedicatory prayer at the new wing of the Primary Children's Salt Hospital, City. Lake I THE

addition increases instituthe SPOKEN, TO QUALIFY FOR THE FUTURE The

WORD i tion's capacity from 94 to 165 beds.

Huntington Beach Stake, Q 420th in the Church, 38th in

RICHARD L. EVANS southern California, was formed

from parts of Garden Grove Stake, with susNielsen Conway W. theWith ever increasing of importance preparation, basic some simple, tained as president and Nobel J. thoughts suggest themselves for those are searching for a future. who Lyle as Waite and counHanna

We see those who drop out; those who refuse, in a sense, to prepare; selors. The stake was organized

those who become discouraged and give up. By contrast, we see those under the direction of Elder Ezra

who seem to be engaged in a competitive race with time, with pressure, Taft Benson of the Council of the haste, and hurry. To those who do too little and give up too easily we Twelve and Elder EIRay L. Chriscould perhaps do no better than cite again this observation of Emerson: tiansen, assistant to the Twelve.

"The future belongs to those who prepare for it."No one is likely to Emerald L. Moody was susfind himself better prepared than he is willing to pay the price of -being, tained as president of Deseret

better prepared than the effort he is willing to give for acquiring com- (Utah) Stake with Frank A.

petence. And those who are inclined to quit, to drop out, would well Lyman and Eldon A. Eliason as

serve themselves, as well as the world, the sooner they face the fact counselors, succeeding President that preparation has importance far beyond what can be calculated June W. Black and his counselors,

and that there is more and more demand for those who are well trained L. Jay Nelson and Verdell R.

and less and less need for those who are not. Now, as to those who Bishop.

conscientiously are seeking to qualify for the future: It is still true that

experience needs to to be added "book learning,"as some would say The Salt Lake Tabernacle it; to knowledge unproved unapplied. and balance The practical must Choir—375 strong—sang

the academic. Despite all technical training, all acquiring and storing evening at the convention of Rotarythis

of facts, there still needs to be a time of seasoning, of maturing, of International in Denver. Earlier

proving the ability to perform, which includes not only knowledge in the day they had given their but experience and judgment. The patient would still rather have the regularly scheduled radio broadseasoned physician; the client, the experienced lawyer; the business cast from the Tabernacle.

would rather have the manager who has proved he can meet a payroll, can operate at fair profit, can remain solvent, can produce and improve Elder Richard L. Evans of

and sell a product; and positions of trust still seek those who have proved the Council of the Twelve

they can live with principles. And so, as always, there is still need for was installed as president of Rotary

preparation, is patience, proving, performance. "Haste not always International at the 57th annual

. Z'speed,"said Moliere. wait.. must learn 1 In "We to work and a very Rotary convention City in Denver

particular sense, it is difficult—if not impossible—for a person to be Auditorium. He succeeds outgoing

"saved"in ignorance or in unpreparedness. "The future belongs to those President C. P. H. Teenstra, Hilwho prepare for it."versum, Netherlands, and will

serve for one year. a Tonight

1Jean Baptiste Moliere, Sganarelle, sc. 12. tribute to Elder broadEvans was

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia cast simultaneously by KSL Radio

Broadcasting System June 5, 1966. Copyright 1966. and Television.

736 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA vCiif

tW*W;

**V Mwi

f.

Tiki's

milJet li '11m f?

: vSr

f*"I

AJ. *.-

HISTORICALLY SPEAKING, Where do YOU fit in? The generations of man have had all kinds of adventures along the

way... through the scramble at Babel's tower... through the Burning of Rome and the Black Plague and the

Crusades and the Dark Ages... through the Renaissance... the Explorations, the Revolutions, and the Restoration.

Then came the pioneers and the great exodus west that provided a meaningful backdrop for your life as a Latterday Saint. What does all of this have to do with you as YOU? Well, consider that you are an heir to the ages

to the lessons and learnings and yearnings and awakenings of other people before. The present is understandable

only in terms of the past. Putting yourself in the picture of one historical event—walking in the steps of the pioneers

may motivate you to move forward into the futureXin strength. That's what this issue is all about. The Editors

**w&. nr%

by Ron Hales

(Ed. Note: Ron Hales of Taylorsville Stake was invited to share the

pictures and material for this issue. He is a dynamic, interested leader of

youth. We appreciate him.)

//#(/& 4ftkO 6>Wk UZ&tf/JC0 "someone talk about church history and felt that you weren't really "in the picture"? Our Sunday

School class had the same problem. We were talking about

the history of the Church, but we couldn't quite get into the picture.

So—we embarked on a journey that took us right through

the Main Street of history, including many side roads that proved to be fascinating.

A wonderful thing happened while we "lived"this history.

We learned a great deal about how the Lord guides, persuades, and encourages his children. We learned a great deal about ourselves.

In the next few pages we will take you with us, show you,. how all this happened.

'avid McDougal, Tammy Konvicka George Dewey, Pam Rudd

738 TOfciffflMt KSSS*"''1 "v*.

HOW DO YOU MEASURE UP?

Love of God

Knowledge

Prayer

Faith

Courage

Growth

Obedience

Tithing

Testimony

Cleanliness

Endurance

<aren Wilcock, Sherri Black, Tammy Konvicka, Shirley Wilding George Dewey, Sherri Black, Jeff Rock, Camille Rudd, Jeff Gygi Tammy Konvicka, Sherri Black

HISTORY RECALLS:

"The rear [of the wagon train] was not the traditional position for the captain, even such a nominal one as George Donner, but it could not be helped; his bulky wagons

could go no faster. The desert had shattered the company into fragments; it was every

family for itself, each individual on his own. Donner, too, was fighting for his own, and

had no time or energy for those up ahead."

(Joseph Pigney, For Fear We Shall Perish,

The Story of the Donner Party Disaster.)

WE LEARNED:

The DonnerReed Party was a strange mixture of people, contrasting in background, financial means, and spiritual foundation, yet initially united in a single purpose: to seek new opportunities in California. Their intenseness drove them to risk

pioneering a new trail through the Great Salt Lake Basin, preparing the way for the

Mormon pioneers who would follow one year later. From the outset, problems that were

increasingly crucial and severe delayed and tore at the already weak organization. Days

of precious time were spent in rerouting and rebuilding trails and fighting terrain as varied as the members of the party themselves.

We went to the shore of the Great Salt Lake where the Donner train passed. "As

we talked about it, I tried to picture how it might have been to cross the salt desert. It

made me realize that the Lord was good to our people and gave them his guidance. The

Donner Party members were so inconsiderate of each other. The story helped me appreciate what the Lord did for his people."

Consideration! What a wonderful tool this is—to think of others before we think

of ourselves. It can open doors, broaden narrow minds, pry loose selfishness, nail down

friendships, build a good road to God's path.

Are you considerate

To ask before you borrow? To avoid sarcasm?

To be complimentary? To say "I love you"to Mom and Dad?

David McDougal, Tom Folkman, Chris Folkman, Cathy Gibson, Barbara Stacey

IN CLASS WE HEARD: So spoke three people in our ward whom we

all knew well. But under the transformation of

"As we rounded the top of the knoll effective makeup and personal conviction, we felt we were interviewing three members of a pioneerand broke through a small clump of trees, wagon train. The guide spoke of organizational

we could see Indians below burning the problems, of Indians, of trails, of continual deciprecious grasses on which our animals desions that had to be made. The woman who spoke

pended. The supply of grass gathered from used personal genealogy as her reference: how

the last meadow and carefully preserved in her people found relaxation in dance and song, every available space in the wagon was how her son had died in the wagon train, her feelings as she looked back at the tiny rock pileabout depleted. This had happened many where his body remained. The "elder in the countimes before; but, as before, we knew we cils of the Church"spoke of problems between

would find a way."people. The result gave us a tie with the past, and

we came to realize that without the faith, hope, "As the mob pushed us onto the small and endurance of the pioneers the long journey rafts, already crowded with Saints, we might have terminated at Winter Quarters. Being

were cast adrift to cross the great river. so close to these people, hearing their stories first-

I held tightly to my baby as the cannon hand, we came to sense a meaning for us in the mounted on the temple fired upon us, comway they met their problems. By overcoming

hardships, disappointments, and setbacks in ouring so near that we were covered with mud own lives, we not only find insight into their: Success canand water by the shot. The Lord had given hardships—we also learn a lesson

us another prophet and faith to paddle for only come to us, as it came to them, through freedom on the opposite shore."faith, hope, and endurance.

"Sometimes we sat in council with

Do you have hope and endurancePresident Brigham Young and marveled at—theirhis insightdespairinto atthemechanicalproblems failures,of the peopletheir ToTo finishaim forschool?a mission?

shortage of food and clothing, the sickness, To be married in the temple?

the small groups of faithless who spread To be dependable?

dissension. Many of the faithless moved To serve the Lord?

from our midst, but other problems reTo look for the best in life?

mained to test our faith continually."To stand up to ridicule?

Jan Moyle—Guide Edith Flynn—Woman Jerry Denkers—Brother

Br B Br

"IHHl 1 a* i k'fsJ

tM

LaBfe** jIlKSB T - - V**j

HISTORIANS SAY:

"... When all seemed lost and the

Saints were giving up in despair, the heavens became clouded with gulls, which hovered over the fields, uttering their plaintive scream.... They ate, they

gorged upon the pest, and then flying to the streams would drink and vomit and again return to the battle front. This took

place day by day until the crickets were destroyed. The people gave thanks, for

this was to them a miracle."

(Joseph Fielding Smith, Essentials in Church History, p. 468.)

Wf LEARNED THAT:

It would have been easy for the pioneers to give up, to feel that the Lord had forgotten them. The disappointments

on the trail had been hard, but this was worse. The first real crop they had had

since they arrived in the valley was being devoured by great hordes of crickets.

While the pioneers did all they could, they turned to the Lord, knowing he would help them. And he did help them,

because they had faith.

Too often we use faith in the Lord in place of action. He wants us to know

that he is there, that we can depend on him; but we must depend on ourselves,

too, in order to increase our faith in the

Lord and to build faith in ourselves.

Do you have faith—

To try?

To pay tithing?

To obey?

To grow?

To believe?

To pray?

To know?

To love God?

745%m7

IN CHURCH HISTORY IT IS RECORDED:

"What I have said I know to be true; but seeing you are to go forward, I will go

with you; will help all I can; will work with you, ivill rest with you, will suffer with

you, and if necessary, will die with you. May God in his mercy bless and preserve us"

(Advice by Elder Levi Savage to the handcart company, quoted in Joseph Fielding Smith's Essentials in Church History, p. 487.)

OUR CLASS SAID:

"I would never have made it! To leave most of my belongings and walk all those

miles pulling and pushing...."With all the external problems of Indians, bad roads or

no roads at all, inclement weather, long hard days, the worst part would be sustaining the inner courage to go on. In fact, it is the same today. The only real thing keeping

us from doing all we want to do, from becoming what we want to become, is ourselves

iPr

">.. -**:

kML;

I * **tiHig

A

v it i w *

1 * 1 1 * 4 *&& f0O? I*

i

iWWf"f

Jeff Rock, Tammy Konvicka

Those who now have what they wanted at some time in the past have it because they have courage. This is the same attribute teens in the handcart companies had

teens just like you, except you have to build and use your courage in a world that has different problems and challenges.

Do you have courage—

To bear your testimony? To be a good son or daughter?

To be honest with yourself? To go with the right crowd?

To live the Lord's way? To say no?

To try harder? To say yes?

To be fair in school? To assume leadership?

To be looked up to? To have an unquestionable reputation?

To be morally clean? To realize the importance of the gospel?

747Otuktfe FROM THE PAST:

"Immediately west of the temple stands the

Mormon Tabernacle, an immense auditorium....

The roof, a marvel of engineering for the period in which it was conceived, is a 10foot-thick span of wooden lattice truss construction, the maze of timbers fastened together by wooden pegs or doivels and rawhide bindings.

"When the new Tabernacle was being planned, Brigham Young requested Joseph Ridges to build an organ of a size and quality in keeping ivith the new structure. Great timbers were

hauled the 350 miles by ox team for construction of the pipes.... The instrument has been rebuilt,

added upon, and improved many times in the years since, until it is now recognized as one of the finest in the world."

(Utah State Historical Society,

The Valley of the Great Salt Lake, pp. 6568.)

OUR APPLICATION:

What would it be like if you couldn't think for yourself any more—that is, if you had to

accept everything as it now stands? The only

things you could read, see, hear, or eat would be those that had already been written, photographed, painted, recorded, composed, and grown.

It would be a pretty dismal world, wouldn't it?

In touring the Tabernacle we saw many examples of the pioneers'use of imagination—in

laying the foundations, supporting the huge roof trusses during construction, using wooden dowels and rawhide to secure complex joints and defective wood, diverting City Creek beneath the

Tabernacle to turn the fan that would create air for the tall organ pipes.

Next week, or maybe even today, a solution to a problem in your life could be creatively found by using the same recipe as the pioneer youth used not only in building the Tabernacle but in building their lives.

Do you have imagination

To express your vitality?

To bear your testimony?

To uncover your talents?

To be a good friend?

Have dinner at 4:30 p.m.

Spend the evening reading, playing parlor games, watching the boys wrestle in the yard, horseback riding, acting.

Go to family prayers. (At 9:00 every night

President Young would ring the prayer bell, and if you didn't show up, the family would waitbut you can bet you would be on time the next time! Then the whole family would kneel in

prayer.) Go to bed at 10:00 p.m. (5:00 a.m. comes

very quickly!)

Brigham Young made certain that the youth in his household were busy. The girls were taught

the problems and joys of housekeeping and motherhood; masculine chores prepared the boys for

their roles as priesthood bearers and heads of households. At one point President Young was

concerned as to whether they were getting proper

BRIGHAM YOUNG'S DAUGHTER: training and guidance, so he started an organization known as the Retrenchment Society. You

"The only home I ever knew, until six know it by its newer name—the Mutual Improveyears after my marriage, was the Beehive ment Association.

House. No matter where I go or where I At one of our firesides two men who worked

closely with George Cannon Young, the architect live, this will always be my real home, for in charge of the restoration of the Beehive House it holds the memories of my father, mother, and Eagle Gate, told us about the histories and brothers, and sisters, and is enshrined in restoration problems of these landmarks and gave my heart as a place where love and perfect us personal insights concerning them. A visit to

harmony existed."the famous corner gave us a feeling of admiration for President Young, a prophet who could

(Clarissa Young Spencer, Brigham Young at Home.) not only preside over the Church but could direct

in his own household. Harmony expresses his

attitude with his family, the friends who visited,

WE WERE TAUGHT: and those who worked on his estate.

If you were a member of Brigham Young's If we could have such harmony in our lives, household, you probably would: the joy of a happy home, of being spiritually

Get up at 5:00 every morning. revitalized, and of being susceptible to the true

Do the morning chores. joys of life would permeate our existence.

Study and do your homework. (Your teachers

live in the house with you.)

Have breakfast at 10:00 a.m. Do you have harmony

Spend the day working in the kitchen, making To help at home?

soap, sewing, making rugs, reading, helping the To love each member of your family?

younger children, picking berries;

Or helping in the blacksmith shop, working To organize your time?

in the orchard, painting, cleaning out the ditches, To live and believe gospel standards?

hunting. To be courteous?

Renee Lister, Elvin Tanner

I

The Last Word

Policeman (opening citation book): "Name, please."v

Driver: "Aloysius Alastair Cyprian."

Policeman (closing citation book): "Well, don't let me catch you again."

Oblivion is full of men who "Mommy! Come see There are no heights to which man

permitted the opinion of what I did to Daddy shall aspire and attain in which others to overrule their bewith his barbers kit woman shall not be, side by side, lief in themselves.—Goethe when he was asleep!"with him.—Elder Melvin J. Ballard

Randy: "What're you chew- A big buck Indian ordered Were half the power

ing?"Mike: "It's called 'Magic a ham sandwich at a roadthat fills the world with

Gum—the more you chew the side restaurant. While peerterror, were half the

smarter you get."Randy: "Got ing between the slices of wealth bestowed on

any more?"Mike: "Just one bread, he said to the waitcamps and courts givstick left. I'll sell it for a doler, "Ugh, you slice 'em en to redeem the hular."Randy: "Here's the dolham?""Yes, I sliced the man mind from error,

lar!'Mike: "Here's the gum."ham,"replied the waiter. there were no need for

Randy: "Boy, this is OK. Tastes "Ugh,"grunted the Indian, arsenals and forts.

good. Do you think I'll get "you nearly miss 'em."Henry W. Longfellow

smart from this? Funny—

don't feel any different. I think

it's a joke."Mike: "Say,

you're getting smart already!"A business executive from

the East was touring Salt Lake City. While on Temple

A grade school teacher received Square he made friends with a letter from a pupil signed, a little Latterday Saint girl..

"Your little fiend, Jeffrey,""My home is in New York,"he told the little miss, "but you probably don't know The desire to have many books, and The ultimate effect of shieldwhere New York is, do you?"

never to use them, is like a child that ing men from the effects of "Oh, yes, I do,"the little girl will have a candle burning by him all the folly is to fill the world replied enthusiastically. "Our

while he is asleep.—Henry Peacham with fools.—Herbert Spencer ward has a missionary there."

Before going to bed a little boy If we do our part, our genealogieswas saying his prayers in a will be unfolded to us—sometimes in

very low voice. "I can't hear one ivay, sometimes in another. So I

you, dear,"his mother whisivant to suggest to you, my brethren pered.""Wasn't talking to and sisters: let us do our part.

you,"said the child earnestly.—President George Albert Smith

752 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE BEAUTY, DIGNITY & PERMANENCE OF L.D.S.

CHAPELS ENHANCED WITH FACE BRICK FROM INTERSTATE

Today's L.D.S. Chapels are masterpieces of

architectural and building skills. Interstate Brick

is selected to set the basic motif for the entire

building, and is also used extensively for interior facing... a beautiful compliment to the

majesty of the building and a practical solution to long lasting beauty and minimum maintenance

problems.

BRICK BUILDS BETTER

FOR LESS

COMPANY

3100 SOUTH 11 00 EAST

SALT LAKE CITY

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Your Beneficial Life dollars work for you—and your community.

Each dollar that a policyowner Invests in Beneficial Life Insurance does double duty: first, it protects him and his family against loss of income, and provides

future income and cash values for retirement and other special needs; and

second, it helps build facilities, such as new roads and bridges, for the communities in which we live...aiding the economy BENEFICIAL LIFE

of the entire region where this money is invested.

Virgil H. Smith, Pra. Salt Lake City, Utah

w.