fe-

"a***.**.

The Improvement Era September 1965

'* *y

WHY DO SOME CHILDREN

SEEM TO HAVE ALL THE ANSWERS?

Is it native intelligence? Bright parents? Or just

hard work and study? Obviously, it's a combination

of all these qualities that helps a child excel, but there is often one other factor: the educational

resources in the home.

For families who cannot afford a home reference library of a thousand or more books, most of the answers that children need are provided by

Encyclopaedia Britannica. Here, in compact form,

is one of the world's most complete reference libraries.

Each authoritative article begins with a basic, overall explanation. This is then followed by material of

greater and greater depth, so that the reader may go as deeply into any subject as his age and talent allow.

What a wonderful challenge to discovery and learning

And Britannica holds the fullest answers to adult questions as well. To own it is an enriching experience

for the whole family.

New edition ENCYCLOPAEDIA DXil IxxL i IN J. \ji\.

available direct from the publisher on

Book a Month Payment Plan you get all 24 volumes now...pay later!

The latest edition of Britannica—the it is information on the rules of a sport, Preview Booklet Offered FREE

greatest treasury of knowledge ever pubthe background of a religion, how to build lished—is the greatest in our almost 200- a brick arch in a fireplace, or the science Simply fill in and mail the attached card

year publishing history. An enormous of launching a guided missile. today, and we will send you... without

printing materially reduces our costs and The new Britannica almost "televises"cost or obligation... a copy of our beauunder an unusual direct-f romthe- information to you, with more than tiful new booklet which contains an

publisher plan, we pass these benefits on 18,000 magnificent photographs, maps exciting preview of the latest edition of to you. All 24 handsome volumes of this and drawings. In every respect, BritanEncyclopaedia Britannica. Mail no

worldrenowned reference library will be nica is the largest and most complete refmoney. It's yours, absolutely free! Howto avoid disappointment, please in set publisheddelivered containever, America, erence direct to your from home NOW

it attached mail the card today before later at so ing over 28,000the publisher. a cost over 36,000,000 pages and pay You

low it is as easy as buying a book a month words. slips your mind.

Equivalent to a library of 1,000 books Symbol of a good home Mail the attached card now

Encyclopaedia Britannica is the most Encyclopaedia Britannica cannot help for FREE BOOKLET valuable gift you can give yourself and but have a lasting effect on you as well tear out Just attached gift of priceless knowlof—family the the asyour development growth on and

fill in card, mail and life. signifchildren later inedge. subject in school every Information your on and free Preview your for

its is said: in to containedicant investment Franklin Benjamin new "An mankind the Booklet of new

edition It is of ofedition. library to interest,"in best equivalent the knowledge a pays and Of JJehallenge Encyclopaedia books, gives bringing1,000 the Britannica the accumulated knowledge you you tomorrow Britannica. write Or clear, leadof in easyto- authority of worldrecognized the knowledge worldand to Encyclopaedia

ers in every field. read language and superb illustrations. Britannica, Dept.

North Just think of a subject—and

Avenue,it in Britannica Encyclopaedia 60611. you'll—whetherfind cationIt is essentialis valuedin andeveryrespected.home where edu313-S,MichiganChicago,425Illinois

Exploring the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

SAN ANDREAS FAULT, CALIFORNIA

The San Andreas fault is a gigantic fracture zone which varies from 3 to 6 miles in width and extends threequarters the length of

California. It runs from the Mendocino coast, ending in the south in

the Gulf of California. Measurements indicate the west side is moving continuously northward at the

rate of two inches a year, with a total movement over millions of years of perhaps 350 miles.

LANGUAGES OF PHYSICS PUBLICATIONS A recent examination of the languages used for publication in physics found that 76 percent of articles were in English, 14 percent in Russian, 4 percent in French, 4 percent in German, and 2 percent in all other languages. Professor

Robert T. Beyer of Brown University based his study on articles

contained in Physics Abstracts. Of

articles summarized in the Russian U&l Sugar gives kids get up and go!Referativny Zhurnal, English was

the original language for 63 percent, Russian 24 percent, French 3 percent, German 2 percent, and School days are here other languages of the world 8 percent. again! And healthy young

RUSSIAN RIVERS CLEARED OF bodies need the pure

ICE JAMS food energy that U & I can give! Children can't

Russians have conducted some interesting experiments to combat survive on foodless foods the icejam floods. The Northern and drinks with no

Dvina and Onega rivers had 4,000 energy value. Serve oftons blackening substances and

chemical preparations scattered on energyhigh U & I Sugar the ice by airplanes. High spring treats to your family

water levels were prevented at

Arkhangelsk for 6 years and navioften.

gation on the Northern Dvina beEnergy High U & I gan some days earlier. the sugar from our land.

SEPTEMBER I96S 745 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Contents for September 1965 Volume 68, Number 9

ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

Church Features 756, 770, 774, 776, 780 Art:

The Editor's Page: Six Small Essays, President David O. McKay 756 758 Photo:MauriceMonkmeyerScanlon

Your Question: Use of Cola Drinks and Playing Games of Chance, 760, Ted762763,Nagata812813 Art:

President Joseph Fielding Smith 758 761765, Photos:767 Photo:'Max WallaceTharpe Barrus

768 Photo: Deseret News

Art: Dale KilboumThe Church Photo: Moves On, 748; Melchizedek Priesthood: Family Unity, 812; Presiding Bishopric's 769771 Warren and Phyllis Luch

814.Page, Art: 772 Warren Luch

777 Art: Alvin Gittins

780 Photo: Eastern Photo Service

Special Features 783784785Art: Art:BurtonWarrenFletcherand

Save the Youth of Zion, Spencer W. Kimball—760 786 PhyllisArt: JerryLuchThompson

Our President's Ninetysecond Birthday, Carter E. Grant.764 816817VirginiaArt: SargentMaurice Scanlon,

A Man with a Secret, Norman Vincent Peale 767 819,825839820 Art:Art: MauricePhyllis LuchScanlon, Dale

Cheating, Wilford E. Smith 770 Kilboum

Teaching: How Art Thou Fallen,... O Lucifer? Alma P. Burton 774

The Honor and Value of Work and Selfreliance, /. Reuben Clark, Jr 780

Since Cumorah, The Story of Zenos, Hugh Nibley 782

Genealogy: Tulpehocken Manor Farm, Winifred Morse McLachlan 784

Be a Most Valuable Player, Norma Ashton 786

A Testimony 799 The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans....790, 791, 794, 798, 808

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 745; Letters and Reports, 750; These Times: WORLD'S FAIR

The Changing Schools and their Governing Boards of Lay Citizens, G. Homer Durham, 752. Information on reservations for

housing accommodations while The Era of Youth.825 obtainedattending bythe contactingWorld's Fair may be

Ernest H. Wiemer

The Last Word....840 LDS8569World's60th DriveFair Housing Center

Elmhurst, New York 11373 Family and Home Features TelephoneReservationsOLmust13540be made early.

Flannelboard Lessons, A Spoonful of Sugar, Part 4, Daryl V. Hoole 772

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Lunch Time 816 Find the Reason for Poor Marks, Blanche Campbell 819

Home, Sweet Home, FBP 820

Stories, Poetry Saba, Harry L. Click 776

Poetry 754, 769, 788, 792, 796, 806, 811, 824

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

THE COVER Associate Editor; L. Josephson, Managing Albert Managing Green, Richard Marba Doyle O.David McKay C

Editorial Associates; Pinnock, Editor; Davis, Florence Today's Family Marlowe,Editor; Becki Editor; Darold L. Zobell,MarionJr.,Research Carterand.

Editor; Direction; Associate Studio. Art ReynoldsB. Cattle Ralph Era Youth Higgins,Cannon, YouthE. Grant,Editor;L. Evans,DonnaElaineEditors; The of Hanks, graze in a distant meadow as of The EraD.

G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Hugh Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry. Alma A. Gardiner, Contributing Editors. photographer Hal Rumel captures

G. Carlos Smith, Jr., General Manager; Florence S. Jacobsen, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription this early autumn scene near

Director; Thayer Evans, Advertising Director. Bear Lake on the UtahIdaho border.

Saints, published 1965, Mutual Christ of Latterday of of Jesus Association Church and by the Superintendent, Improvement The Men's Mutual YoungGeneral subscripmultiple in rights advance; All reserved. price, $3.00 Subscription a year, of of Associations Christ Latterday of Jesus The ChurchImprovement

price. year $8.25; to year, three thetions, $2.50 $5.75; 3 years, each succeeding 2 years, a year addedSaints.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act

of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Era ImprovementThe and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbutreturn.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2ca word

days'noticeThirty changes cannot be madeis requiredunless theforoldchangeaddressof asaddress.well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address byCoverDeseretlithographedNews Pressin full color

746 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

.

IN HONOR OF

PRESIDENT McKAY

A Collection ofinspirational

works written by or in tribute

to the beloved Prophet

Ckemiicd

OAVID 0. M r KAV

I. TREASURES OF LIFE worksthe distantto helppartshisofservantsthe earth.as theyAs Presidentcarry theMcKay'sgospel messagesecretary,to

by David O. McKay Clare Middlemiss has had the rare opportunity of learning the

A book that every Latterday Saint will wish to own—both President's Cherished Experiences and has preserved them in

for itself and for the author. As family man, educator, Counsethis work for the increased blessings of the Church. $3.00

lor, and President of the Church, President McKay knows facets of life that build people into wellrounded, stabilized members of society. $4.95 IV. A CONVERT'S TRIBUTE TO

PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

II. HOME MEMORIES OF by F.E. Schluter

businessman a prominent eulogy poignant American who by A 0. DAVIDPRESIDENT McKAY

prophet, the personality of the powerful captivated by was Llewelyn compiled by R. McKay tribute to the beloved the joins pays and Church Mormon

first life collection intimate of in the family of the memoriesAn in his exciting book. leader $1.50of the President compiled son, Church by second McKay's

Llewelyn. From the stories of President McKay's early life, one

can readily see the fruits of his maturity. A book all Latterday V. ANCIENT APOSTLES

Saints should have in their library. $2.95 by David O. McKay

A new volume of inspiration that will bring to life in the

III. CHERISHED EXPERIENCES FROM THE reader's mind those men who walked and taught with the

WRITINGS OF PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY savior. Written with rare insight, and in President McKay's

compiled by Clare Middlemiss own inimitable style, Ancient Apostles will be a family favorite.

A book of deep insight into the miraculous ways the Lord $2.95

DESERET BOOK COMPANY I enclose check Q Money Order [ Please bill 44 East South Temple, me, I have an account.

Salt City, Utah 841 Lake 11 Name I like the to receive should * following12books3 4circled5 AddressCity. State;

Residents of Utah please add 3'/2% sales tax.

Residents of California, when ordering through California store, please add 4% sales tax.

.

RAISE

FUNDS FAST!

SellL.D.S. The

Historical Church Moves Calendars On Deseret Book Company now accepting Exclusive Franchises in many areas.

JUNE 1965

The 1966 edition Hattiesburg (Mississippi) Stake, 408th in the present roll call 12 fullcolorfeatures pictures of Temples of church stakes, was organized under the direction of Elder and Church LandHoward W. Hunter of the Council of the Twelve and Elder John

marks, including a Longden, Assistant to the Twelve. Elder Edwin H. White was

fullcolor portrait of sustained as stake president with Elders John S. Scott, II, andPresident Wilford

Woodruff. Each picVernon L. Lander as counselors. This is the third stake to be

ture is with an exorganized in Mississippi in as many months.

planatory legend. Elder Winfield Q. Cannon sustained as president of Los Angeles

lists scripEach day tures, or (California) Stake succeeding President Arvo Van Alstyne. His quotations,

historical data especounselors are Elders Merlin W. Sant and John K. Carmack. Presicially interesting to dent Cannon and Elder Sant were serving as counselors to President

LDS families. Van Alstyne.

After today's meetings the scheduling of quarterly stake conferPRIESTHOOD GROUPS and ences took a brief summer recess.

WARD ORGANIZATIONS This day marked the 121st anniversary of the martyrdom of the

Make Over 100% Profit! Prophet Joseph Smith and the Patriarch Hyrum Smith at Carthage,

Illinois.

Each calendar sells for $1, JULY 1965 costs 49<t We pay all shipping charges. The First Presidency announced the appointment of members

of the church building committee to serve with Chairman

Many exclusive Franchises Mark B. Garff. The members are: Fred A. Baker, Ogden, Utah;

still open. Julian S. Cannon, Victor Laughlin, Allan M. Acomb, Emil B.

Reserve Your Area Today. Fetzer, Horace A. Christiansen, and Ray Engebretsen, all of Salt

Lake City.

Complete Sales Information With

First Order. Elder D. Hatch Howard sustained as president of Bountiful

East (Utah) Stake with counselors Elders James C. Ingleby

and Douglas R. Grimshaw. They succeed President Rendell N.

ttaeretCOMPANY Book counselorsMabey, recentlywere ElderscalledMelvinas presidentJ. Hodgkinsonof theandSwissDuaneMission.B. Welling.His

44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AT AND COTTONWOOD MALL Elder D. Ross Boyack sustained as president of North Carbon CITY SALT LAKE

2472 WASHINGTON 777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE,BLVD.,CALIFORNIAOGDEN (Utah) Stake with counselors Elders Stanley E. Best and John J.

Nielson. They succeed President Cecil Broadbent, recently called

as president of the West German Mission, and his counselors Elders

Stanley R. Judd and Rex L. Christensen.

USE THIS HANDY ORDER FORM DESERET BOOK COMPANY The annual twoday allchurch golf tournament began today 44 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE near Salt Lake City. The YWMIA division winners this first

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 841 10 day were Genevieve Neuenschwander, Nifty Fifty; Jean Widdeson,

We want the Exclusive Franchise to sell Novice I; and Carma Stevens, Novice II.

L.D.S. Historical Calendars. Enter our Miss Mary Lou Brunn of Salt Lake City was appointed secretaryorder for

Include: "HOW49<tTO each.RAISEShipFUNDSPREPAID.SELLtreasurer of the Primary Association, replacing Mrs. Helen Beth

ING LDS HISTORICAL CALENDARS."Henrichsen, who has served since October 1953.

ORDERED BY; ADDRESS: Victorious in this year's YMMIA allchurch senior golf tourney

CITY: STATE: was Gale Anderson from Tacoma Fifth Ward, Tacoma ( WashWARD or BRANCH: ington) Stake. In the junior division Steve Brinton, a teacher in

STAKE: APPROVED BY: Parley's Stake (Salt Lake City), gained (Continued on page 789)

(Bishop or Branch President)

748 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IDEAL REFERENCE FOR COURSE 27, rREATJWOMENTS PATRIARCHSAND GOSPELOF DOCTRINETHE OLD TESTAMENTCLASSES inJAOKMONDOM

THE THIRD THOUSAND YEARS by W. Cleon Skousen

In the broad vista of human history, few epics are more neglected than the ten thundering centuries from 2,000 to 1,000 B.C. Religious history unfolds in The Third Thousand

Years, episode by episode, revealing such giants as Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Joseph, Moses, Aaron, and many more

The Pharaoh's daughter discovers Jochebed's son... making Bible reading a joyous adventure.

and names him Moses $5.95

e FIRST 2,0OOZ WmgsTfCtFON SKOUSJNJ

THE FIRST 2000 YEARS by W. Cleon Skousen

The Missouri Persecutions by B. H. Roberts

Here is a clear explanation of the sweeping drama of bibliHere is the poignant story of Mormon suffering in Missouri.

cal events from the time of Adam to the days of Abraham.

Mob outrages met by quiet heroism, noble sacrifice for

More than 500 perplexing questions raised in the Old the truth we proudly inherit today—these are feelingly

Testament are answered for all time by the authoritative portrayed in B. H. Roberts'long outof-printclassic now

use of ancient and modern scripture.

reissued. Appendices reproducing Missouri county histories

Brought together for you in one volume are many exciting enhance the book's documentary value.

chapters which the Church has received concerning the $3.50

first 2000 years of human history. $3.95

Bookcraft 9/65 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

I enclose check or ORDER FROM Pleasemoney ordersend forthe $book (books) as indicated for which

YOUR NEAREST The Third Thousand The First The Missouri Persecutions

BOOKCRAFT Years 2000 Years DEALER OR FROM: ADDRESS.NAME....

CITY.STATE..ZIP.

SEPTEMBER 1965 749

Letters and Reports

GOLD MEDALLIONS

DOT BEEHIVE STATE

In Salt Lake City, Gold Medallion awards for seven individual awards earned in

YWMIA activity are worn by a mother and her daughter. Mrs. Doris M. Howard

and her daughter Jane Doreen both won the seventh award in the Cannon 3rd

Ward, Cannon Stake, at the same time and have now earned eight individual awards.

In neighboring Murray, Karren Elaine

Smith was the first winner of the Medallion in Murray 7th Ward and in Murray South Stake. She is now working on

her Golden Gleaner award and is teaching the secondyear Beehive class.

Farther south in Utah, Dorothy Kay

McArthur of Glendale Ward, Kanab

Stake, earned the Gold Medallion, kept working, and is now earning her ninth individual award.

of Curtis Salina Carol Jacobsen Ann include the award. Young EAGLES women AWARDED BYU the Stake,1st earned Sevier North Ward, IN Kress IDAHO and Margene sophomores DeeAnn SOUTHERN

is bride, recently. Carol Ann a newaward

is counselor a Ralphs, ward who YWMIA of wife the Alan in Ricks sophomores College Scouts the on campus; Eagle Jerome 2nd Five new is Curtis. She Loy Hailing, a college Stake, received ward Carolynn (Idaho) Ward, Gooding Colattending Snow president, Vicki evening. May; and at and a recent rank the award They YWMIA lege, Utah, Ephraim, Allen, 1 registered nurse are, to Richard Patrick Kathleen Williams, who Matis active she where 1964 in Ricks College graduated from thews, Thompson, Johnson, Lon Lynnr, stuin and drama

is scholartotal attending on of and Thompson. Michael 58 now and BYU A affairs. dent was She valedictorian ship. high school nineteen She was merit awarded badges were Sevier North Miss

at State of Idaho the queen Honor. and during Court Scouts Campus Day in the competed and University.

. contest. Miss Utah in eastern Morris, Idaho, Also Judy HOME: Doris FAR FROM and AWAY Jane

(Lost River Stake) Second Ward THE ERA IS A BOND Arco in the was the first young ward woman to receive the Medallion. has atShe for the Era. very Thank you much A few

Ricks College a junior at and is as scenes covers, of the such and tended snow the lush meadow in the spring make us a BYU.

little homesick.

We have missed the Church very much during the eight months we have been in India. We usually read the Era

in one day after it arrives because we

Dorothy Karren are so anxious to receive any word from our wonderful church leaders.

Carol T. Spillett

ERA SERVES Calcutta, India TEACHING ROLES Margene DeeAnn Carolynn

MEDALLIONS GLITTER IN IDAHO Although it is late at night, I must take this time to write you and tell you what a Five young women and two leaders wonderful magazine the Era is. Your mafrom the small southeastern Idaho comterial is not only informative, but instrucmunity of Rockland have received their

tive and inspirational as well, and very Gold Medallions for earning seven valuable for my friend and me. Thank YWMIA individual awards. Rockland

you. Ward YWMIA President LeVerl Ralphs

Connie Red Star and American Falls Stake MIA counselor

Lodge Grass, Montana Judith Robinson are leaders who earned Vicki Kathleen Judy

750 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

TODAY IS TOMORROW

Now is the time to prepare for your child's mission tomorrow!

American Western Life was the first insurance company to envision the needs of a growing missionary program and provide the means whereby you can now assure your child, and yourself, the means to a financially troublefree mission.

With American Western's Guaranteed Mission Fund, your missionary will receive: 1. Up to $100.00* per month.

2. $1,000.00 insurance protection from today to the ages of 21. 3. Will pay no premiums for ages 1922 of protection.

4. 10 to 1 conversion at age 22 to a $10,000.00 policy with no physical examination necessary. All this for the low

monthly premium of $11.70** Send NOW for full details.

*Funds may also be used for educational purposes. ** Age 3 years AMERICAN WESTERN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

* 247 South 5th East / Salt Lake City, Utah 84102

ICY? I am interested in your GUARANTEED MISSION FUND for my

child children grandchildren. Their names are:

DATE OF BIRTH

American Western Day Month Year

Life Insurance Day Month Year Company Day Month Year 247 South 5th East Name Salt Lake City, Utah Address 84102 City State Zip

Send me information on this program. I understand I am under

no obligation.

SEPTEMBER 1965 75!

HERE'S A "GOLD MINE"

OF IDEAS

Changing School FOR YOU and their Governing Brigham Young University sponsors hundreds of special courses, Boards of Lay Citizens seminars, conferences, institutes,

THESE TIMES forums and programs by top By Dr. G. Homer Durham

in men and women all fields of President, Arizona State University, Tempe isMJr Publications Extension learning.

of the Division of Continuing One of the remarkable achievemunity-wide pride and necessity

Education reproduces and sells ments of American democracy has have given broad support to public at cost selected publications from been the effective insulation of schools. In the West, nearly everyfeels in pride public the systems its school from organized, one this rich offering. Of interest to

feels are that control. schools, political they partisan, good

everyone are the stimulating The words "organized,""partienough for anyone. In the East,

stories, addresses and experisan,"and "political,"used consecucommunity support for public ences of the General Authorities. tively, were selected with purpose. schools in some districts and areas

The s'chool systems are under politiis poor and at best mixed. Some

NEARLY 800 TITLES organizedcal control. politicalThey arecontrol.subject Butto peopleor "better"appearpeopleto feeldothatnotthe attend"best"

they are not subject to organized public schools but must have the

Devotional Speeches partisan political control. advantage of some select, private

is establishment. beThere is a also some world of difference There Forum Speeches are feeling political conschools that the the public organized tween

Selected Speeches trol of an American school district really poor. No one with accuracy

and the organized partisan politiever speaks of the American school

Lecture Series cal control of some others. The difsystem. Instead, accurate language

Symposium Proceedings ference is that the community has, refers to the American school under state law, organized and systems.

Pamphlets provided nonpartisan school boards, In the South there have been two

Religion Seminars elected by the people, who control kinds of public schools as well as public education. This is organized private schools. The effort to "inteBooks political control. grate"the two kinds of public

Most states require that school schools to meet the constitutional

SEND FOR YOUR boardindividuals,membersnot asrunDemocrats,for office Reas requirementprive any personthat noof thestateequalshallprode- tection of Catholics, publicans, the laws has been a major Mormons, FREE CATALOG NOW liberals, issue. Protestants, conservapublic Jews,

tives, and so forth. Americans have The nonpartisan political control

always felt that public education of the public school district by the

Clip and Mail was too important and precious to voice of those interested enough to

EXTENSION PUBLICATIONS be entrusted to any organized vote in school board elections has

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY special interest. Special interests brought able men and women into

PROVO, UTAH 84601 wanting to control a school have, office. This system of control, in

professional paid turn, utilizes the of organizing instead, the privilege copy of like to have a free Yes, I would called administrator, usually a of their a school and maintaining Publications catalog. Extension 1965 your

own, risking funds, reputation, and superintendent of schools, as the

Name. accreditation. Public schools preadministrative means for seeing to it

sent the same risks. Both kinds of that educational standards are met,

Address. schools have been successful. Both competent teachers employed, and

kinds have had less than success, the system effectively managed.

City. but not often. The combined device of the elected,

In the American West, com- (Continued on page 754)

State..Zip

7S2 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The ten colleges, two graduate schools and Division of Continuing Education which comprise the University of Utah offer programs of instruction, inquiry and research in more than 90 fields of study. Students

may qualify for one or more of 45 accredited graduate and undergraduate degrees which the

University of Utah is authorized Housing (Single Students) to award. Director of Housing

Housing (Married Students) To receive the University of Manager, University Village

Utah information bulletin, write to Box E, Park Building, Fraternities and Sororities

University of Utah, Dean of Students'Office,

Salt Lake City, Utah 84112. Park Building

The Honors Program More specific inquiries may be Director of the Honors Proaddressed as follows: gram, Orson Spencer Hall

Admissions To receive a copy of the Director of Admissions,

Park Building complete University of Utah catalog, send $1.00 to

Registration University Book Store, Registrar, Park Building University of Utah, Scholarship and Student Loans Salt Lake City, Utah.

Director, Financial Aids and Catalogs of the Colleges are

Scholarships, Park BuildingThe available without charge from

University the Deans of the Colleges.

of Utah 1965 REGISTRATION DATES:

Autumn Quarter - September 24, 25, 1965

Winter Quarter - January 3, 4, 1966

Spring Quarter - March 25, 26, 1966

Summer Quarter June 25, 1966

SEPTEMBER 186S 753

These Times sentially with the challenge of improvement, of human growth and (Continued from page 752) change, it is natural that teachers lay citizenboard responsible to the and pupils become involved in community and to the ideals of ideas quite different to their pareducation and their administrative ents, whether in mathematics, art, agent, the appointed professional or the nature of the school recreasuperintendent, has worked well. tion program.

American education is deeply inWithout the elected lay boards volved in politics: in the politics of of citizens in American public eduschool finance, construction, and cation, the development of many

educational objectives. But it has new ideas would be impossible.

generally escaped involvement in The impact of organized political organized partisan politics. control directly on the professional

The nation's school systems are teachers would drive sensitive changing. As population grows and teachers from the classroom and

as new urban patterns replace the provoke bitter controversy. I have

old red schoolhouse, school systems friends who enjoyed the Charleston are inescapably thrust deeper into and the Waterloo when we were in politics. Nonpartisan as they are, high school. Their parents were

the politics of education are warm horrified. Today these same forand real. Teachers'associations are merly bouncy youths, now grandespecially active, from the NEA on parents, look askance at the dances

through state affiliates. Then there of current youth. April and Novemare the school board associations ber look at the world with different

and many other organized groups, eyes. The lay school boards have to

including the P-TA. Teachers'prolook both ways at once and medifessional associations tend to look ate. They make mistakes. They

at the legal, medical, and some sometimes dismiss highminded, exother professions with some envy. uberant teachers for overindulWhere is the lay board that fixes gence in political, economic, or

legal policy for the lawyer or medisocial opinions contrary to their cal policy for the physician? This own. But they do their work openly

question is sometimes asked by the and well. Remember the excellent

professional teacher. Both the law services rendered by* your school

and the practice of medicine inboard members, that the superinvolve the deepest considerations of tendents and teachers under their better control may policy. not public run nonpartisan w they do But O—cra <U vN rac -eD. as children serve they return your issues as the surrounding C/) as deep.-o o oi-c- o:

this to the September. classroom oj. medieducation. and public Law >o*- +-'i- j <oE no3—|i

TO 0 fall practised, cine, within when g-5 -I-'C 3co <D fixed responsibility of channels by = toi k. co no o x; CD 01 = CO selfthe as legislation as well -5C SACRAMENT DURING THOUGHTS a) no raE 5 TO CO-; profesMATHESON BY OUIDA oj actions of the regulatory MAY

no Q. no a coj ro"sions. co jEiro of presence elected the The o

ro -O 2 * o CO oj JT +-J |5>o oo -t—of the private lay gift, or board, board > jS be worthy Thy Let of me >> OJ

ZJ; = trustees, all in sin. E private public and Forgiveness of coQJ -j j= tuE <?- no r oEcu ff'3 CJ O ro is really taint I great a school systems any free be must X3 from

CD => >-0). o benefit to a I o enter in not education and would If -fZ 0) co ro0) Eu. 2 <

detriment to professional teachers.

School systems are dealing daily And spend eternity with Thee wA Qi i- COO with instruments of change. Schools, In Thy celestial home

exist to loved ones dear, enable things, departed other With among

Pia Wurlit >< I themselves, as greet come. to individuals improve To me

ic o < r readto nonreaders to change from u, cO aXc cm -* 1 writers, to gratitude no should ers, nonwriters know from 601 My oh PI C

Elect< calculators, to noncalculators bounds KALB, from mation

JILDER

Illinois c ilz ising to little ability life's me. shed blood creatures For with for from

Bl ED Ra little Kalb, realize thinkers nor sensible infori to concentrate know We

'ianos RGEST be. great solving, procould pain RL of Thy De problem capable und How

NS, e to their jecting mental powers w < < 1—>

anticipate the unexpected and to As I renew my covenants love. heart is filled with to the with unexpected respond My w Q 55, "j < orO m z< AA cvCD that be I might worthy reason, would calm, even valor. and O 5 a a- *- JE >| Io esabove! thank deal school To Thee systems up Because DTJ (f < O.-s A

734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA L. to r. PAULENA CARTER, Pianist; DOROTHY WARENSKJOLD, Soprano; CARMEN DRAGON, Conductor; NORMA ZIMMER, Soprano.

1 AMillCAlS

Music for Our Country's School Children "To create the love of music in a child is an artist's finest reward!"

No artist is better qualified to speak such words than Carmen

Dragon, conductor of the Standard School Broadcast, heard by millions of children in their classrooms, and adults at home.

"What a thrill,"says Dorothy Warenskjold, "to open a world of music to children"... "It is a privilege to share in this

creative work,"says Paulena Carter... "The child with a love

of music grows into a richer person,"says Norma Zimmer.

For these stars of opera, concert, radio and television, as for many others, the Standard School Broadcast helped to start their present successful careers.

These, distinguished artists are only a few of hundreds who have made this unique program, from opera to folk music to symphony to jazz, an American educational asset. They gladly

take time to perform with Standard Oil because... "To create

the love of music in a child is an artist's finest reward."

Just as they learn the appreciation of music, young "We Are Americans,"the 38th Standard School Broadcast radio series, begins people also learn that the man at the Sign of the

Thursday, October 21, 1965. Please consult local papers for time and station. Chevron means friendly service to the family car.

The ChevronSign of excellence STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

SEPTEMBER 1963 7SS.

EDITORS PAGE BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

The Gospel.. his people, but also aware of certain duties incumbent upon him

The Power & Authority from any standpoint as they pertain to the office to

There is nothing in the gospel Priesthood is the power and which he has been appointed.

of Jesus Christ, as taught by the authority inherent in the Godhead. So it is with any man called to

restored Church, of which any In man it is always a delegated a position in The Church of Jesus man need be ashamed. We may authority; it cannot be assumed Christ of Latterday Saints. He

look at it from any standpoint with efficacy. not only should be cognizant of

the standpoint of present needs, Priesthood means service. This the power which he holds as a

the benefits that it gives to us is true even at its divine source, representative of Christ, but he daily and the character which it as we may infer from the sublime also should see clearly what duties establishes among its members; declaration: "... this is my work he has to perform in order to disin him.or we may take it from the standand my glory—to bring to pass charge the trust imposed

point of the hope of future existhe immortality and eternal life of tence and the teachings of God, man."(Moses 1:39.) Emanating Latterday Saints

of the Christ, and of eternal life. from Deity is the service that

as a Beacon From any standpoint there is leads to the redemption of God's nothing of which the members of children. The sexual impurity of the

the Church need be ashamed. On Whenever the priesthood is world today is a result of the loss

the contrary, if we examine the delegated to man, it is conferred of true manhood through indulprinciples in an unprejudiced manupon him not as a personal disgence. Unchaste thoughts have

ner, we shall be forced to the tinction, although it becomes such bred unchaste words, and unconclusion that Mormonism has as he honors it, but as authority chaste words, unchaste acts. In

everything of which to be humbly to represent Deity and an obligathe teachings of the Church, next proud. tion to assist the Lord in bringing to the crime of murder comes

to pass the immortality and that of adultery and sexual uneternal life of man. chastity. If the Latterday Saints

When a citizen is called to repremain true to their belief in chasresent his government in a foreign tity and develop true manhood nation either as consul, minister, through practising selfcontrol in or ambassador, he goes to his other ways, they will stand as a post not only cognizant of his rebeacon light whose rays will penesponsibility as a representative of trate a sinstained world.

756 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA wow

A Chilli... A Practical The Existence

his Family and Home Principle & Teaching of... God

The family gives to the child One of the most practical No man can accept the resurhis name and standing in the teachings of the Church is the rection and be consistent in his community. A child wants his principle of the Word of Wisdom, belief without accepting also the

family to be as good as those of section 89 of the Doctrine and existence of a Personal God.

his friends. He wants to be able Covenants. Daily practice in keepThrough the resurrection Christ

to point with pride to his father ing this commandment will do conquered death and became an and to find an inspiration always more in the development of true immortal soul. "My Lord and my

as he thinks of his mother. It is moral manhood than anything God"(John 20:28) was not merely

a mother's duty so to live that her else I know. It is true, it deals an idle exclamation of Thomas

children will associate with her principally with the appetite; but when he beheld his Risen Lord.

everything that is beautiful, sweet, you show me a man who has The Being before him was his God.

and pure. And the father should complete control over his appeOnce we accept Christ as divine,

so live that the child, emulating tite, who can resist all temptations it is easy to visualize his Father his example, will be a good citizen to indulge in tea, coffee, tobacco, as being just as personal as he, and, in the Church, a true Latteror whisky, and I will show you a for, said Jesus, "... he that hath

day Saint. man who has likewise developed seen me hath seen the Father;

A child has the right to feel power to control his passions and..."(Ibid,, 14:9.)

that in his home he has a place desires. On the other hand, a man Inseparable with the ideal of a

of refuge, a place of protection who indulges his appetites, either divine, personal Being is the acfrom the dangers and evils of the secretly or otherwise, has a weakceptance of him as the Creator of outside world. Family unity and ened manhood that will not serve the world. True Christianity does

integrity are necessary to supply him when he is tempted to indulge not look upon the universe as the this need. his passions. result of mere interaction of matYour family hours together on ter and motion, of law and force,

home evenings help build the but on the contrary, it regards all strength of the home. creation as the product of a Divine

Intelligence.

SEPTEMBER 1965 757 75B THE IMPROVEMENT ERA answer: Time is precious and should be occupied

Use of bein someenlighteneduseful pursuitand spiritualityor study inincreased.which theWhilemindtheremay

is no objection to the brethren and sisters meeting

Cola Drinks togethertion, the fromdevotingtimeoftothetimetimeto toengagesome infoolishsomepracticerelaxaas the playing of cards or games of chance is conand Playing Jesustrary Christ.to the spirit and teachings of the gospel of

I was definitely informed by a chemist that the cola drinks are just as harmful as tea or coffee, and his alone. advice to leave all such substances was

I I - i Games—fc—I '"m mi!! if correctly, Bingo, is a mild I understand game

of chance. How much better it would be if when a

of Chance group of members of the Church comes together for some relaxation their time could be spent in a discussion of some of the vital principles of the gospel of

Jesus Christ or listening to some historical narration pertaining to the history of the Church or a remarkable experience that would be faithpromoting as well YOUR as interesting to all who are assembled. There are so

many ways in which groups, when they come toQUES- gether, might be entertained and at the same time edified by the relating of some remarkable incident particularly in connection with the preaching of the TION gospel, the establishing of pioneer communities, and

ANSWERED BY a thousandThe Old otherTestament,things thethatBookwouldof beMormon,faithpromoting.and even

the history of the Church are replete with faithJOSEPH promoting incidents that should never be forgotten and which never grow old by repetition. The Lord has FIELDING commanded members of the Church to improve

their minds by study and by faith, and the ancient SMITH PRESIDENT OF prophetsthe secondhaveadventpredictedof thea Songloriousof God,day atodaycomewhen,beforeas it is written, the Lord will make a new covenant with THE COUNCIL

OF THE TWELVE the"Andhousetheyof shallIsrael:teach no more every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying, Know the

question: "Please enlighten me Lord: for they shall all know me, from the least of

in relation to the use of cola drinks them unto the greatest of them, saith the Lord: for

and the playing of bingo games at I will forgive their iniquity, and I will remember their parties given by members of the sin no more."(Jer. 31:34.)

Church. Our neighborhood is startWhat a glorious day this will be. Moreover, that

ing a group of wives who will play day, according to the revelation of the Lord, is near once a month, and each person will at hand. It is written:

bring one small item to be played "Verily, I say unto you, this generation, in which for. I do not like to go and would these things shall be shown forth, shall not pass away

like to know our policy in relation until all I have told you shall be fulfilled."(Joseph

to such gatherings or groups."Smith 1:34.)

SEPTEMBER 1965 759 Every parent and teacher of youth in the

Church should read this provocative and vital message!

Immodest and inappropriate dress, early and steady dating, oneare primary evils, contributing partnerall-evening dancing—these

to the breakdown in the morals of today's youth. In this talk an

Apostle frankly discusses these serious and growing problems and tells what should be done about them as he issues a challenge to...

Save the Youth of Zion BY ELDER SPENCER W. KIMBALL

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE ADDRESS DELIVERED AT 1965 MIA JUNE CONFERENCE

I congratulate you on your calls from the Lord to and other ruinous social practices.

the high posts which you occupy. What nobler, more I am sure little girls should wear little dresses. Little

challenging one could come to anyone! The destiny boys should not be pushed toward social life with

of young folks has been placed in your hands. Your sports clothes. Mothers are not kind to little ladies

presence here today bespeaks your interest in them to permit or encourage for them high heels or makeup and your willingness to give yourselves generously or tight, short, grownup dresses, or bold and eccentric to the cause of Zion's youth. hairdos.

I salute you—the trainers of minds—the stabilizers Maybe the girl who uses these means to attract is

of emotions—the guardians of morals—the builders of insecure: perhaps she feels she has no personal charm

character—the saviors of youth. to attract and must resort to these superficial things

There are many subjects we could consider today. to get attention. She should be encouraged to use

As requested by the MIA executives, I shall conother means at her command like her kindness, centrate on the social behavior of the youth through thoughtfulness, her grades and her brilliance, her the teen years. personality and her inner charm. Certainly, she cannot

I am convinced that hope to attract quality the dress of our young young men with these people is one factor extreme styles. Boys

leading to numerous might develop interest other problems and conin her in spite of her tributes to early dating eccentricities but not

760 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA....,:,.. ".

4k

"X

.;:,-.'.'

likely because of them. Boys seldom criticize a girl for personable, dignified and attractive by finding an

using too little makeup. Sometimes they say, "She's area somewhere less than the extremes and still in

a nice girl, but I wish she'd dress up, and she uses good style.

too much makeup."To be overdressed, to be gaudily Employers and other people generally would look

dressed, to be dressed to look sexy, to be overdecoaskance and with some degree of caution at the boy rated is bad taste, to say the least. The young woman or girl who insists on forcing the styles into eccentric

is smart who can don just enough powder and lippatterns. A lownecked dress, an extreme swimsuit,

stick to convince the fellows it isn't makeup at all, especially out of water, a very short skirt, slacks out but the "real you."in public, pedal pushers and shorts at the store may

Perhaps there is no transgression in painted eyelids not be sin, but they tell a story of poor grooming and or dangling earrings or fancy hairdos, but surely all distorted attitudes and lack of personal pride.

these eccentricities and extremes betray character. There may be nothing wrong with an extreme

Her life is open like a book, and people read it. crew cut or a beard or for one to cover his forehead

There may be no harm in the style itself, but it may "Beatle"style and let the hair grow long all around, indicate some weakness, some insecurity, some unbut he is opening his book for the world to read, sureness. and employers and other thoughtful people may

Young men should keep their faces shaved, their bypass the eccentric and the extremist in his distorhair combed, their haircuts reasonably conservative, tion and abnormalities to find those who are stylish their nails cleaned. Overtight, suggestive pants brand in moderation and who are dignified, for here is an

young men as vulgar. Young people can be smart and indication of depth and width and strength and

SEPTEMBER 196S 761 dignity and growing power. is neither foliage nor fruit, then when I look up

Our young people should know also that it is hard through the leafless branches and see, as I can see for them to hide their upbringing, their inner in no other season, the shining stars of heaven, I thoughts, their weaknesses. There is nothing criminal think, how beautiful is the Winter of life!"

about grammatical errors or careless speech or even MIA workers, you are greatly privileged to receive slang. But such do reveal the character of the user these young sons and daughters of God in their

and reflect upon his home life. It may be an unformative years, in the springtime of their lives. Your

warranted and weak demand for attention which one responsibility has high tonnage. You must not fail.

feels powerless to stir otherwise. The chewing of gum Life is like a flower—a little swelling, and then

in public certainly gives no suggestion of culture or the maturing bud, rich in color, perfect in symmetry, refinement and certainly will not build confidence lovely to behold, and finally the rich fullblown in or esteem for the one who indulges. Inappropriate flower.

clothes, extreme makeup, fantastic hairdos, gum How joyous it is to work with the youth!

chewing, slang, ugly speech, bad table manners, and Your opportunity is one of planting seeds and then other such irregularities brand the individual at once cultivating. No amount of hoeing, cultivating, and

as weak, uncouth, cheap or careless, and thoughtless, praying can bring a harvest if there has been no and his family is judged by his weaknesses. Such planting.

expressions open wide the book of one's life for both If buds are plucked too young, they never flower friend and foe to read. It is doubtful if one ever nor reach their mature blossoming.

gains advantage through such lapses either in employThere is a time for all things. In Ecclesiastes we

ment, in business, in social life, or otherwise. read:

We, the Latterday Saints, should be most person- "To everything there is a season, and a time to able. We should be every purpose under the

dignified. We should be heaven:

pleasing and attractive. "A time to be born,

We should lead the and a time to die; a

world in all noble purtime to plant, and a suits, in all worthwhile time to pluck up that accomplishments, in all which is planted;...

service, in personable- "A time to weep, and ness. If parents, church leaders, and community folks a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to

unite in developing patterns of behavior, we can lead dance;...

the world, for we are taught "light and truth."And "... a time to embrace, and a time to refrain from

we can change community patterns. embracing;...

The period of the teens stands out as a challenging "... a time to keep silence, and a time to speak;"

period of life. It is a time of growth, development, (Eccles. 3:1-7.)

transformation. It is a time when youth may find Infancy is the time to be nursed and nourished.

themselves. It is a time of dreams and their fulfilment. Childhood is the time for training, freedom, and fun

The little booklet Highways of Happiness gives along with the learning process. Early teenage is a

this: time for growth, a time for developing, a time for

"A wise old man, who had lived buoyantly through learning, a time for selfdiscipline and training.

fourscore years, was asked, 'Which is the happiest I saw a Gold and Green Ball for juniors in one season of life?'He replied, thoughtfully, 'When spring stake. The twelveand thirteenyear-olds were dressed

comes, and in the soft air the buds are breaking on like society models. The girls had corsages, latethe trees, and they are covered with blossoms, I style party dresses, permanents, and all the social

think, how beautiful is Spring! And when the sumequipment. Thirteen little boys had brought, in the

mer comes, and covers the trees and bushes with finest style, thirteen little girls. These dates were

heavy foliage, and singing birds mingle with the thought to be socially quite proper in every respect.

branches, I think, how beautiful is Summer! When But what a travesty! Little girls who should have

autumn loads them with golden fruit, and their leaves been snuggled in bed with their dolls were here with bear the gorgeous tint of frost, I think, how beautiful boys who should have their overall pockets crammed is Autumn! And when it is sore winter, and there full of toads and strings and knives and things.

762 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "I love the youth, I have confidence in them, I believe in them,... they can soar to great heights

of accomplishment/'

In high school days it is natural and normal for the early steady dating is like forcing a rose from a bud young man's fancy to turn to young women, and young or eating fruit before it is ripe. The mother who thinks

girls to turn their eyes toward handsome young men. it "cute"to permit her little girl makeup, high heels,

But the need of the hour is for control. One's wants fancy hairdos is asking for trouble. Those parents who

and urges and passions need the controls of bridle permit or encourage early social activities are unand harness. There are yet many years ahead for wittingly begging for sorrows and heartbrakes.

serious courtship and marriage. Mothers often fear spinsterhood for their teenage

Early dating—especially early steady dating—brings daughters who are not immediately overpopular. Their

numerous problems—much heartache and numerous every push is likely to bring them sorrow sand tears.

disasters. The early date ofttimes develops into the Only this week a boy and girl who had fallen deeply

steady date; the steady date frequently brings on into sin and narrowly missed major disaster admitted

early marriages, of which there are hundreds of two and onehalf years of steady dating begun when thousands with sixteenand seventeenyear-old they were fourteen.

brides; early marriages often end in disillusionment, One woman asks the question: "How can a little

frustration, and divorce with broken homes and scarred girl return to her sandbox after she has had part lives. Far more high school marriages end in divorces in the glistening spectacle of the batontwirling group

than marriages of more mature young people. in the parade and at the ball game where she was

Dating and especially steady dating in the early cutely costumed by her thoughtless mother in sleeveteens is most hazardous. It distorts the whole picture less, lowcut tops and chorusgirls'shorts glittering

of life. It deprives the youth of worthwhile and rich with sequins?"The loud applause of the spectators

experiences; it limits friendships; it reduces the acpushed this sweet little girl into young womanhood

quaintance which can be so valuable in selecting a against her will. Will she return to her dolls? Some

partner for time and eternity. mothers with a selfish pride crowd their little ones

Steady dating is the source of much evil. The onto stage, screen, and before banquet groups. Why?

casual relationship grows rapidly into intimacies, To please the child? All these superficialities seem

develops heavy temptato contribute toward tions, and stirs passions the sadness and sorrows far beyond the ability of broken lives.

of most young people Two young people sat to cope with. Nearly in my home. They

forty percent of our had committed the terunwed mothers are berible sexual impropriety tween fifteen and ninecalled fornication. "How

teen years of age. Even our finest young people will is the Church failing?"I asked.

find difficulty in withstanding for a long period the "It is not failing,"they said. "It is the young people

temptations of the intimate, frequent association. And who fail to take note and govern their lives accordthe best young men and women may be overwhelmed ingly."

and led down the path of the sins of necking, petting, "What should I teach and preach to protect the fornication, and other detestable and loathsome peryouth of Zion?"I asked.

versions and practices. "We"date too early,"they responded. "We dance

To speed up the physical process of maturity by all evening with one (Continued on page 800)

See also article on LDS Standards for Youth in this month's Era of Youth.

SEPTEMBER 1965 763 On September 8, 1873, at Huntsville, Weber visited the Saints in Huntsville and vicinity, and while

County, Utah, almost a century ago—ninetytwo years giving instructions, he declared, according to a McKay

to be exact—a son was born to Jennette Evans McKay, journal, "This is an ideal place to rear Latterday

the third child in a family of ten. Honoring this boy's Saints!"

father and paternal mother, his parents named him Accepting wholeheartedly the President's counsel

David Oman McKay—a name now known far and as the word of the Lord to them, David and his wife

near, wherever the restored gospel of Jesus Christ has brought forth a large family—four sons and six daughtouched the hearts of men. ters, eight of whom they raised to maturity—exemplary

In 1856, when David O. McKay's father was twelve Latterday Saints,

years of age, he and his brother and three sisters set The church records show that David McKay, father sail with their parents, William and Hellen (or Ellen) of David O. McKay, served twentytwo years as a

Oman McKay, from their home town, Caithness, Scotbishop—two years at Eden and twenty at Huntsville.

land, in a company of 764 Saints for their Zion in the He then became a high councilman until he was

Rocky Mountains, six thousand miles westward. Durordained patriarch of Weber Stake.

ing their fortyone days upon the Atlantic Ocean in a The children and grandchildren to the third and sailing vessel, they were often tossed about mercilessly fourth generation of David McKay prove from their by frequent storms and high seas. After landing at works that they wholeheartedly accept the words of

Castle Garden, New York, they made their way westthe Savior, "... blessed are they who shall seek to

ward thirteen hundred miles to Iowa City, Iowa—one bring forth my Zion at that day, for they shall have

of the assembling places for the Rockies. the gift and power of the Holy Ghost... and whoso

Finally, on June 13, 1859, at Florence, Nebraska, shall publish peace, yea, tidings of great joy, how although poorly equipped for a testing thousand beautiful upon the mountain shall they be."(1 Nephi

miles journey, the McKay's set out under Captain 13:37. Italics added.)

James S. Brown in a large company of 553 pioneers—Believing that his mother was truly "beautiful upon

men, women, and children. The fiftynine outfits were the mountain,"President McKay in an editorial wrote,

soon strung out for a mile or more along the trail. "I cannot think of a womanly virtue that my mother

On the evening of August 29, 1859, William McKay did not possess.... She was beautiful and dignified."

and his family pulled into the Great Salt Lake Valley. And "to make home the most pleasant place in the

Staying here only briefly, they journeyed forty miles world for her husband and children was her constant northward and built a pioneer home in Ogden, Utah, aim, which she achieved naturally and supremely."

In the summer of 1867, six years before the birth of (The Improvement Era, May 1958, p. 303.)

David O. McKay and two years prior to the coming When David, the first son of this "wonderful

of the railroad into the Rocky Mountains, David mother,"reached the age of twelve years, the Patriarch

McKay, now twentyfive years of age, took Jennette to the Church laid his hands upon his head, declaring

Evans McKay, his sixteenyear-old "darkbrown-eyed prophetically:

Welsh bride,"eastward twelve miles up the scenic "The eye of the Lord is upon you....

Ogden River Canyon, and they made their home in "At an early date you must be prepared for a reHuntsville. Here in a log cabin that stood immediately sponsible position....

west of the present McKay home, David and Jennette "You shall see much of the world."

began a life of sincere and happy companionship. Six You shall "assist in gathering scattered Israel."

years later in a new home, now included in the en- "It shall be your lot to sit in council with your larged McKay dwelling, Jennette gave birth to her brethren."

third child, a son, David O. McKay. You shall "preside among the people."

Back in the rendezvous days of Peter Skeen Ogden, Twelve years from this blessing, this young man was

Jim Bridger, William Ashley, and scores of other presiding over the Glasgow conference in Scotlandtrappers, traders, and explorers of the Rockies—the same district over which his father presided some

thirty or forty years before Captain Jefferson Hunt twenty years previously.

of the Mormon Battalion founded Huntsville—this While upon his mission Elder McKay received

picturesque mountain valley, famed for its crystal enough sacred experiences to prove to him that "the streams and luxuriant feed grounds, was known eye of the Lord"was truly upon him. Years later in

throughout the West as "Ogden Hole."general conference, President McKay told about a

Since the days of Captain Hunt, three thriving remarkable conference with the elders in Scotland, villages—Huntsville, Eden, and Liberty—have sprung presided over by James L. McMurrin of the First

up in this large valley. Council of the Seventy.

In the early "seventies,"President Brigham Young "I remember as if it were yesterday,"he testified,

764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Our Presidents Ninety Second Birthday

BY CARTER E.

GRANT EDITORIAL ASSOCIATE

SEPTEMBER 1965

"the intensity of the inspiration of that occasion. you might look into my heart and see there for yourEverybody felt the rich outpouring of the Spirit of the selves just what those feelings are.... No one can

Lord. All present were truly of one heart and one preside over this Church without first being in tune

mind. Never before had I experienced such an emowith the head of the Church.... Without his divine

tion. It was a manifestation for which as, a doubting guidance and constant inspiration we cannot succeed.

youth, I had secretly prayed most earnestly on hillside With his guidance, with his inspiration, we cannot and in meadow. It was an assurance to me that sinfail.... I pledge to you that I shall do my best so to

cere prayer is answered 'sometime, somewhere.'live as to merit the companionship of the Holy Spirit."

The Holy Ghost, he testified, was poured out upon (Gospel Ideals, pp. 261263.)

the elders until "tears were flowing down their cheeks Referring to these divine men who keep themselves... not in sorrow or grief, but as an expression of the "in tune with the head of the Church,"Joseph Smith

overflowing Spirit...."One elder while bearing testideclared: "Every man who has a calling to administer

mony declared, "Brethren, there are angels in this to the inhabitants of the world was ordained to that room!"very purpose in the Grand Council of heaven before

To this, President McMurrin arose, testifying, "Yes, the world was. I suppose that I was ordained to this

brethren, there are angels in this room!"Then turning very office."( To be President of The Church of Jesus

to Elder McKay, he spoke prophetically, "Let me say to Christ of Latterday Saints. DHC 6, 364.

you, Brother David, Satan hath desired you that he Father Abraham records in his Book of Rememmight sift you as wheat, but God is mindful of you.... brance that he was carried away in vision and stood

If you will keep the faith, you will yet sit in the among God's spirit children awaiting the time when leading councils of the Church."they would come to this earth and receive mortal

After President McKay had revealed this testimony bodies. He observed that "among these there were

concerning his own future life, he declared humbly, many of the noble... ones,"of whom; God declared,

"With the resolve then and there to keep the faith, "These I will make my rulers."He then addressed

there was born a desire to be of service to my fellow Abraham saying, "... thou art one of them; thou

men, and with it a realization, a glimpse at least, of wast chosen before thou wast born."(Abr. 3:2223.)

what I owed to the elder who first carried the mesTo the righteous of this earth, the Lord declared sage of the restored gospel to my grandfather and to Joseph Smith that blessed are those "... who

grandmother who had accepted the message years overcome by faith, and are sealed by the Holy Spirit before in the north of Scotland and in South Wales."of promise, which the Father sheds forth upon all

(Cherished Experiences, p. 1314.) those who are just and true.

"You shall see much of the world,"the voice of the "They are they who are of the church of the FirstLord had declared through his Patriarch. It is very born."

likely that no other member of the Authorities of this And when these righteous servants of God return

Church has seen more of this world and its people for their reward, the promise is that they shall "dwell than President McKay. in the presence of God and his Christ forever and

Again, "You shall sit in the leading councils of the ever."(D&C 76:5362.)

Church,"and you shall "preside among the brethren."For over sixtyfour years, Emma Ray Riggs McKay

On April 9, 1906, at thirtytwo years of age, David has stood devotedly by the side of her honored com-

O. McKay was ordained an Apostle in Christ's restored panion. And even prior to his departing for his

Church. Other appointments followed. He became mission August 7, 1897, and also while he was a

Second Counselor to President Heber J. Grant, October member of the University of Utah football team as

6, 1934; Second Counselor to President George Albert well as valedictorian of his graduation class, Emma

Smith, May 24, 1945; he was set apart, October 5, Ray was proud to have him as her friend. While

1950, as the President of the Quorum of the Twelve Elder McKay was in Scotland, she was graduated

Apostles; and on April 9, 1951, he was sustained as from the university with special attainments in music—

the President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latteran accomplishment of inestimable value to her ward, day Saints. He has now been one of the General stake, and growing family.

Authorities of the Church for more than fiftynine With the coming of the eighth day of September, years. bringing with it the ninetysecond birthday of our

"My beloved fellow workers, brethren, and sisters,"prophet, seer, and revelator, the faithful members of began David O. McKay after being sustained President The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

of the Church, "I wish it were within my power of exthroughout the world loyally express to their ninth pression to let you know just what my true feelings President and to his lovely wife—the mother of their

are on this momentous occasion. I would wish that seven children—their sincere esteem and devotion.

766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA <> w

The last time I saw David O. McKay, I took away

with me one overwhelming impression. I suppose this

spiritual leader of twoand-a-half million people might A Man have affected me in many ways. Wise, saintly, humble,

witty—these are words often used about the Presiwith a dent of the Mormon Church. But I carried away with

me above all a warm affection for a man who has a tremendous zest for life. Secret This quality is a great one in any man, but I was

BY NORMAN VINCENT PEALE particularly moved because, at the time, President

McKay was ninetyone years old. His delight in

things bubbled over in his laughter, his optimism, his

Reprinted from Guidepost magazine, March 1965. Used by permission.

SEPTEMBER 1965 767 McKay's speeches, books written about him, letters from people who knew him—and a picture of the man

was forming before me.

David O. McKay was born in Huntsville, Utah, on

September 8, 1873, the eldest son of ten children of pioneer parents. His life followed the traditional

Mormon pattern: hard work, a home built around

religious faith, a period of missionary work abroad, then the beginning of a teaching career which led him to the very top position in his Church.

It was the little glimpses, though, more than the broad outlines, which revealed the quality of the man.

On one occasion President McKay was walking into an auditorium to conduct a service when an eagerfaced girl of eight or nine pressed through the crowd and asked for his autograph. He started to

oblige, but there was an interruption, and when he turned to find her she was gone.

Now, it might have seemed a small matter, but not to President McKay. Shunting aside questions about

his talk, he said to those around him, "I've got to find

President and Sister McKay that little girl."Nor would he turn to matters of

business until she was found and he had signed her warm and ready smile, and especially in the prayer program.

with which our visit ended. As I stood up to leave his Examples of this kind of caring for other people are

office in Salt Lake City, he slipped his arm through especially frequent among his own family. His son

mine and, in fatherly tones, voiced what I can only Llewelyn, today a professor at the University of Utah, call a hymn of thanks—for human friendship, for admits that if any of the seven McKay children were

the saving love of Christ, for the privilege of being on the rebellious side, he was the one. Llewelyn rehis disciples. members the time as a teenager when he came home

Later when my wife Ruth and I were talking about from the store one day bringing the wrench he had our visit with the Mormon leader, I said, "You know, been sent to purchase, plus a wide grin.

I think he is one of the happiest men I've ever met.""The store clerk was so dumb he gave me five

Ruth was intrigued. "A man of his age and responsidollars extra in change,"Llewelyn told his father

bilities must have some kind of secret behind his elatedly.

vitality."David O. McKay studied his son for a moment.

His secret! What a wonderful thing it would be if "They won't miss it, Dad,"Llewelyn continued more

there were such a secret, and all of us could discover defensively. "That store makes all kinds of money."

and use it to make our lives the joyous walk with God "You are probably right; the store may not miss

that his has been. I thought over what I knew of the that five dollars,"his father said. "But if the clerk

man for a clue to this quality. I remember his secretary, has to make it up from the salary on which he's supMiss Clare Middlemiss, saying that in the twentynine porting a family, he will miss the five dollars, won't

years she'd worked at his elbow, she had never heard he, Son?"

a cross word. The boy nodded reluctantly.

And I recalled a heartstopping moment a few "But let us suppose that the clerk is not held remonths before when, as President McKay mounted the sponsible,"he continued. "Let us suppose that no one

platform to address a group, he tripped on the stairs. knows that you have the five dollars. You know. And

There was a gasp from the people. But he stood up you know it does not belong to you."There was a

and faced the audience with that irrepressible smile. long pause. "It's up to you, Son, to decide what is

"It's awful to grow old,"he said ruefully, "but I the right thing to do."

prefer it to the alternative."Llewelyn returned the five dollars the next day. His

When I returned to New York, I called several of "father could have made it a cutand-dried matter of my Mormon friends and told them I was interested in law, but instead he chose to respect the young personlearning more about their leader. In a matter of days ality before him, to give him principle to go on but

my desk was piled high with copies of President not a command, to make the decision his.

768 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Indeed, thinking over what I had read and observed There is a destiny which makes us brothers;

of this man, it seemed to me that this consideration None lives to self alone;

for other people shone through everything he did, All that ice send into the lives of others whether he was dealing with his son or a small girl Comes back into our own.

he'd never seen. I wondered if perhaps that was a All that we send! If what went out from David O.

clue to the joy he so evidently found in life. McKay into other lives was concern and respect and

Llewelyn wrote that nowhere is the esteem in which love, what wonder that joy and peace and affection his father holds other people more evident than in come back! It reminded me of an episode which

his treatment of Mrs. McKay. After sixtyfour years became something of a cause celebre in Salt Lake

of marriage, President McKay still rises when she City two or three years ago. Each year on July 24, the

enters the room, and recently in a pouring rain he city stages a great parade in memory of the coming of was seen holding the car door open for her, his shock the first pioneers to the Salt Lake Valley on that day of white hair blowing in the storm. in 1847. This particular year, though, something hapSuch concern extends to the very animals of the pened which set tongues wagging: for the first time

household. One night while he was away on a trip, the girls in bathing suits appeared on several floats. A

family was wakened in the middle of the night by a group of starchier church people called on the Presitelegram. Frightened, they tore open the envelope. dent to protest.

The message read, "Water Caesar."Caesar was their But the saintly gentleman closed the discussion with

boar pig, and in his hotel room hundreds of miles a comment which sums up perfectly the principle away, President McKay's training as a farm boy kept I am referring to. "I didn't see anything in that

him from sleeping for fear the animal had been parade,"he said, "which was not beautiful."

neglected. Isn't this what all of us see in the world around us:

And then one day, in a speech by the beloved not what it is, but what we are? Looking for the good,

churchman, I found the answer to my question: four the worthwhile, the beautiful in others, David O.

lines of a poem by Edwin Markham that President McKay finds it there. This is what makes life so good

McKay long ago committed to memory as a guide for for him at ninetyone—and the secret will work at

everyday living. any age.

BOY ALONE

BY CHRISTIE LUND COLES

Sitting alone beside the autumn stream,

Summer dreams quiet in your lupine eyes.

What are your thoughts born of loneliness,

That casts its shadow where lost summer lies?

Is your hunger one for laughter and for sound?

For April's brief, bright frivolity?

Is your sadness part of this gray afternoon,

Proclaiming the seasons stark finality?

Do not be sad, absorb the moment's peace,

The beauty of the day, the quietness,

For in the years to come you must find friend,

And gentle solace in your loneliness.

You must find a buffer for man's noisiness,

And for each day's dark vicissitude.

Small boy, sitting beside the humming stream,

Think upon silence as both kind and good. W

SEPTEMBER 1965 769 Over a tenyear period the author made extensive studies of cheating in college and discovered the shocking fact that a large proportion of 6,000 students studied say they do not judge cheating to be sinful or immoral. Their attitude, he declares, is the result

of "a social system in which right and wrong have not been clearly defined and in which loyalties are divided/'Here is an analysis of and a suggested solution to this knotty problem.

BY WILFORD E. SMITH, PH.D.

PROFESSOR OF SOCIOLOGY, BYU

Perhaps in the wake of the exposure of cheating in Students asked why cheating should be so widely some educational institutions, it would be wise for all accepted in the world and so condemned in the uniof us to reevaluate our own personal ideas on morality versities. They denounced cheating, however, and

and honor and the help or hindrance we provide for pleaded for a system of rewards which would provide our youth as they strive for selfrespect and achieveincentives for goodness and knowledge rather than ment. Our youth on the whole are very idealistic. If simply for grades. They claimed they wanted to be

some of them are floundering, it isn't because anyhonorable but couldn't afford what they regarded as thing was wrong with them at birth. Their problems, a luxury in the "dogeat-dog"setting of a large uniin the words of Earl Kelley, are "... the product of versity where their academic records were so imthe life they have led in an adultmanaged world."1 portant in determining which doors of opportunity

2 We put so much emphasis on "success"that stuwould be open to them in the future.

dents who don't win are sometimes crushed by their Deciding what is wrong and what is right in our failure. Many students think they must cheat to sucheterogeneous society is not easy. To illustrate, Presiceed, to avoid such destruction. They feel that our dent Ernest L. Wilkinson made the following chalculture cares more about failure than about cheating. lenging statement to the BYU student body on

Wanting to be accepted, our youth will sometimes February 9, 1965:

choose what seems to them to be the lesser of two "... I would like to suggest to you that one of the

evils, cheating rather than failure. first duties of citizenship is to inform officials of the

In an extensive study of attitudes toward cheating improper and unlawful conduct of others; that except

of thousands of students at Brooklyn College, C. I. for such action we would not be protected in the

Glicksberg concluded that strong competitive prespreservation of our property, our liberty, or even our sures for good grades encouraged students to cheat. lives. If you see someone committing a robbery, do

770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA you think you are a good citizen if you do not report matter but refused to divulge the names of the upperthe robber to the police? If you should see an acciclassmen involved. My father and mother had taught

dent, do you think you would be doing your duty if me those two immutable principles—never to lie,

you did not report the hitand-run driver? If you saw never to tattle."3

someone assaulting a woman, do you think you would Though under severe strain, in jeopardy of being be honorable if you did not report it? expelled from West Point and thus losing his most

"... if, in private and public life, we did not report cherished ambition, he nevertheless refused to tell.

the wrongdoings of others, there would be a complete In his words:

breakdown in law enforcement. I submit to you that "It would be so easy and expedient to yield, to tell;

it is equally wrong for you to sit by in a class and and who would blame me? It was my first great

permit someone else to cheat in an examination, for temptation—the ageold problem of the human raceto do so is to become a partner with him in the me clamor of the crowd on one side and of personal

weakening of his character, in his alienation from the conscience on the other."

Spirit of our Father in heaven, and in the arresting To sustain him, his mother sent the following:

of his eternal progress....

"I have heard it argued that obedience to the letter Do you know that your soul is soul part a such of myand spirit of the honor code should be a matter of to fiber That seem be you individual conscience. Presumably, if an individual and core of my heart?

does not agree with a rule or with the system, no None other can pain me one ought to force it on him. as you, son, can do;

"But any system that leaves it to every individual None other can please me to decide whether a code of conduct is to be observed or praise me as you.

or violated is no system at all, but anarchy. It is like Remember the world will

having a criminal code in which the murderer decides be quick with its blame whether he has committed an offense. An honor If shadow or shame ever

darken your name.

like son,system differs from any other regulatory mechanism Like Mother, only in the code of enforcement. It is enforced by is a saying so true

the subjects themselves rather than by external The world will judge largely authority."of mother by you.

On the other hand, a seemingly different argument Be this then your task, was made by General Douglas MacArthur, another if task it shall be great American. At West Point, General MacArthur To force this proud world

was principal witness in a hazing case in which he was, to do homage to me.

in his words, "the socalled victim."The great imBe sure it will say,

its verdict you've when won, as she reapedportance of the incident is indicated by the fact that She sowed:

the President of the United States had ordered an "Lo, this is her son!"4

investigation of it. General MacArthur wrote:—Margaret Johnston Grafflin

"... I explained fully all circumstances of the (Continued on page 794)

SEPTEMBER 1965 771

-, \ > '.',->I

The flannelboard is one of the most popular, versaence, April 1957. (For additional information on

tile, and effective types of visual materials. It offers Elder Bennion's talk, "What Is Distinctive about

a creative challenge in teaching, and parents can use Mormonism?"refer to The Improvement Era, June

it to help a lesson be very impressive in the minds of 1957, p. 433, or to the pamphlet by the same name

children of all ages. As a "spoonful of sugar to help published by the Deseret Book Company.

the medicine go down,"it's great! Following are two We have found that a flannelboard lesson built

sample flannelboard lessons. around some of the distinctive features of the Church

has helped our children understand and appreciate

The Distinctive Features of The Church the place The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints Saints holds in the world. Such a lesson has been

a testimonybuilding one in our family. It can be

Each time we as a family drive along South Temple in your family, too.

Street in Salt Lake City with its impressivelooking The explanation which accompanies each distinctive churches and cathedrals, our children invariably ask feature of the Church can range from a simple statequestions such as these: "What does that church ment for the very youngest children to a detailed

teach?""Why is our Church the only true Church?"discussion for older children. The pictures to illustrate

"Why is our Church different?""What makes our each feature are easily found in church publications;

Church so special?"and a strip of flannel, suede paper, or sandpaper

In attempting to answer these questions, my adhered to their back prepares them for the flannelthoughts have gone back to the time I served as board. The list of distinctive features can be varied

secretary to Elder Adam S. Bennion of the Council in length, depending on the age of the children who

of the Twelve. I remember well the choice experiare being taught. Wise parents will add to this list

ence which was mine as I observed him develop one over the years and will repeat the lesson many times of his great speeches: "What Is Distinctive about so that their children can know for themselves why

Mormonism?"I watched that talk grow from six our Church is so special, why it is the restored Church

or eight distinctive features to the twentythree of Jesus Christ.

features Elder Bennion presented in general conferFollowing are a few of the basic distinctive features

772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the Church to help this lesson. ( Other features, The Pearl of Great Price discloses

such as the welfare plan, our great pioneer story, our marvelous truths concerning the program for the youth, the Home Teaching program plan of our Father in heaven and may be added as you see fit. helps us more fully understand

the gospel. (The origin of the

Explanation Illustration Pearl of Great Price isn't too well 1. A Wonderful Concept of Deity boy Joseph known among the young children

We know who God is and Smith in the of the Church and would make understand our relationship to Sacred Grove a fascinating story at this point.)

him. The Doctrine and Covenants tells

"And this is life eternal, that us the will of the Lord concerning they might know thee the only our latterday times and gives true God, and Jesus Christ, whom information for the building up thou hast sent."(John 17:3) of the kingdom of God in this

2. The Priesthood John the dispensation.

The priesthood is the authority to Baptist 5. Temples and Temple Ordinances picture of

act in the name of God. Because conferring the Through temple work we have temple

of the restoration of the gospel, Aaronic answers to the three great questhe keys of the priesthood have Priesthood tions: (1) Where did we come

been returned to the earth, and the from? (2) Why are we here?

righteous boys and men of the (3) Where are we going? When

Church may hold the priesthood. we go through the temple, we may

3. A Wonderful Organization picture of be married for time and eternity,

"We believe in the same President and and we receive endowments which organization that existed in the Council of the prepare us for eternal life. Also,

Primitive Church, viz., apostles, Twelve through temple ordinances we

prophets, pastors, teachers, are able to do work for the dead, evangelists, etc."(Sixth article so that people who have passed

of faith*.)

We also believe that every member on without hearing of the gospel of the Church, not just a few may have a chance to accept especially trained individuals, may baptism and endowment work.

serve and work in the Church 6. Tithing appropriate

so that each person may benefit Tithing is the Lord's way of picture from the growth, development, financing his kingdom on earth.

and blessings of service. We are to return onetenth of our

4. Continuing Revelation picture of increase to the Lord.

"We believe all that God has standard 7. The Word of Wisdom appropriate

all thatrevealed, does now He works Through revelation we have been picture will that believereveal, and we He yet reveal many great and given a divine health law to help important things pertaining to us enjoy physical health and the Kingdom of God."(Ninth spiritual growth.

article of faith.)

The Book of Mormon is the second 8. The Missionary System young elder

witness for Christ and gives us Many thousands of LDS men and leaving on information so that we may better women go out into the world at plane or understand the Bible. The Book their own expense for two to tracting or

of Mormon also tells us of the twoand-a-half years to share their cottage origin of the American Indians. testimonies and teach the gospel. meeting scene

SEPTEMBER 1965 773.

HowArt Thou Fallen BY ALMA P. BURTON

ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR OF SEMINARIES AND

INSTITUTES OF RELIGION

the spring of 1820 the Prophet Joseph Smith, "had such an astonishing influence over me as to

I a of age, so that then years only fourteen bind tongue could speak."not young he boy my AndIx into testified this further the old bethat has since went not thing woodlot imaginary which an was

come known as the Sacred Grove to pray to the but that it was the "power of some actual being from

Lord. His decision to pray had come as a result of the unseen world."

reading the epistle of James wherein it states, "If any Who was this being who had such great power over of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God,..."(James Joseph Smith's intellectual and physical capacities?

1:5.) As the young boy entered into the woodlot, he How did this person about whom the Prophet spoke

came to the place which, according to his statement, come to be? What is his work, and how does he

he had previously designed to go. Having made cerfunction in the earth?

tain that he was alone, he knelt and began to pray to Abraham records that the Lord permitted him to his Heavenly Father. It was then that the following see the spirit children of our Heavenly Father as they

took place: were assembled in the council in heaven before the

"... I had scarcely done so, when immediately I foundation of this earth. God said in that gathering

was seized upon by some power which entirely overthat those spirits "... who keep their first estate

came me, and had such an astonishing influence over shall be added upon; and they who keep not their

me as to bind my tongue so that I could not speak. first estate shall not have glory in the same kingdom

Thick darkness gathered around me, and it seemed with those who keep their first estate;..."Abraham

to me for a time as if I were doomed to sudden was further informed that those "who keep their destruction. second estate shall have glory added upon their heads

"But, exerting all my powers to call upon God to for ever and ever."(Abraham 3:26.)

deliver the of of this which power enemy had me out

I at the very me, and seized upon moment was Therethat grandwere council,many greatand Luciferones assembledwas amongin when ready to sink into despair and abandon myself to them. They were being instructed condestruction—not to an imaginary ruin, but to the cerning the destiny of the spirit children

power of some actual being from the unseen world, of God. The Lord said, "We will go down, for

who had such marvelous power as I had never before there is space there, and we will take of these matefelt in any being—just at this moment of great alarm, rials, and we will make an earth whereon these may

I saw a pillar of light exactly over my head, above dwell;"(Ibid., 3:24.)

the brightness of the sun, which descended gradually The purpose of providing an earth and the prinuntil it fell upon me. ciple of eternal progression were taught to us all. As

"It no sooner appeared than I found myself dethis plan was unfolded, our Father then proposed livered from the enemy which held me bound."that someone would need to be chosen to act as a

(Joseph Smith 2:1517.) Savior for his children.

Herephysicalis howprowess,a youngfelt man,whenknownhe witnessedfor his answered"And thelikeLorduntosaid:the WhomSon of shallMan: I Heresend?amAndI, sendone

the power of the devil: "I was ready to me. And another answered and said: Here am I,

sink into despair and abandon myself to send me. And the Lord said: I will send the first.

destruction."He remarked that he had never before "And the second was angry, and kept not his first

felt such "marvelous power"in any being as that estate; and, at that day, many followed after him."

which he felt when Satan attempted to keep him (Ibid., 3:2728.)

from witnessing the great manifestation from heaven. In the account given to Moses, more specific reaNot only did he feel the presence of the evil one sons were given as to why the one plan was accepted

upon his physical self, but he said that the power and the other rejected.

774 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

teaching CONDUCTED BY THE CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM..0 Lucifer?

"And, I, the Lord God, spake unto Moses, saying: into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars

That Satan, whom thou hast commanded in the name of God: I will sit also upon the mount of the conof mine Only Begotten, is the same which was from gregation, in the sides of the north:

the beginning, and he came before me, saying- "I will ascend above the heights of the clouds; I

Behold, here am I, send me, I will be thy son, and will be like the most High."(Isa. 14:1214.)

I will redeem all mankind, that one soul shall not Similarly, the Prophet Joseph Smith and Sidney be lost, and surely I will do it; wherefore give me Rigdon recorded the following from what has come

thine honor. to be known as the Vision of Glories:

"But, behold, my Beloved Son, which was my Bethis we saw also, and bear record, that loved and Chosen from the beginning, said unto an angel of God who was in authority in And me—Father, thy will be done, and the glory be the presence of God, who rebelled against

thine forever. - the Only Begotten Son whom the Father

in the bosom of the Father, was Wherefore, because that Satan rebelled loved and who was against me, and sought to destroy the thrust down from the presence of God and the agency of man, which I, the Lord Go,d, Son, had given him, and also, that I should "And was called Perdition, for the heavens wept give unto him mine own power; by the power of mine over him—he was Lucifer, a son of the morning.

Only Begotten, I caused that he should be cast down; "And we beheld, and lo, he is fallen! is fallen, even

"And he became Satan, yea, even the devil, the a son of the morning!"(D&C 76:2527.)

father of all lies, to deceive and to blind men, and to The proposal which was offered by the devil and lead them captive at his will, even as many as would the willingness of the Savior to do the will of our not hearken unto my voice."(Moses 4:1-4.) Heavenly Father were made known to all of the spirit

There were three reasons for the rejection of the children of God. Each spirit person had the responsiplan of Satan, a son of the morning. First, he rebelled bility of making a choice as to whom he would

against God. Second, he attempted to destroy the follow. The spirits made their decision and took sides

agency of man, a gift from God. Third, he sought to and actually contended with each other. John the

obtain the power of God by asking for it rather than Beloved recorded:

by achieving it through his own selfdevelopment. "And there was war in heaven: Michael and his

Hence, he was cast down. angels fought against the dragon; and the dragon

The fall of Lucifer from heaven and the condition fought and his angels, of those who followed him was a matter of grave "And prevailed not; neither was their place found

concern to all God's children. This fact is verified in any more in heaven.

both the writings of Isaiah and in a revelation to "And the great dragon was cast out, that old serJoseph Smith and Sidney Rigdon. It is evident from pent, called the Devil, and Satan which deceiveth

Isaiah's account, as from that of Moses, that the the whole world: he was cast out into the earth, and

reason for his fall was that he rebelled against God his angels were cast out with him."(Rev. 12:7-9.)

and sought to exalt himself. As Lucifer fell from heaven he drew many after

That the fall of Lucifer from heaven was a matter him. John also recorded:

of serious consequence is proclaimed in the writings "And his tail drew the third part of the stars of of that great Prophet Isaiah. He wrote: heaven, and did cast them to the earth:..."(Ibid.,

"How art thou fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, son 12:4.)

of the morning! how art thou cut down to the ground, Satan and those who followed him were spirit chilwhich didst weaken the nations! dren of our Heavenly Father, the same as we were

"For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend before we were privileged (Continued on page 808)

SEPTEMBER 1965 775 The glow of dawn filtered through the window of the small study. Rabbi Mordecai Green

was at his desk sound asleep with his face lying on an open book, his yarmulke 1 still resting squarely between the whitehaired tufts of his head. As the light increased, the rabbi stirred, his

soft snoring skipped a few beats, and his eyelids blinked open. He stretched and started a

yawn which a flood of consciousness suddenly stopped. His timeweary figure sank dejectedly

back into the chair. "Why Sarah's son? Maybe Hannah's fasttalking boy, Herschel, or even

Rhoda's big headstrong Jacob—but why Yehonatan? Poor Sarah—first my son David gets killed in

the war and makes her a widow, and now their only child gets mixed up in a thing like this."

The rabbi picked up the handworn treasure that had just served as his pillow. It was a

thin volume in Hebrew, and its large, elaborately embellished pages proudly unveiled some of the greatest prose in Judaism. About halfway through, a page had been torn and then lapped

and spliced together. Because of the uneven repair the book had a natural tendency to open

to the damaged plate. Countless times the rabbi's children, and later on his grandchildren, had

listened as their beloved patriarch read to them in flawless Hebrew from this, his favorite book. He used to think the children didn't notice that he always skipped one particular page,

but to them it was almost like a game. In fact, his grandchildren had named the mysterious page

"Saba's secret,"and among the youngest it acquired nearlegendary proportions. Now as he

gently traced a finger over the mend on that page, he recalled an incident that occurred over fifteen years ago.

He had been reading at little Yehonatan's bedside one evening, and just as the secret page

776 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA \ A touching story of a Jewish family and their growing awareness of the truthfulness of the restored gospel.

Saba.*BY HARRY L. GLICK

was about to be bypassed, the boy reached up, grabbed the book, and ran out of the room. The

rabbi was too surprised to move, but Yehonatan's mother was right on her son's heels.

A freshly waxed floor ended the escape, and the boy went down at the same instant his mother caught hold of his pajama collar. The book flew from the culprit's hands—all except for part

of the secret page.

To Yehonatan's mother the sound of the tearing parchment was as if a temple veil had been rent. As she raised her hand to administer a welldeserved spanking, the rabbi interceded:

"Please don't potch him, Sarah. His curiosity just got the best of him."

Sarah was surprised. Her fatherin-law never interfered with the discipline of his grandchildren, and least of all did she expect leniency in this particular case. Then for the first

time in her entire life, she realized the rabbi had one great weakness—her overly inquisitive

son, Yehonatan Green.

As the memory faded and was replaced by thoughts of the tragic present, the rabbi gently slid the book back into its case.

Yesterday morning Yehonatan had visited his grandfather's study. "Saba, I have two

important questions to ask you. First: In principle number three of Maimonides'Thirteen

Principles of Faith,- he states: 1 believe with perfect faith that the Creator (blessed be his

name) is not a body, and that he is free from all the properties of matter, and that he has not any form whatsoever.'I have found nine places in the Torah s where it clearly shows that

the Creator has both form and a body. Why is it that Maimonides doesn't agree with the

* Pronounced sahba, an affectionate Hebrew term for "grandfather."

SEPTEMBER 1965 777 tried to hug her fears away. "I didn't mean to upset

Saba, but if a famous rabbi such as he can't answer my questions, then who can?"

As the months passed, Yehonatan waited patiently for a graceful way of introducing his ChristianSaba. friend, an exceptionally attractive girl named Ruth,

Prophet Moses? Second: If God is 'everlasting'and to his entire family. Finally, on his twentysecond

'unchanging,'then why doesn't he still speak to us birthday, he invited her home to a dinner given in through living prophets as he did with the ancients? his honor. Oddly enough his mother's matriarchal

Six million of our people could have been saved from instinct, upon which she relied heavily, failed to

Adolph Hitler if a prophet of God had sounded the register the slightest protest against the object of her warning. I just can't understand it."son's affections. Suspecting betrayal by her own

The rabbi was pleased with the challenge and with intuition, she had to content herself with a peculiar his grandson's sincerity. However, a little later on bit of rationalization: "If the girl weren't a Goya,

he wished he hadn't been so quick to grant the she would have been a good choice."

request. "Oi, 4 what questions he asks his old Saba."Goya or not, Ruth was still a good choice as far

Finally Rabbi Green called in his daughterin-law, as Yehonatan was concerned. However, her continued

related her son's two questions and added one of his refusal to consider anything other than an "eternal own: "Where did a good Jewish boy get such quesmarriage"in a Mormon temple created a problem

tions?"he certainly hadn't counted on. To him the girl's

"I don't know, Father, but I can guess. Please forposition seemed quite unreasonable, and he insisted

give me for not telling you sooner, but I didn't want on discussing the matter with her parents.

to hurt you."Her eyes became moist. "Yehonatan... Yehonatan was more than a little bewildered at

Yehonatan wants to marry a Christian."the religious enthusiasm of Ruth's father, and the

The rabbi's face turned ashen. bewilderment turned to genuine amazement when,

Yehonatan's questions had assumed monumental in the course of the long conversation, the man deproportions, and the rabbi's nightlong search failed cisively answered the two questions that had baffled to produce the required answers. Finally he had fallen Saba. This cataclysmic event shifted a certain inasleep with his face resting on his venerated sanctuary satiable curiosity into high gear, a Book of Mormon

—the book of Hebrew prose. changed hands, and soon the grandson of Rabbi

When the rabbi didn't eat his breakfast, Sarah Green was swiftly traveling the upward road to knew what the trouble was. The longer she dwelt conversion.

upon it, the angrier she became. At the sight of YehonaOne day the rabbi overheard the word "baptism"

tan walking unconcernedly into the room, her gentle mentioned in the same sentence with the name of his dignity reverted into something else. "Yehonatan grandson. A shocked stillness instantly enshrouded

Green, I'm ashamed of you! Do you know what him as he struggled to comprehend the unbelievable

you've done? You and your ridiculous questions have thing just spoken. Had Yehonatan's infatuation with

made your grandfather sick!"that girl already blinded him to the terrible persecu-

"But, Mother-"tions heaped upon the Jews in the name of Chris- "Never mind 'but Mother.'That isn't just your tianity? The rabbi finally regained enough of his

grandfather you've hurt. That's the famous Rabbi composure to sternly reply, "It's disgraceful! Imagine,

Mordecai Green. When he was your age he earned my own flesh and blood turning against the traditions

his daily bread writing the Hebrew on synagogue of our people and embracing the doctrines of

Torah scrolls. By the time he was thirty he had two Christian strangers! I'll hear no more of it. The

doctorate degrees and was proclaimed one of the minute he starts talking 'baptism,'we'll start talking most promising young rabbis of his generation. Just Shivah."6

because he happens to be your grandfather doesn't The baptism came to pass, but out of compassion give you any special privileges. You don't think I for Jon's mother, the rabbi refrained from the threatknow what's going on, but that Goya5 you're going ened Shivah. He personally delivered the parting

with is behind all this. She and her strange stories words to his grandson: "She and her kind will never

about some Mormon named Smith finding a gold accept you. They'll reject you like dirt, Yehonatan,

bible in the side of a hill."Her voice faltered, and and when it happens you'll come crawling back to

she started to cry. us.

Yehonatan put his arms around his mother and The rabbi's prediction never came to pass. Soon

778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Yehonatan, or "Jon"as he was now referred to, was his favorite cup of coffee also failed to appear. On

busily engaged in church work, advancing rapidly in Friday evening he attended the local synagogue serthe priesthood, and at his bishop's request teaching vices with Jon's mother and after much persuasion a "Special Interest"class in Hebrew. His own fiancee finally agreed to attend the Latterday Saint meetings

proved to be one of his most apt students. with her on Sunday.

A trip to Utah was planned, and one year after Thus Rabbi Mordecai Green found himself in a

Jon's baptism Ruth watched the tears of joy fill her Mormon Sunday School class, and although he felt parents'eyes as she and the grandson of Rabbi Mor- a little like a misplaced volunteer, he was determined decai Green were married for time and for all eternity "to see for himself."Not knowing what to expect

in the house of the Lord. At the end of the journey made him slightly apprehensive, but by recalling

home, the wedding reception was held at the bride's several deeply significant thoughts from his favorite home, and all of the groom's family were conspicubook of Hebrew prose, which was still tucked careously absent. Three months later Jon graduated from fully in his suitcase, he managed to relax.

college, and the newlyweds wisely escaped from the As various class members entered the room, Ruth family conflict by moving to Salt Lake City. identified them for her guests. "There's a large numJon and Ruth named their first son "Daniel"after ber of visitors here today, so I don't know everyone

Saba's father, their first daughter "Rebecca"after present, but there's our bishop, Brother Hansen. He

Ruth's grandmother, and their second son "David"manages a dairy farm for a living. The short man

after Jon's deceased father. at your left is Brother Ulrich, first counselor to the

For over five years after their marriage, all the bishop. By trade he's an automobile mechanic. That

letters the couple sent to Jon's mother were returned man in the gray suit is Brother Clive, the ward clerk.

stamped "Unclaimed."Then one day a letter conHe's the contractor who built our house. And here

taining a photograph of Sarah's three grandchildren comes the bishop's second counselor"—and in walked

was "accidentally"opened, and suddenly the "freeze"Yehonatan Green! By now the rabbi realized the

was over. Church must have an unpaid ministry system.

Ruth agilely sidestepped all her motherin-law's The scheduled lesson was on the second coming inquiries about the health and welfare of Yehonatan of the Messiah. Jon knew that as far as his grandand the children. Instead she sent a train ticket and father was concerned it would still be a "first coman invitation to "come and see for yourself."The ing,"and wondered what his reaction would be.

device worked amazingly well until the rabbi became Because the presentation began with New Testainvolved. He refused even to consider the invitation ment references, the rabbi permitted himself little

and counseled Jon's mother to stop all correspondence. interest in the scriptures quoted and their interpretaTwo more years passed, and as age started to take tions as expressed by the class. The lesson continued

its toll, the rabbi's blood pressure became a thing of smoothly past the halfway mark when latterday great concern. A moderately severe heart attack put events scheduled to take place in the Holy Land

him in the hospital for over a month, and at that came up on the agenda. Then it happened: The

point Jon's mother made a decision: Rabbi Green instructor, in an attempt to bring a few chronically

was going to see his posterity. She provided the final drowsy class members to participation, fired a query

bit of coaxing that he had been afraid of. "Father, that, though quite in keeping with the lesson, crashed

I know how you feel about Yehonatan becoming a like thunder in the rabbi's ears: "What do you know

Christian, but do you think that a man of your stature about the Jews?"

should decide a case without seeing for yourself?"This question brought up over twenty hands, and

The rabbi and Jon's mother arrived in Salt Lake the rabbi's glance at Jon's mother coldly affirmed, on a Monday evening in June. "Now we'll see what these socalled brothers and

On Tuesday. Ruth lured her motherin-law to a sisters of Yehonatan Green are really like."

Relief Society meeting, which afterwards was delightThe large number of uplifted hands made it diffifully referred to as "Hadassah 1 with no smoking."cult for the instructor to determine the order of

Jon's pitifully thin Book of Remembrance was careresponse. "Sister Hansen, I believe you were first."

fully planted, and the minute his mother saw it she "I'm sure we realize that the entire world owes a was "hooked."In fact she did not stop talking about debt of gratitude to the Jewish people for bringing

it from then on. forth the Bible. In reference to this the Book of

The rabbi appreciated that his hosts were considMormon adds, '... And what thank they the Jews

erate enough to refrain from serving unkosher foods for the Bible which they receive...? Do they reat the dinner table, but was somewhat annoyed when member the travels, and {Continued on page 821)

SEPTEMBER 196S 779

Following are excerpts from a discussion in 1939 presented by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., formerly

a member of the First Presidency of the Church. The

occasion icas the First Citizens Conference on Government Management held at Estes Park, Colorado.

Because of the increasing tendency of individuals to lean on government for aid, sustenance, and services, it is felt that the eternal truths given by

President Clark bear repeating at this time.

The great leader Brigham Young said:

"My experience has taught me, and it has become a principle with me, that it is never any benefit to give, out and out, to man or woman, money, food, clothing, or anything else, if they are ablebodied, and can work and earn what they need, when there is anything on earth for them to do. This is my

principle, and I try to act upon it. To pursue a

contrary course would ruin any community in the world and make them idlers."(JD, 11, 297.)

"To give to the idler is as wicked as anything else.

Nevei give anything to the idler."( Ibid., 6, 19.

"... set the poor to work—setting out orchards,

splitting rails, digging ditches, making fences, or anything useful, and so enable them to buy meal and flour and the necessaries of life."(Ibid., 12, 61.)

In the earlier days of the Church the word came:

"Now, I, the Lord, am not well pleased with the inhabitants of Zion, for there are idlers among them;

and their children are also growing up in wickedness;

they also seek not earnestly the riches of eternity, but their eyes are full of greediness.

"These things ought not to be, and must be done away from among them;..."(D&C 68:3132.)

The Church vigorously decries idleness. Industry,

economy, and thrift are extolled. Deceit, avarice,

dishonesty, lying, greed, graft are condemned. Honesty, truthfulness, sobriety, willingness to give, love

for fellowmen, sympathy for woe, misery, and want, service to and for others are urged to the point of command.

For a hundred years the Church has, by itself, handled the want and distress of its people, though

780 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA at times their trials have been grievous. the same want, misery, toil, and hardship. No aid

A hundred years ago, armed mobs plundered, came from the outside; we never dreamed of asking

burned, and murdered us. I speak without heartburnfor it. The Church helped as its meager funds pering or malice and with full charity. mitted; but neighbors gave the real succor. A last

Three times we were driven by force of arms from pound of flour was often shared.

our homes, and all our property that we could not Forty years later, as a final phase of the struggle carry on our backs or in our wagons was taken between the Church and the government over from us. polygamy, all church property was confiscated by the

Once we fled for our lives under a governor's federal government. Only a part of it was ever reorder of actual extermination. Again and again we turned.

built cities, only to be driven out of them. But the Church survived; the people prospered.

Once only when we seemed in extremis, we asked Character endured intact. We took care of our own

Washington for succor—not food, clothing, or shelter, poor. In times of scarcity neighbors helped one

but for security of property and safety of life against another.

state aggression and local persecution. The Chief Time and time again, we passed through the fiery

Executive answered us, as I think he must have furnace; we came out of it each time, refined, with

answered us under his oath of office: "... your cause the dross burned away, reinspirited, sanctified.

is just, but I can do nothing for you."(DHC, 4, 80.) We Mormons have cared for the essential needs of

When ninetyfive years ago our Prophetleader was our own in the past; we can do it now. We can do it

slain by an unrestrained local mob and we began our in the future, if we can be relieved of the debauchery westward march over plain and mountain under that to character which follows along with a dole.

genius in leadership, Brigham Young, we moved under We claim no monopoly on the virtues which have our own power, without subsidy, without loan, wished made our achievement possible. These virtues have

on our way only by the maledictions of those who been the common heritage of every pioneer outdrove us out from our homes and then appropriated, thrusting in America.

without payment for it, the property they forced us Save perhaps in degree, our experience has been to leave behind. the experience of all the pioneers of Western

Arriving in the valleys of the mountains, we planted America. None were subsidized, none had much

all our wheat, with enough flour to last only to harmoney, none either asked for or received governvest; our nearest food supply was one thousand miles mental gratuities. Had they waited for these, indeed

away, reached only by ox teams; thousands of others had they got them, America would never have been

were on the way to join us. A pest of locusts came, built.

devouring everything on their way. Famine raised its Some justify our present economic course by saying,

gaunt frame. Then came the miracle of the gulls, the "Times have changed."So they have, but charactercrop was saved, starvation was beaten back—a miracle building has not. The laws of righteousness and

as real as any that aided ancient Israel in her escape progress are eternal. There is no escape from them,

from the bondage of Egypt. But even then we lived either for the individual or for the nation.

on short rations of the simplest foods, eked out by An uncorrupted citizenry builds a great state; no

wild roots dug from the hillsides. So we struggled state ever built an uncorrupted citizenry.

on against want and misery; toil and hardship were No man is politically free who depends upon the

with us daily. state for his sustenance.

From Salt Lake City as a center, pioneer groups A planned and subsidized economy beats down thrust out east, west, north, south, over the whole initiative, wipes out industry, destroys character, and

Great Basin area. Every settlement struggled through prostitutes the electorate.

SEPTEMBER 1965 781 the "congregations"in the midst of which Zenos spent his time? In

contrast to the Bible, the Dead Sea

Scrolls are simply full of "congregations"(half a dozen words being SINCE translated that way), referring to various communities of Saints (they use that word "Saints"a lot, too) who have sought to live theCUMORAH Law in its purity by retreating from NEW VOICES FROM THE DUST Jerusalem and forming independent

BY HUGH NIBLEY, PH.D. congregations in the wilderness.

PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Since it would appear from Alma 33:4 that it was "in the wilderness"

that the showdown took place which ended in turning his enemies back into his followers, and since

The Story of Zenos he could only visit congregations in the plural by moving about away from home, it would seem that The 33rd chapter of Alma seems "Yea, O God, and thou wast Zenos was a leader among those to include an entire hymn by Zenos. merciful unto me when I did cry societies of Jews which had pracIt begins: unto thee in my field...."(V. 5.) tised the custom of occasional

"Thou art merciful, O God, for By now it is fairly certain that we settlement in the desert ever since thou hast heard my prayer, even are dealing with a poem, each secthe days of Joshua. For Zenos there

when I was in the wilderness...."tion beginning, as in the Thankswas more trouble ahead:

(V.4.) giving Hymns, with the same re- "Yea, and thou hast also heard

He starts with a cry of thankspeated utterance of thanks: "Thou me when I have been cast out and

giving, as the Thanksgiving Hymns wast merciful unto me, O God!"have been despised by mine eneof the scrolls do, and immediately Zenos continues: mies "(V. 10.)

lets us know that he has spent some "... again, O God, when I did He is now discredited, despised,

time in the desert calling upon turn to my house thou didst hear and thrown out—but not for long!

God. He mingles his praises with me in my prayer.". (V. 6.) "... yea, thou didst hear my

autobiographical material, exactly Either Zenos is returning to his cries, and wast angry with mine as the author of said Hymns does, house from the field or (more probenemies, and thou didst visit them as he continues: ably) is returning from his stay in in thine anger with speedy destruc-

"... yea, thou wast merciful when the wilderness; since he is speaking tion."(Idem.)

I prayed concerning those who were of his life's crises, this would seem These are serious doings indeed.

mine enemies, and thou didst turn to indicate that after the trouble The tables are completely turned;

them to me."(Idem.) was over the prophet went back the opposition is not only discomThis takes us right into the thick home for a time. But soon he is on fitted but also completely overof things: Zenos has had enemies, the move again: thrown, apparently by force of

but he has been able by his piety "Yea, O God, thou hast been arms, as frequently happened to the to overcome their opposition and merciful unto me, and heard my societies in the desert. So the hymn

"turn them"again to him, the excries in the midst of thy congregaconcludes on a joyful note:

pression implying that they had tions."(V. 9.) "... I will cry unto thee in all

been his followers before. Next we The word "congregations"occurs

learn that Zenos was a farmer or at only twice in the King James Bible, least engaged in the agricultural both times in solemn hymns of pursuits characteristic of the secpraise, 72 confirming the poetic naThe Citadel and City Wall, with the Garden of Herod, tarians of the desert: ture of Alma's fragment. What are Jerusalem.

782 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mine afflictions, for in thee is my me as nothing, while thou didst graved on my heart against their joy; for thou hast turned thy judgmanifest thy power in me."(P. flattering words to thy people."(iv,

ments away from me, because of iv, lines 1-8.) 8-11.)

thy Son."(V. 11.) From the provenance of the Just so, Zenos's followers were

But that is not the end of the document it is probable that this, turned against him. In Hymn 10 or

story, which we must seek in Helatoo, took place in the wilderness; "J"he tells us:

man 8:19: "... the prophet Zenos the false prophets are described in "I had become... a symbol of

did testify boldly; for the which terms only too familiar to readers strife and discord unto my friends

he was slain."of the Book of Mormon, and their... an object of murmuring and

The story of an unnamed prophet. business here, as in Zenos's story, is criticism to all those whom I had

And now let us compare the ups to lead away the saints. "Despised"gathered.... All spoke evil of me,

and downs of Zenos's career with is the very word used by Zenos in with a perverse tongue, they who the vicissitudes of the unnamed a like situation—"cast out and... had been members of my congregawriter of the Thanksgiving Hymns, despised"—and thus our poet contion.... Because of the secret

who in Hymn "H"or No. 8 includes tinues: which Thou hast hidden in me,

in the framework of a song of "... for I was cast out of my they took false reports to those

thanksgiving a brief sketch of his country like a bird from its nest; seeking to make trouble."73

own affairs, exactly as Zenos does: and all my friends and followers The second time Zenos did not

"I thank thee, O God, that thou were turned away from me, and win his enemies back, but instead hast illuminated my countenance considered me no more than a they suffered violent destruction—

by thy covenant.... But those who vessel that has passed its usefulthey were the implacables. The

have led thy people astray, those ness. While those lying teachers Qumran poet's enemies met a like

false prophets, with their many and vain seers who formed against fate:

words and their flatteries... I was me a combination of the Devil, per- "For thou, O God, dost scorn the

despised by them, they esteemed verted the Law which thou hast en- (Continued on page 792)

1.. "

.SSf &Uf7S&iZ?Z

SEPTEMBER 1965 783 TULPEHOCKEN MANOR FARM BY WINIFRED MORSE McLACHLAN

The author resides in the Taylorsville (Utah) Second Ward with her husband,

James West McLachlan, and three children. She has taught classes in genealogy in

Taylorsville wards for eight years. At present she is the genealogy instructor for the

Sunday School board of the Taylorsville Stake.

At the roadside a sign pointed "Tulpehocken Manor Farm."The children craned

their necks to see the place their dreams had cherished during long, wintry weeks in

Utah and a hot, 2,200mile ride across the country to Pennsylvania. As we approached, we could see the cluster of farm buildings a block away.

"Well, here we are! What now?"Jim grinned back at the children. They gazed

wideeyed at the stone mansion with its broad veranda where a whitehaired man and woman rocked leisurely.

"Quick, Daddy, see if they have some place for us to stay,"urged Naoma, our eldest daughter. Jim was already out of the car and climbing the steps to the porch.

'WGfrflMM* After a few words with the elderly woman, he pressed a button, and an old bell gonged.

The previous winter many hours had been spent planning our trip for the sumWAKEN AN PBvf mer of 1964. Mother—that's me—is a convert to the Church with a grave responsibility, genealogically speaking.

When I was thirteen years old and visiting in this same Tulpehocken Valley, I listened intently to Grandmother Swope's stories of long ago. She got out the family

Bible, Die Familien Bibel, inscribed in German characters. In it she showed me where

her father Elias Bomberger had recorded his marriage, the births of his children, and the deaths of the members of his family as they occurred. In the back of the Bible

were pictures of my grandmother at various ages, of her brothers and sisters, of her parents in their youth, and of both sets of her grandparents. The book kindled my

interest, and I handled it with such tenderness that she said:

"I have been dividing my things and trying to give something to each to treaPie sure. You may have this book. I have here another of my girlhood treasures which

you might enjoy."

I hugged the book close to me wondering what else there could be that could equal what she had already given to me. She hobbled from the room on her cane.

When she returned, she had in her hands a blue box which had formerly contained 7v an exciting adventure in genealogy rnaohfci

sesass

stationery but now contained various papers which she had treasured from her youth.

On the top of the papers was a little black notebook, which was to have a great influence on my life. She lifted this out and said:

"Winifred, I know you love to read. I have written in this little notebook the

titles of many of the books and stories I have read and enjoyed. You might like to

read some of them."

Written on the first page of that booklet was The Proselyte by Susan Ertz, a story of a group of Latterday Saints who came to Salt Lake City in one of the handcart companies. This book led me to look for the Book of Mormon in the library. I had read it when I was fourteen years old, and it converted me to the

gospel.

From beneath the notebook Grandmother Swope drew a folded chart. It was a

pedigree chart of her ancestors back to 1750. They came with thousands of other

immigrants from the area of the headwaters of the Rhine in Germany and Switzerland. The descendants of these Palatine Germans are now called the Pennsylvania

Dutch. They came to Pennsylvania in the first half of the eighteenth century to practise their religion and way of life in freedom. William Penn, knowing of the persecutions of these peoples in southern Germany, Switzerland, and France, had invited

them to join his Quakers in Pennsylvania. Some of these ancestors were Mennonites,

some Moravians, some Lutherans, and some belonged to the Reformed Church, but all were religious people, who sought God and were intent on worshiping him. In

Pennsylvania, Swiss Mennonites lived next door to Swiss Reformed and got along with one another. In Switzerland people of these faiths were bitter enemies.

Twentyseven years have passed since that day Grandmother gave me her treasures. They guided me on the first steps along the road to the Church so that

the temple work of these ancestors might be accomplished. After I was baptized

at twentyone, I began to work alone on my research and genealogy, using Grandmother Swope's chart as a guide to locate the original records of birth, marriage, and death of the people named on the chart. That singular job has grown to a family

project.

The year 1964 was designated by our family for a pilgrimage to the East to visit relatives and do genealogical research. The children (Continued on page 789)

m*

BY NORMA ASHTON

Sometime ago my husband and I attended the finals of an allchurch basketball tournament. At the

conclusion of the game, the awards were presented.

We saw the champions receive their trophy, the allchurch team chosen, and the sportsmanship award given. Then, at the very last of the ceremony, a tall,

darkhaired, goodlooking fellow from Logan, Utah, was called out on the floor. He had been selected as

the most valuable player of the whole tournament. I

was close enough to see the moisture in his eyes as he reached out to shake the hand of the man who presented him with a beautiful gold watch in honor of this recognition. Here was the man who coaches,

players, and referees considered had played better than any of the other thousands in the tournament.

The audience cheered him. They were all pleased with

the selection. What a thrill to be chosen the "Most

Valuable Player"!

I would like to talk with you about being a most valuable player. Perhaps you are thinking, When

will I ever get into an allchurch tournament, a school tournament, the Olympics, or anything like that?

Well, you may not think so, but you are in that tournament right now. That contest is the tournament of life.

As we were born, our Father in heaven tossed us a ball and told us to go> down to. earth and play in the

game of life. This game we play for keeps. This game

we want to win. No one wants to lose the tournament

of life. But sometimes we don't play as if we really

786 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA want to win. Some of us sit back and hope that our do is make one less mistake each day."And that is

team will pull us along to victory even if we just sit just what he did. Today the whole world knows that

on the bench. We can't be a valuable player that way. clumsy player as the famous Lou Gehrig, who had an

That only makes us a poor sub. And the subs don't overall batting average of.341 and won many most

have half so much fun as the regulars—ask anyone on valuable player awards. He was one of the greatest

the team. baseball players in history. What if he had quit when

What are some of the things that might help us get he was laughed at? What if he had stopped practising?

off the bench and be a regular player? A good player must not get discouraged. Life won't

First, we must look at the ball we have. We are not be a bed of roses for anyone. There will be days when

all given the same kind of ball; maybe one of us has we will wonder why we were born. Have you had days

a tennis ball, one a pingpong ball, and one a baseball. like that? These are the times when we have to try

We must accept what we are given and make the most even harder. You know what Robert Louis Stevenson

of it. Let's not feel sorry because we don't have what said about trying: "Saints are sinners who kept trying."

our friends have. If we wish we were tall like Mary, If we have the desire to play the game of life well,

could sing like Debbie, or could get our lessons as if we keep trying and practising, we have to endure easily as Linda, we just waste time that we might to the end. We have to be determined to overcome

spend learning our game. When someone asked the our faults and stay in there trying to score regardless

great golfer Bobby Jones to what he attributed his of the handicap. In 1960 the Olympics were held in

success at golf, he answered, "I have learned to hit Melbourne, Australia. There on the winner's platform

the ball where it lies."Let's take the ball we have been stood a beautiful, tall, blond American girl. She was

given and hit it where it lies. being given a gold medal. The boys whistled and said,

This most valuable player that we are going to "There's a girl who has everything."

become must, of course, be a good player. After we Tears ran down her cheeks as she took the medal.

have decided to take our ball and start playing, we Most people thought she was just touched by the must become a really good player. There are a few victory ceremony. The thing most of the audience did

tips that might help us in this department. We must not know was the story of her determination. At the

desire to become a good player. We must get into life age of five she had polio. When the disease left her

and say, "I am going to win."What if we do lose a body, she couldn't use her arms or legs. Her parents

few times. Are we going to sit around and feel sorry took her to a swimming pool where they hoped the

for ourselves and decide it is no use? Then is the water would help her hold her arms up as she tried

time to take a good look at ourselves, find our weakto learn to use them again. When she could lift her

nesses, and start improving upon them. arm out of the water with her own power, she cried

This improving is an important part of becoming for joy. Then her goal was to swim the width of the

a valuable player. We call it by the oldfashioned name pool, then the length, then several lengths. She kept

of "practice."Often when some of us make a mistake on trying until she won the gold medal for the

or are laughed at, we get frightened and will not try butterfly stroke in the Olympics at Melbourne, Ausagain. We say, "I am not cut out to do that. Let tralia. This is one of the most difficult of all strokes.

someone who was born with that ability do it. It is What if Shelly Mann had got discouraged? What if

easy for her. Let her do it."she had not learned stickto-itiveness?

In one neighborhood a group of boys formed a Next, to get into this category of valuable players, baseball team. Among them was a fat, clumsy, little we must try to be a good team member. There is no

fellow. He struck out, he missed the ball when it was "I"in the word team. Our Father in heaven has given

thrown to him, he couldn't run very fast, and he us the best coaching in the world so that we may make couldn't throw very far. The boys finally said to him, the team. If we will just listen to his word, we will be

"Why don't you quit? You are ruining our team."on the first string. He has told us that the best way to

This lad answered, "I know I am not a very good happiness is to forget ourselves and serve our fellow player. But I am not going to quit. What I am going to men. The psychologists, (Continued on following page)

SEPTEMBER 1965 787 Be a Most Valuable Player LEGACY (Continued from preceding page) BY BETTY VENTURA sociologists, and social psychologists are just now getting around to usFrom out of war and carnage two were justing the techniques which our Father Mormon, Moroni—and the golden record kept.

in heaven has told us to use all the Heartsick, alone, yet faithful to their trust, time. He tells us that if we lose our On they wrote, even as they wept.

life in a life of service, we will be happy. We are on his team. He is Then let this he thy peace, oh, prophets true:

waiting to coach us so that we can That darkeyed youths, how beautiful their feet!

hills you knew come home to score. We have good Now tread once more those sacred

assistant coaches, too. Our parents And cry, "Repent,"in Zarahemla's street.

and teachers would like nothing better than to see us get the most In huts of clay and palm through sundrenched lands, valuable player award. Sometimes New sons of Alma speak with angel fire.

when we are young, we think they Brown hands clasp brown where some new Samuel really have nothing to do but get stands, in our "hair."I had a girl tell me Declaring to his own, "Arise, aspire!"

the other day that when she was twelve she hated her mother. She Thus Laman's sons, oh, prophets, arise to claim

said it took a counselor at Brighton The legacy through tears you gave their name.

MIA camp to help her realize just how wonderful her mother really was. Let's give these assistant

coaches an opportunity to help.

They will encourage us to use the great coach we have in our Father will never make it if we don't keep very best within us. We are advised

in heaven. on playing until the end. The Revto do this by the scripture which

erend Bob Richards, the champion says, "Be ye therefore perfect, even

No time for God? pole vaulter, tells the following as your Father which is in heaven

What fools we are to clutter up our story. is perfect."(Matt. 5:48.) We, as

lives Mr. Richards had been talking Latterday Saints, must truly be

With worthless things, about courage and endurance to an champions. Let me close with a

And live without the Lord of life, audience in Canada. As he finished, definition of a champion.

And life itself. a young man came up to him and

said, "Mr. Richards, I enjoyed your The average runner sprints

No time for God? talk. I know what you meant by Until the breath in him is gone;

Better to say not time to eat, to telling us to finish the fight."But the champion has the iron will

sleep, Mr. Richards thanked the boy That makes him carry on.

To live, to die. and turned to talk to the next perTake time for God son. As he did so, a man standing For rest, the average runner begs

Or a poor misshapened thing you'll by Mr. Richards said, "Bob, did When limp his muscles grow;

be you notice that fellow who just But the champion runs on leaden

To step into eternity and say to spoke to you?"legs;

Him, "Yes,"said Bob Richards. But he His spirit makes him go.

"I had no time for Thee."turned to look after the fellow as he

walked away. Then he noticed for The average man's complacent

We need God, and we need our the first time that one arm of the When he does his best to score, fellow men. Someone once said, fellow's jacket hung empty. But the champion does his best

"Great men look to see what they "That fellow knows more about And then he does a little more.

can do for others; small men look courage than I will ever know,"

to see what others can do for them."answered Mr. Richards. "That is I know that each of you is a most

Be a good team member; encourage only part of the story,"his comvaluable player, if you will live up

each other; be tolerant of others'panion said. "That boy was one of to the best that is in you. This gosmistakes; don't be too critical. We the best swimmers around here. pel of Jesus Christ will help you to

need each other. Then he was in an accident and do just that. I sincerely know that

The last clue is so important if lost his arm. He didn't spend any this is the best way of life and that

we reach our goals. Don't be a quittime feeling sorry for himself. He living the gospel can bring only

ter. Remember, it adds no more to just went on swimming. Last week joy into one's life.

the score to get on third base than he entered the annual Canadian May you realize the powers you if you had struck out. We must swimming meet and came in second have; may you have the courage

endure to the end. No matter how place in the ten mile race. He took to develop these powers; may you

we would like to sit down and say, home the silver medal."realize that you are on the best

"I have had enough,"or "I have None of us can afford to be team in the world with the best been fouled,"or "I can't go on,"we average. We must live up to the coaches at your side.

788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Church Moves On Lake City. The twomile, twohour Brigham Young University's

(Continued from page 748) procession, had a total of 156 units, basketball team returned home including 78 floats and 26 marchfrom a sevenweek tour of South the title. Major P. Garff of Salt ing bands from Utah, Idaho, and and Central America. The Cougars'

Lake City became the veteran diColorado. Floats of 24 wards of the goodwill mission winning the

vision title holder; and L. R. Ivins, Church depicted historical highhearts of thousands, received highly

69, of Provo, Utah won the senior lights of the year 1865. President complimentary reports from various

veterans'division. A team from David O. McKay and his wife newspapers. They won 19 of the 22

Monument Park (Salt Lake City) Emma Ray Riggs McKay, riding games played on the trip.

Stake took the stake team chamin an airconditioned automobile, pionship; members were Perry received a tribute of fervent apJl One hundred sixtysix JapaLane, Dr. Ernest Wilkinson, and plause. The Days of '47 queen was Jl nese members of the Church

James Woodward. Men's compeJoan Hart, her attendants were left Honolulu, Hawaii, for their

titions were held at Willow Creek Beverly Whitehead and Patrea homes after a historymaking temple

Country Club. Senior title in the Hendrichsen. The third and final excursion, the largest ever underYWMIA's golf tournament was reperformance of the pageant "Tall taken to the Hawaiian Temple.

tained by Barbara Christensen, Las Shadows"was presented in the The 8,000mile round trip is also

Vegas, Nevada. Marcia Thayne, a Salt Lake Tabernacle. This Pioneer the longest temple excursion in the

Salt Lake City high school junior, Day celebrated the 118th anniverhistory of the Church.

again won the junior division title. sary of President Brigham Young's Brigham Young University's "CurThe Young Women's tournament entry into Salt Lake Valley and was tain Time, USA"was seen in some

was held at Meadow Brook Golf also remembered with festivities in ten performances this last month

Course. several other Westernstate areas. from Idaho to Arizona. This fastIt was Utah Day at the New moving show of song, dance, and

P Joseph Fielding Smith, PresiYork World's Fair. Among the comedy was presented in June to

dent of the Council of the guest speakers at the ceremonies several audiences in the Eastern

Twelve and Church Historian and held at the Mormon Pavilion were United States, including the United

Recorder, was honored on his 89th President Hugh B. Brown, First Nations, the World's Fair, and the

birthday. He was born in Salt Lake Counselor in the First Presidency, Congress of the United States.

City in 1876, a son of President also Utah's Governor Calvin L. Early this summer the 25member

Joseph F. and Julina Lambson Rampton. The Manhattan Ward troupe completed a fourmonth

Smith. Choir and other select talent from tour as goodwill ambassadors from

among church members in the New America to countries stretching

Hj An estimated 95,000 spectators York vicinity performed a musical from India through the Middle "together with viewers of tele- "Salute to the Mormon Pioneers"East to Austria. They performed

casts by two stations watched the for the enjoyment of thousands of over a hundred evenings to deannual Days of '47 parade in Salt visitors. lighted audiences.

Tulpehocken Manor Farm mation we had about each family Mennonite Historical Society.

(Continued from page 785) on the pedigree chart. We also These people surely have the

took along a ream of work sheets spirit of Elijah. They are active in

and their interests were included so that information we found from collecting their family histories and in our plans for a genealogical each source could be recorded on records and are unselfish in sharing tour. a separate sheet. This way we them with others. I had previously

Pennsylvania farmland is noted would have an accurate record of written to their librarian, Dr. Delfor its beauty and fertility. All our sources checked. Then we made bert Gratz, who was in Europe

Swope ancestors were farmers in an outline of those things which gathering the early records and this area, so the idea of staying were not available at the geneahistory of the Mennonite people in on a farm while doing research logical library in Salt Lake City so southern Germany, Switzerland, was a natural one. that we would not waste time and and France. He offered to help in

We had some pedigree charts money copying material which we any way he could and also gave printed containing the new inforcould get at the library. me the name of Ira Landis, a remation we had located about the Through all this period of prepasearcher in Pennsylvania who has

family. We planned to give these ration, we prayed as a family for done much in collecting the history

to interested people we met in that guidance in our efforts to find the of Mennonite families. When we

area while doing research and records of these ancestors. We arrived in Bluffton, we found that

locating relatives. A reunion was prayed for the Lord to lead us to Dr. Gratz had left word that the

planned by the Swope family in those people and those records library should be opened for us.

Sunbury during our visit. This which would provide the most inWe spent a brief period there, then

would be another good place to formation. hurried on to Pennsylvania where

use the pedigree charts. In our After seeing some of the historiwe felt most of the records we

workbook we included a family cal sites vital to church history, we needed would be.

group sheet, containing the inforwent to Bluffton, Ohio, to the All this time the children had

SEPTEMBER 1965 789 been eagerly awaiting the week we House built in 1732."was built right over a spring that

would spend at Tulpehocken Farm, He waved toward the house fed the Tulpehocken Creek,"Jim and now we were there. A woman from which he had just come. It said as his eyes followed mine to

had answered Jim's ring of the was a rectangular stone house built the stone archway. "But come see

bell. She talked to him a few on a hill—two and a half stories in the inside first. You'll like it."

minutes. Then they descended the front on top of the hill and three There was a porch across the

porch steps, crossed the spacious and a half in back at the bottom front of the house. Both the door

lawn, and followed the brick walk of the hill. A rock stairway led to the front hall and the kitchen

to another stone house. When Jim down the side of the house to the opened from this porch. The stone

returned, he was grinning from ear bottom of the hill. We could see house had a simple colonial beauty

to ear. an open archway under the house. that gave one a warm, secure

"Everybody pile out. We are "Miss Nissley says that is where feeling. There was a straight stairgoing to stay in the Big Spring the creek used to run. The house case and also a sturdy desk just;

right for our genealogy papers.

Here we spread our maps so that we could route our plans for refirst the to children But had us of the every old cranny NOR IS THE EXTINCTION OF search.show LIFE LOGICAL... house. The basement fascinated

them with its great stone walls and

RICHARD L. EVANS the stone archway. The spring was

piped under the wall where it ran

For a time of remembering those who have left this life, there are some through a trough on one end of the it wonderfully satisfying assurances. Often we cite scripture—the reality of basement kitchen. From there

resurrection, the certainty of immortality and eternal life—and today flowed out a pipe at the opposite

would turn to some utterances of others on the certainty of the future end of the kitchen to become part before us: "Death is not a subject for mourning when it is followed by of the creek. In this basement kitimmortality,"said Cicero. "... die we certainly must... without being chen was a huge fireplace where

certain whether it may not be this very day. As death, therefore, is the colonial housewife had prepared

hanging over our head every hour, how can a man ever be unshaken in her meals.

soul if he fears it?... I believe... that your fathers... my dearest Here we had come into the world

carried friends—are still alive... I hold... [that] the soul, its many accomplishof our ancestors. We had

ments, its vast range of knowledge, its numerous discoveries—that a our main pedigree lines back into

nature embracing such varied gifts cannot itself be mortal.... It is the eighteenth century, so the

again a strong proof of men knowing most things before birth, that research we were involved in was when mere children they grasp innumerable facts with such speed as that of the age in which this house to show that they are not then taking them in for the first time, but had been built. We wondered what

remembering and recalling them.... Again, is there not the fact that family had lived here.

the wisest man ever dies with the greatest cheerfulness, the most It was after nine at night when unwise with the least? Don't you think that the soul which has the a knock came at the door. It was

clearer and longer sight sees that it is starting for better things.... Esther Nissley, the woman from

Nor is it only those whom I knew that I long to see; it is those also of whom we had rented the house. In

whom I have been told and have read.... I shall not go to join only her arms was a box of groceries.

those whom I have before mentioned, but also my son.... I was thought "I noticed you did not get to a

to bear that loss heroically, not that I really bore it without distress, grocery store, so I brought some but I found my own consolation in the thought that the parting and things for you."In the box were

separation between us was not for long."1 With inspiration, with revelapancake flour, syrup, salt, eggs,

tion, and with an intuitive certainty, men have so expressed themselves sausage, cereal, butter, bread, milk, over the ages. And the Lord God has not deceived or misled them in and a shoofly pie. When Jim tried

their love of life and loved ones. This is not the end of personal conto pay her for the things, she said,

tinuance, nor is the extinction of life logical. And so we come again, "Oh, no! This is just a sample of

from many sources to this certainty of assurance: Those who have left Pennsylvania hospitality."When

us yet live, and where they are, there we may be also. The assurance she heard we had come to do geneaof personal and eternal continuance is there, not because we like it so, logical research, she said she

but because it is true. As a poet said in these lovely lines: also was interested in the history

"Silently into the night I go, of the Tulpehocken Valley because

Into the starry night of heavenly blue; of her interest in this farm. After

What matter where the road may lead—further discussion we found that

If I but come again at last to you!"2 she was a descendant of Jacob

Kobel, one of the ancestors on 1Cicero, On Old Age. whose lines we were doing re2Clara Edwards, Into the Night. search.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia We drove around green and

Broadcasting System, May 30, 1965. Copyright 1965. fertile countryside locating ceme790 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

teries where we copied tombstone vania was a sad one, but we promAnother said, "Next time let's records. In this the children were ised that we would return again, spend all our vacation at the Big

agile helpers. Each took a list of we hoped, in the nottoo-distant Spring House on Tulpehocken

names and ran down the rows of future for another reunion and a Farm doing genealogy research tombstones searching for the continuation of our genealogy and have Grandpa and Grandma proper names. When they would quest. We had gathered many facts stay there with us."

locate a name, they were thrilled and sources which would keep our "OK,"said Dad. "Everybody will

with their find, and each kept a research active for many months. have to start saving money for our

tally to see who found the most. As the trip home began, the next vacation as soon as we get

I spent one day in the Lebanon children started planning and home."

County Courthouse copying data dreaming about the next trip. "Great!"said the children in

from those deeds which were reOne said, "How soon do you unison. "Tulpehocken Farm here

corded after 1850. These were not think we can come again?"we come."

on microfilm at the Genealogical

Society in Salt Lake City.

That night, Helen Sprecher, the secretary of the Lebanon County

Historical Society unlocked the "... NEVER TREAT ANY

historicallibrary of the society and to the PERSON AS A THING"check throughallowed me collection of old newspapers.

Another day we went to the HisRICHARD L. EVANS

torical Society of Berks County in intheReading. I checked While all that a question suggested speaker distinguished commencement A

to for material notdex files be 1 Perhaps got to sell?"more ask themselves: should you "What have

found at our genealogical society, properly it could be put: What have you got to offer? What have you

Jim took the children through the got to give? The law of compensation, the law of giving and receiving

historical society's museum. The still works basically in all relationships of life, even if we don't always

following day I returned to the see it as such. And on a subject previously somewhat considered, there

Historical Society of Berks County is no greater lesson to learn than the importance of personal perforand found four generations and mance. And there are some things that cannot satisfactorily be separated:

family groups to add to my Stein personal standards, personal morals, personal conduct cannot satisfacline. This carried it back to 1623. torily be separated from professional conduct; nor talent from integrity.

The next day we were at the In some counsel to youth feeling their way into the future, Field Marshall cemetery of the Tulpehocken ReMontgomery said: "Speak the truth. Stand firm by what you believe

2 General Marshall,formed Church in Jackson Townto be right. Be enthusiastic in everything you do."

ship, Lebanon County, checking to cite another source, said: "Sincerity, integrity, and tolerance are, to

."3 "Keep faith in the goodness ofmore tombstones. my mind, the first requirements...

Three days later we bade faremankind,"said Marquis Childs, "and... say the truth as you see it."4

well to the Big Spring House and ",.. approach every subject and person with good will until there is

5 Arthur Krock added. These add up'tothe beauty of the Tulpehocken justification for not doing so,"

Valley. The children gazed back recognizing integrity in others and offering integrity and trustworthiness

wistfully until they could see the to others, along with time and talents. Another important item in what

Big Spring House no more. They we have to offer is attitude—attitude toward excellence and attitude

had learned much about the valley toward others. As to excellence, Lewis Webster Jones once warned that

where many of their ancestors had "we are raising... the mass man, the selfsatisfied man... [who]

lived, about the way they had prides himself on being the average man."6 But being average isn't

lived, and the things that had been good enough because it takes more than an average performance to important in their lives. bring about progress. Every improvement and all progress has come

Just before our vacation ended because someone dared to be different—dared to be better than average.

all of the family gathered at the The average is not enough in raising standards, in improving processes, home of my cousin, Frank Colesin doing better than has been done. Finally as to attitudes toward

cott, in Sunbury, Pennsylvania, for others, Sir Arthur fforde said: "Through life, never treat any person

the annual Swope family reunion. as a thing."7 The importance of people, the importance of each person,

We gave out copies of the pedigree and the potential of each person is beyond calculation. Personto-person

charts we had prepared and exis still the most important relationship in life. "... never treat any person

plained what progress had been as a thing."

made in our ancestral research.

This also gave Jim an opportunity ijames Francis Cooke, "What Have You Got to Sell?"Etude Magazine, June 1953.

to explain the gospel to our rela- -Field"GeneralMarshallGeorge Montgomery,C. Marshall, idem.reported in Harper's Magazine, June 1950.

tives. They had many questions to 4Marquis Childs, idem.

idem. Krock,

ask; the discussion lasted until r'Arthur University of Arkansas, President, Jones, Address at Rice Institute, June 1951.

fforde, in Harper's reported 1950. Magazine, 7"LewisSir ArthurWebster Juneafter midnight.

The time of parting with our "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia relatives and the state of PennsylBroadcasting System, June 13, 1965. Copyright 1965.

SEPTEMBER 1965 791 HURDYGURDY (2:1213) and that the wicked

BY EUNICE M. ROBINSON priest pursued the Teacher of

Righteousness to the place where

Before we saw him on our street he had fled for refuge, apparently

We heard the laughing music soar, in the desert, and there at the meetHeralding at whitegold noon

The swarthy troubadour. ing of a community on the Day of

Atonement used his authority to

Then all the children, rushing, came try to take control of the meeting

With simple coin for offering and confound the Teacher. (2:15.)

To ply the monkey's wizened charm, The next passage tells of the

Bright omen of the spring. overthrow of the wicked priest and

We followed them around the block his ultimate disgrace, but more as

And watched them down the avenue, a prediction and a hope than a

Until the arching maples closed fact: "His loss is greater than his

And hid them from our view. gain... the cup of the wrath of

And when we closed our eyes, to hold God will overcome him."(2:16.)

Awhile the magic undefined, Finally, we learn that the headThere still was left the fading smile quarters of the wicked priest was

Of melody behind. Jerusalem, "the City,"where he

defiled the temple and plundered the poor. (2:18.)

Whether or not the Teacher of Since Cumorah Habakkuk Commentary of the Righteousness (as has been main- (Continued from page 783) Dead Sea Scrolls, the mysterious tained) was the author of the and muchdiscussed "Teacher of Thanksgiving Hymns, we are obvimachinations of the Evil One.... Righteousness"experiences much ously dealing with a situation

they were caught in their own the same vicissitudes. characteristic of religious sectaries

schemes, they who led the people First of all we are told that the with their bitter feuding between away from thy covenant...,"7i Teacher of Righteousness had been factions and leaders. 75 But though

Like Zenos, our hero confronts attacked by the wicked and that Zenos plainly has much in common them boldly: the people had been turned against with these two leaders, there is one

"As for me, since I lean on thee, him by the Man of Lies who led thing that brings him so close to the

I shall arise and confront those who them astray from the covenant writer of the Hymns as to suggest despise me.... For thou didst show (1:4-5); then we learn that the actual identity. This is his Parable

me thy power at daybreak, and Man of Lies brought false charges of the Olive Tree.

didst not cover with shame the against the Righteous Teacher in a (To be continued) faces of those who supported me, general conference, and was supFOOTNOTES who joined together in thy coveported by a faction who refused to 72I.e., in Psalms 26:12 and 68:26.

nant and hearkened to my voice... come to the Teacher's defense. 7SHymn 10 (J), v, 2225. Those seeking

in the congregation of the saints. (1:13.) troublesalem. AsmayGasterhave rendersbeen officialsthe nextin Jerulines

Thou shalt make their cause to Then we hear of a wicked priest of the poem, they may have come right triumph forever."(iv, 2225.) who at first seemed to be a man outin myof way,1 Nephi:and because"Becauseof theytheirhemmedinfamy,

As he heard the prayer of Zenos of integrity but later became the fount of understanding was hidden "in the midst of thy congregations,"greedy and unscrupulous in acquir- p.[from152.them]."They.. hedged."T. H. meGaster,aboutop. withcit.,

so God hearkened to the voice of ing wealth (2:5-6), and then thick darkness,"he continues, like Nephi

this poet "in the congregation of turned against the commandments inSorrowthe desert,was all". about.. myme,soulandwastheovercast.pall of

the saints."The situations of the of God and as a result suffered shame o'er my face.... I was bound

... Over my

hell."{Ibid.,two men—if indeed they are not one from a horrible disease. (2:7-8.) It withsoul swirledunbreakablethe torrentscords. of

and the same person!—are remarkwas this priest we are next told, p. 153.)

ably alike: It is the same story of who persecuted the Righteous ance74iv, "from2225.theHecongregationdescribes hisof delivervanity

inspiration and mighty prayer, opTeacher and delivered him into the and the assembly of violence"in vi, 4-7.

position, expulsion, humiliation, hands of his enemies. (2:8.) Studies,75L. E.1 Toombs,(1956), 372f,in Journaldistinguishesof Semiticno

and ultimate triumph, and all in Next we learn that the Teacher less than six different teachers in the the wilderness and in the midst of of Lies set up his own religious persecutionQumran literature,except theall ofMessiahwhom insufferhis the congregations. As told in the community by trickery and deceit final appearance.

792 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Do you want a tire that was torture tested at 120 mph and didn't go all to pieces over it?

tire that a give you want won't Do it Then buy a set of hair gray in a stop, you panic because full stops a car length shorter at 30 tire than other any tested? premium mph Amoco. 120 Super Premium Tires

Do you want a tire that nobody thought could be made better than it from your American Oil Dealer.

was except us, so we did? You expect more from American and you get it!*

Do you want a tire that is practically AMERICAN Oil COMPANY indestructible, and has a written guarantee that will probably just sit around gathering dust?

Do you want a tire that will rack up so many miles you won't believe your odometer?

Do you want a tire that you just never have to think about (which is something to think about)?

Do you want a tire that is as beautiful to look at as it is to ride on, and vice versa?

Trademark... have loyalty to fellow humanCheating tigations of minor infractions,

still had an honor code, but beings. The question is simply, "To(Continued from page 771) "We by then our loyalty had shifted which human beings?"

President Wilkinson believes that from the academy to each other. We hear much these days about

reporting offenders is necessary It was us against the officers, and excessive teenage peergroup influboth to their salvation and to the the cardinal rule of the new honor ences. If it is really true that adults

extent to the alienated youth was that code you didn't fink on have safety.preservation of community

5 in elders their that they reject buddies."that your arguedGeneral MacArthur

offenders should report themselves. This anonymous young man does preference for age peers, the fault

Of course, President Wilkinson is not speak for the academy. Unrests with the adults, not the youth.

right. Those who would exploit doubtedly many will dispute his Idealistic youth will give loyalty

society would be delighted if story. Nevertheless, his story rewhere loyalty is deserved. If they

society waited for them to report veals the key to the problem. Huhave no part in making the adult

themselves. But MacArthur also man beings are social creatures. world in which they live, if they

had a point. If he had information As such, all but the most rejected have little reason to feel that they

which he had received in confidence, he had a moral obligation to those who allowed him to have the information as well as to in loyalty conflictssociety. Such THE

difficult to resolve. Genare very SPOKEN FATHERS: EXAMPLE

eral MacArthur oversimplified it WORD i AND IMITATION by referring to the needs of society as "the clamor of the crowd,"but his emphasis on loyalty to those RICHARD L. EVANS

who trust you was sound. The big

loyalty is to decide whichproblem called turn a going item an be to what could on imitation, moment cerWe loyalty totakes precedence, said, years that Carl to something back "... small some boys Doren Van

tain persons or loyalty to society. instinctively mimic their fathers... [This is] part of every boy's

Can our youth be blamed if they education... little boys... hurrying to keep up with longer legs...

seem to have some difficulty with in imitation and admiration. A small boy then will give up almost any

this problem of divided loyalty? play to imitate his father at work. He asks endless questions, in the

They have been reared in a world serene assurance that his father will know the answers."But after

in which some of the most degrad- "this age of imitation and admiration"there may come periods of ing epithets in common usage are questioning, of "disagreement,"periods of "independence."Then with

"fink,""rat,"and "stool pigeon."more maturity, such differences tend to disappear, as the hearts of

Having been heavily exposed to fathers and sons humbly turn toward each other with appreciation and this philosophy of keeping their respect. And sons have children and come to discover that "life is a

noses out of other people's business good deal like father said."Finally comes the loss of a father, and a

and never exposing wayward peers, son feels the "loneliness"that comes with the loss of strength and love our young people are neither on which he had learned to lean; then more and more sons feel them-

1 This cyclenecessarily rebellious nor wicked selves as fathers and turn more dearly to their own children.

because their loyalty often seems suggests some sober searching. Our Lord and Savior said: "The Son can

to be to the offender rather than do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do."2 He also

to society. One of the young men said: "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven

forced to resign from the Air Force is perfect."8 Again the example and imitation, with a very great weight

Academy clearly presents the logic of responsibility—a weight that fathers carry always concerning their

of the position of some of those children. And in looking for solutions to problems, we sometimes look

who refuse to report cheaters: a generation too late, for this matter of example and imitation is some-

"If all are interthe regulations at times source. the Eliot said: As Samuel influence "The of a man

literally,preted it is simply not in just is not [or says does] what he he is. Character but what

possible to live up to them. singularly contagious."4 There is the further sobering fact that whenis

got commandant. a new "We to choose marry, in choose, effect, we we children our someone whom

.. officers stripped were. Cadet likely to are imitate, beliefs, someone convictions, whose character and

... their authority, of the and to want would them so follow—or should. we choose Thank we God

... less codehonor an became love for the confidence and fathers, for and of companionship respect

ethic of inquisition than a tool understanding, for and always with an of the awareness weight of example

... officers. the squadron imitation—for fathers and names whose heritage whose we bear, we

"In the last year or so the inhave, whose footsteps we may follow, with respect, along with love.

crease in nitpicking made the cadets downright rebellious.... ee "A Man and His Father"by Carl Van Doren, Good Housekeeping, December 1948.

"Distrust grew up between the 2John3Matt. 5:19.5:48.

cadets and officers within the *To Charles W. Eliot, by Samuel A. Eliot, "What I Owe to My Father."

wing, and the officers responded "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia with cloakand-dagger style invesBroadcasting System, June 20, 1965. Copyright 1965.

794 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Planning a Fall Vacation

East or West... Go Carefree... by Domeliner

Wherever your fall vacation takes you, it just a few steps away, where you can enjoy will be pure pleasure all the way when you added relaxation.

go Union Pacific Domeliner. Skyhigh views It's reassuring to enjoy the peace of mind

of autumn scenery from picturewindow that comes from traveling by the safest domes will delight you... the fine food in means yet designed. And, of course, it's so

the Dining cars will satisfy your appetite, economical—especially with Union

whether for a snack or a steak. There's a Pacific's Family Fares for husband and

wide choice of modern Pullman accommowife traveling together, or for families with dations or spacious coaches with reclining youngsters. Indeed, traveling by Domeliner

stretchout leg rest seats; and plenty of is fun—for everyone! May we make

room to roam, with attractive lounge cars reservations for you?

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD For information or reservations contact your nearest

Union Pacific Ticket Office or travel agent.

DOMELINERS: "City of Los Angeles""The Challenger""City of San Francisco""City of St. Louis""City of Portland""City of Denver"

SEPTEMBER 1965 793 belong to anything but a depenbegins to waver. Small groups tend

dent status, we should not be surto band together for mutual proprised to find that they turn to tection against the community each other for support and rebel rather than in support of the comagainst adults. munity. Instead of dependence on

Traditional American philosophy, individual morality and loyalty, which they learn in school, has the community has to turn to police emphasized individual freedom, coercion to maintain its authority.

and it has tended to honor men In this situation, reporting offendwho have opposed uncontrolled ers may become an offense against authority. The development of free men.

A COMPREHENSIVE democracy everywhere has weakOver a tenyear period, I have

HISTORY OF THE CHURCH ened the power of authority over made extensive studies of cheating

Three volumes of which the people have no control in college. I have found that a

historical significance or against which they have no relarge proportion of 6,000 students dress. Struggles against tyranny studied say they cannot judge

lead to the development of concheating to be sinful or immoral.

tempt for the "informer."Believers They say, "It all depends,"and

in the dignity of the individual their answer reflects upon a social have for generations taught their system in which right and wrong children not to be "tattletales."No have not been clearly defined and

one respects the person who "bears in which loyalties are divided.

Here then is the universal chalMISSIONARY lenge. To whom should our youth

BY BEULAH HUISH SADLE1R be loyal? Where can they find the

system of belief, of freedom and in you, our trust placed have We integrity, their deserves which land, in Stranger a foreign

Saint Latterday To the that walk in peaceloyalty? Asked you may there is only answer: in one the hand. waiting Find the

Volume one carries the story of the Asked that joys may spring from of salvation is eternal truth to honest which give can commen gospel from the of Dispensation New you, its of plete allegiance. the of ancestry account take the an we When unfold. every Truths thought your all the through Smith, Joseph Prophet, steps necessary to convert our the sacred words Speak cruel of Him its to the unfolding of incidents this to plan, youth will they show state the saints the from of explusion the holy mold. shaped Who us the to to true honor way and of spring in winter and the Missouri of

1839. Authenticated material of the brotherly responsibility.

highest value upon which righteous tales"or otherwise puts pressure Conversion always leads to genudeductions may be founded. $4.50 on others in order to stir up ine brotherhood. When we love

Vol. II trouble or to gain advantage for our neighbors, we won't inform on

himself. to their hurt, will neither them we II recounts narrative of Volume The withhold our other On the other hand, survival of peoaid when fallen their rise of the saints from the

fortunes as Missouri exiles, through all groups depends on reciprocal ple or untoward events threaten their settlement into a compact comloyalty of group members. Traitors to harm them. And when we have

Illinois, state the within of munity the or opportunists faith in our prey on would brotherhood, who will we at and breaking verge of Nauvoo up their for stopped. In report be offenders fellows must are if they not the into of the Church departure the

western wilderness in endless search a state of anarchy such stopping wise enough to report for themofZion. $4.50 may be done on an individual selves when they suffer from

basis, but in an organized civilizamaladies which threaten to destroy

Vol. Ill tion group cooperation leads to them, and we will check them

The dominent idea of Volume III is the suppression of offenders. This firmly when their behavior threatthe exodus of the Church from its is true in a democratic community ens either themselves or all of us

battered remains at Nauvoo to the or even in a criminal gang. In a with destruction. We will not hesiMountains. Great Basin of the Rocky

A narrative of human interest dealing democratic system every citizen tate to report them because we with the change in the manner of life bears a moral responsibility to opwill have confidence that the of the people, a new human leader, a pose immorality both on a personal agencies to which they are reportenvironment and an epic new of embasis and through ed community will handle with underthem activities. pire founding $4.50 machinery for provided the purstanding love. and with In God's

pose. Offenses are freely reported kingdom every man is honored and

in the belief that justice will prethe welfare of each person is of vail for both the accused and for primary importance. Error is carethe community. fully corrected, not rooted out in

But when community machinery hate. This is the way it will be

tends to become oppressive, indiwhen men are truly converted to vidual loyalty to the community the gospel of Christ.

796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 6 O'CLOCK WEEKDAY EVENINGS KSL RADIO PRESENTS TED CAPENER

WITH THE RUSINESS NEWS!

Only KSL Radio delivers the most complete, comprehensive and interesting Business News program in Mountain America!

Listen to it... it's good business!

DIAL 1160 t<ad(o BROADCAST HOUSE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

The Business News features

Latest New York and American Legislation

Stock Exchange averages Interviews with business leaders

Commodity Exchange

National and Local Business News Business man's Profile

SEPTEMBER 1965 797 diyrnns When we love our children him get away with it. He has been

enough to live for them as well as my close friend for many years, but

I can't convince him that he from the for ourselves, when we become wise enough to give them the shouldn't cheat. Please help me.

guidance they need, when we ourHe is too good a man to be lost."

Cross irioaas selves become honest enough to set They all are too good to be lost.

the proper example and humble All for Piano, Organs, Published

Kelley, In C. xEarl Youth Defense of their to friends or Voice (04516) enough become

Cliffs, PrenticeHall, (Englewood N.J.: * * *

officers, their rather police than Inc., 43. p. 1962),

Trios Solos Duets tattling will inform2Charles die honest Glicksberg, Ethics "Student and

Instruments 6A) (0451 C the SoSystem,"and HonorI. School and ing will part of expression our be B|, Instruments 6B) (0451

E(, Instruments 16C) (045 of respect for each other, as it was ciety3Douglas85 (MayMacArthur,25, 1957),"The181ff.Old Soldier 6D) Instruments (0451 Bass

* * * with a senior in one of my classes. Looks Back,"Life, January 10, 1964

(Vol. tears No. his 56, running With pp. 62f. 2), down Chorus SATB TTBB SSA *Idem. cheeks "Brother Smith, he said, in 6E) (0451 one book Sizes Involved the Cadet 5"A Up this in cheating vocal, choralThe piano, instrumental was part* and Scandal,"Life, February (Vol. 12, 1965 in performed combination. bemay any test. I love to too him much 68ff. let 58, No. pp. 6),Choral $1.25

Piano, Organ, Vocal $2.00

Parts, each $1.50

arranged by LEROY J. ROBERTSON

SOLOS DUETS TRIOS THE for E[> Instruments Instruments SPOKEN THE PERSONAL C by Instruments Ba Instruments WORD i CONTRIBUTION including "COME, COME, YE SAINTS"and 29 others Order From RICHARD L. EVANS

A distinguished civic leader recently recalled that Rudyard Kipling took a piece paper, of less which cost have a than penny, certainly would Co Music wrote it the and "Recessional": on of Hosts, yet, us with be "Lord God Falls, Idaho Idaho 83401

Box 2009 Lest we forget"—with all the stirring, moving meaning of its thirty

unforgettable lines. And then this same observer said that "millions of

machines could not have thought this out"—could not have written the

"Recessional"with its emotion and message, and indeed, the very imBLACK & WHITE mortality of it. This has its application for a season when young people

are moving forth to find their way into the future. The personal conllll 8 exposure roll tributionworking, isserving,still the creating,most importantcomforting,element counseling,and asset in proving,life—learning,and

is no substitute for the personal process. DEVELOPED & PRINTED improving. Basically there

an As eminent educator once observed: resigned not "We have from SIZE IN JUMBO the race: Neither science human nor technology the nor all deterministic 12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00

36 exposures $1.50 doctrine inspired by them, nor the despotism that has tried to force

can function without our individual powers of reason, imagination, and COLOR FILM that doctrine upon mankind, has succeeded in producing a world that

DEVELOPING conscience.we are rationalWe arebeings,not capablemere spongesof chartingor planktonthe tideafloatand onnavigatinga tide..it,.

diverting and directing it.... There... substitute for is no

individual."8-ExposureKODACOLORRoll per theand creativeeven 1 It is people music, who write who think

Printing Dev. and roll $2.55 thoughts, ones. It loved who love is people machines, make who who 12Exposure per improve processes products. and people responsibility, take And who Dev. Printing || Roll $3.00 and ro

Color Reprints 204 each who are creative, who solve problems, who live and serve with integrity are still the greatest of product effort. all our education to and And

those are searching future, for a for who a purpose, for First a place: 135 mm COLORColor Slides SLIDES per

20 exp., Dev. and Mount...$1.35 roll get the best preparation possible; then don't be satisfied with average

1 35 mm Color Slides per or routine performance. Think, try, plan, pursue. Be a sincere, interexp., Dev. 36 and Mount... $2.40 roll ested, productive, responsible and person. is still Personal contribution Color Movie per the most important contribution in service is still life. Personal the 25'Roll 8 mm, roll $1.35

greatest sendee. Personal standards, personal morals, personal conduct

GENEALOGY—the personal, eternal worth of the individual—this indeed is the very purpose PHOTOS of life. "Lord God of Hosts, be with us yet, Lest we forget"of OLD NEGATIVES MADE this also.

PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS

of NEGATIVE, 54 each XA. Whitney Griswold, Address at Yale University's 25th anniversary commencement.

Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s

MoneyBack Guarantee Broadcasting"The Spoken System,Word,"Junefrom 6,Temple1965. Square,Copyrightpresented1965. over KSL and the Columbia

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

798 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

A special message A Testimony to missionaries The year is 1898; the missionary

to Elder David belongsexperience exand their families! and his His wordsO. McKay.

perience appeared in The Millennial

Star: The elders laboring in Ayr, relate the following experience which will be interesting and encouraging perhaps to some of the readers of the Star: For some time after our arrival in Ayr we had no encouragement whatever from the people; but were

met with such cold indifference that our hopes were lowered nearly to the point of despair. However we persevered with our street meetings and

on July 4th had the satisfaction of speaking to our first good audience.

As the meeting proceeded a spirit of opposition became very manifest.

Our opponents tried to interrupt us, but a woman's encouraging voice was heard, saying: "Pay no attention to the disturbers; your teachings

are in accordance with the scriptures. Go on with your meeting!"

She was an entire stranger to us, and little knew at the time what consolation and encouragement her words gave two humble servants of the Lord.

She was recognized at several of our succeeding meetings, and on the evening of September 5th, we had the pleasure of conversing with her. Security Bank, without charge, to

Mrs. Wilson, for that is her name,

invited us to her home, and in acprovide you with a cashier's cepting the invitation we took with check or bank draft, which is the us some views of Utah. In the illusbest means of sending funds

tration of the Salt Lake Temple is a to him.

picture of one of the windows showing the Prophet Joseph Smith Young men and women entering receiving his first vision. When

Mrs. Wilson saw this she shed tears It has always been the policy of the Mission Home are also

of joy and said, "I saw in a dream First Security to provide free invited to take advantage of our that man praying in the woods, a service to families sending funds complete banking services. You

ago."time long

conversation continued, to missionaries in the field. are welcome to cash checks at the As

office. Security any First We his blessing read Elder N

that consider you also for Whether your missionary is in the suggest apart set received when - he was his mission. Among other promises U.S. or in a foreign country, we opening a checking or savings

made him was that "Angels should will be pleased at any First account.

go before him."When the lady

heard this, she testified again saying, "That is true; angels have been

here; and I saw you two men coming Come in and let us serve you. With

from America to preach the gospel."93 banking offices in 71 Intermountain First

Mrs. Wilson and her two daughcommunities, there is a First Security

baptized ters been have into The Bank in or near your community.. Security of LatterDay Christ of Jesus Church

Saints. providing every financial service you'll ever need. Banks

Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

SEPTEMBER 1965 799 the Youth of Zion Salt Lake City's Finest Motel Sets the Pace Again—Save

(Continued from page 763) Just Completed—22 luxurious rooms now open

for your enjoyment partner. We spend too much time

in 'created'madeto-order amuseJUST STEPS TO THE BUSINESS, ENTERTAINMENT AND SHOPPING ments. We need to create our own

DISTRICT - SAVING YOU TIME AND TRAFFIC. RELAX IN THE games and interests. We spend too

time before much TV and movie COMFORT OF ATTRACTIVE SURROUNDINGS. 330 BEAUTIFUL screens watching voluptuous,

ROOMS AND RESTAURANT. FOR RESERVATIONS TELEPHONE moral, immodest people act beforeim363-6781 (801). us. We drive when we should

walk. We sit when we should say

MAIN STREET AT FIFTH SOUTH good night. We spend idle time

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH and give Satan a foothold. We are

alone when we should be in company. We kiss, kiss, kiss. We stir

ourselves to the breaking point."

COVEY'S officersThe timeand hasteacherscome whenand othersMIA should unitedly rise as a single AMERICA to voice assist the parents and MOTEL youth in changing the pattern of social life among the youth in our communities.

MIA officers, into your capable

You will be amazed at handsmen andcomewomen.the soulsWhatof willtomorrow'syou do

how much you can learn with them? Their bodies at this

through a Home Study ageemotionsare vigorousare nearand theactive.surface.Their

course! Their faith is easily kindled and

nurtured. Their passions are yet

unbridled. But, their spirits can be

Please Send Free HOME molded. You must not fail these

STUDY Catalog youth.Leaders, when the young come

for bread, what will you give them

Name—bread or a stone? Bread is the

staff of life; it nourishes and feeds

Address and builds. The stone is lifeless—

the symbol of inactivity. Indeed,

sometimes it is deathdealing.

When young men and women City come to you for fish, what will you give them—a palatable, bodyState building fish or a coiled serpent?

When these fresh young folks HOME STUDY, Brig ham come to you asking for an egg,

Young University, Provo, will you give them a scorpion?

figs, will you Utah When they ask for press thorns into their flesh? When

they ask for grapes, will you give them sharp, prickly bramble bushes?

FOR EVERY LDS What boys and girls need are

TOP QUALITY PECAN MEATS models, not critics. When they MEMBER

Write in the A MONEY MAKER FOR reach the crossroads in moments

Dark Without of important decisions, as they CHURCH do GROUPS disturbing so very often in their teen years, pack and ship others We grow, our own shelled in the meeting they need to ball findUnique point that writes pen in the there strong dark men for pecan meats resale through churchby illuminating the writing area. Offered of character women love andfor first the time. groups. quality. Guaranteedfull halves Whole Comor pieces and broken

plete miniature with Beautiful and handsomebattery.rose goldLongmetallasting.with available. -people who care, people who are humblecartridge and for that writes Satisfaction months. unselfish, people who

gift for all Idealguaranteed. item ages as For complete details write: love their fellowmen more thanwell leaders, teachers, as for students. busy

salesOnly $5.95 ppd. (Add tax in 4% Calif.) MASCOT PECAN COMPANY themselves.

INDUSTRIES Dept. 4 1432-E Crestview Court G-TRO Glennville, Georgia Los Calif. Angeles, 90024

NEW AMERICAN TEMPERANCE PLAN

'100PAYS WEEKLY..

! even for life to Nondrinkers and NonSmokers

At last—a new kind of hospitalization plan for you thousands who realize drinking and

smoking are harmful. Rates are fantastically low because "poor risk"drinkers and smokers are excluded. Since your health is superior there is no age limit, no physical examination, no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy. No salesman will ever call.

Starting the first day you enter any hospital, you will be paid $14.28 a day.

You do not smoke or drink sickness, hospitalization caused by use of DO THIS TODAY!

else narcotics. liquor everything or On Fill right application mail below out and for so pay premiums why fully you're low amazingly protected—at will policy approval, be your away. Upon those do? who rates! mailed. at begins promptly Coverage noon see in newspaper your you dayEvery policy. dedate of your on effective Don't loss 3. for benefits drinking that evidence smoking Other andmore lay. enter people almost 50,000 day Every

life. of America's oneshorten They're now of 90 accident days within hospitals. get now. protection your So health cause primeleading problems—a policy). in described (as pay $2000 We hospitalirates the highof premium most death. accidental cash for $2000 cash Or

policies charge.zation foot, of loss or for sight hand, of one one GUARANTEE MONEYBACK

carefully. loss over for policy of mineye. Read your cash Askyour both one $6000 Or rates are your based on Our ister, doctor lawyer sure examine Be and feet. eyes, or both hands, both

it it provides Then, exactly say what towe health, superior all satisat not are reason if for any you 100%does.it. nonsmoker. nondrinkeras a and to The just back us mail policy within your 30 close invite comparison We

will enfied,days immediately and we your refund HospitalizaAmerican Temperancenew plan. other with any tire questions asked. can premium. You No offer unbelievably lowtion can Plan you dollars. risk thousands nothing. gain..you of is cornlike ours. Actually, other But no drinkersrates because accept do not we

save. rates. See what Dare you rates. Also, high cause smokers,and who

your premiums can never be raised because you grow older or have too many TEAR OUT AND MAIL TODAY BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE claims. Only a general rate adjustment

affect low rates. or could your downup

policy. only can cancel your youAnd We ApplicationExecutiveto BuckinghamOffices, Libertyville,Life InsuranceIllinoisCompany AT100cannot.

READ YOUR AMERICAN AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY

TEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS Name (PLEASE PRINT) 1. You receive $100 cash weekly StreetCountyor RD # -City..State..Zip.

TAX FREEeven for life, Age Date of Birth.

from the first day you enter a hospital. Month Day Year

Good in any hospital in the world. We pay Ocr.upatinn Height.Weight

in addition to any other insurance you Beneficiary.Relationship.

carry. We send you our payments Air I also apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

Mail Special Delivery so you have cash NAME AGE HEIGHT WEIGHT BENEFICIARY BIRTH DATE on hand fast. No limit on number of times 1.

you collect.

2. Sickness and accidents are 3.

covered. pregnancy,except any act of war or milibelief, are of the and best you your knowledge and To accidents or preexistingtary service, or disease? free Yes physical impairment, and from any allQmembers

of No Qlistedlistedhadabovemedicalin goodadvicehealthor above or any the knowledge, best your you have member To

IMPORTANT: include your first premium with application, treatment, or have you or they been advised to have a surgical operation in the last five years?

give details If so, please stating person affected, cause, date, name and address fully recovered. LOOK AT THESE ofYesattendingNo physician,D and whether

AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES Pay Monthly Pay Yearly

adult Each 1959 pays $080 38 Neither I nor any person listed above uses lobacco or alcoholic beverages, and I hereby apply

adult Each 6069 pays $590 $59 forpriora topolicyits effectivebased ondate,the andunderstandingthat the policythat istheissuedpolicysolelydoes andnot entirelycover conditionsin relianceoriginatingupon the written answers to the above questions.

Each adult 70100 pays $790 $79 Date: Signed:X Each

and underchild pays1 8 %2 S0! 28 ATIATMa/7 this application with your first premium to 3387

SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM BY PAYING YEARLY! AMERICAN TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATES, Inc., Box 131, Libertyville, Illinois

SEPTEMBER 1965 SOI Today is the day we need a voice—a resounding, stentorian

voice. It must be the voice of a

true shepherd, "clear and loud and penetrating. It must be consistent,

unified, and continuous, for as

Paul told the Corinthians:

"... if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare

himself to the battle?

"So likewise ye, except ye utter by the tongue words easy to be understood, how shall it be known what is spoken? for ye shall speak

into the air."(1 Cor. 14:8-9.)

Paul continues: "There are, it

may be, so many kinds of voices in the world, and none of them is without signification."(Ibid.,

How can Bigelow carpet help your church? 14:10.)The clarion calls of the multiple

Ask your architect. He can tell you that day's new Mormon church buildings. voice must plead for moderation,

fine carpet, like Bigelow, absorbs noise And loomed with 100% continuous filaproper timing, all things in the to create an atmosphere of serenity. ment nylon pile, Cordridge will give season thereof.

And he can demonstrate how carpet years and years of wear. That voice must tell the twelveactually saves on maintenance and There's a Bigelow carpet to suit yearold boys and girls as they

cleaning costs. every church, public building, home. enter into the Mutual Improvement

Finally, Bigelow has or can customcreate one what need tell no you that the Associations they beare not disdone it since 1825. perfect carpet. We'vecarpet for appearance. can do The social ginning their parties life with

treetinctive texture bark of Cordridge dating. dancing and are and They(above), is es16 colors, in any of its & CARPETS RUGS still children with enlarged an SINCEpecially adaptable to the decor of toBigelow 1825 program. strong That multiple

voice must impress the youth of

Zion that early teen years are not for dating but that significant, important roles may be played through these years in preparation for the future. This is the time to

get acquainted. This is the time

for group firesides, group meetings, group picnics, occasional

Afim rriah> group socials—all properly chaperoned and without pairing off or

dating. This can be a rich and rewarding period extending until

well into midteens and yet never a date. Friendships should be nurtured as opportunities to lay

destiny's foundations.

Someone has contributed this thought about the value of friends:

When Abraham Lincoln was first mentioned as a possible candidate for President, many people regarded it as a joke. One man

said, "Why, Lincoln has no great influence in this country, no great pull; he has no money, not much

friends."You Can't Miss If You Read of anything except a lot of A lot of friends! It was his "lot

of friends"who made him President. Theodore Roosevelt, even

with his remarkable ability, became great only by the powerful, alt ak* %titoww

802 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

persistent, enthusiastic assistance of friends.

One half of man's success must be accredited to his friends.

Life would be barren and lean if stripped of its friendships.

Friends are opportunities, and "destiny is determined by friendship."

We would not have the youth feel that these activities are wrong, for there is definitely a time for the dance, for travel, for associations, for the date, and even for the The biggest bridge in Europe steady date which will culminate At Lisbon, Portugal, the mighty the world. The prime construction

in the romance which will take Tagus River has largely isolated contract, awarded to United States young people to the holy temple thenow areathe Taguson its is/beingsouth bank.spannedBut SteelInc., isInternationalone of the largest(NeweverYork),let.

for eternal marriage. But it is the by the most spectacular bridge in By using stronger, weightsaving

timing which is so vital. It is wrong sionEurope.bridgeIt isonthethelongestcontinent,suspenand steelsSteel, Portugalinnovatedmadeby UnitedconsiderableStates

to do even the right things at the one of the piers is the deepest in savings in the cost of the bridge.

wrong time in the wrong place the circumstances. under wrong

centuries ago the Prophet 0*r Long

Jeremiah asked the ageold question:

"Is there no balm in Gilead; is

there no physician there? why then

the health is not of the daughter steel New tfuft tfW r mi of recovered?"people my <*iulftilllfcifliilii!i!Hfi *| i (Jer. for solid "...,,.: biggest

8:22.) fuel rocket is definitely the answer And V jXtmAt J?

Here's the test firing of the most "yes."There is a is a balm—there

physician, and the moral health of everpowerfulbuilt.solidU. S.fuelSteelrocketis themotorsleadZion's youth can be recovered. The ing producer of the supertough

for steel rocket's the outer used is certain. obviousanswer and

It's called case. Maraging USS steel that "paints"itself social patterns.Change the Change Steel, times 8 to 10 stronger than A

It closely the picture. steel. Plates lasts at practically only J-s-inch Look forever carbon The coating.the singlepartner-allevening dance

is building of that thick bare, the contained fury without of the exterior any United maintenance.pattern; until postpone the dating steel. firing States Steel, unpainted bursting. States William 525 United without These Penn

proper timing would deem it wise; thinner motor cases save much Steel innovated this special steel, Place, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

postpone steady dating until late weight,be put intoallowspace.a heavier payload to USS"paints"CORTEN.itself withAs ita weathers,rich, russetit registered15230. USStrademarks.and CORTEN are

teens. And, certainly, the emotional, social, moral health of

youth will be recovered, and we can have pure persons in an impure world.

Community patterns can be changed. If they are deeply en- (UsS) United States Steel: where the big idea is innovation

trenched, the task is a more difficult one, but possible. It does take

concerted action from all the forces. Parents, the MIA leaders,

and all other agencies should Year after year—over 35—Visitors by the score while in

cooperate in school, church, and L Salt Lake City compliment community life so that all the young from childhood well into A *DISTINCTIVE* Ahigh school would remain children, dressed like children, entertained like children, supervised ce uucmi and disciplined like children, and limited to the social activities and Famous for Fantastic Ice Creams interests appropriate to children.

Undoubtedly, there would be some Again this October, gratify that wistful yearning and return for a visit ro resistance at first. Some children "America's Finest Ice Cream Stores"might not be happy about it, but

resolute parents and leaders on a Open until 850 East 21 St South Closed

Midnight 222 E. South Temple Street Sundays

SEPTEMBER 1965 803 MEN'S WEAR FOR ALL... community basis could accomplish quaintance widens and friendships

Regular it. begin to mature. Now John may

And then in high school days, begin to have occasional single there could come a gradual, dates with Mary and Marg and BIG limited relaxation where acquaintMatilda, with Rose and Ruby and anceships would increase, worlds Rachel, with June, Jane, and Janet, would widen, interests would with Mabel and Maurine and deepen, and friendships would inMartha. And then when he has

crease, but practically all social been the rounds, he could start activities would still be on a group again, gradually concentrating on basis. the most pleasing ones.

Again, the battle might be fierce, Mary would do the same. As her

and there could be much resistance opportunities came, she would at first. Here would be the test to reject the steady dater to accept

see if the parents on the contribinvitations from James and John uting end, who feed and clothe and Jason, from Bill and Bruce and and shelter and educate, would Boyd, from Peter and Porter and win the battle or if the young on Patrick, from Marvin and Matthew the receiving end would control. and Michael.

It is my feeling that most of our There would have been many children and young people would pleasant games and parties and yield and conform when they saw meetings. There would have been

wise purpose, consistency and numerous delightful dances and strength and firmness in their dinners and picnics. By the time

parents. They would accept the they were in college, the Johns and

changes if they saw no vacillation the Marys will have wide acquaintor wavering or weakness on the ance. They will know the weakpart of parents and leaders. In the nesses and strengths of many

absence of resolute action on the young people of their own age.

Salt Lake City, Utah part of their elders, youth have They will note the good traits they

Paul J. Lund, Prop. skidded into the easy pattern. It hope to find in life's partners and

might be most difficult to change the ugly and despicable ones they those young people already deeply hope to avoid in a wife or husband entrenched in the present distortfor eternity. They will have created

ing patterns, but the oncoming their images of the good, the generation would respond and yield wholesome, the right, the smart, to the judgment and firm dethe worthy, the honorable, the termined purpose of maturity. personable. They will have had

School authorities would unmany good times—decent, honorNEED $180 TO $2,500 FOR doubtedlywas desiredcooperateby their people,with whatthe ableout hintgood oftimes—goodevil, indiscretion,times withor

YOUR ORGANIZATION? community parents. The school is uncleanness—good times plus a

Macnnmaauii nono risk...money innoadvance...obligation thethoritiesservantthereof theare people;of the thepeopleauwideAs circlecollegeof daysreal progress,friends. there

V/iinUy Mason supplies your organization with their own social problems also. may be increased social life espe-

'1oice f '* a c beautifully w the school the And cially and girls. for community Young womenvailCAH topquality boxed, Mints, Mason profit would such a positive, by usually marry between nineteen Assorted Cocoanut, Almondiiciphpln Jellies Chiffon, or Chocolate and conservative program. and twentythree often and marry

tells you can you how 'make of Patterns dance, dress, dating, a little older 'than men themselves. sold. every on box At $1.00 400VA1IJWM

life other social extra and no charge each package can be in the Now, upper end of the with group's your is wrapped is, if it that changed, it. teens, is worth they attract the returnmay picture. only and Pay name

is certain, but the sold the candy. This have voice must you ing missionaries AFTER who come home

sell. don't Return you what call, be a trumpet sustained and polished, ambitious, worthy. Pertoday! Mail coupon

consistent and unvarying. Is it haps now the "playthe-field"datit if virtue worth preserved, can be ing could to begin narrow down DEPT.978 MRS. MARY TAYLOR.549, N.Y. MINEOLA, MASON. BOX honor integrity and enthroned, these toward fewer ones who ME. SEND WITHOUT TION,PLEASE INFORMATION OBLIGAFUND- ON YOUR education furthered, lives engreatest showed promise, and RAISING PLAN

nobled, and souls saved? steady dating could now properly NAME

ORGANIZATION. Then come the later years of increase as they pursue their

ADDRESS high school and the first year or education. There could still be in

CITY, COUNTY two of college—the midteens, these early college years much that

STATE PHONE when social life could increase is beauty and fun and romance

AGE (IF UNDER 21)- even to the occasional date—the and many delightful, rewarding

HOW MANY MEMBERS, date sometimes referred to as the experiences.

"playthe-field"date, when acYoung women may do well to

804 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

finish their college work, for some HOORAY!

day there is a possibility of widowhood and the financial problems of supporting a family. As the young brand new boxwomen begin their steady dating, A

it could properly be with the moreworthy, the more personable, the for our little honeys!

more delightful returning missionaries who can worthily take them to temple marriage and a happyfuture. Every Latterday Saint girl RISPLOCKTOP

who grows up wholesome, sweet, clean, and personable is entitled to the best and should be satisfied with no less; and generally, every

normal, young Latterday Saint boy from infancy should dream of a mission to meet his obligation to"the world and to the Lord. Accordingly, with this grand experience HONEYGRAHAMS

in the future, most young men will not get too serious in their roJUST FLIP 'ER OPEN and dive right into that Honey Graham mance until after their missions. goodness! No peeling, ripping, cutting, punching, tearing,

Every young man has assurance pounding! No knives, saws or chisels needed. You don't have

of a productive, purposeful, and to fight it. Just lightly press the sides and flip it open

happy life if he shall have followed some such wholesome program, culminating, after his mission, in i QL sweet romance and beautiful eter- H TgB nal marriage. r n

Youth must be made to under- 3 stand that there is no disposition r$ on the part of parents, church CD leaders, people to or community fto 'JJ NEW! CRISP -LOCK TOP m 5deprive them of any opportunity,

privilege,blessing, or joy but only SI HONEY GRAHAMS 111:Z toto spread such out enjoyed be m

sequentially in the proper time LOCKS CLOSED! Just STORES IN ANY POSIREAL SWEETHEARTS.

thereof. tap the top and it locks TION. Tidy! How about Naturally sweet. Made

MIA leaders and parents and itself up! Clever! those grahams inside.... with gobs of real honey.

others must learn that prevention is better than cure; the time to

indoctrinate is before the temptation; the time to strengthen So let our new Crisp Lock

resolves is* before the situation Top send YOU in to your arises; the time to eliminate the store. Ask for the Honey Who are the Kitchen Rich people?

problems is before they develop. Grahams from the Kitchen

Little example: Permit an me Rich people. SUPREME(of course!)Tillie fifteen least with at was now

two years of sordid, devastating, and calamitous experiences behind her. She went to the skating rink virtue and desolate. This young community? Could she ever attract

"with other little girls, if not with man boasted to his fellows, and this righteous companions? She had

parental approval, at least without little Tillie became very popular "lived it up"as the youth say. She

serious curtailment or opposition. all at once, the envy of the other had really "lived it up."This little

She was but a little girl, but judged girls, for all the vicious boys of girl had asked for juicy grapes, but by experience, she became old town dated her. When she had a serpent bit her and left her to

before her time. She skated well; been "used"by the bad boys of the wrestle with the poison. She had

she was like a perfect little rosebud town, she was abandoned by them asked for an egg, but was stung just beginning to unfold. A young to her misery, shame, bitterness, by a scorpion.

man several years older found her and aloneness. Her popularity was Now, we try to place the responattractive. They skated together a short lived, her life blasted. Damsibility. Who is to blame when a

few nights, and then he took her aged goods! She was now forlorn, little thirteenyear-old girl becomes

home. He acted gentlemanly this almost without hope. How could a woman overnight? Certainly, the

first flight. Then followed nightly she return to school? How could whole responsibility cannot be

experiences which left her without she raise her head in her small justly placed on her little tender

SEPTEMBER 1965 80S TO YOUR HEALTH, shoulders. You parents know—you other girls who have suffered, and

community leaders know—you older bled, and nearly died in tragedy?

youth know. But the little girl The cause: Early steady dating. NATURALLY! suffers and suffers and suffers. A The cure: A changed community

vicious, destructive, social pattern pattern of dating.

of early steady dating must be It is my considered feeling, havchanged. ing had some experience in interAgain, Johnny was a splendid viewing youth, that the change of

boy with every chance to grow up this one pattern of social activities properly and have happiness, but of our youth would immediately

Johnny's parents thought it was eliminate a majority of the sins of such an innocent little dating proour young folks; would preclude

gram. The little girl was so cute numerous, early, forced marriages;

and sweet. Of course, they would would greatly reduce school dropnot think of marrying this young. outs; and would be most influenIt was such an innocent pair, but tial in bringing a great majority of

Johnny was a normal boy, and our young men and women to the

Marie was just a little innocent holy marriage altar at the temple—

girl; and Johnny and Marie just

weren't fortified sufficiently to meet such a gigantic antagonist as FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL the temptation, and constant physiBY ANNIE KENDALL WILSON cal association overwhelmed them.

And Johnny as well as Marie There was no comeliness in this are are they marred; "damaged small one can family your you and Now scarred. are goods"; course, they Of her stood beside me when Who this of benefits modthe enjoy repent, they they can but have done. work was of the electric refinement ern suffered irreparable because harm all children her had avoided The flour old twostone fashioned the of look people communities day, nature's mill preserves that

marvelous nutrition and flavor with tolerance upon social patterns And if she spoke, they quickly with exceptional economy. which are destructive and deathturned away.

The AllGrain Flour Mill redealing. Her dress was old, her hair hung

tains the valuable nutrients of Allow me another example. The limp, hut when

whole grain often lost through longdistance call came from south- I took her hand she wore a gamins heat and damaging action of ern California. It was a little voice, grin.

other milling methods. Why a child's voice that was sobbing. "You are so beautiful,"she said,

pay the high cost of commercial It was an immature voice which "so new,"flour with its bleaches, preservabegan to tell me a sad, sad story. And quietly, my heart was breaktives and additives? The sobbing which came over the ing, tool

Available in many sizes (unit wire was from a little voice, an shown $129.95). Guaranteed. immature throat, and young lungs,

Easy terms available. and a tender heart. What could clean, sweet, full of faith to become

she do now? What should she do the worthy parents of the next

For full information, write: with the baby? Where should she generation.

go; what could she do? I could I love the youth of Zion. I have

ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL hear the mother weeping near the confidence in them. I believe in

Dept. E, P. 0. Box 168, phone on the other end, but what them. I am certain that with a

Brigham City, Utah good could a mother's tears do good example and proper instrucnow? And I remembered that as tion and careful direction, they

the crucifiers led the Lord away can soar to great heights in accom-

I purpose. toward plishment to the Golgotha, place of and May IT! RENT YOU CAN his crucifixion, there close with Mrs. followed lines from a some ITEMSSICK PARTY ROOM

CONSTRUCTION great company of people, and of John Decoven Berry, entitled "The women which also bewailed and Believer Speaks":

him. lamented But Jesus turning RENTS HOWE

I "I like this rising said: generation. them SALES RENTALS unto AND

this like of "Daughters world in which this Jerusalem, weepSALTI LAKE CITY BOUNTIFUL not for me, but weep for yourgeneration lives.

2375IN NEVADASouth State 4860055 640 So. FA50020684West selves, and for your children."I like the way it laughs—with

RENO RENTS - 1490 East 2nd - Reno, Nevada (Luke 23:28.) head thrown back and wide

Then I felt to say to myself: mouth full of wolfwhite teeth.

Copies from Why cannot mothers profit by the I like the way it's built—slender

GENEALOGICAL RECORDS tears of other mothers who have and supple as a willow wand,

Permanent, Dry XEROCOPIES failed? Why cannot girls profit by to bend and not to break.

From Originals or MICROFILM the sad experiences of numerous I like the way it moves—like a

"SALT LAKE BLUE"PRINT & SUPPLY CO.

245 South State, Salt Lake City 3647823

806 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I

bird swooping, direct and certain, but graceful withal.

I like the way it talks—distinctly,

plainly, chary of words and prodigal with laughter.

"I like the way this rising generation works—matterof-factly,

and with a proper pride.

I like the way it plays—wholeheartedly, gaily, with a nice

appreciation of the fine points of every sport, with a really sporting spirit and a liking for them all. genera-I like the way this rising hatless in BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY tion dresses—riding

the easy comfort of jodphurs PURCHASES KNABE—

and open shirt, or swimming in bathing togs—its street THE OFFICIAL PIANO OF THE METROPOLITAN OPERA

clothes trim as a clipper ship—its evening dress formal to You'll find six Knabe Grands in the new Franklin S. Harris Fine

the degree of elegance and Arts Center. And have you noticed how many other handsome

charm. churches and fine public buildings are choosing Knabe?

I like this rising generation—

admire its standards, its overwhelming honesty, its clean, Church and civic leaders who know the worth of a fine piano wise mind in a clean, fit body, specify Knabe. Long a favorite of teachers and professional

its persistence, the sporting musicians, Knabe's renowned voice, sensitive response and despirit in which it takes its pendable service have set it apart as the Official Piano of the knocks—or, having attained a Metropolitan Opera.

measure of success, the wholeheartedness with which it exWrite today for the name of your nearest Knabe dealer and retends the helping hand to the ceive a handsome catalog depicting and describing the many next fellow. quality features of Knabe.

"I like its perfect grooming—from

dense, bright hair to shining fingertips and wellshod, high arched, eager feet.

I like this rising generation—I like

its friendliness—and cool indifference.

I like its levelheadedness in danger, its efficiency in difficulnwz ties.

I like it for its daring to do, its East Rochester, N.Y.

future held securely in both Signature of Quality Pianos A strong, slim hands, a smile on its lips; and high hopes in its

young heart, its desire to be charming and lovable. GENEALOGY PROBLEMS??? generation."this risingI LIKE

( Used by courtesy of Brunswick,

Maine, Record.) ZIONS COLOR INC.

God bless the youth and their "*WJVhmMu.Jmm wUtLm.mm.if,.*.*-.—fn f-lhma Bwf HAS A PROGRAM WHICH

/"?"> '"lit ): fy '* J*"leaders so that tomorrow they may iHlAlJ

. IF...,. * 'J t) CAN PUT A,,

see roses instead of ashes, and instead of anguish, disillusionment,.t u.,u,4-t U JtU J/J) '-/.*!. -

remorse, blasted lives, there will be joy, happiness, accomplishment, irt,(u..ui-.M-Bi"

that underpasseth "peaceand the Instanding."Jesus L llIXXilJJJJ.gl.JLJ.LTlJLJLXJJXXjtiXXaX y IN EVERY HOME name of

Christ. Amen.

J5L, 2991 West 3500 South Salt Lake City, Utah Phone 2933491

SEPTEMBER 1965 807 VITAL. ENERGY

FOR FAMILY FUN

Teaching We may be puzzled as we learn (Continued from page 775) that one who was so important, one who had authority in the to take upon ourselves a mortal presence of God, one who could body. They were individuals who lead so many after him should

were blessed with the right of free choose a course for eternity that agency. They were a part of the would be so filled with disappointgreat family of God who, had they ment and with endless torment and

exercised their free agency propdamnation. Why did one who

erly, could have had the same stood in the presence of God make privileges as his other children, but a choice that is so foreign to that because of their choice they forwhich is good? Why did so many

feited the right to obtain a physical children of our Heavenly Father body and to progress eternally. follow after him?

Vital energy from 100% whole grain flour. Stone grind it yourself—add to

your family fun—increase your enjoyment

of life. Bake your bread, rolls and cakes

with all the natural vitamins of the whole grain in the flour you use. WRITE TODAY "WHAT HAS HAPPENED

Buy a LEE MILL FOR FULL TO VIRTUE?"

Let your family judge. INFORMATION

Send for 5 lbs. Deaf

ANDSmith County Whole FREE RICHARD L. EVANS

onlyGrain Flour, $1.50, RECIPES.

Stone Ground in a Lee Mill. To borrow a question recently read: "What Has Happened to Virtue?"

On this subject we would cite some lines by Cecil B. DeMille: "We

restrictive,"as he merely of inclined to are too think law something LEE ENGINEERING 6-65 COMPANY Dept. IE6 in. as the said, think us of law sometimes "—something hemming We

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Wis. 53201 Milwaukee,

... is false not does conception. a of liberty. opposite But this God

contradict Himself. He did not create man and then, as an afterthought,

W. H. BINTZ COMPANY imposeman free—andupon himthena setgaveof himarbitrary,the commandmentsirritating, restrictiveto keeprules.him Hefree.made...

CASH & CARRY We cannot break the Ten Commandments. We can only break ourselves

DEPARTMENT against them—or else, by keeping them, rise through them to the fulness

daring, divine us to be freedom under means free. With God. God 310 So. 3rd West - 3635821 - S. L. C. of 1 recently of choice."able observer gave us the power an More He

Featuring Supplies & Equipment had this to say concerning those who may choose to suppose that the

For Mass Feeding commandments have been repealed: "I ask you: Is God, who the scripInquiries for Banquet and Catering foods, tures say is the same yesterday, today, and forever, now changing his

supplies and equipment solicited mind? Does Jesus no longer believe what he taught when he was on

earth?... For any man to attempt to change the moral law is like

WHEAT MILL tryingthe commandments,to change the andDeitysincehimself."2man cannot,Now, thesinceplainGodfacthasis notthatrepealeddespite

ONLY the rationalizing of those who would justify indulgence of unworthy $695 impulsesenforcing.andTheappetites,Lord Godthehascommandmentsnot repealed arethe bothbasicinlawsforceof andlife selfnor

POSTPAID the cause to consequence. law of seek and should Then we why ANYWHERE

evil, or popularize or to live against to grain, or condone the ignore IN THE

NITED STATES or rationalize the commandments God has given? They are not arbigrinds Or Cracks

corn wheat, and trarily imposed, but are given because of the fundamental facts. And

of hard realize results. or ignore the laws, virtue the when we keep The we

soft grains, orII kinds of virtue, the virtue of chastity, the virtue of of honesty honor, and lbs. per min. ORDER Vl

BY MAIL GUARANTEED cleanliness of thought and conduct, lead to respect of self, respect of loved ones, and of God, and to quietness of conscience and personal SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS peace. And whatever has happened to virtue, whatever we may have

for return better to it, in a sense are the lost, we had commandments PEHRS0N HARDWARE B. said, selfenforcing—and, as Cecil DeMille can only break "We

21 15 So. 1 lth East, Salt Lake City ourselves against them."

CHI'S TOURS TRAVEL AGENCY, -Mark'Cecil B.E. DeMille,Petersen, Brighamgeneral YoungconferenceUniversityaddress,commencementApril 1965. address, 1957.

INC. 179 South State St., Salt Lake City, Utah "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Phone 3221205 Broadcasting System, June 27, 1965. Copyright 1965.

Join our Fall Tours to the ORIENT, SPAIN,

SOUTH AMERICA, NOVA SCOTIA

808 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA K'

It is no figment of the imagination that there is a devil. Nor is it

a mere supposition that there are legions of evil spirits who are directed by the devil in their influence to bring about destructive work on the earth.

The following accounts by reliable witnesses attest to the horror of the presence of evil spirits, to the reality of their existence, and 6 months and 1 day later to the fact that they are continuing to rebel against God and those the nicest thing about Zeigler facial care is:

as follow did they himwho when it really works his cast of presence. outthey were

On Sunday, the fourth day of This 47year-old woman used to appear as you see her on... not unattractive, but showing signs of normalJune, 1837, the Prophet Joseph the left

Smith told Heber C. Kimball that aging. You can see from the photo on the right the improvethe Lord had whispered to him, ment Zeigler Facial Care made in six fleeting months!

"Let my servant, Heber, go to Zeigler Facial Care and only Zeigler Facial Care made this difference. retouched, not she are and photos These dramatic proclaimEngland and my gospel, corscientifically weight. lose did it done? not was By How

to the door of salvationand open the of facial stimulation rect exercise muscles of the and that nation."deeper facial circulation. That's the Zeigler way—it does

Orson Hyde was sent as a commore than creams or skin preparations, vibration, or massage.

panion to Brother Kimball, and It is pleasant and effective to use; years of medical research

they arrived at Liverpool, England, and testing proves it so.

on July 20. Others accompanied WILL ZEIGLER FACIAL CARE DO THIS FOR YOUR BEAUTY?

them on this mission. Ten days * Will it improve facial contours? * Reduce the prominence

after their arrival, they had a most of fine lines and fine wrinkles? * Generally improve facial

unusual experience. They had appearance with more youthful contours? * Improve tighttaken a few occasions to preach ness of skin, skin texture, and complexion? TRY IT AND SEE!

the gospel publicly, and early Take advantage of this special offer: Write today for free

Sunday morning, July 30, Elder booklet and details of our plan which lets you use Zeigler care

Isaac Russell, who had been apfor 30 days with full return privilege!

pointed to preach that day in the This offer is limited, by mail only. "%

Preston Market Place was tormented by evil spirits and came from the room in which he was sleeping to the room in which mElders Kimball and Hyde were 'Distributorships // sleeping and "called upon them to available; write for details.

pray for him that he might be delivered from the evil spirits that Zeigler Facial Care 17810 S. Western Ave. Dept. EM9 Gardena Calif.

were tormenting him to such a degree that he felt he could not live Name.

unless he obtained relief. They Address

immediately arose and laid hands on him and prayed that the Lord City State. Zip.

would have mercy on his servant and rebuke the devil."(DEC 2,

503.) Heber C. Kimball related what IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARStook place at that time:

I thus Aids in treatment engaged, "While was of Canker, simple JOB PLACEMENT greatstruck with some force by sore throat minor and other mouth FREE invisible power, and fell senseless and throat irritations. FOR "LD"GRADUATES

on the floor. The first thing I recolIf you are planning a

lected was being supported by business career but do not the or have time moneyElders Hyde and Richards, who HALLS REMEDY for four college, of years were praying for me; Elder RichSalt Lake City. Utah today.write for a free catalog

ards having followed Russell up to Registration September 20 my room. Elders Hyde and RichFor the Finest Hawaiian Tours Mr. L. S. Saunders

assisted to getards then on the me bed, so great agony was but my I Write or phone IDS41 1 BusinessE. So. TempleCollege—

could not endure it, and I arose, VIDA FOX CLAWSON Salt Lake City, Utah

216 S. 13th East Salt Lake City

Ph. 3280303

SEPTEMBER 1965 809

Preserve the Inspiration of bowed my knees and prayed. I

then arose and sat up on the bed, The Improvement Era when a vision was opened to our minds, and we could distinctly see

In Beautifully Bound Volumes the evil spirits who foamed and gnashed their teeth at us. We

The Mountain West's finest bindery and gazed upon them about an hour printing house is prepared to bind your and a half (by Willard's watch).

collected Improvement Era's into fine We were not looking towards the hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the window, but towards the wall.

editions you wish bound to the Deseret Space appeared before us, and we

News Press. saw the devils coming in legions,

with their leaders, who came 12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance within a few feet of us. They came

payment must accompany all orders towards us like armies rushing to

Please include postage if volumes are battle. They appeared to be men

to be returned by mail. of full stature, possessing every

form and feature of men in the

POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH flesh, who were angry and desZone 5 1.05 perate; and I shall never forget the

1 & 2 65 6 1.20 vindictive malignity depicted in

7 1.40 3 75

1.60 their countenances as they looked 8 85 4

me in the eye; and any attempt to

paint the scene which then pre- j sented itself, or portray their malice and enmity, would be vain.

I perspired exceedingly, my clothes becoming as wet as if I had been taken out of the river. I felt exces1600 Empire Road sive pain and was in the greatest

Salt Lake City, Utah distress for some time. I cannot

even look back on the scene without feelings of horror; yet by it I

learned the power of the adversary, his enmity against the servants of

God, and got some understanding of the invisible world. We distinctly heard those spirits talk and

express their wrath and hellish designs against us. However, the

Lord delivered us from them, and blessed us exceedingly that day."

Elder Hyde's description of this event is as follows:

"Every circumstance that occurred at that scene of devils is just as fresh in my recollection at this moment as it was at the moment of its occurrence, and will

The warm subtropical climate ever remain so. After you ['Heber

enhances the pleasant campus life. C. Kimball] were overcome by

COSTS ARE LOWER them and had fallen, their awful c<% NEW MODERN CAMPUS rush upon* me with knives, threats,

WIDE CHOICE OF SUBJECTS imprecations and hellish grins,

A two year junior college MATCHLESS WINTER CLIMATE amply convinced me that they where the emphasis COMPLETE LDS INSTITUTE PROGRAM were no friends of mine. While

is on the individual WIDE VARIETY OF RECREATIONAL ACTIVITIES you were apparently senseless and

For further information write The Registrar, Dixie College, St. George, Utah bedlifeless( afteron wethe hadfloorlaidandyouupontherethe)

I stood between you and the devils and fought them and contended with them face to face, until they

BIND YOUR ERAS IN LOOSELEAF FORM WITH AN began to diminish in number and

IMPROVEMENT ERA BINDER ONLY $2.50 to retreat from the room. The last

left turned around to me 1964 Indexes now available free with bind er—Order from imp that

The Improvement Era office, 79 So. State, Salt Lake City, Utah

810 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

IN YOUR HOME...

as he was going out and said, as if IN YOUR CHAPEL...to apologize, and appease my

determined opposition to them, 1 never said anything against you!'

I replied to him thus: 'It matters

not to me whether you have or have not; you are a liar from the

beginning! In the name of Jesus

Christ, depart!'He immediately

left, and the room was clear. That

closed the scene of devils for that time. "Years later, narrating the experience of that awful morning to the Prophet Joseph, Heber asked him what it all meant, and whether there was anything wrong with him that he should have such a manifestation.

"replied, Heber,''No. Brother he unto PRATT LAMBERT'at nigh were that time you

the Lord; there was only a veil

between you and Him, but you could not see Him. When I heard

of it, it gave me great joy, for I Countless homes in the area and many of our most beautifully decothen knew that the work of God rated LDS Chapels are finished inside and out with the finest—Pratt

had taken root in that land. It was & Lambert paints and varnishes.

this the that caused devil to make SALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO. you.'to killa struggle

"Joseph then related some of his 'Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area"own experiences, in many contests 2205 So. Main—See your local Pratt & Lambert dealer—Salt Lake City, Utah

he had had with the evil one, and said: 'The nearer a person approaches the Lord, a greater

power will be manifested by the adversary to prevent the accomStevie Brown says:

plishment of His purposes.'"(Or-

C. F. Whitney, Lifeson of Heber "WE HAVE A COMPLETE LINE OF 144146.Kimball, 1888 edition, pp.

It to possible minimize is not of hasthe had such mind one who to BIG NAME SPORTING GOODS"an experience as did Heber C.

Kimball and Orson Hyde, the terribleness of that experience. Norcould one who has had a similar IDiEaon WdJ

encounter with evil spirits be influenced into thinking that a person SUPPLIERS OF THE can pass over lightly the actual SANQ OFFICIAL ALLCHURCH existence and nature of the devil and those who follow him. As TOURNAMENT BALLS

Heber C. Kimball remarked, "I

cannot even look back on the scene Basketball Uniforms in without feelings of horror."stockdesign—combinations.All colors and

(To be continued) BY THE SAME TOKEN BY EMILY COOK DEAVER SHERRELL TOVEY

One may forgive But rarely forgets An unkind word Carelessly spoken; ieven$

Yet often a smile, A loving look, Will mend the heart rown That's been broken. 1176 EAST 21st SOUTH

Salt Lake City, Utah Phone: 4877726

5EPTEMBER 1965 811 FAMILY UNITY Joseph Smith was the Prophet by whom the Lord Eternity was a single state of being. It is a fact that

God restored the gospel of salvation. This includes people were encouraged to withdraw from the world

the authority to officiate in the ordinances which and take vows of celibacy.

indicate to God our willingness to accept and abide One of the greatest services rendered by Joseph in his doctrine. It also includes the correction of Smith the Prophet was to correct this idea. Men and

errors which had crept into the doctrines of Chriswomen were to be married for eternity by the power tianity. To do this the Prophet pointed out the truth; of the priesthood. So important is this covenant

and, usually, the errors thus made selfevident between a man and a woman that the highest stage perished in the minds of the believer; for example: of the life in eternity—dwelling in the presence of

To accept the teachings of Jesus Christ one must, God, sharing his glory, and using his power—is rewith contrite heart and determination to serve, be served for those who enter the covenant of eternal

immersed in water. Immediately the various forms marriage. Accompanying this is the solemn warning

of baptism in existence are exposed as wrong, therethat the gate is strait, that it is difficult, confined, and fore pouring, sprinkling, and kindred forms are further that few there be that find it. The revelation

eliminated by the believers in the Church. of this truth to the Latterday Saints (D&C 131) in

Among the errors which had been taught for many 1843 was one of the factors which gave the Saints centuries was the relative unimportance of marriage the courage to build the Nauvoo Temple.

as an enduring relationship. Men and women married Today the times have changed. The tempo of living

for life, until death dissolved the union. This being has accelerated so much that only great determination

the established belief, it followed that there was exercised by parents keeps the home and its members believed to be no family relationship after death. united and working together.

812 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Family Home Evening is a program prepared by It is important that each person take part in this the Church to help to revive the unity of the family. effort. By so doing his interest in his dead kindred

Father is expected to gather his family and teach will be quickened. The spirit of Elijah will enter into

members the true principles of salvation, to counsel his being, and he will know the sweet joy reserved with the children, to teach them correct principles, for those who obey Elijah's injunction that "the hearts to answer their questions. The family evening handof the children shall turn to their fathers,"that the

book supplies material for this teaching. Its consistent world will not be wasted at Christ's coming. (See

and constant use will insure a wellbalanced Joseph Smith 2:3839.)

presentation of family life in relation to the gospel. It is interesting to notice that in the kingdom of

Corollary with this is the program of beginning our God the whole world could be wasted at his the A, B, C of genealogical research. This work incoming unless the families are sealed back to Adam.

volves the preparation of, and delivery to the Obtaining the sealing and experiencing its joy was

Genealogical Society, family group sheets for three one of the great causes of rejoicing of the people generations of Nauvoo. Today it is a marvelous experience to

1. As parents of one's children those who participate.

2. As a child in the family of one's parents At the family night meeting, much of this can be

3. One's parents as children of their parents explained and adopted as a part of the evening's

This is done for both husband and wife. Thus a program. Once accomplished it will place the family

total of seven sheets is turned in. in position to take the next step to the next generaIt is true that there will be duplication. The tion in the direction of Adam as the first parent.

Genealogical Society will take care of that situation. This alone is worth the effort.

SEPTEMBER 1965 813 Richard Alan Mills was born The word "believe,"as defined by Webster's SevApril 22, 1950, in Salt Lake City,

Utah, the son of Joseph L. and enth Neiu Collegiate Dictionary, means that you have

F. Katherine Mills. He attended firm religious faith. As a member of this Church, I

East Mill Creek Elementary School and Wasatch Junior High feel that the one thing we as members believe in is School and now a student at most is that this is the true and only true Church.

Skyline High School. He is interested in science and math Although members of other churches believe that

and wants to get his PhD in their churches are true, we as Latterday Saints seem engineering.

Richard became an Eagle to have more enthusiasm about our Church and its at Scout of the age 13 and is organization. As youth in this Church we have been also a of of the Order member

the Arrow. taught to believe in direct revelation. Almost no other

church believes this. By direct revelation we receive

guidance from our Heavenly Father. Although our

BY RICHARD ALAN MILLS prophet, President David O. McKay, receives revelations concerning the Church as a whole, we as mem-

I would like to tell a story I heard once in Primary. bers can receive revelations in helping us do our job

It was about a Latterday Saint man who was at a more effectively.

convention. In one of the final sessions of the con- I also believe that there are three members of the

vention, the chairman called for some men to tell Godhead, not one as many churches believe. In conwhat they believed in ten minutes or less. This Latternection with this, I believe that each member of the

day Saint was one of those asked to tell what he Godhead has something very important to do to help believed. When it was his turn to speak, he stood up me better fulfil my life's mission. I believe that Christ

and recited the Articles of Faith. The people at the is the Son of God and my Elder Brother. I believe

convention were amazed. I know the Articles of Faith he was crucified in my behalf. I know he is the ruler

are true, and these short sentences give a very good of this earth and has appeared to our prophets in description of the beliefs of the Church. these latter days. Also, the Holy Ghost, the right to

Robert Perry Bettinger was a person be converted to believe one certain way born in Los Angeles, California, on August 11, 1946, where he when he already believes that way? I found the

resided until his family moved to gospel and my own beliefs compatible.

Pasadena. He attended Los

Angeles High School and was What is God like? Who is he? Is he something so

graduated from Pasadena High large as to fill the universe and yet so small as to be 1964. School in

Robert was baptized in March in one's heart at the same time? Or is he a Supreme

is a 1964 and member of PasaBeing who created man in his own image? After all,

Stake, Pasadena dena Ward, where he is a priest and serves if man is low (as some churches teach), but at the teacher. as School a Sunday He same time he is the highest form of intelligence upon is looking to being called forward

on a mission. the earth, it would be logical that God out of his love

and mercy would want his children to be like him and look like him. I believe that God is a just, loving,

BY ROBERT PERRY BETTINGER and merciful God. He gave us attributes which, if

developed correctly, will help us to become perfect

In March 1964 I made the most important decision as our Heavenly Father. After all, his Son commanded

of my life. I was baptized at the hands of the misus: "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father

sionaries into The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterwhich is in heaven is perfect."(Matt. 5:48.) He

day Saints. The gospel seemed to have a familiar ring. would not give us a commandment that he knew was

It seemed as though I had heard it before. Some impossible for us to keep.

would say that I was converted to the teachings of I believe that if there was revelation at the time

Jesus Christ; however, this is not so. For how could the Bible was being written, there can be revelation

814 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ZD

whose companionship I received when I was con- I believe that the Church we belong to is the true firmed, has helped me continually from going astray. Church that was once upon the earth and has been

I also know that without my morning and evening restored through Joseph Smith. We are members in

prayers I would not be as active in the Church as the same type of organization as previously existed,

I am. with a prophet over us. He is aided by Apostles,

I believe that during this life I have free agency, seventies, teachers, deacons, etc.

and I am here to be tested. I also believe that I am I believe in the missionary program. I know that

here to complete a special mission. I do not know this program is an inspired one and that the missionwhat this mission is, but I should continue to prepare aries in the field are blessed greatly. I hope and pray

in education and religion until I find out. that in five years I might be one of these young men.

I believe that I, as a teacher, hold all the powers I believe that in the last days Christ will return to and keys necessary for my duties. I also know that the earth. But before he comes the missionary pro-

I received these powers from a man holding the keys gram will have expanded until everyone has had a and power to perform such ordinances. chance to receive this marvelous gospel. I also be-

I believe that children are to be baptized at the lieve that when Christ does come to earth again, age of eight, and I also believe that we must be there will be peace and harmony with little or no completely immersed instead of just sprinkled. I, with temptation.

the rest of the members of the Church, believe when I would like to close by saying that everything I we commit sins after baptism, we can be forgiven have written I know to be true without a doubt.

by using the principle of repentance. I know that President David O. McKay is the true and

I believe that through the Bible and the Book of living prophet of God. I would like to thank my

Mormon, we are able to get a true understanding of teachers, parents, and the bishopric for helping me the gospel. We also have the Doctrine and Covenants grow and understand our religion and the principles

and the Pearl of Great Price to help us get a fuller of our gospel which my Heavenly Father would like understanding of the Church. me to know.

today. Or is God a changeable God? If he were, he Sunday. On the contrary, I believe that religion is an

would cease to be God. If miracles were performed everyday affair, a way of life. How comforting it is

in the time of Jesus, why can't they be performed to know the truth and the answers to life's greatest today? After all, Jesus did say that man can do greater questions. I believe that anything good has been

things in his name. influenced by God. Anything good is part of the

The next principle of the gospel which came into gospel of Jesus Christ. Joseph Smith said, "If there is

the spotlight was who Jesus of Nazareth really is. anything... of good report or praiseworthy, we seek

Again, I found no conflict between the gospel and after these things."(Thirteenth article of faith.)

my own beliefs. I am thankful to my Heavenly Father When one has the truth, he should not be afraid

that he made it possible for his children to return to to test it under any circumstance because the truth his presence in the celestial kingdom. How wonderful will ultimately triumph. This is why I also feel that

it is to have the principle of repentance! All this has there is no real conflict between science and religion.

been made possible through the atoning sacrifice of Whenever I've attended a wedding out of the this meek and lowly Jesus. It is truly wonderful to temple, the words "until death do you part"have hit

know that we were with our Elder Brother as well me between the eyes. I pray that Heavenly Father

as our Father in heaven at that great council of spirits, will bless me with the wisdom to choose a handmaid where we sustained our Elder Brother as the Reto be sealed to me for all time and eternity in the deemer of the world, where we accepted Jehovah's house of the Lord. I feel that if two people are really

plan of salvation reaffirming our free agency. in love, they will want to be with each other not

Often people think of religion as going to church only in this life but also in the life to come. It truly

on Sunday and forgetting about Christ until next humbles me to know (Continued on page 821)

SEPTEMBER 1965 815 i

J - LUNCHTODAY'S FAMILY # We can take it with us. Lunch These lunches must be just as nuwheat bread with a good substanthat is. Thousands of individuals tritious as the school ones. tial filling; Sue, who is diet concarry food with them to work, to We live in such a golden age. We scious, orders paperthin slices of

school, or to play. It can arrive at have plastic wraps, heavily waxed bread with a low calorie filling;

its destination crisp, fresh, and paper, sandwich bags that can be and Joe says to leave the crusts on appetizing, or wilted, warm, and tightly sealed, and yards of alumihis sandwiches and fill the bread uneatable. This all depends on num foil. Even if your family will with thick slices of meat or cheese.

whether the packer is a loving not be bothered with a permanent Tiny Jane, who is going to school mother who cares or a careless lunch box,, fresh brown bags can all day long for the first time this mother without thought. be bought at about one cent each. year, needs to be coaxed to eat her

The best way I know of testing Gone are the days of newspaper sandwich by cutting the bread in your ability as a lunch packer is to wrap or of using the same paper different shapes. Her eyes will open

put up a lunch as you usually bag time and time again. The next wide with pleasure if she unwraps

would, then set it aside under the time vou eo to the supermarket an animal cutout sandwich spread same conditions of heat and huwalk slowly down the aisle storing with a mixture of peanut butter midity as your child or husband the different food wraps. Years ago and dates and lightly sprinkled with

would keep his lunch bag. At noon sparsely waxed paper and coarse, brown sugar. Another good primer

take your packed lunch and sit sievelike paper napkins were the pleaser is to use both brown and down at the kitchen table and eat only products. Now man's ingenuwhite bread. Use tiny animal,

it. It is possible for this food to be ity has given us a multiple choice. Christmas tree, star, heart shaped

delicious and appetizing, but it is Color and texture make lunch cookie cutters to make the cutouts also possible for it to be a moist wrapping a joy. and spread the bread well with

mass or a driedout unswallowable Make your lunch box pass this butter. Cover the crusts and edges

mess. As one mother once said, "I quiz 100 percent: Does it look of the bread with butter and somehate the children ever to forget good, does it taste good, and does it how the centers will take care of

their lunches because my wastenot supply onethird of your child's themselves.

upbringing dictates that I eat it, daily food needs? A Thermos bottle should always

and I just can't make myself."AnPacking a lunch for Dad, for be carried with each lunch. Deother mother, so different in her teenage Sue, for Joe with a bottompending upon the time of year, it

standards, lived by the rule, "I will less appetite, and for the primer could contain cold fresh milk, not serve anyone anything to eat tot presents different problems, orange juice, cranberry juice, that I do not relish myself. I will but all must pass the above test. punch, hot Postum made with milk,

not handle food and prepare it for There is a basic pattern for a nuhot cocoa, spiced hot tomato juice, others except in the way I would tritious lunch: sandwiches, raw or soup. The cold drinks should

want them to do it for me."Alvegetables, fruit, and milk. But start with ice in the Thermos, and

though $900,000,000 will be spent add your imagination and let the the hot drinks should be poured this year in the United States on lunch you put up become the envy into a Thermos that has been heated the school lunch program, many of the lunchroom crowd. by letting scalding hot water stand

mothers will still put up lunches. Dad likes pumpernickel or whole in it before filling it with the hot

816 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i|jiifc i%tmPz'.*fe

- w-rf6* - **"C*V::.*B?-,W

TIMEFLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

drink. Crisp celery, carrot sticks, and you"from Mother wrapped with 9. Peanut butter, drained pinelettuce are kept that way by storing the cookies, a little meat pie, a leg apple, grated carrots, and coconut,

them in airtight plastic bags. Plastic of chicken, some candy Easter eggs slightly moistened with salad dresspill bottles are excellent containers all add up to the thought, "Someing.

for olives, pickles, and relishes, one really cares for me."10. Cream cheese, finely chopped

since there will be no leak. Nuts green pepper, chopped pimiento,

and dried fruits such as raisins, Tioo Dozen and Two Sandwiches minced parsley, mayonnaise on thin apples, prunes, and apricots are a at Their Best slices of pumpernickel bread.

nutritious addition to any noontime 11. Deviled ham, diced celery

meal. 1. Two thin slices of corned beef moistened with chili sauce.

Every lunch should contain fresh put together with horseradish on 12. Cream cheese, grated orange

fruit. "An apple a day helps diwhole wheat bread. peel, chopped nuts, and a little

minish that tooth decay"; a peach, 2. White bread spread with butorange juice to moisten.

pear, or banana will all help fill a ter, two thin slices of roast veal 13. Finely shredded cabbage,

part of our basic daily food needs with slices of apple in between. finely chopped onion, chili sauce,

plus add a delicious ending to the 3. Thin white bread spread with and ground ham on rye bread.

lunch. Graham crackers put tomayonnaise butter topped with 14. Hamburger buns spread with

gether with a butter frosting are thin slices of chicken and slices of mayonnaise, then with deviled ham, good for the dessert. Gooey, soft cucumber-, seasoned with salt and topped with a tomato slice and a

cakes are hard to carry, but a cuppepper. thin slice of cheddar cheese.

cake cut in half and the top frosting 4. Ground baked ham mixed 15. Wiener bun spread with a

turned upside down onto the cake with mashed baked beans and mixture of tuna fish, finely chopped is easy to wrap and carry. A moistened with mayonnaise. hardcooked egg, chopped olives,

secondgrader will think he has 5. Crisp bacon bits, minced minced onion, and green pepper

dined on ambrosia if a piece of onion, chopped celery, mashed moistened with mayonnaise.

specially wrapped chocolate coin baked beans on whole wheat toast. 16. English muffin spread with a

candy is found in the very bottom 6. Grated carrot, hard cooked mixture of ground cooked ham,

of his sack. The surprise element egg, chopped peanuts moistened chopped green pepper, and

is important. It is easy to get into a with salad dressing spread on chopped onion, seasoned with

deep rut when preparing sack brown bread. Worcestershire sauce, celery seed,

lunches. Use your ingenuity; cele- 7. Drained cottage cheese, prepared mustard, and moistened

brate each special occasion with a chopped green pepper, minced with mayonnaise.

surprise. Heartshaped cookies, a onion, chopped celery slightly 17. Whole wheat bread spread

piece of cheese molded to look like moistened with mayonnaise. Good with softened butter and the fol-

a tiny pumpkin, a gingerbread man, on rye bread. lowing mixture: crunchy style pea-

a sugar bell, four or five straw- 8. Peanut butter mixed with nut butter, crisp bacon, finely

berries in January, a hardcooked chopped dates and grated orange minced apple, moistened with a egg with a message written on the peel and moistened with salad little applesauce.

shell, a personal note of "I love dressing. ( Continued on following page )

SEPTEMBER 1965 817.

(Continued from preceding page) Cream the butter and sugar together. Beat in the egg. Add the,

18. White enriched bread spread soda to the applesauce and add

with a mixture of tuna, sliced alternately with the flour, baking stuffed olives, grated onion, dash powder, and salt. Add the other

pepper, lemon juice, and moistened ingredients and beat for 1 minute.

with mayonnaise. Bake in loaf pan for about one hour

19. Whole wheat bread spread at 350 degrees F.

with a mixture of hardcooked eggs finely chopped, prepared mustard, Date Graham Drops chopped sweet pickle, chopped % cup butter or margarine parsley, minced onion, moistened 1 cup dark brown sugar with salad dressing. Vz cup white sugar

20. Rye bread spread with equal 2 eggs

Prices parts of salmon and avocado mashed 2 cups white flour are LOW together, chopped celery, and may- 1 cup graham flour onnaise. 1 teaspoon soda in Idaho 21. Whole wheat bread spread Vz teaspoon baking powder

a mixture cheese with of cream and Vz salt teaspoon all L.D.S. styles include temple 50 Some crisped moistchipped beef and 1 in teaspoon grated lemon rind parchments. designs white and latest

Matching Mormon albums, napkins, other ened with horseradish, Worcester- 1 teaspoon grated orange rind accessories. One day rush order service. shire sauce, and enough cream for 2 teaspoons vanilla

spreading. 1 cup chopped dates

22. Pumpernickel bread spread 1 cup chopped walnuts

with a mixture of drained sardines

Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded mashed with an equal amount of Cream the butter and the sugar toon first order. (50c if air mail desired.) chopped hardcooked egg and gether, add the eggs, and beat until

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 moistened with lemon juice and light. Sift the dry ingredients toName - mayonnaise. gether and add to the first mix23. spread with bread Nut 1 ture. the orange and lemon Add Address

Vz into small cup mashed banana vanilla, rind, dates. batIf the and

juice butter, a little City, Zone, State - peanut lemon consistency, ter is of not drop a add added, and sprinkled with pow- a little hot water. Beat for 3 mindered sugar. utes until the dates are thoroughly

24. Herb bread: drain and mash blended in. Fold in the nuts. Bake

Your kitchen stays tuna and add drained, chopped at 375 degrees F. until slightly

cleaner when you mustard pickle and blend with a browned.

small amount of mayonnaise.

25. Whole wheat bread spread Fruited Cookies (moist, keep well)

with 1 cup mashed salmon to 1 cup butter or margarine which has been added chopped cuV2 cup granulated sugar cumber and mayonnaise seasoned 1 cup brown sugar with horseradish to moisten. Water- 2 eggs

cress is good with this. 4 cups sifted flour

slices of pumpernickel 26. Thin 1 teaspoon baking powder

with spread ELECTRIC bread this cheese 1 salt teaspoon

Nothing is cleaner spread: 1 stick butter, 1 teaspoon 1 teaspoon soda

paprika, onion, grated V2 teaspoon Vfo cups chopped walnuts cheese. grated 1 cup than a kilowatt—no and Parmesan 1 cup coconut

products of combusThis sandwich is good with a 1 large can fruit cocktail chicken drumstick. 1 tablespoon grated orange peel

2 teaspoons vanilla Orange Applesauce Bread 2 tablespoons butter Drain the fruit cocktail, reserving 1 egg the syrup. Cream the butter, sugar,

% cup sugar eggs, and vanilla until fluffy. Sift

1 teaspoon baking powder together the dry ingredients; add

1 teaspoon salt alternately with % cup of the re- 2 cups flour served syrup. Stir in the nuts,

V2 teaspoon soda orange peel, coconut, and fruit cocktail. applesauce 1 cup teaspoon from a Drop onSee the smart new of sheet. at a greased cookie Rind one orange to Bake

electric range models 2 tablespoons orange juice 375 degrees F. for about 10 minutes

at your dealer's now. 1 teaspoon vanilla or until cooked. Makes from 80 to

1 cup nuts 90 cookies.

If it's electric, it's better!

UTAH POWER I LIGHT COMPANY

818 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wonder what to serve when you have friends in?

Why not tryPostum?

FIND THE REASON FOR POOR MARKS

BY BLANCHE CAMPBELL

When your child brings home a who was normal in all respects can report card of low grades, don't develop a bodily disorder a few lose your temper and punish him months later. That is why physical

for his failure. This is not the way checkups are so important. And if

to cope intelligently with this probpoor health is the cause of poor lem. This is not the time to punish marks, correcting physical handithe child. Reprimanding the teacher caps will help correct marks.

will not help, either. But don't stop justbecause you

When the child has formerly don't find anything physically done well, the wise parent will look wrong. Maybe it is a mental rather

for the reason behind the failure than a physical disturbance. The

before he blames, criticizes, punchild may feel neglected. Tension

ishes, or ridicules. among grownups may cause him

Pay a visit to his teacher when to feel an anxiety, fear, jealousy, she can conveniently spend some worry, or a sense of insecurity.

time with you. Be sure your attiWhatever the cause it must be retude is all that it should be when moved.

you call on her. Show her that vou If the child is old enough, diswant to cooperate with her in helpcuss with him causes and remedies

ing your child improve his grades. for what is affecting his work.

Sometimes it is hard for a parent Sometimes children fail when you to see his child as other people see expect too much of them. Ralph

him. But for his sake you must look was such a case. He was thirteen Flavorful, hearty Postum

at him as objectively and unemoand a student in junior high school. just naturally encourages

tionally as possible. You will find He was "getting by"in most of his good talk among friends.

that his teacher can help you in studies but failing consistently in finding out the reason behind the mathematics. His teacher had tried Made with pure,

poor marks. Remember that she helping him after school, and he energyfood ingredients

has had wide experience with chilhad doubled up on home study, and no caffein, dren. And during school hours she but in spite of it all he kept failing. Postum gives you a natural lift.

learns very much about each child. A special test had previously You can drink all you like.

In many cases she may be able to shown that Ralph had a very high If you haven't tried tell in rating general intelligence. you what is wrong immediately. A Instant Postum lately, children, like plants, physical examination ruled out eye, Sometimes

develop unevenly. When this is the ear, and other physical defects. you're missing a satisfying,

case, the child may make poor There simply was no apparent bracing drink.

marks for a while, but he soon picks reason that Ralph should fail You'll enjoy its natural lift.

up and makes his normal rate of mathematics or any other subject.

progress. The next step was to look for The Natural Lift

Or again, a child's grades may some emotional disturbance. In this Send name and address

itslip of his health. that Ralph's because found was It may case

his father hearing. sight or Children's that forfree Postum recipes to: verybe determined was

bodies change rapidly, and a child his son would be "smart"and parPostum Recipes,

Box 1040, Kankakee, Illinois.

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corporation.

SEPTEMBER 196S 819 ticularly shine in mathematics. He

was anxious for his son to get ahead in life, and he believed that if a boy were sharp in arithmetic, he would have no trouble in any profession or business he might wish to go into.

He was so overanxious for his son to get ahead that he stood over the boy and pounded math into his head. He even went so far that he

had a ruler in his hand and struck the boy over the knuckles every time he couldn't answer quickly 100% PROFIT enough. $60.00NOCASHINVESTMENTevery time 10 members of your This developed intense fear in

KitchenFresh of sell 12 cans each group ChocRalph regarding his father. And

olettes at $1.00 per can. or Coconettes

100% PROFIT! The onelb. size canisters cost whenever he tried to study math,

each—sell EVEN forIc! Order$1.00! 120 in school or out, the fears and tenyourNO INVESTMENT!group only 50cNOT

to 1200 cans today. Take up to 30 days to send sions took hold, and the emotion

title, payment. Give your name, phone number etc. blocked his thinking power. This address, the address, and complete name,

of 2nd officer, name of group, quantity of each was explained to both father and desired, and sent post). Extras nearestFREEFreightto coverofficeshipping(no parcelcost son. The father had no intention

eastONLY!of Rockies.WRITE OFFERTODAY!OPEN TO GROUPS heof makingrealizedit thathard hefor washis son.the Whencause HOME, SWEET HOME

VERNE COLLIER ofsensethe toproblem,back outhe andhad leavethe goodthe make Justaforbatchfun ofandthetogethernesssmoothest, mostlet's teaching of math to the schools. In velvety, most delicious fudge you

Dept. 5-18 a short time he was really gratified, have ever tasted. Fifteen minutes

900 North 19th Street for Ralph was bringing home the before the family hour begins, | BIRAfBIRMINGHAM 3, VIA J kind of grades that he should have make this easy fudge. All you need

earning. beenn ALABAMAn No matter how intelligent he is, isandwater,a few sugar,nuts, if chocolate,desired. Afterbutter,it is

any child who holds an intense cooked to a soft ball stage, quickly fear of his parents or teachers will pour it on a buttered slab of marble have trouble with school subjects or onto a large buttered platter.

or will develop behavior problems. Let it stand to cool while you have

Promise of reward is a better your family hour lesson. Then let

Wedding thanstimulationpunishment.towardButimprovementwhen you eachturns memberbeating ofuntilthe itfamilyformstakea

Announcements use this method to achieve better creamy fudge. Mold it into'four

marks, it is wise to remember that slim rolls, cut in pieces, and enjoy.

if you offer your child his heart's desire if he gets all A's, he may feel VELVETY FUDGE

PRINTERS tempted to cheat to attain it or

Creators of Fine Wedding Stationery overwork himself. Instead, make 4 cups sugar

the reward for real effort and 2 cups water steady improvement and not for V4 pound butter quality crafted high marks alone. 2 squares bitter chocolate

fails because he is two day service When a child as rapidly mentally not developing butter the the chocolate and Add save up to 50% children as other in his group and water. boiling to the to a boil Bring

this is repeat stir- a grade, must gradually, the sugar not and add North Illustrated 155 100 Send East he 25< 1 Provo, Catalog Actual andfor Samples Dept. the him. time to reprimand dissolve. ring to boil The Cover pan and

of with Refunded order "Home BYU"Utah wise parent will swallow his pride again; uncover and boil without

and show the child by his attitude stirring to soft ball stage. Wipe

that he does understand. This down the sides of the pan from

keeps the child from becoming time to time. When the syrup

discouraged and from feeling inreaches the soft ball stage, no ferior. And when he knows that his harder, pour it out on a cold slab

parents and his teachers are on his and cool to room temperature. Beat

side, helping all they can, he will and add nuts and vanilla. Mold to

JEWELRY CO. give his very best efforts, which is, form 4 slim rolls. Wrap in wax

42 WEST 2ND. SOUTH DA 2-1039 after all, what a parent should paper and aluminum foil to store.

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH expect from a child. FBP

INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER

820 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

This I Believe my responsibility as a Latterday (Continued from page 815) Saint to share this gospel with all people I come in contact with.

that our Heavenly Father, out of There are no other people on earth his love for his children, has protoday with the authority to act in vided a way for loved ones to be the name of the Lord. How won-

"one in flesh and spirit"in the life derful it is to know that there is a to come. living prophet upon the earth to-

I believe that God has a great day and that the heavens are plan of redemption for the house opened again in this last great of Israel. As a member of the dispensation.

Yovail Dancers of Pasadena Stake, I am thankful to my Heavenly a seed of love for our brothers was Father for the growing testimony planted firmly in my heart. I am that has been given to me through

thankful to my stake for sponsoring the Holy Spirit. I now understand

and providing inspiring leadership why the gospel had a familiar ring, for the Yovail project. I am thankas if I had heard it somewhere |P| ful to my Heavenly Father for the before actually hearing it. I now

great kindred spirit I've developed have greater insight into the toward our brothers, the LamanSavior's words when he said, "My ites and the descendants of Judah. sheep hear my voice,..."(John BENSON'S REVEALS

I now have a greater insight into 10:27.)

OF

F

Last year men and women in 4502 club sold groups a over million of these delicious rippled had murmur through ASaba cakes. Free Slices Sample (provided Benby class at visitor's the the remark, page from 779 ( Continued son's) sell. helped Eight them out of ten who the instructor wisely and acknowl-

a tasted sample a cake. bought Clubs raised labors,the pains of the and the bishop, the edged who kindly to refrom for each $50 $4,292 good causes.

Jews, and their diligence unto me, plied, "I think you may be a little This fall, sell Benson's!

in bringing forth salvation unto confused on Israelite history, Mr.

BEST THE CAKE Gentiles?'the Nephi 29:4.) In Wirick. (2 Let readme help you by

Prize choice fruits and paperaddition to the Bible, the indiscriptural ing the of account shell pecans;recipe—75% Jo25% batter. rich poundcake

vidual achievements of a composer seph's reunion with his brothers in It's sliced.

—moistureprooflike Mendelssohn, a statesman like the land of Egypt. 'And Joseph wrappingBeautifully—reusablepackaged containers.

Disraeli, and a scientist like Einsaid unto his brethren, Come near Delicious—acclaimed in every state as

best! the realize tostein make I pray me, you. me they how much came And

Unconditionally guaranteed to satisfytalent the people Jewish near. said, have he every Joseph And customer. I am

thegiven world."brother, your sold ye whom into THE BEST PROGRAM rabbi The had difficulty Egypt.'conProved profitable—in 19,502 successful

fundraising hiscealing surprise campaigns. a at such therefore grieved, be not 'Now

favorable answer. nor angry with yourselves, that ye seller.$1.00 profit per cake—-on 3-Pound Maininstructor continued, The sold "You for did send Bonus me hither: initial God free cakes on shipPlan—

ment.sir, near the front, I believe life. before to preserve you you me

Free selling sample slices to help make next."were sent 'And sale. the before God you me

It was a tall, dignifiedlooking to preserve you a posterity in the Eyecatching sales aids—free.

man with gray hair. "My name is earth, and to save your lives by a FreightNo initialprepaid.investment.

I'd Wirick.Robert like to enter great deliverance.

thisinto particular discussion. 'So now it was not you that nity,Sold schoolexclusivelyand churchthroughgroups.civic,- commu-

"It's firm belief that the sent my but God: and he me hither, For complete information and a sample

to send a talent hereditary for haveJews father to Pharaoh, hath made me a business that goes all the way back and lord of all his house, and a to Judah when he suggested selling ruler throughout all the land of BENSON'S OLD HOME FRUIT CAKE his brother Joseph into slavery."Egypt.'"(Gen. 45:4-5, 7-8.) ATHENS,P.O. BOX GEORGIA1432JJ

Ruth looked at her husband. He, As the bishop sat down, Jon

Yes, pleasein turn, the "allknowing"watched at looked it his grandfather, and Sliced Old rushHomemeFruita sampleCake ofandBenson'smore information.smile his appear on turn Jon's grandfather's was rabbi to smile. The

face, and suddenly thought of a was definitely confused. He hadn't Name.

certain very lean Book of Rememexpected the defense, and it had brance. He realized that the imbeen done so well and with such Address.

mediate fate of his ancestors might kindness that no one's feelings City.State. -Zip well be decided in this classroom. were hurt. Name of Organization.

Position in Organization.

SEPTEMBER 1965 821.

The instructor again recognized BISHOPS! Stake Presidents, Home Owners

the vigorously waving hand now

Wirick. you say of Mr. may and Commercial Firms Too! "What

be true, Bishop, but all of the Jews

I've ever known really take over no FUTURUS go."they matter where Flooring that outwears any perspiration A NEW of Small beads

started to condense on Jon's upper carpet or tile indoors or outdoors lip.

Another class member was recognized. It was Ralph McEntyre,

a brisk, concise, scholarly young

MD. Biblical history was Brother

McEntyre's hobby. He opened the

small black looseleaf he always carried and addressed the class:

A new book by Roy Doxey "Mr. Wirick has just brought up a

ZION IN THE LAST DAYS very interesting point regarding 3 Year Guarantee the Hebrews. However, before we

In this inspiring little volume Professor Roy go any further perhaps we should Unique Safety for the Halls, Stairways, Religion of of Nurseries, the Faculty of Doxey clearly define exactly who and Chapels, Fonts, and Offices. Classrooms prophexplores University Young Brigham really is."what a Hebrew

ecies relating to the building of a Holy Jon thought he detected a slight Protection from

City by the Latterday Saints before the trace of humor in Brother McWater, Snow, Heat, Cold, Gravel, and second coming of Jesus Christ. Paper back. Entyre's voice, but the man's exHeavy Foot Traffic Cannot Harm It

$1.25 pression remained unchanged. Distributorships Available

"The name 'Hebrew'comes from For Free Samples Write to

OLYMPUS PUBLISHING the Hebrew word ibri (pro- 'ivree'), combines which nounced COMPANY 'eber'root the prepositional with FUTURUS, INC. Sugar House Station Box 6137,

suffix Salt Lake City, Utah 84106 the thereby forming T a Upland,1076Calif.W. Ninth- (714)Street9825563

referfirst scriptural noun. 8 The

ence to the word 'Hebrew'occurs in Genesis 10:21 wherein the name

to to 'Eber'used apparently was Welcome A GREAT CHURCH the identify region occupied by one ofSLC's descended people who places the finer from LIBRARY his greatgrandson through Shem to stay

TEMPLE SQUARE Eber. In Numbers 24:24 'Eber'can be assembled by "binding"

again appears as the name of a regularly your copies of place. "Since we are discussing people THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and not places, let's examine the They can be conveniently and inof the Eber, genealogy man whom Dining Shops Rooms Modern as you re- "bound"expensively * Airand *Coffee critics alike scholars and Television Double* $8 Rati. Sinfllei up conditioned00 $6.00 up Twin* M 0.00 u biblical ceive in an Improvement them,

collect Reservation! B0l>5?1-2405accepted TVetype father the of agree was eponymous Era binder.

the in Genesis: Hebrews. We find

generations of Beautifully and strongly conare the 'These

Shem: Shem was an hundred years structed with handsome heavy red

old, and begat Arphaxad two years Fabricoid cover. Stamped in gold

after the flood: and large enough to hold 12 isAlio free parking at any Grant Auto Pork in town. 'And Arphaxad lived five and sues of more than 1,000 pages,

thirty years, and begat Salah: plus an index.

'And Salah lived thirty years Price is only

little in Genesis, further on 14. ) A ENGLISH?SHAMED by your and begat Eber.'(Gen. 11:10, 12, $2.50 available, index a 1964 and now greatgreat- the (Abraham) Abram quickly can you the overcome Now emis FREE! binder a Such included barrassment and discouragement caused by is specifically of grandson Eber

I. English. the poor With Method new C. library for every is a ward MUST referred to as the in Hebrew.'stop English, 'Abram can mistakes making you

build vocabulary, your your speed up read- (See ibid., 14:13.) Abraham had and most desirable for every like ing, learn write to a college speak and

in graduate. only a 15 minutes Takes day home. Isaac, and Jacob, Isaac had whom

little! in off selfCosts Pays your own home. Order now from Israel. the recognition, called greater confidence, higher pay. Lord posThe

for booklets. Free Send 2 them today! terity of Jacob's twelve sons were The Improvement

to include sure zip code.) your (Be

Don Bolander, Career Institute referred to as Israelites; however,

Illinois E. 170-H, Chicago, Dept. 30 Adams, 60603 the first book of Samuel also

English. booklets on your mai I Please 2 FREE me% 79 South State Street

Name Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Address

City State.Zip.

822 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA clearly designates them as Hebrews. (See 1 Sam. 4:5-6, 13:3-4.)

"Undoubtedly Judah and his posterity, the Jews, are Hebrews, but what about Israel's son, Joseph? Genesis records two separate

occasions wherein Potiphar's wife referred to Joseph as a Hebrew (see Gen. 39:14, 17), and Pharaoh's This little wheel

to thebutler described Joseph ruler can make a big difference in there as follows: 'Andof Egypt

was there with us a young man, an how well you hear on the phone captain to the servantHebrew, of Have trouble hearing? Turn the thumboperated told him, andthe guard; and we

he interpreted to us our dreams; to wheel on the VOLUME CONTROL HANDeach man according to his dream SET and hear the difference. You "tune up"

he did interpret.'(Ibid., 41:12.) phone voices just as you do a radio. You canJoseph, the Hebrew, had two wellhave VOLUME CONTROL HANDSETS—in

cost. Just callknown sons, Ephraim and Manascolors—for only a small added

seh. By a show of hands, how our Business Office.

many members of the class are of the tribe of Ephraim?"

Almost everyone in the class Mountain States Telephone raised his hand. With an enServing You

gaging sparkle of fun in his eyes,

Brother McEntyre turned towards the visitor. "Mr. Wirick, all of

these people with their hands up it's a fide Hebrews.are bona Now TWO GREAT TOURS!

so can't lick us, thatcinch you why

With W. Cleon Skousen as Your Guidenot join us?"*z*l

Some chuckled and some smiled. 1. Book Of Mormon Lands Tour Departs Salt Lake City January 14, 1966

Yehonatan ceased to perspire, but 16 exciting days!

now his mother was deeply conMexico City, Ancient Aztec Ruins, Guatemala, Mayan Villages, and cerned. One look at the rabbi's many thrilling sights!

these she Morface and knew that

It 2. South America Tour Departs Mexico City January 29, 1966 seriously him. shaken hadmons

would have been bad enough if 26Rio sunsplashedde Janeiro, SaodaysPaulo,in SouthernMontevideo,HemisphereBuenos Summer!Aires, Santiago, Lima

those responsible were famous and other fabulous places!

theologians, biblical scholars, or See ancient and modern South America in one breathtaking sweep!

masters of the Torah. But to find

such understanding among dairy farmers, medical doctors, garage MURDOCX14 South MainTRAVELSt.,INC.,Salt lake City, Utah, Phone: 3283161

mechanics, and building conGentlemen: please send me full particulars on the following tours:

tractors was inconceivable! (1) Book of Mormon Lands with W. Cleon Skousen

Rabbi Green was disturbingly (2) South America with W. Cleon Skousen

aware that he had just heard a discourse on what every faithful Name follower of Judaism should know. Address..

difficult for underhim toMost City State Zip.. Christians thesestand was why

would deliberately seek to relate themselves to the Jews when the very connotation usually meant nothing but trouble.

Mr. Wirick temporarily seemed RAISE FUNDS FAST!

to have lost his enthusiasm and sat Sell GOLDEN QUESTION Pens very quietly as another class memFASHION CONSULTANTS

These guaranteed quality topber read from Isaiah: "And he LDS WANTED IN ALL STAKES pens have brought quick funds

to setshall for many and the Quorums naan ensign Ward up is Lingerie Holiday sell groups. for pens $100. shalltions, the outassemble and Cost $49. ship prepaid and prebeing 100We now

30 for payment. dayscasts together gather of Israel, and sented. Lee? allow Gay

sales information on Complete displays the elethe dispersed the from of Judah first order.

four corners of the earth. gance of modesty.

"The envy also of Ephraim shall 2511 S. West Temple, S. L. C, Utah THOMAS and PALMER CO.

2040 East 3620 South Salt Lake City, Utah 84109

SEPTEMBER 1965 823 depart, and the adversaries of JuIs it actually possible that the stalGreen, yarmulke on head, was dah shall be cut off: Ephraim shall wart ox of Ephraim stands slumbering peacefully with his

not envy Judah, and Judah shall emblazoned upon their shields? face resting on an open book. Jon

not vex Ephraim."(Isa. 11:1213.) And if these great souls are but the stepped forward to wake his grandSomething just spoken suddenly followers, what must their leader father, then abruptly stopped.

brought Mr. Wirick back to life. be like?"The rabbi was afraid to Lying open on the floor was the

Without waiting to be called upon, answer his own heart, and yet he book of Hebrew prose.

he stood and challenged the group. prayed that the impressions of this Jon paused for a long moment,

"I don't know where you folks are moment would never end—"Please then picked up the book, and at

getting your scriptures from, but I don't let this be but the slanted last knew the secret of the torn used to live in a Jewish neighbordreams of an old man, please."and mended page. Written in

hood, and I know these people far As the reality of the classroom biblical Hebrew was an old Jewish better than you do. Why, if misslowly returned into focus, the inpoet's tragic lament devastatingly

sionaries ever convert them in structor was speaking: "I'm sorry, uncovering questions that had

large numbers, they'll take over but I haven't asked if we have been buried deep in every Jewish the Mormon Church!"any visitors."Jon stood. "I would heart since the destruction of Jeru-

"Just a minute, please."Brother like my grandfather to introduce salem': "Am I made of iron? Is my

Ulrich, apparently tempered with himself to the class."flesh made of steel to bear this

a bit of righteous indignation, was The gentleman took hold of his burden? I am weary of exile and

as Wirick, standing. "Mr.now a BOYS OR GIRLS slavery.nations treadI ammetireddownof onlettingall sides.the Christian, it seems youfellow may JACOBSON BY ETHEL

have forgotten something. For the When they jeer at me, 'Where now

benefit of us all, I would like to Little boys is the Rock of your salvation? Why

read a very enlightening passage Are squirmy as eels. does He not stretch out His arm to

of scripture."Opening his Bible. Little girls support you?'I want to hide my

he quickly turned to the verse, and Are all giggles and squeals. face in the earth."10

with his slight German accent, Boys are marbles, Until the rabbi could answer the tracks; Dogs, muddy his didn't questions, poet's he want read:meaningfully when "Now

Girls are teaspoons, to children them. hear of in Bethlehem bornJesus was

jacks. clothes, Doll his gently tears eyes in With Jon the of in the days HerodJudaea

is the thing Here floor the laid the onto back book there wiseking, behold, came men girls: boys and About it, sudas then and found he had to east Jerusalem, thefrom

all are cowlicks, Boys realized that something denly had is is that he "Saying, Where born King of the Jews? for we have Girls are all curls. happened here. Why was the

seen his star in the east, and are grandson's helping hand, pulled rabbi's cherished book of prose come to worship him."(Matt. 2: himself erect, and proudly stated, lying carelessly on the floor, and

1-2.) "I am Rabbi Mordecai Green of what volume possibly could have

As Brother Ulrich finished readCongregation B'nai Yehudah."9 taken its place in the desk? Siing, he looked up and goodThe bell rang, a prayer was offered, lently Jon moved closer. Saba's

naturedly added: "Mr. Wirick, and the lesson was over. sleeping head covered all except a

apparently your warning is about It had been a good Sabbath, and corner of the new book, but that two thousand years too late."Jon's family retired early. Had the exposed corner told Jon that his

The "brothers and sisters"of depth of their slumber been less, grandfather need never again hesiYehonatan Green had stood up perhaps they would have heard tate at the soulful cry of the poet, and been counted. the restless movements of the rabbi for on the open page of the book

Rabbi Green was thoroughly as he quietly pondered over what one could clearly and unmistakstunned. Not even in the utterhad just been the strangest day in ably make out the words: "I, Nephi,

born of goodly parbeen life, later, of his imagination his the having depths most and then much."ents,.. of a fainter conceived intensely ever have of his could he even sound

situation like this. "Who are the humble prayers. They might have FOOTNOTES

Mormons? What kind of Chriswitnessed the transformation of a 'Small skullcap worn indoors by Orthotians are these who defiantly raise man—the look of astonishment in dox2Creedand Conservativeof Maimonides—bestJewish males.known

their ensign against the prejudice his eyes as he arose from his knees; creedal outline of Orthodox Jewish beliefs.

of centuries, to rest unwavering at then his spirit suddenly awakened 3The "Law"—consisting of Genesis,

the right side of the lioncrested and hungry, fighting off the darkExodus, Leviticus, Numbers, and Deustandard of Judah? Who are these ness of erroneous tradition, to teronomy.*"Ouch."

noble warriors? By the sword of finally emerge weary but trium- "Hebrew noun meaning gentile or nontheir voice they have put to flight phant into the brilliance of day. Jewish.

postfuneral A conservice mourning bitterness millennia, the It time, breakfast and of two and was past for also ducted for the dead, those and they within his have kindled rabbi the not yet had my breast made thenceforth are from to considwho be warm fires. appearance. Sarah became worried. ered as dead.

"What's happening to me? Jon, sensing his mother's anxiety, 7Jewish women's auxiliary organization.

Encyclopedia. Jewish The strangers, are people These and quietly the guest invaded room and DSons of Judah.

yet are pecuthem! at tenderly They couldn't help smiling I know Benjamin ben Zerah, medieval 10By

liar, and yet I understand them! what he saw. Rabbi Mordecai Jewish poet.

824 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i<

John 14:21.

ERA OFSeptember YOUTH1965 Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

One of the glorious promises made by Christ to his people shortly before his crucifixion is recorded in John 14:21. This verse, particularly appropriate to the needs of our time and generation,

has been chosen as our MIA theme for the coming year. Read again the promise:

"... he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will manifest

myself to him."

The Savior explained how we may show our love for him: 'He that hath my commandments, and

keepeth them, he it is that loveth me."(Idem.) He also said, "If ye love me, keep my commandments."

(V. 5.) There are some appropriate questions young people sometimes ask about God's commandments and their responsibility to obey them. Consider these

WHY BE OBEDIENT? BY PRESIDENT MARION D. HANKS

WHATARE THE COMMANDMENTS OF GOD?

The ten commandments of Sinai are familiar to all of us. Read them again (and often) in Exodus

chapter 20 or Deuteronomy chapter 5. Jesus repeated them in summary for the rich young man

(Matt. 18:1621), and answered the lawyer's challenging questions as the "great commandment"

with his masterful declaration "... Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with

all thy mind.

"This is the first and great commandment.

"And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.

"On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets."(See Matt. 22:3540.)

826 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Other wonderful restatements of the commandments are found in the Book of Mormon (Mosiah 13:1224) and the Doctrine and Covenants (59:5-13).

We are commanded to obey the "first principles"of the gospel (D&C 33:1014), to live wholesomely and righteously, to endure with stedfastness in Christ, having "... hope, and a love of God

and of all men"(2 Nephi 31:1721), to pay our tithes and offerings, to give and serve and share. To

"have"God's commandments, we must learn and understand them. This is our sacred responsibility.

ARE NOT GOD'S LAWS TOO RESTRICTIVE, TOO NEGATIVE?

God's commandments do set some plain boundaries. But they are more than limitations—they

are meant to be lamps unto our feet. They light the paths where we should walk to true happiness

and eternal salvation. All of us need direction and instruction, and occasional reproof:

"For the commandment is a lamp; and the law is light; and reproofs of instruction are the

way of life:"(Prov. 6:23.)

The Apostle Paul finished a summary of the commandments with a wonderful, affirmative challenge:

"... and if there be any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying,

namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself."(Rom. 13:9.)

WHAT IF WE IGNORE OR DISOBEY THE COMMANDMENTS?

In one notable example, it is written that the sinner "... lacketh understanding: he that doeth it destroyeth his own soul.

"A wound and dishonour shall he get; and his reproach shall not be wiped away."(Prov.

6:3233.) The Book of Mormon teaches us that "wickedness never was happiness"(Alma 41:10) and that he

that "doeth iniquity, doeth it unto himself."(Helaman 14:30.)

Sorrowfully, the blessing we might have had is lost to us if we sin and do not repent, and even the gracious pardon of our Lord to the repentant sinner will not recapture wasted opportunities for service and sharing and learning.

WHAT IS THE RESULT OF OBEDIENCE TO GOD'S COMMANDMENTS?

Christ's promise is that we may be assured of his love and the love of our Father, and that he will manifest himself to us. There can never be anything more important than this. Perhaps no one has

better described the effects of obedience than did Paul when he wrote to his young friend and brother

Timothy "Now the end of the commandment is charity out of a pure heart, and of a good conscience, and of faith unfeigned:"(1 Tim. 1:5.)

Consider these promises carefully

A Good Conscience: To feel right with oneself.

Charity out of a Pure Heart: To be genuinely concerned for others... to care, to serve, to

give, to love. Good conscience leads to such unselfish interest in others, and to

Faith Unfeigned: To truly trust in God and in the fulfilment of his purposes for us.

For this mortal life and its complexities, there are no more significant blessings than these, none to be more desired. And all of them have eternal implications, the quality of carryover. Add to them

one other of the sweetest promises of the Lord, and the case for obedience is wonderfully clear "... let virtue garnish thy thoughts unceasingly; then shall thy confidence wax strong in

the presence of God,..."(D&C 121:45.)

SEPTEMBER 1965 827 M

LDS YOUTH TAKE A LOOK AT THE 10 COMBY ELAINE CANNON

To strengthen the testimony within me, to assure for my future a way of life that will bring me the fullest joy, the greatest beauties, the highest achievements, the most noble service, this then will I do:

STm "] I shall not make unto me &"%*aaH any graven image to bow * &* down before. I shall seek

first the kingdom of heaven, knowing full well that then all other things shall be added unto me. I

shall keep close to Him always, that

I shall have no other I may be guided in the happy way gods before Him. I shall of righteous living.

love the Lord my God with all my heart, might, mind, and strength.

shall not kill. Neither

shall I harm nor in any mlother way seek revenge.

Only kindness and tolerance will I show my enemy, as well as my friend. For love and understanding

bring their own reward.

shall not commit adultery. My body is my MItemple, the safeguard of

my eternal spirit. It is my most precious possession, and I shall earnestly and consistently treat it so.

physically, clean I shall as always be I shall father honor JB my mi I spiritually as mentally, and know that mother my mY nUtt j and I that be worthy how, someday may - the be long days on may—Lord. of temple our the entering of us. land the given unto hath Lord To

them who gave me this opportunity for living shall go my sweetest efforts, my dearest thoughts, my most grateful behavior. I shall love them

as I know they love me.

ANDMEMTS IN TERMS OF OWN EXPERIENCE

,r I shall remember the Sabbath day and keep it holy.

In six days the Lord made J heaven, earth, and sea. On the

I shall not take the name seventh he rested and blessed the of the Lord in vain, for Sabbath day and made it holy. What

the Lord will not hold is holy in the sight of my God shall me guiltless should I do so. Nor will be holy in my eyes, too. This day I

any unclean, blasphemous word fall shall renew my covenants, lift my from my tongue, but my language eyes heavenward, strengthen my shall be clean and wholesome. spirit for the days ahead.

c// WT a "I shall not bear false wit- V R-Jlj H ness. I shall deal honestly

WT* - with my fellowmen and myself. No man is perfect, least of

all me. I shall not cast the first stone,

but seek to understand the weaknesses of others—as I would have

them understand mine.

J L I shall not steal. Not even

an idea that is not mine I shall not covet anything will I claim for my own. that is my neighbor's.

I shall remember that I can't hide Each has his treasures.

anything from my God, whose eyes Each has his cross to bear. I shall

are always upon me. My joy shall count my blessings, which indeed

come only from that which is rightare many, and be happy in the joy fully mine. of others.

This then shall I do with the help of my Father in heaven and a determined effort on my own part to live the best, be the best it is within my power to accomplish. May God give me

the strength to do so.

VERN W. CALL, director

DEPARTMENT OF PUPIL PERSONNEL OGDEN CITY SCHOOLS

Many of the students who drop out of Utah's high schools come through my office on their way out. These boys and girls who have passed up the three R's were recently described by a pamphlet distributed by the Field Enterprises Educational Corporation as "The Three U's... Unschooled,

Unskilled, Unemployed."My experience with hundreds of these young people over the past few years

prompts me to add a fourth "U"—Unhappy.

Thousands of words and scores of books and articles have been written attempting to describe the dropout. Often these descriptions are in direct contradiction to each other; for example: Some of the

big metropolitan areas have large centers of slums which produce a certain picture of the dropout as being "the tough knifewielding kid from the minority group."As we come to understand the problem more clearly, however, we see the dropout as being not too much different from the "stayin."

His intelligence ranges from very low to very high, with the majority about average. His home

seems to be about as stable as the usual home in that the parents are usually married, living together, and own their own home.

The dropout differs in that he rarely participates with other students in extracurricular activities and is seldom active in his church. Although the dropouts are difficult to classify and describe,

in nearly every case the student on his way out of school is, in his heart, unhappy—unhappy with

the school, unhappy with his community, unhappy with his fellow students, unhappy with his church, and extremely unhappy with himself. Sydney J. Harris has stated, "Most of the disappointments of

later life could be lightened immeasurably if we could learn—and truly believe—early in life that

what we confusedly call 'happiness'is a direction and not a place."

The tragedy of the dropout is that his actions often create a vicious cycle that is very difficult to break. His unhappiness with himself and others causes him either to withdraw from or to strike out

at society. Society then further rejects the dropout, causing more unhappiness. Too often students

THE GOAL OF EVERY

LATTERDAY SAINT YOUTH SHOULD BE THE FIVE DS WHICH WHEN OBTAINED ASSURE SATISFACTION AND, DEPENDABLE \N *c HAPPINESS DETERMINED IN

who are having difficulty at home try to get back at their parents or friends by using school as a whip.

It is not unusual for girls to feel that they will at last find the happiness they seek by leaving home and marrying the boy that means so much to them. One of the saddest stories ever told is the girl

saying, "I know he doesn't amount to much now, but he'll change after we get married."

Solomon has said, "... therefore get wisdom: and with all thy getting get understanding."(Prov.

4:7.) It is important for young people to get understanding that educational requirements for any kind of job are higher today than ever before. A high school diploma has been described as a "hunting

license"because few employers will pay any attention to a person with less than that. Young people

need to get understanding that automation is causing professional and technical jobs to grow by leaps and bounds while the unskilled occupations, which require little training, are diminishing at the same rate. Youth needs to get understanding that happiness comes from a welllived life which is

productive and satisfying. Young people must understand that the development of an adequate vocation which will provide for the needs of a family is second in importance only to the great and sacred

question concerning whom they shall marry. Youth needs to understand that "the glory of God is

intelligence,..."(D&C 93:36) "and if a person gains more knowledge and intelligence in this life

through his diligence and obedience than another, he will have so much the advantage in the world to come."(Ibid., 130:19.) Youth needs to understand that the successful completion of any worthwhile project develops the kind of character for which the world is anxiously awaiting.

The four "U's"wait at the back doors and on the parking lots of the schools for those who choose to leave that way, but the goal of every Latterday Saint youth should not be the four "U's unschooled, unskilled, unemployed, and unhappy"—but be the five "D's"which, when attained, assure a life full of satisfaction and happiness

DISCIPLINED IN M\N DELIGHTFUL IN HUMOR DEDICATED TO

A group of representative LDS youth, working with MIA and the church schools'leaders, have prepared some recommendations FOR THE

STRENGTH OF YOUTH on dress, manners, dating, dancing, and clean living. The First Presidency of the Church has commended the work to

all who may hear of it. We know that the choice

people who read the Era of Youth will want to consider carefully and absorb these suggestions. THE Most people who know anything about The

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints know that it maintains the highest moral standards.

It is up to every member of the Church to upSTRENGTH hold this image in every way. How important it

is at all times to know how to dress, to act, and to live. To be different from the world in this respect

is a privilege rather than a restraint. While theseOF VOUTH

standards are given as a guide, blessings will result only by their daily application.

LDS STANDARDS All LDS youth should know and uphold the

The general officers of the Young Men's and Young following standards.

Women's Mutual Improvement Associations, together with

Bri'gham Young University and the Church School

System and a large group of representative youth of the

Church, have prepared an excellent treatise on Latterday

Saint standards and entitled it "For the Strength of

Youth,"with subtitles on Dress, Manners, Dating, Dancing, and Clean Living. We wish to endorse what has been here written, comDRESS

mend all responsible for their efforts, and express the hope Church standards regarding the appropriatethe youth, not only Church, of thethat all members will ness of dress should be a constant guide to the herein contained suggestions themselvesfamiliarize with and conform to the regulations set forth. youth of the Church wherever they are so that

the especially laws, in fact all regulations, All rules and they will always be comfortable, knowing they are It is, of benefit of the people. of arelaws God, made for the

course, of the utmost importance that we become familiar within the realm of good taste.

therewith conform and thereto that we may have the blessIt is difficult to make an overall statement conintended.ings which were

Let us never lose sight of the eternal principle enunciated cerning modest standards of dress, because will that while free agency not be trammeledby the Master to rules of modesty cannot be determined by inches or fit established Father, conformity our Heavenlyby conduct is a necessary prerequisite to the blessings promsince that which looks modest on one person may so on another.isedWetocommendthose whotheobeyfollowingand keeprecommendationshis commandments.to all into not be

whose hands they may come. Whether youth are at school, attending a SacThe First Presidency rament or other church meeting, dance, athletic,

or sportscamp activity, at home or away, church standards require young men and women to be iZoTT'I- appropriately dressed. Modesty is a protection

for the youth of the Church and is one of the

Lord's ways to help them live clean, wholesome It is not appropriate for young men to wear lives. extremely tightfitting pants. When driving

Girls should dress to enhance their natural around in cars, working in the yard or elsewhere, beauty and femininity. Clothes should be comthey should wear appropriate trousers and shirts.

fortable and attractive without calling attention Shorts may be worn during actual participation to a person's body; for example, skirts should be in active sports. Young men should always dress

long enough to cover the kneecap, and they should appropriately for the place and the occasion. For

not be too tight fitting. Dresses should not be special school or church dances, they should wear

cut extremely low at the top. Strapless dresses and a suit with dress shirt and tie, but never tennis

spaghetti straps are not acceptable on either sun shoes or T-shirts. Sports jackets or dressy sweatdresses or evening dresses. Few girls or women ers are appropriate apparel for the more casual

ever look well in backless or strapless dresses. dances.

Such styles often make the figure look ungainly Shorts or athletic costumes of any kind should and large, or they show the bony structures of not be worn in the chapels of our Church. Wisdom

the body. and good judgment should be used in choosing

When at home working in the yard, hiking, appropriate clothes which are in good taste.

traveling to the mountains, camping, or particigirls sports, in activepating or women may ILGRUBBIES''CURLERS slacks.appropriately they should However, wear

not be too tight. Pedal pushers, kneeknockers,bermudas, capris, or any pants which reach just HAIR FASHIONS

above the knees are acceptable. Of course, those Girls should always try to look feminine in

who have been through the temple are expected to their dress. They should not dress like boys or try

wear clothing of appropriate style. Pants for to give a masculine appearance. Dress often deyoung women are not desirable attire for shoptermines their actions. "Grubbies"are inappropriping, at school, in the library, in cafeterias or ate in public for everyone. A "real lady"does not

restaurants. Any apparel that suggests a house go out in public, to the market, or to shops with

robe should not be worn in public but only in one's her hair in curlers.

home or apartment. Tightfitting sweaters and Women's hair is much more becoming and

figurehugging clothes of any kind are not apflattering in a lovely, natural hairdo. Young

propriate LDS dress. men's hair should not be too long. Extreme hair

Bathing suits which immodestly expose the styles are equally poor taste for young men as body, such as bikinis and those with bare midwell as for young women.

riffs, should never be worn. Swimsuits are fashioned for a particular purpose and should not be

worn as casual dress for summer, but should beworn only for swimming. While traveling to and GOOD GROOMING

from the beach or swimming pools, young men Looking well groomed and immaculately clean and women should be fully dressed, or at least are special characteristics which reflect the stantheir swimming suits should be covered with dards of the Church. Not only should clothes be

outer clothing. clean, but nails, skin, and hair should have the

4 W glow of health that bespeaks meticulous care in appreciate thoughtfulness; it makes them feel

grooming. Personal cleanliness of body and cleanwelcome and wanted.

liness of one's clothing builds morale and a good name. In using makeup, girls should keep in mind

that cosmetics are used only to enhance theirnatural beauty. Excessive use of makeup should be DATING

avoided. To make dating wholesome, purposeful, proYoung people should understand propriety in tected, and really enjoyable experiences for young

all things—not only how to dance, sing, speak, people, the Church recommends the following

perform, and participate, but how to conduct safeguards.

themselves like young ladies and gentlemen under There should be no dating before the age of sixany and all circumstances, such as while travelteen. Up to this time, social life should be limited

ing, sightseeing, using public rest rooms, eating to group activities. Variety in dating is desirable.

in restaurants, staying in motels or hotels, attendDouble dating, triple dating, or group parties ing theaters, or attending church meetings and build new friendships and enhance the old. It is

conferences. exciting and fun to trade dances, as this offers the

Youth should never litter rest rooms, public opportunity for more associations and a greater buildings, or highways with papers, food, or rechoice of "dating"friends.

fuse. They should express appreciation for all All events planned for the regular weekly MIA

services wherever or whenever received—for resnight are nodate events. Firesides and dances

taurant service, service station help, etc. It is held on other occasions may be date affairs for

not polite to run in and out of motel or hotel those over sixteen years of age. Younger members

rooms late at night, making a disturbance which fourteen to sixteen years of age may attend but keeps other guests awake. It is poor taste to disshould come in groups without dates. In such cases

play in public affections for a girl friend or a boy the boys and girls should be brought by their friend. A young lady and a young gentleman will leaders or selected parental chaperones, who

not indulge in loud talk, profanity, or rowdy beshould remain with the group during the dance havior since it detracts from an otherwise wholeor social and return the youth to their homes at some appearance; neither will they whisper or the conclusion of the event. Young people twelve

talk in Church. When attending school, young to fourteen years of age are not invited to attend

people who wish to study together should do so these events.

in the school library or in places conducive to Steady dating during the early dating years good study. should not be practised. If steady dating is carYouth group functions should have sponsors or ried on in the late teens, regardless of worldwide

chaperones always present to provide security, customs, it should be with full observance of the guidance, and direction so that all of youth's customs and manners of polite society, moral beexperiences will be happy ones. It is a mark of havior, and church standards. All dating should be

consideration and graciousness to express apprean opportunity to broaden one's circle of friends ciation for the presence and guidance of hosts and companions. The selection of a life's partner

and chaperones at such functions. They, too, can be made more wisely when many associates

are available during courtship. those who are called to serve on a dance committee

Necking, petting, intimacies, and improprishould always review the music suggested for use eties of every kind should not be indulged in at during the dance. This decision should never be

any time in dating or in courtship. Love and afleft to a disc jockey or others who may not be

fection are precious, and virtue must never be familiar with LDS standards.

placed in jeopardy. Young people are selected to serve with executives and leaders on a youth board to decide

what is acceptable and in good taste. This youth

ACCEPTABLE DANCINGboardthe usehelpsof musicto discouragethat is undesirablenot in accordancedancingwithand

Youth together with their parents, their ward, church standards.

stake, and priesthood leaders must decide what is of church standard and what is not when a dance prohibit dancingis performed. standards Church

sensual in orthat is suggestive any way. The CLEAN LIVINGdance should not be a grotesque contortion of The admonition of the Church is to uphold the

the body such as shoulder or hip shaking or exsanctity of the body in accordance with the scripcessive body jerking. As members of the Church, tures and the counsel of the General Authorities

it is imperative that youth use wisdom in estabof the Church. Bodies are precious temples of the

lishing and adhering to church dance standards so spirit given by the Eternal Father. Keeping this

that good taste in dance is exemplified. Fad dances in mind, youth should live in a way that will enshould be evaluated in terms of acceptable dance hance their purity as well as their personal

standards. appearance.

The following should be observed: All should lead by contagion and help one an-

1. Good Posture—This is the basis for doing other to enjoy the good life. No matter how much

all things well in dancing. If one concentrates on one is enjoying himself, he must never forget who

good posture, most fad dances can be danced in he is and how his behavior is making other people a manner which will meet LDS standards. feel. Good taste is a modesty of the mind.

2. Dance Positions—When dancing, young The world judges the whole Church by the

people should avoid crouching, slumping over, actions of its youth. The youth of the Church are

trying to do a back bend, or having too close a the finest on the face of the earth. They must live

body contact. up to their responsibilities as members of The

3. Body Movements—Members of the Church Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints by

should be good dancers and not contortionists. being kind, clean, thoughtful, refined, dignified,

Extreme body movements should be avoided, and and obedient. Youth are on their honor to live all

emphasis should be placed more on styling and of the church standards. Young people like to be

clever footwork. trusted and must merit that trust. Young people

is can have fun while being considerate and loyal to 4. Type of Music—The kind of music that

played has a definite effect upon the actions of the Church and making its standards an integral, those participating in dance. With this in mind, happy part of their lives.

AFRICA—The very name conjures up associations of primeval forests, of

sundrenched plains, of formidable mountains, and of astonishing forms of animal life. The mind's eye pictures the contrasts of the "Dark Continent"

the mighty African elephant and the tiny Congo Pygmy; the barren, wasted

plains and the teeming jungles; equatorial yet snowcapped mountains; and

other mysteries of nature which seem to be peculiarly African.

Yes, these are the popular concepts of Africa, and they are true concepts but what of the other side of life on this mighty continent? What of vast

teeming cities built almost literally on gold? What of men who sweat out a

living almost two miles underground in the task of blasting out that gold?

What of the complex of highways that crisscross a continent and carry the expensive automobiles that make this population one which is near the top in the number of motor vehicles per head? What of the industries that produce

railway locomotives, motor vehicles, steel, and the complicated foodstuffs of our modern civilization? Remember, too, the fishing industries, the canning

"THE CHURCH IS THE SAME IN ALL LANDS AMONG ALL PEOPLE*

****"*m&&+*, i,. industries, etc. These are all facets of the African way of life, and all must be

considered in our analysis of South African youth, for, as in any country, our youth are products of their environment, and a boy living in a Cape coastal town may be vastly different from his counterpart in the great mining area known simply as the "Reef."

The average South African owes his ancestry to many lands and many peoples. He speaks, usually, at least two languages, and he is proud to be

different, to be South African. He is usually passionately fond of the land

and the animals that inhabit it and often resists the march of civilization when it means surrendering more virgin bush country to its demands. Yet, he is

not really very different from his foreign cousins, and especially not after acceptance of the gospel and its truths.

But let's take a closer look at the average South African Latterday Saint youth. He is usually physically well developed, a natural result of the open

air life that is so popular here. He loves sports and participates in most of

them with enthusiasm, particularly the outdoor ones such as football, swimming, tennis, cricket, etc.

836 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church in South Africa is perhaps half as old as the Church in

America, and its beginnings are almost within living memory. Still the

history of this country is very similar to that of the home of the restored gospel. Our land, too, was colonized by people who fought and died for their

religious principles and who passed on to us, their descendants, the knowledge that the Lord very definitely takes an interest in the affairs of men.

Churchorganized sport is, however, a fairly recent development and consists mostly of volleyball, basketball, and badminton. For the present, volleyball championships are held at MIA missionwide youth conference every

Easter. Volleyball is particularly well suited to the smaller branches as all

members can play, and it can be played outof-doors when no cultural hall is available.

South Africans have always been susceptible to the cultural aspects of life, but the effect of the MIA program can clearly be seen in the lives of LDS youth. The training received in music, drama, dance, and speech stands

them in good stead in their daily lives and, incidentally, converts many young people in the Lord's work. Again, the outstanding event in the cultural calendar is the missionwide youth conference. Musical plays, roadshows, the

Conference Ball, and above all, the conference sessions have won places in the hearts of our youth. Papa and the Playhouse last year and Promised

Valley the year before proved the ability of the young people to participate in the worldwide church program.

The youth of South Africa know that the Church of Jesus Christ is true.

For this reason the gospel has become such an integral part of our lives. We

join our brothers and sisters all over the world in proclaiming that life has meaning, that man is that he might have joy, and that true joy comes only to those who have been made free by coming to a knowledge of their Heavenly

Father and his divine plan for the fulfilment of life. We in this land, unfortunately, see but little of the General Authorities, but we know that they are

men of God, and we look to them and to our other leaders for the guidance that is necessary for us to attain celestial exaltation. We feel a close kinship

to the youth of the Church in every land and know that they and we have the destiny of nations in our hands. We pray for the strength to do that which we

have been taught, to do that which we know is right.

SEPTEMBER 1965 837 LIVING IN THE LDWI PABEING A OF TH E BY DeWITT J. PAUL WO

A member of the Church must govern his life by standards not usually required of others.

As an executive of one of the nation's largest financial institutions, I have been on business trips to every state of the Union and to a number of foreign countries. I have been

particularly active in the business community of the New

York metropolitan area. Adhering to gospel standards has

never stood in my way. Quite to the contrary, doing so has

been an asset rather than a liability. Moreover, it has not

been difficult or embarrassing.

In a world of rather wishywashy convictions, one who believes in something and lives in accordance with his beliefs is usually admired and respected. I never appreciated this so

much as when the chairman of the board of directors of my company one day said to the board members: ''I am retiring,

and I propose Mr. Paul as my successor. As you know, Mr.

Paul is a Mormon. Mormons have rather high standards to

live by, and among other things they do not smoke or drink.

I have kept an eye on this fellow for many years now, and never once have I seen him make a slip. I recommend him to

you as a man of integrity."It was this development that

prompted one of my business colleagues to write me in these terms: "Your career should make a good topic for a speech

'How I Became Chairman of the Board without Tasting a Drop.'It is my experience that there are a lot of very fine people in the world. Just because they do not have my outlook on

life has never given me reason to alienate them through prudish selfrighteousness. Perhaps herein lies the secret of

"living in the world without being a part of the world."

DeWitt J. Paul was student body president at the University

of Utah, served as a missionary, and became affiliated with the Beneficial Finance Company while still a very young man.

In 1963 he became chairman of the board of his company, which has more than 1,600 offices in various parts of the world. Brother Paul serves as patriarch to the New Jersey

Stake and is active in civic affairs. He and Sister Paul have

six children.

838 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Is your entry in for The Improvement Era Youth Writing Competition?

(Lots of intriguing titles have come our way!

Are you polishing yours?)

Winners Awarded Cash or Scholarships to BYU or Ricks... and Now

Church College of Hawaii Is In!!

Entries from outside the mainland USA can win 5 choice scholarships from CCH—making a total

of 18 scholarships, a dozen cash awards, and other prizes available.

And Especially Important! A Chance to Write!

Try your hand (and head) at it! ENTER! TRY! WRITE!

There are four categories: Short story

Researched article Essay Poetry

Rules:

Entries must be typewritten on white paper Sy2 x 11 inches, doublespaced, on one side of paper only. Entries generally should not exceed 500 words in length, but longer entries up to 1,000 words

will be considered for judging and publication if they are especially meritorious.

Entries must be designated by a pen name and must be accompanied with a sealed envelope containing:

1. The pen name.

2. The author's actual name, address, telephone number, ward and stake, title of entry, and age.

3. The following statement: "This work is original,"signed by the author. (Original means that

it is the work of the writer and not something copied from some other source or planned or written by others.)

Participants may submit as many individual entries as they desire.

At the top of the first page of the manuscript the author should write BYU, Ricks, or Church

College of Hawaii to designate which school he/she would be interested in attending if the entry merits a scholarship award.

To accommodate entries from persons interested in trying for a scholarship to the Church College of Hawaii, the deadline for the contest has been extended to December 31, 1965.

See announcement in July Era of Youth for further details... or check your ward bulletin board.

The Last Word

We all hold important positions before God. We are called

to build up the Church of God; we are called to build

up the kingdom of God; we are called to introduce and

maintain the government of God; and God expects it * -: 'i

at our hands; and he expects that we shall be true to \y

him and to our priesthood, and true to our calling; and if

we are, there are thrones and principalities and powers and dominions, exaltations and increase, worlds without end; and if we are not, there will be sorrow and mourning and lamentation and woe.—President John Taylor.iii

You will never "find"Advertising is wonderful. What Young boy doing homework

time for anything. If other medium could picture "Dad, is waterworks all

you wont time you must childen going back to school one word, or do you make it.—Charles Buxton with big smiles on their faces? spell it with a hydrant?"

The path to cheerfulness is to sit up cheerLots of people think it's all fully and to act and speak as if cheerfulright to go out on a limb beness were already there. William James cause that's where the fruit is.

A loafer is a man who rests before he gets tired.

He who does good for He who cannot bear huNature seems detergood's sake seeks neither mility cannot wear honor. mined to make us

praise nor reward, but work. The less hair we

he is sure of both in Love alone can determine have to comb the more the end.—William Penn who is your neighbor. face we have to wash.

As a small boy was preparing for his first day at school, his pleasure in the new lunch box was being spoiled by concern that he would not be able to identify it.

His mother had carefully painted his name on the box, but of course, as yet, he could not read. Suddenly his face

lighted up, and he exclaimed: "Oh, I

won't be using my lunch box until noon, and by then I'll know how to read!"

840 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA From gentle warmth to sparkling coolness...

Nature's Freshness is yours year 'round

This is the dramatic new Lennox Duracurve total comfort system. Perfectly matched combination of air conditioning and heating. Designed to bring you Nature's Freshness year 'round. From dry, refreshing coolness in summer to

gently moistened, flowing warmth in winter. Air is always dawn fresh, sparkling clean. Invigorating. Comforting.

Install the complete Lennox system now. Or begin with Lennox warmth. Then add Lennox air conditioning later.

There are more than 5000 Lennox dealers, coast to coast. See your Yellow Pages. Call for complete details. Or write

for today's "freshest story"on air conditioning and heating. Address Lennox Industries Inc., 2200 South Main St.,

Salt Lake City, Utah.

AIR CONDITIONING HEATING LENNOX

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

In a few years—a slide rule? Your children who are cleaning erasers for elementary school teachers

today will soon be making decisions on their college courses. But Now is the time to prepare financially.

Money for advanced education for your children represents a major investment. There is a way to be

ready when your children are. Consult your Beneficial agent for expert "Planned Futures'

help. Beneficial Life Insurance Company 47 west so. temple salt lake city, utah virgil h. smith, pres. BL