:-:---:=:-:-.--: -,..-.-:----:.-- "--: --- -: ---:. -::-:::;.-. - ':::":'-":,--:-:-----:-.: -.-.:::::.:., -,.--,:: -;-:.-;,::.V.;:... '::-::.:,.:., "1830 A CENTURYOFWORLD PROGRESS L930

Combined with theYOUNG WOMAN'S JOURNAL

Colonel and Mrs. Lindbergh Aid

ists I. Z. C. M.

Organized City, Utah 1868—Salt Lake

SELECTED for its motto "Live and Help Others to Live."Imbued with this motive an

Overall Factory was established that work might be furnished for residents of the intermountain community. They desired to keep money at home, realizing that it is the

surplus in a community which upbuilds and develops it. The present management of

the institution, determined to add to the structure already created, will continue to develop the basic principles upon which the institution was founded.

I Losing Things Out of Your Pockets

BY WEARING Z. C. M. I.

Mountaineer Overalls Equipped With STOPLOSS POCKETS

Here Are a Few of the Impelling Features

You Can9t Lose 1. Your Watch. 4. Your Money.

2. Your Rule. 5. Your Keys.

3. Your Pliers. 6. Your knife.

7. The Pockets Are Handy.

8 Best Materials Used 9. They Are Triple Stitched.

10. They Won't Rip.

THE STOPLOSS POCKET IS EXACTLY THE SAME as any ordinary pocket when you put things in and take things out. But

there's a patented feature in its construction which makes it impossible for anything to fall out of the StopLoss

Pocket. No matter what position you

are working in it is impossible for tools,

Everything Falls Out watches, coins, etc., to fall out of StopNothing Can Fall Out

of Ordinary Pockets Loss Pockets. of StopLoss Pockets

LAW TRAINING

This complete 25volum.e standard

size law library is provided to all students at the time of enrollment.

The Aristocrat of Trainin rams is directed to the man who money -making possibilities of using the THIS message is contemplating the study of law principles of law in daily business affairs.

And where is the man who has not at Graduates of the Course are awarded he some time yearned for law training and the LL. B. degree.

certainty of success it brings? The authors of the Course are outstanding authorities in the field of law. Included

The Aristocrat of Studies in the group are two Justices of the United

Law is the aristocrat among training States Supreme Court, the deans of eight courses. Law students are stamped as men university law schools, and sixty university

of discernment and dignity. They are law professors and attorneys. These men

it should be taught. looked upon with respect. know law and how

LESSON GUIDES Lesson Guides are mailed at regular A knowledge of law enhances earning No Exaggerated Claims intervals to direct and outline the power and helps to win advancement. The

study of tfie Course. demand for men trained in the law is growThe Institute makes no claim that the

ing constantly. study of its Course will bring a startling

For years the Blackstone Institute, increase in income to every student. Yet

through its professional homestudy law many students have reported increases, course, has been meeting and satisfying some as high as 200% before completing this demand. Today the Institute can point the Course.

to more than 50,000 substantial men and Neither does the Institute claim that a women who have received financial, perlaw training will enable you to earn from sonal or business benefits from this training. $10,000.00 to $35,000.00 a year, yet a great

Hundreds of successful attorneys are many lawtrained men earn in excess of that.

among our graduates. The Institute does claim that a law training is the best foundation for a successful

The Outstanding Course business or professional career, and that

The Institute delivers prepaid to every its Course is without a peer in the field of

LECTURES student immediately upon enrollment the nonresident law instruction today.

contains series Course a The of nationally 25volume known Modern lectures outstandprinted written by library, American A. L."Get the Facts Today Law cited as "M. subjects authorities ing national on

not ordinarilyfound in law text books. by the courts of last resort. (See illustration Complete evidence of the merits and moneymak-

possibilities training is contained in of Blackstone in miniature above.) ing

attractive booklet, Lawan "The

This set of text and case books forms the Trained Man,"which will be sent basis of the Course and in addition serves free upon request. Ask for your copy

as a valuable reference work upon the entire todaystill availablewhile theforpresentfree distribution.edition is

field of modern day law. Many students Use the convenient coupon below or

a letter to the Blackaddress card or post library this said that alone have is worth

Institute, 902, Department 307 North tuition fee asked the modest for the Illinois. Chicago, Avenue, entire stoneMichigan

Course.

Elaborate INSTITUTE Lesson BLACKSTONE

Ave., Chicago, 111. Dept. 902, 307 N. Michigan Material

Please send me by mail, and without obligation, a copy of your 128page

Elaborate lesson material is book, "The LawTrained Man,"and details ofyour law course and service.

mailed at regular intervals to the

Name progresses student as he through BULLETINS LAW units lesson Course. These is Bulletin distributed each the LawA Position

containing the month I atest Supreme (illustrated at the Business in miniature

Court business cial decisionsinterest—anon matters exclusiveof espeleft) direct the study efforts careBusiness Address

Blackstone feature. fully and call attention to the

City. State

242 The Improvement Era for February, 1930

DAYNESBEEBE MUSIC CO., 61 MAIN STREET, SALT LAKE CITY

1915 II 1898 OMAHA W TIT SAN FRANCISCO

At Every International Exposition Held in America Since the Columbian

Exposition at Chicago in 1893 KIMBALL PIANOS Have Been Given the

HIGHEST AWARDS.

We Are Showing KIMBALL KIMBALL GRANDS UPRIGHTS LIP FROM S850 LIP FROM S450 UNUSUAL BARGAINS IN USED INSTRUMENTS

Pianos from $50.00 up, Players from $167.00 up, Grands from $325 up

Write For List Available Today

The Principal Sheet Music MAKES OF Victor AND RADIOS $99 5CP UOSLPHJDAYMES"OLDER.61-3-5THANPftESfOSNTMAS":THE. 'STATECAPITALOF*I,OOO.OOOUTAH i SendBrunswickRecordsFor Free Catalog

>*s The Improvement Era for February, 1930 243

F ECAST

It is not too early for Era readThe Impro?ement Era

ers to begin to anticipate the Centennial number. On April 6, 1930, Heber J. Grant

one hundred years will have passed Hugh J. Cannon Editor Elsie T. Brandley

since the Church of Jesus Christ of Managing Editor Associate Editor

Latterday Saints was organized. Melvin J. Ballard Clarissa A. Beesley

The story of its achievements will Business Manager Associate Business Manager be told by those who have played conspicuous parts in its eventful George Q. Morris

history. It will be an interesting Rachel Grant Taylor

and in some cases a dramatic acChairman Finance and Publications count of what has occurred. Has

science vindicated the assertions of Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement

Joseph Smith? Illuminating inAssociations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ

formation on this question will be of Latterday Saintspresented.

The missionary experiences of this hundred years, if fully comCONTENTS piled, would make a classic, paTitle Pane thetic, inspiring,'humorous. The Editorial

J. of Greatness Cannon 245 Example Hugh Anfidelity under and of men women

Elsie 246 Brandley Reminiscence T. A Pioneer triedconditions souls their which

almost to the breaking point was Colonel and Mrs. Lindbergh Aid Archaeologists Dr. A. V. Kidder 247

characteristic of this people. The Washington and Lincoln Bryant S. Hinckley 251

story of it is colorful and faith- A Spiritual Philosophy of Life Dean Milton Bennion 252 promoting. A Bit of Forgotten History Hugh J. Cannon 254 Out of the Burning—A Story (Chapter Three) Ivy Williams Stone 255

Our organizations and the opBridger Again Fights the Indians Carter E. Grant 258

portunity they give Church memDon't Lie to an Indian. A Campfire Story Prof. J. H. Paul 261

bers for that spiritual development From Ox Cart to Airplane Gertrude Musser 266 which comes only through active An American Prince Elsie T. Brandley 268

service has evoked the wonder of Poetry -Grace Ingles Frost 271 all who have become acquainted Gray Days When the Wind Sang with the matter. Yesteryear Its Babes to Sleep

Mad Waves A Mother Pays "Mormons"have always been Old Roads Land of Tomorrow a temple building people. This Potential Boy Killer Becomes Shock Absorber Expert

practice has aroused much curious Thomas R. Henry 272

interest, not always favorable, for On the River Road. A Story: Estelle Tearle Metcalf 274

the world, forgetful of scriptural Recreation in the Home 276 history, wonders why strangers are The Common Sense of Music -....Sigmund Spaeth 278

not admitted to these sacred prePriesthood Quorums cincts. Why have temples been Pamphlet for the Melchizedek Priesthood 281

built at great cost in time and East Jordan Stake Efficiency Convention 281 money when it was a question as Success in Aaronic Priesthood Work 282 to how the people could live? This Field Note. 282

subject, too, furnishes material for Mutual Work a dramatic recital. Executive Department 283

The temporal welfare of the FinanceCommunityand PublicationsActivity DepartmentDepartment * 285286 people and the means at the disAdult Department 1 290 supervise toposal of the Church Department MenGleaners 292 M is the thingstheir needs one of Gleaner Girls Department Z. 294

which places the stamp of divinity Junior Girls Department.! 295

upon this system. VanguardsScouts Department. 296

What place have the "MorBee Hive Girls Department 298 mons"attained in art, in literature and in education? The facts in Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter.

the case aroused the interest of inAcceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, telligent visitors to this communAct of October, 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

ity even before the people were Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are conestablished in the Rocky Mounrequested,sidered freewillcontributions.be destroyed. Photographs, unless their return is especially

tains. The thought that "man Published monthly at Salt Lake City by the M. I. A. General Boards;

cannot be saved in ignorance"has $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church Office Building.

been a real contribution to the world. 244 The Improvement Era for February, 1930

says: The Brick Man

''Investigate Face Brick Before You Build"

True enough, the initial cost of a brick home is slightly greater than the cost of one built of less durable material. Brick, however, are

everlasting. They are a permanent investment

and a genuine asset to the community in which you build.

A few dollars will pay the difference in the first cost of a brick home and this small investment will earn you many, many dollars, year after year in low depreciation, insurance, fuel and upkeep.

Moreover, because of its enduring value, face brick construction is preferred security for mortgage loans. It's not only the permanence of

the material itself, but the strength and protection that it provides in addition to its style and inviting charm.

Don't be misled by the error of initial cost.

REMEMBER—YOUR FIRST COST IS

YOUR LAST COST WHEN YOU BUILD WITH BRICK.

THE SALT LAKE

PRESSED BRICK CO.

9 Kearns Building Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone Was. 951

J EDITORIALHugh J. Cannon Heber J. Grant Elsie Talmage Brandley

Managing Editor Editor Associate Editor

An Example of Greatness By HUGH J. CANNON

Clark, in addressing the Latterday lard. At the time, however, he did not need theGENERAL Saints in Far West in 1838, said: "I would flour and said he would prefer to draw it later

advise you to scatter abroad, and never again when his supply was exhausted. In due time he

organize yourselves with bishops, presidents, etc., lest called for it, but in the meantime the flour had

you excite the jealousies of the people and subject doubled in price and the man in charge of the yourselves to the same calamities that have now come tithing office store would give him only half as receive. entitled to as he thought he was * * as much become is, that advice you you.upon * My

office President to Indignantly Young's he went events, these recurrence of lest citizens, by aother you bring upon yourselves irretrievable ruin."and made his complaint in such vigorous language

For many years after this famous (or infamous) that the president took offense. It should be respeech was delivered, many others gave similar membered that at this time President Young was

counsel to the Church. In some cases the advice virtually the lawmaker as well as the enforcement

was an honest desire to help relieve a vexing situation. officer. No king in the world held more power in

More frequently, however, it was inspired by a dehis sphere than did this man, and he was not acsire to see the complete disintegration of the Church customed to having people address him in tones organization. But whatever the motive, it originasuch as this poor immigrant used. He became

ted with people who did not in the least comprequite as indignant as his visitor and finally ordered hend the underlying purpose of this latterday movehim out of the office. The man did not leave imment. mediately, and the president told one of his sons to

him out. to put harangue, to Clark's prior months A few Brother Pollard retorted: "President Young you Joseph been made, already reference haswhich

I want to tell you oneSmith received a revelation from which the followdon't have to put me out.

ing is taken: "*** That the rights of the Priestthing, and then I'll walk out. I'm an Englishman

hood are inseparably connected with the powers of and a Latterday-Saint and the Gospel teaches me heaven, and that the powers of heaven cannot be conto know the difference between right and wrong, trolled nor handled only upon the principles of and it is not right to cut in half the amount of flour righteousness. I was to receive."And with that he left the room.

"That they may be conferred upon us. it is true; President Young, angered by the tone in which

the walked had spoken, up and the man down sins, or to to cover our undertakebut we when office for several his minutes. pace beGradually to exercise or ambition, pride, our vaingratify our

control or dominion or compulsion upon the souls came slower and at last he stood in deep meditation.

of the children of men, in any degree of unThis continued for some little time. At last lie

righteousness, behold, the heavens withdraw themroused himself from his reverie and ordered his it came, he drove to the tithingselves; the Spirit of the Lord is grieved; and when carriage. When

it is withdrawn, Amen to the Priesthood or the offic, got a sack of flour and took it himself to the authority of that man."humble home of the poor workman with an

apology for the manner in which the visitor had

That Church leaders have always understood been treated.

is illustrated the followingthis principle well by President virtually king. a was In this Young related President ofstory was which Brigham Young days, his those community, suand in was word

at time late one Charles the Wilcken, H.by who preme. himself, considered and He considered was

in miller as the President employedwas by Young as his followers, vicegerent the by of the Alold flour mill at Liberty Park: mighty, the earthly head of the Church of Jesus

Joseph Pollard arrived in the valley from EngChrist, but when he felt that he had not been enland in 1857, and at once began to work on tirely just to one who had appealed to him for

Church buildings as a carpenter under the general justice, even though the man's language gave more direction of President Young. He was an outor less cause for offense, he was humble enough to

spoken Englishman, about whose blunt sayings go in person and make the matter right. It is also

many amusing stories are told. interesting to note that Brother Pollard was ele-

A portion of the employee's wages was paid in vated to the position of Bishop of the Fifteenth flour, and on the day of settlement a certain a- ward in Salt Lake City during President Young's mount of this staple was allotted to Brother Pollifetime.

Pioneer Reminiscence A By ELSIE TALMAGE BRANDLEY SWEET, whitehaired woman recently celebut none of the rest thought it very promising. She

brated her eightieth birthday in a lovely had a few little pins and rings and trinkets, and home, surrounded with every evidence of off she started to the trading post to see what she at the post were could get for them. men The ease. luxuryA of and Roses—dozens us could of 'squaw men,'none and air the sweetness of the them—perfriendships mountaineers—fumed with the

which had inspired the sending of them; and gifts see what use they would have for jewelry, but we

of all kinds expresed the love of her children and had counted without the Indian women. The

grandchildren. mountaineers were really very fond of their squaws,

are for decorations. the Indians and you how know later, in the days same beautiful home A reach, their that jewelry within they saw this told When Siddoway woman—Isabellefew Armstrong—get that their should nothing but do would men story the plains. her trip across the of me

As a child of ten she had made the long, it for them. The squaws were good to the mounweary march from Council Bluffs, Iowa, to Salt taineers, and took fine care of them, and the men,

it. they were, appreciated as they saw rough When anticipation land in Lake as "the known City—the stuff, really their the Indians wanted much how Valleys."every step of the she way, Walking had

it, for to bargain they began and goodnaturedly in pushed of her, frequently, a handcart front and when her baby brother, too small to trudge the were told that the owner wanted 700 pounds of long miles on his little feet became too weary she flour, delivered at the 'Mormon'camp, some little had picked him up and carried him in her arms a- distance away. And those men didn't raise a single

delivered the flour ahead and went while.

until flour kept us in food objection—justthey were told. That What an impossible undertaking it would seem as

today! With railroads, automobiles, and airplanes we met the relief party that President Young had

within easy access, who would consider it humanly sent back from the Valleys to meet us. So you see

possible to walk over the mountains and prairies. we had an easy, pleasant journey compared to

pushing a handcart and carrying a small boy? some.

The woman herself remembers very clearly the "Of course we were tired and hungry and thirsty details of that trek, and in recounting them she at times, and there were lots of snakes in some shows the fine spirit of optimism and gratitude places, which was not so pleasant to a little tenwhich must have helped to buoy her up for the yearold girl; but there were other things to comlong journey, and to meet the rigorous demands pensate. The dancing, for one thing; and the singmade of her. ing. I was too young to enjoy the dancing except

"It was not half so bad as you might suppose,"as a spectator, but I did enjoy the singing. Every

she said. "Our company had a real pleasure trip once in awhile the bugler would blow a blast, and

compared with some of the others. You see, we we knew it meant to stop and sing, and after that

rested. one of the songs along I remember we felt fairly course, rained, had good of but weather—it trail. like this: the It went stretches not for long at a time, it stopand when

raining, the ped sun always out came and warm, little, of rain, have a shower we when dried in us all out us of died of no time. None noses, again. they'll get well but soon the WeThe mayheat i getmaywetskina our

heat, and none of us died of the cold. One girl in When we think of Zion we forget the wet and pain,

another company had an experience that was really So push on my boys, push on.

hard, to my way of thinking. Crowded together There's none can lead a life like us merry 'Mormons'can.

in a wagon, trying to keep warm by huddling close to each other, some of the weaker ones froze "You see, we realized that we had much to be to death, and this poor young girl who didn't die, thankful for; and that we had experienced scarcely

found her foot frozen solid to the foot of one who any of the hardships that the other companies had had lost the fight. That is what I call hard. known and suffered."

"And we did have food. Some companies ran As she finished, there came to my mind someentirely out of provisions, and starved along the thing I remembered from the Doc. and Cov., "and

way. We had no such trouble as that. We were he who receiveth all things with thankfulness shall

not once completely without something to eat. Oh, be made glorious; and the things of this earth shall

of course we had to be very careful at times! I rebe added unto him, even an hundred fold, yea,

member once that we were down to a ration of two more."Because, perhaps, of the glad thankfulness

ounces of flour a day, each, but that much kept us with which she received two ounces of flour for a day's from starving. And that was not for long. We food, she proved her ability to appreciate greater blessknew something would come to relieve the situation, ings, and they have been added unto her. As earthly

and something did. When we neared Pike's Peak, parents naturally try to supply the needs of grateful

we were just about out of everything but hope. One children, so the Father in heaven has with kindness

woman in our company had an idea that some and generosity added blessings upon the daughter who jewelry she had brought along with her might help, regarded the journey with pleasure.

THE IMPROVEMENT3 ERA

Colonel and Mrs. Lindberg, Aid

Archaeologists Part Aerial Survey of the Maya Region II—The

(All photographs were taken by Colonel and Mrs. Lindbergh,

except where otherwise noted)

By DR. A. V. KIDDER

Head, Staff of Early American History, Carnegie Institution of Washington

Lindberg's recent Carnegie Institution archaeologistCOLONEL airsurvey of the Maya recame down from his headquarters

I. Van gion of Central America in Guatemala City. W.

affords a fine example of the vaDusen of PanAmerican Airways That Miami. from and I flew lue play. of team When a great plans and gatherevening we laid a aviator, great transportation

company, and a great scientific ed equipment.

agency put their shoulders to the same wheel, that wheel is bound /\UR general objectives were: toto turn. The project grew out test the aeroplane as an

of a combination of agencies and agency for archaeological exploraof interests. tion in tropical countries; and to

find out once for all whether the ruins of Maya cities could be loAgencies Participating cated from the air. Above anyelse, to get an wished we

there Lindthing Colonel wasTHIRST, the country idea of what Maya seeking is always bergh who like. really looks

opportunity to demonstrate the utility of the aeroplane. Besides, Although archaeologists have

the their into pushing been of course the region showing way Map curiosity the Maya his flight, a formeron flights the dayby-day Lindof Colonel years, they have region for many glimpses aroused by been ruins party of locationhad the of ofbergh's and the ancient, jungleburied cities. observed and photographed. been so buried in the welter of forest, their outlook has been so

Then there was the Panstifled by mere weight of vegeAmerican Airways, Inc. This General Objectives tation, that it has been impossible

company, engaged in spreading a to gain a comprehensive underLa- over of flyingtrailsnetwork was the group of this the real nature of that has standing to for- <-*CUCHjust successfully is anxioustin concluded America, territory, occupied once by Ameriward any project which promises the only aerial survey ever made ca's most brilliant native civilizato contribute to popular interest of the Maya region of Central tion. Such understanding is abin the regions it serves. America. solutely necessary, because all

And, lastly, there was Carnegie Belize, once a stronghold of people, ancient and modern, are

Institution of Washington whose buccaneers, now capital of British largely products of their environstaff of archaeologists, earthHonduras, was the rendezvous. We ment. Hill and plain, waterbound in the forests of Yucatan met there on October 5th. Colcourse and cultivable land shape

for years, had longed for the onel and Mrs. Lindbergh were the destinies of nations more

sweeping view which the aerofinishing their swing around the powerfully than do kings and plane alone can give. Caribbean. Oliver Ricketson, battles.

248 The Improvement Era for February, 1930

and then turn north to fly the entire length of Yucatan in a single hop.

This would necessitate refuelling at Merida at the extreme northern end of the peninsula. As the distance was so great, and as landingplaces were probably nonexistent,

weight had to be cut to a minimum in order that should one engine fail, the plane could be counted upon to "hold up"for several hundred miles. Van

Dusen and I, therefore, stayed behind, and Ricketson, an old hand at Peten travel, acted as observer.

TAKING off from the harbor * of Belize the morning of October 6th, the course was laid directly up the Belize River, cutting straight across its thousand loops

WhenFloresColonelis a LindberghGuatemalanandoutposthis partytownlandedsituatedhereonthea tinyGovernorislandinina LakelaunchPeten.and and bends, high above the rapids

in entire canoes dugout the to out population plane to the came last of the the Tayasal, the ruins of refuge the town are Beyond greetMayathe afterarrivals.the and shallows that make boat

Spanish conquest. travel so slow.

A hundred miles inland the THE labors of many explorers tions. Colonel Lindbergh, with plane turned northward into the

* and scientists have made clear his usual thoroughness, added a Peten region. In a few minutes

the fact that long before the time shotgun, in case a forced landthe roofcombs of the great of Christ there arose in the New ing made it necessary to live on temples of Tikal, queen of Old

World an independent civilization the country, and hammocks, cookEmpire cities, became visible. After

which culminated in the great ing kit, canteens, medicines and circling low for photographs, a cities of the Maya Old Empire. machetes. straight shot was made for UaxacThese cities were built and occuThe general plan was to strike tun, the oldest known Maya city.

pied while Europe was in the Dark first into the heart of the Old EmThis site, which Ricketson has

Ages, but they, like Rome, fell, pire region in northern Guatemala been excavating for the past four and their high towertemples and manychambered palacemonas- teries were engulfed by the jungle.

The Maya people then moved northward into what is now Yucatan, took on a new lease of life and again constructed cities, many of which persisted until the coming of Europeans put an end to all native American development.

Archaeologists have pieced together a fairly consistent outline of this history but of the Maya country as a whole, of the "lay,"so to speak, of the land, we have had, until Colonel Lindbergh's flights, only the scantiest knowledge.

"Hopping"the Length of Yucatan

of the cover air. must Itza, rear, left the to right are as much Yucatan, from Chichen the At from/NUR problem was clear. We

cirCourt, of the Ball the El Castillo, Warriors. the and The Temple learn all area as possible, and is in we shown:cular, structure the towerlike to have Caracol, the foreground thought

is believed Itza erected purposes. for astronomical by if. the Chichen Mayacould about equipment been Our

later not been 530 the founded than Old Empire to have from by A. D. a Sikorsky amphibianwas ideal, of of the to south Federation the region southwest. a A. D. and Maya Bycolonists1000

from the PanAmerican Airways theCityStatespeaceful wasconditionsformed whichwith ChichenthereuponItzaensuedas one greatof the buildingsprincipal ofunits.cut Understone,

fleet, capable of sustained flight elaborately decorated with sculptures and murals were erected on every side.

with either of its twin motors. It Dissensionsand its abandonmentwithin andaboutattacksthe frommiddlewithoutof theresulted15th Century.in the conquestIn 1924,of underthe city,an

of Washington carried a radio outfit, a collapsible undertookagreement anwithextensivethe MexicanprogramGovernment,of excavationCarnegieand repairInstitutionat Chichen rubber boat and emergency rawhich it is still engaged. Itza, upon

The Improvement Era for February, 1930 249

years, was discovered in 1916 by

Dr. S. G. Morley of the staff of

Carnegie Institution.

pROM Tikal to Uaxactun is a very long day's journey by muletrain, a journey which is made possible only after the trail has been cleared. The Sikorsky

did it in exactly six minutes!

Ricketson's clearing and camp, and the strange, squat, grotesquely sculptured pyramid which he has laid bare were clearly visible, and were photographed as Lindbergh wheeled close above the treetops.

Later, in speaking of this part of the trip, Ricketson said: "Colonel Lindbergh simply could not

believe that it is an allday ride on Ground view of the Temple of the Warriors, Chichen Itza, Yucatan, as it now of Institution The Washington. repair Carnegie excavation after by and standsa mule to from Tikal Uaxactun."feet 136 feet 37 and high rests foundation pyramidal proper a upon Temple

is is with faced added: "It is ofHe masonry and base. of not the hearting at pyramid the square The for good an

warriors. birds, and friezes animals, of richly sculptured A carrying dressed stonearchaeologist to fly over rethis temple to the access gives steps, feet stone 36 34 containing steep wide stairway

gion, especially if he is going back. platform.rattlesnakes,Tworattlesstoneatbalustradesthe bottom,fourfangedfeet headswide, atcarvedthe top,to representflank the featheredstairway

tail all thought ofThe and tufted ground with heads on serpent columns, feathered day on a massive mule Two doorway. into a triple entrance fifteen feet rising divide temple above, thein contrast to six in minutes charge in immediate Morris, season Earl of the third (1926) an During work

smaller and much a covered discovered foundation excavations, that chair the Temple is unsettling.arm of Besides,

great of information yielded earlier structure older has temple. of this Excavationthe ticks fly."don't archaeological importance.

Speeding Towards Merida beyond Uaxactun there appeared the first small frontier settlements a flattopped pyramid surmountof Yucatan were reached. Everyfeeling in the easier Uaxactun lay breathed uned one the culminat-"REYOND two temples, by

the over againLl known, uninhabited country. structure they were ing that of a forgotten and

and Merida was still four hunforest-swallowed city. This may homes of living men. Thence

dred miles away; hence no deviabe new or may perhaps be a site onward the towns became larger.

tion could be made from a direct called Rio Becque, discovered in The forest was dotted with the northward course. The sea of 1912 by R. E. Mervin, of Peaclearings of Indian cornfields. Fijungle proved to be unbroken. body Museum. nally Merida came into sight and

Hour after hour the green floor Northward again the plane soon the plane settled down upon of the treetops flowed back under sped, over vast stretches of green, the landing field.

the speeding plane. Ninety miles until the palm thatched huts of

IT HE party were overnight guests -* of Governor Torre Diaz, who has done so much to forward the Institution's work in Yucatan.

The first objective of the next day was Chichen Itza, largest of New

Empire cities, whose temples and pyramids, cleared by the Mexican government and by Carnegie Institution, under Dr. Morley's direction, showed snowwhite a-

gainst the green "bush."

After leaving Chichen Itza the party turned southward and laid a course for Belize somewhat to the east of the route which was followed the day before. On this

return trip the plane passed over country hitherto untraveled;

country so densely overgrown that no trace of ruins could be discerned.

The first air view taken of the ruins of Tuluum, an ancient Maya city. The flights of these first two

These ruins are the largest and best preserved of the known groups along the east days covered approximately a coast of principal Yucatan. buildings The sides are surrounded on three by a wall thousand miles, much of it over encloses area 22 acres which an of about tropical with bush. now covered

Institution Carnegie has sent several expeditions under Morley to study these described results are in publication ruins. The of regions never traversed by white Institution 335, Carnegie No.

Washington. men, and none of it ever before

.

250 The Improvement Era for February, 1930

seen from the spreading viewpoint comb Mountains, dodged be- (?). Indian village (6 palmof the air. At our conference on tween two rainsqualls, and saw leaf huts in clearing) just (2

the evening of the return to Belize to the eastward the silver shine of mi.) W. (12.20) Off N., bush

we decided that we must definitethe sea. dry and gray, low, and can see

ly train ourselves to recognize The next few minutes brought ground now and then between treeshrouded mounds and pyraone of those incredible transitions trees. High bush seems to have

mids, to pick out from above, the possible only to the air traveler. ended at last site. (12.29) Cirvague, masked outlines of plazas We swung to the north, dipped cled low over Indian huts,

and temples. across the coastline and took the people running into houses and

smooth water at a little key miles into bush. (12.35) Six house

Over a Terrifying Region out in the Gulf of Honduras. village. (12.37) Bush dry and After anchoring the plane, we deader looking than ever, think

boat, these shed rubber of up the trees must and some pumped the eigth struck out we after leaves at this season. Small an hour rowed ashore. Half for Peten for searching CN again

ruins whose general location wc being over that ghastly, broken, rainsqualls all about, air already knew. In this way there interior wilderness, we were combumpy. (12.39) Large, low

were picked up the cities of Yaxha fortably cooking lunch under the mound directly below in Inand Nakum and by repeated low palms by the coral beach.

circling we taught ourselves this new technique of skyspying. Up the Coast From Belize

Soon we were off to Tikal and Uaxactun, thence easward to a r\N the fourth day we took off small region (probably new) that a little after ten, passed northcould be made out on the skyline from above Uaxactun, and so to the Laguna de Peten, where the

Guatemalan outpost town of Flores crowds a tiny island in the lake. "7E paid our respects to the LowerDr.photographS. G. Morleyby

view of the pyramid YV governor, who came out in a ancientUpper—AirMaya Uaxactun, Guatemala.at

ThisLower—Groundremarkable pyramidview.

was built about 2,000 years ago. Hidden by

tropical foliage, it was not discovered until 1916 when Dr. S. G. Morley,

of staff the of Carnegie Institution, it. came upon the For past four coastal the ward over swamps, years Oliver G. Ricketson, of the Carnegie

staff, has been directing inland, turned and in an excavation hour and study. This pyramid built wasits of uncut across beating the were jungle stone and faced with dazzling stucco. white

Four stairways to lead top. the Flanking Bacalar, "'\ west of where, Lake these stairways colossal are of fine, masks lime

to of the pairs thanks The upper our practice are in day stucco. the fashioned

before, we were able to pick up likenesspairs resembleof grotesueserpent'shumanheads.heads, theNearlowerthe

village of the south CocksIndian very in wild and Mountains comb inthree sets of mounds, one of which beginningerected a ofsecondthe Christianpyramid era,abovetheitinhabitants,thus comaccessible country. When the plane was evidently the centre of a very pletely covering it and preserving it in perfect

first head high over appeared many the about people were visible houses extensive city. Here we saw three structurecondition torevealedour day.what Removalis perhapsof thethe latermost

it dove down but when to photograph take this for Mrs. or four high pyramids, upon two beautifultecture thatexamplehas comeof ancientdown toAmericanus. archiLindbergh

the Indians disappeared, some into the of which could be glimpsed the houses and some into the bush. white walls of temples. dian clearing. (12.43) Turn climbthen Colonel Lindbergh due high toward pyramid W. us, greet surrounded by to launch feet to ed headthousand and two sighted Mrs. Lindbergh by and in dugout population the entire flat across great, the ed north

it for across heading uninnow fly southto rose then canoes; and plain of Yucatan. There were no habited country. (12.49) Anflat stretch of vast, a over hills ward valleys to the or even break other first to pyramid of N. woodland and savanna alternating treetops. spread the of Soon we one. of tributaries the northern toward see to the began eminences sharp

the Pasion River. of groups of ruins. Enormous Mounds at Coba

These streams traverse a terri- I quote from my air notes:

ble and (to fly over) a most terri- "Steep pyramid on N. hori- '"THESE groups, most of which

fying country, a confused welter zon (12.05); small lakes to are probably new, were plotof gorges and limestone pinnacles N. (12.07); another small ted by compasscourse and flying

smothered in a jungle so dense, so lake about 6 mi. E. (12.16). time. In some cases, they were

intertwined, so utterly hopeless to Now coming over pyramid (it still more definitely located by penetrate, save through the footwas visible 20 miles away) means of bearings taken on distant byfoot hacking of trails, that I Drop to about 100 feet landmarks.

think no one of us failed to give group contains one large pyraFor an hour or more we tacked a sigh of relief when we soared mid with three smaller ones back and forth, noting sites in all over an outlying spur of the Cocks100 yards E. of it on a plaza directions, flying close over the

The Improvement Era for February, 1930 251

largest ones and gradually workwell fed. That night we stayed me by the hand."Not a word

ing north until we saw poking at Cozumel island, where Panwas spoken. In turn each officer

up on the horizon the enorAmerican Airways has a base, recame forward, shook hands and mous mounds of Coba, an ancient visited Coba the next morning to embraced the commander. All then

Maya site which has been visited recheck our observations, and by silently followed him to the ferry, by fewer than a dozen white men. ten o'clock were headed for Cuba, where he embarked for WashingBy onethirty we were over it, Miami and home. ton.Thus closed his military career

anxious to land on one of the Theodore Parker said of him, little two lakes about which the ruler the of AngloSaxon "No Objectives of Survey Accomgreat forestburied buildings are great a repuso stock has obtained plished grouped. qualities'tation for the higher of

virtue. flights the everyone one than For more human **POURING years or statesman busy: was constantly thousand Colono dipped ",H[7E and the skimmed

nel to knees soldier left a so has Lindbergh with much name map on water, but Colonel Lindbergh shook bis head at the high kept track of courses, winddrift, be coveted. None ever became so

distances bedear estimated the to thoughtful of to and mantrees farther shore and on the we and generals, objects sighted. kind. tween the LindIn Mrs. long line of

tall "cascircle the rose again to tillo"and cross in a split second bergh, whose eyes are very keen, kings, and. emperors, from the first

last to president the like a or the and bush hawk, monarch three watched a that lowland swampy the photographs. took pope, for the so ranks none high DuVan years before cost Eric had Thompsen, crack excellence virtue."heroic our through prime of Ehmer,

a fullson of bitter and hour me bulletins sent operator, radio of sweating struggle.

progress to the PanAmerican baABRAHAM LINCOLN Belize. RicketUntil now everyone had been and ses at Miami

to of think but lunch, too busy as fast I filled notebooks son and is one LINCOLN A BRAHAM again high and jotting we write, aswhen swung could we down the beof universally most for coast the headed LindMrs. observations natopography, on

all in loved history, he men and chocolate forest, lakes, bergh produced ture of and occurrence of be. deserves to his story of The lit crackers. the time in streams, descriptions we swamps, and By

difficulties the overcoming his of at seato the ocean the ashore the ruins passof the of appearance go life early rise his to great a such and side ruin of over. been ed had we Tuluum eminence so beginnings from hard

and lowly, has put hope into the hearts of thousands of struggling boys. His resolute stand for the

right has helped countless souls to Washington and Lincoln be true to their obligations and

By BRYANT S. HINCKLEY ideals. His kindliness of heart and

President of Liberty Stake unfailing charity toward friend and foe makejnalice and intolerHTO all Americans the month of en years, of the United States a ance seem little and ignoble. His

February is eventful because it little more than eight years, and firm reliance upon the overruling records the birthdays of the first was the President of the United power of God, and the ultimate and the sixteenth president of the States for eight years, serving most triumph of righteousness sustained

United States. of the time without compensation. the nation during the awful con-

A span of seventyseven years In all, fortyfive years of his life flict, and finally won the war.

stretches between these birthdays, was devoted to public service. One of the picturesque and imand a short distance in miles beThere was a sympathy and tenderpressive things in our national

tween their birthplaces. In appearness, in the following event, which history is the calling of the sadance and personality there was a was not often manifest in the life faced, greathearted, man of the

sharp contrast between these men; of the general plains to the White House when

in their contribution to their counCornwallis surrendered on the the tempest of a mighty civil war try and the world, there is a striknineteenth of October, 1781, and was about to devastate the land.

ing parallel. Each gave the full the Treaty of Peace was concluded During the dark hours of that termeasure of his genius and his greatin Paris in 1783. The British rible storm, his gaunt figure shone

ness to the same cause. Each won. forces left American soil and through the smoke and din of batThe first is affectionately called the Washington resigned. The parttle like the rainbow of promise,

"Father of his Country,"and the ing of the men with the comand in those days of peril his second the "Savior of his Counmander was deeply touching. Adsublime faith in God is scarcely

try,"and in neither case is it a mere dressing them, Washington said, surpassed by the faith of the Hefigure of speech. "With heart full of love, and grabrew prophets. Before the awful

Washington was born Februtitude, I now take leave of you. I war had begun he said, "I know

ary 22, 1732, died Dec. 19, 1799, most devoutly wish that your latthere is a God and that he hates inaged 67 years, leaving a large ter days may be as prosperous and justice and slavery. * * * If he

estate, no children and bequeathing happy as your former ones have has a place and a work for me, and to Americans a character and service been glorious and honorable. I I think he has, I am ready."

beyond price. cannot come to each of you to take Clear in his thinking, strong for

The records show that he was in my leave, but I shall be obliged if the right, he stands as the tenderest the military service of Virginia seveach one of you will come and take memory of the age.

Spiritual Philosophy of Life A

By MILTON BENNION Dean of the School of Education, University of Utah

IV

Philosophic Grounds for Belief in Personal Immortality

most eminent philosDoes Mind Survive after Dissolution tibility of matter and the conTHEophers, both ancient and of the Body? servation of energy, both conmodern, have either asjf so, Does the Individual Mind Recepts that have, until very resumed to prove the immortality tain Its Personal Identity; or Is It Abcently, been regarded in physical

of mind, spirit, or soul; or they sorbed in a Universal Mind? science as thoroughly estabhave offered rational grounds for Assuming Personal Immortality to lished. Reasoning by analogy,

faith in immortality. Among Be a Fact, What of Its Nature and Sig it is contended that mind also

these philosophers Plato is espenificance? may be equally imperishable,

daily notable. He held that the that death is merely a transforele- essential in mation which no its soul of the includesimmortality the order of universe, moral which lost. of can be ment mind One itspreexistence as as well survival be in must grounded God. The this of presentation arguof formafter death. arguvariety of A reality the the highest of good and is to Fiske's in be ment found John in or offered proofsments were 2 the consciousof moral demands It Everlasting. Life be should this,support of one them among ness together, called held, for Kant that noted whil argument from trie basedbeing unity an'and upon as personal a necessary immortality r fruitfulfruitful anaana riyhv aa mamavsubstantiality sutsu of soul the as mdicondition of dede Jg7i ogv a pothesis,or realizingreallzmg be of ground may theseese itscated the or control rule of by

'ands it is faith as logic regarded not m \, a playedbody. argument This f u ftU,.line for of AnotherAf thought arproving anything. stronger Asignificant later part in philosophlaid the foundations, which Kant a as basis faith inlgument in ofical systems.

and one that has been given much mortality may be developed diweight by some eminent recent rectly from the fact and the need also the that held A RISTOTLE relates philosophers, to unrealthe the spiritual of conservation of-** is "active reason"imperishity time. of held that time Kant resources faith conjoined in with

it isable, as also beginwithout is a intuition, of innot form an in or the ultimate the of good Godning. great which emphasis The reality existing dependently such is world. there meassome That

reason,Aristotle placed upon itself as conceived to mind was be. ure spiritual valconservation of of

is quite charactergenerallywhich held Royce Both Munsterberg and is ues fact; that indisputable an

istic of Greek thought, doubtless that time is relative to action only, there is generally recognized need led him to single out this aspect that it is, therefore, no part of ulof such conservation is also a fact.

of for survival after death. mind reality timate cannot, thereand facts has need the with to do What

is in contrast withThis somewhat fore, a factor be the in terminating real life, existence? of In humanthe idea Christian of the imporexistence of mind. least, at greatest very much. The

itstance relations personal of with in civilization, values physboth lovecorresponding emphasis upon ical spiritual, realthe have been and of common sense way the '"TO rather thanand service, upon ized in needs. response to thinking this argument human may life. intellectualpurely

is a to It This world, be dynamic seem untenable. a world wholly

The arguments for immortality should be noted, however, that a of perpetual creative activity, with brought forward by the earlier variation of the same thought apmind as the most ultimate and philosophers came to be accepted pears in the field of theology quite most fundamental creative force.

as proofs coordinate with the philindependently of philosophy. In The reasons for this assertion have

osophical proofs of the existence of the Apocalypse, for instance, is a already been given and will not be

God and of the fact of human freephrase, "that there should be time repeated here. It is a fact of comdom; hence it has often been said no more;"1 while in some modern mon experience that as life develthat philosophy gave us God, freetheological discourse reference is ops new needs arise, and that new

dom, and immortality. made to time and eternity, with the values arise in response to these

implication that time belongs to needs. Spiritual values are, in

all rejected of these proofsIT'ANT this experience only. mundane social large measure, as preserved

their** as offered such in and for argument immortality An that values in race edthe of by means faith.stead for rational grounds is closely allied more with modern ucation, in sense the broadest of theHis based argument was upon is science the indestrucbased upon

demands of ethics, which required 2Page 68, Houghton Mifflin 8 Co.,

the reality of the highest good, a iRev. 10:6. Boston.

The Improvement Era for February, 1930 253

individuals. that term. greatest all subdivision This of vaguewas The is a reality, aspect fundamental of

ly it, indicated in but could not have spiritual values, is that however, that one therefore, cannot, be lost been clear made without matter. Thus of personal itself. character Does in eternity. is the This meaning souls are continually created, being which, this perish death, with or do we nevertheless, of personal in a certain in sense contrast immortality preexisted.

have reasonable grounds for belief * * * although it must undergo its viciswith that theory which identifies * * situdes. that it is destiny consciousof * The conserved by means of immortality with the the life of

is * * * ness not bound up with personal immortality? infinite the one spirit. and absolute * * destiny * cerebral of matter.

"As the smallest grain of dust is bound Howison's point of view is in op-

A COMMON sense objection to up with our entire solar system, * * * position to the theory that identi- * * all so organized beings, the from this is humblest belief fies in the grounded life immortality wholly with to the highest, first the from origins of fact that have we no surhere is life in that idea how any and now life the to time in are, which in and we vival of the livthe mind without as imperishable fact historic an all places as times, in all evidence do but ing body can be possible. In reply a single impulse, the inverse of the moveand is on this account immortal.

but not as proof it may be said that ment of matter, and in itself indivisible. Howison's theory is also in opAll living the all together, hold yield and is such existence inconceivable not position to the that such view imto the same anitremendous push. The is nor its possibility more wondermortality is as there in the be may its takes mal plant, stand the beon man

fact ful than is the of conception life race of the only, inin the strides not animality, the of whole and huand growth of the individual in manity, in space and in time, is one imdividual.

this life. Were this not a matter of mense army galloping beside and before

each and behind in an of us overwhelming experience, its possibility would ImmorMay Personal be charge, able resistance What to beat every down equally open to question. tality We Do For Us? clear obstacles, the and formidable most

cannot, therefore, regard this as a perhaps even death."3

valid objection to belief in immorHowison answers:

tality. Royce is more definitely com- "It provides for ourselves, for each of

to inthe mitted that the thought them (us) individually, a in place the scientific against The arguments world not is of merely consequences dividual the in and absorbed Absobelief in personal are immortality effects, mediate but of primary unand lute Spirit. this regards Howison based the commonly causes. seeming mediated upon it gives Hence assurus as resulting loss inevitably in of ance that death no dependence consciousness than of more other any upon identity personal therefore, and, in event in is experience our end close, and the functioning of brain. the In loss of personal that but immortality. it, survive we ourselves the springs response this to reobjection some that organize experience. It us shows poscent philosophers, 1 them among sessed, intrinsically, of the very roots and opposition as to Royce's view TN sources James, William of have suggested that perception, its: not merely of * to the nature the of immortal experienced fact, and so as; presents the is us function the of transbrain

missive, not productive; that death, life Howison holds that the mostpossessed of power to rise beyond thein and through the is act very ultimate reality of not one absotherefore, grave—yes, that brain the means worlds new of perception. lute death—into society a but mind of minds, ceases to transmit action mental it "Accordingly, matches the Christian all out of no one relations to the improvement rather to ceases the than older upon that mind conception of

rest, as the society term implies, the future ascent the to exist. carries the argument This

* doctrine * * of 'resurrection'existence—the each but having, nevertheless, a dethe supimplication that not does mind plementing of immortality the exaltaby gree of independence, of selfactiv- existence into the adventcome with tion of the 'body,'or sense life. perceptive ity, of identity, personal and maniassociated of the or other brain ourselves As the causal sources of the fested in selfself-knowledge and perceived its world and that, cosmic order, organs, in bodily but some we

form, it preexists as well as that it control. Howison holds further are not destined to any colorless life of

ideas, bare to 'some spectral that this identity, of personal woof imwhich If survives the death of the body. palpable abstractions or unearthly ballet part of experience, our everyday a is to eternity, and ismind belongs of bloodless categories,'are but perto go

ceptively in processes cause of theprimary in onward exercising perpetuum, 3Creative Evolution, pp. 26971, Henforever inherent our of framing power it excreation, well be assumed ry may Holt S Co., New York.

perience, of begetting of sensecol- worlds is itself creation a the that brain ored variety definiteness, and in their long its in this as instrumentof mind career surely of higher higher and sub4physical world and that the surTX HERE is, I know not how, in tlety, refinement, beauty, and goodness."

vival of the creative power is not the minds of men, a certain presage, dependent upon survival of its own as it were, of a future existence; and Speaking further of the nature

product. thts takes the deepest root and is of the immortal life, J. A. Leighmost discoverable, in the greatest ton says:

geniuses and exalted most souls.—self inhabit, "A after may death, a difhowever,PHILOSOPHERS, Cicero.

finer, ethereal I body. add, may* fer survives as to whether mind

as merely a personal statement, I that am exin the here personal form, form unable to form clear any image or conbirth sleep a a Our is but andperienced, it is absorbed or whether forception of the nature and conditions.oi getting,

existence of infinite a purely inin or spirit.. absolute disembodied an mind life's soul rises that in us, The our * * T

lost. all selves are separatewhich star,

persistence "The and continued funcits elsewhere setting, indefinite Hath had stand on somewhatA tioning of the spirit core of selfhood is a cometh afar; And from thethis yet for question, strong matter of rationally justified faith. The entire in forgetfulness, Not is indicated degreeimmortality of mind, character and of continued personal, in utter not nakedness, And

identity remain, must the passages thein from following standfrom trailing clouds glory of But do we point of philosophy, a matter of conto consciousReferringBergson. come 5 jecture."

is God, our home. From whoness says: he

"Ode on Intima-—Wordsworth, Limits 4The of Evolution and Other tions of Immortality,"flows the current, through running "On Essays, 302-3. pp. The MacMillan Co.,

itself generations, into subdividinghuman York. New

254 The Improvement Era for February, 1930

What, If Anything, Has the joys to an ever increasing commuthis account she very much appreLife Here and Now to Do nity of immortal souls. ciated that photo of Geo. A.

With Eternal Life? Smith.'

conclusion, with mind may TN to'years, all these "After and Dr. Leighton answers: * as conceived good reason be great surprise, prothe our the doctor

vital final all is; is cause life and eternal of that "This here and now in taken the old duced photograph

liveto the and for values higher know the creaphysical as organism, the

I the 6 in Cairo. think Egypt; Onof spirit."the life tion the of or of which mind of picture the the written back was

it is the natural temporal and other Smith. as 'George following: words, said, has been A.TN manifestation. the then, In man,-* is life this First a President to eternity; in Counselor B. moment

as be brain regarded the organ mayit is of Jesus therefore the of to Church opportunity an Young it is best of because mind, probablyenter Saints.'life of Latterday that Christ type of upon which

suited the to the nature of worldis is "It to necessary eternal of perpetuation. say worthy hardly

is of which man Thus now a part. this that the prizes thought, doctor to worthy us coming A great it is conceived reasonable to suppicture fact that highly. alteachers, very of all the Masterfrom The

that other under conditions angle, pose the theologicalthough from this same have mind may like to or may itduringhas beenall theseso carefullyyears attestspreservedthatseems have import:

"And this is life eternal, that they create other means of manifesting fact."

itself, expressing means suitthe truemight only God, know thee, and and Reference to the ChroChurch 7Jesus Christ, able sent."hast thou to these other conditions whom indicates President that and nology

its to social connections. These new left Salt Geo. Smith's party A. these eter-"D points of view means, the being not to adapted ROM Sept. City, and, Lake 15, 1872,*- life nal regarded, be not of expepresent our world may after cities visiting important many as rience, endless a life duration,merely of naturally bar- a be would route, en arrived in FebJerusalem

be, in instances, rierwhich against some bemay communications ruary 25, 1873. Sunday, On life,a as rather miserable very but the the tween departed of "world

2, they held solemn March worlife of a very enduring of type spirits"an the of our and world ship historic the of on Mount spiritual quality; is a type of present experience.high It this barOlives.

life that should, normally, be in rier that psychic research is seekprogress here and now in the pering to overcome by scientific means. Subsequently they visited many

sons of each of us. While such a Believers in divine revelation, howof the places made memorable belife offers opportunity for unlimitever, hold that under certain condicause of their association with the

ed progress in intelligence and tions of religious faith this barrier earthly ministry of our Lord.

knowledge, with equal or even is, in some degree, surmounted. President Booth continues: "We

greater significance it offers opporhave just had a delightful visit tunities for creation of additional from Miss Maud May Babcock values, for growth in love, and apand the four young ladies who are preciation, for increase in the joys L N time there is no present, traveling with her. They are the

of existence and extension of these In eternity no future, Misses Phyllis Stohl, Lethe ColeIn eternity no past. man, Lois Fairbanks, and Oleta

the Cosmos, and 5Man "The How and Jex."p. 463. D.—Tennyson, Co., York.Appleton & New Why, St. 1. 6 Dr. Kiwar was present at the re464. lbid. p.

'St. John 17:3. cital given by Miss Maud May

Babcock at Haifa, Nov. 1, and

warmly complimented the reader

Bit of Forgotten History afterMagdalene."her presentationHe is fatherin-lawof "Mary A By HUGH J. CANNON to secretary Taylor of the office

of district commissioner, Coleville, letter written University a personal of Beirut, sixtyis nowTJROM at Haifa.

is six years old, Booth Joseph Wilford blind and though* by Pres.

not long before his death, t which one of the best informed men in "While our Utah guests, Miss occurred in Aleppo, Syria, Dec. 5, Haifa. We had a delightful visit Babcock and party, were here, Mr.

1928, the following excerpts are with him. He was extremely kind Taylor did all in his power to

taken and affable, and related to us, with make their visit a pleasant one.

"Very few of the readers of the much emotion, thefollowing expe- "Sister Mary R. Booth and the

Era will remember the visit of rience: When he was a small boy, writer had the pleasure of touring

Pres. Geo. A. Smith, Lorenzo about eleven years of age, a 'MorPalestine in a big '8 passsenger'car.

Snow, Eliza R. Snow, et al., to mon'apostle, with others, called We listened again with much

Palestine in 1873, when the secat his father's houseiand paid them pleasure to our wonderful reader, ond dedicatory prayer was offered a visit which he has never forgotat the Y. M. C. A. in Jerusalem,

on the Mount of Olives, in preparten. Dr. Kiwar said the visitors as she gave to a spell -bound audiation for the long predicted 'homeleft a Book of Mormon with the ence 'Caesar and Cleopatra'by

coming'of the scattered Children family, and one of the men, whose Bernard Shaw.

of Israel. name was George A. Smith, also "On Sunday, Nov. 11, we met

"Recently we met a fine old gave his photo to the boy's mothin an upper room at the Majestic gentleman here in Haifa who told er, because said he, 'Mr. Smith hotel in Jerusalem, and there for

us an interesting bit of -news of looked so much like my mother's the first time in Palestine we held fiftyfive years ago. Dr. Nasif brother who had died without ever a sacrament meeting, at which all

Kiwar, a graduate of the American having had a picture taken. On present, bore a faithful testimony."

Out of Bumine %\VY WILLIAMS STONE \)

Chapter Three

sentence imposed upon dried bark and leaves concealed allTHESilas Hoggan was indeterevidence of freshly turned earth.

the unsuspecting Cassie held And to twentyfive minate—one tenderly; rejoiced in baby newyears. There could be doubt he her no

had had a hand in the kidnapping. her fine features and promise of

Some confederate had taken the beauty, and marveled at the skill child back to the Hoggan cabin in of Granny Turner who had saved

Crow's Nest. Judge Harrison was them both. No need to burden

positive, even the sheriff suspicious. Steve with the price of them fancy

So the third degree wore on, the doctors. Granny had done so

judge's nerves taut, his patience well.

gone. Echo Harrison fluctuated beThe defeated searchers returned

tween hysterical consciousness and to their routine of life. Rumors of

druginduced coma. An efficient, a strange peddler, of suspicious

motherly nurse came and took looking tourists, of passing gypsies complete charge of the young spread about the town. Judge

Portia. From the hour of Pamela's Harrison grew morose and stern,

disappearance, the remaining child refused to discuss his loss, ordered was never left alone. Echo to refrain from mentioning

"If you don't return the child, the lost baby. But though he

unharmed, I'll give you the limit,"might instruct his sister Eunice, it thundered the judge. "You'll stay night 'fore the trial. She had cared was without avail. She was ever

in prison twentyfive years. You'll for the mother, who had almost watching, hoping, confident that

die there."died. They wanted no babies that some day the child would return.

'Pears like I nary had 'nough (.he Lord didn't send proper. The Old Silas Hoggan lost his

vittles fer weuns,"mused old Silas. farm was too poor, the soil too identity under a number; lost his

"The old woman ain't got no time thin, it didn't give livin''nough beloved jug, his faithful dog. But

fer babies. She'll be poor fed for the children they already had. in their stead came the comforting

when I ain't thar. She can't tend Cassie Turner lay in the corner assurance of plentiful food, a bed

no least one. Youns go see."bed, nursing her infant. Wrapped better than any he had ever known,

"If you return the child I'll in the half of a drab, worn blanket, and weekly rations of tobacco. He

rescind your sentence,"comprowearing a gown shaped from a puttered about the penitentiary, bemised the judge. "Perhaps I was sack, the baby whimpered mourncoming a small authority on the

too severe."Vision of a tortured fully and blended with its environtaming of wild birds. Being nathaby, of a neglected child made ment. The posse, headed by the urally indolent, he cheerfully gave

him shudder. The baby must be none too zealous sheriff, glanced the State the responsibility of his

found at the infant on the arm of the support. If he had any regrets

semibewildered Cassie, and hastily about his incarceration, it was to withdrew. How could mere men mildly wonder "Ef the old woman O UT even the promise distinguish tiny babies? How war a makin'it."

of complete freedom brought no could they question a mother's eviconfession from old Silas. He redence, or a grim old midwife? Beiterated one thought, "Weuns ain't sides, witnesses were plentiful that JYLlSS Eunice Harrison

got that thar least one."And the the baby had been expected. never had an opportunity to tell

old lady echoed after him, "Weuns her brother of her fears for his perain't never seed that thar baby!"sonal safety. James always abrupt-

A posse of citizens combed the jT EVE Turner, ly changed the subject whenever country side, swooped down on strangely docile, volunteered to she attempted it. So, hoping to

"Crow's Nest unexpectedly, searchlead them about the mountains. placate the anger of Steve Turner,

ed the home of every dweller. But He furnished copious family hisshe sent his family frequent gifts.

-each home already possessed tories and gave no hint of a secret Once a month the mailman left a abundant children. Least ones of grudge against Judge Harrison. package in their crossroads box.

varying ages crawled about on the And while he led the searchers Warmer clothes for winter, gifts bare floors, lay on blankets or sat hither and yon, the old mother for the children. Soft slippers for

in the dooryards and gaped at the buried the beautiful clothes and the old grandmother, a sweater for visitors. At the home of Steve the locket marked "Pamela"under the growing boy, a fancy dish for

Turner the stern visaged old moththe cellar floor. When she was Cassie, furlined gloves for Steve.

er received her inquisitors with digpositive no eye could watch, she The box never failed to arrive, nified reserve. made certain the soil lay flat unalthough Steve Turner never gave

Yes, they had a baby, born the der a large walnut tree, and that any comment, either of approval 256 The Improvement Era for February, 1930

or resentment. Cassie, however, cism, and her sister Millie evaded ed softened by the firelight. At

voiced loud praise for the "Town or dallied over allotted tasks, little the most thrilling chapters she

Lady'and reared the children to Curly saw beauty all about her. dropped her knitting to listen betlove her memory. The sting of She saw cause for rapture in the ter. Steve Turner often put up his

poverty was allayed for the mounsunset, saw beauty in the flash of a gun and drew nearer. Bud forgot

tain mother by the generous gifts blackbird's wing and fantastic fighis whittling. Cassie stood on the

and the drab monotony of her narures in the glowing embers of the edge of the circle, glorifying in the row life was relieved by anticipaoutdoor fire. The autumnal leaves "larnin"of her last one. Only

tion. Nearly every box contained were a source of joy, and the rare Millie remained aloof. No story

a book, and these were laid away glimpse of a cardinal repaid days ever held her flighty attention.

with awe and reverence. of drudgery. Having attained her growth early,

In striking contrast to the other she boasted of physical prowess two children's heavy, black hair, and exacted service from the delithe least one had bright soft curls. 1 OILSOME home cate Curly from sheer dominance

the long hot sumwork through of bodily strength.

first after "Weuns oughter call her curly,"mer. the Nut gathering

ventured Cassie, running her hardfrost, then school! Blessed sesame

ened hand through the golden to a starved soul! Through the Millie disliked the

mass. "I never seed sich hair afore. pers istent efforts of Miss Eunice school. "I hate that thar school,"

Taint like ourn. Harrison a real teacher had come she grumbled. "Them figgers is

"My pappy's ma had hair that to Crow's Nest. The school house too hard. Seven times eight is

away,"prompted the old granny had been repaired and attendance fiftyfour."

quickly. "Nary a black hair. I was made compulsory. Thus on "No, Millie,"corrected Curly

aims ter dye that thar least one's winter mornings, Bud broke a with infinite patience. "Seven

head. 'Taint purty that away, trail through the heavy snow and times eight is fiftysix. I showed

Buddy's hev ter get walnuts, and Millie, complaining against the youns that yesterday."

I aims ter mix a good bit o'dye hard "larnins"plodded behind "Then six times nine is the and fix it up black come summer.'him. Little Curly, always hugsame too. Fiftysix."

ging one of the precious books "No, Millie! Six times nine is

which she had discovered in the fiftyfour. Remember the nines

1 HUS the infant Pacorner cupboard, brought up the are easy the way Teacher showed mela grew to childhood, her golden rear. She was unmindful that her you. One less than ten each time.

curls losing their luster through feet were often wet. The meagre Thirtysix, fortyfive, fiftyfour."

frequent "dippings."She learned contents of her lunch box gave her "Hound an'dawg is the same,"

the mountain life, ate its coarse no concern. Wasn't the Little persisted Millie stubbornly. "But

foods, faced its hardships. BareLame Prince flying on his magic that thar reader book makes 'em

footed, she plodded along the corn carpet, or Little Lord Fauntleroy look mighty different. An'why

rows, dropping the seed until her about to find his mother? She does they have ter say house an'

child shoulders ached. Under the learned quickly, displaying a keen cabin? Ain't they the same?"

direction of the gaunt, vigilant brain, and leaving her mountain "I aims ter quit school,"she granny, she spread the precious companions far behind. complained another day. "I aims

wool on the shed roof to dry. She She performed her evening tasks ter larn spinnin'. I aims ter marry.

is a talkin'ter mehelped to husk corn and shelled w { th lightning rapidity, then setAbe Walters the rough kernels until her little tied before the bright embers of now. He's a goin'ter quit too.

hands bled. She early learned to the kitchen grate with a precious He ain't afeared. I'm most fifteen

distinguish between the doty chips book, whose printed message had now, an'Ma war married ter Pa and the burnable wood. She toted been so long closed against the fore she war sixteen!""O Millie,

water from the well up the path family. As she read aloud, with youns wouldn't quit the teacher!

to the house. She soon learned to her eager vibrant voice and brilThe law makes youns go."

feed the fire under the huge pots Hant eyes, one by one the family "I ain't afeared,"boasted Millie, when "bilin'down"sorghum. She joined the circle. The bony conwith a toss of her black, thick hair.

became skilled in drying squash for tour of the old grandmother seem- "I aims ter set up with Abe.

winter, in gathering the vines full Youns needn't ter of dried beans, which Bud hung tell Pa. I ain't a

ter school rafters. comin'the ceiling Her barefrom /-- freckled no more."her and rough,legs became

feet tough and grimy. She took "O Millie, you

her turn at the outdoor wash wouldn't!"Curly's

tubs, and the delicately quick brain and constant practice moulded body, thus taxed, in reading was fast adjusting her created an eager appetite. speech to that of Teacher.

Thus the heavy corn "Youns better keep ter mounbread, the fat pork, the tain talk,"cautioned Millie. "Pa

flour thickened hominy will take youns outer that thar and the sunburned potaschool. Youns air gettin'too

toes were like ambrosia to much larnin'."

the ever hungry child. But Utt!e Cudy saw beauty aU ahom hef * * * *

while Bud hoed in the and the rare gumpse f a cardinat repaid days of 1 ER morrow,"congarden with dogged stoidrudgery. tinued Millie, "I'm agoin'. I'm

The Improvement Era for February, 1930 257

startin'ter school, same as you an'"No more doty chips,"beamed

Bud. I aint'agoin'. I aims ter Cassie, her broken, decayed teeth

go nuttin'with Abe. Weuns fetch becoming super prominent. "That

some more walnuts, so Granny kin war lucky youns chased that thar dip youns'head agin."purty bird, Curly."

"I don't want it dipped!"protested Curly. "I want it gold!"

Ef you ain't ter school, Bud'll tell OTEVE Turner rose

Pa."slowly to his full height and

Millie, towering above her leaned upon his gun. "This hyar

smaller sister, raised a threatening farm is wuth money,"he mused.

hand. "I mind how that thar jedge

"Bud he'd best ter hold his wanted et. I seed coal a burnin'

tongue. Ef youn's tell, I'll waldown ter that thar Court House.

lop yer!"Then seeing no sign of This hyar farm's his'n. Taint

weakening in the smaller girl, she our'n."He glanced toward his

cast about for better means of enmother and the same defiant, unforcing her threat. "Ef youn's conquerable motive marked both

tell Pa, I'll burn them thar books! their faces. "'Fore that thar

An',"she continued, triumphant Curly grabbed the bucket and hurried jedge gets this hyar farm, he's that her last threat had struck down the path. agoin'ter pay plenty,"he threathome, "I aims ter have that thar ened. "Hyar, Millie. Quit alookin'

yellar dress what the Town Lady place. Then she gave chase to the in that thar lookin'glass. Youns

sent an'the red shawl too. Youns elusive bird. and Curly fetch this coal ter the

kin tell Granny youns give 'em ter stove!"Shouldering his gun he

me. Youns kin hev the book and marched off; erect, defiant, revengere- ful. both the tooth brushes. A snuff AilN hour later she

pick is fancy 'nough fur me!"turned, breathless and fearful over That night the circle gathered

the fate of the pot of sorghum. close about the glowing hearth,

Had the kettle boiled over, spilling with Curly and the new book as the precious ceased sweet? next morning Had it the center. T HE to boil? that be Granny inspected would theGranny Turner 'This hyar ramrod's a right

crown of Curly's head critically. A angry! Certain of punishment she smart cleaner."It was the first

line of bright hair made sharp conran around the corner of the house praise Steve Turner had ever made trast with the black ends. "I aims and came upon a startling scene. of any of Miss Eunice's gifts.

ter dip that agin,"she commented. Granny was down on her knees "That fire's some purty,"mut-

"O Granny, leave it be,"proon one side of the fire. Steve tered the old grandmother. "Weuns

tested the meek Cassie. "Et's that Turner was similarly stooped at alivin'right side them black rocks

purty!"the other side. Cassie was standalways, and awishin'they was

"Youns ma's ma hed hair that ing nearby, eyes bulging, mouth gone!"

away,"the old mouth set in grim agape. Bud bad hurried in from "Youns kin tote et in when

lines, "An'she died ycung. Folks the garden, hoe in hand. Even youns wants et,"Bud was elated

need thick, black hak ter live Millie seemed interested. The stick over his relief as a wood gatherer.

long. That thar gold riair makes of hickory wood was entirely "I aims ter quit cuttin'hickory

risins too."burned, but the kettle continued to now."

clear bubble. The "Whar's Millie?"Steve spoke After Curly's hair had been boil—an even,

dipped until the gold line had comtwo rocks were afire burnina, up, quickly suspicious over her abpletely disappeared, Granny set emitting a bright, warm glow! sence.

Curly to feed the fire under the "Whar youns get that thar "She's poorly,"Cassie's defense huge pot of sorghum. black rock?"demanded Steve. of her absent daughter was over

"Youns aim ter keep et abilin',""Over yonder."Curly pointed eager. "She ain't lookin'pert

she admonished. "When et biles a shaky finger at her find. nowadays. She's got risins on her

right smart, ets sweeter, et is. 'Them thar rocks is a burnin'neck, she has."

Don't feed them thar doty chips. like good wood,"added Granny. "That thar Abe Walters needn't

Watch et smart.""Better'n wood; better'n hickory."ter come hereabouts,"muttered

Curly intentions were good. She "O Pa, et's coal! Teacher told Steve ominously. "Curly, youns

really wanted to please old Granus. She showed us in a book, how kin read some more. That Prince

ny. But a cardinal, a beautiful folks digs it outer the ground!"sure had his troubles."

fellow, colored like the shawl MilBud dropped his hoe and ran to lie had appropriated, flew past. She the spot Curly had indicated.

had to find out where he nested. 'There's more Pa—lots more!"TiHE story progressed

Quickly she cast about for means 'This hyar farm is mighty poor until Steve Turner raised an of preserving the fire for a few minfur crops. Et's got coal. I heerd authoritative hand. He strode to

utes. Doty chips would kill it. tell of that thar stuff. Weuns has the water bucket and rattled the

She saw two fair sized, blackish got rich!"Granny got stiffly to dipper against the empty pail sugrocks protruding from the ground. her feet. gestively. Bud paid no heed, CasWith a great effort she pried them "No more hickory ter fetch!"sie continued to pound her dough,

loose and placed them on the fire Bud threw his dilapidated cap inthe old grandmother took up her to hold a stick of hickory wood in to the air. (Continued on page 300)

Briefer Ag,ain Fights the Indians By CARTER E. GRANT

Note: This, the sixth of a series of frontier narratives, is written

by Carter E. Grant. The five articles published by the "Era"are, "In

the Death Grip of a Grizzly;""On the Trail Ahead of the Mormons;"

"When Jed met the Comanches;""Jim Bridger Encounters the Red

Man;"and "The first White Man to View the Great Salt Lake."

more than likely that these men, greatest reluctance."Only by

knowing of the rich strike close at reading such inaccurate reports can hand and seeing the desert stretches one realize the dearth of knowledge of the southern sandridge unexisting at that time about the vast marked by any streams as far as country between the Continental

Jim Bridger the eye could see, immediately Divide and the faroff Pacific.

THEdiscovered"Arm ofin theour Pacific"last storyas catch.busiedgroups themselvesofWelltrappersthey knewwithwouldthethatsoonbeaverotherarcomprisingWhatdred milesa revelationdesertof tracklesswastesthis sevenandcountry,snowhun-

by James Bridger was soon rive, ready to divide the spoils. capped mountains, would have

found to be an inland salt sea, and, Therefore, it is thought that they been to General Ashley could he by the trappers and writers of preimmediately began trapping up the have boarded a modern "flyer"and pioneer days, was called 'The rivers, proceeding into Summit swooped across to the Pacific!

Grand Salt Lake,"being thus descounty, past the Kamas prairie, What a transformation of maps ignated in 1826 in General Wilwhere they met General Ashley, would have followed, for in all liam Ashley's legal papers. Three Sublette, Jedediah S. Smith, Jackthis vast triangular space between

of Ashley's men as you have read, son and other great leaders, and the Snake and the Colorado no reached this inland sea within a then followed with the crowd to river rising in the Rockies reached few months of each other. A word the rendezvous on the Green river, the sea.

on this matter: Bridger discovered 1825, the first trapper's "reunion"

the lake and tasted its waters in the to be held within the confines of

Beckwourthlate fall of 1824. When Weber the Rocky Mountains. IJAMES

river froze, Provot came out of and Washington Irving have each are informed that "this was painted glowing pictures of thisWeber canyon and saw the shining We waters to the westward, but as far a felicitous meeting, and Ashley first Rocky Mountain rendezvous great interest, each heard with from river, of Green on the which we nothing heas knew know we leaders, a recital of their of the already written. have General As "salty"unbeing the watersabout

til so informed the next spring by travels and adventures, and espeAshley built no blockhouses, or

James Bridger; Jedediah S. Smith cially of the extent and condition forts, he chose accessible feed

coming north through the Raft of the fur trade as they had obgrounds in various centers for tradRiver country from beyond the served it."To one living one ing places, and to these "RenSnake river, also fell upon the hundred years away from those dezvous"from the most remote

inland sea in the early spring of exciting times, it hardly seems posstreams and lakes, flocked the 1825. sible that the waters found by mountaineers. Others came from

Bridger, Provot and Smith, should the East over a long hot trail, for upon Ashley's map shown great St. as the train of supplies from writers claim be jOME river, the navigable a great mythinvariably arrived Louis in midturned and Provotthat Bridger

southward over the sand ridges beical "Buenaventura,"flowing westsummer. This season also grayond the Weber river from Proward into the bay of San Francisco. ciously favored the trapper, for

vot's winter quarters of 182425, However, Ashley himself declares pelts were not taken during the west of Ogden, and that these men that the river followed by Bridger, "mothering"days of the beaver.

even skirted the Salt Lake to the Provot, Smith, meaning the WeThus the men gathered to the suppresent site of Salt Lake City, and ber; emptied into a large lake ply camps, bearing their wealth

possibly to the Utah Lake. Anythrough which one might easilv bound in dried packs of peltries. At

way, by the middle of June, 1825, sail to the mighty Pacific. In July, this first rendezvous in the history

they were on the Green river at 1825, he writes: "The necessity of of western America, Beckwourth,

Henry's Fork, having already my unremitted attention to my who was present, informs us that finished their spring trapping on business prevented me from gratiabout eight hundred people gaththe Weber and Ogden rivers. As fying a great desire to descend the ered, onehalf of whom were womno white man before this time had river [Weber] to the ocean, which en and children, spouses and offtrapped the Weber or Ogden, it is I ultimately declined with the spring of the trappers. He states

The Improvement Era for February, 1930 259

that whiskey "flowed like water"and that following the rollicking nights of careless sport and gambling many of the "free trappers"ended their glory in a "borrowing state,"having to lease themselves out for a year to company 'managers in order to even up *m 1$H%.-:-.,.3m.their accounts.

.

WiHEN General Ashley withdrew, in 1825, his long train of pack animals carried more wealth than any other like outfit in the history of the mountains, writers placing the figures from one Early Inhabitants of the Plains to two hundred thousand dollars worth of furs. The general, finding his own horses altogether inadequate, was compelled to borrow a the mountains accompanied by an there occurred an awful explosion,

battalion from the Hudson Bay abundance of men and some three resembling thunder, immediately a

Company trappers who had come hundred pack animals, all headed huge volume of water shot high in from the Columbia river, and for the meeting place below Ogden into the air, falling in torrents also a number from the Salt Lake on the Weber. around him, almost washing him

men in order that the stacks of along with it. To be sure, at these

furs piled in great heaps in Ashstrange stories, the mountain men ley's outdoor trading post might A]LFTER Bridger and laughed, nudging one another, not be loaded and started for the States. his men saw General Ashley's knowing then how truthfully

Jim Bridger and Jedediah Smith wealth of furs deposited in bull Bridger spoke.

with some thirty or forty other boats on the rough waters of the men were chosen to accompany the Big Horn, they retraced their steps outfits, Smith going all the way to to the Green river, turning thence By the late fall of

St. Louis, but Bridger only as far northward over the mountains to 1825, Bridger was again back at

as the navigable waters of the Big the head waters of the Snake and Willow Valley, (Cache Valley)

Horn. The incidents on this danthe Jackson Hole country. Bridger near the place from which he cut

gerous journey have already been seems to have hidden himself from himself loose a little more than a told in the articles on Jedediah S. view this particular fall, some year before in a bull boat for the

Smith. While at St. Louis, Ashwriters claiming that during this Great Salt Lake. Just at this time

ley agreed to sell his holdings to time he went into the Yellowstone Beckwourth with seventy trappers

Smith, Sublette and Jackson, but National Park country, thereby sent by Ashley, arrived on the the general was to furnish supplies becoming the first white man to see scene. Beckwourth states in his

once a year, sending a large train these wonderful expressions of najournal that the general offered him to the appointed rendezvous. Acture. Soon after this Jim began $1000 for making the long trip,

cordingly these first trailbreakers telling strange stories about "hot guiding the new men to their destiof the "Oregon Trail"turned springs"and of places where the nation and announcing to Sublette westward by the Platte in the early ground trembled as he walked, and that Ashley was willing to sell to spring of 1826, (twentyone years where in one small crater he heard Smith, Sublette and Jackson and ahead of the Pioneers), going into a terrible gurgling roar and then agreeing to accompany a great pack train to the Salt Lake rendezvous at the forks of the Weber and Ogden in the early summer of 1826.

Therefore, before the winter snow set in, the various trappers cached their furs in Cache Valley and moved winter quarters to the Weber. This was Provot's camping

grounds of the year previous, and altogether a very acceptable territory for wintering animals. It was

here that the Bannocks stole eighty horses and carried them to the

Portneuf country, near Pocatello.

The story of the fight is told in our third article of this series.

/\LTER, writing on "James Bridger,"says, "The Salt 260 The Improvement Era for February, 1930

Lake rendezvous that winter, at the weeks these primitive navigators Portneuf, found a hornet's nest of present site of Ogden City, was one rowed slowly around the lake near Blackfeet there. Immediately a

of the greatest gatherings of the the shore in quest of beaverbear- sharp battle took place. We are

kind known to mountaineers. ing streams, and also for the outlet informed that swift retribution

Hundreds of trappers from all of the lake. As fresh water inlets overtook the Indians and that the

parts of the west came to avail were comparatively scarce, espewhite men withdrew with five themselves of the agreeable comcially along the barren westerly longhaired scalps, while the sixth pany and the genial climate. A shore, the trapper explorers suffered coveted prize before it could be

great many of the older men had intensely at times for drinking wa- "lifted"jumped into the river on squaw wives, and families of chilter; they also experienced a short- a wounded savage and was carried

dren, the trapping body proper age of game for food."Having away by the rapid current.

thus totaling around seven huncircled the lake, they left their boats When the spring trapping drew dred. [These figures are to a close, Bridger and

substantiated by other his men raised their variwriters.] But toward ous caches in Willow

winter a tribe of Snake Valley and made their

Indians invited themway to the Salt Lake renselves to the rendezvous, dezvous of 1826 on the bringing all their famWeber. They had just

ilies, live stock and other arrived, when an Indian property. Beckwourth runner, acting as a scout

says they number ed for Robert Campbell and 2500, making a total his trappers, came hurrypopulation of about ing into camp completely 3200."exhausted, saying,

It is claimed that be- "White men need powcause the Snake Indians der! They soon die!

had ability to conceal Blackfeet, big crowd, themselves like serpents fight hard."He informed

that they came rightly by Old Fort Bridger his anxious hearers that their lowly name; still the scene of battle was a

others say this name was day's travel on a horse, given them because of about forty miles or more unclean manner of life, living upon near the mouth of the Bear river to the southward, where the lake roots, digging in the ground, etc. and made their way over the eastmeets the mountain, possibly south

In any case, it seems "they were ern hills to Cache Valley where of the present site of Farmington, poor providers and inveterate begthey met Bridger and Fitzpatrick.

gars, usually impoverished and They gave a very discouraging renot always as clean as other Inport of the lake for game and I.T was enough! Bridgdians."With it all, nevertheless, beaver. Neither had they found er, Provot, Beckwourth and sevtheir young women proved themthe famous "Buenaventura"river eral others mounted on swift horses

all early on to attractive was which shown selves so exceptionally the sand over speeding were soon the Rockies as in heading that maps mountain the lonesome men of sagebrush mounds and Pacific. into the As knolls emptying darkand every then a young and now

eyed maiden was led in Indian far as is known, no other mounthe sandridge, realizing that momarriage to the white man's lodge. taineers ventured on the lake until ments saved might mean life to

In later years "Jim"himself took John C. Fremont explored it in a their friends. It seems that in their

one of these "daughters of the Larubber canoe almost twenty years anxiety to. give aid they thought

manites,"to his Fort on the Green later. He in turn was followed by little of their own peril and the

river, making the third Indian wife the "Mormons."hazardous trap that awaited them.

he "fell heir to."It is said that While Bridger was camped in At length, seeing their friends enthe Snake Indian visitors proved Cache Valley, a fearless brigade camped in the willows, forward

very religious, carrying on many leader, "Logan,"began a trapping they urged their tired horses.

-rites in their large, "Medicine detour of some of the streams. Shortly after the reunion the InLodge"or "religious tabernacle,"a While near the present site of Lodians again made an attack, explace set apart somewhat from the gan City, he with his men were pecting to clean up the whole batother lodges. Here during the long surprised by the Indians and comtalion, but they were repulsed by

winter days, "both Indians and pletely annihilated. A searching the unerring marksmanship of the

whites whiled away much of the party, turning aside into every trappers, who, as Beckwourth rectime, having their future read by thicket and ravine failed to locate ords, brought down an Indian the medicine man or high priest."any of the unfortunate men's with almost every pop of the rifle.

bodies. Thus we see how comAs the fight lasted unreasonably

pletely the savages could carry on long and the little band saw their

A; k.S soon as the south their foul deeds. real danger, Bridger and sixteen of

winds of February, 1826, began his companions decided to rout the melting the snow, four men were foe by a sudden bold rush toward sent down the Weber in bull boats OHORTLY after Lothe Indian's stronghold, thereby and began exploring the Salt Lake. gan's death, some of the trappers causing the usual savage stampede.

Dale says, "For more than three having gone north to the mouth of (Continued on page 302)

Dont Lie to an Indian

G/4 Campfire Story By PROF. J. H. PAUL

early settler of the Tooele the champion, the fact was tribe carried tribe to from Hale. region was TomAN vast of imporas an event inwhite the before Long

habitants amounted to much in tance.

the way of numbers, his ranch and Among the red men, cabin were widely known. Both however, there was no triIndians and whites acknowledged umphant rejoicing when

his prowess, and he was especially one of their race won a vic- 'famed among his red neighbors. tory over Hale—only friendHis record as a hunter and a wresly good feeling with genial

tler was heralded afar by the nalaughter and goodnatured tive tribes. Early respected and congratulations. For the Infeared by the savages for unerring dians liked Hale, and hadmarksmanship with his long rifle, given him a name—"Strong

his terhe had become known also as a Arm"—because of

wrestler whom few opponents rific grip in the wrestling were ever lucky enough to down contests. They liked him,

in a roughand-tumble match. too, because he had always dealt ly distributed through many of

Many an Indian was especially fairly with them, never taking the Rocky Mountain States.

trained to wrestle with him in advantage over even the least of race. In his trades numerous rivalry;friendly one and of their when

either and deals with old LyNE summer day, as new or to over a fall gainthem managed acquaintances he always played Tom Hale stood musing at the fair; so that they bartered freely door of his cabin, his eye was atwith him for the various articles tracted by a cloud of dust arising

1 ROFESSOR J. H. Paul, forthey needed. from the road far out on the despresident merly of the B. Y. Colert that lay westward of his home.

Agricultural lege, then of the College of Utah, later of the L. D. S. The cloud came nearer; it was:

college in Salt Lake City, then for not a whirlwind; and, the day

moreover, years science professor natural of 22 stir- a breath calm, had being not was a.ALE, at to a saying, the prior University Utah, of also widely was sight ring. the paused, for Hale

these published engagements, book, a made sort of motto little as the and was unusual; known—awhich while Recitations,""Readings and that verified was anew each by rolled! the desert billows first of white the University. a teacher at For

thirty years he has been a contributransaction the red men had with forward, he made out two human lie tor to papers magazines, having him—"Never and to an Indian."swiftly toward forms running

dealt chiefly science, political with In the life simple lived, this he him; soon of the out and from philosophy, education. and He adrule held all for good people of Indian sped a white mist powerful literature, mits passion but for a

writes chiefly to establish certain either race; and neither friend nor followed by a young Indian mothideals in social character building, foe reason had that to complain in the papoose er carrying babe her

politics. welfare, and apTo foster time at any sought to he had tied shoulto her debasket head and preciation of the beautiful in nature

and the habit of learning truth at ceive them. The result, especially ders.

first often he writes hand, the genuine for among Indians, was rushed the panting up As two schools scouts the and plant, on admiration for respect and bird, life Hale to insect exclaimed, the red Hale, the and West. of man

The conservation of natural re- a real friendship that made him "Hide us quickly, Strong Arm;

sources, the floods, prevention of feel secure presence in the of chief; ma- I Arrowpine, the Ute am similar presentday and so problems, rauding redskins, of bands who us. are after the Shoshones They his absorb time claims he that he

cannot even attempt literary prowould spare nothing of other will kill me and carry into slavery is five duction. the of author He their property men's nor even wife."young lives. my

a score books of and pamphlets on incident follows, that based The topics, several nature Western UniHale had met Arrowpine and

Elizabeth the original story versity tariff bulletins, on by and many liked the they hunted man; had

iltaxation papers. and story This corPorter, received has Cannon friends. together were and He lustrates his interesting of method slight roboration, variations, with the into his pair thrust cabin and the scouts others in value boy and

of accurate knowledge of man and when related to the writer by varipulled back a rag carpet from a nature. ous descendants of the original hatchway in the floor; the Indians

Hale family—a family now widedropped into the cellar out of sight.

262 The Improvement Era for February, 1930

Hale replaced the door and the and dashed toward the carpet just when a shout from hill, thinking that Hale his young son Sol announced anhad intended to give them other and greater cloud of dust the hint to go in that diapproaching out on the desert rection. As soon as they

road. were well up the hill, Hale

removed the carpet and OTANDING unconofdoorthefromIndianthe couple,hiding placewho cernedly outside of the cabin, Hale eagerly climbed out.

watched the clouds of dust roll near; soon out of them came gal- "We are here on a visit

loping a band of Shoshones to Northern Utes,"Armounted on Indian cayuses. They rowPine explained 'and

were fully armed, their faces were out by ourselves pickstreaked with red paint, their ing chokecherries when the bows in hand and arrows ready, Shoshones discovered us.

their faces eager and determined. They hate the Southern

Riding up to Hale and saluting the Utes and would like to get

I white man, whom he knew, the me for torture, because defied often beaten or asked, you "Have seen two have Typical landscape deserts. Southwestern of In the in battle. them young My chief and his squaw foreground arboresthe branching Yucca (Yucca leaderIndians—a wife a would hormeet this come cens) tree, way?"or Joshua the of most wildlooking

ible fate if we should fall desert growths. The leaves are keenpointed, bayoFor a moment Hale was puzinto their hands."netlike, and 6 to 10 inches long.

zled, and stroked his chin; he had "Could you find your

never lied to an Indian and hated way back to the friendly tribe,"the Indians and off toward the to do so even in this emergency Hale asked, "if one of us should northern hills went Sol on a

As he turned and lifted his eyes to lead you by a secret trail to the smooth trot, closely followed by a hill on his left, a little cloud of Northern road?"Arrowpine and his young wife

dust arose there. With a shout 'Yes,"answered Arrowpine; carrying the Indian baby on her

as they saw the dust, the Indians "We know the way from there, back in the basket woven of suwheeled their horses to the right and could elude the Shoshones."mach branches. The entire com-

"Who will go as their pany, watching them, breathed guide?"inquired Hale, with relief as the little party filooking around on his nally disappeared among the ceneighbors, who had come dars, where even the field glass

in upon hearing that Incould not locate them.

dians in war paint were about. None of them, The anxious hours dragged

however, was willing to slowly; but at nightfall, a faint

undertake so dangerous an shout was heard from the cedars errand. Hale's question on the distant hillside. The call

remained unanswered till came nearer, accompanied by the his young son Sol, then steady beating of feet—the Indian

about nine years of age, dogtrot; and out of the twilight

spoke out, saying, "I'll go, into the arms of his waiting mothFather; I know every step er emerged the lad, exhausted, but

of the way, and can be otherwise not one whit worse for back in a few hours."his perilous adventure. For Sol

had learned how to cover distance without exhausting himself. He

INSTANTLY Sol's could keep his lips closed for a long mother protested that he time while he ran, scarcely interwas too young to risk his rupting the easy coyote glide, and life on such a journey, traveling with no other refreshwith the chance of falling ment than was afforded by a few into the hands of the raggrains of parched corn. These

ing Shoshones; but after he held in his mouth till they

some hesitation Hale said, slowly dissolved, sufficiently let "Mother, go; he him moistening his throat as, hour by will safe be as as anyone;

and it will be hours before hour, he sped on and on. There

the Shoshones get back, was rejoicing at the Hale cabin even if they should return on his safe return; and the Shothis way."shones had not even yet made their

'Indian mother carrying her babe in a papoose Food for the journey reappearance, nor were they heard basket tied to her head and shoulders."was quickly prepared for of again till the next day, when

The Improvement Era for February, 1930 263

out, so Hale called for a volunteer which way they had gone was unto go and bring them. No one certain. Yet he judged, from cerspoke; but several looked in the tain signs he had been trained to

direction of a dashing Mexican recognize, that Indians were even visiting among them and present then getting between him and the that day at Hale's. He had told of ranch house, so he took to the

his adventures, and was no doubt a cedars to make a long circuit back.

fellow of a good deal of nerve To keep under cover, however, he and daring; but he was silent unhad to make so wide a detour that

der this challenge, though many darkness came on and he was still thought he should have been the many miles from home; he was

first to volunteer. hungry, and it was growing cold.

As he threaded his way, stoopIn the suspense that followed, ing, hiding, crawling at times, he young Hale spoke up, declaring came upon a calf, which he rechimself willing to go, his mother ognized as one of the Hale aniArrowpine and his wife were far protesting earnestly, just as she mals. He knew that it would

beyond their power. had done seven years before in a presently seek its mother, so, urgsimilar affair. The Mexican, who ing it forward a little, he followed

well knew the dangers of the erits zigzag meanderings in the darkOEVEN years had rand, sneered at the young man's ness, till, in answer to its bleat, passed from the time of this intemerity, remarking that he would came the welcome "Moooo"of cident. sixteen, Hale, Young now if his silver give Sol he its telling mother, which them way

skilled frontier in become had life should come taunt back as to go; the calf knelt one and on alive—aspurs experiences, outdoor and which that the Hale young made more its side, the for milk, by cow had included several visits to Indetermined to undertake the job. knelt on the other, milking intoSol

dian tribes. Arrowpine was again It was decided, over his mother's his mouth till hunger and thirst

in the North, engaged in training remonstrances, to let him try it; were satisfied with the warm, wel-

a select body of his younger braves. and away he went afoot upon the come fluid. Then the cow lay

A blunder by inexperienced travprecarious task of bringing in the down with the calf beside her.

elers going to California had redistant livestock before the Indians Some claim that Sol wedged himsulted in the death of one of Arcould reach them. self between them to keep warm.

rowpine's young men; and not evAt all events, on a bed of leaves,

en the influence of their wise chief he fell sound asleep.

able been back to hold had them Just before daylight the he boy had crossed WiHEN whites. revenge taking from on the feeling impressed reached the mountain the awoke, with the and

Indianlike, they sought vengepasture, he found it already raided. that he was in grave danger. As

ance, not on the fools who had The Indians had been there and he stood up and tried to pierce slain one of their comrades, but had driven off the animals, though the darkness, he fancied that shadon the first white people they might meet; and so they came

sweeping through northwestern Utah, stealing, plundering, ravaging, burning.

When Arrowpine had found that he could not restrain his men, he had placed himself at their head, with the desire to curb and lessen their depredations. Word of their

onslaught sent the people for miles around to the Hale ranch for safety. On came the Utes, sweeping

up all the horses, cattle, and sheep they could come across. Hastily

the livestock were driven to the

Hale ranch, where a large enclosure with water from a spring afforded easy facilities for guarding them.

With the stock thus folded, all seemed well, and the people could await with confidence the approach of the marauding Utes. Then Tom

Hale suddenly remembered some choice animals in a distant pasture over the mountain—stock that had

been overlooked and forgotten while the others were being driven From Painting by Le Conte Stewart.

in. It would not do to leave them The Creek Bed, A Typical Oasis Scene in Western Utah

264 The Improvement Era for February, 1930 owy forms of tents loomed not were hidden in my father's house erect, and tail held high, as she very far away. When his eyes beto get away from the Shoshones, pranced and plunged, showing

came accustomed to the darkness, I led you and your young wife that the blood of her Arabian he made out a few tents, besides with her baby boy through the ancestry had lost none of its fire many human forms stretched out cedars and along the secret trail by her transfer from the deserts upon the earth. It was the Ute to the Northern road; and I had to of Asia to those of America. She

camp, and he had been sleeping run all the way back to the ranch, did not belong to the Hales; she

within 300 yards of it. There for the Shoshones might have caphad been imported for breeding

it was, slowly becoming visible tured me."purposes by a hear friend and

right before his eyes. In answer to other questions by neighbor.

the chief, Sol gave significant deAs young Hale saw her come the to tails of that think he the forward, began of journey—details of the ways knew H:E it acthose could loss the would whole community only made who

of well awareIndians and was if suffer relate: claim her did curately they and not he had how

the fact that he could not get away. stopped only once at a tiny spring take Jier homfc to his father's

That they had not found him alto drink and rest a few minutes friend; and a battle as fierce as

to the cirdue merelyready was fields of carnage again; before on running those waged on what

were animals thatcumstance in his brain. to rage chief they parted all the that began had said as The

about, so that the guards had paid day; the token that the chief had horse was not his father's, to be

little attention to this one, which given him as a mark of his gratisure; but these Indian thieves had

seen. heard havethey and must right so to her, grizzly's tooth, he should the no which why tude—a scouts as trained to doHe decided recover deceive leathernot her his and them had strung upon boy

done under sucheverywhere have to the chain, he he arwatch and which woven people?—especially, gocircumstances: he would at. himself, since the redskins to chief to gued the look now asked

straight into the encampment. would probably make little good

As he walked toward the big use of her, and by abuse and netent, Indians lying on the ground 1 HE chief had closely glect would soon destroy her exsprang up and seized him. They watched the youth during this traordinary value. On the other

threw him to the earth, then testimony, his features changing hand there arose in his mind the bound his hands and feet. Hearing and his face lighting up as he rewords of his father, "Never lie to

the commotion, a chief came out membered the race through the an Indian;"and after a brief hesof the tent. It was Arrowpine, cedars; and now, in the clearer itation, the Indians eyeing him

and the youth recognized him. light of the dawn, he recognized closely, he shook his head, saying.

The chief spoke sternly. in the youth the boy who had "She is not ours."

"What are you doing here? and stood by him in his hour of need.

why did you come into my camp?""Unbind him,"the chief comhe asked in anger. "Are you a manded his men; and they untied TiHE chief immediatespy? the rawhide thongs they had ly called for a guard to escort

"I came here,"answered the wound about him. Sol rubbed young Hale and his stock back to

youth, "to find my father's anihis wrists and ankles, then faced the vicinity of the Hale ranch. A

mals, which your men have driven the chief. murmur of disapproval, amountaway.""Would you know your fathing almost to mutiny, rose in

"Who is your father?"demander's animals if you saw them?"words and gestures of increasing

ed the chief; "and who are you?"asked Arrowpine, this time in a excitement from the assembled

"My father is Tom Hale; I am friendly and considerate voice. braves. For they had understood

Sol Hale and no spy, but a friend "I could pick them out anylittle of the English conversation of the red man,"the boy respondwhere,"young Hale answered. between Arrowpine and young

ed. "Then follow me,"said the Hale; and they now perceived that

"Are you Strong Arm's son?"chief, striding off toward a large they were to be cheated of both

asked the chief, peering doubtfully enclosure where the animals setheir intended human victim and through the dim light at the proscured during the raid were being of many of the animals they had trate form beside him. "Don't guarded by watchers. rounded up in the raid.

lie to me."The chief spoke to his men, In words of fervor and elo-

"I do not lie; neither did my who straightway proceeded to quence, Arrowpine now addressed

father ever deceive you or your drive the animals one by one past his men, relating how the life of people,"declared the boy in strong a sort of gate where stood the their chief and of his wife and tones. chief and young Hale. When one young son had been saved by this

"Stand him up,"the chief comof his father's stock would pass, son of their famous friend, the manded; and they stood him erect Hale would say, "That's ours,"well known Strong Arm.

before Arrowpine, who eyed him and the guards would turn it out The braves, after talking it over, keenly. But the boy had changed of the enclosure. One after anaccepted the chief's decision. A

so much in seven years that the other he picked out his father's select guard forthwith escorted

Indian leader failed to recognize animals till he felt that he had young Hale and the livestock back him. "Can you prove to me,"nearly all of them. to the vicinity of the ranch. As

the chief asked, "that you are Just then a handsome mare Sol drove in the stock, he found

Strong Arm's son?"came trotting up to the gate, her a large company in a high state of

"Seven years ago, when you eyes shining, nostrils blown, head nervous tension awaiting news of

The Improvement Era for February, 1930 265

him. By this time they believed she returned with a pitcher of a call she summoned the animal,

him to be killed or captured. water from the spring, and here in which came trotting, then playThere had been little sleep at the open they were rehearsing fully rubbed its nose against her

the ranch through the night. Sol's again for the approaching Conferarm. The girl lifted her eyes; Sol

mother had paced the floor of her ence. Blending gloriously, this exwas approaching. She ran towards

room; his father with scouting quisite harmony of singing violin him, barely able to keep from

parties had scoured the country in throwing her arms about his neck, all directions in search of him, but as he looked laughing into her eyes had not been numerous enough to already brimming with tears.

invade the Indian camp. "Your mother has missed you

That morning the Indians and longed for you!"she exmoved off with their plunder. The claimed. "And did you?"he

young Mexican forgot his promise asked eagerly.

of the silver spurs; but an old "Oh, Sol!"was all she could

hunter gave Sol a fine saddle, while answer. For a brief moment he

the people voiced their admiration caught her in his arms. Soon she

in many ways. Last and not was running back past the others,

least, a maiden, lovely as any wild who by this time, with cheers and

the ranch. to his mother from On

thenews, spedflowereyes—intoof thehisdesertvery lookedsoul. into his exclamations,she were swarming out good with

while the neighbors were almost carrying the youth to the house.

the two of With ever a homecoming better girl, resting children,small the on Was than this?

large in a the corner ofa pile of hay barn, had passed an almost sleepless night. quilt sufwas The one passed, and Y EARS

ficent sleep for but for warmth, Utah, in Southern her Hale, visiting was out of the question, not from met the aged chief Arrowpine. "Do

fear, but from anxiety for the you remember me, Arrowpine?"

youth Sol. Towards dawn she fell The Desert Nightingale, the Sage asked Hale.

into a dreamy slumber, in which Thrasher, was throwing his softly bril- "Yes,"answered the chief, "you it seemed that she and the bronzed liant notes into the bird chorus. are the son of Strong Arm."

youth were once more climbing the steep ravine to the little spring and soprano voice sobbed forth in "Can you recollect the morning with its sparkling water. ecstasy Schubert's serenade. "And I claimed my father's stock?"

it, "Yes,"said Arrowpine, "I the nightingale is singing—bidAnd when the hiding squirrel's Love, be still."For the desert sometimes think of it."

sage "Do you recall the fine mare nest nightingale was singing,—the

They sought far up the hills, thrasher, cousin to the mockingthat belonged to my father's

They bathed their reeking forebird, had thrown his softly brilfriend, the mare that I wanted to heads cool liant notes into the bird chorus. claim, but did not?"

Among the mountain rills. The sweet, the olden strains, with "I do,"said Arrowpine; "I was

the delirious bird whistling, had "By manly mind,"writes Scott, calmed the sleeper; her limbs were watching you."

"not even in sleep is will resigned,"relaxed, her mind at peace; a mur- "Tell me, big chief, what would

meaning that strong natures conmur of happiness stole through her have happened had I claimed the trol the course of their dreams; and rest. Others joining in the remare?"

just when the sleep of the young hearsal, the music changed; and "You should have had her,"the

dreamer deepened, a canyon wren, she seemed to be practicing with chief answered; "but you never

alighting on the tip of the highthe village choir, which arose and could have got home again."

pointing pole of the immense sang, "Bright o'er the hills shines "Why not?"asked Hale.

hayderrick, poured gladness,"followed a the of daystar down said saw,"Arrowpine, "You silvery tinkling, melopaean, of theshower triumphant "Daughby I difficulty restrainin "the had lutelike, ripdies, ter which, came of Zion, thy sadfrom awake ing men. young knew They my consciousness. to ness."her pling The

the animal was, whose and mare air, first desert laden and gleamed ozone with sunbeam As the in spite that of all I could have the smell of earth boards, in the fragrant opening through with an done, they waylaid have would breathed shrubs, rose quickly. fresh she aromatic andand awoke A

filled their with and you your body painted vividly faint landscapes across a hill top from whinny in the glowing dawn. From cotsaluted her ears; it was the voice of arrows had you attempted to detonwoods along the creek bed Tiny Tim, her gray pet colt, ceive them by claiming an animal

sighed a mourning dove's faint which she had given up as lost that they considered their own by fluting. All at once the notes of when the Indians had gathered it right of conquest."

a violin mingled with the bird melin during the raid of the day beAnd so it has become a motto odies. Fogelberg, the Norwegian fore. Hurrying outside, she saw handed down among the Hale master of music, had intercepted a band of stock coming down the families to this day—"Don't lie

Edna, the marvelous soprano, as slope, the gray colt leading. With to an Indian,"nor to anyone else.

From Ox Cart to Airplane By GERTRUDE MUSSER

to be other thingsFROM Garden Grove, candlemaking and a hunIowa, in 1848, dred her father done. Twice

Mary Elizabeth was called to pilot comWhite started across the panies of immigrants to the plains with her family, by valley from the point ox team and cart. where the railroad ended,

Garden Grove was only and once her brother Or- a little village of log huts son went. Returning from

trips brought they these at alland dugouts—not as luxuries such with themlike a to yet garden—and and cloth factorymadea group of outcast Latterday Saints it offered a welspools of cotton thread, to

come protection from the the delight of the women persecutions of their enefolks.

mies and from the cold of winter.the Here, Iowa on HTHERE* work towasbe alwaysdone, butthe of Nov., 1846, 7th

Mary Elizabeth White as they had done while was born, the third child crossing the plains, the pioof Samuel Dennis White neers supplemented their and Mary Hannah Burton, toil with dancing and both of whom had joined games, and even more elabthe Church in 1837. The orate amusements. Then

prospects for the little girl Mary had been simply an

fast asleep been ably, had corner eachsickness—inwere not bright; there was onlooker, or more probrevelry, but the during shelwhichof the room

tered her mother was a bed now she was in the center on which some afflicted of the fun. She danced

person lay; there was poverty—say, "Don't worry, Mother. She'll with Brigham Young several times,

the Saints had left their homes in be all right."but more often with the young

such haste they were poorly fitted traveling bishop, Amos Milton for the long journey ahead, and -REACHING Salt Lake Valley Musser, who had recently returned - they camped there for a short from a roundthe-world missionfood was hard to obtain; there was

time, sent but soon after were of enthusiasm full tour, to ary a man been houses log hadmisery—the settle at Lehi. sent to of the was possessed Mary and vigor and succeed built did not andcrudely

in shutting out the winter. It was the school, such as it was, where quality of making people like him.

a case of the survival of the fittest, she learned the mysteries of the In 1864 he and Mary were marand Mary, being one of the fittest, printed page. It was a proud time ried. Six children of her hussurvived and was happy in the for her when she finally succeeded band's, in addition to ten of their

prairie home. in mastering the difference between own, Mary cared for and they

"d"and "b"and could read. After loved her as their mother. This reabout four years in Lehi they were sponsibility was the more keenly

the moved family"D EFORE sent to colonize farther south, so at felt since was her away husband -*-* child, plains another across the City. release Cedar hard, his worked time. After They of the much

William Henry, was born, and but the desert refused to blossom in 1876 as Traveling Bishop of

Mary was in her fourth year. The like a rose, and after several years the Church, he was appointed Genjourney was one long to be rememthe majority of the settlers moved eral Superintendent of the Deseret

bered by even such a little girl. The to a new location near the old, Telegraph Company, which posihuge mountains, threatening in the hoping to have better success, but tion also required his absence from

distance, were terrifying at first, the Whites went north to Beaver home a good part of the time.

but after they became commonplace and made this their permanent it was hard to keep her in the home. '"THE "underground"days were

wagon home. Every time they *- very trying for everyone. Mr.

halted, stones had to be placed unrT,HE family by this time had inMusser was convicted under the der the wheels to keep the wagon creased to nine members, and EdmundsTucker Law and senfrom rolling down hill, and it was upon Mary devolved a good part tenced to serve six months in the the worry of her mother's life that of the responsibility in the home. State Penitentiary. During this

Mary would pinch her fingers unThis meant a great deal in those time, through Mary's ingenuity, der the big wheels or that she days, for besides the cooking, cleanhis prison fare was supplemented would get too close to the feet of ing, sewing, washing and churnwith smuggled delicacies. After his

the oxen, but Father White would ing, there were spinning, carding, release he continued as before

The Improvement Era for February, 1930 267 r-r—of your own world cruise, the harbinger of the better, the greater, the nobler, man to be?

Do you yearn for the power to command yourself at all times without equivocation?

The Lord of the Universe intended that you should have all these things and more. He has

done His part and the rest is up to you. He has furnished you a

good body and important instructions about the care of it. The

essence of those instructions, like the essential of the moral law, is honesty in action. It reads: Thou

shall not lie to the body, neither living with his families and going enriched by the experiences of the by deadening it with opiates norto the office each morning—but past, are forever learning and narcotics to give it false peace, nor

they had to be continually on the growing. She has not, nor will by spurring it on to action by stimalert for spying deputies. The she ever reach the stage when she ulants when no basic strength is

mother of Moses could have had would be content to sit, her hands furnished. Neither the pseudo rest

no harder time to keep her child folded in her lap, dreaming of that of deadened nerves, nor the hectic from the soldiers of Pharaoh. which has gone; nor will she ever flush of stimulants is conducive to

Of her children, four sons have be too old to find some way to health. They sap the energies,

filled missions, two have served help others. stun the will, and destroy the contheir country in war, and one is a science.

prominent lawyer. There are thir- "CAMILIAR with the changing "Tobacco and strong drink are

tyseven grandchildren and fourconditions of life, from persenot good for man;"neither is

teen greatgrandchildren scattered cution to safety, from hardship to much meat. Fruits, and grains and

from Hawaii to Baltimore, and ease, from poverty and privation to green leafy vegetables, in their seafrom Wyoming to St. George, to comfort, she had yet one comparsons, are good for man.

bear witness of her wonderful life ison to make. Knowing practicCommon sense should temper

and the integrity of her soul. ally all there was to know of older all man's activities. Nothing in

rule—moderaCOME folks are hardened and emmethodswas eager toof trytransportation,the latest facilities,she excesstion inshouldall things.be the

bittered by the experiences of and in August, 1928, she added The Lord promises you health life; others, like Grandmother to her experience of ox cart, railand strength if you use wisdom in

Musser, grow nobler and sweeter. road and automobile a trip in a your living. A feeling of mighty

Her eightythree years have Fairchild cabin monoplane. Having manhood and moral power will be

brought into her life hardships, donned her best attire, very differthe result of such a life. These

anxiety and sorrow—five of her ent from the rough clothing of things are within your reach now.

children have been taken by death 1850, she calmly climbed into the Grasp them before you lose the eldest son in his young manplane and was taken over the valthrough indulgence, the desire to hood, three in their childhood, and ley. From the heights she looked admire, and the ability to acquire

life of perfect selfcontrol.one as the mother of a family—but down on the trail which had led the

each year has made her richer in their weary feet from persecution It's up to you. Be men!

experiences, stronger in service and and hatred to the new promised r -f i dearer to the hearts of her children. land of opportunity. XJEALTH is, indeed, so necesSome folks stop growing at fifty "It was a wonderful, experi- ** sary to all the duties as well

and spend the rest of their lives ence,"she said. "I suppose we as pleasures of life, that the crime

looking backwards into the past; will all of us be using airplanes of squandering it is equal to the

others, like Grandmother Musser, habitually before long."folly; and he that for a short gratification brings weakness and diseases upon himself, and for the

clamthe of diversion tumults and the Your Better Selforspleasure of a few years passed in maof condemns merriment part experienced of turer more and God's Understudy the his life the to chamber and

By John T. Woodbury, Jr. couch, may be justly reproached,

Dixie College Department of Religious Education not only as a spendthrift of his happiness, but as a robber of the "VOUNG man, do you want to Do you want the moral fiber, public; as a wretch that has vol-

1 live to be threescore and ten the iron will, the ethical stability, untarily disqualified himself for and still be in your prime? that make men strong for the the business of his station, and reDo you want after all those right? fused that part which Providence

years to have yet a vigorous mind Do you want to be the captain assigns him in the general task of in a sound body? of your own fate, the helmsman human nature. Samuel Johnson.

An American Prince By moner; Carol of Rumania rePRINCE, the dictionary assures us briefELSIE TALMAGE BRANDLEY linquished his hope of the

ly, is one of the throne for the reality of ahighestA exalted him and enshrined him in girl's love, and while his comparank—the son of a reigning monarch. From time immetheir hearts. He has represented the triots love him for his daring, they

morial the title has carried with it splendor and majesty of the nobilhave repudiated him for his lack a touch of glamor, a gleam of enity to whose sway every subject of integrity to all that they have chantment and witchery. The has loyally submitted. The suheld dear. He is a Prince, but too

words "Once upon a time there premacy of the royal family has human.

lived a wonderful Prince"have typified the glory of the land. The

been enough to call the children honor of the empire has gone hand A MERICA, the land which has from every corner of the room, to in hand with the honor of the *V never known the dominion of gather in rapturous anticipation at royal house. Imperishable the a sovereign; never suffered the igthe feet of the teller of tales, and sovereign; immortal the country, noble persecution of unrighteous

listen in absorbed silence to the rest And while the King is in reality rulers; never bent beneath the burof the story. A Prince, to childthe head of the dynasty, the Prince, den of false aristrocracy, had rehood, is a magnificent being, by virtue of his youth and courage, garded royalty with unfavorable

clothed in glory and power and has exemplified royalty. All that eyes. America is made up of peogolden robes, whose chief duty in was regal, all that was glorious and ple from the countries which have

life it is to ride about on a splenglorified, has been regarded as charnot been free. Russia, Germany,

did charger and accomplish great acteristic of princeship. The Prince, Italy, Scandinavia, Britain and

and good works for the benefit of it was tacitly agreed, could do no many other lands have sent here the humble and downtrodden. wrong; but right or wrong, he those of their people who have been

was a Prince; and history is redrawn together under the stars and

TO'O youth,youth, aa PrincePrince isis stillstill aa magmag- plete with examples of the rightstripes by a bond of sympathy, 1;,-.,<-nificent being,u: still<-;n clothedi*+ua:in ness of some princes and the ambition and desire for freedom.

glory and power, and still in poswrongness of others. The ignorant, despised and poor

session of the splendid charger; but Time, the master of change and have mingled in friendship and

by now he is less concerned with progress, has been busy of late equality with the energetic, wholethe poor and persecuted, and more years with the matter of kingdoms some and literate, and all have definitely given to sports and and principalities. Kings and raised, as with one voice, a cry of

is unerringly praise in thanksgiving he the forgames, which and in (except are story Princes books) is his It preglorious blessings royal privileges winner.the and were. Dynasties they not what

is ruler theirs. free a inch everyrogative; he people A fallen, toppled, empires have have are a peer. the deadeningand from whichthey—freeare majesty has caste, influence free of the and from disintegrated—the manhood young womop- To

anhood, a Prince is a contempoHohenzollerns despised and pression of rank, free from the inrary, more fortunate than other scorned; the Romanoffs fleeing for humanity of militarism. Free, in

human beings may ever hope to their lives; and others once impe- a land where "kind hearts are more

be. His position is one of emirial, no longer existent as potenthan coronets, and simple faith

nence; his every word than Norman blood."

important. His authority The land of the free!

is unquestioned; his America

in meeting openair had arranged an ftWO missionariespower absolute. Illustri- 'Germany. a faithful The senior, timid but hoy ofous is his name and briltwenty, had been in the field ten months; his companion AND while changes

liant are his opportunifive. A local member was to speak but failed them. The "have entered into the

ties. Honor, dignity, rechoir drew a crowd. Timid and backward in the language, lands of Prince and

missionary, arose. halting with ashy face, few Aspect are accordlove potentate, and humanizing,

the then astonished. people voice His was words—the older limitless in leveling, dispossessing,ed him quanlike clarion hesitation, acforeign an angel's no call-—nolistened

tity, and every word, cent. A real American Prince. changes have also been at

every thought, every deed work in the land where is given a fitting amount all are equal—raising, exof attention. To be a Prince!. tates, even in the hearts of their alting and dignifying. In this

What more could life offer? Afcountrymen. great American country to which

fluence, fame and position; and the There are cases in some of the people have fled for safety

wildly enthusiastic plaudits of the less militant countries in which and peace and recognition, a royal world heaped upon him who is royalty is still regal and nobility dynasty is being formed. The

without fault in their eyes. still noble, but even in these are very ones who have loathed class

signs of unmistakable change, distinction and decried aristocracy "COR centuries nations have renWhile prestige and power still reare creating for themselves a new * dered homage to their Prince main, autocracy has diminished, royalty; and at its head is he who

of the realm; have loved him. Mary of England married a comepitomizes all that is illustrious

The Improvement Era for February, 1930 269

salvation to the whole world.

HE American T Prince who would truly lay claim to descent in the royal line of his patriot ancestors must be possessed of religion in its widest -nd deepest sense; and

here in the west, where the power of faith was strong enough to guide and direct and uphold the Pioneers in the undertaking which entailed greater hardship and deprivation than we of this generation can even imagine, is ta be found the finest and patrician. His qualifications A MERICA is too glorious a type of manhood in the whole

are not birth and breeding in an country to let the easy way of world. If he is living up to the

imperial line, but courage, patriotleast resistance lure her away from requirements made of him, to all ism and sportsmanship. His crown the straight and narrow path in he knows to be right and true; if

is not of gold and precious stones, which she early planted her courhe magnifies and improves every but laurels of accomplishment restageous feet. The wars she fought opportunity to develop and exing on his brow. His robes are not for freedom and for right surely pand the intelligence which is

of velvet and regal purple, but the shall not be interpreted to mean God's glory; if he is obedient to

invisible cloak of democracy, fair freedom from responsibility and admonition and susceptible to preplay and honor of which every true the right to forget the debt she cept of prophet and leaders, he is

American is justly proud. Freowes to those who threw off the in every respect—mentally, morquently the actual raiment in evishackles of the old world and ally, socially, physically and

dence is the athletic suit, or huntbravely made their way across an spiritually—deserving of the highing regalia, for the spirit of good unknown sea into an unknown est rank his country can bestow,

fellowship is exemplified in athlete land, that they and their children, and all who know him and observe and sportsman. The outof-doors and we, their children's children, his rectitude and honor will acis his shrine, and unbounded vimight live our own lives and have claim him a peer.

tality his scepter. freedom of conscience. When the The American boast of freedom

founders of America gave us the is as sounding brass and tinkling is right as desired, one element to worshipT we DEALIZATION unless that cymbal freedom en-A life person, in the surely comintended forever they that of any life. compasses every phase of To insures or nation which desire preservemunity the we should liberty one's to be allowed in a great

progress and growth, but the ideals worship. Are American citizens city around which an insurmountmust be selected thoughtfully. who are such by virtue of the reable wall is erected, is not to be

Glorification of an inglorious thing ligious courage which gave their free. National and political freeis deadly; honoring a dishonorable forebears strength to accomplish an dom we claim and enjoy; social

is destructive.principle impossible When exalmost purpose in the and educational advantages we acplace to exultation,altation gives barface of almost insurmountable

values become valueless. riers, displaying the sportsmanship

We are a nation of herowor- and fairness they claim to cherish, than years one hundred stabilityshippers, desecrate the but they M<ORE on the knowingly and when ago a American young boy went will ideals heroes these heroic Pilmerit worshipped of the to which into alone the to pray; woods, for

the country gain or lose in power. grims dedicated their lives? The in his heart he yearned for a knowledge truth. of In his to answer is fealty the of in truth America money, mastery whichThe

prayer given he the was knowledge free posipeerage the "land of the to fame, the ofgiven of and home has the which salopened of door tion and sovereignty of success will the brave"is made up of those who vation to countless thousands, who never raise a people one whit nearer are free from the peril of scepticism lift their voices in praise and thanksgiving to their Creator for the faith a higher plane of civilization, but and atheism; those who are brave and fearlessness of that boyprophet,

will stultify and stereotype toward enough to accept and acknowledge Joseph Smith.

stagnation. truth and cry it as a message of

270 The Improvement Era for February, 1930

is a poison,cept gratefully; religious freedom to be found the fountain of freescientists—that tobaccois a recognized and cherished blessdom—the truth that makes men alcoholic liquors are injurious to

ing. These we have, and agencies free. An analytical world calls it body, mind and soul; meat should

on every hand are making studies System, but an understanding be eaten sparingly, especially durand enacting laws by which ing the hot summer months.

further to extend the privOther precepts governing ileges and advantages of citmental, moral and spiritual izenship in this great land. development are equally

The deadening fears of other forceful, and the truths given countries and past centuries in this plan are fundamenhave been removed; medical tally healthgiving, joygiv-

science has minimized the tering and lifegiving. This

rors of virulent diseases; pub- "Mormon way of life,"as it

lic safety legislation insures has been called, is the key reasonable protection from which unlocks the door to the outlawry and persecution; the Kingdom. Those who accept

judiciary provides fair settlethe key and enter the door ment of differences and just find within its portals gifts punishment for offenses; the and treasures of surpassing

Civil War brought the assurvalue. Among them is the

ance that one man shall not gift of unselfishness, for into be slave to another. In althe hearts of those who have

most every social and indusbeen touched comes a great trial relationship has come and prayerful desire to cry freedom. aloud to the world the glory

the of trabondage"CROM within the reach of all, and call partake and to come them*: fear, dition, system and also. realize then they And

resuperstition have we been increased the blessing has that leased, and on that condition with the sharing. Joy inexwe base our claim, losing pressible follows their efforts

sight of the truth that the to bring others in to ally only real freedom which is dethemselves with the sons and serving of the name is perdaughters of the King.

sonal. To be free in a great

city of philanthropic instituyear in the various "P ACHtions, with no shadow of countries of the world are danger to life and liberty, is more than two thousand a slight and inadequate foundation membership know it as Revelation. young American Princes, known as

strong enough to support nothing Within the memory of some still "Mormon"Missionaries. They

weightier than highsounding living a new light has burst upon have gone forth to represent thewords and impressive phrases—unthe earth, bearing a new message royal Name, and effect alliances

less to it can be added the indewhich has influenced directly the with every nation, kindred, tongue structible claim of individual liblives of jhundreds of thousands; and people. Their mission is not

erty. If one is free of suspicion and it is impossible to estimate the one of diplomacy; their plans are

and hate, of bigotry and selfsat- indirect influence it has wielded. not strategic; their motives are

isfaction, of dishonesty and greed, Since the day of its inception in neither mercenary nor political.

and of a disastrous allegiance to 1830, progress along every line Knowing full well that purity of perverted appetite and destructive has been marked, but in no other thought, cleanliness of body and habit, then and only then can one field has it achieved the same degree sincerity of spirit and purpose are truthfully say "I am free."And of triumph as in the field of rethe insignia of American princeto be an American Prince, one must ligion. The beautiful, soulsatis- ship, they have gone forth into forbe free. An American Prince is fying Gospel of Christ has been eign lands, among unfriendly peogreater than a prince of any autocrestored to earth, and its luminosple, authorized to carry to them

racy or court in the world, for inity has radiated the world around. the highest message of liberty. In

stead of owing his station to the This Church provides the respite of the sacrifices often required inexplicable fact of birth, he owes ligion of daily life, and the promise of them and their families, they it to irreproachable qualities of of eternal progression. In it the are determined to carry the word

character. Only a man unsullied, commandments given of God, and of salvation to a hungering world;

scrupulously honorable and upthe teachings of Christ during his to show them the path to peace and right; a man who knows what is ministry upon the earth are repromise.

good and true and cleaves unto it. garded with solemn and reverent And these thousands are only

a man who shuns even the appearrespect. And in addition there representative of many thousands

ance of evil can hope to attain that have been given new revelations to more at home, on the farm, at high calling. pierce the darkness of preceding school, in office or factory or mill,

centuries. The Word of Wisdom, engaged in the service of the King.

TITHIN the organization for example, gave to those who To serve in truth, they must be known as the Church of would hearken health laws which sure of the strength which attends

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is have since been discovered by (Continued on page 301)

Gray Days A Mother Pays it is thing DELIGHTFUL to By Grace Ingles Frost By Grace Ingles Frost Aread of the pens new poems from those become have whose names lies silky curl every that earth, gray sky and grim gray familiar more with and more eyes, a child's wide, wond'ringGRAYleafless the FORAbove boughs, passing years of the Young Womas never can pays to bring, A mother heart sorrow youNot my an's the Journal and Improvement creation's in plan. Another resting the time ofBut mind me

When Grace Ingles Frost the reading of herMy robe,I, likeandnature,slumber.far away shall fling i Era.and is newone poemsof these,is ForA motherfeet thatpays;lightlybut throughwhen feetlife sliptrip, I

I love you, earth, sky, boughs of leaden made more pleasant through the reInto the dark of sin's dense maze, hue! membered charm of her earlier ones. Ah, that is when a mother's days

the she has been of 1906 From one anguishrent! Are 'Tis then she the pays for give.Love thoughts you you to me

faithful contributors to the magatoll full in for Her mothering true forget the not man teachingYou let me zines, loved her have and many life's allotted Each of span. hour e'en I still sleep, shall thoughThat I must

live work, for she puts into her lines fine quality emotional which tears pain mother pays in and ATo come forth in the spring. a

it folmarks of the as real. Some she every child bears For and

lowing are reprinted from earlier But know you not, from Crossrears;and

volumes; some are recent; all are so Thorn,

Old Roads lovelytinguishthatthe it oldis impossiblefrom the new.to disThe glory of a God was born?

By Grace Ingles Frost

old lure that roads LOVE my feet the Wind Sang, Its of quiet streams Along the way Land of Tomorrow WhenJ

With rustic spans where I may pause Babes to Sleep

And weave a golden web of dreams; By Grace Ingles Frost

By Grace Ingles Frost in the land of untroddenI love roads pebbles old with strewn—OUT its sang wind morrow babes last to.sleep roads edge broidered with Old of bloom torHE is I lurking, there question, night, for What loveliness a languid byTouched

a sweet me? With croon, low a sweet with graces afternoon; summer's That

of joy, or Guerdon sorrow? croon, burden of low

in a them high tree near may by, be waiting, mine eyes may Rocking o'er What roads allI love old covered see. into not beds Tucked of apple bloom. feathery flakes of white With

like sparkle drops, rareThat diamond stars in the farreaching land The blinking of tomorrow came out the blue, from silver light Out of gleams blue and When there these Will the hands to be work for peeped And moon the from over Fall the from moon hill. perform?

of for mystery, land of tomorrow, deep its each Land And in wee head trundle bed benison in sun whenAnd Stretching birth of each left the with beyond sill There the was on window floods glory west, the crimson With morn. bundle a held sheath light, by of A 'tis then,I love roads—the old methinks,

the tiny That moonbeams had spun best. are at their they very That futurity, of land of tomorrow, their Land From into gleams own wondrous

if If yield gladness or hold you you dreams, these are paradise roadsSequestered of pain, a gift little For to each one.

stress plod; or of Devoid

is I there from One may whom note Yet the heedHere wooddove's borrow the its When sang wind babes to sleep last reach soul to God. up AndI maylet my shield will that Strength sun from me night

or from rain. With a sweet low croon, with a sweet

1 i i low croon, Yesteryear RockingTuckedtheminto highbeds inof aappletree nearbloom.by,

By Grace Ingles Frost YESTERYEAR I sang a song Of sweet, bright things a-growing. Mad Waves

violets bells and lilyO yellow poppies glowing By Grace Ingles Frost And

With golden shafts shot by the sun PELLMELL they gallop to the shore

From skies of azure hue; Like mighty steeds of Neptune,

The whole wide world seemed filled with Madly neighing, roar on roar song In tossingmaned abandon.

For very love of you.

Before the keen lash of the wind

But that was yesteryear, and now Band after band is driven,

The blue has turned to gray; Without a rein to curb or bind

Mine eyes see naught to make them glad; Until their strength is riven.

Where e'er I wend my way.

In notes that tremble on the breeze, The voice of each that paws the land

A monody I hear, By those which follow after

For love has come, and love has gone Is hushed, and each bows on the sand

It fled with yesteryear. To water's rippling laughter.

a

Potential Boy Killer Becomes Shock Absorber Expert (From the Washington Star)

is the fourth of a series of articles describing the reBy THOMAS R. HENRY [Note—This markable experiment in the redemption of boys who have proved

is in schools, ordinary carried the\ which being on by children are unmanageable ANGEROUS District Public system. Fife, School Harold principal D. the of Gales rare.

Special School, is a Utah product. His early education was obtained in

carry seldom They their Salt City, after Lake which he attended college in Washington, C. D.

slaughter ofDprimitive day dreams a sincere "Mormon."He is acquainted Those his success with have

and carnage into reality. Yet not marveled at his ability to handle incorrigible boys. The Lord says that

infrequently newspapers contain those who keep the Word of Wisdom "shall find wisdom and great accounts of killings by early adotreasures of knowledge, even hidden treasures."Is this an answer to those lescents. who wonder at young Fife's remarkable achievements!'—The Editors. ]

Children with cravings which threaten to be realized occasionally wrong with his home environment. attention, of becoming the central

come into the Gales Special School, His brothers and sisters were all figure on the stage.

after proving unmanageable in perfectly normal. Knives did it. When he flew at

other public schools. There they He had a low I. Q., placing him somebody with a long, sharp knife

are given special study by Harold among the highgrade morons. In in 'his hands folks noticed him.

D. Fife, principal. school he had been a continual failThe smart children became insigPaul was a sullen, unmanageable ure in everything. He wouldn't nificant figures compared to Paul

boy with an obsession for knives. study. He couldn't learn if he on such an occasion.

He was dangerous and teachers did.

reagood with of him, Fifewere afraid a first had him examined by Sought Impression fault child's the class It wasn'tson. psychiatrist at the who found

that he never had killed anybody. base of the knife throwing obses- U E wanted to impress himself on

It was his good luck. sion the old inferiority complex. folks, to make them feel his

When a teacher tried to disciThe child suffered from his apparpresence and his importance. A

pline him he would draw a knife ent inferiority in his classes. He teacher would feel a knife thrust

on her. On several occasions he had to have some way of attracting in her body. She would pay atattacked other children with tention to Paul then—he would be

knives. It was a wonder that the the most important figure in the

schools put up with him as long as world to her.

they did. Again and again, knives Paul, of course, hadn't reasoned

were taken away from him but he all this out. He simply felt it. So

always was able to get another. long as he had a knife in his pocket

Where he got them nobody knows. he felt himself the ruler of his

Probably he stole most of them. little universe. Without a knife

he felt sick, helpless and unnecesKnife a Necessity sary.

It was almost a foregone conclu-

A KNIFElad's existence.was a necessityIt was asforvitalthe sionwhen thata murderthe wouldtime wouldbe necessarycomeas morphine to a dope fiend. The to the boy's peace of mind—

probability is that he suffered nervmurder into which he would be ous tortures when deprived of a forced inevitably.

knife. He would have got it At the Gales School, Paul resomehow, regardless of what obmained the sullen unmanageable,

stacles were put in his way. boneheaded kid. The change of

Fife volunteered to take Paul. environment apparently did no

School officials warned him that he good. He still carried knives. Fife

would be dealing with a crazy kid tried to talk him out of it, but it is who was certain to kill somebody impossible to argue a person out of sooner or later and that it would obsessions. The form may be

be best to put him away somechanged, but not the substance.

where, with no further attempts at Fife suspected that here again was reform. a case of dual personality, but there

The child came from an excelwas no point of contact. The child

lent family. There was nothing seemed to have no interests upon

The Improvement Era for February, 1930 273

which other interests could be said, was the great defect. Water shock absorber imagination. He is

grafted. Even knives did not ran through the holes too easily. working on the perfect shock abconstitute such an interest. They He had an idea that what shock sorber for automobiles. It is very

existed, for him, only to stab folks absorbers needed was molasses. Fife likely, experts who have looked

with. gave him some money to buy a over his work say, that Paul will

quart of molasses. some day revolutionize the world's

Wanted to Kill Pitcher Shock absorbers began to replace ideas on shock absorption. He is

knives as Paul's obsession. He a shock absorber genius. He knows

base Paul ball and was playingT F thought absorbers. lived shock and everything about thinks them and

-* instance, his out, for struck was learn Still he wouldn't anything of nothing seems to have else. He

immediate reaction would be to else. Fife decided that it was best an instinctive ability to look at a

rush the pitcher who so humiliated to let well enough alone. He saw roughriding car and tell what is

him with a knife. that the proper environment for wrong with its shock absorber

The teacher saw that he had an the boy was a shock absorber ensystem.

his hopeless hands. jobalmost on vironment, for the being. time is already he But thinking be- a patient course open was onlyThe Paul rather to to was go young absorbers shock yond for automocharacter- behavior of minutestudy a work, regarage but after owner, biles into the subject of shock

istics, of might which one some solicitation, peated give agreed to absorbers for men. has idea an He better naboy's a to the keyprove trial a without him pay. any The in mind, confided he Fife, to which

Itture. required weeks weeks and at leaped the chance. boy could He will enable a being to human walk clue during thebefore get his folks, said, money from he came—weeks over if hard as pavements he were the just around Paul mopedwhich and willing be to would the pay floating air. through day Some boss. his prettyroom, own much garage for an opportunity to man is he going this to provide great several Fife the noticed boy live absorbers. shock among for boon humanity.

the puttering valve oftimes with was ago. That months Today Is the greatest shock absorber exin radiator thethe room. steam At Paul the has reputation of being pert in Washington a dullard? in absorbed times he seemedsuch the of best one shock absorber meFife asks. didn't askthe mechanism. He chanics in Washington. does Hequestions about it—but just nothing else. Some of the most Paul doesn't throw knives any

screwed and unscrewed the valve expensive cars in the city are more, but the same old inferiority time and time again. Ordinarily brought to him for his expert opincomplex is at the root of his per-

a child puttering with the steam ion on shock absorbers. sonality.

radiator in a schoolroom would effecBut has he found a more reprimanded. been inhave Garage Works tive to "feel"way people make his the mechanPossibly had a boy is far presence than more a shock and attention pay to him.ical Fife thought. mind, He

is de- "PUTabsorberhe mechanic. has a the This by He genius. working of next out.cided to test The him

morning, through his breakfast a little late, he glanced hastily about his garage for some mechanical device for the child. There was American Visitors to England

nothing appropriate. He picked up

an old shock absorber, broken, out- 'T'HE Alliance News of London, It is a firmly rooted English belief ofdate, and long past its days of says that most of the American that no American will take a soft usefulness. visitors to the British metropolis drink when there is anything

Upon such trifling incidents as seem to have gotten out of the stronger going.

this the course of a whole life may habit of drinking alcoholic liq- "Actually, many of them are turn. uors. The editor says: firm teetotallers, and have been

That day in school Paul was Most of London's most fashheard to say that their chief comabsorber.fascinated the shock by at hotels are ionable full present plaint against this is country the

it pieces to after took he timeTime of visitors. wealthy American difficulty of people making underit reagain. together put Heand are waiters disgruntled very Head stand that a they ask for when efforts to explain tosented any him because very of few drink them "soft"drink are they not employdevice worked. had the Hehow intoxicants. the week, Last in ing an expression American a for his vocation.found a of diningroom famous West cocktail of a whiskey soda. and End Hotel, twentythree tables

Turns Inventor were occupied by Americans. Only

party one wine, drinking was most is about later one to ounce of T'HERE weeks he came A FEW rest reiced-water, the of the A alcohol in each these: of teacher the anthe with "softmainder drinks."Soda that abthe shocknouncement old

oz. Three in fully fountains of were whiskey. employed 47% good,sorber the that fellow no was pints beer. of hotels Independence Two on London 4% it didn't anything made knowwho of pint One wine. of Daily Express Day. July The 8% principle the the thing, ofabout

3rd contained the following parainvented he In thebut that had last year a much before prohibi-

one.better tion, had He made it at home graph of all alcoholic (1919) 92%

out of wood. He explained his "There is always the possibility liquor consumed in the U. S. was

idea and it seemed workable. It on July 4, in London that the supin the form of beer and wine.

operated with water which, Paul ply of soft drinks may run out. U. S. Statistical abstract.

o Road CBy ESTELLE the call echoed TEARLElongo0—HOO,"and eerie over the water. METCALF

Jessie waited until the sound faded away, then her spent with Amelia, face lighted up as she and during the latter waved a slim, brown one Amelia's brother, arm high in the air. Fernald, gave up an

Tom Davis, sitting anticipated fishing crosslegged on a pile trip to be there too.

of seines on the wide It was soon evident dock across the river, to all that Jessica had looked up, and pulling off his cap ception of adequacy, and put only to say the word. But she

waved in return. It was too far aboard the train which would take didn't say it, then. She had already

to see the faces, but not so far but her to the city, to boarding school. accepted the position of teaching

that a spectator on either side of the country school and felt oblithe waterway would have felt the gated to keep her agreement.

vivid and sparkling youth that anJrOR the first time in imated the two. her sixteen years, she met the

brush. the a vacation tooth spring world. She saw L.N school would and It June was silks fathshe to to in prepared mothers gone had and She Boston saw

It been Jessie's over. had besoon give It ers his in cutaways. Fernald a Quaker answer and she was

in the as "teacher"first year sure to say, learned to she was little school be "Yes."and it was When

teacher, village. She wasfishing all beShe she will she felt again "If thee meekly, allow."saw them

principal, janitor and custodian of found that men in the city didn't wildered, and again put him off "the little red school house,"tie scraps of clotheslines around until school closed in June. She

though she didn't really half look their belts to keep the wind out, went from the Winter's estate and the part. Coppery curls short and girls, "nice girls,"didn't bring Fernald back to her father's home

enticingly, and dangle toenough this pails. tin their All lunches in Davis. and Tom lashes, dark eyes with bluegentle easily. learning didn't The come to a third brother been had Tom aristocratic an inherited fromshe sixteen bitter, as heartaches were her since ever she could remember. Jessie died when hadmother, who be. will heartaches year always old lestheir studied Together they had girl. little a butwas girl little the ever one no saw But shelled sons bullfrogs, shot and

from the country cry, and with peas and hauled lobster pots, pulled of eyes ears the keen and mind and let been skunks, trapped weeds Jessie and had OINCE folks, grasped seafaring she her his dresses her standing and mended the sink reach to down byable differences to sought mend and nets; ever she but of love had the box, no was inevitable word soap theon cover them. and them. between mentioned Not house, somehow, keep tomanaged

for the father and two brothers, She did, to such an extent that even now, though Tom had his who every day shipped barrels of the second summer vacation business as well started as any in fish to the mythical New York. brought to her heart such a delight the village.

"New York,"the little Jessie as she had never dared to dream.

would whisper the name to herself. Amelia Winters, of Boston, even

It actually tasted good and often in Beacon Hill, invited her, Jessie NcIOW Jessie stood those early days she went down Brown, to visit at her home for against the pillar of the piazza railwith the men to haul their catch two weeks. So for two ecstatic ing. The tide was high, so high

just so as to go by the "Folly"the weeks she lived as she had hungered that it lapped at the roots of the stone pillar which marks the bounto, and at the end of this time, she goldenrod that fringed the road.

their power what might, she would eventually was chugging laboriously up thedarythese—Newof threeYork.states,As and one of vowed a solemn vow that come A tug boat with its string of barges

boat whished by this spot, she make a place for herself in this river. A small barelegged boy lay

would gaze longingly over the world. She was not a snob, but flat on his tummy on the dock,

broad expanse of enchanted waters. her mother had come from such daring an eel to leave its shadowy

They went to New York. Would people as these, had standards such refuge and climb upon his impashe ever go there, too? as theirs and had been totally cut tiently dangling hook. The sun

At sixteen, the beginning of her off from her family at her marriage. was warm, as only a June sun

chance came. With money left by And she had left the seed of longknows how to be, and the breeze

her mother for that purpose, she ing for gentility with her daughfrom off the water was cool and was packed and clothed adequately, ter. salty.

according to her male family's conThe two ensuing summers were Jessie drew her eyes a bit sadly,

The Improvement Era for February, 1930 275 from the peaceful scene and opened today?"he had never ceased to see want me—particularly—so I

the letter she held in her something funny in Jessie's vocawhich was—we were—I thought—you tion. it again.Jhand and read turn to was her were—."It

Dear Jessica, it read. Even the Jessie stood still and looked at stumble over the words that

Jessica seemed strained today. the man soberly, not answering. wouldn't say themselves.

Why do you keep me waiting? "Your needle's in the box, if

You have put me off, till I can't you want it,"he suggested. She

hiswait any longer. I am half afraid usually did. T.HE man dropped

that you will change your mind. Not getting any reply from his work now, and untangling his

Why can't I come to you? There visitor, he said: long legs from the nettings, came

was much more, the letter of an "What's the matter? Got a over to where the crimsonfaced

impatient lover. He ended by tooth ache, or something?"girl sat kicking pebbles into the

saying that if he didn't hear some- "No, I haven't any tooth ache, water.

thing very definite by return mail and I don't want any needle and "Jessie,"he said huskily, "you that he would be there on Saturyou needn't try to be funny,"she mean that?"

day night. It was signed Fernald answered all at once. "I'm serious No answer.

Winters. and I came over here to ask you "Jessie, look up here,"his voice

a question."The copper curls shook, "so's I can see your face."

slowly, he deliberately, spoke Then each with emphatically bobbed the come, time had tO that he be not might misunderherself metharranged word. She her. step to the next upand was 'stood. odically a post convenient and on If she she accepted him, was there's mean, somebody to prepared her mind. unburden village for the goodthrough with a I don't didn't paused. she seem She man—that"You Then know—that that five years not for wasand you're going all. after start, to to to—live know how with—alherself fitting been shewhat had tear to ways?"seemed Each word tried to the shoot,""Well, manto do? itself his leave heart a from and out. help her the.answer eyes her sought Again gaping behind. wound There was I to ask over you came "Tom, folscene as her, theyin the before bitterness, humiliation, no no no a question."course of the long windinglowed chagrin, incredibleness only an once. said that "Sure. You Go it lost river tothe where was that impossible. seemed rehelpful the too on,"none was of a point made landaround and silence intolerable. was The ply. cove. a into "Annabelup The I "Well, to out, find didn't had

stake, to her pullingLee"up was Jessie last. at I?"looked Her up

uselessly, sails flappingher snowy blue eyes in were unshed swimming the thunderbolt HEN flock ofas she about. came T A tears. all right. fell. out She found had deep de- a breath of With folasgeese they loudly honked in She a found seconds out had few in. termination, she plunged their well the to water uplowed in the what, course natural of said. love she you me?""Do feeding ground. downknown And events, she never have might course,""Well, of answered he into justthe other coming way, known. as so without looking up much river her thethe bay, was from

I see, to "Don't his you had work. Tom, from the father's boat, towing power find just tell out whether were you ever intend to "Didn't you dories. brothers would Hertwo being polite,"she hesiexplained she so?"me demanded. there, the across too; onbe and

I tatingly, "after I asked I ever you what don't "Well, know's still sitting side, a figureother was

I did."it,"said honestthought about he pile nettings, the of though andon

it, ly. exanyhow,""You know see, Jessie to fartoo knew away

that he would be energetically pullpressing the primitive uselessness of H:.E still looked being the wooden seine needle reiterating obvious truths. wildered.

"Don't you want to know "I didn't mean it,"she lookedthrough and through the netting, for you?"she up from under halflowered lashes,once to make the square and once to whether I—care

lock the stitch, time and time added more diffidently. 'scuse please?"the old childish

again, until all the little squares "Well, I know that too, why phrase.

always then—"mean, "You Tomwere reconstructed been—you've you started, tensely. to surged Hope and the gaping we'vebeen—I'vealwaysalways—what'reholes were gone.

all excited about anyway?"he his head turned dizzy. and him the path and ran She down

lamely. somewhat girl. "Don't play with now, me the finished slippedacross the. She road

painter of her skiff off the stake "Tom Davis, do you intend to I've got to know the truth, for and, dropping it into the boat, marry me?"she demanded explosure. Jessie,"he pleaded, "will

slipped lightly in after it. sively. you marry me?"

"Course. You'll let me know The bright curls bobbed affirmwhen you're ready,"was the laatively.

rows a boat for conic reply. So he gathered her close in his diversion; a'NEone sculls, when on "Oh, I will, will I!"Jessie's arms and tucked her snugly under

business bent. Standing in the copper hair almost turned red in his shoulder. As the golden rays

stern, she sculled neatly. Arrivthis instant. "Well, I'm sorry, of the setting sun sl>one its halo

ing at the other shore, she threw a but I came over to tell you that I of light upon them, he kissed her half hitch over the stake and stepam going to marry a man in Bosgently; then, as the thought of

ped out on the dock. ton—soon."At Tom's look of how near he had come tp losing Tom grinned good naturedly. gasping astonishment, she went on her came to him, he kissed her again "Hello, Jess. How's teacher desperately, "You didn't seem to—not so gently.

..,

Recreation in the Home

II

ideal of profound signifihome, the ward hall, a resort, or responsiveness to the deeper reliin experiences. gious Nothing adult members canyon. in a The cance among Latterday contributes in a family life unite more pomight family the ofAN

Saints is that of family temple excursion. tently to the realization of this obloyalty.unity, family The turning than family prayer and prepared program jective A carefully

the fathers hearts of theof worship. with different be arranged to the should

children and the hearts of the chilbranches of the family participate Prayer brings a spirit of hudren to the fathers is a basal theoing. Games and activities should mility. The gathering in the

logical and sociological principle. be arranged for both children and morning and evening, where all

It is a condition of happiness, of adult members of the family, that members of the family, bow in revprogression. of eternalsalvation,

SaintThe Latterday home is allity mightof the partakeoccasion.of the congenialerence,and tolerancebrings fora spiriteach ofother'shumilityimready to avail itself of every opperfections and desires. All know

ideal. this great to realizeportunity

work its templeIts genealogy, and Suggested Program for asthatthethedaysmemberscome andfail andgo. succeedHence

also, by no means least important, Family Reunion the family ties are linked together are means of reunions,its family of mutual underwith a spirit include the more formal should Part I great ideal. thisachieving standing and sympathy. as: features such

(a) Community singing. Family prayer gives confidence.

marriages, Family (b) begun. has Each day memnew statistics—births, A Reunion Family The deaths. feeling a of goes ber out with

(Significant and Where (c) Who's Who is if apbest, to he his doing and cosympathy love, the whereabouts concerning and itemsTHE close of at the his proach Maker by so highly prized various family of operation accomplishments our people properly begins in a members) day. Merely asking for divine

old diaries, Excerpts (d) from deindividual exstrengthens or early guidance there it group. Fromfamily

reminiscences. family confidence termination and gives organizations. The larger totends progress of genealogical (e) Report on

ideals family in of maintaining together comingoccasional work. and temple

families in a social way will tend (f) Round table discussion relative to a honesty, loyalty, truthfulness, etc.

to develop a family pride. The desirable project to be undertaken by Family prayer increases family

the the family during coming year. takes a loyalty. have member As each family who of themembers

talks such minute on subjects (g) Two the his desires for turn voicing business in success unusualmade as:

or in the professions or in religious "My proudest moments as a family, the others get a glimpse activities naturally will be brought (Brown)."into the soul of that individual.

I married absent for brother in- (Brown)"the pray ideals "Why and as They serve andforward a—InLaws. Given by girl field, the for the in mission younger the memtospirations

I in Grandfather."loved most "What a realizaat school for will and away group. So also the ofbers I in loved Grandmost "What

all desires of righteous the tion pioneer of great the lives ofthe mother."

fathers and mothers, if there \ be "Looking backward and forward."each in their daily service. This

any in the family, tend to become (Courtship and social customs of anxiety expressed in family prayer past, the present and future) success, their else all for wellbeing and than moreidealized. But

contribute to I hope spirit. to the increases loyalty family and the of every memberit will enable name."(Brown) "What—to appeal in its speaks to soul Soul other every memtogroup know representtableaus or (h) Dramatizations

ber of the group; and to know each ing pictures from the past: God for the things needed and reother, generally means to love "Grandfather's conversion,"calls the manifold blessings in

the valley/'of appreciation thankand words the "Entering It will make other.each

first home,""The these of fulness. thereby The hearing andfamily name sacred, the family skeleton,""Bones from

be a source of strength to all who etc. petitions for the wellbeing of all

bear it. (i) Music interspersed throughout the members glorifies the family tie.

A family reunion tends to deprogram.

velop family loyalty-—a pride in Part II should be informal in its naSunday and the Home

the family name; it inspires deture and include such things as:

Lord's holy '"THE Day is a Father thy (a) Refreshments, to "Honor day—termination

It a holiday. has been Anecdotes, -*- not secure (b) to andand thy Mother,"

(c) (for adults and children) Games of rest set apart as a day and worIt inblessings. promisedthe

(d) Dancing. revbegets ship. all Sabbath of closer association A sacredvites

family members and offers opporerence for God. It is not pleastunity to celebrate family events Worship in the Home ing in His sight that the day be

such as birthdays and wedding given over to pleasureseeking in anniversaries or other family hisONE of the general objectives set places of amusement or elsewhere.torical events. forth in our recreational proSunday Schools and meetings

The reunion may be held at a gram is that it shall engender have been so arranged as to meet

The improvement Era for February, 1930 277

the convenience of the people and building and the formation of generally, it can hardly be said to leave a considerable portion of the ideals, but we do know that chilexist at all without this beginning,

Sabbath day without Church apdren and grown people alike exfor after all singing is the basis of is another andpointments. We earnestly appeal press in various ways the type of music itself—which

to the people to keep their meethome which is theirs. sufficient reason for desiring the

ing appointments faithfully and Eating and sleeping are not percommon practice and knowledge to utilize that portion of Sunday haps, the most important of the of it among young and old alike.

not appointed for meetings in needs which the home should supThis is hardly the place, perhaps, promoting family association in ply. In addition to the merely for an apology for the human voice

the home, with the purpose of creature comforts there is the vital as a medium of musical expression, stimulating and establishing greatcraving for mental and spiritual but in view of the opinions already er home fealty, a closer companionfood, and only the home can supexpressed, not to mention the presship among parents and children, ply these needs adequately. ent unfortunate decadence of the

and more intimate relations among A beautiful picture may hang art of singing, a few remarks, howall kindred. upon a wall and be seen daily by a ever parenthetical, may not be

We believe that it is unnecchild, but until he absorbs the amiss.

essary for families to go beyond message, discovers the spirit of the It has been said that up to the their own homes or those of their thing, and feels the warmth of time of Wagner, composers, either kindred for the relaxation and asthe sunshine, or hears the rustle consciously or unconsciously, had sociation which are proper for the of the leaves or the murmur of the human voice in mind when

Sabbath day, and we therefore disthe brook, the child is being dewriting a phrase for an instrucourage more traveling than is prived of one degree of the richness ment. Despite obvious exceptions,

necessary for this purpose and for which should attend his fasuch as might be observed in the attendance upon appointed meetmiliarity with that picture. works of Bach and in the latter

ings. The eternal questions as to how compositions of Beethoven, this is

Let all unnecessary labor be susthe moon shines, what makes probably true in the main. You

pended, and let no encouragement thunder, how matches strike, what can find traces of Bellini in be given by the attendance of electricity is, and so on indefinitely Chopin; and almost every phrase

members of the Church at places are manifestations of the developof Haydn, Schubert, Mozart and of amusement and recreation on ment of the human intelligences Handel can be sung. Music since

the Sabbath day. If Sunday is which are gathered under the head Wagner has traveled far in the opspent in our meetings and in our of "family,"and in the home posite direction. If any single inhomes, great blessings will come every effort should be made to anfluence had to be traced in modern

to our families and communities. swer such queries satisfactorily and music, it is instrumental rather

Heber J. Grant fully. There are many books and than vocal, which, incidentally,

Ivins are Anthony invaluable magazines W. which lack of account for that charm in may

'Nibley these helping to solve problems, Charles W. I (an unsatisfactory term think but

First Presidency. The Book of Knowledge, Uniof no other) with which the more

versity Book Shelf, and Popular advanced experiments in the art

Enriching The Home With Mechanics being especially good. have been reproduced. However,

Truth and Beauty The fundamental secret underlythere is an encouraging revival of ing is the satissuccessful home interest of part some modon the established were asU faction the and contentment possibilities ern in the composers—places shelter, little of and OMES place because of to which we turn as of voice of the a means human first.else at Gradually the defulness the Artistically expression. of the hours and days human of thisvelopment institution has

there. spent speaking of one the orthodoxy significanceadded to the the of

term, until today the word home "Beauty is truth, truth beauty; that is all generation is often the heresy of

holds a world of meaning. PerYe know on earth, and all ye need to the next, so that no one need feel

haps we fail to realize the possiknow."Keats. surprised at the reviving interest in

bilities of the home in character (To be continued) the voice among serious musicians.

It was bound to come and is very welcome for of all instruments of music the human voice is the most varied, the most expressive—and Gift of God single instrunatural, the most no Music—A By CHARLES KENT ment can ever equal it. Music is

gift his inspirational to an of God is sical desirable course that very of a education be will hundred T children. to It spurs deeds us on*f"I learn the sing. to play to learn should able Indeed, to young

that are higher nobler, while and felt stringed other instrument. orsome that have long every person

It is likewise important that they should show cause why he cannot it aids in the building of real master, as far as possible, the sing, instead of, as now, regarding character. The Almighty himself

simpler rules of harmony and the this accomplishment as a remarkhas deemed this subject of sufficient still useful intricacies of counterable one. For this reason alone it importance to justify a revelation

point. Doubtless there is very would be justifiable to regard to the Prophet Joseph Smith. It

much to be said for all these acsinging as the foundationstone of is to be hoped, therefore, that parcomplishments, but I am of the our musical structure; the building entswill cultivate the habit of singopinion that for every one person may remain in complete without ing in the home. The results will

who is able to acquire such a muthe other courses but. speaking richly repay the effort.

The Common Sense o Music By SIGMUND SPAETH

Reviewed by Evangeline T. Beesley

greatest composers correlations, have outside and intellecTheDR.speaksSPAETHto thein laymanthis bookas mental and is often based upon may stand the test of absolute. descriptive written coldly or program considers beauty tual, which

well as the musician. He and contemplates form and techmusic, sometimes using devices to

proves that literally there is a nique. Real aesthetic listening enmake most literal descriptions.

sense in music common to everycompasses all three. Strauss in the opera Electra gives

one. He links the essentials in actual hatchet blows. Beethoven's-

to concretemusic experiences—time a is often harmonious is hisgreatest V/TUSIC program number

to heartbeat, calls to bird melody conversation. to *- background telling Pastoral a of Symphony,

progresses naturally inand and best while talking do their etc., Some scene, storm, country calm

telligently music's through realm is music. there musicians is Many Mendelsson's of music

itsto greatest the achievement, are dinners furnish to to asked type program Midsummerfairy—asymphony. manages most He author background. such The Night's Overture and Dream

style,naive treating subject the in presents a successbe what would Debussy's also Afternoon Scherzo, a light very sincere yet attracand ful concert dinner, course for a Scotch McDowell's of a Fawn,tive vein. the that carrying people thought Tschaikowsky's -Fourth Poem,

The author begins with melody at a concert listen for tonal beauty, Symphony, and many others.

speaks lureand of its the with idea technical dexterity excitement. and titles supplied been have Manythat the beginnings appreciation of give not too bread must One much pieces written after the were

lie here. speaks the of He twoIt incessant melody. of and jam It Sonata. Beethoven's Moonlighttone melody of the cuckoo call and encased in be must good sized is better to have such resometimesthe threetone bugle call with musicianship. the slices of wholesome is fair in tentive All names.

varied melodies based andmany musicians Good stories. lovers. creating muisc Use appetizers—such

it: the Banner, Star Spangledupon as Chaminade, MosGodard, first, listen at to then to help you

Marseillaise, Pilgrim's Chorus kowsky, Kreisler, Raff, Entre, discard them. As you advance

from Tannhauser, Sigfried's Horn, Mendelssohn, Grieg, Tschaikmoods become more important

Come Thou Almighty King, and owsky, McDowell, may have a than stories. The response tofollows them with melodies of adentre to climax wide range from beauty places man above the anitones.ded Chopin, Schubert, Schumann, mal.

Haydn, Handel, Mozart, etc.

can is the only art which Music Donizetti, Verthe proceeds with new meloXJ E Climax—Rossini, abstract, *--* the can make his express di, dies are based Puccini with which Wagner at upon

association the with without one best. far better Gounod; andolder and often comDessert—Bizet despair, concrete feel joy, sorrow,positions. a tasty Rusbe Korsakov is can Rimski Blossom Time

given the credit for presenting sian dressing; Bach, Beethoven and courage. Truly great music affects

some of the most charming meloBrahms are the staples of the musiall people much the same way. It

dies of Schubert to the masses. I'm cal larder. Liszt is good after a can affect human character.

Always Chasing Rainbows is from climax for a reminiscent mood.

Chopin's Fantastic Impromptu; Strong cheese is Schoenberg. HTIME and tune are the real eleCastle of Dreams from Chopin's Sweets are Elgar, Dradla, Drigo, -* ments of music. Time diMinute Waltz. The beginning of Offenbach; and Sousa's marches vided into equal segments is

Yes, We Have No Bananas, is alare a return to absolute normalcy. rhythm. It is found in nature

most an exact duplication of the Appetite for the best will grow as rippling of water, pulse of heart, first four notes of Handel's Halleyou eat. Partake are etc. Rhythm leads to a natural freely—youmusically accent which is usually upon thelujah Chorus, while the middle secmore likely to starve

tion brings / Dreamt That I Dwelt than to overeat. first beat of each group. All time

in Marble Halls. The author does What will listeners meet in avcan be divided into groups of two

not censure such borrowing but erage concert program? First of and three. The author here goes

feels that the greater sins of comall let us consider program music into a study of all kinds of meters, position are insincerity and dulland absolute music. The first of notes of different value, the

ness. consists of songs, operas, oratorios, meaning of the dot following a

How do people listen? With and all music with titles which dinote, of rest, triplets, syncopation.

their ears? Very often with their rect our thoughts. Absolute music He tells of the discovery that

eyes. Heifetz has been criticized depends upon itself alone to estabmanual labor is easier if done

for not smiling while playing. lish mood. We have here most rhythmically. Soldiers march

There are three kinds of listening: symphonies and sonatas and string better in rhythm. Primitive peasrhythmic, which is primitive or quartettes. The best program ants accomplished all activities

physical, emotional, which is sentimusic such as Lohengrin Prelude with rhythm, from which grew

The Improvement Era for February, 1930 279

the folk song. He discusses the Tonic, little Octave in his exact The sonata ends in a coda or tail,

manner of beating time: 2|4 image, Mother Dominant (the saying everything is over. All

down, up; 3|4 down, over, up; fifth) and Uncle Mediant (the absolute music adheres to form of

4|4, down, over, out, up. He tells third) as all sit on the steps tosonata for solo instruments. Symus to use phonograph records to gether. We feel the characteristics phony is a sonata for orchestra.

practice such beating. of each. Re second has caused Often this sonata structure is disIn a most interesting discussion many discords. The gossips shout played only in the first movement

of lucid intervals, we are intro- "la"at escapades of Old Man of the symphony, but sometimes duced to the scale on the piano Sixth. There is a romance bein all. The second movement of

with its 8 intervals. Its half steps, tween him and Aunt Sub -domisymphony is generally slow, the

we are led to discover, occur benant (fourth) Si Seventh is unthird fast, (a scherzo) and the couth but goodhearted and leads fourth, the finale.tween three and four—seven and

eight. Experiment with the scales to little Octave.

in different places on the keyForm is system or organization (OLOR is another characterboard. Pick out simple tunes in music. It is the means to secure istic which lends variety for

yourself. Number one is the floor, greatest effect with minimum efthe composer. It deals with

number three is the landing, numfort. Melodic inventions are the quality of tone. There is indiber five another landing and numraw material. Composers must viduality even among instruments

ber eight the top of first flight, arrange them to give variety and of the same family. The cello is

and the beginning of the second. contrast. Form gives unity and very different in color to the

first phrase is the main idea first the sounds in music, next theAlmostfloor—numberall melodiesone. end on the design.the In Old Folks at Home violin. A child should be taught

and is repeated with a slight musical spelling, grammar and

HTHE melodious progression of change, then finds a contrasting rhetoric.

-*- notes is best when within a bit and the theme is again repeated Interpretation. Often our intersmall range. Love me and the at end. This is a simple A. A. est is in the performer rather than

World is Mine, covers less than B. A. form, calling the main idea the music. Many worthy performone octave; Lead Kindly Light, A. and the contrast B. Work out ers are barred from the concert

six intervals; Old Oaken Bucket, others. Variations of a melody stage because they have not esseven; Old Kentucky Home and may be the means of a composer tablished a namevalue. Do not

Carry Me Back to Old Virginia, to bring interest. Musical form ask who is singing, but take an

eight. There is a law not to wanmay be built up by having two interest in what is sung. Think

der too far from tradition though melodies harmonize. Long, Long of the orchestra not the conductor.

trying always to put on a stamp of Trail and Keep the Home Fires The interpreter is not the message, originality. Beethoven, Schubert, Burning may be sung together. only the messenger. The comand Brahms repeated themselves, The singing of Yankee Doodle poser takes for granted that the

but were honest. They did not and Dixie together might have performer will overcome his meworry over originality of every ended the war sooner. Humorchanical difficulties but also hopes

note. Of the new compositions esque and the first part of Old for intimate understanding which

anything popular is echoed. Folks at Home sound well tois often entirely overlooked by the

We are next introduced to hargether. This is really great fun interpreter.

mony and its simplest rules for a crowd. The trick of having

which notes can be sung together. melodies harmonize is called A singer's requirements are first

We hear a major chord and the counterpoint. The beginning of a voice; second a clear enunciaminor in the same key. We dis- a tune by a second voice after it tion; third, good breathing;

cover the mood of each. Any is already well under way is a fourth, habitual technique (so

tune can be made major or minor. canon. All rounds are canons. that the mechanics will not be

Try in The Star Spangled Banner, Schubert's Unfinished Symphony noticeable); fifth, ability to keep

flatting three each time and sharphas many examples of counterin tune. His chief concern is to

ing four. point. It is astounding in Wagexpress beautifully the thought of

All voices are divided into four nerian Operas. Sometimes many the composer. The oratorio reparts. One part sings lead, which melodies are being played simulquires a highly developed vocalism

is the easiest; bass is next, usually taneously. Some musicians foland is more quiet and controlled

singing about three notes. Tenor low form unconsciously. Folk than opera.

next, usually singing a third above tunes were written unconscious of Choral requirements are first, the lead. Alto and first bass have form, but often have supplied mageneral vocal quality; second,

real test of ability. They must terial for great symphonies. ability to sing on pitch; third,

fill in the missing links in harThe sonata form consists of precision of attack and release;

mony. Two or three chords are several movements related but fourth, shading. The conductor

usually enough to harmonize any capable of individual performance. is responsible for interpretation

melody. The procedure of a composer in and smoothness. There is no finer

writing a sonata is first to gain ateffect in music than a large mixed \\7E are next introduced to the tention, second to present his subchorus with orchestra accompani- v keys which Dr. Spaeth speaks jects or themes in relief against a ment. The male chorus has a

of as a great tribe who are related musical background, third to devery individual and attractive but are scattered over the keyvelop the themes together. This quality.

board. The C Scale is the stalk would correspond to the plot in a

spring. they all which It story.from gives excitement regard to We and TN instruments—except Father acquainted testsbecome with character the of the subjects. in rare cases the cello is heard

280 The Improvement Era for February, 1930

to best effect in orchestra or string such as Elgar's Pomp and Circumquartette. Violin is more versastance, Tschaikowsky's Faust, the Impressions

tile. It has high and low range, Wedding March of Lohengrin and

can harmonize, be played rapidly Funeral March of Chopin. If you By DR. C. Y. CANNON

or slowly. It requires skill to play desire program music, listen to

title of your anwell for there are great possibilities songs of the masters, Hark, Hark, TD OAST not the cestors,both in bowing and fingering. It the Lark as a beginning, and those

is the most important instrument of Liszt, Rubenstein, Hugo Wolf, Brave youth. They're their possesin the orchestra. A large orStrauss and Brahms, as well as sions, none of yours.

chestra of 80 or 100 has over half those of French and American When your own virtues equalled of its members playing violins. composers. Go then into opera have their names,

Viola is alto violin and the lowest from Carmen, Faust, Boheme, 'Twill be but fair to lean upon their fames, pitch of the string is the bassin to Traviata the WagTrovatore, supporters; but are strongviolin. to For they thence and group nerian

till then are next Strauss. woodwinds For instrumental in Richard The are but growing genare the strings. There romanThe greatest to music, serenades,quality program

flute, piccolo, oboe (of nasal ces, boating and pastoral numbers; tlemen."Ben Johnson.

which instument the river, sea, mountain,quality and and brook, offers More and more I am impressed for the the pictures.furnishes Imagination "A"orbird younger the attitude the of with clarinet, English tuning)chestra's this in much field—Mendelssohn's Jesus of the of people Church melanalso and (called Overoboe Night's Dreamhorn, Midsummer in Saints Latterday of Christ the bassoon, Stories and in Scherzo. maycholy mood) ture and achievepast the about as boasting the orchestra. such translated to music of also beclown

its early of members. To ments

is achievements these of proud In the brass choir we have Danse Macabre of Saint Saens. be

slide tromtrumpet, horn,French without proper, natural and and have we of a mood music tN of hyena laughing (thebone later generathis pride of such we abstract etc. 1 rhapsodies, Much, in- a huge tuba, thejazz) and appreciin lacking be tion would as such definite mood has music the is of bass the whichstrument advancerely for our ation, to but Prethe Etude, Butterfly Chopin'schoir. accomplished was what upon ment Rachmanand Chopin of ludes fatal to be ancestors would our by moods. have also Sonatas inoff.

progress. our instruments several are'"THERE instinctively across state a symphony I a in as When do Living * orchestra. the in percussion of

stirs their and emotions trekked pioneers your arouses the which skill, for require kettle drumsThe realize I belong you the Great powers, West to reasoning your way to tuned to be have oftenthey vigor strength and the Begin cultured. greatly musically the to course the pitches duringdifferent

fertile, the leave to led them which Unfinished SymSchubert's with xylophone the number.of The follow, plains and easilyfarmed Fifth -SymBeethoven's- all phony, of tones have cymbaloneand the Church a murmur without World Dvorak's this in and New group are alsoscale. phony, There bar- a into led them dictates which the to snare symon cymbal, go chimes,triangle, and Symphony virarea. Their inhospitable ren, castenets, and Strauss, tambourine, of Dondrums, poems phonic fortitude was their great, tues were

, like is a tinklingcelesta which Transfiguration, and Death Juan, sublime. faith their was marvelous, is relatedlittle harp piano. The etc. out ever star was of hope Their percussion and of instrumentsto not did them. of are They in front you awaits when Music strings. thealso to the to prove past the upon depend ready.

Music memory contests are adtruth of the things they believed, mirable for encouraging the hearbut they wrote in their lives those composiof be will results future rememberinging and and to be truths; pray, weakness, it any in IS should contestants rightfulness. theirtions. of evidence the The music? on by exquisite wrought

genof form a knowledge of this we all showthem I, may May harmonies its feel wondrous to sonata perseverance, movestyle. any be granted eration Canand of windings subtlest the nocsearching to blaze any our recognized? humility own courage, bement fibres of life delicate the your soul, contraststyle not of roads the do These to fame. roads turn? Can penetrate, can memory no where but recognized? virgin country be lead throughing composers whole your together binding and refields. crowded The through edusimply readily and can One unin present, one past and being, our of acquire, those not sults we the through in music oneself cate melting you vibration; speakable latter this tests are of the parents, at hand. instruments mechanical tenall the with one filled in moment lives with work. Only day appreciayour to music and Listen been has that love, all the toil, derness, study, nights and of of days bewill you will and tion grow toilsome the filled inspiration scattered from through with dreams it discriminating. more Do come the to virtues equal will give in above one emotion concentrating years, sincerely Listen time. at a a little

and intelligently with your reaction of heroic courage or resignation all past; then

an individual matter, not based the hardlearned lessons of selfre- "'twill be but fair to lean upon on others'tastes and opinions. If nouncing sympathy, blending your their fames,

you like rhythm listen to waltzs, present joy with past sorrow, and For they are strong supporters; but

minuets, polonaises from great your present sorrow with all your till then composers. There are also country past joy? George Eliot Adam The greatest are but growing gendances. Spanish dances, marches Bede. tlemen."

PRIESTHOODAll Melchizedek Priesthood material is prepared underQUORUMSthe direction of the Council of the Twelve;

and all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

Pamphlet for the Melchizedek Priesthood rT7 HERE has just been issued from the In the foreword of the pamphlet of East Jordan stake, stressed the im- -*- press a pamphlet of one hundred we find the following: portance of living in harmony with the

and nine pages giving suggestions relGospel, and of developing a spirit of ative to the order of procedure in the "In those quorums and groups in which brotherhood and fraternalism in all the

Activity Weekly Meeting of the Melthe four principal committees are funcPriesthood quorums from the deacons chizedek Priesthood Quorums of the tioning properly, and, therefore, submitup.

reports, regular ting be written there may these suggestionsChurch. of Some

little the to to time devote or conno already in thehave but Era, appeared these 'principles sideration personal of of for the reasons advanced Amongthese as the need not be printed now it that cases conduct.'is suggested In such attendance meetings poor at quorum

isentire this year's course in given their in sugincorporate the committees the following, Elder given were bypamphlet. list in gested topics the assignments such the First Melvin Strong of Sandy

topics for consideration given suitas be The herewith submitted most may ward:

to able the duties projects they have and theunder Per- "Principles heading of sonal Conduct"aim principally toin hand.

Elders'are meetings often unin- (1) it advisable find the individ- "Other quorumsward improvement of the may is teresting either because abthe teacher fifteen to to minutes devote or twentyual principal members. following The sent or unprepared. topics of consideration welfare personalheadings indicate line the thought the of

that will be emphasized at this parand to quorum efficiency, as herein listed. (2) Many members who take an active

ticular stage of each meeting: "In -all cases the formal presentation of part are old fashioned and intolerant, and

1. In the Field of Teaching. the 'principles of conduct'should follow resent having progressive ideas discussed

roll assignments. call, reports and in the meetings. the 2. In Field of Gospel Ordithe

that ever "It should be borne in mindnances and Ceremonies. Too many donations are asked (3) 'principles lessons consideration the of on

3. Quorum Membership and the of conduct'in no sense supersedes the for.

Sacrament. lessons study Gospel Doctrine the of on

parties and enough social (4) Not the ofconstitute 4. Quorum Membership and Tithmorning, which Sunday

are associated Priesthood dances withing. for the Priesthood."ficial course study of

work. 5. The Quorum and Fast Day

Duties. needed small percentage copies of A these, Elder Strong recomTo offset the mailed been have quorums 6. Principles of Personal Conduct. for the following: dimended

ily Life. In the Field of Home and Famhavingrectly totheirthe stakestake presidenciesclerks makewhodistriare (1) Better quorum teaching. bution to the quorum members. When

8. Quorum Activities and Duties. other copies are needed application (2) A spirit of toleration and broad-

9. Relation of Quorum to Ecclesishould be made to the Deseret Book mindedness in quorum meetings.

astical Groups. Company. (3) More social parties and fraternalism.

(4) The necessary donations should be asked for but once in the meeting. Then

East Jordan Stake Efficiency Convention thosepersonally.who do not pay should be solicited

HP HE first Efficiency Convention of ing in the handsome new recreation Seventysix elders were in attend- - the Elders'Quorums of the East hall. Refreshments were served to 350 ance at the Sunday meetings. The

Jordan stake was held Saturday and in the banquet hall by the Crescent Sandy Third ward won the attendance

Sunday, December 8 and 9, in the ward gleaner girls under the direction banner presented to the ward having beautiful new Crescent ward chapel of Vida Jensen. A good feeling enhighest percentage of members present

under the direction of the Stake Adlivened the dances and games and all at the three sessions. The convention

visory Committee, consisting of Elders enjoyed themselves in great measure. proved a great success from every

Stanley Rasmussen, Chairman; Dr. C. Those in charge were enthused by the standpoint, and those present were

C. Jensen, and Albert E. Burgon. spirit of optimism and good fellowheartily in favor of having more EfThe purpose of this convention was ship which prevailed. ficiency Conventions in the future.

to arouse a greater interest in PriestTwo meetings were held Sunday behood work and encourage better atginning at 9:30 and 12:00. Between

tendance at quorum meetings. sessions refreshments were served by

The opening social Saturday eventhe Crescent ward gleaner girls.

ing was in charge of the Elders'RecreVery interesting miscellaneous pro- A ND again, be patient in tribulation ation Committee, consisting of Alma grams consisting of musical numbers, ** until I come; and, behold, I come

Fairbourn, Chairman; George Beckmissionary experiences, some of them quickly, and my reward is with me,

stead, and John L. Smith. During the very humorous, and instructive talks and they who have sought me early

evening a large crowd of elders and on the work of the Priesthood were shall find rest to their souls."Doc.

their friends enjoyed games and dancgiven. President Heber J. Burgon, and Cov. 54:10.

282 The Improvement Era for February, 1930

activities enwill record of all have see that to able you Success in Aaronic Priesthood Work

is the quarterly exstake comparisons taught and of Wisdom Word in the should be followed upONof a chance. Failure to respond Aaronic Priesthood work a emplified of homes. our in most should proper way. The boys

rating basis has been established to Bishoprics have maintained close officiate as follows:

indicate the relative activity of the contacts with the quorums, and have 1. Deacons should pass the

various stakes. According to this retaught the Word of Wisdom. Careful Sacrament.

port the for three ending Sepmonths 2. deacons) (or Teachers leisure the leadership given been has

last, tember stakes the 30, four showoffer- fast gather should Priesthood these activities of members. ing the highest rating were: South ings. the during held weekly meetings were Liberty Oquirrh 67; Priests 3. teachers should and Davis—68; wards. in various the The summer 63, and teaching. do ward Franklin—62. Priesthood fine the personnel Stake of ratings These the based were upon administer 4. Priests should

helpful. very been has Committee average attendance at Priestweekly table. at the Sacrament profine Especially, the and leadership meetings, the hood of number memgiven Priests 5. should be performance systematic for the viding bers assignments of performed who baptizing. in experience

prohave members, the of duties by duty, the average attendance at Sun- 6. teachers Priests may and

results."the duced classes, the day School number who ushers. as serve

stake Franklin of President Barton observe the of the Wisdom, Word 7. missionary All do should

is imas highly follows: "It reports proportion of to actual possible quotheir within own work

the of Stake that the portant members rums, the of having number wards quorums.

Priesthood Aaronic Committee supervisors, the average attendance of effective be 8. give can Deacons

Priestall phases of Aaronic posted on supervisors, the number of members special assistance mesin on the stake committee, the average hood work; and that visits be made senger service, such as reto help wards, regularly the various to of visits number to the wards by this

labors. in their workers the ward committee, and the average of number A mindingof missionaryward farewellsmembers

brings consistent checkingup good class or meetings per held quorum gatherings. other and

superselection results. of good The ward. expehave should boys b. The

is visors important. very wards Our Elder George A. B. Mclntyre, Stake fraternal social rience in and

this fairly for are all organized well of theChairman Priesthood Aaronic activities in service which in realize that the real responWe Committee, President and James H. work.

sibility Priesthood of AaronicRobinson of South report Davis stake work cessarilytheir Priesthooda prerequisite.is notThesenesome of the reasons for their success rests upon the bishopric of the ward; activities, which may be caras follows: "The matter of leadership and any degree of succses is due to a ried on in connection with

and organization has had the careful very great extent to the activity of these other ward organizations, attention of all our bishoprics. The brethren."will include:

1. Social affairs and entertainments.

Field Notes 2. Choruses,chestras, dramatics,glee clubs,literor-

clubs. ary e. following list suggestions the"THHE special a those for of Make hikes, 3. contests, Athletic * ward Aaronic Priesthood three the in Superhave grades who parties. swimmingvisors in the promotion Priesthood of passed the age but promotion otherwise 4. Visiting and activities have been prepared the for not reason have by any who associates comforting whoStake Aaronic Priesthood Committee advanced. been

ill othare crippled, or orof Liberty stake:

interesting trouble. erwise II. Provide worthin and

is, of the aim first, The program should meetings. c. Priesthood while promotions Quoquorum to train the boys; and, second, to

special attention. the are receive meetings during held rum Byrender actual assistance relief to and

visits, period. letters, class means, other School or Sundaythe bishopric in the the of work ward. impressed officers these be the at preside should boys Quorum

I. Find your membership. Priestsacredness business of the meetings. with of order An

a. the With assistance the of ordinations, should that so should out and be hood worked

ward clerk, make lists of the meetings will go off promptbe invited to express themthose holding the Aaronic ly and smoothly. The followselves with respect to proPriesthood, classifying them ing suggestive order indicates posed advancements. This

as priests, teachers, and deathe nature of the meeting. The will serve as a check on their

cons. activity period should not last worthiness.

b. Opposite each name, write longer than fifteen minutes. IV. Be Missionaries. In addition to

the age and address, and any a. Prayer by a member. the missionary work assigned to

special information pertain- b. Roll. the boys, the committee will

ing to activity, employment, c. Activity assignments for the need to take special assignments,

experience, and so on, that week. as:

will serve a useful purpose in d. Report on activities for the a. Work with delinquent memthe work to follow. activity record. bers of quorum age, whom

c. Indicate on each list the e. Instructions and demonstrathe boys have not been able

members who will probably tions on Priesthood work. to bring out.

be recommended for promo- f. Social, bishopric as the fraternal, and other b. Such work

activities. tion during the year. those with who may direct

d. Prepare a list of boys about III. Keep the boys active in the ward are over age and probably intwelve years of age or older, and community. active. This work must be

who hold no Priesthood, but a. Opportunity and encourageplanned with great care. The

who will probably be conment should be given the objective will be to make sidered during the year for boys to officiate in. their them active and worthy of

ordination as deacons. Priesthood callings. The promotion.

.

Executive Department General Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. Gen'l Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

George Albert Smith, 47 East South Temple Street Ruth May Fox,

R. Lyman, Richard

Ballard. Melvin J. Gen'l Offices Y. L. M. I. A. ClarissaLucy GrantA. Cannon,Beesley.

Executive Secretary: 33 Bishop's Building Secretary:

Oscar A. Kirkham, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Elsie Hogan

The Annual Contests

officers respective to the the stakes ecutive of all in the season comof may be assigned splendidANOTHER mittees: to music events voice equal Didistrict should the Music have in making us. Its is before contest work

success will depend largely upon the rectors; drama and dancing to the Comarrangements for the contests.

public speakmunity Committee; stake and of details by preparation ing to Gleaner and Correction: Committees; MActivityMen big the Where ward officers. obretold story, selection Junior Committee. in A classin Ladies'is "BeauteousChorus:Morn"The

jective of development of talent, 8. In each district the stake designated and in B class is "Hark, Hark the Lark."

good sportsmanship, kindness, and by a star is asked to take the initiative (These are incorrectly given in the Hand desire for fair play are constantly in calling the stakes together but all exBook Supplement.)

kept in mind, rather than mere winning, this part of our M. I. A. program goes over in a fine way, to the

all. It pleasure ofsatisfaction and Program for Sunday Evening,

as officers to enlist seek is urged that many as possible in the contest Joint Session events. Try to get new people to

participate. should numbers Large lisping to the every American mother Material Suggestions for the Proby and

activities. these benefitedbe by We let prattles in lap; her that it be babe Session. Joint gram of the Monthly

all to enter each encourage ward seminaries, in in schools, in and taught offilet primers, in it in colleges; written obligatory; it beevents, is not but is fact the that In of April 6th view

1 let it be spelling almanacs; books and conditiions lpcal cers study should orthe anniversary the of hundredth in pulpit, proclaimed the preached from discretion. followtheir use Theand it is ganization the Church, thought of jushalls, legislative in courts of enforceding noted: should items be that the bishopric will to arrange want it political the let short, become tice. In

special a theme: program. Linnation."The general religion of the Abraham

1 officers are barred Stake from the J. in President Grant Grant, president parHeber seventh of coln, (quoted by

contests.ticipating in Report, 5.) page Conference 96th Annual the therefore carried will Church, be

2. is, persons Professionals, that whose

major income is derived from a particular over until Sunday, May 4th.

field, are barred from entering a contest in (b) presentation.

that field. General Theme: Heber J. Grant, 5. Life of Heber J. Grant, present-

3. All other enrolled members of the Seventh President of the Church. ed preferably by M. I. A. members

are including ward officers,M. I. A., preparation. ability thorough and 1. Singing, "Come, Come Ye of

their specialeligible within to participate 6. exercises that Other time may Saints."

limitations. age andgroup permit. 2. Invocation. Gleaner for age 4. and Men The M 7. Announcements.

is 3. preferably Music, for Chorus Male SpeakingPublic and a solo, "The session. of next (a) Theme inclusive. Persons have 1723 who City."Holy Miscellaneous. (b) birthdays durtheir orreached 1 7th 24th 4. I. A. Slogan, M. The 8. Singing, Say What Is "O 1, 1, 1929June the year (Juneing

(a) Introduction: Truth."eligible. are1930)

9. Benediction. Ladies'for 5. GleanerJunior Age every "Let every American, lover of

inclusive. is Persons to 16 23Chorus every wellwisher his to posterity,

their or 16th reached havewho the 24th liberty,swear the by of blood revolution never Heber J. Grant

1, 1929the year (Junebirthdays during violate to least in the particular the laws eligible. are 1,June 1930) I. the of country, to never Charactertheir Outstanding tolerate and

6. Where M. I. A. members are workviolation by others. As the patriots of istics:

ing or attending school in wards other '76 did to the support of the Declaration choosethan their own, they may which of so Independence, to the support of the 1. Perseverance and Industry: the contests. in will represent theyward Constitution let laws every and American

be choice should made life,This his at the bepledge sacred his property and his season not changed. of the andginning honor. every to By special request President Grant that Let man remember

7. The stake and ward executive ofviolate the law is to trample on the dictated the following for the advisory

ficers are responsible for the general manblood of his father, and to tear the committee.

agement of all of the contests but the imcharter of his own and his children's libmediate direction of the different events erty. Let reverence for the laws be breathed "One New Year's eve, I wrote on fifty

284 The Improvement Era for February, 1930

dozen cards the year and words 'Happy "My bishop gave me the reputation of Hotel Co., the UtahIdaho Sugar Co.,

laziest in autothe to this the trouble the Thirteenth the being doing took Year!'boy and I was WhileNew others—I

presented the of to were throwtime spending emhours ward, Fargo's and they Exgraph and of Wellsmanager Bank my press business, for whom I was working, ing a ball at his barn when I ought to be ployees in behalf of the board of direccame into the office, and said: 'What are busy doing something for the benefit of my tors. I did not autograph the books for

you doing?'mother. But I was fortunate in having the employees of the Utah Power & Light

"I said, 'I am getting ready for the a mother that realized it was wise to enCo."

harvest tomorrow. Last year I made courage her boy athletically or otherwise,

$20.00 on New Year's day by writing to help him to do something that he had 3. Simplicity and Dignity:

calling cards. Had I had 'Happy New an ambition to do, instead of discouraging

Year'already written on them I am sure I him. She was a General. "One day, as I was walking through the

would have made $25.00; so I am going "Bishop Woolley called at our home streets carrying a quart or two of milk

to be prepared for the harvest tomorrow.'one day when it was raining. We had in a bucket, taking it home from the

"He said, 'My boy, it never rains but pans on the floor to catch the rain as it tithing office, a friend of mine said to me:

that it pours. Here is a check for came through the roof. He said, 'Sister 'Heber, I don't think you are maintain-

$100.00, as a New Year's present for Grant, I shall immediately have a new ing your dignity as an apostle, the presiyou. This is an expression of my appreroof put on this house of yours.'dent of a bank and of other institutions by

ciation of your doing work around here "She said, 'You will do nothing of the walking through the streets carrying a that you are not paid for. You come kind; I have some sewing here and as soon bucket of milk.'

back evenings, if there is any work you as it is done I will get some shingles and "I replied, 'There are some people that can do, and seem to like to work, while mend the roof. There is not going to be spend all their time trying to maintain

the average employee likes to get out of any money from the Fast Day donation their dignity, and there are other people the office.'wasted to put a roof on this old house. that can push a wheelbarrow or carry a

"The next day, in Dwyer's Book Store, This old house will do me until my boy bucket of milk through the streets, and

I sold all of those cards at fifty cents a grows to manhood and builds me another nobody dare step on their dignity. I hope

dozen, and then I had to write 'Happy house.'I am one of the latter kind.'

New Year'on some more; and from ten "He went away and said he was very "On another occasion, when I was made

o'clock in the morning until three o'clock sorry for Widow Grant, that if she waited president of the Tooele stake, this samein the afternoon—five hours—I made for her boy to build a house she would friend was at the meeting. I got up and

$37,50, or an average of $7.50 an hour. never have one. told the people I did not know anything

It was the same pen (Spencerian No. 1 ) "Twentyone days before I was twenabout the duties that devolved upon the

the same ink, the same hand, and the same tyone years old, I married and took my president of a stake, that I had no knowleye that guided the pen, when, in the bride to a home that I had bulit—tearedge regarding them, but that I would do

university, fellow stuaccording to sixroom my Mother's fulfill try to to best friend ing down them. my My old home—a

asdents, if lightning ink look Woo.ley I make: Bishop I invited house. said latei 'Heber, had adobe a misto me you made

struck an inkbottle. to come up and dedicate it and thanked take by giving yourself away. Here you

"I told them I would live to set copies him for his criticism of me which unare making $4,000 or $5,000 a year as for all of them, that I would live to be doubtedly inspired me to build the house a young man, and you tell those people the professor of penmanship and bookquicker than I would have done if he had you don't know anything. You ought to

keeping in the University of Deseret, which not christened me as the laziest boy in keep still and not give it away.'

I did; and that I would live to write the Thirteenth ward.""I said, 'If I tell them I don't know

better than the professor at that time, anything, and they afterwards find out which I did. 2. Goodwill and Generosity: that I have some sense I think it will be

better than for by "I used spending them make me to to make money think "I a that things lot of I don't became baseballs know.'the stitchessewing when "I attended a lecture given in the Utah know

ripped. I could beat any harness maker Hotel by 1 Cory Hanks. Afterwards I

arranged stitches to buy baseballs. in and sewing town his room The went into to II. Some Contributions: copies covers do, of his 2 book or at before thewear out least several hundred

they did when I was a boy. send to friends. I also paid him for the "I announce to all the world that the

at printed the my book of having privilege I I Jesus Christ could of baseball joined club a of Latterday Church "When missionthe to all to send expense is all. I in the Saints very deed at thrown never Church of not God. had throw

I if also of 2,000 there that of are tens thousands like and rocks boys. other and me They them—and ownaries—some addiin copies away give other to wished this the 'sissy', have been given thousands me. of fun who and made Wecalledhad

I I from him that bought those to tion a just as as perabsolutely first nine, knowledge baseball were in and boys which

I so. doing of privilege the have might I fectly I it."as have was. a Orson older half than year and

printing any privilege of the to have was that 12. Conference in Report, page wereF. 97th Annual and Young Whitney M. M.

friends, to to give away my number in compre- "Again age were nine. of boys my own The my

consid- a for granted privilege he is which I absolutely a hension nine, the poor any such and was it manis beyondwho howI say second player, that I had to play in the third nine. eration, and I have been printing them and honest in his dealings with his fellow men

ever since. them away I giving as a thing of such think and a ball to would not I hired throw at me until a boy

to each of the di- a copy "I presented bill store the able his I challenged if he were compromising well that so catch could second nine to stand in a row with me and rectors of the various companies with to pay, would compromise his obligations have the swiftest thrower throw at us, and which I am connected. I said to the viceto God. I can speak upon the payment of

as a fellow missed a ball he had to sit president and general manager of the Utah tithing, because from my childhood every

Inch, 'Mr. would you Co., Light Power S all nine dollar into has the second that has until come I stood up my handsdown.

bill for Hanks'book five dollar take a tithed, I did that in adnot I I have said if been endeavored and then had missed.

propose to play in a club that they conyou could not get another, if it were out dition to be as liberal as any of my assidered the third nine when I could make of print?'sociates have been in contributing for the

the second nine all sit down. "He said, 'I would not.'various public enterprises that have been

sell 'I to would like "I said, a ball erection of ward you 1,500 required throw I would the meantime "In of us—the employees.'for your at a discount copies houses, etc. houses, school Woolat Bishop a board fence across high

consult the said, 'I will and "He smiled mine. Saints to Latterday the lot to to be "I appeal adjoining in the ley's barn

if it and of the company, to president close the is honest and I promise with I could I them Lord come very so that got hitting most any adobe on that barn that agreeable you shall have a check for that peace, prosperity and financial suc-

I wanted to. Many was the night that $750.00.'cess will attend those who are honest with

mother would tie up my arm with wet "I did the same thing with managers of our Heavenly Father, because they are fulrags because it would ache so much from other companies, and sold enough books to filling the law and an obligation, and be throwing, before I could go to sleep. I send Hanks a net profit, according to my will bless them for so doing."

told her I was going to learn to Rlay well recollection, of a little mfc>re than 100th SemiAnnual Conference Report, enough to play in the nine that would $2000.00. Nearly all of the books sold page 4. win the championship of the Territory, to these various companies—like the Utah "The law of financial prosperity to the

never Saints, I have I finally under did; and covenant with which lost his eyes Latterday dauntless TJtahn who lA tithepayer, that be an honest God, is to a I thought and played game since. of dynamite. I in by an explosion youth

would quit while my credit was good. 2Up From the Hills, by Cory Hanks. not to rob the Lord in tithes and offerings.

The Improvement Era for February, 1930 285

Prosperity comes to those who observe the law of tithing; and when I say prosperity I am not thinking of it in terms ofdollars and cents alone, although as a rule FINANCE* PUBLICATIONS

are the Saints Latterdaythe who best COMMITTEE men,tithepayers are the prosperous most financially; but what I count as real prosGeo. Q. Morris and Rachel Grant Taylor, Chairmen; Hugh J. Cannon,

perity, as the one thing of all others that is J. D. Giles, S. A. Stevens, L. W. Smith, E. H. Higgs. E. T. Brandley

of great value to every man and woman living, is the growth in a knowledge of

God, and in a testimony, and in the power to live the Gospel and to inspire our famof Subs. to for subscriptions % of 7 X/2% No.ilies prosperity same. to do the That is

Stakes Quota To Jan. 17 7y2% rather Era has gone so truest the kind. die in THEthe campaignImprovement I wouldof

Quota is testify could familypoverty and quota knowing far the l my beyond ability that, with to the the best of which the that rapidly still lA%so forward moving 115 I his observed me, had endowed hadGod a Panguitch..179 203 it feel be Officers would Mutual

115..214 his Minidoka and kept and 246laws by commandments, its tribute tb the Church splendid on

Gospel, the proclaimed example, hadmy..23 6 115 271 Woodruff good to make Anniversary Hundredth all the world."of to wealththan have the..278 115 Bear 319 Lake in every the Era the slogan have and 10. page Report, Conference th95 Annual

Falls 184 114 162 Twin Saint home. Latterday of breaks Wisthe Word who man "No

114 355 311 Malad of the knowlgain can same amountdom is list stakes the a of Following as the in this intelligence worldedge and 179 114 157 Morgan bequota, the cent of per showing

I care law. don't that obeys whoman 114 Kolob 311 354 population, and total the ing of 7 J/2 his is from, he or comes he where %thewho

113 St. Joseph..43 7 493 in every the of home. Era clear, cannot he as will and be notmind

advance as far and as rapidly and retain Emery 3 77 417 111 his power as much as he would if he 7%% No. of Subs. % of No. Davis..364 403 111

obeyed of Wisdom."Stakes Quota To Jan. 17 7V2% the Word

Quota So. Sevier..219 243 111 Report, page 10. Conference 95th Annual

Box Elder.580 640 110 Thursday home "Upon my return I 250% to 150%: sonin-law from an invitationfound my

to climb Timpanogos the following SatTeton 224 561 250 110% to 100%:

urday, which I did. From the top of that Union 137 340 249

mountain, the view of Wasatch, Utah and Moapa 1 18 286 242 Bannock....180 197 109

Salt Lake counties, the cities therein, and Fremont.. 330 712 216 Idaho Falls 532 578 109

the in country the sections of other 203 Lehi 109 517 256 234 disTaylor -—255

eyes that grandest the tance, is one of my 159 Sanpete 388 109 15 8 251 355 No. Lyman

have ever beheld."Parowan.....292 449 154 Kanab 173 186 108

9 6th SemiAnnual Conference Report, Cassia 120 188 154 Portneuf....236 253 108

page 5. Maricopa....366 544 150 Lost River 88 95 108

Snowflake.225 338 150 Idaho 143 155 108

III. COMMENT: Gunnison - 1 9 8 295 150 Utah 695 749 108

Tooele 322 346 107 As a public speaker President 150% to 125%: Ensign 744 793 107

Grant is strikingly effective. His utAlberta—-299 446 149 Millard......274 288 105

terances have behind them an extraHyrum = 3 66 541 148 Timpanogosl21 2 218 105 ordinary mental awakeness, a soulYellowstone 290 412 142 Pioneer 555 583 105 ful sincerity and an absolute fearlessLogan 455 597 142 Zion Park 183 191 104 ness. His candor almost forbids cauSan Juan 143 202 141 Star Valley 281 293 104

Luis San 159 163 103 140 464 Franklin 332 testifies, the most tion. he When Hollywood 333 103 324 139 136 Raft..98 River thjeir to inability confess skeptical Summit 377 389 102 138 137 99 Curlew behind has knowledge that he doubt Burley 271 272 100 138 407 295 Oneida

the strength and his testimony. But Blackfoot..407 408 100 138....434 597 Pocatello

clearness of his voice, the sincerity Lethbridge..178 242 136

messages of his and truthfulness Shelley......241 325 135 100% to 80%:

of the up but one side 377 131 make effecMontpelier 287 tiveness of his teachings. It is the Big Horn...249 319 128 Bear River 391 389 99

harmony of his works with his Alpine 274 346 126 Young 101 99 98 words, the agreement of his sayings Ogden 696 872 125 Deseret 3 67 359 98

Boise 97 308 298 a gives weight is, that he with what

Cottonwood 5 72 548 96 elo125% to 110%: of greater that than to his words

quence. St. Johns 167 207 124 Carbon 3 70 349 94

144 Wayne 129 90 122 600 493 Weber birthday, his George H. No. 70th On West Jordan 364 327 90 122 324 Sevier 266 Grant: President of Brimhall wrote Tintic 180 88 158 122 710 Benson 585 time, flight the of as "Straight Nebo 351 310 88 122 East 507 Jordan 414 steel, tested as True Mt. Ogden 544 88 477 122....349 424 Palmyra

flash, lightning's as the Sevier Quick No. 200 174 87....383 122 So. 468 Davis

So. Sanpete zeal."of 330 285 86 dynamo A 122 So..3 82 468 Davis

i 1 1 San Fran..246 298 121 Sharon 228 190 83

Nevada 149 124 83 121....306 372 Wasatch traveler, lonely and Salt Lake YOUNG 781 67 83 120 112 93 Juarez the took very ill on homesick, Duchesne 2... 23 186 80 118A 321 Roosevelt 27

herself 'to find train and was grateful 118 St...322 380 George

taken under the care of a fatherly Rigby 397 479 118 Below 80%:

stranger. After reaching the hospital Oquirrh 3 60 426 118

and being made comfortable, she Cache 441 518 117 Weber 538 417 79 learned that the gentleman was Heber Juab 246 290 116 Moroni 205 160 78

J. Grant. His kindness won for the Los Angeles 409 476 116 Uintah:..321 246 77

Church a devoted member. Garfield..... 200 230 115 Liberty 1 111 859 77

286 The Improvement Era for February, 1930 7Y2% No. of Subs. % of

Stakes Quota To Jan. 17 7Ys%

Quota

Granite 874 659 75 E. E. Ericksen, Emily C. Adams, Chairmen; H. C. Iverson, J. H. TayGrant. 1047 781 75 lor, W. O. Robinson, D. Wood, J. F. Smith, J. S. Cornwall, Charlotte

Beaver 253 176 70 Stewart, E. T. Brandley, K. C. Jensen, E. T. Beesley, E. S. Anderson

Blaine 189 120 63

MISSIONS

Canadian 81 118 143 Course of StudyEastern 264 329 124

California 772 950 122 Music choruses, glee clubs, etc., has

No. Western 674 546 81 been published in the Young

Western 483 283 58 (February 4) Woman's Journal and Improvement Era. (See HandNorthern 501 259 50 pages book, 393396.) You I. Objectives, based on the rhythCentral 30 240 769 titles will observe by the urge. mic 30Southern 1 132 341 are these songs of that most for appreciation develop 1. To

East Central 921 181 20 the best in music and song. recreational in spirit, and may

No. Central 180 35 20 2. To encourage ability to probe used for any recreational

duce high class music. event, or Tuesday evening

issue of This is the fourth the new sentiprogram. social strengthen 3. To

For Sunday evening joint its Era. It taken hasImprovement through community ments

place among the leading magazines of singing. session, and quarterly conthe West. In circulation it is among 4. To inspire religious faith and ferences where sacred music

the leaders. In editorial content it has national loyalty. is needed, a list of songs was

for in the Journal published edited best a the placetaken among Problems. II. Local See Feb., 124. page 1926, the the day. everyjournals In of way is program the music 1. What also page 146. Handbook, It set standard. a high has Eranew (See for the I. A.? M.

is the aim of the publishers to conHandbook, page 143, and 4. The Music project for this

tinue the effort to make the Era inHandbook Supplement, page year is An Evening of Music dispensable in every Latterday Saint Appreciation 3D partment.home. How inmanyeach suchDe- 2. Are you prepared to conduct

With this in view, the suggestion is successfully this program? evenings have you had? If

made that every reader make an effort a. Are your music directors you have been successful in

to induce someone else to read the Imand organists appointed? some departments, turn your

provement Era. This means that if If not, why not? attention to others, and try to

you are the head of the family, you b. Have you adequate facilgive them all a glimpse of the

should induce the members of your ities for carrying out this beauty of being able to enjoy family to become regular readers of the program? good music.

Improvement Era. If you are an M. c. If no classroom with Special attention is called to articles

I. A. worker, you should encourage piano for class "sings"is written by Frank Asper and members

the members of your organization to available, can you arrange of the General Music Committee, and read the many excellent articles printed it so that a nearby home published in the Young Woman's each month. It is just as important may be used occasionally Journal:

to have our present subscribers read until more adequate facilthe Era and obtain the benefits from ities are provided? Music Appreciation Journal for Mar.

the material it contains as it is to get d. Can you make a drive for 1928, p. 181.

Schubert Franz Dec. for Journal subscribers.new the providing purpose of

84. p. 1928, Centennial of the better approach in facilities musical The at Journal Aida for Apr. 1927, Home of the makes ChurchAnniversary your work? 212. p.

doubly important many of the articles e. Is your M. I. A. supplied Folk Music Journal for Feb. 1929,

in the Era. In the issues just ahead with the M. I. A. and So- p. 122.

a large proportion of the space will be ciability Song Books? If Program Music Journal for Sept.

devoted to historical matter, and artinot you are missing a 1929, p. 618.

Verdi for Oct. Journal p. 711. 1929, cles the Centennial connected with Angreat unitopportunity of Oct. for Journal Stephen Foster important. will niversary be most You ing the strengthening and 704. p. 1929, enjoying content with be should not loyalty comradeship and Oct. for Songs Journal Old Home

alone, but should the Era Improvement of the the of members 706. p. 1929,

make it your duty and pleasure to enMutual. Can you afford to Bohemian Girl Improvement Era, for

courage as many others as possible to be without these books? Nov. 1929, p. 80.

secure the same benefits. (The M. I. A. songs are

bound in the middle secWhy not make a collection of these tion of the book, with articles and others which you might

Superintendent Brady of the Portindex on the inside of the find and make a booklet labeled "Muneuf stake sends in a check covering front cover. Index for sic Appreciation."It would be a fine

100% Life Memberships for the the rest of the songs are addition to any ward music director's

Arimo ward. (38) Life Members. in the back. You will equipment.

i 1 -f find class songs, and maSee suggestions for a musical TuesSuperintendent Harvey Taylor, of terial for duets, mixed day in the September Journal, page the St. Joseph stake sends the general quartettes and choruses 614, and the October Journal, page

office a check covering 100% of Genfor all occasions.) 695. This gives a list of threepart

eral Fund for his stake. 3. A long list of material for songs for women's voices.

The Improvement Era for February, 1930 287

III. Methods. (How to Achieve avoid overrehearsal of the easy parts, etc. ning will accomplish all of the above.

Objectives.) Only the people should be called to the The fundamental aim to be realized in

or all can rehearsal kept busy most be who 1. the opera orchestras, is Mutual Improvement. bands, Organize

greatly business time. can be Stage the of

etc., the best choruses, with

carefuL of facilitated diagrams making by leadership. available Appreciation scenes, grouping, the various the showing

2. Encourage concerts and etc.

operas. (February 18)

occasionally a. Can you 4. How shall we arrange for cosstudied in be which may An outline in artists bring for such tumes? in project the music connection with events?

3. Induce schools to foster betNote: There can always be found peothe various departments.

ter music and give courses in ple in the community who delight in arthe questions: Discuss following the part costumes. ranging for of This appreciation. music

is expensive, usually the production most 1. appreciation? mean do by What we 4. Stress the Project Evenand it careful greatly be can reduced but by

is 2. difference senthe between What ing Appreciation of Music If thought. a in planning ward wardand sual pleasure appreciation? and every of the department it is M. a established helpvery robe can be 3. appreciate can than more Can we we I. A. year ful year to becomes thing from and

are do? as useful the costumes which more is 4. the relationship between What

are acthe productions for various made ability musical appreciation? music and Opera The cumulated. 5. part of associathe does law What

(February 11) 5. How shall we arrange for tion6. playWhatin aremusicthe meaningsappreciation?of the terms:

An outline which may be studied scenery and lights? Good music, bad music, classical music,

music, music, "jazz"popular modern muin for preparation opera presentaan electricians carpenters Stage Note: and sic, music, "highbrow""lowbrow"tion. full direcbe given should and appointed music? general suggestions, For regarding all requiresettings stage tions and on 7. significance the inventions has Whatorganization, choice etc., see opera, time of given ments. should be ample They the the radio of phonograph with and

available the materials to experiment with I. A. Handbook.M. respect to appreciation? music

results. thereby best obtain the and The 1. shall opera give? What we

possibilities should of the cyclorama be The Common Sense of Music carefully considered in connection with Note: It is a good plan to organize

nonexpensive scenery.a consisting of the committee conductor (February 25)

and be of pianist and could others who assistance, to select a number of operas 6. What about the properties? The book review by Evangeline

carefully, inand over go keeping them Beesley, February Eta, 278, on page approperty be should Note: man local the conditions. usually A Thismind presents material provide which would list a to pointed given complete him. and aaffords pleasant very study. evening of

it discussion. a most interesting Use to properties the All checked out should be the information ofFor sources names on

of operas, etc., see the Handbook and the cast and chorus just as they are needed in the study period of the Community

192930 supplement to the Handbook. and returned promptly when not in use. Activity Committee.

Do not trust the cast or chorus to take 2. How shall we select a cast? careuse them.of their own properties except as they Review

Note: The cast should be appointed 1. Discuss briefly the subjects of

thingswith in mind: two advertising? about 7. What opera, music appreciation and com1st—What

the to the people opera of music. mon sense scheme should be devised Some part; can Note: the taking people can2nd—-Whatcontribute

contribute to the opera. Improvement which is effective in advertising the show 2. Analyze the situation in your

of one's talents and the wholesome activity and securing a crowd. ward and try to discover new possibilof a group are leading objectives in the ities for making music a splendid

opera project. The giving of a good show Systematic, careful, intelligent planmeans of cultural recreation.

for the community is after all the least important aim.

Either of two methods may be employed in selecting a cast: 1st—A selection

a the conductor committee or bymade present of all Color their knowledge based on available methtryout people; 2nd—The seBy Glenn J. Beeley are interested may od whereby all who

it a lect before try part, learn a out and interesting ories: and the Brewster and (a) Newton HARMONIOUS, prethese of committee. methods Each

is vitally theory, color distinctive use of the based red, theory that on anticiif are difficulties sents they but A creative art. blue, in to success are colors, yellow important any and primary successful. either be pated made may

Good designs and good workmanship and green, purple, and orange are sec- 3. What is the most expedient way are rendered ineffective through poor ondary and (b) the YoungHelm-

to conduct rehearsals? color combinations. Neither color, holtzTyndall that the primary colis ors colors are alone violet. red, of the green combination nor and The

the entirely in successful be Note: To difference to exthese art. theories between have form some two must We definite plan a periods, very rehearsal

is is to portray. that the press wish that theory NewtonBrewster which we all anticipate It should be should made.

pleases thing the a particular mixture based that of pigments say and on To conthat thoroughly* so conditions no flicts will occur or no one's time be is not to say that it is artistic. There the YoungHelmholtz-Tyndall on the

wasted. It may be possible to have sevis a right and wrong in color combispectrum. The colors of the Newtoneral rehearsals at the same time in different nations as there is harmony and disBrewster theory are called primary bethe as example, places, for it cause to obtain in music. from them cord chorus—the

It dancers. is not special principals, and all colors. sugother theories being are color theory color isThepossible New

tothe to try to show put thing a good as red, yellow, which blue constantly names gested Some and by educators.

are lines all the until and music gether that three the theory colors every primary has been people adopt new careful be should conductor learned. The

is, practical. in to be result proved the very most Engravers along and comes all that rehearsal time so the to conserve

music is learned equally well. He should cases, very poor. base their work on this theory. By

not let the last act lag. He should also There are, however, two main theusing a series of color niters our mod-

288 The Improvement Era for February, 1930

Yelloware ern photoengravers able to make—purple low—violet; plates printings of which in three Bluegreen—scarlet.green yelGreen—crimson

low, red, and blue give us all the colors f found in nature. Sometimes a fourth The symbolism of color is based onBOOKS plate of black is added to give a picture the early associations of man with certhe gray tone. tain colors, and is as old as life itself.

The theory we are most interested in A few colors and what they supposedly at present is the one worked out by stand for are:

scientists that the primary colors are red, violet. green, and passion, danger; Orange Red—war,

present are having a great harvest, plenty, YelAt autumn, we happiness;

decay, sickness; all in deal Yellowobjects of color of used low—cowardice, Read More

peace; Green decoration. handcraft workers The green—youth, poetry; middle Austria are obEurope and Bluegreen—songcheerfulness, of—victory;

truth; Blueviolet results beautiful taining the—coldness, some from

sentimentalGood Books Blue spirituality,Violet—sadness,—distance; use of color combinations out worked Crimson ity; Purple—royalty, scientists. the by generosity; anbeauty, and Scarlet—bloodriches; piggreen cannot and mix red We sacrifice, ger; winter;

it is posWhite—purity,despair, night. Black—death,

with Reading helps to mentssible toandcombinemake redyellow,rays butof light broaden one's outlook the green and get a brilliant yellow. Good color combinations:

"Nature has given us in our eyes Red and blue; crimson scarlet, green

on life and furnishes three sets of nerves corresponding to and bluegreen; red, orange, yellow, blue,

the colors of the spectrum. One set blueviolet, and violet; red, orange and

that much needed mind of nerves is sensitive to green rays, one yellow; purple, crimson, scarlet and green;

blue, violet; blueblue-green, blue and If violet. violet to red the one and

red purple, violet, blueviolet, crimson set in vibration are green nerves exercise. toand green and yellow orange, orange, yellow

see, violet separately, green not and we bluescarlet, black; green, red green; and

but blue, and if the green and red are violet, violet purple and crimson.

set in vibration we see yellow.

The Spectrum Primaries are: Biology:

Red, green, violet. The Art of Colour, by Michel Jacobs. All the latest books of Applied Art, by Pedro Lemas.

Complementaries are: Fabric Decoration, by Painter's Corp.

Fiction, Travel, BiogRed—blue: Orange—blueviolet; YelColor, by Binney Smith.

raphy, etc., and all of

the Flowers Church TJTARRIET**- said, "FlowersWard areBeecherthe sweetestonce Thesome satisfactionsof the real aresatisfactionthe abilityof life.and

things God ever made and forgot to willingness to do things with our put a soul into."One never knows own hands. We like the idea of a Publications a plant or flower until one grows it person sowing his own seed, transand cares for it from first to last planting the seedlings, setting out his

in all vicissitudes. The satisfaction own rose or lilac bush, handling the

are now availabe at ofits seeingown kindit springof foliageup, grow,and producetake its pruningwell as gatheringshears, pickingthe flowers.the bugs as

our store. place among otther plants, meeting Plants should be a delight at any

the days and the seasons as they pass time of the year. The lilac bush has

is beyond all measure one of life's a lilac character in winter as well as greatest pleasures. spring, and barbary is bafrbary at

The purchased plant in full bloom any season. The seasons are an inis not so close to one's affections, tegral part of life; to one who loves

Make it a habit to read noras one'sis itown.an object to be exhibited personalthe seasons,expressionthe gardenof them.is the best

one good book each To be a real lover of flowers, one The fragile, intimate brotherhood must work. This is very essential with the earth must always have

week. to the real joy of gardening. It was been a powerful bond with men, and

Edgar Guest who wrote, "The man an infinite resource to them, alwho wants a garden fair, with flowthough we catch little of the feeling ers growing herte and the?re, must of it in the literature of ancient times.

bend his back and dig. The things Men must always have responded to

are mighty few on earth that wishes the wild rose, and to the tenderness can attain. Whate'er we want of of the grass. Certainly we know

to to assemble very early began got we've to that men worth, work any Deseret Book their pass blossoms about It matters goal homes gain. and you not what

Flowerls are recognized! as being got to dig, reposes—you'veto week, to get from week

the higher Company seek,results,its secret here on seeds from friend to friend. great roses."things. All among and

occasions increasing specialization the complete. need them to be With 44 East on So. Temple

is scarcely a soul in endeavor, responds all kinds of but we are in There

Salt Lake City danger of lessening the range of our to blossoms, even though he knows usefulness, and I fear, are missing it not. No soul passes a lily in

How theLaSalleProblemMethod Increases Your Salary—How increased ability,

developed through the solving of actual business problems, leads to promotion and a bigger pay check.—A quicker, shorter cut

to the kind of experience that pays big dividends.

fn r"TT/uui mnniU'

No matter what you are making now, you to explain to you the principles by which he are interested in any plan which suggests a solves them. Suppose that one by one you

practical way to increase your earnings—were to work those problems out—returning

within a comparatively short time. There is to him everyday for counsel and assistance

such a plan—it is known as the LaSalle ProbGranted that privilege, surely your adlem Methed—and its practical value is attestvancement would be faster by far—than

ed by thousands of men who have employed that of the man who is compelled to pick it to plus their native aptitude with systematic up experience hitor-miss.

training. Read these typical experiences: Under the LaSalle Problem Method you

hard worked Ass't to Treasurer—"I Clerk From to all pursue, purposes, intents that idenand

of position clerical plenty in a had four yearsfor and plan. solving 'problems. advance by You I tical fitted to accept them. butopportunities, was not

to be hoped done that had something: of havingsaw Only—instead trainingif I ever I never had any had get to ahead. single counsel of a your

enrolled the Higher I LaSalle forcountancy, but individual—at yourthe commandorganized back you have in actheChief—of you fifteen just months course. Today,Accountancy

later, I am Assistant Treasurer of my firm and enjoy experience of the largest business training increase of a 137 per centthe benefits in salary, and institution in authoritative the world, the course."finished I have

specialists, findings of scores of able the Pennsylvania. S. BLESSING,the not PHILIPvet

Business in for Himself—"When Now

in Traffic course Management, thirteenI first businessactual procedurehouses. of the most successful your took

bill Rail- B. clerk the with I O. a was ago, & their to instead progress of Problem blunderspeed fumbling Method and Thus—five last the of a month. salary $55 at For a yearsroad—LaSalle over in 4,000 are of the solving the belong coached when a members Freight successfully Bureau I conducted years have

I serving more through which now of own, am to the LaSalle Club, my ing—youvery face Per Cent Hundred higher in the One problems must you

five years clients. these income During 500 than my positions. their than having step, doubled incomes more out Step them you work by I year. $10,000 than better a owe averagedhas

for until, increase average the reported of at conclusion the my when by training."to LaSalle success mainly yourself—

York. Jr., S. is MOSS, New training, other experisurely thousands the oi 89 per your the cent—have you kind

a Steel General Manager—"For for offer Becomes to willing Worker LaSalle are ence glad unan Problem which and must Method men

roller Carnegie I the assistant of years wasnumber real usually securing of quickly sound the pay money. way feet would Mills. thatSteel Realizing hands andat

that of experience cashed. can kind be brain to give I longer, decided fornot any do my me Salarj'Increasing for Send Plan training. Genbusiness a and Treasurer is It Today I am does. here why; And

Inc., eral Detroit—of Co., C. Manager DuComb W. details of the LaSalle The Problem Method—

like, larger I awith easier that hours, and work often salaryincreasing: will by Learn of the Doing as You spoken plan—

to instrument hasincome. LaSalle been my sent be asking. the for adopt you you the Whether

it privilege Detroit. every your Suppose weresuccess."day H. it in will theBERNDT, not, plan or place RALPH information basic the

is of cost, definite real hands, sit your very without in and to with the Just of conference Bigger ''Before Opportunity a Always your Ahead—head

it's first I LaSalle, with I got course FREE. And—completed had my firm. lay value. to every day he Suppose were

Sales for as looking Manager. been chancethe the Balance it takes that two minutes in systematic before order various the you it opportunity one though as Since that seems timeI had the rewards coupon against

is to solve, he compelled problems could fast were and as another, as make followed has clip then the mail coupon and thecareer—of aNOW.successfulto fill out

I head company. myself ready, and justnow ownI am ofmy

Incidentally my income has beenincreased more than 500 per cent."E. T. ORCUTT, New Jersey.

of in the United thousands men When University Extension LaSalle (not to mention manyStates INSTITUTION * Canada and BUSINESS TRAINING THE WORLD'S LARGEST hundreds in England, Australia, China andother foreign countries) choose the LaSalle -—————Find Yourself Through LaSalle- "/*r

UNIVERSITY, EXTENSION CHICAGO LA SALLE Dept. 2352-R.,

plan, together of the LaSalle training I would an outline welcome with V-, If You Are Thinking a copy of Ten Years'Promotion in One,"all without obligation. t

Business Management: Managerial, or Stenography LL. B. About fj Law: Degree. / Sales positions. Executive and Industrial Management Secretarial Work—Higher Auditor, Accountancy: ] Foremanship Modern Certified Public Comptroller. rapidly, Acto start right and advance If you want

to better preferred the way [I] Expert Bookkeeping t HI Finance Banking and investigateshorthand"—theposition. Stenotypy, "the machine way in countant, Cost Accountant, etc. fj Personnel Management C. P. A. Coaching for Advanced fj Telegraphy the ability to personal Stenotypy your adds Accountants.

Credit Collection and Easy ease accuracy, of the fj speed machine. and Salesmanship Modern O Correspondence to learn, write easy read. to easy and You

Traffic Management—Foreign start that advantage and with an d and ll Accounting Railway Domestic. faster, better increases. advantage—toStenotvpe means The Salesman's Paper Training better better pay. work, Station work The Railway means and Management

Stenotypists supply. the exceeds for demand 2 Business English Business Effective Speaking Correspondence ]

trial free for lesson to us a Send coupon at ll\2 Stenography:Modern Commercial Commercial for yourself school. See Stenotype nearest Law Q in the new J Stenotypy. machine shorthand—Training Spanish xree! opportuniunusual Stenotype the opens thehow

mail ties for you.

coupon Mama Present Position Address now 290 The Improvement Era for February, 1930

bloom, an apple orchard in the the breath of winds, the flow of spring, a clover field swept in red, streams, the appeal of flowers are so

Utanut and orflectionsa goodofgarden,it entersbut histhatmindsome andrerealto losewe them;are likelybut totheforgetflowersthemexcelor

lodges itself in some corner of the them in the ease and completeness

Vitanut brain.agine a flowerlessIt would world.be difficult to imwithpersonalwhichneedsweandmayincorporateadapt themthemto

There is much speculation as to into a process of life. Real utilizawhy flowers ever came into the tion of leisure time is to have reflower necessity world, fulsources one they where and what lives—and Utah's Health Nut resource. are free facts gardening us to accept Let is one fill. But we

Margarines mustand flowersbe somethingare facts.moreI thinkthan theremere theyplant maymoregrowflowerfcmore.andwonderfuleach yearand

utility to the plan that brought blossom a little longer, and as the are ideal as spreads for blossoms into the world. But whysummer winds blow down their delibread, hot rolls and muf- j everand theythey came,are partsthey inarethejoyfuljourneythings,of andcate throughfragrancjethe fromvalleysthewe mountainsare happy

fins. They are the finest, life. because of flowers.

most healthful shortenings. To know a flower well, and to

full in This given Note: was it well are than botany grow more talk over Lloyd by Mrs. Norman asK Sa Lradioon

or gardening. birds, 25. Buy them and build Utah Sept. of songs Sunday, the Hour, Mutual The

Home Industry

Your grocer will supply you, or call the factory Adult Department direct. COMMITTEE

Deseret Foods A.L. T.L. CannonBeeley; L.LucyL. DainesW. Smith,R. W.ChairmenBennett M.J. C.F. KimballMerrill A.F.M.S. CannonHarris

Corporation

Drive Highland 2246 How One Group Does It City, Utah Salt Lake

HT AYLORSVILLE ward, Cottonare the M. I. A. leaders while Brig-

-L wood stake, which did such fine ham Haslam heads the Genealogical work last year is again to the front. work.

On Dec. 17 a delightful Christmas

social was held. During the first

period, the Priesthood and the

Women's sections met as usual but the combined groups met together Calendar for February HUGHES for the second period in the recreahall Women's Division been had made attracwhich chairs rugs, rocking of means SHOP tiontive by 50 E. Broadway, and decorations. Musical selections, Feb. 4th—Notable Mothers of

Salt Lake City sentiments, stories, talks and group Scripture Asenath (Adult Women's singing all on Christmas theme were Manual.) There is nothing presented, so that everyone partook Feb. 11—Life Abundant—The

spirit. Prevention Mental and of Nervous Refreshments the Yuletide entirely of More

Diseases, Part 1 (Adult Women's seirvedl hundred one Ajbout wefe Feminine

Than and fifty were present. Manual.) This group does not neglect the Feb. 18—The Home Social and

Hughes regularonce eachlessonsmonthoreitherthe aproject,social orbuta Intellectual(Lesson 26, AtmosphereGleaner Manual.)of the HomeThese

be from borrowed Manuals may Genealogical is given. musicale The

the in Gleaner leaders wards or may New Spring wholesouled a in class cooperates

Frocks mannerthese socialin bothevents,the withprojectthe andresultin bePrice,purchased20c. from the General office.

is Feb. united and entire that the adult group 25—Society

- prevails. spirit Culture Personality enthusiastic fine Patterns and and a Igso Edgar Lindsay and Nellie Bennion (Adult Women's Manual.) Personality

mate-—newAll that is new for Spring styles—new

colors. You rials—new

see them. to will want

"Where Values Are Greatest and

Styles Are Latest"All ('-K-** HPlot. R*T.l.ON THEQUALIFIESNEWESTYOUDEVELOPMENTSTO MAKE MONEYIN ANDRADIO.ITSTELEVISION,SERVICE KEEPSANDYOUTALKINGUPTO-THEMINUTEPICTURES 'Yft** rgi*W

TRAINEDyour salary—is offered to you now. Radio Big Money quick—the chance Jo more than double

has leaped from the experimental stage to a gigantic industry, employing many, many thousands and loudly calling for More Trained Men to fill the BigPay jobs.

Talking Pictures have taken the larger cities by storm and will sweep the entire country, opening up many new good jobs everywhere. Television now comes with even greater

promise of a large number of good paying j obs and big profits for those who are prepared.

Big Money Now! More to Come

field new employment—BigMoney

easily of right time in spareJobs—$2500 up, and money made of profitablenow—lots

this for industry as more more and and Here—$3500—$5000increasingis an entirelypay you new money

grows bigger and bigger. LetAdvisoryF. H. Serine!!Board Helpand R.T.I.You

Schnell, of Mr. Chief T.. I. the R.

is one the and This the Into Call—Get Answer radio in ablestAmerica. knownStaff, besthas menof He

years of twenty experience. Radio Industry MoneyMaking Now! establish to two way amateur "3 1"communicationFirst in Europe. Training with in Television Radio, famous Former The "R.T.I."Home

of Manager American Radio it for Pictures easy to Talking boys men, and makes and youngmen League. RelayTraffic Lieutenant Commander

of the U.S. Inventor R. N. designer and is field practical training I. quickly. this into get T. R. new home of Radio apparatus. Consultant Engitrains It easy understand. the to at hands large and your head and neer to manufacturers. Radio

is Assisting I. T. him the R. Advisory are opportunities for time. un- -making same Your money Board, of composed prominent In men difference. education, age, limited. of experience or Your amount no make the Radio Industry. as* willing interested If ambitious succeed. to are and you you Are can you tsAS&'ieSP <SBfl&*- little all spare start time is use quickly a at to home? need That you

making money with R. T. I. material and home training.You will be

ready for a good job or profitable business of your own, even before you finish the training. Remember you learn athomein your spare

time on actual equipment included in fine, bigoutfitssent youby

R.T.I. R.T.I, with all its connections in the industry, keeps

you upto-date and pushing forward all the time.

R. T. I. Wonderful Free Book

Nothing Like It Ever Published

No one can fully realize the amazing size and future growth of theRadio, Television, andTalking Picture industries unless they know all thefacts revealed in this T.I. book. R.

plain truth the isNoastounding.exaggerationIt willis necessaryopen your

eyes to thedawn of the greatestdevelopmentin history the of vastnumber of theworld—the Is Engineer Radio Now Through new moneymaking jobs—enormousspare- I. R. T. Training of time reach amclass profits—allwithineasy I able to myself Today as Radio a am bitious men. copy before Send for your leaders, Is along Engineer this the with and

this edition 1. is exhausted. to of able the help been allto due T. have R.

efficiently handle radio every with 1problem which Big R.T. Last I. Book Free—WhileThey in I cannot contact. In Ihave say too much ofcome praise to improve R.T.L.andanyman

find can himself out nothing desiringthan better do what this has started to get and with Sattehfield,offer, Chief Radio E. institutiontraining.—II. Engineer,their Amarlllo, Express, Texas. Air Western

TELEVISION RADIO INSTITUTE & Dept. 4806 Ct., Chicago 2 1 2 St. Anthony

RADIO & TELEVISION INSTITUTE Dept. 212, 4806 St. Anthony Court, Chicago

Send me Free and prepaid your BIG BOOK "Tune In On Big Pay"and full details of your threein-one Home Training (without obligating me in any way).

STEP UP ice, Manufacturing, QUICK TO A BIGRepairing,MONEYShipJOBand THROUGHStation Operating,R. T.Installing,I. traininginInbusinessBroadcasting,for yourself.Sales, ServName

Address..- A PROFITABLE OR FOR A GOOD* JOB AT HOME YOU TRAINS W R. T.I. OWN YOUR BUSINESS OF TIME FULL TIME OR PARTjtC-*E rw*X JL City State

292 The Improvement Era for February, 1930

- Gleaners Department Men BANKING M COMMITTEE

Combined M Men and Gleaners Committees SERVICE

In the long run, bank accounts are best handled by that institution which provides the Banquets best facilities and which makes banking the most convenient. this time there is considerable the harmony of the color scheme. The

tables set Place were seventy people. for AT and both by Men comment M steadilyinstitution has This cards the seating possible without made banquets. their concerning Gleaners

its a getclientele as confusion, party providincreased the and was by conjointly; are holding them Some girl alter- a acquainted one and were boy service flawless ing and banking affairs, separate holding are others officers stake bishopric nated with and and

all extending to its depositors by optional. There being matter the glass a board. person's each napkin By

the courtesies identified with the has been one idea which has been and program were placed. The program

spirit of better business. very successful in making these bancontained the songs to be sung by the

quets more enjoyable. This plan is group, and jokes giving insight into the M Men and to run a newspaper which will be officers.lives of some of the Gleaners, Utah Savings issued the day of the banquet. The

better meal, a delicious After by made it follows: is as to handle method

ball, toasts besongs, the lovely came and editorin-chief a stake First, have the waltz"ginning to more with "broom appointbusiness manager stake a 8 Trust Co* andbest ball very the couples. was acquaint The

the each ward in have ed. Then successful and the evening ended with 235 South Main

editor. This prayer. appoint stake a ward

Salt Lake City, Utah individual is responsible for getting This affair was the biggest success as share their did here. and All yet over put the to the ward all items about news

all they to willing do than were more wtill put them editorin-chief Accounts—Savings who

along. cause Everybody the help to could adand paper. the names into The CheckingTrusts—Investments—Safe that the work in proving harmony worked

can Gleaners or dresses of Men into Deposit—Abstracts really being put over and all M is going

Member Federal Reserve System be put into the paper and a very actual use.

satisfactory roster for the stake thus By Gertrude Viehtoeg.

formulated. Many ideas may be incorporated in the paper to make it interesting and humorous. Just turn Contests for M Men and

this matter over to the young people Gleaners and they will develop a good sheet.

Each ward should also have a The activities for the springtime business manager who will solicit in M. I. A. take the form of contests,

for this the time in extent, and in his and advertising to a great ward Cleaning & Dqeing Ca j is at selfclose least this into will getting be at work way the paper

I sustaining. In one instance, where hand. The majority of contestants

Every article which leaves it has been tried out, a small fund in various events are naturally of M these groups age, to defray the exand MenGleaner has accumulated our shop is not only cleaned the considering be already of the banquet. penses should

and refreshed but also guarIn case there are no facilities to events for this year, and making deanteed free from objectionprint such a paper, it can be made cisions as to which ones they wish able odor of all cleaning maItup isonfurthera mimeographrecommendedor typewriter.that short to Someenter. lines of contest are restricted

terials. articles from prominent men in the to M Men and Gleaners, while others

stake be incorporated, and it has are open to all members of the M. I.

been proven that with a little thought A., and in both kinds the older boys

Mail orders handled carefully in this matter, considerable interest and girls will wish to participate.

will be added to the banquets. Events:

and promptly Public Speaking, on the subject of the preserstand for the Slogan "We Report of Clifton M Menobe- heritage through vation of our

Salt Gleaner Banquet and Ball dience to law,"is open to M Men and

Lake's only. Gleaners

beautiful and more dining Master room is A for Men. Chorus Male M leaves beheld. never Autumn was homey Cleaners is for and Gleaner Ladies'Chorus

and introdecorations wall the furnished

Girls. Junior colors. of fall color scheme the and duced Two

Dyers long tables graced the hall and were laid Drama, dancing, double mixed with beautiful white linen, and each table quartette, Instrumental trio and orall, the to gorgeous are drama art the but chestra open of by a work made was Call Hy. 65 zinnias dahlias and piarticularly are contests dance and flowers—asters,

tathe for centerpieces the formed which Gleaners. to interesting and Men M was scheme color the flowers bles. the Second 444 East South St. these events, and Details concerning

and white, yellow, very prominent—red,In of 1319 others, will be found on colgreen and purple, brown leaves—fall the Supplement. Handbook tan of a border all. cups with nut ors Red

were placed by each plate further aiding It is suggested that the different

The Improvement Era for February, 1930 293 steps of the Contest dance—the Goldand Green Caprice—be learned and

used widely during the rest of the season. The foxtrot and waltzsteps are new and interesting, and J DOCTORS WILL TELL

much of charm and beauty can be social intointroduced dancing if such j YOU are well.steps as these danced

i i especially interesting events Two j j Physicians are agreed that constipation...is at theare the Playwriting contest and

Song writing contest. The first ofthe root of most digestive disturbances, and is

fers prizes of $100 and $50; the

other a first prize of $50. The the cause of pimples, boils and other skin

date for the close of the playwriting troubles.

contest has been postponed to March 1st, 1930, and therefore gives every j Fleischmann's Yeastfor-Health relieves j pet to get that idea onone time paconstipation and its attendant ills.

per, form in drama out and worked in time. Oneact plays are preferred. Ask your grocer for Yeastfor-Health. His

Get the spirit of the contest activities. Resolve to make your stake j stock is always fresh j

Church winner at the grand finals next June!

j I FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST Union Meetings j At all Grocers'j—6..,—, <,.,,,. J The M MenGleaner program will I prove more interesting and easy if a

flew minutes during qach monthly

Union meeting could be devoted to a joint discussion of questions and iproblems pertaining to it. Cononder Bread

sideration of the procedure for the ITS SLOBAKED regular Tuesday evening meetings for the following month, activities conMADE OF FINE INGREDIENTS ideas project all mighttemplated, discussion with and a shortcome in for benefit. of comappointment The of RICHER IN MILK take care of all detailsmittees to

M MenGleaner work would assistmaterially in smoothing the way and IT'S SLOW BAKED!

increasing interest in these joint matters. | TO BRING OUT THE GOODNESS

| OF IT ALL.

Course of Study (For March 4) \ Western Chocolate

Music Appreciation is the subject for Western Schools at thefor consideration Menjoint M the Most school cafeterias in the West serve hot session in In March.Gleaner

February Era a review of Sigmund chocolate, made with Ghirardeili's Ground

Spaeth's book "Common Sense in Chocolate. Managers and principals know

is this is given, to be andMusic"that that means clearer heads in the afternoon discussion the basis as a forused by group. A few members could be periods, and a better health average during

assigned parts of the review to study trying months.A tin of Ghirardeili's Ground

the rebe givenahead; might or one Chocolate in the cafeteria is a pretty good

of; insponsibility the rest leading

discusison. The evening has possirecommendation for the management of the

bilities of being one of the really school. "SweetFREE... Sixteen".Write for

valuable ones of the season. Correspondence from principals, parents, teachRecipeD. GHirardelliCo.,Packet No. 2,

ers, and cafeteria managers is invited. D. Ghirar914San NorthFrancisco,PointCalif.St.,

delli Co., 914 North Point St., San Francisco.

high motives, ideals, concepALL are tions in a and sentiments man GHIRARD EILI'S accountof not if they do no comeforward to strengthen him for the betCHOCOLATE ter discharge of the duties which deSay "Gearar-delly"in thevolve ordinary affairs upon him

J 26 life. Beecher.of Henry Ward

294 The Improvement Era for February, 1930

NEWEST Gleaner Girls Department

COMMITTEE STYLES Emily H. Higgs, Chairman

Grace C. Nelsen Rachel G. Taylor Martha G. Smith

Wedding Sheaf and Project Physical Urge.

Announcements For 192930 the Gleaner sheaf is Simplesleighing,indoorskating,stuntsswimming,and games;skiing,.

combined with the Gleaner-M Men etc.

Project: I will contribute to the Rhythmic Urge. and honor and happiness of my home. Music, dancing, choruses, glee

Girls can be binding this sheaf the clubs and similar activities.

whole day long, for even a lovely Invitations thought of home contributes to its Dramatic Urge.

happiness. The sheafproject is a Writing, preparation and presen-

X V personal thing, and should be the tation of pageants, plays and tabPrinted means of developing the beautiful leaus.

Social Urge. Process Embossed personalitygreatest charms.which Ais onelove ofofa homegirl's

Or andcontributea determinationto its happiness;to honoris andone andHomeplannedparties,in class.previously discussed

Engraved fairly dependable assurance of a Linguistic Urge.

X happy and useful future for any Storytelling, public speaking,, girl, for the kind of love and conbook reviews, etc.

to her girlhood she gives Mail Orders Given Special sideration great in measure Environment Urge. home determines

Attention the type of home she will make for Members of class, or invited'someone else, some day. speaker, who has travelled, tell of

interesting features of trip.

1 / i Constructive Urge.

Mission Outlines for Gleaner Creative areas, needlecraft, etc.,

Ask for Samples and Work demonstrated under direction of ableleader.

Prices Basel, has Switzerland, From this, General feels that The Committee the Gleaner plan of an outline come in. outline in great value be of full would

t -f -f prepared for use in the mission, and all missions where there is need for a to state that it is excellent is to put group older than the BeeHive Girls. ThePrompt Service preparationit mildly. Thoseare toinstrumentalbe commendedin its questingoffice willthem.mail copies to missions remost highly, and no doubt can exist

that the Gleaner program in the Gleaner Calendar for March

SwissGerman Mission will be carThe DESERET ried thoroughness out with increased 1st period: Lesson. 2nd 4—

Gleaners. of the helpriod: because Music. (Page Menand intelligence Mar. M NEWS PRESS ful suggestions put forth. 278, February Era.) peperiod: Lesson. Mar. 11—-1st 2nd gathered from was period: Question Box. Richards 29 I. L. A. Street various M. Lesson. 1st period: Mar. 2nd The materialsources—Y. 18—the of volumes back Handbook, songs, preparMusic. period: of Singing Salt Lake City

Young Woman's Journal, Gleaner ation for contests, etc.

recreational publicourses of study, 1st period: Lesson. 2nd. Mar.

period: 25—Optional. the history cations etc., and presents

use, its purpose, work, of Gleaner orpin, BE INDEPENDENT model, and meaning, name

No Other Vocation So Profitable ganization, constitution and bylaws,

ENROLL NOW a with each morning awaken duties of officers, sheaves and sheafHPO Course For a Complete at the binding. to -*- smile brightening my face;

Some of the suggested lines of greet the day with reverence for the

Quish School of Beauty Culture study are: Home, Literature, Courtopportunities it contains; to approach

The Best in the West ship, Art, Music, Nature, Ethics, Somy work with a clear mind; to hold

304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. cial Conduct, Personal Grooming, ever before me, even in the doing of

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Public Speaking, and in the field of little things, the ultimate purpose toFor Further Information religion, The Divinity of Jesus of ward which I am working; to meet

and Catalog Call Nazareth, The Acts of the Apostles, men and women with laughter on my

Wasatch 7560 01 The Apostasy, The Restoration, The lips and love in my heart; to be genFill in This Everlasting Covenant and Latterday tle, kind and courteous through all the

Coupon Saint Ideal of Home and Home Life. hours; to approach the night with

For the activity periods, suggesweariness that ever woos sleep, and tions are offered in various lines, the joy that comes from work well guided by the seVen human urges done—this is how I desire to waste

recognized by Psychologists: wisely my days. Thomas Dreier.

The Improvement Era for February, 1930 295

ered the exquisite joy of watching living things develop and blossom.

It is not too early to begin to think

COMMITTEE about Spring plans for gardens. PerMay Booth Talmage, Chairman Laura P. Nicholson haps a flowershow scheduled for late

Agnes S. Knowlton Julia S. Baxter Marie C. Thomas Summer might stimulate interest. Such

a show held in connection with the quarterly conference of the stake would add a touch of joy and beauty

Junior Girls'Calendar for Flower Suggestions readily felt by the girls and all who

March see their flowers.

Girls'flowerraising Junior The little is a Era) (Feb. page 288 On

1st period: Lesson Mar. 22, project its value in has proven many in 4—if discussed which article on flowers (Junior Motherhood. andHomemaking the past during or ways two to many impart doubtless three class wouldoutline, Journal, 6; p. Woman's Young

Feb.,tization—-Book—Retold1929, p. 139.) 2nd Story.period: Dramayears.tiful, sickChapelspeoplehavehavebeen foundmade beautheir Juniorto startgirlsearlya desireand raiseand determinationsome flowers

Mar. 11—1st period: Lesson 23, Eshearts warming, and girls have discovthis year.

sential Characteristics of Ideal Homemaker. The Man. (Jun. outline, p. 7;

Journal, Feb., 1929, p. 143.) 2nd period: Question Box.

Es24, Lesson Mar.

Ideal 18—1st period:of Characteristicssential Homemaker: The Woman. (Jun. outline,p. 8; Journal tor March, 1929, p. 212.) NewClasses EveryWeek

2nd period: Travelogue.

25, Lesson 1st period: Mar. 25—

(Jun. outIdealEssentials Home. of an

line, p 8; Journal for March, 1929, p.

216.) 2nd period: Music, dancing, etc.

The dearest The fairest The loveliest and the best To her, I dedicate this verse Whose charms eclipse the rest. In

loving you, dear lady, no merit is implied, To see you is to love you, and idolize, beside; I'm only one

of many, no special gift is mine

To capture heart and fancy of one so near divine. But are

they all so constant? Mayhap my happy part Be

this to hold far longer SCHOOL PARTY AT CHAMBER OF COMMERCE your image in my heart I Our classes are so arranged that new students—Estelle Webb Thomas. mayrapidlyenrollas theirany applicationtime and progressand abilityjustwillas

permit. A good position for every graduate

—-none out of employment

Call, write or phone for information.

Visitors Welcome.

Henagers Business College J. C. HENAGER—D. B. MOENCH

45 E. Broadway Was. 2753

Best Equipped School in InterMountain Territory

H)-(l-iH1{}-iJ CTTM >-1M!l*[Hgl)awHHmil—ll4()H)0[)[H{)M0n<[l< ()()0

296 The Improvement Era for February, 1930

The Ideal

Folding VanguardsScouts Department

Chair COMMITTEE For GermanGeo. R. Hill;E. EllsworthChas. R. Mabey,LeRoiChairmenC. Snow ErnestNicholasP. G.HorsleySmith

Home, Church, A N interesting little publication the hundred. The letter that gained

School ** prepared by the boys of this dethe prize was as follows;

partment has much to indicate the fact "I am only a boy, and boys'opinthat Troop 4 of Logan is wide awake. ions are not respected by most grownThe paper is called the Vanguardups; but we have them, just the same.

Scout. "The paragraph which helps me the

This Chair Has Been Chosen by Excerpts follow: most is the Boy Scout Oath, as folthe Largest Users in the State. lows:

Chosen For Scouts Have Successful Hike "On mv honor, I will do my best:

The hike taken Saturday by the Old "1. To do my duty to God and my

Lincoln Ward Ephraimwas a greatandsuccess.RunningThe DeerPatrolPatrolsLeadcountry,"2. Toandhelpto obeyotherthe peopleScout Law.at all

The New Granite Stake House ers left early in the morning and set a times.

trail for the others who came later to "3. To keep myself physically

The Salt Lake City Schools follow. Every fence between here and strong, mentally awakt and morally

the river was crossed at least once, we straight."

Granite School District are not saying how much pants maleft barbs. on the was Jordan School District terial

trail laid was in such a way Vanguard Insignia The their to the that Scouts had know arrowhead is typical The of the Init. tracking to tracks follow The led, dian and carries with love of it the

in a roundabout way, to the river conquest and adventure; it is of the

which was the destination. While the outof-doors and was made and used

Patrol Leaders cooked Hunter's Stew by a race of people that knew the lanBaxter, and Scouts "Twist,"Ben Von guage of nature because they lived withPEMBROKE'S Billy Baxter, Baugh, Hawkes, Fay her. is upturned The arrowhead

24 E. Broadway Lloyd McDonald and Delwyn Thomas emblem of peace and good will, ana

passed their fire building test. The token of confidence used often by the

remainder of the time was spent in Indians to express welcome to the early skating and playing hockey. Vanguards of civilization.

i Better Meals | Acceptance WITH THIS I You Need a Lid—Buy a Scout

The Scouts of Troop 4 accept with Hat invitation of the pleasure the Van-j BETTER | publication to join guards them in the BREAD of their paper which will now be called beenRoldoaffectedDutson'swith tonsils"litus."have recently

the Vanguard Scout. We will do anything we can for the progress of the LOCALS

paper.

First Aid Needed: CARLISLE, (Signed) THAIN

S'cout Carlisle's Thain dog, brown Pond. Vaughn seems "Mutt,"to be "hitting three."on Leaders) (Patrol

It is in its in misery present condition;

his onions Santa Claus knew when can't either it give first we aid some he left Scout Billy Baugh a wheelbarfinish the job? or

Baked with an extra measure row.

of those ingredients which make for a finer flavor, Long Royal THE VANGUARDSCOUT IS YOU GOTTA WEAR PANTS bread makes a good meal better. PUBLISHED BY THE VANBuy SCOUT Pants

its convenient And, GUARDS AND SCOUTS Sheep Wayward OF A slices per loaf. you more 4, LOGAN, UTAH. shape gives TROOP time Some ago, a sheep belonging to

Fresh Every Day At Your Scout Earl England took a short vacaGrocer's Staff tion. Earl canvassed the ward with a

flashlight on the evening of its escape

ROYAL BAKING COMPANY scoutmaster Peter A. C. Peders?n but after a twoday search, it came back

30 West Broadway, Editor Eugene Gardner of its own accord. There must not have

Salt Lake City Cartoonist—.Adrian Morrell been a better master in town.

Scout Patrol Leaders Thain Carlisle, Vaughan Pond YOU GOTTA HAVE A SHIR'l

Buy a SCOUT Shirt LONG Day in and Day Out

Realistic Decoration:

foi offered a prize Boston paper A Scout a did Grant Foster such good ROYAL greatthat the given the paragraph had tree that job at decorating his Christmas

I Better bread... Better bakfd est help. inspiration little Lines and from his brother, the of one Wayne, took

Ki r0t]*M-r>-a s-n- mwm i ii-m*K>-a Tennyson and others were sent in by ornaments for an apple and tried to eat it.

The Improvement Era for February, 1930 297

YOU GOTTA HAVE SOX Buy SCOUT Sox An Honest Thief:

Scout Clyde Carlisle has just put oneover on the stamp companies by sending LATTERDAY SAINT GARMENTS sheets,for approval taking the "tempter"Save Agent's which in each was a few hundred stamps Commission—Buyindividual to order, Made DirectOLDfromor NEWOur ModernStyle. Factory

case and sending the approvals back. It Samples submitted on reouest.

seems to be working fine as he has acquired quite a collection by that method. For LADIES For MEN

No. No...$.95 Light..... $1.25 12 Med. 81 Flat Ribbed Weave SINCE GOTTA YOU WEAR

... 1.50 Fine. 93 Extra Ribbed 1.25 Weight. Light Ribbed S2 CLOTHES

1.50. Cotton Med. 1C Heavy 1.50 Fine 83 Cotton Quality it a Make UNIFORM

Q,ual..... 1.75. 925 Med. Wt. Extra Lisle... 1.95 862 Mercerized Fine

Unbleached 974 Med. Heavy 822 1.50 Silk Stripe, Med. Wt.. HOUSE MEETING THE NEW Cotton

is Bishop not making The any prom821. 1.95 Silk Stripe. Fine Extra 975 Wt. Cotton 1.951.75 Med. Heavy

ises 2.50 that, so "It 930 happen"but might when Rayon NonRun Silk 870 Stripe, 2.50 Part Wool..

2.25 Cot. Coarse Extra Hvy. 90 is finished, Scoutsthe building the. whole 829 1.95 Rayon 2.50 StripeMed. Light 970 upget thewill west. on the two rooms 820 Super Quality Rayon... 2.75... 3.75 Mix. 9107 CottonSilk: and Wool

stairs. These are the two best rooms in

to specify or Be SURE light arc Style, weights as OLD NEW"as they purposethe building for our are usually short with made sleeve legs, the heavy threequarter and of games all kinds forplenty large enough weights are regularly with legs. made sleeves long long and

and they are far enough away from the Itn ordering, to insure good lit, give bust measure, height and main hall that the Mutual President will weight. We prepay postage to all parts of United States.

not have to pay us a visit every five min- Q,uallty Highest—Prices Lowest

utes.

We will probably be allowed to lock at off the rest least of these rooms from one in danger be the not buildingof and of SALT70 Main Street,LAKESalt Lake CityKNITTINGOldest KnittingSTOREStore in Utah having all our things wrecked by the primary children every time that primary is held.

During the late fall, the plans for the remodeling of the old meeting house have has taken completed.been The building Building BURNS the When YOUR of whichapproximately $14,000,

the of paid $7,000. Most hasChurch a certain asThere's of comfort amount fire destroy should your building to> know that been the have in ward putsessments by

tonight that are covered insurance will indemnify Such by fire insurance. you you savings original the of nonepaid in work,

of the ward having been used. for the loss incurred and allow you to rebuild without financial hardship. It's worth

Plans are being made to have a social a good deal to have this protection in these times.

in the newlyfinished house on the evening of December 3 1. This will be the first See our agent in your town

gathering held in the hall for some time, it is expected that most of the ward members will come. Scout Executive Pond

games. the of in charge will be Fire Insurance Co* Utah Home erected next will be building new A

General Agents are S CO., HEBER J. GRANT Vanguards Scouts and Allsummer.

urged to put in as much time on it as they 20 So. Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah

possibly can.

AN EYE FOR BUSINESS Scout Adrian Morrell has just showed putting in reasoning busines goodsome ASSIST CAN YOU both that It deal. seems a rabbit over In the DEVELOPMENT COMMUNITY of YOUR a Adrian rabbit. owned Wendell he and

sold his for the worthy price of 5c, Wenby Patronizing your LOCAL DEALER dell held out for a better price and in the that died. hope rabbit his holding, We REMEMBER—

take will Wendell old enough, he is when to Your HOME MERCHANT is a Convenience as well as a able be and training Vanguard some compete with his brother on business Necessity.

deals You can See and Inspect your Purchases from Him and Receive his GUARANTEE of SATISFACTION.

Leadership He Contributes Largely to the Support of Local Churches, Schools,

Colleges, Charitable and Public Institutions.

The breezy, boyish style of the excerpts above, taken from the little paMONEY—

per published by the boys of Troop 4, Which you send to Distant Points for Supplies NEVER of friendlicarries the spirit at Logan, RETURNS to BENEFIT YOU or YOUR HOME TOWN.

all characterize should ness which

ScoutVanguard groups, and which is easily developed under sympathetic, careful leadership. understanding A irhe$aIfLafce

to 300 on pages of the material study

I. will AcflardwarcCo. the Handbook A. of 305 M. Pocatello, Idaho Salt City, Utah Lake better to understand leaders help new

Boise, Idaho Wholesale Exclusively Colorado Junction, Grand adolescent the of young problems the boy.

298 The Improvement Era for February, 1930

Bee Hive Girls Department COMMITTEE Catherine Folsom, Chairman Elsie Hogan Sarah R. Cannon Vida F. Clawson

TromboneKW Project: I Will Put my Best Effort into Everything I Do

the tell us that sweet and clean the rooms in 7—Makingwhich the family gathers. learned,Beginners and Professional PSYCHOLOGISTS* thing we have thoroughly

with the housekeeping to entirely forget. For exwe never 8-—Helping

it easier for to make mother if aPlayers find that KING ample, girl were (cells 129, 153, to commitinstruments meet the rememory the ten commandments, beati178, 194-5, 201, 20412, 21617).

that etc., tudes, articles that the family of faith, in her 9—Rememberingquirements of all occasions together, stays together, and doing youth, only a brief review be plays would

to your part play possible makein joyand a very superior -manner. years after in to them needed make

in the home. is ous clear again. in her This mindEasy Terms. Trial. Free School b—At other equally true of care of yourself rewith things—any 1—Taking into undertaking put our which we diet, to gard the exercise Ask About (cells and habits New KING

SILVER CLARINET best effort will yield the greatest 33040, 34449).

preparing lessons, life. and throughout good 2—Successfully

all discharging duties. project for the BeeHive Girls satisfactorily The

fair relawholesome, 3—Developing in that it lays is important this year

tionships teachers, with fellow students the for thoroughness. foundation (cells friends and 3 7, 41, 42).

ideal a girl has this an Once made responsibilities and being 4—Sharing

it, for a year, toward worked and in all she dependable recreational activities.

has assured for herself a degree of c—At Church

on time at all meetings atsatisfaction not to be surpassed. tended.1—Being

2—Showing reverence in houses of TO BEEKEEPERS. worship by keeping quiet, paying attention, leaving gum outside, remaining until

In presenting the project to the close of services, removing hats during class, use all the tact and diplomacy meetings, and taking part when asked.

at adolescence, In your command. sure benefits of more and 3—Making

social selfgovernment, pressure and blessings of the by Church more knowing group consciousness are far more about them, and striving to become more powerful influences than are preachworthy of them (cells 64-9, 74-9.) (All

of the are cells mentioned given merely ing, lecturing, or moralizing. Draw

suggestions in helping over to put you girls the themselves exas out from the project) pressions of their ideas and attitudes, and proper direction on your part beenBy drawnthe timeouttheandforegoingdiscussed,pointstogetherhave will the deguide discussion along will girls others with the numerous which offers King of one lines. sirable Certain points should a fairly include, the idea of value workable finest the and most mentioned: the of will project in developing be the complete lines of be

basses in the world hearts of the BeeHive girls. You are

the beginning the centennial year of work today. activities are One for the conwhich 1—What girl if the of each Church, and would every player a cern school girl of or 14 15? Home,

a part in the of proclaiming wonder every and are the church imhave and most among it let to effort best world, the her her put need. portant.

Let into everything does, us she thus point proving out activities phases of these to you, the mer- 2—Which herself a glorious of a worthy member its stressed? be that have Church. laced King Home shoulda-—-At ousaphones in

spirit of depends upon the home The lead. the

MAIL THIS COUPON TODAY thehappinessspirit attendsof all whoconsiderationdwell therein,of others.and Prepare Now for Promotion

suggestions follow: Graduation and Some

Consolidated Co., Music (IE) rights of the family mem121 So. 1—Honoring Salt Main, Lake, Utah.

bers their withusing belongings not by in Girls delight find BeeHive who Send pospaid catalogs, me KING (cell out 250). easy girls terms are in progress and of your make work who prices,FREE

proper in which obligation ways 2-—-Determiningpermission Nodetails TRIAL PLAN. to me. it to and week week from from

obparents, respect to be can and shown cells to which month. month Some (cells serving 35, them 251). Name are the considertake valuable most (cell borrowing from 3—Refraining is fill It others. to ably than longer do 252).

to early so that questions well courteously begin on these 4—Answering

the fammembers of put to you by other will their be assured. completion

'FIRST OF ALL RELI ABILITY ily 5—-Leaving(cell 25 8). all articles and places used Particularlyfoundation cellsis itbe advisedfinished thatin goodall

cleaner than you found you by them—CONSOLIDATED bookshelves, drawers, bowls, wash

all the Builders were asked not why MUSICROYAL WCOMPftNVDAYNES. Mahasek. etc. time. When one BeefKeeper was at said the that she being promoted caring for small and (cell6—Entertaining260). it that discovered was last moment (cells 314, brothers 3 6, 313, and sisters121 So. Main, Salt Lake 316, 317, 325). certain ones had not completed all

i

The Improvement Era for February, 1930 299

to the cells necessary. for be to sing books. threshold thanked will should They me When cross my

to this GODare the distant open the Shakespeare voices of of Paradise, have and been checked and on? Obviously, in February or March rather the dead, and make us heirs of the to me the worlds of imagination and

than in May. Look into the situaspiritual life of past ages. Books are the workings 'of the human heart, and

tion now, BeeKeepers; decide now, the true levellers. They give to all, Franklin to enrich me with his pracyou and your girls, that all Builders who will faithfully use them, the sotical wisdom, I shall not pine for

are to complete the work of this rank ciety, the spiritual presence, of the best want of intellectual companionship, and become Gatherers, and that all and the greatest of our race. No matand I may become a cultivated man

Gatherers are to be graduated at the ter how poor I am, no matter though though excluded from what is called end of the present M. I. A. season. the prosperous of my own time will the best society, in the place where I

not enter my obscure dwelling, if the live.

sacred writers will enter and take up Calendar for February their abode under my roof, if Milton—Wm. Ellery Channing: SelfCulture.

Builders Feb. 4- Guide XVIII—National Anthem.

Feb. 11- -Guide XIX—Bathing the

Baby.

Feb. 18Guide XXI—Textiles.

Feb. 25Open.

Gatherers Feb. 4—Guide XVIII—Civic ReHaag

sponsibility.

Feb. 11—Guide XIX—Home Evening. Feb. 18- -Guide XXI—Taste the Sweetness of Service. Vortex

Feb. 25- -Open.

Calendar for March Washers

Builders Washers are made in Mar. 4—Guide—Mending. three models, 55, 65,

Mar. XXIII—Understand P. 75, with H. 11—Guide y4 Beauty. a or motor

1 in the electric Mar. 8—Guide XXIV—Beauty engine. gas 4 cycle Home.

Mar. 25—Open.

Gatherers Mar.

Mar. 4—Guide1 1—GuideXXII—Service.XXIII—Nature's MAKE WASHDAY A PLEASURE WITH

Phenomena.

Mar. 1 8—Guide XXIV—Reading ONE OF THESE BEAUTIFUL MODELS

Course.

Mar. 25—Open.

Distributed By The BeeHive Committee is pleased MOUNTAIN STATES to announce the Folk Dance to be used in contest for the BeeHive girls. This little dance, called The Road to IMPLEMENT CO.

Auvergne, is the dramatization of a OGDEN, UTAH

French peasant song, and to make it interesting, action and pantomime must be put into it. The dance tells Stores At

the story of a lover and his sweetheart, who first skip in happily toOgden, Salt Lake City, Twin Falls, Idaho Falls, gether and play. Soon the girl atBuhl, Shelley

tempts to run away but the boy catches her, pulls her back, and attempts to kiss her. She resents this Ask For a Free Demonstration

and gives him a severe rebuff. He

then becomes angry and runs from her,—pronounced Haig

but she coaxes him to play with her again and the frolic continues to the end.

Music and directions for the dance may be obtained free of charge from the General Board of Y. L. M. I. A.,33 Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, [51

Utah.

We hope that many Stakes will conduct this contest. The dance is not 'We Wilt Treat You Right"

difficult and the BeeHive girls are sure to enjoy it very much.

300 The Improvement Era for February9 1930

Out of the Burning Utah's Cleanest, {Continued from page 257)

Hardest, knitting. Curly dropped her book, she muttered, and later, "Abe ain't

and grabbing the bucket, went out so good. He's afeared too."

Hottest into the night. The old grandmother raised a "hush finger"and

a sonorous, rollicking song driftBi>EFORE dawn Curly ed in: felt her Granny nudge her. She

rose obediently, dressed in her best ordered, "I traded thrust upate the food my calf and got me a asKNIGHT the her. Together on mole two went

An'the blooming thing run in its outdoors into the chilly dawn.

hole!"Down in the cellar Granny pulled Spring and twisted at a rock in the floor

Granny followed Curly out of until she loosened it. Then she

she heard the creak of the windlass to Curly. She also thrust a ragged Canyon the house. Standing in the shadow drew out a tin box and handed it

and the splash of pouring water. piece of paper into her hand. "This

She waited for Curly to appear, hyar's the name o'that thar Town but a startled, muffled cry came Lady. Youns go thar and give

instead. Like a creature of the her this hyar box. Youns stay

wilds, old Granny Turner dashed thar always. Don't youns neverCOAL

down the slight incline and struck come back hyar."

sharply at the dark form that was forcibly embracing Curly.

"Abe Walters, youns leave that stood transthar least one be,"she commandfixed untilG;URLYthe old grandmother

ed. "Whar's Millie? Youns been gave her a little shove toward the

a settin'up with her."distant town. "Youns go down

the holler, past the mail box and

Good coal looks good. the spring hole, and keep agoin'.

Pick up one of those hard "I aims ter marry When youns gets ter town, ask black lumps of Knight and Curly,"sulkily the young man adwhar the Town Lady stays. Right

inspect it yourself. Notice mitted his motive. "Weuns kin smart folks will tell yer. Hyar's

how free it is from white get married termorrow."vittles."

spots or yellow streaks, "Youns best marry Millie. Torn between loyalty to the unand notice how fine and Curly ain't fur youns."happy Millie and affection for the

straight the grain is. Take "Millie's over smart. She hit foster child who had "larnin',"the

the tremgave old grandmother did."a hit and hammer the lump. me—she

kiss. child a scant, meagre see The old the woman gave the youth bling Then straight

break, the sharp, hard a violent shove into the dark. TakAnd Curly Turner, carrying a poredges, and the small quaning the bucket in one hand and the tentous tin box under one arm,

tity of slack. frightened Curly by the other, she and a generous supply of corn

disappeared into the house. bread and fatty pork under the

can't go wrong You with Knight Spring CanThe others were abed. "Youns other,forever.passed out of Crow's Nest

Coal. yon be continued)

with your comfortIt is preparedin gomornin',ter bed,"crawlshe outdirected.early. I'll"Inpushthe (To

mind. youns. Put on yer best things.

is agoin'fur a right smart Call Was. 1676 Youns walk."

The bewildered, frightened Curly followed her Granny's inKNIGHT structions. She did not undress.

They always slept in their clothes.

to use the FUEL She did not even dare precious toothbrush. She crept in

beside Millie, who turned toward CO. her with a stifled sob.

L. E. ADAMS, Gen'l Mgr. "O Curly, I wisht I nary went

General Offices anuttin'with Abe,"she whistell ter Pa.""I'm afeared 818 Newhouse Building pered.

fell asleep Finally Millie but mumSALT LAKE CITY bled troubled thoughts all night.

"Seven times eight is fiftyfour,"

The Improvement Era for February, 1930 301

An American Prince (Continued from page 270) MISSLOU SHRIMP in heart,the pure this and thev just the thing for partiesseek. It cannot be said that everyone to whom the priceless gift of As charming in coloring as in flavor,

of Jesus Christthe Gospel has to is endeavoringcome live up to shrimpsdecorativelendarrangements,themselves admirablytheir pinktoconthe its highest requirements; but it can trasting pleasingly with the green of letbe said, and truthfully, that untuce or parsley.counted numbers are holding high

before them the newlyrevealed Once you try MissLou Shrimp you truths, as a light to guide them will appreciate the wide utility no less along the way which they must than their attraction as a food and the travel. Every step is made clear to ease with which they may be served,

them, for the torch thy hold leaves SHRIMP SALAD no corners dark, leads into no by withSeasonsalt andone peppercan of; chopMissLoua few Shrimppieces celerywell

and forbidden paths. well with a little onion, and add. Pour over

rTT HESE are the true Princes of thishard mayonnaiseboiled eggs, sauce,lemon,andbeetsgarnishand celerywith slicedtops.

* America. The divine right to Write TJs for Recipe Booklet

live the laws the of of by King MerrillKeyser Company is theirs, thisKings and proving by Brokers Manufacturer's Agents—Merchandiseright, they proclaim royalty the of Salt 328 Utah Lake City, West 2nd South

the line in which they are descended.

It is said of the bees that the

Queen is no different from any bee, other except that in infancy Seeds That Grow—Baby Chicks That Live is she fed the royal food which,

when assimilated and incorporated—Feeds That Make You Profit

into her body makes of her a suThat's What You Get When the Package or Sack is Labelled perior being and a ruler. How

truly might this be said of a boy BAILEY & SONS CO.

born into the Church of Jesus Established 1865

Christ. No different is he from 65 successful years of fair dealing is your guarantee of satisfaction

any other boy, except that through Send for Bailey's big new 1930 catalog of Seeds, Poultry Supplies, Feeds, childhood and youth he is fed the Baby Chicks, Pet Stock Supplies. It's worth dollars to every Farmer,

spiritfood of the Gospel, which, Rancher, Stockman, Poultryman and Home Owner when absorbed, gives finer soultexture, greater soullight, and BAILEY & SONS CO.

makes of him a royal son. 63 East 2nd South, Salt Lake

American idealistic;Prince—generous,walkingANcourageous,

in the light of inspiration and guided by the hand of faith! Strength he finds in his convictions, SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES

and glad and grateful is he for a OFFER knowledge of God, and his own relationship to him. May every one SPECIAL WINTER

of them realize his royal lineage, and glorying in the power it gives, glorify the power which gave it. EXCURSION FARES

f i i 15 FROM SALT LAKE CITY OR OGDEN

TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS

To Poets VIA SAN FRANCISCO $50.50

Clive Lovett Cleaves TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO REDESPISE if you like TURNING DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $58.00

earlier, weaker efforts Your beguile muse. Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA the Parnassian To As for me I cannot help but feel STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

Tenderly towards mine own; TICKETS ON SALE DAILY COMMENCING OCTOBER 1st

However feebleminded they appear FINAL RETURN LIMIT 8 MONTHS FROM DATE OF SALE placed among When my later family For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE I cherish as markers them

Along the weary road I have traveled. PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT

They serve to warn me against 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

birthlove. Overweening PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

them. For this I love

302 The Improvement Era for February, 1930

Briefer Ag,ain Fights the Indians

(Continued from page 260)

In this, however, they were dislonging to the group of real appointed and found themselves "mountain men"kept themselves driven back to shelter, leaving one somewhat aloof from the regular or two men dead upon the cleargambling "stake setters"of the ing. Just who would have been morally loose, dissipating free trapleft to report the fight can hardly pers. That there was a wild elebe guessed had not reinforcements ment at the rendezvous, all writers

arrived the next day. The Blackagree. Many of the white men

feet warriors being routed fled were themselves but FrenchCana- southward. Beckwourth reports dian halfbreeds, born of a French

the casualties at four trappers killed father and mothered in squaw fashand seven wounded, and seventeen ion, but possessing intelligence a bit

Blackfoot scalps. More than one superior to their halfbrothers, and

hundred Indians were slain, but were thus brought into the list of their bodies had been carried away "free traders."This was the

by their retreating tribesmen, who group generally hated by organized hurried southward toward some trappers who were presided over mountain streams near what is now by a "Burgeois,"the manager of

Centerville. Thus as far as the a furtrading expedition. Many

records show, ended the first Inof these halfbreeds, never having.

dian fight in Davis county. come in contact with more civilization than could be seen in the

The rich quality and smoothness of tents of the white man, were themSego Milk have made it the favorite Ashley with his selves as savage as the red men, satthroughout the intermountain region. three hundred pack animals, soon isfied at securing food and shelter

Try it! came trailing to the rendezvous on in the most primitive fashion and

cooking and eating in real wilderAt Your Grocer's selvesthe Weber.west ofCanthe wepresentimaginethrivingourness style.

city of twen1826, Ogden, some are Bridger that told when We years of tyone the ahead "Morscalps arrived the his with and men at the gathered rendezvous mons,"south, the of the Blackfeet from several a of motley crowd among trapping savagery a even "the of of white hundred men, many halflargely party, of up made their Inlodged with were whom breeds, Indian men, and squaw chilhalf-breed dian squaws and in children, is shown and women side every dren? Here camped on the at in scalp the indulged dance

four thousand than were more arrival the of the on to rendezvous arrived Indians, having Snake invictors. Indians Snake The

festivities participate in the of the celebration stantly fell the into of grand celebration, for neither they the scalp dance against their old else the forgotten nor anyone had fact that the Bemoaning scenes year of the before wild on enemies. "Caterpillar"present been have not they could

river. the the that Green Now contributbattle, at the the Snakes

the at trading of hand, were days Tractors hilarity, wild a the to ed making all a place became West Wild show the scene."did only men Not us, Policy! itself. Insurance informs Your Beckwourth by knives turn, twist brandishing and the that well "It supposed be may

is a to hold "Caterpillar"to time keeping own To tomahawks, and vast arrival a of such of amount will that insurance glottal but their an song, your work war own east pass luxuries the not did from i well, conserve at as just the children be the time to done and women, off celebration,"a general without the the prepare moisture shouting exhausted, until and danced way closing his description with, "All for a big and profitable crop. their hate for the Blackfeet. sorts of extravagances that white

It does the work of your horses, man or Indian could invent, were and you make the profit. freely indulged in. The unpacking of the medicine water (alcoLJN the second day of

Investigate now hol) contributed not a little to the mirth and trading, amid scenes of heightening of our festivities."dancing, riding, shooting, fighting Landes & Company and now and then a killing, the

Dealers Blackfeet, still enraged over their

Salt Lake, Logan, Tremonton, A:S has been shown in recent defeat, swooped down upon

Nephi, Malad and Preston, Idaho a previous article, such leaders as the outskirts of the Ogden village,

General Ashley, Jedediah S. Smith, killed and scalped five Snake InBridger, Sublette, Fitzpatrick, dians and made off to the eastward,

Jackson, Provot, and others beconcealing themselves behind the.

The Improvement Era for February, 1930 303

bluffs and willows of the Weber.

At this rude interruption, the friendly Snake chief, hurrying to Would

Sublette exclaimed, "Cut Face, [possibly a scar gave Sublette this Five hours warriors and threename] of my the Sleep ou a been have killed bytwo women

Blackfeet! You say your wargreat are theyriors can fight—that Give you fight, seebraves. them let me Now \J Z***0000* rest as As much are -OAtlPV- I words yourthat know may '

"true."a hard on Nine hours \J W""''

Lumpy Mattress? TRY IT.

INDEED, you shall see Pioneer Mattress Factory, Salt Lake City, Utah them fight,"angrily declared the white chief, as more than three hundred cool but anxious mountaineers made for their guns, "And

I have no cowards thenbraves—thatyou shall know they are

among my men, and that they are interior all ready to die for their Snake Do your friends."Seeing such an inviting

moment for dealing revenge upon the Blackfeet, the Snake warriors.. flocked to the bluffs by the hunpainting now

dreds, most of them well armed rifles, tomaand with muskets it 's convenient and Beckknives. and scalping hawks

tells the battle that was us wourth less expensive.

as the Blackfeet, the to a severe loss trappers concealed themselves, fighting from rocks and ridges for more than six hours. Being routed

the foes withdrew up the river, "leaving as trophies one hundred seventythree warriors with scalps for the trappers, besides much war material. Several trappers were Bennett's

wounded, but none killed; while

of the Snakes eleven were killed.

The victory was the occasion for an inordinate scalp dance, lasting Gloss Interior some days."We are told that

Jim Bridger, who had now been a mountain man four full years, manipulated his rifle so dextrously, Finish crawling catlike from blind to such and shooting with blind un- A "Property Life Insurance Product"that he came usual marksmanship, in for many praises while the af-—will give new life to all interior

fair lasted. Can you see him,twenty-two years old, with dark comsurfaces

plexion, long hair, a full growth of whiskers, buckskin moccasins, with pants, shirt and cap to match, 8 BEAUTIFUL NEW COLORS standing full six feet, a regular mountaineer swing to his gait?

Little did he imagine at that time Ask for color card at that he was becoming the "Daniel and the Rockies, of Boone"that a BENNETT GLASS 8 PAINT COMPANY students later, years hundred would be searching volumes to 65 West First South St.

learn of his every movement and writing it into American history. Or At Bennett Dealers When the fighting, dancing,

singing, drinking < and boasting ended and the buying, selling and

304 The Improvement Era for February, 1930

trading was about over, General the afternoon, following the passAshley, Jedediah Smith, Sublette ing of the sacrament, Wilford and Jackson drew up some conWoodruff, Orson Pratt, Willard tracts and signed them, turning Richards and Brigham Young over to the three latter men all the spoke. At the close of his rerights of the great chief, Ashley. marks, President Young had the

Here we are told by the general people stand, some 170 in num- "near the Grand Lake west of the ber, and give their thrilling "TemRockies, on July 26, 1826"that ple Shout"as taught them by the the papers were duly transferred Prophet Joseph. One cannot help

and that he was leaving the trapcontrasting this worshiping group HOME!AT tell Let us you quickly you the can hilarious how and ping game forever. to of trappers band

easily learn play favorite your instrument, before. decades on in the Weber two right your in toown home and your spare time.

Music will make you popular, welcomed everywhere,and offermany bigmoneyopportunities.

Easy as A-B-C IN the evening, follownothing.Yon need know about to music begin. We ing the signing the papers, of sevgive individual you instruction right from

3tart the guarantee andpersona!, satisfaction. your will You eral hundred mountaineers gathered be surprised delighted and that music can be made

so easy fascinating. and at first great Ogden's Education "Community in Courses Piano,Violin,Voice,Trumpet, MandoOrgan, Banjo, Tenor Banjo, Spanish Guitar, waiting for general the to Camp,"Guitar. Surprisingly lin,Hawaiian cost; low terms. easy engine refused to once go An issue his deerskin lodge from to for Send Our Catalog New Today Just the cause seemed what none to know It will tell all you about great in now farewell. bid School—them Beckwourth its 25th successful year the andthis wonderful National—expert called engineer was An that Academy Method has meant success to over reports his as speech follows: 200,000 enthusiastic students. find it stalled. that out engine Send right for why now. To

it. while think is you of It FREE. friends! "Mountaineers and When a Picked a rap, gave hammer, up NATIONAL ACADEMYOF MUSIC I first to I came the mountains, started at tap. engine the The Dept. East 41st Street, 702 305 Chicago

came a poor man. You, by your The expert then made out his bill

indefatigable exertions, toils, and Which almost made the owners chill.

privations, have procured for me While others there looked on and wondered fortune. an independent orWith

still fumed and thundered. The manager in the prudence manageInd< dinary

of accumulated, ment I have what sir, please not holler! do "Now, my dear

shall never for want to Advertisers I dollar, I charge rap anything. For one hammer

I this, feel friends, For mymy rest bill pleasure's (the of mine) For

Bailey 301 Sons Co 8 self great to obligations you. under threeninety-nine. rap, to where Knowing Life Beneficial Insurance Co of served have with you Many me see, I've friend, college to been You my Back Cover

I personally, shall and always to that get had to knowledge; pay be And Glass Bennett 303 8 Paint Qo testify fidelity to to the proud with are the rack So you upon Butter now Krust Baking 293 Co

Blackstone Institute '241 which you have stood by me To help me get that money back;

Consolidated Music Co. 298 through all danger, and the friendAnd whether I am wise or blundered,

DaynesBeebe Music Co. 242 ly and brotherly manner which The total cost is just four hundred."

Deseret Book Company 288 you have ever, one and all, evinced

Deseret News Press 294 toward me. For these faithful and Just like the falls Niagarie.

Deseret Foods Corporation 290 devoted services, I wish you to acThe world's a great menagerie.

Fleischmann Yeast Co 293 cept my thanks; the gratitude I exIf you can box up in a shell

Ghirardelli Company 293 press to you springs from my heart, To shoot the falls and do it well

Henagers Business College 295 and will retain a lively hold on my And land in safety after all

Fuel Knight Co. 300 feelings. friends! about fall, am the rapid Regardless of My

- 290 Hughes Shop to to leave abode you take up destiny fool's 'scaped have you I my Then Landes Company & 302 in St. of Louis. you any be. to Whenever where you ought And landed Salle Extension University 28 La 9

MerrillKeyser Company 301 return thither, your first duty must

Mountain States Implement be to call at my house, to talk over But chance of one in eightyeight

Co. 299 the scenes of peril we have encountYou'll not escape a common fate.

National Academy of Music -304 ered, and partake of the best cheer You'll shoot straight up into the sky Pembroke's 296 my table can afford.—-Farewell Without a pause to reason why

Pioneer Mattress Factory 303 mountaineers and friends! May And when you get up there to dwell

Quish School of Beauty Culfar as all!"you find As that ignorance is You'll God bless is—well tu re to address public the next count does not bravado 294 known, That such

Radio and Television Institute.291 be delivered in the Great Salt Lake In place where angels scarcely mount.

Regal Cleaning Co. 292 8 Dyeing layears twentyone Valley, was

Royal Baking Co. 296

ter, 25, July day, lacking one if I could you feel make O boy, Salt Lake Hardware Co. 297

site the present steel of the near sharpened 1847, of tempered edge The Salt Pressed Co. Lake Brick 244

Salt Lake Knitting Store 297 City and County Building, Salt That brings success without delay

Sego Milk Co. 302 Lake City, at ten o'clock Sunday To those who pass the time away,

Southern Pacific Lines 301 morning on the inside of a circle In vision clear as morning dawn

Utah Gas 8 Coke Co. of travelworn wagons. Here the That sharpened edge to look upon,

Inside Back Cover first formal Christian worship be- I'd temper both your mind and thought

Utah Home Fire Insurance Co. 297 gan in the Great Basin. The In lesson ne'er to be forgot

Utah Savings 8 Trust Co 292 morning speakers were Elders That education is the wedge

Z. C. M. I Inside Front Cover George A. Smith, Heber C. KimTo ope the door against all dredge.

ball, and Ezra T. Benson; then in—Levi N. Harmon

The Evening Story by the Firelight

is just one of the things which Natural (j THIS / cheerful,Gas does radiantbetter thanwarmthany otherfrom fuel!a convenientlyA cozy,

placed burner! Clean, smokeless, and instantly responsive to your needs. Just the thing for the variable

temperatures of early spring and fall. And surprisingly economical.

For househeating, a Natural Gas heating plant is ideal. Why not enjoy its supreme comfort and convenience now! Let us give you an estimate of costs

for your home. Most people are truly surprised at

the low cost.

And for cooking, waterheating, sanitary incineration and automatic refrigeration, this fine modern fuel has no superior. It is worth looking into.

Use NATURAL, GHSIt's Smart to be Thrifty

'\y THE IDEAL FUEL Visit any of our display rooms and see for yourself the many new ways in which Natural Gas service can add to your enjoyment of living.

Coke O "CITV SALT Co.1300 Wasatch GasMAIN SOUTH Utah45 I300LAKE 45 SOUTHPH0IVE MAIM--GasComoanyWASATCH—SailPHONE WASATCHCity Serving

- C- KAYSVILLEVlMI CENTERVILLE {BraachOf:ce)Pk>meKasmlle200BOUNTIFUL LAYTONMAGNA Gas Oaden FARMINGTONT00ELE--GARFllLD--MURRAY(flmcft(7//ia?)Bi/'il/uySU Cake,CompanyST. 174 TWENTYFOURTH PHONE H

Ogtten MIDVALE -SANDY"Serving i i m in

osot Amos 'n Andy Are not so good on Finance

.-*&

However, Here is Good Advice From Excellent Authority

''The Best Guardian of the Purse

That Has Ever Been Discovered Is A Life Insurance Policy"—Charles Evans Hughes.

To Buttress the Home, to Give Impetus to Thrift and to Provide the Relief That Comes With the Assurance of Protection For is There Better Than Life Insurance? Dependents—What

THE BEST THERE IS IN LIFE INSURANCE ISSUED BY

Vhe BIG HOME COMPANY

H1HERE YOU GET Participating Insurance At Low NonParticipating Rates BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO

Home Office, Vermont Bldg., Salt Lake City

children's insurance that is really worth while

Heber J. Grant, President E. T. Ralphs, General Manager

ii *