S?Tfe

ago we told you about our as an organization of American without sacrifice of quality.A LITTLE more than a year the service of Agriculture—and duction wherever this is possible

New FARMALL Family. men and women we thank you Even as we increase our efforts

Since that time, we have built folks on the farms for your confito serve you, you can serve yourmore than 100,000 FARMALLS dence, yourpatience, andyourpatself. Talk over your power, equipthe needs with and service ronage. glad to are have had ment, We for use machines modern—and dealer. International Harvester the peaceful mechaniza- a part in for Yet, them. with the demand now—FARMALLS has set such a fast tion of the nation's farms. We Quick deliveries are possible

there orders ahead be many may energies our full and refac- pledge tractor that great our pace wait. of you if you progress sources to the further of tories have swamped. been And

farms are armof America The with Plan it is a fact that all of the new mathis vitalprogram. ing power. FARMALL

chines announced by Harvester We are building maximum now to make your farm strong in during 1940 have enjoyed the value into every tractor and mathe face of any emergency.

same kind of popularity. chine that carries our nameplate INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY

As a Company dedicated to—and we are stepping up pro180 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, III.

mm I N G M c CO RM I C K - D E E R

JMtau EXCLUSIVE FEATURES "OMVbUm&aS V*-;<:::;::-:-:<*ft:::- FARMALL

WaksL lAh, Wok!

The Pioneers of Utah under Brigham Young's leadership were builders, with a keen sense of the value of constructive cooperation. Utah then

had a busy, friendly atmosphere of "One for all and all for one."

This spirit has been lost and there is now much strife and many are seeking to take what others have created and rise upon the ruins of other men's work, hopes and endeavors.

The younger generation do not now find the opportunities that could be theirs if men, communities and industries would wake up and work together with the wholehearted enthusiasm of their Pioneer ancestors.

Utah is waking up and under the leadership of the Church, Civic and

Industrial Organizations, a better day is dawning. Prof. Levi Edgar Young

recently stated, "We need to emphasize the similarities we find in our various groups—not the differences".

NEW PARK MINING COMPANY The first new major Mine opened in Utah in recent years.

BSKKWK''

It's new in size! The '41 Ford is the biggest Ford car in 38

years!

It's new in ride! The new Ford has a soft, bigcar ride that's

one of the year's surprises!

It's new in luxury! Increased quietness... still greater handling ease... new richness of fittings and trim... new, massive

styling!

See the new Ford today! Check the deal that waits at your

Ford dealer's now!

Get the facts and you'llget a

F0R1941!

J&dyJhvid. CtnniveAAaAy. Haawl, 18971940

(Do yoiL JOwiuWhy leaves change color in the/MmprouementlEra fall? 644

'The Glory of God is Intelligence"

How much ice cream Americans consume annually? 647

Heber J. Grant,NOVEMBER, 1940 John A. Widtsoe, How Brigham Young's sense of

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Managing Editor What procedure families seeking

C. Josephson, Marba should opportunities agricultural QUORUMS, PRIESTHOODOFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE Editor Associate 650 follow? DEPARTASSOCIATIONS, IMPROVEMENTMUTUAL

Morris, General Mgr. George Q. MUSIC COMMITTEE, EDUCATION, WARD OFMENT Associate Mgr. Cannon, Lucy G. said President Heber J. Grant What CHURCH AGENCIES OF THE OTHERTEACHERS, AND Business Orton, Mgr. K. J. conferSAINTS. general OF CHRIST LATTERDAY at theOF JESUS October

ence? 654 How the world may he made a 656 to live?.—in better place which

of and Thum- "Urim meaning JobisL o CrnibmiL The

JhsL jdiifi& (pUJJL Whethermim"? the frontier is actually657

To the Conference Assembled. Heber J. Grant 654 closed? 658

The true story of Orrin Porter

Rockwell's life? 659

Our Lands, Our Fields, Our Harvest J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 655 Howmen"to? recognize truly "big660

of Essentials...David CX McKay 656 a Better World a answered C. Kimball Heber How of Urim and Thummim? Meaning What Is the vital nearly question a century

Sidney B. Sperry 657 ago.'662

Evidences and Reconciliations: XXXL Was the "Manifesto"How we should regard our heritage

Based on Revelation? John A. Widtsoe 673 of freedom? 662

The Human Side of Brigham Anti - Tobacco - Liquor CamWhat American biography contains

Young, James P. Sharp 648 paign—678 an account of a meeting with

Agricultural Opportunities, C. Priesthood: Melchizedek 678 Martin Harris? 663

Orval Stott... 650 Aaronic—680

Prize Contest Announced—663 Mutual Messages: Executives..682 Whose names figure prominently in

the evolution of Thanksgiving 682 MenGleaners 665 Music Page M 665 in America? Day 682 Explorers 667 Genealogical—Page

The Church Moves On 670 Juniors 683 What essentials composers of new

BeeHive Girls 683 Church music should rememSpecial J&jcduh&A. ber? 665

How a prominent educator was imIs the Frontier Closed? Carlton Culmsee 658 pressed with the remarks of a

Orrin Porter Rockwell. Chapter 1 Nicholas Van Alfen 659 group of Mormon missionaries? 666

Big Men - Jack Sears 661 The legend of Indian summer?. 666

The Heritage of Freedom Daniel Harrington 662 At what time the Church radio

An Impression of Martin Harris Francis H. Stoddard 663 broadcastsday evenings?may be heard on Sun670

Lincoln's Proclamation of Thanksgiving 665 Whether the "Manifesto"was

Exploring the Universe, FrankOn the Book Rack 668 based on revelation? 673

the Child, Lois 644 Paying lin Homing: Harris, Jr. S. For what the "Era"....647 676 Snelling Telefacts homemakers "A dollaris offeringan 676 Here's Shall Weston How Go Hungry? We idea"? 676 B. Barbara Corner, Cooks'662 Nordgren N.

Burnett 676 EterScientist on an Speaks A EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL to Advertisers 692 Question, nal E. Dean OFFICES: J. Index

McCaustland 666 Your Page and Ours 704 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Copyright 1940. by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young Men's Mutual ImprovefidttotijcdUu ofmentLatterdayAssociationSaints.of theAllChurchrights reserved.of Jesus ChristSubThe Eightyfourth Milestone John A* Widtsoe 672 singlescriptioncopy.price, $2.00 a year, in advance; 20c

Reenactment Richard L. Evans 672 Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for

for in sectiop 1103, Act of October, 1917,JjudthfL, (posdJiy,, QhoA&wtfitL (Pu$$1sl mailingauthorizedat special rate of postage provided 1918. July 2,

responsible not Improvement The Era is unsolicited conmanuscripts, but Orrin Porter Rockwell—The True Story of a Man for welcomes

tributions. All manuscripts must be accompanied Alfen 659 Nicholas Van

for delivery postage by sufficient and return. 660 Harmer Mabel A Woman's Place

An Adventure in Old City Creek Claude T* Barnes 664 NATIONAL ADVERTISING

The Legend of Indian Summer Etta Mai Scott 666 REPRESENTATIVES

City Mayo, Salt M. Lake Ireland676 Francis Time, Thelma Frontispiece: Canning Armistice, LaRene

Francisco S. Townsend, San Edward Puzzle......702 Scriptural.653 Crossword K. Bleecker

Poetry Page.....-. 669 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

CIRCULATIONS JhsL fov&h.

is photographic study traditions a from of reminder American seasonalThis by A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY at recalls great cost, and which It things been that have won Harold M. Lambert. must be preserved with personal and public integrity. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

IS (Ylf)L EXPENSIVE! THIS HOME

It Costs No More to Build this Home Than any other Type of Properly Built Home

THE BRICK IN THIS HOME COST ONLY $316.61 DELIVERED

BRICK protects your investment as no other material can.

BRICK houses depreciate less than any other type of construction.

BRICK costs less for upkeep and is more desirable than any other type of construction.

BRICK never disappoints you.

If you are planning to build, YOU should have the facts and figures on BRICK construction.

Let us estimate the cost of BRICK for YOUR

HOME—YOU will be surprised to know how

little it actually costs to BUILD WITH BRICK.,

INTERSTATE BRICK COMPANY

Manufacturers of Clay Products 3100 South Eleventh East Salt Lake City, Utah Telephone 6-8651

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

for is available rubber tire Anew tire is filled The wheelbarrows.

with a resilient cushioning rubber which has the advantages over the airinflated tire o requiring no inflation or servicing.

Aswordfish, in an unusual case, penetrated a copper sheath and eighteen and one half inches of hardwood of which fourteen and one half inches were of oak. The ship speared

by the fish was the South Seas whaler

Fortune.

barley young found that has been IT nutrient and move plants may absorb salts almost as readily in the dark as in the light over brief experimental periods. Such plants may grow normally

AMERICA'S DISTINCTIVE TRAINS for some time with food supplied only during the daily dark period.

On your next trip East, ride one of these dieselpowered, A foundrecentthatstudyreadingof schoolcomicschildrenis one stainless steel wonder trains. You'll thrill to their effortless of the most common leisuretime interspeed and enjoy the comfort and luxury of their smart ests of children of the fourth, fifth, and

accommodations. sixth grades. The children like the

comics mostly for the adventure, exBurlington Zephyrs ply daily on fast schedules between citement, and action, and not for the

Denver and Chicago Lincoln - Omaha and Kansas City humor. The interests in comic strips

Denver and Ft. Worth - Dallas Kansas City and St. Louis are very similar to the interests in readFt. Worth - Dallas and Houston St. Louis and Burlington ing, radio, and the movies.

Chicago and St. Paul - Minneapolis Plastics are invading women's dress

Remember, too, that the luxurious Exposition Flyer from head to toe. A transparent

between Utah and Chicago is Burlington east of Denver. visor of Lucite on a smart turban of

the and head, the cover may Leave Salt Lake City 9:15 any night, arrive Chicago doeskin in heel rest on a foot may heel of the

11:55 second morning. part or all of crystal clear plexiglas

Let us help with your travel plans 4to give an unusual effect.

TRAVEL BURLINGTON BUREAU Doasleavesa resultchangeofcolorfrost?in the Asautumnthe General Agent J. H. Gregory,

218 Kearns Bldg. Wasatch 1899 cutautumnoff fromcomesvitalon, connectionthe leaves withbecomethe

.America's First DieselPowered twigs and branches by a layer of cork.

Streamline Train was a Zephyr This gradually brings about death of mmm the leaf independently of frost. As the

protoplasm of the leafcell dies, the in them decomheld chlorophyll green fP< o which substances first, exposing poses All Property Owners! ATTENTION! had been masked, and the leaves turn Why wait for a bitter experience to convert Send an ERA yellow. If a sugar is present, under

you to fire protection. SUBSCRIPTION theformedactionmakingof lightthea compoundleaves completelymay be

red in color. An early frost destroys COMET RED the deprevents FAST, EFFICIENT, pigments, DEPENDABLE. yellow the you Cijrtetmasi for lives of against protection offersECONOMICAL the material, and the red of velopment lossequipment fire. Automatic property by and and pleasure gives ERA your brown. RED "The Contact protection. a lifeless turn leaves 24hour

of faithful information. full for member profit to every at. once dealer insuresCOMET + it, it o and reads the Church who the Sudan, Egyptian the of parts N Incorporated COMET RED readthe inspire to I y tendency a has called tree, of a large trunk hollowed Littleton, Colorado Comet Bldg., 767 Bed

friends to have his a desire er with of water. storage for the is used 9. Tebeldi,

share the same pleasure."U During the rains the water collects in

V. J. the at NELSON in the ground—Heber J. Grant. a depression made

North 403 647) on page (Concluded

Utah Ninth—West Dial 4-0213 Salt Lake City,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

k HOMEPRODUCED

... IN WAR OR PEACE A GREAT NATIONAL ASSET

Today virtually every is the nation's homeproduced sugar supply!

strong nation of the Yet, although the beet sugar industry was craworld has developed dled in the necessities of war, it has proven its internal sugar producnecessity in time of peace. A nonsurplus crop,

tion as a safeguard the sugar beet radiates wide benefits: jobs on

against interruption of the farm and in the factory; jobs on railroads,

remote supplies. Sugar in the coal mines, in the limestone quarries. The

is an absolute necesbeet sugar industry brings to the West literally

... sity—as important to a millions of dollars in new wealth each year.

nation as its bread. Take away the West's beet sugar industry, and

Homeproduced sugar you take away its prosperity.

was born of necessity. When England cut off Beet sugar competes with no other American

founded supply France's Napoleon sugar a docrop—in fact it stimulates other agricultural deindustry. Germany Soon sugar mestic beet velopment! Sugar beet byproducts are a boon

recognized its great value and became the to the milk producers, to the sheepmen, to the largest beet sugar producer in Europe, exportlivestock growers. The beet sugar industry is

ing to England and other countries. During important to everyone in the West... to everyWorld War I shipments to England stopped and one in America!-

German U-boats jeopardized supplies from the tropics. After the war England founded a large You can't live without sugar. Help protect

beet sugar industry. Today sugar beets grow America's sugar supply and the West's prosperin Japan, in Manchukuo, on the whole face of ity by using only HomeProduced Sugar. It's

finegran- Europe from Scandinavia to the Bosporus, the best sugar you can buy—pure,

with Soviet Russia the largest producer of all. ulated, quickdissolving. Perfect for canning,

So commonplace is sugar, so available at your preserving, jellies, jams, cakes, pastry, candy, corner grocer, it is difficult to realize that at any sauces, and for every sweetening or cooking given moment, the world's sugar supply is withpurpose. In -war or peace HomeProduced

in a few months of exhaustion. Yet this is true. Sugar is a great national asset—use it in your

Vital, indeed, in these days of widespread wars, kitchen!

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

SO VOU WILL HRUE

During the cold months ahead, you ed windbrakes—good lights—good

all, 14 can be comfortable in your car if it's shieldwiper operation—in

properly winterized. And we mean important items checked over and put

comfortable both in body and mind. into topnotch condition for your

Winterizing, the way we do it, assures comfort.

protection to your motor against gearshifting It spells pleasant motoring—safer freezing—assures easy

adjustof motoring—inexpensive motoring.—ease starting—properly

Important Let Us WINTERIZE YOUR CAR NOWI Checkup I Operations

One Time in at the familiar Drive At One Place ICO MOTOR 6lL Vico—Pep 88 sign...

Stations Everywhere in Utah & Idaho PEP88GASOLINE

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

Smart, TEIEFACT U. S. SCHOOL POPULATION, 1940

IN GRADE faf\f\L v\$ 22,400,000fKf\rf\ SCHOOLS Sma/ttl & 4 & *

/Y J HIGHttfiftllljGH SCHOOLS6,500,000

PRIVATE & f\f2,500,000 CATHOLIC

COLLEGES & NORMAL SCHOOLS'I 1,645,467 SCIENCE SERVICEPICTOGRAPH CRPORATION tD14

Exploring the Universe 4before they can begin depositing eggs.

( Concluded from page 644 Tt takes the total production of a milsup- Americans * lion to keep cows of quarts thefoot of the tree and is scooped up and plied a billion over with poured into a hole near the lowest main ice cream they consume annually.

branches A seal of wet clay keeps 4 insects and animals out of the water. I"ard can now be kept without reSuch hollow tree trunks may hold up *"'frigeration and can have its food

to a thousand gallons of water which values kept without chemical change.

keeps fresh for a long time. In one This is made possible by the discovery

province, Khordofan, near Ethiopia, all that the juice of the tropical guaicum the trees are registered and the amount tree, when used in small quantities, will of water they contain recorded for inprevent the oxidation of the lard.

formation on the water resources. 4

A machine has been made which will /ertain spitting cobrastheir poison,have thethe fluidpowerbeingof **the ratepluckof theup feathersto three offhundredchickensbirdsat thrown a distance of several feet and an hour, or about ten times that of an aimed at the face of the foe. expert hand picker.

Aan does not rate very well with A discovery from England's black- *** mosquitoes, which prefer horses ** outs can help to avoid the glare and cattle about six times as well and of an approaching strong headlight on pigs three times as well, Federal ento- a dark night. Close one eye when the

mologists report. Man is just a little bright light approaches and open it

ahead of chickens and cats as a preagain when the car has passed. The

ferred source of the blood meal which eye which has been closed will be most of the bitingTEiEFACTmosquitoes require sensitive for darkness as before.

I. K. M. Creation in SWIMMING DEVELOPS LUNG CAPACITY an

w MOSETTE a fabric as new as tomorrow—

AVERAGE PERSON as soft as its name.

WHILE RESTING BREATHES WHILE SWIMMING v III 7.03 QUARTS OF AIR PER MINUTE 45.46 QUARTS

9 INTERMOUNTAIN KNITTING MILLS

OGDEN UTAH KNITS and FABRICS STYLED AND CUT TO "FIGURE FIT"

Science ServicePictorial Statistics, Inc. 8-30. J. EDWIN NELSON, Pres. 647

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

THE HUMAN SIDE OF BRIGHAM YOUNG

By James P. Sharp

plains, crossing the some of of the brethren some Now who had Whilethe brethren visited to Brigham the went quarry to Brigham went and

Young with every little thing told him this Scotchman was doing for advice. One evening when Brigconsiderable swearing; in fact, they deham was very worried and walking manded he be fired. Brigham promised

about trying to get things straightened to investigate. He left one morning in

out, a man came to him and said: his carriage. He was astonished at the

"Brother Brigham, shall I turn my oxen number of wagons he met, all loaded out on the prairie tonight or shall I put with great granite blocks for the them in the wagon corral?"Temple.

"We are in Indian country. Better He was deep in thought when the

corral them."driver stopped the carriage near where

"Shall I tie them up or turn them the men were loading a large stone.

loose?"Not a man of that group saw the carand "Giant'"Better tie them up."riagethe foremanas theywavedchainedforthetherocknextfast,manandto

"Shall I tie them long or short?"drive his wagon up. The driver of this

"Just medium."outfit was a great bully and sometimes

Your Washing "Shall I tie them loose or tight?"menfoughtleftwhenhim necessary.entirely alone.MostHeof sawthe

"Tie them so tight the very old devil the men in the carriage, and as if to

Smells Sweet himself cannot untie them."makeit was,a rippedgood impressionout an oathon andwhoeverbegan

using his long bull whip unmercifully.

especially fond of blooded bulls. marks from shoulders to hips. Brigand Clean wasBrother Brigham loved cattle, and Those oxen were a mass of whip

One of his neighbors had a bull that ham started to get out to speak to this he saw his Scotch foreman—when it IS clean—when every hadaround,whippedincludingevery Brigham'sother one forbest.blocksSo man when

bit of the soil and grime is as he rode about he kept watch for an step to one side and heard him say, washed out of it—when every bit animal that was better than the one his "You're infringing on my rights. Brigof the soap is rinsed out of it! neighbor owned. He finally found one ham hired me to do the swearing around

And that can only be done with that suited him. here. Stop it and quit using that bull

an efficient soap that also rinses When it was delivered it so hapwhip on those oxen."

free and clear. That soap is PAR, pened that this animal was placed in a This bully let out a loud laugh. As

the soap that contains Pyro. Pyro, corral next to the one that had the the Scotch foreman stepped towards

you may have heard, is the marchampion fighter in it. There was only him he began swinging his long whip.

velous ingredient that prevents a board partition separating them. The Scotchman saw it coming. It

of boys and young a crowd men of formation the out. raised his snaked hands and He in gathered turned animal as the was So, scum. graying it his twice. around wound body Such inclosure. soapget—curds and theQuite turning suggested They

them in together as both animals were a blow would have brought a less stalpawing up the earth and doing conwart man to his knees. He flinched a

siderable bellowing. bit, seized the whip, gave it a quick jerk, PAR SOAP Brigham shook his head and said, and was in possession of the weapon.

At the Grocers in "Young men, I have been accused of Slowly he unwound the coils from

Your Neighborhood bullalmostfight.everythingNo oneexceptcan everconductingsay I fos-a aroundalready hisshowingbody.underGreathis weltsopen shirt.were

Whose Customers Come First! tered one; but, say, I see that two of He stepped back a few feet and raised

those boards are a bit loose. Now if the whip. He was just the right disfor any reason those boards come off tance from his attacker to make

and the bulls get to fighting, well, will the whip most effective. The lash cut

run of you one up to room and my tell the bully's trousers into shreds, and he it? for anything stop about Don't me

to run shortlegged the began with right in."but walked away. come He PERSONAL after him. Scot

The incident over, slowly the Scot of loading the hauling Greeting and The Carb* coiled the long up as whip walked he for Salt the worTemple Lake lines granite featuring the smartest to his he picked where pole and up for back ried available. considerably, Outstanding, Brigham beauYoung

tiful. Over 1000 styles from the rock was coming in mighty slow. was ready for work. A hand was

which to select. It was hard to get men who understood placed upon his shoulder. He dropped

that are CHRISTMAS CARDS the pole to and ready carry rocks. Finally the on was large of such moving

distinctive personally imand fight. short, hired heavyset, the broadwith a he into the looked up He printed. Priced the to shouldered load Scot wagons. of eyes said; Young, Brigham who for 50. $1.00

six others got Scot had This who for 25 $1.00 "Brother, I admire exany man who their in in quarries the stone worked to $50.00 (And up 100) per I cels in anything. get back When land, aid the native of with some and

tell the Relief to Society I am going rollers, poles, redpine and some some 24 EastPEMBROKEBroadway—Salt Lake City cutting are at expert what an you string of sisters endless an blocks, soon had

wagons moving. carpet rags with a bull whip."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

On the 84th anniversary of his birthday, the Rio

Grande extends greetings to President Heber J. Grant.

He is a distinguished churchman and executive, and a valued friend whose achievements have won for him a place of honor in the hearts of all those who know him.

The same path has marked the progress of Utah and the Rio Grande ever since pioneering rails of the home road were laid thru the Rockies to Salt Lake

City and Ogden three score years ago. Utah and the

Rio Grande have advanced together, indelibly tracing the course of empire thru the Rocky Mountain Vvest.

in Rio Grande's sound motion picture, Desert Empire,

President Heber J. Grant presents a vivid picture of Utah's

is B dramatic and stirring history.... Continued popularity of

this film proves the intense interest of people everywhere in the pioneer days of our West... and the fearless courage

and devotion to ideals of the Mormon people which have made Utah a sturdy commonwealth in the Union of States.

"Tv DENVER & RIO GRANDE WESTERN RAILROAD

O. J. Grimes, Assistant Traffic Manager—24 So. Main St., Phone 4-6551—Salt Lake City

<- 4 RfcrGraTt&e1

L6f#0 dkftttV Ufa GENTLE BLEACH AGRICULTURAL

OPPORTUNITIES By C. ORVAL STOTT

Field Representative of the Church

YOU CAN BUY A Welfare Agricultural Advisory

HAT WITH THE Committee MONEY YOU SAVE BY CHANGING FROM of the major longtime obHARSH BLEACHES Onejectives of the Church WelPUREX! fare Plan is to find permanent

employment for distressed members

Harsh bleaches injure linens. who are worthy, and to place men

of experience on farms. For more

than two years, the Agricultural

Committee of the Church has been collecting information on land projects in the Western States. It is

Are you letting harsh bleaches weaken and fray out your the advice and counsel of the Gencottons and linens? That premature "wear"is terribly eral Authorities that our people recostly! You can avoid it by whitening your wash with tain ownership of the land, that all

Intrafil by exclusive Purex, made strength bleaching yet that has full bleach Purex, the opportunities land be exhausted last.'local is gentle Process,... Linens

.. follow directions action. Just gentle. Why trust to distant families are moved before

linens to any bleach but Purex? projects. There are many inquiries

for land from families who cannot be placed in their own immediate locality. fuft6#tt dbttw'tfo BEAUTY BATH menThereof arethe instakethe handsagriculturalof the chairad- visory committees throughout the

Church, listings of land projects that have been looked over by the Agriof the Church, Committee THE PUREX 2-MINUTC '2?&W$f 2?ofe'cultural MY KITCHEN IS information and giving descriptive

PLEASANT SO TAKES PURIFIES SWEETENS OUT REMOVES to the projects. data relative factual

IN TO WORK STAINS DRAIN SINK families should interested work SCORCH All I LEARNED SINCE through their Priesthood quorums in how PUREX the locality in the ward in which they

REMOVES STAINS live, and in turn the quorum officers

STICKINESS, FOOD gather information committees and

FOOD ODORS AND advisory the stake agricultural from IN PARTICLES ALL 1 MINUTES! committee relative to these land opportunities. Thus the information

gathered is made available to all

Church members in this manner.

It is further the counsel of the

General Committee that families should look over these projects and decide for themselves, in counsel with their Priesthood brethren, what might be the best move to make.

Each family should make its own final decision. There have recently

been appointed agricultural advisory

HERE'S ALL YOU DO! Pour a small amount of Purex onto committees in the adjacent areas of

drainboard full strength, and spread with a wet cloth. Wipe the several land projects in the north

drainboards, sink and stove enamel with same cloth. Rinse with and west. These committees are

plain water. Pour a little Purex into drain, and let stand, to listed below with the hope that all

deodorize. Add this final touch to your regular kitchen cleanup interested families who go into the

—do it daily for just one week—and see how much sweeter and areas to look over the land will conbrighter your kitchen is! Get Purex at your grocer's today. tact these brethren for advice and

counsel relative to the opportunities.

These men are acquainted with local conditions and are in a position to give sound advice relative to opportunities. It happens many times

that land agents are overenthusi- astic because of the financial gains PUREX of they by disposing which make THE Y<&c& BLEACH place lands, the wrong and they

Concluded on page 678 AND ALLROUND CLEANSER (

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

YOU WILL BE YOUR OWN DECORATOR WITH ASSURED SUCCESS IN THE

ZtMl Wishmakers House

It's the homemaker's dream come true, with everything from soap dish to furniture beautifully coordinated in color and design, making disharmony impossible, no matter what you select for your home.

Draperies, bedspread, comforter, dressing table, skirt and furniture all harmonized in Wishmaker's Regency.

New worlds of decorating possibilities open up to of the same hue, but form a harmoniously perfect you with the delicately coordinated colors in the contrast to every other color. These tones have been

Wishmaker's House, exclusive at Z C M I in Salt interpreted in graceful, gracious Regency designs,

Lake City. Most revolutionary innovation in home elegantly adapted to the modern home. Come in

furnishings for the past 25 years, Wishmaker brings and see the Wishmaker's House soon... browse

you seven basic colors, each in six graded shades around and enjoy the distinct charm of these colorthat not only blend beautifully with other shades coordinated home furnishings.

Z C M I's Young Homemaker's Center—Third Floor

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

ChtmLidkjL

By LA RENE KING BLEECKER

GETHSEMANE

From a painting by Heinrich Hofmann.

...

TheThenflowerscentedArmistice waschurchessigned.heldAndrequiem.wounded men

Saw days grow into months and months to years,

And Leagues were scraps of paper, inked with fears..

W[o peace on earth when rulers stand alone,

Whose vision sees no glory save their own,

When nations, having failed to see the Star,

Embroil in bitter hates that lead to war;

With egoistic urge for power, they fail

To realize the aftermath. The Grail,

The holy cup of Christ, is filled with tears

Of those who seek but holy peace. The years

Since Jesus walked with men—so dim are they:

Did He not wear a crown of thorns and pray:

"Let this cup pass"?... Our faith, our love renew.,

"Father, forgive them. They know not what they do."

= HhB EDITORS PRGE=

thSL QimfaUlSWXJL &A&SWlJuhcL Jo "J>tfv vsLhili ihjL vdUsl of iPuL SfoucL I&, unlo alt marc'

THE MESSAGES OF

PRESIDENT GRANT To the 111th SemiAnnual Conference of the Church

Following are the remarks treatment I received at

President Heber of J. Grant at the Catholic hospital in

the conferthe fifth opening of ence session Sunday morning: Los Angeles.

I am very thankful for is needless for me to our fine conference, for

ITtell you how grateful the wonderful attendance

I am to be here today. here today, and for the

I missed the conference magnificent body of the six months ago, and I am Priesthood that were tograteful beyond expresgether last night.

sion to all of you good I am thankful beyond people, to the Saints genexpression for the very erally, and to some peowonderful and splendid ple who are not members moving picture that has of our Church for your been made of Brigham and their faith and prayYoung. I have heard

ers in my behalf that I some little criticism of it, should be healed. I am but we cannot expect the

grateful to the doctors people who do not know who so kindly, carefully, that Brigham Young was and energetically, at in very deed the represenhome, and while in Los tative of God upon this

Angeles, gave me the earth, who< do not know benefit of their services. his wonderful character,

I lack the capacity to to tell the story as we express the gratitude and would tell it. We know

thanksgiving in my heart that he was a prophet of for the blessings of the the living God and the

Lord to me and this peorepresentative of the ple. I humbly pray that Lord here upon the earth.

while I am speaking to There is nothing in the you this morning the picture that reflects in any

Spirit of the Lord may be way against our people.

and abide with me. I do PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT—DAILY AT HIS DESK, AND It is a very marvelous and

not expect, however, to ACTIVELYHIS EIGHTYFOURTHDIRECTINGBIRTHDAYTHE AFFAIRSANNIVERSARYOF THE APPROACHES,CHURCH AS wonderful thing, considpreach to you this mornNOVEMBER 22, 1940. (SEE ALSO PAGE 672.) ering how people genering; I simply desire to exally have treated us and

press my gratitude to the Lord, and I expect to what they have thought of us. Of course there are

have the pleasure this afternoon, as my doctor, many things in the picture that are not strictly

Silas Smith, consented that I may speak again, at correct, and that is announced in the picture itself.

the close of the conference. It is, of course, a picture, and we could not hope

I am grateful to my friends in California, to my that they would make a picture at their expense, relatives and to my railroad, banking and insurance running into a couple of million dollars, to be just friends, to Mr. Chandler of the Los Angeles Times, as we would like it.

and to all of the officials of the Church in California, We know that Brigham Young was a powerful because of their fine attention to me and their inand wonderful man, the greatest man of his day, terest in my welfare. I am grateful for the fine and one of the great things (Continued on page 700)

Our lands,—

fields, our OUR HARVEST

By PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

Of the First Presidency his eloquent oration on the PioInneers last July, President Bryant

S. Hinckley read the following

statements made by Brigham Young j ""\X7hy should the Lord bless the land we do not farm?

Talk about these rich valleys, why there Why should He give us water for that land we are is not another people on earth that could have come here and lived. We prayed not using? Why should He give us crops when we do not

land,over the and dedicated it and the plant? Why should He bless us with His blessings when air,water, pertaining to them and everything

the smiles Lord,unto the and of heaven our reliance is put not in Him, but on government gratuities rested productive, land and on the it became and today it yields the best of grain, fruit, for not working, for not farming, for not doing the things vegetables. never has beenand There

a land that that have been man's allotted part since adam was driven from the days... of Adam until now

this blessed land thanhas been more has from the Garden?"in blessed Fatherbeen and Heaven; by our

it will be blessed more and more if we are faithful and humble and thankful to God for the wheat and corn, the oats, the fruit, the vegetables, the cattle, and everything us, try bestows and to use them uponHe for the building of His up kingdom on fifty years of this will almost return government gratuities for not workearth. us to the desert. ing, for not farming, for not doing

Again quoting Brother Brigham: the things that have been man's al-

I can remember, and so can all you lotted part since Adam was driven older Brethren and Sisters, when our You inquire if we shall stay in these from the Garden?

I yes, long as answer as we of their mountains. heydaylands were in the cannot with The Lord be pleased

please will the of to do Father our Godproductivity. can remember in shiftless idleness; those deof us in We heaven. are pleased turn to If we away

when the snow drifted deep in the from the holy commandments of the Lord fault must mend their ways.

mountain gorges, when the runoffs Jesus Christ, as ancient Israel did, every The tragedy of all this is that the turning to shall be way, man his own weof the springtime our streams made innocent as at must always suffer, scattered peeled, before driven and our torrents thatrushing watered our least in part, the that punishments until enemies learn to persecuted and we lands and spread out upon them the remember the Lord our God and are willing afflict the guilty. The rain falls on

rich fertilizing sediments from the to walk in His ways. the unjust as upon the just, and the

mountains, when our farmers and lands of the just parch as do those stockmen were prosperous, when we There are other enemies than huof the unjust. Yet God will not formerited the symbol adopted for the man persecutors. We can be our get them who serve Him and keep

State—a busy hive of industry own worst enemies, and drive ourHis commandments. Their reward

when our homes and fences and selves away from our most cherished is sure, in their happiness, in their barns and corrals were in repair, possessions. blessings of contentment, of health,

when our farmers'words were as Would we not better pray again of the consciousness of a life well good as their bonds, and both were over this land and the air and the lived, in their salvation and exalta-

A-l. water and everything pertaining to tion.... Our fathers and grandThe oldtime snows have not been them? Would we not better turn our fathers, our mothers and grandfalling in the mountains for many reliance to our own efforts and their mothers were fashioned in heroic

years. Our farms are rundown, fruits as blessed by the Lord? Why moulds; they were built of the virtues

many acres of them are idle, our should the Lord bless the land we do that make mighty empires. It is not

fences and barns and corrals are fallnot farm? Why should He give us too much to hope and pray that we

ing down, our homes are unpainted, water for that land we are not using? of our day may measure to their

the roofs leak, our streets are full of Why should He give us crops when stature. From a message to the enweeds, too many of our meeting we do not plant? Why should He tire Church, delivered at the opening

houses are shabby, we look too much bless us with His blessings when our session of the 111 t/z SemiAnnual like idling ne'erdo-wells. Another reliance is put not in Him but on Conference, October 4, 1940.

Essentials of A BETTER WORLD By PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

Of the First Presidency

"Jhi JdngdojfL jcojwl. Jhi wilL

PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY bsL dofUL in. sw/dJv, a6uiLiA.irL

in Discard Fundamentals nearly centuries twenty milFor lions of Christians have prayed EDITOR'S NOTE in Tf, spirit the charity, of say we for the coming the of Kingdom delivered the on "Church A ddress that misguided have brought men of for God, and than more twenty -** the of Air"Station over Radio all this their about desire because of the and nationwide centuries millions Columbia KSL of perpeople have still for better a the fact government, Broadcasting th the 111 during System sistently rejected the inconditions is civilization that remains encomSemi-Annual the Conference of dispensable to the realization of this passed by social upheavals that Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday in the Salt Lake Tabernacle, era of peace and brotherly kindness. threaten to divert if not entirely to Saints,

morning, Sunday October 6, 1940,

Even though the essentials for a thwart the progress and happiness at 11 a. m. mountain standard time.

the of present generation. better not world have generally been

is passing Humanity through one accepted, yet mankind has ever its of crucial most experiences. We striven for a living. better of way in the are midst of a revolution both losing part of the precious heritage In every progressive of the age

life. of thought of Beliefs and mode for which ancestors our fought and history, world's thinking people have of parents are ideals questioned; old lives. their gave liberty, Human dissatisfied been their with current

in are the discard. Communism, democracy, parliamentary governsocial conditions, and economic and Naziism, totalitarianism Fascism ment,—freedom of speech, tolerance, for sought have remedial changes.

giving birth to concepnew in important parts of—are their of hopedfor Utopias,Many faith—these tions strike that relentlessly at bethe exist. ceased to world have however, inspired though they have

teachings that liefs and were acAutocracy dictatorships and are to action, havemen only as ended dreams and phantasies. cepted a decade ago as fundamental demanding men's allegiance. Politand unassailable. "Under the inical institutions are cracking ominIn response to this urge for fluence of a science as superficial as ously. Democratic government is

change, the twentieth century is no proud,"writes M. Paul Gaultier, a fighting for its life."

publicistexception. Indeed, of France, "old during the last leading bethese distracting condiTo climax

fifty ridicule, years, into liefs have been turned witnessed people have tions, all war, with its attendant horgreater political is treated unrest, stuconscience as a more superstirors, is sweeping the earth as a deas prejudice. tion, and honestypendous upheavals a than have probvastating conflagration, leaving

Selfinterestably in occurred length of alone remains as in the same a its wake only ashes, agony, and motive,time in the history and pleasure of the as the sole world. end death.

life. of too evil For monarchies peopleEuropean been have many Truly, the time perhas as come

in consists not infringing rising socialoverthrown, laws, the out of and haps never before should when men in getting but caught. dicruins themonarchial Morality have and come counsel together, in and dewisdom figure in their in dutytatorship the proletariat of eyes as Russia, so many termine the world how be made may prejudices in Italy, of fashion, out Fascistthe vesthe regime and Nazi better a in place live. to which

rule in Germany, and the Fascist tiges of centuries gone by."

form of government in Spain. Granting the severity of this arThe Perfect Guide

Democracy, as exemplified in Great raignment, the fact still remains that

Britain and her dominions, and in the moral and religious skepticism is too HPo achieve this desired end, the

United States, has successfully withgenerally apparent, and political first and most important step is stood the battling horrors of one chicanery, fraud, and civic unrightto choose as leader one whose leaderWorld War, and now, after only a eousness all too common. ship is infallible, whose teachings

quarter of a century, is again either In the words of an assistant Secwhen practiced have never failed. In

actually participating in or standing retary of State: "We seem to be the present tempestuous sea of unon the brink of a second devastating slipping backward in the long march certainty, the Pilot must be one who

conflict. of progress. We are in danger of (Continued on page 694)

IS THE MEANING OFWHAT

URIM AND THUMMIM?

careful survey of the avail- (fold, d(ow (Did. ihsL

able literature clearly demonstrates that modern invesQjtdJhjumsmL JundJon,? to explain are unableAtigators

satisfactorily the nature of certain sacred instruments used by the seers:.'";::...:

and prophets of ancient Israel. By DR. SIDNEY B.SPERRY

Adolphe Lods, Professor at the Brigham Young University

Sorbonne in Paris, sums up the situation when he says, "The nature of the ephod, the teraphim, and the Holy Priesthood. Put in another

the to find way, problem is our is, in fact, an thumtnim,urim and 1 "spells,"of equivalent prophetic matter."controversialobscure and

While still in a quandary as to the "charms,"or "incantations."Perexact nature of the ephod and the haps one of the best illustrations of

teraphim, the Mormon people can the prophetic idea is to be found in claim, thanks to the Prophet Joseph the Revelation of St. John, chapter

Smith, to know some definite facts one, verse ten, where the beloved pertaining to the nature and use of Apostle says, in accordance with the Urim and Thummim. The literMoffatt's rendering, "On the Lord's

ature of the Church is replete with day I found myself rapt in the references to the subject, as the carespirit."In this instance the Greek

is the word ful student is fully aware. We shall equivalent of "spirit"

not review it here. But there are pneuma which in the New Testatwo very interesting problems in rement nearly always refers to superlation to the instrument that the natural influences acting on man

Prophet did not clear up for us. The from without. The reader will also

first is primarily a linguistic problem find it profitable to review carefully since it has to do with the meaning the third chapter of the Book of of the name, urim and thummim; Abraham. So far as the writer can

the second is theological in nature determine all of the interesting matand deals with the manner in which ter in this chapter was given to Abthe instrument functioned. The reus to give many convincing explanaraham by means of the urim and

( see verses one and four sources of modern linguistic science tions of hitherto difficult and uncerthummim may point the way to a solution of tain points. Assyrian and Babyincluding the extraordinary happenthe first problem, but only a seer lonian are both closely related to ings mentioned in verses eleven and

twelve. could fact, scholar used one give us a complete answer to Hebrew—in

Lord, talked with the I, Abraham, Thus second.the hearing "the to call them in my talketh face to face, with as one man The meaning usually assigned by grandparents of Hebrew."We ought other; and he told me of the works whichanscholars to urim and thummim is not, therefore, to be surprised if cerhis hands had made; and he said unto me:

stretched his son, son, (and hand was my My Perfections."But "Lights and the tain to us words obscure in Hebrew

all I will these. out) behold you show And assigned is far from thusmeaning are readily the aid explained with

... his eyes. he put mine hand upon

being satisfactory to the inquiring of these other languages.

mind. It adds little, if anything, to Assyrian contains a word uru While enjoying this marvelous

our knowledge of the sacred instru- "to give an oracle"; the latter in experience, Abraham was undoubtment and its functions. The results turn clearly explains the urim of edly in an exalted condition. In both

of modern research in the Biblical the Hebrew. Urim, then, means cases, in fact, John and Abraham

languages now enable us, however, "prophecies"or "revelations."These must have been in a rapturous state

to give a much more satisfactory are very satisfactory meanings and in which they were oblivious to their explanation of the name. are in close accord with facts relatimmediate external surroundings.

Acting on a suggestion of one of ing to the instrument as understood This condition would be the promy former teachers, Professor G. R. by the Church, The word thummim phetic equivalent of the pagan

Driver of Oxford University, I turn is a little more difficult to handle. It "spells,""charms,"or "incantations"

to the Assyrian and Babylonian is probably connected with the Babyreferred to above. It is difficult to

that single English acwords in requisite informafor thelanguages speak,""to find lonian verb tamu "to spiritual state curately the express of Assyrian, study tion. 2 Close "to charm."swear,"In another form

Sumerian, and Babylonian is achievthis verb appears as tummu "to cast described. The word "manifestaing splendid results in the field of a spell upon,""to bewitch"a person. tions"may be the one we want.

Old Testament research and enables These meanings give some trouble, "Visions"may be another close to ldolphe Lods, Israel, translated by S. H. Hooke, for to be of use to us we shall have the point.

Knopf, 301. Alfred York, 1932. p. H. New

Driver, R. G. 2See Modern Study of the to translate them from their pagan ur urim and thummim therefore "The

in ed. Language,"People the Book, and Hebrew The that into plural a connotations noun maniand O means "revelations ff. Press, University 90 A. S. Oxford by Peake, pp.

is the spirit of the compatible with (Continued on 1925. 690) page

IS THE FRONTIER CLOSED?

By h,frontier—thefor the daysdays ofof freethe CARLTON

land, of open opportunity!""G CULMSEE

For more than half a century a Directory Extension the growing been on cloud has Division, Brigham

It idea is the horizon.American Young University left beStates has thethat United

hind her heroic youth, that she must maturity. herself to a grimresign Tyler's Narratives of Early Virginia desince the Especially postwar diseases us that climatic informs

bacle, many persons have longed killed four out of five of the workers for the bygone era when the finanin the fields during their first yearcially hardpressed could tramp here. forth stake into wilderness the and at Plyrecall pioneers the Next, soil. virgin courseout a claim on Of first terrible winter that and mouth in brightthere are our beams their half lost company. they nawhentional the thought, vapors but dark climate, a sea, a bleak stormy A disillusionmentof pessimism and Insoil, of lurking hordes grudging

thickening beenhave apparently of the Pilwere some since 1880,ever when the Indeed, Henry dians—thesegrims'opportunities.

of free the passing bewailedGeorge frontier story is a of the old history to the hardly Indian tribes. But had

in his Poverty.land Progress and litfor usually labor this military erected of severe barrier done been

of people Large numbers young return, of frequent borthe tle or no financial than undermined by it was atarriving age working nowadays of life, sacrifice of pleasure or even restless covcourage dermen's and feel oppressed by a sense of frusof battles lost as well as won, of etousness. It collapsed. Beyond,

tration and helplessness. Not inobstacles battered down at tremenhowever, lay the more formidable

frequently they voice indignant dous cost. Rarely was the true pioobstacle of fifteen hundred miles of

criticism of the generation,""older to a jolly plains neer able mountains. to sit down and dry and Unlife orthe "system,"resourcof natural in general. lavish barbecue of daunted, Oregonbound bands

Commonly they believe that the es. Time after time, to the weakbackwoodsmen began scrambling

frontier meant opportunity, and that willed and selfpitying, the frontier over that broad barrier in the early the "closing"of the frontier meant must have appeared closed by difforties, the end of buoyant freedom and ficulties and dangers.

to succeed. chancesunimpeded offrontier the did a Pioneers Sometimes was the Mormon HThen

is Now, actually, half the frontier ficially of In the first closed. thing: astonishing truly Theyclosed? the century, eighteenth French the of this vast of expanse conceived

Yes, in a way; it has always been attempted to hem in the English arid and semiarid plain and mounclosed to persons who lacked physicolonies between the Alleghanies tain, not as something to fear and

cal and spiritual energy and courand the Atlantic. The colonists and shun, but as a splendid opportunity:

age. the British government broke the and they established themselves in

To grasp the significance of this grip of France in a long, destructive the very heart of it. What kind

idea let us see what the frontier has war. But no sooner was the frontier of physical advantages, natural remeant at certain critical stages of thus opened than it was closed sources, did Utah offer the Latterour history, and what it means toagain: in the Proclamation of 1763, day Saints in the forties? Look at

day. First, let us consider our earlithe British forbade their own colthe ninetyfive per cent of Utah that

est frontiersmen, the English adonists to go westward beyond a lies untilled today, and you will venturers who settled Jamestown certain line. One reason why the gain a rough idea of how promising

exactly three hundred thirtythree colonists fought for independence, the intermountain country appeared years ago. They stood on the rim according to some historians, was to hungry wanderers in the middle

of prodigious, virtually untouched to reopen the frontier. of the nineteenth century. For anypotentialities. Did anyone ever face Again, the frontier was officially one but the sturdy of spirit this

greater opportunities? Perhaps not. closed in the second quarter of the frontier must have appeared closed

Nevertheless, the frontier was nineteenth century. The young by deficient rainfall. The Mormons

closed to most of those pioneers United States set up a line of Indian came at a time when the idea of irclosed by starvation, by malaria, by posts from Green Bay on Lake rigation was fantastic, if not rihostile Indians. Talk of the poor Michigan to the Red River in the diculous, to most AngloAmericans.

man's privilege of coming to early south, and gave the socalled Great They came to a land of aridity and

America and making his fortune! American Desert west of this line {Continued on page 688)

BEGINNING...

OhhitL (P&d&L ftockwsdL Chapter I. "Old Port."By NICHOLAS

7""1 buckboard, drawn by a pair L of tired, galloping thoroughVAN ALFEN

JL L breds, came swinging up the Weber Seminary road in a cloud of dust. The lone

occupant appeared perfectly at ease

I spurs, his saw and huge reins. the The overhanging as handled he his from peeping revolvers of handles two

firmly his long breeze held beard little a already forehead blouse. His was

against his buckskin shirt, while he bald, and he wore his long grizzly locks leaned forward as if to urge his after the ancient fashion of the United horses to a greater effort. Any ofStates,the plaitedneck; andhis gatheredbrow puckeredup at the napewith

woman would have been proud to frowning wrinkles, contrasted curiously have his hair, which would have with his cool, determined grey eyes, jolly reached far below his shoulders, but red face, welltouched up with "paint,"this man kept it braided and coiled andhad histhe laughingmanner ofgoodhumoreda jovial, reckless,mouth.devilHe

in a bob at the back of his head. maycare English ruffian. The officers

He DresPTiflvwhirld Vu'c t*>am into called him Porter, and preferred him to the will villains""slimy who the of a ranch barnyard by the road- 3 drink with a man him. then murder side. the horses were and Hurriedly ORRIN PORTER ROCKWELL AS

HE APPEARED IN LATER LIFE freed and two others taken from the Of all the picturesque figures of earlycorral. They were slender, fleet days none is a more fascinating subject for

write, to or read Rockwell. Unable

natsilent, PREFACE animalsturned loose.of the Soonsame thecalibreman'sas thoseprescharacterPortersuperstitious,study than the noted scout, Orrin a morose, he was

his instincts and uralborn manhunter, all to the dessuitedDorter Rockwell has undoubtencediatelywasreceivednoticedhelpandin harnessinghe immefaculties preeminently greatly misrepresented edly been criminals. of running down game

in past. the build slight one seems somewhat and was of No... He

his gesture every yet to have tionsthe eagerwere team.asked, becauseNot manythe buckques- sallowperate complexion, to investigateseriously attempted board soon whisked was away enand wiry strength tremendous up denotedbeneath the superficial anecdotes eyeBesides, shaggy road. durance. everyone the dusty His low forehead,

that are in circulation about this knew that the questions for which brows, and nonetoo-handsome features aboriginal his as are not, anecdotes aman. These appearance somewhat gave time soon be would no there was firm the corhis aspect, eyes but and good in nature, but defaminga whole, answered, Porter Rockwell because principle of his ners of marks were mouth public, to mislead tend thethey and hair his got character. long grey was His and always man. a few Within

into insight the real naan honest tightly pinned braided up in a and days the Deseret News printed this worn his head.* plait impossible ofture of the unless compact at the back man is notice:

all the facts are known.

figure height, of His middle and very was colorful picturesque a before to press was going and Caught He strongly across the shoulders, broad made; him—just

intelligence received of of the capture we result, sensacharacter. the a As legs. set the squarely His and on arm was

of the Swett. captured murderer He girth, histional large barrel, of as a chest has round element overshadowed was1 yesterday P. Rockwell! O. by his as powerful and looked as a hand It real tothe man. comseems be

mon knowledge that his hair was Yes, this was Orrin Porter Rocktype,grizzlyandbear's.its expression,His face wasfidelity,of thefearlessmastiff

long, that he was quick on the trigwell "after his man.""Old Port,"ness, ferocity. A man with a massive lower

ger, and that he used liquor in later as he was fond of calling himself, jaw, firm mouth, and goodhumored but years. But few realize that within scout, pioneer, frontiersman: advensteady and searching eyes of steelblue.5

the bosom of that man was a source turous, hardy, and fearless. Sheriff He is a man without much education, and

of loyalty, honesty, and friendship Rockwell when in pursuit of a crimof very ordinary intelligence, but at the that few men possessed. Few have inal used a buckboard, when he same time extremely amiable and polite,

exceedingly with distinguished graceful and theirserved fellow and more men fleet could, a pair of his by drawn manners. has look, imposing an with He less of thoughtwith reward. There relayed about horses which were it, is of the aristocratic a in dash which

2 living that the Prophetwas no man also fair, in perceptible his small, plump, miles. or and twentyfive every twenty

Joseph Smith trusted more than he In the minds of the old pioneers, wellmade hands.

did Porter Rockwell. The latter Rockwell ranged all the way from

would have gratefully given his life five feet nine inches to six feet in Cays Caroline Lamb Slack of

I refor that of his Prophet. height, and from one hundred forty Toquerville, Utah Yes,

This is a summary of his life and pounds to one hundred eighty member Porter Rockwell; he gener-

a portrayal of his character. The pounds. Here are some of the de- (Continued on page 683)

sources are meager, but the writer scriptions given of this man: Robert F. Burton, The City of the Saints, p. 449.

has tried to be impartial in putting New York, Harper and Brothers Co., 1862.

the scraps together. Authenticated Porter Rockwell was a man about fifty, 24,4Glynn1924. Bennion,Also, Adventure,The Salt 1922.Lake Tribune, February

available material has been used tall and strong, with ample leather leggings 353.5FitzNewHughYork;Ludlow,HurdTheandHeartHoughtonof the Co.,Continent,1870. p.

Friday, 18, Deseret 6Jules December News, Julius Brenchly, and Remy Towhether A journey it is favorable to Rockwell

Everett, Springville, F. 2John 1935. Utah, City, Salt London; Lake Vol. 2, pp. 314315. 1869. A perGreat not.or sonal friend of Rockwell. Jeffs, 1861. W.

p,olly Bradford stood on the top step, drawing on her gloves. Hardly anyone else in WOMAN'S

Cedar Springs bothered to put on dressup gloves when they went into town, but Polly, thought Grandma, PLACE would do what she considered the A story in which Thanksgiving proper thing if she were in the wilds dinner comes 'round again—but not of Timbuctoo. From the tip of the

single quill on her felt hat to her uneventfully.

medium high heels she typified what the correctly should dressed woman By MABEL HARMER tour. shopping on an afternoon wear

drive "I'm having down me Jim Polly was going to see that she got for things,"saying. Polly a few was

it. like?''"Is there anything you would this matter of the Polly Now there was This mere formula was and dinner For tomorrow. Thanksgiving

it did. as well as knew Grandma

fifty Ellen BEFORE KITCHEN REACH SHE DOOR COULD years been THE had Grandma rare the her shoppingDoing on own HAPPENED. SHE HAD THROUGH KNEW WHAT for dinner cooking a Thanksgiving KITCHEN THE A TERRIFYING SHONE WINDOW really occasions she needed when GLOW. first old, in the Bradfords young and

tasks the anything of few one was in big log the then old and house left to older the one and woman if a older year than she was, built she that she house and had Jim that relinquished not have she would it right, but perhaps remembered after the struggled through they had love, for fur cape. a or money, new for cease necessary wasn't to a to prosperity. years bighard man The idle in crocheting lap lay her Her all in activity the to order maintain flock gest of the turkey always was Polly as the she walk watched down honor. family her picked dinner. their She up for saved own And

to steps the the path around and! distastefully. crocheting again that the other dressing dressing A No car, efficiency in briskwaiting every this for fingers substitute poor tasted ever her was she equaled had had

she made.move yearning to be making that were toasted unin the oven Ellen Bradford own—bread dislike didn't her daughterin-law; pies. spice cookies and mincemeat and delicately browntil it was crisp

contrary, liked the adsheon and ed, the grinder then put through still sitting the porch She was on but her verymired envied she much, the the with moistened broth and Polly from returned and when Jim other than she personher more any in. giblets been cooked had Just 'with in antiladen packages town her envied because sheknew. She right sage, of the onion, and amounts festivities. cipation of the morrow's fortynine, at that age only andwas giblets. family minced would The to sorry said so late,""I'm Polbe all entitled the to were dowomen difference in certainly notice the the ly, into pausing the her on way to. they wantedwork dressing sure of tomorrow, she was all house. everything been "Has people, great Ellen admany A that. right?"crochethermitted she picked as up such she had always Then made

ing again, would be completely happiles of spice cookies, molasses her- "Everything,"Grandma returned if all crisply. in place. that her they Polly were suppose Didpy pies. Polly She mits, mince and pumpkin

front if she nothing lovely bedroom, runhad a the hens would away her to hadn't allowed even make sit forto of her except a couple with her needlework back do this that turned year; said mincemeat had

porch, theor front reading hours? sunny on just store the from would some do

all, "I'll to best getand, quickly of she going as as supper was on It her, well. for as true but might a

I life rest to her the of can,"said Polly, able started onbe as spend she difnotice the Bradford soon would older beloved the the I believe farm that again,on where had "and you there ference nearly would be and

It's bride. in. to her as a brought get beginning had comeJim sitting thirty at the better of them down

his her wife cool."Persuading son and table Polly tomorrow. Right now,

to give up their own place and come should have been out in the kitchen Grandma drew her shawl about live after sat death her for with a shoulders herto Jim's few and more sifters, rollingflour surrounded by tell she could only to the have goingwas was way Nobody of minutes. pins, instead kneading boards and

it this. to in the Otherwise to time her do gomanaged when it was off gallivanting to buy downtown

it to turn necessary too been house. have grewwould sundown At rightfully that be things should

strangers chilly to to over so longer and go shethe farm stay out any kitchenmade.

live. else to into things it was her picked No, wentsomewhere up and to get in she glad be would How if this Pollybetter even had way, the house.

if herself daughteronly her do it and insisted upon taking over the comin-law wasn't so firmly convinced "I was just coming to call you,"plete management of the entire house that, at her age, a woman's place was said Polly. "I've hurried a bite on

place the a retiring her the to by that meet backand so can go and we place in kitchen. the not woman's A infireside the porch winter the train. o'clock that and eight I wish we if that age, at in the kitchen any was

in will only she the summer. be was car take the but could you, And to be, accordshe wanted where was for is it anyetseventy-two good and as with and Ruby crowded ideas. Ellen's to ing own

if years'she only to work, tenother children, the not and two Joseph could get a chance to do it—but Polly mention their luggage. I do hope

thought that it didn't look right for uhe looked over to the the train is on time. We're going

a woman of her age to be working. lower field where Dave Jenkins was to be late getting back."

She had earned a good rest, and doing the fall plowing. Dave was (Continued on page 683)

MEN By JACK SEARS

Anyone who is jealous of a youngster on the way up and refuses a helping hand, is not really a big man.

MY contact with so many young coached, and encouraged by someSTERFROM WHOSOMEWHEREWILL NOTTHERESTAY APPEARSPUT—WHOA YOUNGINSISTS

INpeople, I have become greatly one in the know of knowing. The ON BEING HEARD.

interested in watching the attipublic hears nothing about the tude of big men towards those youth's advisers. Many times I have HpHE great men who grow and deyoungsters who will not stay put investigated a rising star's source of velop year after year, and as they

who insist on being heard. knowledge, and invariably there is grow, give out help to others, build

The test of a real man, no matter some gifted person guiding this for themselves a noble background.

is jealous of a younghow his public rates him, comes when youngster whom the public acAnyone who some youngster pops up right out claims a wonder. helpingster on handthe wayto youthup andis notrefusesreally aa

of a clear sky to do great things. A truly big man enjoys the sucbig man. No matter how important

The public gasps, asks who this newcess of others as well as his own a man may think himself, no man is comer is and where he came from, really great who will not recognize and wants to know all about him. in others a right to develop.

The great test of the big man in One very capable artist once my opinion is when this youngster is criticized me severely for establishin direct competition with his own ing an art school where a staff of line, backed by youth, enthusiasm, capable artists, each one the best and talent, as against the big man's obtainable, taught a class of aspirwisdom, a sound background, and ing young people. This artist conde- school that would tended myyears of accumulated knowledge.

artists all estabtoo velop and many

I have watched several young fellished artists would suffer. I gave

lows rise and have given the matter it as my opinion that if his ideas careful thought of late, and my conwere maintained in all lines of enclusions are that whenever you hear deavor, we should not have univerof some livewire youngster burstsities or any other institutions to ing forth to do his stuff, you can rest develop the young. There would be

enthuthe fire progress, and and noassured he has been discovered, its ideas with of youth and siasm BEHIND HIM THERE IS THE GUIDING HAND

OF SOME GENIUS ideals would perish from the earth.

No new talent and enthusiasm would success. A real man in any line will be created to take the place of those

give his valuable time in helping who naturally step out of the picture.

others truly to be themselves—helps

them to arrive at the top of the peak. I reminded this man that I personally knew he had been helped in

I have seen so many people who his youth over the rough places and represent different professions, who had been encouraged to push ahead.

seem to think no one else can do I told him that art schools alone do anything worth while except themnot produce artists—they only guide

selves, and who will take a rap at them aright and help them, through any youngster who sticks his head study, to find themselves; that a real

above the horizon. artist, whether old or young, cannot

be held down or his art ardor killed George Arliss, a gifted actor, no matter what happens.

never surrounds himself with a lot of mediocre and weak actors and acYouth have had and can continue tresses. Arliss demands each role to have any and all of my knowlbe filled by the most gifted player edge, if they consider my opinion

to be obtained. I have never seen a worth anything to them. I am detime in Arliss'career of about thirty lighted if I can assist in developing

years when anyone has stolen the youngsters who sincerely reach outTHE PUBLIC HEARS NOTHING ABOUT THEYOUTH'S ADVISERS. show from him. for success.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

.:.:.:.V,: - -,:-yy,\-y- --y y-::-yyyyy:'yy-y. <y--y Sl'-I y-:- JJtlL

$halL U)sl So HERITAGE OF HUNGRY? A VITAL QUESTION ANSWERED NEARLY FREEDOM

A CENTURY AGO BY A PROPHET OF By JUDGE DANIEL the Lord—Heber C. Kimball. HEBER C. KIMBALL HARRINGTON

Selected from his sermons INhourthis whenday andindividualin this discounted is being and years ago HeberEightyfour quarters, C. By WESTON N. freedomeven derided in many timethe Kimball spoke upon

in our couneven own when saving liness of grain and other N O R D G R E N andtry, resentments national race andfoodstuffs. said: He unwisely greatly are being and

The present is a peculiar time: Many do that; but it is a pretty difficult position fostered, it is wise that we recur

people are frightened at their condition. to be placed in. When we attempt to draw to the priceless gifts of our her-

... If you will reflect for one moment, you the line of distinction between right and itage and rekindle our faith in this

will remember that the scenery we are now wrong, it is unpleasant to have individuals gift of freedom.

liepassing of for will than predicted through more a pound was among us who Orville In 1870, one Dewey, in

If this individuals past.three years people such obflour. had know we When

finest ever apostrophes the is of itserved flour to right the for to counsel that give them? No, to them given was me

from time to time, would any of you have it is not right for me to give it to any one, uttered to liberty, in speaking of been placed in the straitened circumstances only in exchange for something else, except some of the obligations of freeyou are in this day? No, you would not. under certain circumstances. dom said:

I live in will prosper, Brother myself, and with Brigham you and know When the leadingleaves a people When in of Salt thea the this peace fortyone mountains into Great hundred and men, came authority, prescriptive strings of andvalley independent. perfectly nearly nine years be Lake, ago, proclaimed and he You

enters the of freedom, ground upon thisthe will raiment, propriety of their food people's houses laying and have and up fenced that law; with ground be mustgrain for flocks lands, to herds, everything a time scarcity, of your a time come, and and

it it tilled wisdom; with be must is that in desire that there heart time has saidand come. can there and heaven would He prayer. be with hallowed must The it if told. earth, a arebe time but as the of on do would when you you be one

justice, free tribunal of school, the the it isgreatest for of grain: of this for blessings temporal care your people Take

built there, to holy church must beto silver. to in their have gold storehouses. worth than wheat more and you You

to intrench, the defend, to keep and will beforehave harder times see that been beforehand, warned you and I know by heritage. sacredrevelation this harvest another than from seen through have Smith, you Joseph God

and afterward through Brigham Young, season. Do you believe it? Did they beFurther on in this great aposwho is our prophet; you have been warned, lieve it last year, when there were fifteen trophe this gifted author, in ringintime time the Tithing again, bushels and thousand to take care of of wheat your

grain. future In said ing sentences, says: build Office? Brother Brigham yourselves No. good When

storehouses and save your grain for a time the same thing last spring, to stir up the Ah! instead of madly delighting

of famine, and sickness, and death upon the people to be careful of their grain, they said, in his freedom, I could imagine a nations of the wicked (to get rid of the evil "Oh, no, Brother Brigham, we cannot surely man to protest, to complain, to doers). I have noticed these predictions. come to such a scarcity as you foretell—tremble that such a tremendous pre-

I have reflected upon them ever since they look at the storehouse—it is full."How rogative is accorded to him. But

were told us. much was there in the storehouse this it is accorded to him; and nothing

There will not many calamities come harvest? There is not one bushel of grain but willing obedience can discharge

upon the nations of the earth until this of any kind, and I do not know that there that solemn trust; nothing but heroism

people first feel their effects, and when hard will be. greater than that which fights battimes commence they will begin at the tles, and pours out its blood on its

this: sisters, at heroism of selfpleaseHouse and look people where the of God have BRETHREN country's altar—the

assembled renunciation together... according I and selfcontrol. to truth. the the comyou You know am telling

mandments of the Almighty. We have There is enough, and we need never want Come the liberty that shall strike. off..

got to feel the effects of these things, and if bread; but if we do not take the right course, every chain, not only of iron, and

we do so patiently it will be good for us. we are sure to see sorrow, and the greatest ironlaw, but of painful constriction,

No serious loss or injury will arise from you have ever seen. Those who were of fear, of enslaving passion, of mad

calamities, if we do as we are told. never without bread, and clothing, and selfwill; the liberty of perfect truth

and love, of holy faith and glad obeto dwell in, houses the worst; murmur good Spirit has heart been all the The in my

those never any troubles and dience! had whotime, the I laid and drought when came up and

trials this in since or they Church, wereall I the that in could get mill wheat by my this faith"This "holy "glad and earth, the they are have the on beentoil, it never of and used for or since horses any kept should obedience"be warm to complain. ready mostcattle, it to but kept feed laborers and my in clear hearts in our our and I family. it until dealt have outmy now

If these minds. ideals ennobling all the read so. prophets: they and say it Go I nearlyI have up, used not and have

sold it for money... but I have let my Don't be frightened; I tell you it will come; are carried out and acted upon,

brethren have it, and kept it to sustain my and it would be better for you to believe they will tend continually to make family. it and go and make calculations accordus more appreciative of our freeingly. Shall to ever brought be want? all we take course, Let in such a future and its in earnest defense. dom, more

if I tell religion, live our never you, weraise we of grain an abundance and save ourwill his then, in as Dewey Weselves the will shall. from dilemma which we great out, repoints masterpiece

fall It into.otherwise for is necessary you

this heritage, not gard only as ato understand things, these and comprehend will this will land, redeem and we We eterthe gift but as a bond, with Iand for wish to understand this children you the them yourland, the of save and Conselves—I can only act for one. When I stitution of the United States; and we will nal verities of justice and right.

lay up grain and others do not, I cannot bring about the restitution of the House of Whether we are nativeborn or let them starve to death—it is not in me to Israel. (Concluded on next page)

YOUNG PEOPLE OFFERED $250 IN PRIZES FOR ESSAYS MARTIN ON LIQUOR'"Pwo hundred fifty dollars in cash HARRIS of each $100, $50, prizes—one

ten be Rrom the life and letters$25, $15, $10, and of $5—will

given to high school students, and any of Charles Butler others under eighteen years of age, who write the best fourhundred-word esBy FRANCIS subjects: following of thesays one on

that intoxicatHOVEY STODDARD "I believe the use of ( 1 ) ing liquor is as harmful as is taught in high school and in Sunday School."

(2) "I do not believe that the use of Charles Butler lived from 1802 contemporary on the liquorintoxicating is as harmful to 1897—a as is taught MARTIN HARRIS

of the early leaders scene Americanin high school School."and in Sunday

To write intelligently you should know of the Church of Jesus Christ of and summarize briefly what you are being was in the early part of its beneLatter-day Saints. He was an emifinancier, lawyer, nent and American alcohol.taught about then should ficent You that service the to farmers IT in philanthropist, the active developweigh observation experience your and the for Trust which Company in railroads, of western and ment theseagainst teachings. Butler] [Charles ophe acted an had institueducational charitable and you! about obLook have you What portunity rarely financial to given a tions, the the of founder being Union health alcohol? about and Happiinstitution. the life It might been have Seminary. His and Theologicalness—Longserved Life—Social Success—Employletters of the a subject of printing were of Bible book a beby means andment—Home Life—School Days—Social published Stoddard, Francis Hovey religion. for sponsor coming all aEvents. in alcohol does play new What

of these? How about the machine age One morning in 1 830 as Mr. Butler enby Scribner's in 1903, and it is from

that the quote, with this work weauto accidents all the splitsecond and office, full the actered usually of found this publisher, the expermission oftivities of fastmoving world? our loans, seeking farmers a respecthe met interof cerpt account giving an an

is offer above The by the citizen, made able of PalHarris one Martin Harris. with Martin view

American Business Men's Research myra, who brought him letters of comFoundation, 111 West Jackson Blvd., mendation from a person of repute in

Chicago, Illinois, to whom all essays his town and desired a loan of thirteen mon, the son of Omni. Joseph Smith

should be sent on or before November hundred dollars. Since the building had gone, said Mr. Harris, and there

30, 1940. up of the communities was very much he found the golden plates, thin tablets

Surely there should be some prize at heart with him, it was Mr. Butler's about eight inches long by seven wide,

winners among L. D. S. boys and girls custom never to advise a loan unless the bound together by three rings, engraved

writing on topic number one. Joseph applicant could give proof of good on each side in hieroglyphics in a dia-

F. Merrill. habits, character, and capacity, and also lect of ancient Egyptian, not then

a worthy purpose for which the money known upon the earth. With these

of the plates the angel had Lord desired. began and { was So a catechism The Heritage also find the to Smith helped until satisfaction Joseph on to complete went

the last question was propounded. Urim and Thummim, the two transof Freedom With much hesitation the farmer adparent stones in silver bows, through

(Concluded from preceding page) mitted that he wanted the money to which Smith, the inspired prophet, have made this nation the choice pay for publishing a book. Now could read and interpret the writings.

and the home of our adoption, farmers in New York had not up to This was the book that Martin Harris these ideals and these duties that time been much given to the habit wished to publish, the famous Mormon are equally binding upon all withof mortgaging their farms in order to Bible, documentary basis of a religion in our borders. Many of our publish books, and Mr. Butler's curinoted in later days, and still of imcitizens are mixed nationally, that osity was excited. It was not diminportance in at least one western state.

is, one parent nativeborn, the ished when Mr. Harris seriously said The earnest convert, although much

other foreignborn. In cases of that the book he wished to publish was discouraged by Mr. Butler's refusal to

this kind, as well as with native- a Bible. make the loan or to commend the projborn persons and those who have It was that Bible which was written ect to the consideration of the New

made this the home of their adopon golden plates by Jacob the brother York Life Insurance and Trust Comtion, there should not be, there of Nephi, Enos the son of Jacob, Jaror? pany, departed asserting that nevercannot be, any divided allegiance. the son of Enos, Omni the son of theless the Bible would be printed, that

We are all Americans, all equal Jarom, Mormon the son of Omni, and he would receive a copy, and that when before the law and stand ready Moroni the son of Mormon. In the he had read it he would become a

to render equal service. Under years 384 A. D., said Mr. Harris, after convert. Only a few days later Mr.

such circumstances, we are like the great battle on the hill Cumorah, in Butler met a tall, alertlooking young the apostles in the temple of old; what is now western New York, man on the street who gave him a letter

we are all of one heart and one Moroni, one of the few survivors, befrom James Watson Webb of the New mind. Surely, therefore, no senticame a wanderer; and in A. D. 420 he York Courier and Inquirer, introducing

mental pride of nationality or sealed up the golden plates on which James Gordon Bennett, sent thus former fealty can be suffered to the records of God's promises were promptly as a reporter into these disweaken our patriotism. The order written and hid them in the hill. There tant western wilds for information conand desire of all our citizens is they had lain until a little while before, cerning this Mormon Bible. Mr. Bento stand loyally under the aegis of when divine inspiration had come to nett was then the assistant Editor of

the American flag. Joseph Smith, a young man living in the Courier and four years later beIf we thus keep our purposes Palmyra, directing him to go to a cercame the enterprising founder of the

strong and our hearts warm this tain hill in the town of Manchester—New York Herald. It may be added government of the people, for this same ancient hill of Cumorah—that two of the assertions of Martin

the people, and by the people, as just south of Palmyra, and there to Harris were made good, for the book expressed by Lincoln, shall not dig in the earth until he came to these was published and Charles Butler reperish from the earth. plates, the books of the Bible of Morceived a copy.

ADVENTURE IN OLD CITY CREEK

fl,.rising early one delightful summer morning, I drove By CLAUDE

maplethe meandering,leisurely up T. BARNES rebordered roadway of my favorite

treat, City Creek, which heads among the seeping snows that apron some upper peaks of the Wasatch "fTcuotNq K.MiTMr

Mountains and emerges beneath the slopes of the magnificent Capitol of TO MY UTTER HORROR, AS I the State of Utah. A famous canLOOKEDDER TOWARDSBACK OVERTHE MYENTRANCE,SHOULINSIDE THERE STOOD THE MOUTH least, as thought it is; at such Iyon OF THE TUNNEL HUGE THE

BEAR! pector, until he stood at my side; MOTHER atI tarried Bridge and its Rock

looked at that cliff semblance called but I was delighted to learn that he, the Sleeping Sailor, then, a little too, was on his way up that beaufarther on, at the Elephant's Head, tiful canyon known as the North 'em. Why, up Cottonwood Gulch

standing as it has for thousands of Fork. above Rotary Park there's a tunnel

years in a secluded ravine. Replete "You wouldn't believe it now,"he nearly six hundred feet long, called

with interest, too: thus, a quarter of said, as we arose from the waterthe Treasure Box, that they're still

a mile above the reservoir on the dry fall, "but in the days of the Warm working now and again; and I could

hillside is the type locality of Cogs Springs mining boom many years mention others such as the Prince, wellia bicolor; a little further on, ago there was a little village called the Felt, and the Lawrence. WouldBarney's Brook flows in crystal Modoc right on this spot, and across n't believe it as you ride along in

beauty over the embankment, a the creek there is still the foundathe auto down there, would you?"

stream named after Barney Adams, tion of the lime kiln they had here "No; but what about that bear?"

the grandfather of Maude Adams; at the time.""Well, as I said, I strolled up the

and then above the Highline, Coal We trudged along together up the gulch here one afternoon about this

Hollow Creek descends, so named shaded trail of the North Fork until time of the year and went clear to because in the early days from the we came to a ravine leading eastthe head. On my way back I was

lovely forests at its head Brigham ward, for it is there that the adcaught in a thunderstorm, so I took

Young made charcoal. venture I began to relate occurred refuge in that very tunnel you see up

On and on I rode, ever reflecting many years before in the experience there on the other side of that big upon such things, until I came to of the old miner now by my side. fir."

I see it; how long is it?"that charming spot known to me as 'Yes, I knew Brigham Young—"Yes,

Nancy Falls at the confluence of knew him well,"the old codger in- "Only about forty feet, but it's the North Fork and the main stream. formed me as we went along; "in the most exciting forty feet I ever

In seating myself within the bowfact, it was a few years after I had saw,"he replied.

ered shade of the spraying fall, I finished working for him making there charcoal Coal Creek on down her nestflushed ousel from a water tunnel to the walked W.E life lost I nearly with my the that inches fromin a niche only its to that entrance, very back and then

rushing water. She idled within a bear up the gulch here ahead of us."end, where it was dusky but not

yard or so of me, giving her little "Tell me about it,"I invited. dark.

nod every few seconds; I noticed it "I will when we get there. I was "Just the same as it was then; not

was neither a teeter nor a bob, but just a husky lad at the time, but I a lick of work done on it since, ex- a perpendicular movement with legs can remember that afternoon when cept by wood rats nosing around!"

I he exclaimed. "Well, as I say, Ibending or crouching. Her mate I strolled up here alone—whew!

flew to the brink of the fall and, was just a big kid, picking at the came in here to get out of the rain,surprised at my intrusion, chattered rocks even at that early date—lots and I had hardly sat down before

his "ching ching ching"with the of mining prospecting going on in I noticed two little bear cubs moving in oldtinkling rapidity canyon City Creek and intonation of this the of those about in the back tunnel—just reel. before days, large fishinga they thought much little fellows, larger than not much

Engrossed with the scene, I did about Park City or Eureka. There the teddy bears the kids have. Even

not notice the approach of one of are plenty of deep shafts on these as I looked at them they began to my friends, an old, grizzled prosupper hills if you know where to find {Continued on page 686) 664 ) LINCOLN'S PROCLAMATION OF THANKSGIVING Concerning New Compositions

The names of five people should By Dr. Frank W. Asper

have prominence in tracing the evolu* tion of Thanksgiving Day in America: TThe fact that the music committee obtained. In case the words to be used

Governor Bradford, the founder, repre- * continually receives manuscripts are copyright, then the composer of the senting the colonial era; President from all parts of the country asking music must have a written statement

Washington, first executive to proclaim that they be published, prompted the from the author giving him the right to a national observance of the day; writing of this article. In the past, it use them.

President Madison, for his revival of has published and sponsored many Second, is the copy legible? If a

the institution; Mrs. Sarah Josepha Hale compositions by our home composers composition which is not legible is subfor her lifeAong efforts on behalf of a as well as others, and it hopes to be able mitted to a large publishing house, it

specific date; and President Lincoln, to do so in the future. It, of course, is immediately discarded because it is

who established by his proclamation cannot publish compositions below a invariably a sign of the illiteracy of the of 1863, the First Annual National fixed standard, and a creation which composer, and they realize that the

Thanksgiving Day. The proclamation, would be of no use to a publisher would music too will be inconsistent and not

issued October 3, 1863, follows: of necessity also be of no use to the worth the trouble to decipher.

Church. Influence is not necessary in Third, is the time signature correct

"rrn he year that is drawing toward order to have something published, for and is every bar complete in every its close has been filled with the the committee is eager to get as many voice? Frequently manuscripts are

blessings of fruitful fields and fine compositions as possible. There submitted in which the voice parts are

healthful skies. To these bounties, which are many things that composers do not not complete in every measure. It is

are so constantly enjoyed that we are understand that can, with a little effort, a common occurrence in arrangements prone to forget the source from which be corrected and their compositions for mixed voices in measures of four they come, others have been added, made more suitable for publication. beats to find that the alto can be acwhich are of so extraordinary a nature Many do not realize that in counted for in only possibly two or two

that they cannot fail to penetrate and order to compose music they must first and a half beats and the soprano may soften the heart which is habitually inhave a knowledge of how to write it. have five or six beats.

sensible to the everwatchful proviWe often hear that so and so wrote a Fourth, is the key signature correct?

dence of almighty God. piece in just a very few minutes, and So often a composition is sent in with

"In the midst of a civil war of unit is one of the most successful numno key signature at all, or some of the equalled magnitude and severity, which bers that has ever been on sale. If we lines have no key signature. This is pure

has sometimes seemed to foreign states study the biographies of men who have neglect and should not be tolerated.

to invite and provoke their aggressions, done this, we find that those who Sometimes the composer might have inpeace has been preserved with all nacompose rapidly are those who have tended that a certain accidental be cartions; order has been maintained; the had thorough training and are well ried over to a following measure, but no

laws have been respected and obeyed; equipped to do creative work quickly. indication of this has been made. Cerand harmony has prevailed everyIn no instance have we had a great tainly if the composer cannot put the

where, except in the theater of military composer who was untrained, and even piece down accurately on paper, no conflict; while that theater has been after he has received his training it one else can tell what is intended.

greatly contracted by the advancing has taken him long hours to write a What about the range of the voices?

armies and navies of the Union. composition which would endure the Sometimes we receive numbers where

"Needful diversions of wealth and of test of time. the bass goes down to low D or

strength from the fields of peaceful inSome people have the idea that our even to low C or the soprano goes dustry to the national defense have not early Church leaders were poor and to high B flat or G. This is not pracarrested the plow, the shuttle, or the untrained men, but that is not the case; tical for the average ward choir, and

ship; the ax.has enlarged the borders many of them were wellto-do, even the committee cannot recommend such

of our settlements, and the mines, as wealthy, and educated men, most of for publication.

well of iron and coal as of the precious them losing their money after they It should also be made clear what metals, have yielded even more joined the Church. If we look to our syllables are to be sung with certain

abundantly than heretofore. Populaspiritual leaders, we find that without notes. Sometimes the compositions

tion has steadily increased, notwithexception all of them were great stuthat come in can be given three or standing the waste that has been made dents and were constantly trying to four different interpretations.

in the camp, the siege, and the battleimprove themselves. The Prophet Do the voice parts skip around awkfield; and the country, rejoicing in the Joseph Smith was possibly the greatest wardly or do they flow with ease and

consciousness of augmented strength student of all. This is also true of the are they melodious? Are any of the

and vigor, is permitted to expect conearly musicians of our Church. Those intervals difficult to sing? There

tinuance of years with large increase of whose songs we sing so much had very should not be a preponderance of freedom. fine training, and many were thoroughly tonic, dominant, and subdominant

"No human counsel hath devised, nor skilled in the art of composition, and chords with too few, if any, nonhar- hath any mortal hand worked out these following the example of our spiritual monic chords in the composition. A

great things. They are the gracious leaders tried to advance themselves in piece of this kind nowadays is congifts of the Most High God, who, while the art of music by constant study, sidered very commonplace and has but

dealing with us in anger for our sins, realizing that inspiration cannot be had little attraction for the average listener.

hath nevertheless remembered mercy. without working for it. There must be, after all, originality

"It has seemed to me fit and proper The first question that arises before in the writing, and if the composer that they should be solemnly, reverently, submitting a composition is: Are the really has something to say he will

and gratefully acknowledged as with words copyright? There is a heavy always assert himself.

one heart and one voice by the whole penalty for publishing, without perThe Church music committee is grateAmerican people. I do, therefore, inmission, words which are copyright. ful for the composers who have been

vite my fellow citizens in every part of Not long ago one of our largest broadmembers of our Church and now that the United States, and also those who casting stations lost a law suit because the art of composing is more popular are at sea and those who are sojournit had a poem read on one of the and instruction and knowledge of how ing in foreign lands, to set apart and broadcasts which had been requested to write is easier to obtain, we are look- (Concluded on page 683) but for which no permission had been ing forward to greater and better things.

a

x> SPEAKS ON AN JJul d&g&ut A SCIENTIST

ETERNAL QUESTION By DEAN E. J. McCAUSTLAND NDIAN

/Concerning the author, Dean Mc- -> Caustland, Dr. Richard R. Lyman

of the Council of the Twelve writes: SUMMER

"Dean McCaustland was a teacher

By ETTA MAI SCOTT ated Cornellthat institutionUniversityas awhengraduateI attendstu- dent, thirtyeight years ago. This

man's ideals and standards of life reigned; gradually he drew the bowwere so exalted, and his religious

string backward; then in anguish he views so sane and sensible, that, very

cried: "O Sun God! Let the sins naturally, I was drawn close to him.

and head, upon people be my of my "Since that time my good friend has lie thee between let quarrel the now and me. If I touch thee not with served many years as Dean of the

my arrow, I pray thee strike me Faculty of Engineering, and Director dead where I stand. But if my arof the Experiment Station at the Unikc. row touch thee, I pray thee show versity of Missouri, and he is at

thy face, that my people and I may present professor emeritus of this inhave peace with thee."stitution.

string, the loosed that he With friend of mine, "This distinguished about him crowding the people attendbe in that I was to it upward. On learning go shooting Longroamedago unrestrictedwhen the overIndiansthis watchedand

country, a great disaster fell and on, up and up, it went, until ance at a conference to be held in upon them. Their God, which they their eyes could see it no longer, and Albuquerque, New Mexico, some

knew as the Sun God, angered at when after a space of waiting the aryears ago, came to the meeting. Very

their disregard of him and their negrow fell not upon the earth again, naturally I invited him to speak. His

ligence to render the worship due the watchers began to ponder in remarks were so impressive that I him, turned his face away from them their hearts on the strength and asked him to make a synopsis of his and for the whole summer hid his power of their great chief. address for The Improvement Era.

broken voice single had ere a surBut lifegiving earth's the rays from invitareadily he accepted Very my them, stillness air about of the the the after sky was day face. Day.."article.. sent this tion and of with tipped a drop the arrow threatening dark, blanketed with

clouds whence cold, drizzling rain blood fell at the feet of the man who often descended. had cast it into the air. Then sudWithout the lifegiving rays of denly the clouds parted and the was my good fortune some time

the warm sun, the maize already sun came out, almost blinding them IT ago, to attend a meeting sponsored brightness its and dazzling with in the early the Indians planted a group of by by young Mormons who tribe to fall upon their the causing die springtime to droop began mispreparing and themselves for the were from lack of sunshine. Little chilfaces terrified at what had happened. sion fields of the world.

soft music like of breath a Then pale. bedren and grew Food wan brief reTheir pointed remarks and speaking the heard Sun they God wailing scarce, a became and came lating their to interested to a work me in reverence. their lifted eyes and tribes the sound among common sane, degree. high men, young These sayheard not,"him they "Fear still his did not the sun and show to sincerely wellbalanced, devoted of the prayer "I heard ing. have face. their in cause, are the world a power turned has anger leader, and your my

failure Finally, the of in a even for ideals the Christian extension of when you. for into sympathy love and

scanty harvest greeted the Indians Henceforth ye shall sow and reap the highest and broadest sense of their at the end of the growing season, in abundance, without fail, and to meaning.

to repent of they began impressed the force and They for me by sincere their action prove in my grief I am for forgiveness. praying and began logic creed, their simple of a creed harvest, I solemnly promyour lost

They fasted, and danced the dances ise hereafter that ye shall have not which embodies not only the mere outto their creed. sacred sun But the of Christian love symbol a but ward but only one two summers."

pity not hear or have god on would real of one's fellow love an and men that the pledge sealed Thus was them. its fullest live desire earnest life to to the that with the day Sun made God

Then the great chief of the tribe old Indian chief and his people and in the giving of their services to their called the clan together, and taking every year since that memorable beliefs in their ideals of Christian love.

his stand before them, said: "If the day there have been two summers. Their devotion to their work and the

sacrifice of one man will appease the The first summer, known as the seajoyousness characterizing the giving of wrath of the sun god, then I will son for growing things, has never their services to this cause, their simple offer myself that the rest of the tribe since failed to yield a harvest. And faith and rational outlook on life, made

may live."the second summer, that beautiful, this one of the most inspiring and imTaking his bow and arrow in his warm, hazy period in golden Ocpressive meetings which I have ever

hand, he climbed to the top of a tober, when the corn hangs with had the pleasure of attending.

great rock, while the hungry tribe drooping head in the fields and the Toward the end of the meeting, and stood looking helplessly upward. hills round about are rimmed in at the kind invitation of the leader—

Slowly the Chief fitted an arrow to misty purple, is to us, the legendman of high Christian ideals and bethe bow, pointed it toward heaven loving people of America, the promliefs, a man I have known intimately where he believed the Sun God ised Indian summer. for many, many years—I offered some

remarks which were intended to touch upon one particular Christian belief, current in my youthful years, but now, happily, mostly rejected by those with the understanding of broadera meantheir family: trace to Saint Latterday

I the refer toing Love."of "God's Family Gatherings the lineage family temple do and own necessity"alleged"of formal baptism for their progenitors. work of Compiled by James M. Kitkham qualification salvation, forinfants as a the Salt of the dedication Lake At

even though the child involved be newProbably no group of people put such Temple, President Wilford Woodruff born. emphasis on the family unit as do revealed to the Saints a very definite

I am a man well along in the sevthe Latterday Saints. Our belief is responsibility each family should acenties; yet, after all these years, there that the family, consisting of parents cept—the privilege to link up by sealing

is one episode of my childhood that and their children, will, if the members the chain of ancestors who did not has dimmed but little in my memory, prove faithful, continue in that same know or understand in life the and I cannot yet recall it without a relationship throughout the eternal life sealing power of the Priesthood, by sense of horror. I do not blame any to come. virtue of which there can be a uniting

individual and would gladly forget the This hope and understanding of the of father, mother, and children in the experience were I convinced that in all future gives the strongest of reasons celestial order of the family.

types of devout and accepted "Chrisfor closer family ties and associations. We quote from the words of Presitians"there is nothing left of the idea No wonder, then, there are many family dent Woodruff as given to the Church

which was so shocking and so horrible reunions and gatherings held at approand endorsed at the April Conference, as it was to me at the time. I refer to priate times, when descendants of a 1894:

to together ancestor hell,"belief "fiery come ofthe current then common a the revealed prayers In Lord to me my fellowship, associations and and torturingeverlastingly the renew souls of the it to all Israel to to that say was my duty of appreciation alive a love and keepinfant baptism. died without dead who of in fulfilment this out, principle carry and

their give to ancestry. Nothing seems I it this people. before that revelation lay I sister senior, years a had two my thrill their of the story a as. such them Saints from Latterday the....We want to each devoted veryand were we far their forefathers this trace to as labored genealogies time and made who ownother. the at of age She succumbed fathers their to to can, sealed as they be and chilfor sacrifices their blessings to win of attack diphtheria years toseven an their to children sealed mothers. and Have dren.

I left, desolate not only overand was far this as parents, through chain run and results best the such from secure To I... it. not death, ideathe of is could will which of the as get This can you gatherings, these well family should be

his the to people.fully Genealogical Lord heartbroken (Utah but comprehend,

set of organized, not merely having a, > 13:149.) Magazine theover which horror submerged my officers, regular genu- a of group but after "hell burning idea of asoul—the President Cannon, George leaders, inely Q. active of who does each whomdeath,"flaming forever. and on on President to counselor well. his Woodruff explanation part of was own An

Not only was my beloved sister gone, how to arrange, and what officers at the time, at this same conference but, since she had died suddenly and should be chosen for, an ideal family went a little more into detail:

ritual of the "bapin will organization found Lesson be it falls trace to to our duty our Hence up I doomed was Genealogical of Methods Ten Re* ofwithouttism"—so learned—sheprevious it is to lineage; to sealed our our duty be torture flames everlastingto the of of search. that preserved; parents, lineage our be may

fire! I idea This to came when me activities should be planned Various direct families in that preserve our we may

overheard my mother discussing with for these gatherings that will entertain descent, and trace them back.... There

my grandmother, the wisdom of letting and instruct both old and young. Games has been a disposition manifested among

my paternal grandparents in Ireland and other devices should be utilized our people to some extent, for some men know the terrible truth that my sister to provide opportunity for all in atand women to gather up all the names of families, related not, they or whether were rites benefit of the died of withouthad informally. together to mingle tendance

... for them. ordinances But perform and statebaptism. of imagine you Can will my families larger there the Among of the see pursuing can advantage you now sister believingmind, beloved burnmy relatives cousins other be who, and is the that out course pointed by the word

hell ining forever! forever and living distance at of because a from It will us. careto of everyone make God

To the end of life, I shall never be each other, will meet for the first time ful to obtain the connection, and to get the of properly the sons daughters and names at reunions. will adults these Some off that the ofable to horror shake

of their to parents. sealed men, to have them recall satisfaction with pleasure and Iidea. decline, into a and went was fairly. It It line will will define the draw in past, the occasions they took when, for reason. apparent no I wept. clearly; find the lineage will. and we children in part as gatherthese family questioned constant the and illwhen that will plain, everything.be and made

ties ings friendly close formed and sister tortures ofthought the will was trace his clear each genealogy my man enduring and would endure for all which have endured through the years. back, and we will know our connection...

eternity, grew unbearable. There seems to be no question about In thus honoring our parents we also

that ancient law, has which such these inobserve reunions having a profound recall I cannot mother now how my it: blessing to a great attached thy "Honor old. fluence both and upon young

finally grief basis the of discovered father that my thy thy mother, and days may gatherings a social These can be made set long the relieving be the land promptlyand about which upon thy Lord my of experience great importance. Peogiveth thee."{Ibid, 154, 156, God 158.) fears. pp. she Happily, a was who woman ple the bear those name, same and who

herself the within of deal greatbore a marriage have by become who memSociety Genealogical recomThe spirit real Christ, of she found and when family, strive bers will the of to honor all urges persons are and mends who illness,the fear of cause her and my is the that theirs, live true to and name of descendants to ancestor a common sense her and and sympathycommon its traditions. noblest family The name organize into orfamily themselves a clarity belief vision of in and God's itself interest. center a of becomes after ganization that named common all eternal love for enabled humanity, it built are certain desirable Around up ancestor.

to her fears banish completely. my attitudes in as such pride achievement, definite responsibility to- a have We

this idea Perhaps shocking has same life, living pride of a eager an good dead. our family organizaward A

a been to stumbling block demany desire to the family keep a name upon tion in aid materially efcan unifying vout searchers for truth and for peace. high standard, all of which will do forts in research and in preventing dupIt is indeed an inspiring experience honor to their progenitors, and will lications in temple work. Best results

to listen to a group of earnest, broadhelp to develop better members of the are obtained by a harmonious cooperminded young men, who not only Church, better citizens, and intensify ation of all members of a family unit, preach the truth as they see it, but who the spirit of family unity. rather than by each going ahead as an

also live their daily life in service to There is another very important acindividual. In unity there is strength.

that belief. tivity that should be followed by every Through unity comes success.

OfcthsL (Hook, diaxJc FOR THIS MY GLORY Bailey has shown in his book that this is not (Paul Bailey. Lymanhouse, 1940. necessary. Indeed, can anything be stranger

386 pp.) or more interesting than truth?

it this fine story hope and welcome We is life""story written of a MormonThis within find into entrance homes many exceptional with beauty. and power skillful placthe for the Church, beyond It mayand

for long waited.is a have book which we in story love of a romantic a life and ing

the with wealthAnd, wonder why, we to setting of historical will and appeal young it available, history not has beenMormon congratulations to the author old. upon Our

before.done of a piece A. work well W. done!—J.

It is a story of sorrow, love of roand stirring adventure,mance and of human FAITH FOR LIVING strength, of heart searchings,weakness and spiritual toil, and selfconquest. The well- (Lewis Mumford. Harcourt, Brace and

told tale is laid against a background of Company, New York, 1940. 333 pages.

Mormon history. It begins in the bloody $2.00.)

Missouri days and ends in Utah at the time of the polygamy persecutions—covering a Lewis Mumford, whose Culture of Cities

man's life from boyhood to old age. and Herman Melville have placed him

As the story proceeds, places, events, and high in the world of letters, has in his personalities famous in Mormon history aplatest book turned his facile brain to a field pear, such as Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, which needs much consideration in current

Willard Richards, Sam Brannan; Far West, times. Logically, in an unbiased manner,

Nauvoo, Winter Quarters, the Mormon Mr. Mumford makes an analysis of world

Battalion, early Los Angeles and San Franconditions today. His very calmness incisco, Sutter's Fort and the discovery of fuses a new hope into his readers'minds.

gold, the Ship Brooklyn, settlements BAILEY Afterthe authorhavingturnsanalyzedto thethepositivefaults ofrebuildingfascism,and the of Utah—allSalt LakefindingCity, PAUL

their places unobtrusively, but clearly as the of "faith for living."In order to build a

plot is unfolded. In fact, the book is not The accurate treatment of historical new life a new system of values must be

only a novel of absorbing interest, but a figures and episodes indicates careful and formed. Into this new system of values

fine, correct view of important phases of exhaustive research. Likewise, the nonmust go a decreased belief that money can

Mormon history. Mormon as well as the Mormon point of solace sorrows or eliminate troubles. Into

It is the only novel to follow the Mormon view is fearlessly presented. The ax hews, this system must also go an increased unBattalion from the enlistment, over the manlet the chips fall where they may. That derstanding and desire for family life. Into

killing desert march, to the day when it was makes honest writing. it also must go a fundamental concept of

mustered out. This is one of the strongest The book shows above all else that a the necessity of common responsibility.

portions of the book. The vivid descripstory of intriguing interest may be proFrom a thoughtful reading of this book,

tion of that march is powerfully done. There duced by telling the truth about Mormon the readers will go away feeling that there is

the author uses to the full his vigorous, history. Distorting Mormon historical facts, indeed "faith for living,"if only they will

often entrancing style, and reveals the and adding imaginary, often filthy episodes, accept the challenge of today to reestablish promise of a splendid writing career. has been a pastime of many novelists. Paul life as it should be.—M. C. /.

TPIoJul JAti, $toA& yoiifL Christmas Shopping Center

Your Gift problems can easily be solved by concentrating most of your

Christmas buying at this famous Book and Gift Headquarters.

BOOKS—for every purpose—for Children and GrownProjectors, screens, and all other picture equipment.

ups. Fiction, Biography, NonFiction, Travel Books, Candid cameras, films, etc.

Standard Authors, Classics, etc. CHRISTMAS CARDS—the most beautiful assortment

L. D. S. LITERATURE—All the new and older editions, ever shown in Utah.

by leading authors. Church Histories, Standard PORTABLE TYPEWRITERS, GIFTWARE—Chrome, Brass,

Church Works, etc. Copper, Glass, Pottery. Leather Goods, Book Ends,

wide selection. Give one to a prospective BIBLES—a etc. ELECTRIC CLOCKS, FOUNTAIN PENS AND PENCILS, missionary.

STATIONERY, GAMES, RADIOS, CHRISTMAS WRAPBELL & HOWELL MOVING PICTURE CAMERAS—also PINGS and SEALS, etc.

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple Phone 3-4591 Salt Lake City, Utah

TO PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT THERE IS NO DEATH PILGRIM'S PROGRESS

By Mabel Jones By Anna Johnson By William Mulder passion times hate and when tread his stars steadfast death! that fade he came, is no Babylon IN The reign, THERE FROM the rule sword, men by And sight. mortal to pilgrim only these to shores Are which his dimmed Upon in gratitude hearts well up Our daylight they reappear feet wanes, When the of the Lord Prophet For

light the night. corridors liberty of brought, newfound where To Were

sweet made kindliness, guides with one For who is death! There sun goes no bread. daily His The down rules truth might, with as Who shine see. other eyes where To may is and love, peace one word For whose child of providence, the he knew meek A light, its storms cover Dark up may

is right. in the heart Whose inheritors; earth's stride, in his yet Were it victory. through comes with Yet

the the leader of Church,To Humility seemed haughtier than pride: not weak. was He is death! trees There shrubs no and The faith prayer: send and our Weyou, forth to greet the spring. early Come health better given staff, be the his Iron That the rod upon hand smile buds and again, blossoms you The care; to strength meet each led the out And narrow upon him way; Which countless birds return to sing. And

fear or say: might had no what do man He

years throughout coming That many but served God. He is death! There no boat sails out The led This people be may the far lines, Across horizon his guide, every For and act, the Book word advice your and fine wisdom By the countless that Yet to eyes watch, his righteousness; his creed, of burden The greater goals ahead; To glory bursts, coming The and shines. his militant, faith stern and Though made

need: life of the your example That

is that like soul goes a star The it lived died. and by He to all the world be May sight, dims before our That mortal brotherhood, of true ensignAn just here, of salvation our vale beyond held but his eye And wrought tears, He unfurled, high banner A in corridors It dwells of light. of the the glory to world come; Upon

pilgrim's the progress earth is done: onA call lie. the His doubt hope gave A pleato us,to youreveryfollowers,man His

of teachings the heedTo thanks his soul was fire; give thanks the Christ, TO JOHN Give

plan. live His Gospel And stood he

By Margaret Jane Cole In freedom's wilderness and spent his zeal

In serving God; he built a commonweal

TO A FIRSTBORN SON I t ness,TOO, have sought and cherished loveliOf lasting good.

By Gene Romolo And clasped against my heart the memory saffron dusks, Of some autumn dawn's MEDITATION heart caress beneath months you many myFOR spangled scarlet Of and mist on bush lay; Waters Mattson tree. By Lucille

I, too, life April's fingers have watched that fed you; gives young streamThe my body

The air I breathed, you shared both night thread HpiME, in days, is so small grass starry with in fragile art, The bloom day; and * unimportant And

felt fleet her footsteps shining and of love tread And strength from you meA potent I heed. no pay

of light path across heart, emerald drew; A my is It like silent a swallowshadow

I have For heart flesh there of singing lute, a made mine and of mine bone myFrom Streaking past window my

I the That that keep songs may beauty grew faintest dawn; At

sings; toe, tiny each dimpled wigglyThis sleeping! while Gone I am

fields are one, white, then, hushed as had and were we, been When and whofist,And hills are mute, two: shall day I and find wake One but silent the I need touch to pulsing that strings I long hour had feared cameWhen of these thoughtless years burden The

a sing hear dryad And of wild blue dawns, know, heavily. Weighing

startled the catch first rush of fleeing And cry of your fawns. wasWith ecstasy—born

my woe.

And now, I hold you cradled in my arms, GIVE THANKS, O MAN!

As other women through the years have done By Beatrice B. Beebe

Who have been prideful of a firstborn's charms, GIVE thanks, O man, for every word and

And I am wondering, my little son, deed

In what strange channels life for you may Of yours that brought a ray of cheer to run. those I would not have your way be always fair, Crushed down beneath a weary weight of

Lest you should fail to strive for what is need, won Particularly those you counted foes.

By strong endeavor. I am full aware, Give thanks for every furrowed brow you

With you I may walk troubled ways—or soothed;

heaven share. For every heart whose aching void you

My precious one, for you a prayer I make. filled;

Wherever honor is, Lord, keep my boy! For every harassed soul whose way you

Let him not look at sin as mere mistake! smoothed;

Help him to smile, not frown when things For every neighbor's happiness you willed.

annoy, Give thanks that not a single day can pass

And take from every task a meed of joy! Without its call for good that you can do.

I've given unto him the best of me; If thanks like this you cannot give, alas,

May he that best for betterment employ! The blessings you can claim as yours are

O Father, as You taught Your Son, teach few.

that mine he Thanksgiving's truly kept when one can learn from find You to live his life majestic- -May ally! Photo by Scott Allen His greatest blessing—love for all mankind.

RIGHTEOUS LIVING KEYNOTE Interesting supplementary activities NEW TIME FOR CHURCH

OF OCTOBER CONFERENCE during conference were the dedication RADIO BROADCASTS of a memorial plaque on the site of the 'T'he 111th SemiAnnual General old Salt Lake Theatre (see this page) HpHE regular Sunday broadcast of the

Conference of the Church, which and planned inspection tours of DesChurch originating over Station convened on Temple Square in Salt eret Industries and the Church WelKSL is now heard from 9:15 to 9:45

Lake City during October 4, 5, and 6, fare center at the Central Bishops'p. m., M. S. T. instead of from 2:30

was altogether a powerful appeal for Storehouse. to 3:00 p. m., M. S. T. The familiar

Latterday Saints to live righteously Auxiliary organizations shared imSunday evening program will continue and to work diligently and industriousportant places: conference was preto present a weekly religious address

ly in furthering the great program of ceded by a twoday convention of the and the music of the Tabernacle organ.

the Church. A prayer for world peace National Woman's Relief Society; the

First of the the opening messagewas organization genconducted Primary a PLAQUE MARKS SITE OF* setting thePresidency provided and in Hall; the eral meeting the Assembly SALT LAKE THEATRE

for pertinent touching advice upon Society conthe Genealogical of Utah spiritual and economic life of members ducted a special program designed to A feature of the October general of the Church which characterized explain and recommend features of the ** conference of the Church was the every session. The issues of a pernew plan of genealogical instruction; dedication, October 4, of a commemoplexing day were boldly defined and and the Deseret Sunday School Union rative plaque marking the site of the

the challenge and warning to the peobrought conference activities to a close Salt Lake Theatre, famed pioneer playples of the earth as boldly uttered. with a Sunday evening general session house, on the corner of First South and

Personally presiding at the general dedicated to the story of several LatState streets in Salt Lake, where a new sessions of the conference was Presiter-day Saint hymns. $500,000 building of the Mountain

dent Heber }. Grant, who, still conStates Telephone and Telegraph Comvalescing from his recent illness, twice SURVIVOR OF MARTIN pany now stands.

the assemblies. pageaddressed (See cerethe those attending Among HANDCART COMPANY messages.) Grant's for President655 President on October 4 were REACHES CENTURY Clark, conPresident Jr., Reuben J. leaders the of and MARK monyHeber J. Grant

the of the meetings. Featureducted of Frederick Reid and H. Church her managing Ctill and home own a gathering morning wasSunday president the of telephone Denver, comall in interested afkeenly current President Air address the ofChurch by in arrangeof charge pany. Committee fairs, of Aldrich Hannah Mt. Madsen the naover heard O.David McKay included Pyper, George Gen- D. ments last Pleasant, cele14 Utah, October Broadcastingtionwide SysColumbia eral Superintendent the Deseret of annihundredth brated birthday hertem. "Essentials address, of a The of School manager and Union Sunday in versary. Sjelland, Born Denmark, followedBetter immediately World,"it until theater the from razed 1 899 was Sister to Aldrich with America came of broadcast nationwidethe weekly in S. Cundiff, Franklin 1929; Utah, travelin parents her convert 1856, June, also Choir, whichthe Tabernacle of the telephone company; and manager ing to City, with a them where Iowa of the morning part Sundayformed Young, C. Jr. Don later, constructing after few weeks Full of theservices. Council quorums sculptored plaque by was The Matheir joined handcarts, the family own First of the Councilof and Twelve President honri of Young, grandson the pioof westwardbound company in attendance acand wereSeventy adminYoung, under Brigham whose of the neers leadership Captain under in proconference participatedtively built in 1860. istration the theater was Martin. Father Ole Edward Madsenceedings.

bitter perished during the November Priestto early morning In addition illclad BISHOPS, PRESIDING the starved and which found meetings, a Welfare and Churchhood convention of Seventies and stake miscompany trapped in the mountains on ELDERS APPOINTED their Salt the belated journey to Lake conferences, foreignsionaries, language Stake, Boise Charles Fourth Boise Ward, sixteenyear-old Valley. Hannah The general reunions, amissionary and F. Cottle. succeeds G. R. Hansen rescued those Joseph A. among by was as there held meeting,Priesthood was Burley Stake, Burley Second John Ward, Taylor, Stephen and Young who feature unprean preconferencea L. succeeds Hoggan. D. Holyoak James lost the supplied band, them found of bishoprics the of gatheringcedented Stake, East Second Jordan Sandy Ward, provisions, to escorted with and them in the brought Church, 1068the wards R. succeeds Stanley A. Sanderson Glendon arrived Salt they Lake, Decemwhere First of the withtogether members Rasmussen.

1, 1856. ber BishPresiding the andPresidency Stake, Portage Loyal Malad G. Ward, married Martin Hannah Madsen of duties bishops the discuss toopric succeeds Harris Gibbs. R. John

Aldrich, convert from a young Masthe importance their counselors,and Stake, Preston Nevada Ward, James sachusetts, in in 1860. 1919. died He issuing in temple care exercisingof succeeds Arnoldson. Nielson Pharo

still livtheir eight of are Five children of the mechanics wardrecommends, Stake, Glencoe Oneida Ward, Hyrum ing. in touchteaching, Church the human Alfred succeeds E. Westerberg. Jepson W.

supervisioncontacts, the need for better activities, recreationalof ward and LAST OF EUROPEAN NaegleVernonsucceedsWard, CharlesSt. JohnsWhiting.Stake, Cecil C.

progress of beautification and building MISSIONARIES RETURNS Balboa Ward, San Francisco Stake, Leon programs. In company with members F. Liddelb succeeds R. Vance Pearson.

acting of Chappuis, head aston presidencies, and stake stake wardof Stake, Snowflake Linden Ward, Nowlin arrived in Salt councils, Mission, the French of highclerks, Kartchner members D. succeeds D. Rogers. Lawrence and f

mission presidents, the bishops and their Lake late in September after nearly a Showlow Ward, Snowflake Stake, counselors filled the lower floor of the year spent in warridden Europe after Le Roy Ellsworth succeeds Don C. Tanner.

Tabernacle in their special session and the general evacuation of European Jensen Ward, Uintah Stake, Lloyd J.

listened to sound recommendations missionaries in the fall of 1939. He Merkley succeeds Albert C. Boyle.

concerning some of the most significant was accompanied by his wife, the Elsinore Ward, South Sevier Stake, Loren issues facing the Church today. former Flore Lahon of Liege, Belgium. P. Christiansen succeeds Leon T. Madsen.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

CHURCH ENCYCLOPEDIA pioneer who was present at the drivingThe Church Moves On APPROVED FOR PRINTING of the gold spike at Promontory Point in 1869 and who was at one time emof research by lifetime Andrew housein the Brigham ployed YoungMISSIONARIES WILL LABOR *"*A historian, assistant Church Jenson, eightyninth birthday. hold, her passedONLY IN AMERICAS history encyclopedic in of the form an

HPransfer to other fields of all misof the Church has received approval Ground was broken for the construcsionaries now laboring in Australia, of the First Presidency for publication. tion of the proposed $70,000 combined

has for the volume 1100page Material chapel Long and Pine View Ward Africa, Zealand, Samoa, SouthNew since historian Jenson been gathered by Beach, tabernacle Stake Beach at LongTahiti, effected is being by and Tonga order of the First Presidency, a step he was twentytwo years old. He has with Bishop Marvin O. Ashton of the

which will leave missionaries of the spent most of the last ten years conPresiding Bishopric attending the exChurch working only in North and densing the information from some 850 ercises.

South America and in Hawaii. manuscript volumes. Expected to be

off the press next month, the alphaSeptember 18, 1940 are Being affected by the move will contain history some betically arranged Butterfield, promi72, Thomas Almo exclusive mission missionaries, of142 area unit and of each an account civic, business, of nent Riverton, Utah, families. theirpresidents There and to the present the Church up died. leader, was a Church time. and He

in laboring forty Eldershave been of the president former Jordan West in thirtysixAustralia, Zealand, New Stake. CHANGES BRANCH, WARD inthirtythree Africa, in South twelve

Stake, has been ClufF Branch, SummitTahiti, eleven in Samoa, and ten in sites on the of a marker Unveiling as bishWright a ward, with John E. madeTonga. mill the of the first cotton and in Utah op.

A general evacuation of European El Sereno, formerly a dependent branch first flour mill in Utah County climaxed missionaries took place a year ago, in of Alhambra Ward, Pasadena Stake, has the program commemorating the nineSeptember, 1939. been organized as a ward, with Howard tieth anniversary of the founding of

W. Hunter as bishop. Springville.

PRIMARY RECOMMENDS August, 1940 September 21, 1940

CHANGE IN MEETING DAY The new chapel for the Martinez At funeral services in the University

Stake, Oakland was Ward, President Heber by a tribute comWard, J. Prithat weekly"Decommendation cost at of $12,800. the pleted ConAllen Wilto paid Grant Newton was hereafter held meetings be on mary struction 27, 1939, began on December the of president liams, vice retired

instead of as on TuesdayWednesday carried rapidly withforward and was staunch Pacific as a Railroad, Union allin sent the past has to stake been in involving indebtedness the out ward Church. of the champion Mormon

it is superintendents, anPrimary time. at any delivered President O. David McKay Hinckley,nounced GenGreen by May address. Grant's President 13, 1940 Septembereral orthe of Superintendent Primary

Steed, crossed 93, Wilford John whoganization.

plains and the in 1 854 team by ox who September 26, 1940

Although Wednesday has been deswas believed to have been the oldest Mrs. Elizabeth Sarah Davies Oakey

ignated, with the approval of the First pioneer resident of Davis County, of Ogden, Utah, observed her ninetieth presidency, as the meeting day, it is Utah, died. birthday anniversary. She crossed the

pointed out that the new schedule will plains to Utah by ox team in 1855.

become effective only as the ward and September 14, 1940 stake are able to make the change. Mrs. Jessie Magginetti, Salt Lake Death took Alvin A. Beesley, 67,

founder and president of the Beesley

Music Company, one of the West's most prominent music figures, and noted

Church and civic leader. His father,

Ebenezer Beesley, was director of the

Tabernacle Choir from 1870 to 1885 and was composer of many excellent

Latterday Saint hymns.

DESCENDANTS OF PIONEERS MAKE HOLEIN-ROCK TRIP An unusual pilgrimage involving * hardship and hazard and paying fathers tribute to pioneer who sixty

MISSIONARIES LEAVING MISSIONARY FOR THE SALT LAKE FIELD FROM THE reHOME years passed through a difficult ago 17, ARRIVED 1940 OCTOBER OCTOBER 7, 1940—DEPARTED

First row, left to right: Lars Crandall, Bessie Johnson, Afton Hiatt, Fern W. Olson, Kathleen N. Bird, gion in answer to a Church call, was

Eva Randall, Lillian L. Andrews, Lois Paul, Pauline Murray, LeGrand Flack. made September 16 to 21 by a comrow: Eldon Clark, Elinor Second Mildred Clara Tenney, M. Magnusson, M. Hollingshaus, Don B. pany of nearly three hundred men and Colton, Gatzemeyer, Helen Lee Johnson, 0. Marble. Bernice Judd, Bert Glen Marie M. Cutler, W. Stewart,

Third row: Leroy Howell, Reynold Watkins, Helen Berry, Fred Pryor, Willis J. Randall, Ben M. women of the San Juan country. TravelCo! Pearl Miller, Jr. Cardon, Rider, LeGrande lings, Lloyd Webb, W. Udell W. L

Merrell Jensen, C. row: Elaine Newquist, Louise ing chiefly by pack outfits over territory Q. Fourth Wallace Turnbow, McDonald, Edward

M. Williams, George K. Nelson, Ara McNeill, Maxyne Bliss, Paul J. Prisbrey, Francis M. Willis, Frank where no wheeled conveyance can be

A. Brinkerhoff.

Fifth row: William L Betts, Earl L. Smith, Dilworth Brinton, Jack J. Poulson, Seth E. Pulley, taken, the children and grandchildren

Emerle L. Crosland, Wilford G. Hunter, Almain P. Tyman, Francis W. Miller. of earlier pioneers made their way to

R. Christensen, E. Sixth row: Flake, William L. Jones, Durston.LueDean Hardy, Hyrum Morris Holein-theRock on the Colorado Stowell, Hutchings, D. Parkinson, Douglas Dranenburg, Jr., John A. Barraclough, Peter A. Arden B. D. W.

L. Cheney, Ruloti W. Gregory. River to see for themselves the forbidinstructor; E. Berrett, row: Melvin Seventh Elwin George Glade, Malcolm A. Christiansen, C. Young, Wm.

Volco B. Benson, Ivan Richard Clyde E. Marwood McPherson, ding country through which their parBawden, Lowry Woodward, Harman, W.

Eugene Prigmore. ents came. Most of the company

Jones, L. Petersen, Dahlquist, row: Willard Brent Eighth Lester H. Davis, C. Winston A. Lars started from Bluff and Blanding, a hun-

L. Brockbank, Carl Croft Anderson, L. Smith, Bowman, John R. Wesley Almen. M. Von Alley, Wayne

Ninth row: Delbert E. Roach, Raymond P. Neeley, Byron B. Erickson, Robert C. Patch, Stanley A. dred miles east of the river, and others

T. Lee, Lawrence Omer, Ewart

Earl Jensen, row: Tenth L. SamMemmott,Purdy,MaxMelvinG. Birch,Johnson,WilliamEldenE. Shea.J. Peterson, John Vickers, Gordon set out from Escalante, about the same

Hobbs, Guy Coombs, Jesse Jensen, Lester H. Thomson. distance west of the river.

dHo/daL printed page in its appeals to the millions. Public

opinion manifests itself in many ways—by comment

JhsL fcighfyfowdk. VYUfosAonsL on the street, through the press, at the ballot box,

on the air. Sometimes it is whispered; sometimes

ONcelebrateNovemberthe22,eightyfourthPresident HeberanniversaryJ. Grantof willhis itguidedis translatedand misrepresented;into action.ofttimesOfttimesthoseitwhois mispre-

birth. The Era family, staff and readers, join with sume to voice public opinion are really speaking

the whole membership of the Church in congratuonly for themselves. Sometimes straw ballots and

lating President Grant upon the event and wishing trial polls, controlled, directed, and participated in him many years with increasing health in which to by the few, are represented as indicating the views lead the Church, and to be an inspiration to the of the many.

latterday Kingdom of the Lord, Abraham Lincoln once said: "He who molds

An inspiration he has been and is. His majestic, public sentiment goes deeper than he who enacts

fearless, forceful sincerity, ever present, is the utter statutes or pronounces decisions."And what was

need of this unhappy day when men speak with true in his day is true with increased intensity in forked tongues in public and private to the destrucours. The difficulty arises in the fact that the

tion of human joy. In his generation none has ability to influence public opinion is not always

spoken and acted more sincerely than President accompanied by a like degree of integrity or honGrant. esty or honorable motive. A man may be a spellThe genuine love and hunger for truth, the combinder and a scallawag at the same time. A man

panions of sincerity, have been evident in President may wield great influence without regard to his

Grant's career. Deception or dissembling are formorals or his ethics or his purposes.

eign to him. He speaks the truth, as he may see it, Eloquence is not always the companion of truth.

irrespective of consequences. He has ever tried to A persuasive leader can sway the sentiments and

help his fellow men find and hold fast to truth. the actions of many followers more honest but less

Thus he has preached the sermon most needed in discriminating than he. The first recorded occur-

a world lying under the dominion of untruth. rence that we have of such misdirection on the part

An unselfish generosity has marked President of an able but not honorable leader comes down to

Grant's life. He has given liberally and continuus from the account of things before time began

ally not merely of his surplus but often from his when Lucifer, a brilliant personality, waged war in own needs, of money, time and kindly deeds and heaven and misled a third of the hosts thereof to words. His generous estimate of men has given their own downfall and to his. More currently it

new courage and prosperity to many. Jealousy, the would seem that other persuasive and plausible

soulkilling enemy of man, is not in his nature. leaders have been able to mislead considerably more

Generosity must replace selfishness to bring happithan a third of the "hosts"in their particular ness on earth. That is another of President spheres of influence. Their success would seem

Grant's life sermons. almost to overshadow Lucifer's accomplishment.

These and other virtues have culminated in a And this is one of the regrettable things about for President kindliness. It is easy tender the leadnot alone Grant misdirected do leadership—that Forcefully to love, he has fought difficult to hate. the likewise of their follies, but ers pay the penalties

evil; with equal eagerness he has sought to save followers as well, of which current history offers

men from their folly. In him justice claims her own, altogether too many tragic examples.

but mercy has compassion on mercy and claims To mislead men either in mind or in spirit is as her own. As he stood in the pulpit of the great serious an offense as abusing them physically, even

Tabernacle at the last General Conference there though it is not as easy to apprehend nor as quick flowed from him a Christlike penetrating spirit to arouse resentment, nor as quickly punishable blessing, love, of gratitude, and it is offense against the of laws an to comfort and by

Saints all humanity. the encourage and unnoticed men—yetwill not or ungo and and God man

These qualities and many others are fruits of requited. The man or movement that promises to

President Grant's certain, unwavering faith in God, lead us to greener pastures—with a rope around our

divine Christ, the call of in and Jesus the Lord first reenacting enacted drama, an ageold necks—is

last dispensation. the of Smith, the Prophet Joseph laid. of this foundations before the were world

Latterday Saints are grateful for the life, labors, Whenever we yield in any degree or particular a and lessons of President Grant. They will do fundamental right or tradition of liberty and freewell to thank the Lord daily for his leadership, and dom, we have gone back on a road that has often

to follow earnestly in the path that he has trodden been retraced with "blood and tears and toil and

A. W. sweat."And this is true no matter how acceptthese many years.—/.

able in a personal way the leader may be or

JbuwacimoJtjL how persuasive his oratory. There are millions

who would now so testify to their unavailing sorXKJ& hear a good deal these days, as we always row—if the privilege of testifying were still theirs!

have, concerning public opinion. Always a vital And all this we should remember, before we set

concern to men who live together, it has become aside any hardwon and quicklylost right of liberty yet more so with the extension of mass communicaor tradition of freedom—for any cause-—real or

tion as the spoken word has been added to the imaginary. R. L. E.

FORTYTHIRD ANNIVERSARY ISSUE, 18971940

Nevertheless, it must be kept in mind that this

Church, founded by revelation, is ever guided by VIDENCES AND revelation. It may be held with certainty that

when the President of the Church presents a momentous matter, such as the "Manifesto,"to theRECONCILIATIONS people it is by the spirit of revelation from God.

// It is not the product of man's thinking or desire.

It must also be remembered that the power which has the right to command, also has the right and (BomxL on. (RsjusdaiimL? power to revoke. The principle of plural marriage

was revealed through Joseph Smith, the Prophet,

HPhe October, 1890, General Conference of the and the "Manifesto"came through Wilford

Church was historymaking. On Monday, Woodruff, who held the same keys of authority

October 6, 1890, Wilford Woodruff, President of as were possessed by Joseph Smith.

the Church, presented for the action of the people With this in view, "Yes"is the unhesitating an "Official Declaration"discontinuing the pracanswer to the question whether the "Manifesto"is tice of plural marriage. Upon the motion of Lobased upon revelation.

renzo Snow, then the president of the Twelve Fortunately, however, there is direct evidence

Apostles, and by vote of the conference, the ofthat the "Manifesto"was the product of revelaficial declaration "concerning plural marriage"tion.

became "authoritative and binding"and therefore President Woodruff himself declared at the said the law and order of the Church. This official Conference that "to have taken a stand in anything

declaration has since been known, in common which is not pleasing in the sight of God, or bespeech, as the "Manifesto."fore the heavens, I would rather have gone out

The practice of plural marriage had subjected and been shot."

the Church, from the days of the Prophet Joseph The Church had courageously supported what

Smith, to continuous opposition and severe persethey believed to be a command of God. Any

cution. Nevertheless, the Saints—only about two change would have to come from a revelation from

per cent of whom had practiced plural marriage, as God. President Woodruff had prayed about the

reported by the Utah Commission—continued to matter, and had besought God repeatedly what

teach and defend the principle which had come to to do. On September 24, 1890, "the spirit came

them through revelation. At length, acts of the upon him"and the "Manifesto"was the result.

Congress of the United States (1862, 1882, and This was publicly stated at the time of the Con1887) made plural marriage unlawful and a punference of October, 1 890.

ishable offense. The Church, believing these laws In his journal of September 25, 1890, President

to be unconstitutional because they abrogated the Woodruff writes "... after praying to the Lord and

right of religious freedom, sought protection from feeling inspired I have issued the following declathe courts of the land. During this period furious ration [the 'Manifesto'] which is sustained by

persecution followed those who had entered into my counselors and the Twelve Apostles."

this order of marriage. Under a rigorous enforceOn December 19, 1891, in a Church petition

ment of the laws in question, many were fined and for general amnesty, signed by the Presidency and given penitentiary sentences, the property of the the whole Council of the Twelve, occurs the folChurch was confiscated, and the cessation of many lowing statement: "According to our faith the

of the activities of the Church was threatened. At head of our Church receives from time to time,

length, in May, 1890, the Supreme Court of the revelations for the religious guidance of his people.

land, three with dissenting, ruled that members "In September, 1890, the present of the headthe acts prohibiting plural confiscatmarriage and in Church, anguish prayer, cried for and to Goding property constitutional. Church were help flock, for his received the to permission and the expressly Lord that declared had His Now advise the of the of members Christ Church Jesuspeople should to obedient constitutional be any of Latterday Saints that the polaw commandinggovernment live. under which they might (D. & henceforth lygamy was suspended."

98:5,C. 6.) the Further, revelations of the Lord

declare that if such a government should prevent Even with these statements, the nature of the the practice of any command given to the Church, "Manifesto"became a subject of discussion among the people and the Church would be held guiltless. the people. The question that captions this article

was asked by many. When these controversies

Verily, verily, I say unto you, that when I give a comreached the ears of President Woodruff, he proto the ofmandment sons to of any do unto a work men ceeded public. to answer them in This done was

those all name, of and sons their withmy go might men and in unmistakable words, notably occasion: one onwith to that all they have perform work, cease and not their

diligence, and their enemies come upon them and hinder them on Sunday, November 1, 1891, in Logan, reported from performing that work, behold, it behooveth me to require in the Deseret Weekly, of November 7, 1891, that work no more at the hands of those sons of men, but to (Vol.43, pp.659, 660.)

accept of their offerings. (D. & C. 124:49.) The report of this sermon, by Elder Arthur

After the Supreme Court had spoken, there was Winter, was published in President Woodruff's no further opportunity for appeal. All lawful lifetime, and therefore subject to his correction, if

means had been used. The action proposed by inaccurate.

President Woodruff was therefore wholly in keepIn Logan, he said among other things:

ing with authoritative Church procedure. (Continued on page 693)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

*l*. President Young

Mining and Industrial Pioneer

This specimen cabinet was owned by Brigham Young and is testimony of his interest in mining and related industries. The cabinet is now owned by his

descendants.

the Latterday Saints to work for PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUNG urged the pioneer miners and business men who came to Utah, saying, "...

work honestly and faithfully and they will pay you faithfully."

He went on to state that the pioneer miners wanted to discover and develop mines in Utah, adding, "... they want to make money and they want

to make it honestly and according to the principles of honest dealing."

"If they have means and are determined to risk it in opening mines,"President Young continued, "you work for them by the day. Haul their ores, build

their furnaces and take your pay for it and better your lands, build houses, improve your farms, buy your stock, and make yourselves better off."

Through large payrolls and supply purchases, Utah's metal mines have materially aided the people of Utah to buy lands, build homes, improve their farms, buy stock and make themselves better off.

Once again President Youngs wisdom is proven.

THE METAL MIMING INDUSTRY DF UTAHJ

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

What Happens to the Money of a Mine?

above chart shows what became of $10,184,652.14, grossrHEvalue, of metals produced by the North Lily Mining Company

from its property in the Tintic mining district, Utah, from 1927 to 1939 inclusive. The mine was brought into production in 1927, but

the chart does not take into consideration several hundred thousand dollars spent in development, prior to the discovery of ore.

The chart serves to illustrate how basic mining really is, and how the money it produces flows into the hands of labor and into the channels of business and industry of the state.

The largest share during the 1 0-year period went directly to labor, with workers at the mine and smelters receiving 29.18 per cent of

the total or $2,970,892.69. Labor also participated again in handling

the freight, manufacturing and shipping the supplies, mining coal for the mine and miners, etc. After labor received the money, it went

into other channels of business and industry. Taxes during the ten

year period amounted to $568,775.86.

Therefore, it can readily be seen that a mine creates a chain of business that flows through all arteries of the state.

(Hawdnq CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

PAYING THE CHILD dfahSLA, dfow By Lois Smiling

A DOLLAR AN IDEA!

going and were Deane HPommie Joe Land "\17e're to the together, movies and Tommie, VV Era ready—yourfor a department,new feature in youthe mother, arrived at accompanied Joe's by his

home. homemakers. Every one of you has

"Have you your money, dear?"Mrs. some pet way of doing something that

Land asked Joe, when the boys were ready every other reader of the Era simply to start. can't wait to hear about. So, if you

"Yes, pulled Mother,"and a coin out Joe have which HINTS any HANDY of his her. pocket to show happier and homemaking make

the gone, Mrs. were two Deane, When

if we them along—and easier—sendyour visit to had Mrs. with Land, who come

while their sons were away, remarked, can use them, we'll send you one good "What does Joe do to earn his money?"American dollar in exchange.

"Oh, he's pretty good about tasks around Here's one idea that we picked up the house. There are a number of little from a woman with a family. She

jobs that he understands are his, and that wanted to make a name for herself as is it his responsibility to get done."them the cook. a pastry washBut she had

for "Well, each him pay do you job, or ing, ironing, for cooking a family and all a for of lump them?"sum

"Why, I don't pay Joe for doing his of seven, taught school, and did no end work. I don't like the idea of commercialof Church work. Where there's a will

izing the home in that way. When I marthere's a way—and she found the way:

ried Charles, and we launched the project of she simply punched holes in the bottom carrying on liked a home, I wouldn't have empty, sharpedged of an can—and to have say, him for here 'Now, quarter is a shortening in"the she "cuts with now

dinner cooking the today. dishes Get minutes speed. ease and many How I'll up, washed cents ten and more.'pay you

pies Thanksgiving save can on you affair, a inmutual The was home and our come was also. Keeping the house was my alone—by using this idea?

job, while Charles ran the office that proAnd another woman who had a large duced the income. We decided on an alfamily who wore countless numbers

lowance from that income for the family of sox became so tired of trying to expenses, and it was my problem to keep match them after her washing that she within fastens a brainstorm and them had now along, "Thenit. when just Joe came we pins. clips or safety together with considered third of him a coour member

in pairs. idea they Presto, This hang project. operative soon old as he As was

enough to understand, I interested him in of clips extends to rubbers, galoshes,

I in the coming days whatever doing. and to soon loved was He mittens—for ChaparralnHHHfVISis a rare flower that blooms in help, so it to easy impress to was time him going to upon up, have rumwho's

midsummer, high on the mountains. The that everybody should do his part. I showed mage through a weather closet to find

little little, him, that his he by and daddy... it bees love clip and a produce ideal Clothespins of honey mates? an make

it, loved and our and home enjoyed and If this exquisite for purpose. flavor a large that you have is used by Purity in that all it to must together Iwe work keep

different family, paint the clothespins a Honey Grahams. Bee Fortunately, the flavor going. since there And a was common

of Chaparral honey, unlike other kinds, is income, we were all entitled to our share. color for each member, and the eye

not lessened by oven heat. It's all there I didn't say, 'Clean up the back yard, and will save the nerves.

I'll you.'that pay a dozen thought the taught have was you He By now rich... in the crunchy brown cracker that cleaning of the his back yard job. was that timesavers have you upused—and to grocer your comes fresh the from a person But works should never who have are better than that they you know

Purity great ovens. to beg, so does to for not Joe ask have primers. either of these them two

it. his needs money he has regular when He Era. Department, to Hints Handy.. just allowance, Send% as mine, I have he and must BIG SPECIAL OFFER!

384 PAGE MODERN WEBSTER DICTIONARY live within it. I think it gives one a feeling

selfreliance of to independence and have for only 10c plus picture printed of "Boy"funds, small."however own flap inside on of box Bee Grahis Honey

said, "Well,"Mrs. Deane "I have never Big hams! desksize volume

I given regular a try CooksComer allowance. Tommie inch). Defines thousands of words... to make him feel that he is earning the

he spends."money Burnett Badger Barbara By of cover genuine

it is "I just suppose of matter a viewmorocco- Fabcote, Cauliflower Stuffed point,"I replied, Mrs. like the Land "but like to look grained

cauliflower 1 head I plan. allowance to While want Joe know leather. Offered onion 2 tablespoons chopped is still that I to he expected work, want him solely to induce you

butter tablespoons 3 all think to that three are toworking we try to delicious bread diced cups 3 I gether single goal. towards one believe he Bee Honey Grahams! diced cheese 32 cup is it better thinking for does doing he work

'our firm', which includes himself, than he 1 can tuna fish milk if CO., PURITY BISCUIT he would were CUP a mere laborer doing a x/2

salt pepper and "Salt Lake for City, Utah for job pay."me

in boiling of cauliflower head whole Cook find Enclosed picture 10c plus of "Boy"

L printed on flap inside nearly or until of box minutes, Bee salted of Honey 20 water CANNING Grahams. Please send Modern Webster Diccool. TIME tender. and water from Remove postpaid.| tionary until tender. in butter onion Saute'chopped Thelma Ireland By

I Name Add the bread, cheese, fish, and seasoning.

city. to the thoroughly. hurryI blend Stir in the milk and Farmers

in cauliflower baking the a buttered in Address S the cram. Place marketsB Housewives

in a moderateIk City State a They'reFor you allseemakingit's jellytrafficseason;jam. Sprinkledish. Stuffwith milkdressingand bakebetween flowerets.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

oven (350) thirty minutes, or until cauliflower is brown.

Chinese Chicken 1 cup crushed pineapple butter tablespoons 2 NO MORE SKIMPY flour 2 tablespoons 1Y cups chicken stock 3 cups diced chicken salt and pepper noodles BREAKFASTS

Cook pineapple in butter a few minutes,

Add flour, blend, and add chicken stock.

When sauce is thick, add seasonings and chicken.diced hot over Serve noodles. at

saltedSprinkle almonds. with chopped OUR house!

Cranberry and Cottage Cheese Salad 1 cup cranberry jelly 1 cup boiling water 1 package lemonflavored gelatin 2 cups cottage cheese fruit dressing Melt the jelly in the boiling water. Pour

over gelatin. Cool until mixture begins to

congeal. Add the cottage cheese. Mold

in a ring mold and chill. Serve on lettuce.

Fill the center with fresh or canned fruits.

Garnish with salad dressing.

Fudge Top Pie 30 graham crackers Y3 tablespoonscup melted buttersugar

Roll the crackers into fine crumbs. Add

the sugar and mix well. Add the melted

butter and mix thoroughly until some of the mixture will hold together "when squeezed in one's hand. Put into a 10inch pie plate

and press firmly against the sides and bottom to make a thick crust. Bake 15 minutes

in a moderate oven (375). Chill the crust

thoroughly before adding the filling.

Cream Filling 1 package vanilla pudding2 cups milk PAtfAKE

Add Yi CUP milk to the pudding and stir until smooth. Add the rest of the milkand stir constantly until boiling point is nounreached. Cool slightly before pouring into... when THREE

pie shell.

Fudge Topping 2 butter tablespoons PANCAKES cost 1 sugar cup powdered milk 1 square baking chocolate Soften the butter and work into the powONLY A PENNY!

dered sugar. Add enough milk to give it

a spready consistency. Add the melted What a difference a good, subchocolate and mix well. Spread over the stantial PANCAKE breakfast pie.top of the

Folks work! in the day's makes Sism

these pep energy and more Apples on a Stick have 2 cups sugar eat they cold mornings when white Karo cupY breakfasts Globe of nourishing cup water ECONOMICAL!% with served pancakes, teaspoon cinnamon flavoring "Al"Yi three pancakes for

red coloring for or sausage bacon ham, va-—makesa penny. apples12 riety. breakpancake a Serve

12 skewers wooden fast a package tomorrow—buy sugar, Karo, water in and Cook the

of and QUICK! Globe "Al"Pancake until stirring is dissolved.a saucepan, sugarContinue cooking until syrup is brittle when Waffle Flour. It contains lots—just add liquid.

tested in cold water. Add the flavoring and of good, oldfashioned buttercoloring heat. the and remove from Set milk for extra flavor. DEPENDABLE! Insert in water. hotover skewers blossom

end of apples; hold each apple by the the ingredients are always

skewer and plunge into the hot syrup. // the same, always perfectly

out quickly until syrup and twirlDraw is mixed.

the apple.spread smoothly Place, overskewer end down, in a cake rack over a GLOBE UA1

large bowl, so that the apple does not touch anything while hardening. These applesshould be made the day they are to be PANCAKE AND WAFFLE FLOURused.

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, AND SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

"It shall be unlawful for any person under the age of twentyone years to purchase, Agricultural ANTILIQUOR -TOBACCO accept or have in his or her possession any form."in cigarette Opportunities or tobacco any

Salt City.) Ordinances, COLUMN cigar,( Sec. 955 Rev. Lake (Concluded from page 650)

the State foregoing, City and have By to sale of minors. the tobacco outlawed opportunities. Thereemphasis on ENFORCEMENTA LAW dealers to cooperate expected are Licensed these that fore, comsuggest weCOMMITTEE in the asthe of enforcement law. Their inquirutilized mittee be by members in the sistance violators detection of who in Salt stakes fifteen LakenpHE opportunity. families for land ing in the 'get to break order law an * are united a comsometimes by County now their will in competitors officials edge on keepbe It the to Church has come

is represtake eachmittee which on spirit ing the the of with law. acquirare of people that our many effort liquor in to the enforcesented an for cooperation, Yours projects of the ing under land some to minors. relative laws tobacco Chairman. Mozley, Frankand

The member of the county committee without sufficient thought being chairis also the stake a givenfrom enhis stake committee of on law POLICE FORBIDDEN TO DRINK givention onto selectingthe project,goodculinarysoil, thewaterlocaman forcement. The stake committee super- A bonedry law for the police of San development, time required for devises the ward committees, the duty of "Antonio (Texas) went into effect livery of irrigation water, etc. Therecity the commission when torecently all is of contact vendors towhich with counsel fore, homeseekers,

civil service the code. amended Acin the alcoholic beveragesbacco and respective these contact on the men to cording the police law, the are new their securing of a view withwards projects; you. they can help to intoxicating liquors forbidden drink in Viocooperation law observance.

lators of the laws will be referred to either while on or off duty. The following committees have

the county attorney's office for prosecubeen named and approved by the the of Authorities Church Generaltion. This office has promised full coCOULDN'T BE BOUGHT

field in this on advisors to serve asoperation.

press, public to the According Gene is with forward going projects: the land respective movement This ** the Autry, radiosinging popular high are enthusiasm. Hopesvigor and Fallon, Royal Project, Nevada: Newlands of recently turned Hollywood, cowboy will its outstanding. results bethat Fallon. Agent, LeRoy County Crook, D. offer of an from a tobacco $2,000 down the letter out sent following by The Fallon. Pres., District Schanks, C.

if "testigive he a company would is selfexplanatory: Charles committee T.county Valley, Oregon: Willamette

monial"endorsing their brand of Darley, West Stayton. Bishop Arthur ALCOHOLTOBACCO LAW "smokes."C. Hawkins, R. D. 1, Box 211, Salem.

ENFORCEMENT How we admire moral courage! Rosa Project, Washington: J. E. Cobbley, COMMITTEE Rt. 2, Sunnyside, Washington. Wallace

L. D. Lake of Salt S. Stakes County LIQUOR CONSUMPTION ish,Murdock,Wash. c/o Indian Agency, ToppenBuilding Beneficial Life 608 Salt Lake City, Utah AND TRAFFIC DEATHS Grand Coulee, Washington: L. L. BurOctober 1, 1940. '"Phe American Business Men's ReMilkmingham,River Area,CouleeGreatCity,FallsWashington.Areas, Monsearch has Foundation Dealers, Fort Cigarette found tana: C. Shaw, MonLicensed L. Warnick,To

its studies through that traffic deaths Falls, Idaho tana. Utah.Salt Leonard G. Ball, Lake County,

parallel liquor consumption. Falls, the Says Croxford, Great Idaho. Lloyd to of Tobacco Sale the RegulatingLaws Montana. Foundation Minors By and Use Thereof Bishop Idaho: Area, River ThomSalmon

better cars, Notwithstanding better City, to Allen, furnishes Idaho. minor P. as Royal any Salmon person who "Any brakes, better roads, better trained and gift, Idaho. age) of 21 Moore, years by person under (a Waddoups,

drivers, to intensive due nationwide safety or cigarettesale, paper otherwise or any there campaigns, reported the were during or prepared or paperwrapper, any made twelve 1, months from to 1939, July for June, other year. are given Figures ceding cigarettes, or offor the purpose making

inclusive, 1940, total a of 33,640 deaths this parallel close between that years show is whatsoever, of tobacco kindany any as total with compared a of for the in31,940 the liguor increased consumption and shall punguilty of be misdemeanor, and a similar twelve the is of months before, year traffic visibly in deaths. crease This fine less or of than $25.00ished a not by

increase of an cent. per 5j/3 in sixyear period for a graph a shown in imprisonment or $200.00 than bymore

this During period there same a 19341940. was six jail exceeding months, notthe county

liguor consumption of gallons, 105,269,814 drinking the should not forbid law Why fine imprisonment."or both such and by increase an of seven per cent the preover driver? car motor by any of 93-1-12 Statutes Utah. Revised (Sec.

1933.) "It is a misdemeanor... for the proprietor

of business placeof to knowingly any perMelchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, December, 1940 to place of busifreguent such minorsmit ness while they are using tobacco. The term Text: Priesthood and Church Government.

place of business as here used shall apply (See also supplementary readings, problems, and projects below) to any and all such places as shops, stores, factories, public garages, offices, theatres, recreation and dance halls, pool rooms, LESSON XXXIV to accomplishment of purpose of cafes, cafeterias, cabarets, restaurants, pasOrganization of the Church Church coaches,senger and S. U., 1933.)93-3-1 R. waiting rooms."(Sec. (Read chapter 15, pp. 185191) c. Planvided offor Churchin revelationorganization profor "It shall unlawful person be any

sell, cigar, give, cigarette furnish or or any to I. Fundamental considerations II. Completeness(See Supplementaryof ChurchReadings,organizationNo. 1

tobacco in any form, to any person under a. Purpose, plan, and organization in- a. Serves every need of individual

twentyone years of age."(Sec. 954 Rev. terdependent b. Makes outside organizations unOrdinances, Salt Lake City.) b. Competent organization essential necessary

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

1. Separate action leads to clannish- b. Stake

conflict, ness, disunion presidency 1. Stake

2. in officers Supplementary Readings oathbound, an- 2. Membership Stake board

tagonistic organizations detri- c. Ward For Priesthood and Church Government

mental to individual's Church 1. Bishopric

performance 2. Auxiliary officers and teachers

3. Associations for general welfare d. Mission 1. Once more the Church was organized,

1. objectionable not it all President having within the old authority—the of the Priesthood the genius of 2. III. Order Missionaries the Apostleship, Priesthood,

Church organization 3. District, branch officers graces, the blessings that characterizedthe gifts, thethe

a. First Presidency II. Executive provisions: President of Church of Christ in the day when it was

b. Quorum of the Twelve Church chief executive upon the earth. Nothing was wanting.

c. Melchizedek Priesthood quorums III. Legislative provisions: "An aristocThe same power, the same blessings, the

d. Aaronic Priesthood quorums racy of nomination with a democsame gifts, the same union, the same love,

IV. Territorial divisions: access to every racy of consent"(See Supplementary the same testimony on the part of those

member through compact organization Readings, No. 2) who had received these ordinances, until to-

a. Stake a. Initiative by nominating body day we have in these mountain valleys a

b. Ward b. Approval by people people the exact counterpart in every par-

c. Ward branch IV. Judicial provisions ticular of that primitive Church which Christ

d. Mission a. Jurisdiction of officers limited to and His Apostles organized upon the earth.

1. District office respective (George Cannon, Q. Journal of Discourses,

2. Branch b. Jurisdiction of Church courts limVol. 343, 24, p. 344.)

V. Auxiliary organizations: aids to ited to infractions of moral law

Priesthood c. Punishment of Church courts 2. What can be said, then, of this di-

a. Purpose 1. May disfellowship vision in Church Government? In the first

1. Helps in government 2. May excommunicate place, there is in the Church no department

2. Teaching of Gospel to all ages d. Officers subject to judicial control established exclusively for the legislation:

b. Place: subject to authority of e. Excommunicants subject to reinno body of persons, no council or quorum

Priesthood statement is set apart specifically to make laws and

V. Conferences and council meetings (See regulations for the Church. One of the

Problems and projects: Supplementary Readings, No. 3) prime characteristics of a Theocracy is that

1. Consult the organization diagrams a. Purpose: instruction, faithpromo- the Sovereign is the Lawgiver; hence, the

186-7 they in the text). do tion What (pp. great in existing of time laws body at any

leadership Priesthoodindicate concerning b. Kinds: will general, stake, ward the those given be Church God; by

several Callin organization? upon Church 1. Priesthood either or servants as revealed through His

in to of authority trace the linesmembers 2. Auxiliary written by His own finger. The laws,

offices administrative and territhe various c. Joseph Smith on order of council rules, covenants, regulations, and commands,

divisionstorial of the Church. Have the meetings the of the in like, contained Bible, Book

clear presidency make its ownquorum and Doctrine Covenants, and Mormon, in the diagram.place projects: Problems and Price, constitute the Pearl of fundaGreat

of the quorum to review members 2. Ask the or constitution of the 1. Explain Church. law principle of Church govmental

of development coursethe and set in forth in that the statement course, of except, those ernment (We it is the ofas individuals. much theirHowgrowth fulfilled is of aristocracy there set aside or "an been have the Church lawsLord—that by the

the training of provided Church?product by the of approval."of nomination carnal and notably a democracy commandments.) law

the Priesthood contributions hasWhat it illustrations in specific operthe Cite of showing laws from coming These mouth auxiliaries? Picthe havemade? What ation: selection in the general or styled for example, apand be God directly may

benefits their of without lives theture auxilof (Keeler, laws. the in a teacher pointment one of primary GovernChurch

their testiorganization. doChurch What iaries. ment, 97.) p.

completeness the reveal concerningmonies restraints"are the "fundamental 2. What

organization? of Churchand sufficiency effective authority regulate which (execBut there is a set of laws given in the

possible 3. shortcomings light of In the legislative, utive, in functions are or character, Church which and judicial of a minor

the practice,in statement: defend actual their in administrative special It is true, in the nature. authority) a single however,

orperfect"I more of any do not know lesser of often are Priesthood of these case in the making that even and which in the of than exists Churchganization in of earthly institutions absent the direction purely laws the of and regulations

Saints."Christ of LatterdayJesus

is the broad 4. How foundation of political3. Callnature?in an officer of one of the auxofHolytheseSpiritsecondary,has aided.or specialIt is inrules,the realmreguforth set in as Doctrine organizationChurch iliaries to situations lations, incidents legislative that recount the and branch laws and

or124: the 143? Did 20 and Covenantsand is his in officer or as acts, her career the of manifest. an which General Church

it all as appearganization today have we illustrate to his clearly or relationship or her proper, laws from and emanate God, at fully innodeveloped? once, how Show of the the the stake board, special bishop or the acts ward, secondary from come

tovations time time been always have from First its Presidency. the the board, general of Christ (Keeler, servants. through body

fulfilling original of the plana purpose and is 4. conferunique of our system Church p. Government, 98.) How

departure theof rather than from a Church religious contrasted other ences organwith if possible, periods, or date,them. Fix by izations? Obtain expressions desire that from quorum in your have a fervent 3. We the steps of orforward in Churchsome feelings togeneral conferences be members concerning everything should their own

forganization: establishment example, of conferencetime. conference discussed progreat and care a of ward deal with and

first Relief of founding of Zion, Sostake conferences of reports outpriety, prepared lest Spirit, the grieve Have you Holy etc.ciety, life significant in individual's or standing all shall an at which times poured out be upon

this test to 5. possible membership Apply in history. heads, are Church exercised your with you when

in organizations various outyou know is 5. auxiliaries. the the those principles righteousness of that are Name What

"Is theside the assoChurch: proposed the to special of each contribution program to agreeable are the of mind and God,

ciation to interest lose as to cause such me to of Priesthood? the aid the as affected Church an properly another, toward one and

in interfere to the or duties with Church my all careful are to those means by remember activities in the Church?"and in in are heaviness, bondage, and and who XXXVI LESSON

LESSON XXXV Open Sunday intheredeepare afflictionany amongfor youyourwhosakes.aspireAndafterif

Organization of the Church (Cont.) The final Sunday of the year's study their own aggrandizement, and seek their

(Read chapter 15, pp. 191197) course may well be spent in a review of the own opulence, while their brethren are

I. Administrative authorities field so far covered in an effort to see, with groaning in poverty, and are under sore

a. General Authorities: Churchwide the perspective which the passing of a year trials and temptations, they cannot be benesupervision has given, the unity of the lessons under fited by the intercession of the Holy Spirit,

1. First Presidency consideration. A skilful summary and reWe ought at all times to be very careful

2. Council of the Twelve emphasis of points as needed in the rethat such highmindedness shall never have

3. Patriarch to the Church spective quorums will go far toward estabplace in our hearts; but condescend to men

4. First Quorum of Seventy lishing a sure foundation upon which to of low estate, and with all longsuffering

5. Presiding Bishopric build next year's continued study of Priestbear the infirmities of the weak. ( Teach-

6. General officers: general boards hood and Church Government. ings of Joseph Smith, p. 141.)

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

STAKE YOUTH LEADERSHIP SUPERVISING COMMITTEES

Indicating Two Separate Committees for Aaronic Priesthood and for the aaronic priesthood extension plan

STAKE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD STAKE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD EXTENSION

COMMITTEE COMMITTEE Member Stake Presidency—Adviser Chairman

Chairman Member of Stake Presidency

Member o High Council*—Priests Quorum Supervision Group

Member of High Council*-—-Teachers Member High Council—Priests Member of High Council—Teachers Member of High Council*—Deacons Member of High Council—Deacons

Committeeman*—Social and Fraternal Activities Sunday School Supervision Group

Stake Board—"C"Teaching, Assignments, and Member Committeeman*—Better Stake Board—"B"DepartmentDepartment Member Advancement Member Stake Board—"A"Department

Records, Reports, and StanCommitteeman*—Rolls, Y. M. M. I. A. Supervision Group dard Quorum Award

* Member Stake Board—M Men Supervisor Committeeman—Adults* Member Stake Board—Explorer Commissioner * Member Stake Board—Scout Commissioner Committeeman—Adults*

Secretary Secretary (Not the Stake Clerk) May be (Notsametheas StakeAaronicClerk)Priesthood

Suggested assignments only. Others may be included. Committee Secretary

): ( Leadership 1 *Minimum of six for Quorum Supervision Check

) ( Programs 2 ** Minimum of two for Adult Supervision ( 3 ) Inactives

For details see Aaronic Priesthood Handbook, For details see Aaronic Priesthood Handbook, page 81. page 165.

Graphic presentation of organization and assignment plan of the two separate committees supervising stake activity of Aaronic Priesthood members.

STAKE ORGANIZATION AND SUPERVISION THE STAKE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD

EXTENSION COMMITTEE rpHE Stake Aaronic Priesthood Committee is directly rerTrHE Stake Aaronic Priesthood Extension Committee is sponsible for the success of the program in the wards. an entirely different committee from the Stake Aaronic

Priesthood Committee. The one with a member of the High

Working in close cooperation with the bishoprics, who Council as chairman supervises directly the quorums in the wards in cooperation with bishops and quorum advisers.

form the presidency of the Aaronic Priesthood in the wards, The other is a correlating committee which brings together and with the quorum advisers, who form the ward comleadersSchool, ofandAaronicthe Y. PriesthoodM. M. I. groupsA. Thein quorums,chairman Sundayof this

mittees, members of the stake committee (operating as a group is a member of the stake presidency.

The Stake Aaronic Priesthood Committee acts in the stake board) should promote and motivate all plans of the stake for the Priesthood in very much the same manner as the stake boards of Sunday School and Y. M. M. I. A.

program. There should be at least six members, three of act for their organizations.

The threethem members of the High Council, and preferably enough the Extensiongroups—AaronicCommitteePriesthood,brings togetherSundaytheSchool,leadersandin I. A.-—to correlate their leadership, theirto equal the number of wards. One member of the comthe Y. M. M.

activities, and missionary work among inactive members 12 mittee (not a member of the stake presidency) should be to 20 years of age.

The complete plan is published in the Aaronic Priesthood appointed as chairman by the stake presidency. He should Handbook, which is available at the office of the Presiding

Bishopric, 40 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

be a member of the High Council. The price is ten cents, postpaid.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

Aaronic Priesthood oftheprowessIsraelitishwhichHercules,causewroughthis historythosetodeedsread tocause,be doubted,but that itsincewas Elia validenjoyedchangethe isfavornot like a fairy tale, to the wonder and admiraof Jehovah, and retained it until it was withtion of all pious readers, and the scorn and drawn as a punishment for the sins of his

Eighth in a series of articles unbelief of the ungodly. We need not sons, Hophni and Phinehas, and the failure

written by the late Elder Orson linger on it now, as it is not strictly in the of their father to properly recompense their line of our narrative. The Book of Judges, transgressions.

F. Whitney of the Council of from the thirteenth to the sixteenth chapThese sons were Priests in the Tabernacle

the Twelve. Published origters, gives it succinctly and in detail. of the Lord, having charge of the altar and

used offerings. they not only But It this period, there sacred during "when was inally in "The Contributor."to the their people came Priesthood rob who terrible that in Israel,"the king no was

guilty of sexual sacrifice, to offer but were wife, Levite's the recorded against outrage holy bringing well, God's as thus crimes of in nineteenth the chapter Judges, was pathetic of episode Jephthah'sHThe disgracing disrepute, into and service and of in the committed Benjamin men by priestly they the robes in the mire dragging sacrificed her daughter, warby of Eleazer, Phinehas, Gibeah. son was

of their repeatedly Eli warned wore. was it at time, his Priest the and High was at fulfilmentrior in rash sire a of vow terrible the consequences of evil deeds, and in the that against direction Benjamin, war

if to permitted they were that ensue would the of toplighted eve to, on fearful referred Jehovah the of crime punishment going into battle, is familiar, doubtwasexterminated.waged until that tribe was well nigh continue.tell him thatA hisprophetindifferenceof God andwasslownesssent to

less, to even the youngest reader. to act had displeased the Lord, who had

Eli, judgment find upon him and vested in a terrible the judgeship an decreed We

Eli, transgressions. for their Levite, also exemplary his houseAs God had forbidden human sacaged and was who

rifices, many commentators have the High Priest of Israel. He was a dewho was conscientious and Godfearing,

scendant of Ithamar, Aaron's youngest son, accepted the chastening, and called his sons held that Jephthah was unauthorized which makes it evident that, at some time to an account, but, like many another faand under condemnation in thus imduring the interim between him and Phinether, foolishly fond, he did no more than to has, the sacred succession had changed from remonstrate with them, and permitted them molating his child, and it is pointed the house of Eleazer to that of his younger to remain in office and continue their evil out by the historian of today as evibrother. The scriptures are silent as to the careers unchecked.

dence of how far God's people had wandered from His law, that such deeds could be done among them, and accounted, as it undoubtedly YOUR HOUSE IN ORDERwas by Jephthah, a religious and imthat they the the the of revealed; Lord shall cometh who day be arm and

neither his servants, of the theperative duty. We have nothing to **A ndwill neither voice not of the hear voice Lord,

offer in confutation of these plausgive heed to the words of the prophets and apostles, shall be cut off from among ible views, except it be the suggesthe people.—Doc. & Cov. 1:14.

tion that, if God really required We are living in the "last days."The prophecies, both ancient and

modern, are being fulfilled. The judgments are being poured out upon theJephthah to slay his daughter—as nations.

He once commanded Abraham to To Latterday Saints this is a time of fulfillment. The words of thesacrifice his only son—then was prophets of this dispensation are being justified as are those of the prophets

Jephthah justified, no> matter what of Bible and Book of Mormon times.

fail signs of Saint of the to warnings should heed the No Latterday for thoseour narrow views may be concerning the times. the struck comhas would obey who The hour

it. As the Scriptures do not say that mandments. The time has come for every member to set his house in order.

God commanded or required it, it What shall we do to put our houses in order? The answer is clear.

the authorities of the counsel the of follow commandments; Obey theleaves the stake, day. Observe the Sabbath ward. and Honor the subject open to speculaChurch—general,tion. offerings. tithes the poor. our and Help Pay of Wisdom. Word

In the Doctrine and Covenants, Section 136, these admonitions are

Ibzan, a Zebulonite, Elon, of the given same tribe, and Abdon, son of... Seek ye; and keep all your pledges one with another; and covet not that

Hillel, a Pirathonite, followed conwhich is thy brother's.

secutively as judges. Little is said Keep yourselves from evil to take the name of the Lord in vain, for I am the

Lord your God, even the God of your fathers, the God of Abraham and of Isaac of their administrations, except that and of Jacob....

during the first a freer intercourse Cease to contend one with another; cease to speak evil one of another.

was encouraged with the surroundCeaseIf thoudrunkenness;borrowest ofandthylet neighbor,your wordsthoutendshaltto edifyingrestore onethatanother.which thou hast

ing nations, Ibzan himself setting borrowed; and if thou canst not repay then go straightway and tell thy neighbor,

lest he condemn thee.

the example by marrying his chilIf thou shalt find that which thy neighbor has lost, thou shalt make diligent dren to foreigners. search till thou shalt deliver it to him again.

Thou shalt be diligent in preserving what thou hast, that thou mayest be a wise steward; for it is the free gift of the Lord thy God, and thou art his steward....

of one name The their the judges—allowing the of like a calamity, of sorrow, cometh even days day now And

that there indeed were is of thefifteen—is travail; that their unless in great be taken they speedily sorrow shall and not furwoman

Scriptures, nished it is generally but by the... speedily. repent, yea, very

that the thirteenth held the famous was Samlisten therefore, elders of together; people and ye you Now, my church; O ye child son, a Danite of promise, and who received kingdom. have my born to and grew duringwas a manhood all lest in diligent keeping judgments commandments, upon you, come Be my

his time native land overrun when was by... fail faith enemies triumph you, you. over and your and your

the warlike powerful nation of and the

Philistines, inhabiting the low plains beBrethren and sisters, let us follow the advice and counsel of the the tween of mountains western Palestine the Lord. of servants us Let obey the commandments. Let us put our

is the of shores and the what as known now order the serve Lord. houses in and

It Mediterranean Sea. against the was

Philistines that this redoubtable champion, tion from the speech director, and M Men basketball season is here preparation made for an intelligent again. This year eligibility rules for

ftecutives congregationalPrayer. reading of the Lord's thewill teambe rigidlymembersenforced.are veryIt strictis alwaysand

Probably the most important social unfortunate when a team is kept from5 feature of the year is the New Year's competition because one man has not

THANKSGIVING MESSAGE Eve Party, scheduled for Tuesday, maintained the necessary standards, npHANKSGiviNG should give all LatterDecember 31. We are especially eager yet this is sometimes the case. Gleaner

A day Saints pause for thought. Espethat our young people be entertained Girls can either help the M Men keep

cially should it cause those who are in a wholesome manner, that they have the rules or they can influence them to working with the youth of the Church a glorious time, and that because of violate the regulations "just this once."

to be grateful for the opportunity that our careful planning they feel that a Again we emphasize the fact that is theirs to mould the lives of those who clean, upright party is more enjoyable nothing in the way of teas, receptions, come to them for guidance. By the than one which they remember halfor parties should be given on Sunday

force of their examples as well as by ashamedly. As executives, plan this afternoons, and Firesides should althe vigor of their teachings, they can social especially carefully so that it ways be in keeping with the Sabbath

lead people in the way they should go. will attract all Mutual members and all day with a program of study or disAt this Thanksgiving time, we as exwho should be Mutual members and cussion definitely outlined.

ecutives should also like to express our that, having attracted them, they will regratitude to you officers for the truly member it as the outstanding event of efficient manner in which you are carrythe social calendar.

ing your work forward. Without yourcapable and enthusiastic response to fi$pjili

the demands made upon you, the greatcause of the Mutual Improvement As-—o>sociations could not progress as it has OlIfcbTeaners THE READING COURSE

been progressing. TJTere are five ways to motivate the

this sea-—Cb all at Thanksgiving us Let the Explorer of A A Reading Course SUGGESTIONS for freeappreciationson, indicate our for this year: (See OcFOR M MENDepartment GLEANER READINGS true of government by teachingdom Refertober Reading Course Era for

living acprinciples anddemocratic by for the ences. preone evening ) A lthough

in principles both these tocording Mu- "senting Readings MenGleaner tell 1. the of to Select Explorer M an one us, moreover, elsewhere.tual Let and is is this past, carried project on stories the Course. of Reading may He Father to thankfulness ourindicate our will year. the throughout Suggestions the in story selecting review aided he can be the restoration of forin His heaven best. find will month. appear each two You troublous these that duringGospel 2. stories the the boys. with about Talk suggested the passages from New definite knowledgetimes have can stories. in the to characters attention the we Call the class for to Testament memorize—

stories of of the part stop should aof one Relate and and we what do how we as those such below.

it. finish to point. at them a Urge key ourselves.should comport

SPEECH MANUAL gospelPassagesof theforkingdomNovember:shall be"Andpreachedthis Reading3. PresentCourse.each Explorer(See Log aNo.copy10, ofpagethe

all 87.) for in all the unto a witness world the response delighted with are"\T7e 4. to fact that reading the Call attention

shall then come."the end and *"to the manual new speech Thy nations; listed is stories the the requirements of one

Speech Bewrayeth Thee* We are cer-—Matthew 24:14. for the Arrowhead Award. Adopt the

slogan: Explorer an Arrowhead find Every will that thetain Mutual much ".. I that they might have come am Winner. Award that this in assatisfaction course and it that might have they more and. the 5. before a Book of Mormon Take its entire theresult studied being of 10:10. it interest to motivate boys. in what a life,abundantly."—St. Use in markedly improveMutual If or Stake Gleaner any it stories Men included contains, the especially MJohn like to encouragespeech. should Wewill the received has not Supervisor mimeoin the Course. Explorers Reading Most

both the manual and activity coungraphed sheets on the reading course have never examined or opened the Book selors to give their wholehearted supprojects containing the Quiz on the of Mormon.

port to the speech program this year. the Testament and dayby-day New OF REGISTERING IMPORTANCE the assignments, to send Young REREGISTERING PROGRAMDRAMA Men's AND Street. Office at 50 I. A. North Main M."NTow is the time to begin planning The oftexpressed report that the EXPLORERS

the drama program, remembering to Bible is the best seller is still true in Tt is a distinct opportunity for older include the Explorers and Juniors in the this year of 1940. The article by Bryant boys of the M. I. A. to become afscheduling of the drama evenings. S. Hinckley in the October Era will filiated with the Boy Scouts of America.

PREVIEW OF DECEMBER serveAlthoughas anGleaningintroductoryweek hasapproach.passed, icaAlmosthas aneveryactivecommunitygroup of inhightypeAmer-WORKS unless you have bound your ward sheaf, citizens serving as leaders and members

HpHE Sunday evening service for Deyour Gleaning Committee is still very of executive committees. These men

A cember should be planned immeactive, trying every day to get more are proud of the honor bestowed upon diately. The theme around which it is Gleaners to join the M. I. A. them by such a call to service.

centered is "We Live With Great W rhile you are Gleaning, don't forOur experience with troops in allCharacters—Christ, the Teacher."get nonmembers of the Church. One parts of the Church has convinced usThe reading of the Sermon on the ward in Idaho has only two girls of of two facts—that registration of ExMount should be assigned, and the Gleaner age living within its boundaries, plorers with the Boy Scouts of America

speech teacher asked to help in its yet attendance at class has reached is possible and desirable. A few reapreparation so that it will be given well. twentyfive girls, twentythree of whom sons why older boys should register

The three talks should receive attenwere not Church members. follow:

. )

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

Mutual Messages ORRIN PORTER ROCKWELL (a) It stabilizes the organization. It pro- (Concluded from page 659) in following the trails of lawbreak-

to of belonging a sense duces something ally traveled around with President ers. Where other men could hardly

It "floating,"tangible. prevents a

transient, indefinite membership which Young. He was not a very large see a trail with the horses at a walk.

is demoralizing. man, he was quite small."Porter could follow at a gallop, As

(b) It connects us with a highlyrespected Says James H. Jennings of Rock- a peace officer he unflinchingly faced

international This movement. affiliaville, Utah; "I saw Porter Rockwell the most dangerous criminals and worldwide tion affords an avenue for

recognition of our Church and its ideals. many times, but never got acquaintdesperados of the region and the

(c) It makes available a foundation proed with him. He was a very husky times, until his name eventually begram unequalled anywhere. This proman, cheerful and liked by all."came a terror to all lawbreakers.

includes: gram

1. Information on more than one hunAt any rate, regardless of the conHe was unexcelled as a reinsman,

dred vocational and avocational fusion as to what his exact appearand no one was superior to him as a flesh. his of horse ranch underjudge Porter subjects assembled ance was, in an From was a7 man's man, standable and interesting manner in Skull famous, those Valley by wiry, came born fighter. and a

field. in each tireless horses, exwiry, his bearing rude Despite the "O. rough and of system advancement and 2. Aexperts

for terior brands, generbig-hearted Tree""Cedar and P."and he was internationally. recognized awards

3. Characterbuilding children values incorous. famloved and his the day's route was never too whom He

porated in an attractive program It is ily. tough. 6 that proverbial he was

to adapted boys of Explorer age. stolidly true to his friends. LawThis man filled a niche in the early 4. It affords instruction and guidance

in an advanced camping program. abiding citizens respected him and history of the Church and Utah

5. Makes available the experience of thought well of him, but every crimwhich no other man could have filled

specialists in the field of boy leaderinal hated and feared him. so successfully. Loyal to the Prophship. et, and servant of the people was 6. Opportunities for high adventure in He passed through dangers, uncamping, athletics, social activities, scathed, as numerous as those rethis unique character, Orrin Porter

and education adapted to a young corded in the most lurid fiction. He Rockwell.

liking. man's had a natural and uncanny instinct ( To be Continued use the Explorer program in whole (d) To

or part without registering is unfair 7After much interviewing of old timers and reading material writer written the and inconsistent our with agreement large not a man, isprobablyinclined 160to believelbs. that 21,8Deseret1918. News, "Leaves From Old Albums,"Dec. Porter was

relationship the with and National

Council. (Concluded on page 684) A WOMAN'S PLACE (Continued from page 660) the dog, largely to remind the tramp his presence. tramp mumbled The a of about gone been had TheyLincoln's Proclamation his Ellen shut thanks the door and hour, Ellen of quarter an and was

it. quietly locked and just starting the stairway to up goof Thanksgiving

to her own room when she heard a She locked the front door, also, ( Concluded [com page 665) knock at the back door. This was and then sat down in the livingroom

the return of the folks. await She curito to arouse unusual her enough last theobserve Thursday of Novemat not all nervous and with was visitorsber next as a because of thanksgiving always day came and osity

praise to our beneficent Father who to> the front door and the two hired Scout and the radio for company dwelleth in the heavens. And I recommen had left long before. was not even lonesome. Jim had

mend to them that, while offering up the With Scout barking ahead of her left a good fire in the grate and she it justlyascriptions for sindozing before to some been due had Him for to the kitchen she and opened wentgular blessings, deliverances they and time Scout, been had when who the sorriest of the door one upon also, for withdo penitence humble our the house, about awakened individuals that appearing she had prowlingnational perverseness disobedience, and (Continued page oncommend to His tender care all those laid eyes on in many a year. He 684)

who have become widows, orphans, was not an old man, but evidently mourners, or sufferers in the lamentable old in the ways of following the road.

civil strife in which we are unavoidably He took off a dilapidated hat and engaged, and fervently implore the insaid, "Could you spare me a bite to terposition of the almighty hand Bible to eat, I KnowYour Mum?"

|heal of the nation, the to wounds and Ellen reyet Bradford had never it,restore as as consistent soon be may told meal, fused so a she anyone.. | ftatt&h! fullwith the to purposes, the Divine ]

to sit the steps the on down man ofenjoyment peace, tranall the harmony, chart portraying A helpful quility, and union. while she went back to make some important characters, and events in

In testimony whereof, I have heresandwiches. She briefly considered | Bible history. j

setunto inside to quickly the seal inviting caused him eat but and my hand, of the to States United be affixed. that dirty I INVALUABLE TO ALL decided too much he was

j Done at the city of Washington, this to come in contact with the perfect j STUDENTS OF THE third day of October, in the year of cleanliness of the Bradford kitchen. j BIBLE

our eight one thousand Lord hundred to missionaries; Will prove a help of a panful up She fried eggs and sixtythree,and the of independand being used many. now by it into sandwiches, and made Statesence of the the eightybacon, United to $1.00 address post paid any plate, toout handed them on aeighth. chart notes. and

Abraham Lincoln. gether with a pitcher of milk and a

By the President: William H. Seward, glass. "You can just leave the things | P. A. CLAYTON

Secretary of State. on the step when you are through,"7224 Halldale Ave.

(Reprinted by courtesy of the Lincoln National Life she said, "and I'll pick them up later. Los Angeles, Calif.

Foundation.) Stay back, Scout,"she commanded

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

A WOMAN'S PLACE ( Continued from page 683 a few seconds with Scout dashing Star would be likely to come the her by barking and pawing at her back and forth barking vociferously. same way. The mare snorted and

dress. The barn door was wide open, so pawed the ground. It wasn't going

she knew that the tramp had fled to be too easy. The air was becoming

.For a moment she thought the coward! He might at least have frightfully thick now, too, and the

that the folks had returned and went stayed long enough to tell her. fire, which had fortunately been on

to the front door but found no one Which should she take out first, the the other side, was eating its way there. This, too, was clearly not in horses or Bess? It didn't really matrapidly to this part of the barn.

accord with what Scout wanted, for ter because she was determined to "Come on, Nan,"she coaxed.

he barked a vigorous protest and ran get them all out safely. "Good old Nan. There's nothing to

toward the kitchen. Ellen, now fully She took a few precious moments be afraid of."

awake and not a little alarmed, folto soothe and reassure the cow and She gave a tug to the rope. It was

lowed him, and before she could then put the blanket over her head now or never. If Nan wouldn't

reach the kitchen door she knew and led her out. She was not sure come, she would have to take a

what had happened. Through the that a blanket was a necessary prochance on Star, or leave them both

kitchen window shone a terrifying cedure with cows, never before havif she was to save her own life.

glow. The barn was on fire. ing had any firsthand experience Nan reared her head in protest once

"That tramp!"she said under her with fire, but she couldn't take time more and then followed Ellen's urbreath. "I should have seen that he to find out otherwise. The animal gent leading.

got off the place."She unlocked the came docilely enough, although it Outside she coughed the smoke

door and was half way down the seemed terribly slow to the anxious out of her lungs, cast a fearful look steps when she remembered that she woman, and after the smallest posat the flames mounting into the sky, would have to get something to put sible distance she turned her loose and rushed back into the barn again over the horses'heads before leadand hurried back to the flaming barn. after Star. Far down the road she

ing them out. What was handiest? She did hope that the horses heard the siren of a fire truck and

She couldn't take time to go upstairs wouldn't be more difficult. realized with swift gratitude that

for a blanket; the flames were alThere was no time to be lost and some neighbor had sent in an alarm.

ready bursting through the roof on she could only try and hope for the She had just succeeded in bringing the north side; she would have to best. She slipped the blanket over Star outside the blazing structure

take the small Navajo on the couch. Nan's head first and then untied the when the engine was driven into the

She ran back to the living room, halter. Nan was the leader of the yard and the men began leaping onto

snatched it up, and was out again in two and if she came out peaceably, the ground. ( Continued on page 685)

all leaders urge Junior to study BRIGHTON HOME 24 over pages to 35 inclusiveMutual Messages overWeand (Concluded from page 683) of the manuals. Leadership raised to In memory of outing at Brighton with

the "nth degree"is all we need to do BeeHive Girls this Silver Jubilee Year a superb job in our work. "Leadership"

means study and preparation away beSurrounded by the peaks of mountains high the to incense sky that pines breathe an And It use. to anything expect yond dunioi's we

is the in haunt Brighton summer The Home for enthusiasm the Gospel means... girls... lighthearted come Of many—0 It girls. for the enthusiasm and flaunt to truly that are us show ThankweT et "57 tact, ingenuity, means and and feel in festive their hearts joy young The*"* ful to for our Father the Heavenly It adaptability. varieties"of means song

gifts in this the blessed land, of Gospel or, long laughter; the whole day happy that are whatever And and wherever you

by doing something to improve our you are doing, you have Juniors in the To spend in pleasant rambles on the trails environment. Beautification begins at back of your mind and you "pick up"That lead to mountain tops and pineclad

nooks, class our perour and homeshome—in will anything with a which magnet mind clear the sheen blue of flowers, of Perfume Ifsonal cannot homes. spend even we or variety the help give impress work lakes little orderly achieve cana money, we presentations. to eyes your your Keep full spacious the mountain's and Brimming cleanliness,arrangements, peace and for ideas open on cups. now "light"-—new little all effort of of partwith a on in boats, the of Silver will take stories span that twists dramatize Lake and To

ifus. go can And we the road, ride mountain horseback on on Or Light. the lessons Gospel and Your You farther—pictures,the

paint, freshflowers, faces, the their thud way and wind upon The if curtains—the 26th, begin and November They

is clean, the great horses'hoofs to improvements. open brown upon Talk Of leaders adequately study and Junior

earth. presidents bishopsto and your and the to prepare themselves hunger meet is fresh, air there cool clean and no Of done. can see andmothers be what idealistic of enthusiasm young and dearth, real achieved a year This have we will served minds, themthey have its to limb embrace; blood respond and And joys of of valuesunderstanding the and all their o'er living of place; selves as breathes the well as joy The girls—strength- I records, Story, Forget. Lest Fine findsMy food, in respite wholesome hunger Keen fortifying for testimonies, ening hearts

delightful mementoes, happy moments, what may be difficult days! And rest at night is deep and sweet and

more ability to express ourselves, good.

greater discrimination—all these are inside the covers of our books along with And now, to Brighton Home we sing a song!

the obvious pictures and penmanship. A song as happy as the mountain wind,

the clean as and perfumed wholesome As is girls to leaders the value andThe 6jr|s air, jBeeHiVeendless. children grandour and And hearts gather there that as the joyous As MD—these to treasurechildren are going

, returns) once again summer (When books too. Don't let them rest idly Helen Martin Home, BeeKeeper in The woods and lakes and mountainsto e'enfind

after November 19th. Let's keep going 21st Ward, submitted this poem as her more fair....

until the "checkup"lesson on April 8th. Silver Jubilee contribution:... And God is kind!

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

A Woman's Place (Continued from page 684) NOW "Good grief, Ellen, is that you?"

oafequcu'ded forran ascried he Steve Daley, Children Need the safety. to horse the to help leadward

"Where's your men folks?""Jim's gone to meet the train,"Precious Vitamin D MPOftTAflT WAYS

Ellen replied, when she could get... richly supplied by this milkher breath. "And why shouldn't this

be me?"When the sun's rays (nature's source of vitamin D)

Steve had no ready answer for that are cut off by winter clouds, clothing and indoor life one, or at any rate, not the time to... that's when children need Cloverleaf Milk more

prewith is enriched All Milk Cloverleaf ever. than Ellen walkedenlarge and upon it,

ultrairradiation with vitamin cious sunshine by D the could watch she to whereback

It vitais irradiated Salt Lake's violet rays. ONLY

fight to save the house and other min D fresh milk.

buildings, since there was no chance Costs No More Than Ordinary Milk now to do anything about the barn.

1 he blaze had pretty much died down when Jim, Polly, and the others drove into the yard."The horses—and Bess?"shouted Cloverleaf

Jim as he ran toward his mother. Home Of Fine Dairy Products

"They're all right, Jim,"Ellen answered reassuringly.

"Thanks to your Ma there,"added Steve, who was standing near, firefight- in his laborsresting from - M t 9 DISTINCTIVE into the before barn wenting. "She

any of us got here and brought 'emall out safe and sound."}jladSibu Chocolates

"Oh, Mother, you didn't!"gasped Ask Your Polly. "That's terrible. We

should never have left you alone."FAVORITE DEALER

"Humph, I guess your Ma can take care of herself,"said Steve For ladiLL laconically. older generation "The time like NEW ERA it takes at ahas got what

this."ELITE and

Polly could only nod assent, and HUMPTY DUMPTY she and Ellen took their guests inCHOCOLATES side while Jim stayed out with the (Also for Glade's XMAS Chocolates and Package Candies) men until there was no longer any danger of the flames bursting out Made by again.

Early the next morning Ellen was GLADE CANDY COMPANYdownstairs while Jim was still out 55 SALT LAKE CITY W. 8TH SOUTH ST.

milking the cow. She wore her big,

blue work apron over her dress and "If Its GLADE'S—It's Good."

a look of cheerful determination on her face. She had just put the bread

into the oven to toast for the dressing and was beginning to go over the turkey for the last of the pin feathers when Jim came in from his W I NSTOti 'International morning chores.

"Hello, Mother,"he said, making Ofora good show of pretending that it for EveryBIBLESPerson, Purse, or Purpose was the usual thing to see her in the Teachers'Bibles andfor YoungScholars'PeopleBibles Lhnstmas...

kitchen this early in the morning. Large Type Bibles

"Were you able to sleep after all the BiblesConcordance... RedBiblesLetter. Bibles.. Zipper.. Send an ERA subscription.

excitement?"IllustratedBiblesBibles... Testaments... LowPriced The ERA will send a gift

said, busily "Certainly,"she going brings Postcard new FREE card to each one for whom Bible from Catalog Head- "I've her work. been always withon for quarters. it Today. Send subscribe. you sleep. to thing That'sable one CO. C. WINSTON JOHN THE

that helps keep me strong and 470 Winston Bldg., Philadelphia

healthy. You can bring in the pumpPublishersGod's Minute,Hurlbut'sand otherStoryreligiousof the Bible,books

kins if you're looking for something [Concluded on page 686)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

A Woman's Place ( Concluded from page 685

to do. It takes a lot of pies to feed

a family like ours."

"Especially when they're your pies,"Jim said, his face brightening in anticipation.

For YOUR BUILDING She had finished with the turkey

OR MODERNIZING JOB andcrustwaswhenjustPollystartingappearedout onuponthe thepie scene. "I guess I overslept, what

A perfect job requires perfect materials with the excitement last night, and that's why we sell and recommend 4- all,"she said, groping for words

Square This Lumber. famous trademark situation while the gradually was

KilnDried to prevent on shrinkage. of every length is full lumber assurconsciousness. her dawning upon Uniformly quality. of high ance true value maximum and economy. A

"I start see that have a you good to finished Machine squared and & Let help us with you construction home avoid needless cutting and waste. everything."modernizing problems. and Reroof, add with lengths. Standard extra inrooms, modernizing replied Ellen blandly. "I "Yes,"For for permanence, time, in savings

with and out no down time getting for better results—use 4-Square Lumside it was I was t ', O O thought ber. payment. Terms as low as J going. everything she know,"You

"I believe continued, I learned someSugar House Hardware Co Lumber & last night. thing time a long For Pres. O. U. ASHTON, B. RICHARDS, HORACE

1174 East 21st South 6-8601 Dial sitting I've here been around Mgr now like I was a useless old woman, but

I guess if I can fight a fire, I'm still young enough and strong enough to cook a Thanksgiving dinner."

MAMMOTH MINING An Adventure In

Old City Creek COMPANY {Continued from page 664)

SEVENTY YEARS OF MINING wow and box each other and wrestle about like two tumbleweeds. The

SEVENTY YEARS OF TAX PAYING withlittle rascalseach otherwere thatso playfullyI went closerfierce to them and laughed time and again

SEVENTY YEARS OF WAGE PAYING astheirtheytinystruckpaws atandeachsqualledother withwith delight at each new attempt to try their strength. Naturally I wanted

Dividends have been paid to take them down with me as pets, but I had neither rope nor sack, and in twentythree of those for the moment couldn't figure how years. to accomplish the feat."

"Well, what did you do?"I enquired.

"I'll never forget the next few

MINES AT MAMMOTH, minutes,"he continued. "As I squatJUAB COUNTY, UTAH ted there enjoying their antics the

tunnel suddenly went almost dark,

I looked the—Offices backand toovermy myuttershoulderhorror, towardsas

SALT LAKE CITY—and MAMMOTH, UTAH entrance, there stood inside the

mouth of the tunnel the huge mother bear! I was trapped between a shebear and her cubs—trapped in this

see, tunnel as is only which, you I. A. M. OFFICERS feet six feet about five wide and AND DIFFERENT FOR SOMETHING NEW

PROGRAM! ASSEMBLY THAT MAINIK USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS high. My first thought was one of Your Mutual Take on A TRIP TO AUSAids in treatment of Canker, simple TRALIA, Via Hawaii, Tahiti, Samoa, Fiji condemnation of myself to think

and New Zealand I'd throatsore not to have what a fool been and other minor mouth

THE LATEST SOUND situation; the irritations. for a AND COLORED anticipated suchand throat MOVIES

One Hour's Unique Entertainment only weapon I had was a prosNominal Charge

I like pector's this pick little one Apply BEN ALWARDHall's Canker Remedy lone 4-2431—121 1st Ave., I'll Salt Lake City have hand now. Whew! in my

at Salt 536 East 2nd So. Lake City, Utah

never forget this tunnel!"

How OILPLATING maintains needed

An Adventure In lubricant in advance... for Safe Quick Starts

Old City Creek "What in the world did you do?"

I asked as I surveyed the length and size of the tunnel with my eyes.

"Well, the bear gave one big 'woof the moment she saw me, and then arose on her hind feet with every hair bristling, as I could well see by the light at her sides. She

seemed to hesitate about tackling me, for it was quite evident to her that I wasn't hurting those noisy little rascals in the end of the tunnel, but it was equally apparent to her, The extra manmade substance in Germ

I that not be I must suppose, bonds perProcessed oilConoc oil—patented—to them. nearermitted any to go It stays parts lastingly. plating to engine

shortly befed them have mustShe couldn't be prompter there. And lubricant

for scene, thefore upon come I had parts, for precious in smoothing the way fighting little ruffians preferredtheto eating and paid no attention to us. instead of letting them grind. At Your Processed

"The bear bristled, came down on Mileage Merchant's Conoco station toall four feet, took a couple of steps day, change to this longlasting oil that Oil towards me, made a breathy, snarloil-plates. Continental Oil Company

ing sound with her lips and teeth, and then arose again on her haunches. I could feel my hair

move all over my scalp and under my cap, for I was afraid to move in either direction.". I myself could do nothing but.EVERYHOME

stare, since being inside the actual tunnel made the scene real indeed. can easily have the best "Finally,"continued my prospector friend, "I decided to edge

away toward the cubs, but, when I in Automatic Heating did so, the old bear became so threatening that I stopped in my tracks.

.Then she did something that instantly stopped SEE VIOkl RMIIK fighting of the little the snarlingfellows—sheand

whined with that peculiar tone in stoker bring coal Stokermatic Let the famous must which mean languagebear into healthful, constant abundant, warmth rate, any here.'At'Come of comfort enjoy home, they clean,your world and a new

ceased their tumbling, but, seeing at a savings of 20% to 60% over former heating me, refused to come by me. In costs.more completeCall for ainformationfree homeheatingtoday! surveyNo obligaand

other words, the attitude of the tion. Telephone NOW!

mother must have told them I was danger, and at the same time she THE them to come to her pastwanted STOKERMATIC 1415 South State Street Salt Lake City, Utah COMPANYTelephone G-8G56me.

"Well, I suppose all four of us tried to figure it out. As you know

full well, a grizzly in a similar circumstance would have made mince a whereasmeat of in no time, me SALT LAKE YOURNORTHEVERYDAY hesitates to attack bearblack a man except when its cubs are actuallybawling with peril. She knew I FOR YOUR CASH MARKET

wasn't hurting them. They stood

theirrestlesslike, swinging heads QoJtih, diotylL. and. Shs&p'side. side touncertainly from

Producers Livestock The Ass'n. Market and Utah "Then I hit on an idea—I slowly ate market on our and have salesmen competent whoLivestocksecure youCommissionthe top Co.dollaroperfor

stood up as close to one side of the your consignment thru competitive bidding.

tunnel as I could, supporting myself with my hands against the top Salt Lake Union Stock Yards as I leaned over it, thus leaving as North Salt Lake, Utah (Concluded on page 688) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

An Adventure In Old City Creek (Concluded from page 687) With a 'woof she was away, with n much of the hole as possible free. the two little ruffians behind her, When Inch by inch I edged towards the while I slumped to the floor of this

u cubs, holding my feet as high as tunnel right here, utterly alone."

I could against the sides. They "There is much in the action of

looked at every movement and so those bears that I want to think did she; and then, at last, as if comabout—for instance, do animals

little I the as cubs caught on scooted ed?"observed and we slowly U Home Burns prehension had come upon us all, know when evil is and is not intendtheir beneath out mother. canyon. up the trudged onward me to

There's a certain amount of comfort to know that should fire destroy your home tonight that you are covered by Fire IS THE FRONTIER CLOSED?

Insurance. (Continued 658) page from closed. And, he asked, what will

ii will insurance indemnify Such do now? the Indians America few where for the loss incurred you and semiaridity allow you to rebuild your were chronically famished and were What did America do after 1890?

home without financial hardaccustomed to regard grasshoppers She went ahead much as she had ship. as tasty morsels. They came, therebeen doing for generations, with

It's worth a good deal to have fore, to a region where they had to the exaggeration, of course, of certhis protection in these times. adopt radically unfamiliar methods tain tendencies. Probably most imSee our agent in your town. of agriculture, methods which inportant, she continued to build up

vited errors that could have been her cities. Ever since the year

UTAH HOME FIRE fatal. If you do not think so, recall 1820, the flow of population into the

INSURANCE CO. theginia,deathsa regionfromfarstarvationmore productivein Virercitiesthanhadthe beenfrontiernumericallymovement.greatBut

HEBER J. GRANT & CO. naturally than Utah ever was. the frontier also went on: in the

General Agents The Mormons, as a matter of first onethird of this century, 22 South Main Street fact, may be said to have driven Americans filed original entries on

Salt Lake City, Utah a thick opening wedge into a moisenough land to make a belt about miles the twentyeight around wide turedeficient includes region which 23E.3 CZ =cr: ar globe, thickest part of the or an half nation. of the of the area According to Dr. John A. Widtsoe's area equivalent to nearly fourfifths

book DryFarming, more than sixty of the Louisiana Purchase. Time

per cent of continental United after time in these lands men were

States may be classed as deficient in defeated by aridity, wind, crop rainfall. Most of this vast area of pests; time after time they succeeddesert, semidesert, and subhumid ed with better methods of cultivaHAPPY land might well have remained a tion, new machinery, new crops, or

closed frontier if men had not been hardier seeds, with courage and resourceful, persistent, and coupersistence. BIRTHDAY! rageous. Out of men's minds have The real significance of 1890 apcome many weapons and tools with pears to be this: about that time a

TO A GREAT which to subjugate the stubborn confluence of forces made definite

LEADER west.of cultivation,Irrigation barbedand newwire,methodsthe optimismprogress inin ourunderminingliterature romanticand our

windmill—these are only a few tophilosophic outlook. Some of the

kens of man's fertility of inner reforces at work were, apparently, an HEBER source; each has played a signifiinflux of pessimistic, naturalistic

cant part in the winning of a dry literature and philosophy from

J. wilderness.But reference must be made to the theabroad,physicala deepeningaspects ofabsorptionlife, and ina

most famous "closing"of the growing feeling that man was perfrontier, to the year most generally haps the slave instead of the masGRANT accepted as the time when America ter of natural law. There began to

left the frontier behind—left nationarise a wave of disillusionment, disal youth and free opportunity becouragement, and selfpity. Ed

hind. The year is 1890. The suHowe with his misanthropic, luguperintendent of the census for that brious Story of a Country Town was

year declared it almost impossible an early symptom of what was goto draw a frontier line any more ing on in one current of our national HOTEL because the unsettled area had been thought. Hamlin Garland, early

so broken into by "isolated bodies interpreter of the "middle border,"feeling this of settlement."Referring to to contributed the vague UTAHCUV statement, that Frederick against turned TurJackson nature had man fMa/iOqtnqTOOMBSDircc/ot

ner averred that a great historic at last and that human beings were movement was ended; the westward victims of forces beyond their conmovement, the era of free land, was trol. He declared that, in the late

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

IS THE FRONTIER CLOSED?

eighties, when drought and depresevidence of depleted natural reWe acclaim science for its thousion were scourging the Great sources. sands of miraculous discoveries and

Plains, the Dakota homesteaders Nature, as a matter of fact, has useful gifts; yet what are these but

were filled with a "sullen rebellion literally unlimited resources for us. miracles of the human mind and enagainst government and against This is not to say that we have ergy and spirit working with God?

God."He declared that the entire free land to offer young homemak- A humble, darkskinned scientist in

frontier movement was a madness; ers as in the old days of the coonthe south has found hundreds of

that no land had ever been free land: skin cap and the long rifle. In a new uses for peanuts; let us be

that it had been bought at exorbifew relatively small areas, to be grateful to the mind and spirit of tant rates of blood and sweat and sure, reclamation projects will make that thinker, George Washington tears. And, he finally asked, are new farms possible. The Grand Carver, and not to the peanuts! As

we marching toward a false goal? Coulee dam is expected to enable soon as we appreciate the boundless

several hundred thousand persons possibilities of human beings, we pROM the drought and depression to support themselves on productive begin to catch visions of endless literature of the eighties and farms. But these areas are only progress and achievement; dull lifenineties to the dustbowl literature drops in the bucket of national need. less rock and earth become transof the 1930's, from Garland's MainNo one should minimize the fact figured.

Travelled Roads to Steinbeck's that our most obvious natural reOur gold and silver deposits, for

Grapes of Wrath f one powerful sources are appropriated, and some example, may now be worked down current in our literature has been are in part exhausted. Persons who to lowgrade ore, but our western

that of frustration, complaint, selflook only at the physical aspect of hills abound with a variety of nonpity, helplessness. From a literary things can find substantial reason metallic minerals which will be emstandpoint, the Frontier of Success for despair. But let us try to ployed for many purposes as science

has become the Frontier of Defeat. wrench our fascinated eyes away reveals new uses and efficient proproduction. Our semiMany of the books produced on the from external natural resources, such cesses of

Frontier of Defeat give the impresas virgin soil and silver and timprecious stones, our native juniper sion that the spirit and mind are of ber, and examine our internal natand other woods, and various other little or no importance, that physical ural resources. local materials can be used in a

nature is all, and that Mother NaWe have heard much about the variety of handicrafts. Into these,

ture is a brutal old monster who beForgotten Man, but the real forgotsome of us can pour unlimited intrays us and beats us into futility ten man in this age is the individual genuity and skill and artistry, wedand suffering. Frequently this human being and his mental and ding beauty with utility again to the

worldweary philosophy rests on physical and spiritual potentialities. (Concluded on page 690)

SEC *- rse- -ar "S ET J3 cr.a c= JZ g -= - -* -

i QUA TY MACHINERY disdfibu (p/wduoi. Qualify QhDfiA,

To help you we bend all our efforts toward getting the best merchandise to be had at prices you can afford to pay.

Distributors JOHN DEERE HORSE AND POWER EQUIPMENT.

PLANET JR. SEEDERS AND CULTIVATORS.

BEAR CAT HAMMER JVULLS.

MYERS PUMPS—POMONA PU1VIPS.

GENERAL TIRES—RADIOS AND BATTERIES. u

HIGHEST GRADE LIGHT AND HEAVY HARDWARE.

Consolidated Wagon & Machine Company

UTAH IDAHO WYOMING 33EZ ZCE 2T ZEE 2E zxxz I 3T 12X1 zzzz zsr: 3 2E 3E 689

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

Is the Frontier Closed?

(DhuL AT THE { Concluded from page 689) good of our souls and the support of our bodies.

Although our water resources are definitely limited, we can learn to utilize our water and land more efCafe ficiently through alert study of cultivation &"""methods, FOOD GOOD crops. new or improved fertilizers,We andcan THE ALL AMERICAN CAFE

devise wiser ways of marketing 224 South Main Street SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH products and byproducts. In the

arts, sciences, and industries, the possibilities are beyond power of prediction for the resourceful, energetic, and courageous. Our scenery is another source of aesthetic

and spiritual as well as material values. But the physical bases of aMILK WHITE EGGS"

First Choice for PraiseWinning Recipes thesebouldersresourcesand dirtare withoutmere worthlessthe ingenious mind and eager spirit of

Eggs are rich in essential food elements man working creatively with his maker. and should represent an important part What, then, of the frontier? Is it

of the family's daily diet. They're good, closed? The frontier has always

tool Especially if they are "Milk White"been closed to persons who lacked

Eggs, for advanced methods of feeding courage, energy, resourcefulness, and management have made these who pitied themselves and blamed others for their helplessnes. But eggs the finest you can buy. Look for

is still America young, the human them at your grocers when you shop! race is still young. We shall always find rich opportunities for personal development, fruitful labor,

UTAH POULTRY PRODUCERS'COOP. ASS'N andappreciatehelpful theservicehigheras longpowersas weof

"Milk White"Eggs are used in all M. I. A. Cooking Schools man and the Higher Power above

man.

Is the Urim What YOUR DAILY SEAL and Thummim?

{Continued from page 657) testations"or "revelations and visions."Even "oracles and manifestations"may be used if "oracles"

is used in the proper sense described in the Doctrine and Covenants (90:

4, 5; 124:39, 126).

Nevertheless, through you [Joseph Smith] shall the oracles be given to another, yea,

The cap that protects your even unto the church. And all they who

bottle of Arden Milk is receive the oracles of God, let them beware your constant assurance of our how they hold them....

neverending vigilance to... your oracles in your most holy places

bring you the most perfect milk wherein you receive conversations, and your capable of being produced. statutes and judgments, for the beginning of

Naturally, you'll like the suthe revelations and foundation of Zion....

flavor of quality and for I give unto Smith] him coun- [Joseph Pasteurized for Protection perior Arden, but appreselors servant Sidney and Rigdon my my more—you'll

ciate the of "Daily Arden Seal that servant conWilliam Law, these may

Safety"as a guarantee of abstitute a quorum and First Presidency, to solute purity. receive the oracles for the whole church. ARDEN MILK

Phone 3-2703 Having established what seems to us a more satisfactory meaning for

SEND AN "ERA"SUBSCRIPTION FOR CHRISTMAS urim and thummim we proceed to profit to faithful pleasure every "The of the and ERA gives Church member reads who to inspire the with desire reader a a tendencyhas his friends the to have share pleasure."it, and discuss the second problem which same

—Heber J. Grant. {Continued on page 692)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

X When A. H. Brailsford first came to the Idaho countryTwin

Falls was just sage brush. Still active at 73, he now has two

of his sons, Bill and Fred Brailsford, as partners in the family sheep business. There are eight Brailsford children and sheep

money has helped put seven of them through college. Brailsford and Sons ships about 6000 lambs a year. "We do pretty

well on wool, too,"Mr. Brailsford told me. "Our ewes give

around 50,000 pounds yearly. That's not a big clip for this

Mr. Brailsford's tips hardstate butfor I'vequality."alwaysMr.runBrailsfordjust a mediumsizewas one outfitof theandfirstworkedmemon buying lamb bers of the Idaho Wool Growers Association

gc make back legs two The youd what of courseJosts, call<J CAME out to the west from Canada when I was a leg of lamb"I kid, back in 1884,"A. H. Brailsford told me. "I started

cattle for the big punching Sparks and Temin outfit—fc the down backbone the "From later Sparks became Governor of Nevada. John chops, ribs are the the end of

they sell fast""I salted away most of my $30 a month wages and

I I to Falls where is now, kept came on when Twin lot is a the chops "Below I until to saving the enough present buy ranch had oflater, home stew for grand that's meat started business. in the a sheep and start Getting know was should P-p.e Tor.. pull for Brailsford tough Mrs. but myself and we made it about

it somehow.

know to seem people "Few "If prices get are high and sheepmen wool lamb some quarand legs front the that their outfits. just excited that's increase But and when my these *o meat, fine are ters outfit is I I've smallest also the because unloaded. ship my less cost cuts usually

hit of a so period over to lambs as not two months a bad market with the bulk of them.

"The main thing in any business is to take the lead and do things. That's what I like about Safeway. The way

"Safeway advertising has helped educate people to they have taken the lead in pushing lamb sales has been buy cuts of lamb that are not as well known as of great help to us sheepmen. Producerconsumer camroasts.chops and for us sheepmen good—other it paigns chains put and the on by Safeway on lamb

sells it's our for whole the and good product—That's prices."to stimulate a lot and stabilize lamb have doneconsumer, less too, because these well cuts known

are usually economical to buy"THE SAFEWAY FARM REPORTER

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

What Is the Urim and Thummim?

{Continued from page 690) relates to the manner in which the instrument functioned. It may at

first appear presumptuous on our part to do so in view of the fact that the

Prophet Joseph Smith consistently refused to discuss the point. Let us

make it clear at the outset, however, that we make no attempt to give a complete explanation. Our discussion is tentative in nature, but we

hope in the general direction of the

H. St truth.

It will be remembered that the urim and thummim used by the makes perfect Prophet was the one given by the

Savior to the brother of Jared on mm FINE toast the mount ( Doctrine and Covenants

BAKING BreaD ROYAL 17:1; Ether 3:23). That is to say, COMPANY the active parts of the instrument, Salt Lake & Ogden

celestial stones, were given to twopmJk

Every day at Your Grocer's 100% HomeOwned, 100% American the of brother Jared.

That the stones of the urim and thummim were from the celestial world should be a fact of supreme it seems to us—in THE ADVERTISERS importance—so

any attempted explanation of how and Where You Will Find Their Messages the sacred instrument functioned.

Somehow or other celestial material

Alexandria Hotel 696 Interstate Brick Co 643 seems to have helped bridge the

Alward, Ben 685 KSL Inside Back Cover chasm of the unknown for ancient

American President Steamship Lines700 L. D. S. Business College 697 and modern seers. A hint as to the

is prematerial such role played by Landes Tractor & Equipment Co 703 Beneficial Life Insurance Co in the Doctrine and to us sented Levi Strauss 703 - Back Cover

Borden's St. Charles Evaporated Mammoth Mining Co. 686 Covenants (130:8-10):

Milk 693 Midwestern Dairy Products 690 The place where God resides is a great

Brigham Young University 694 Mountain Fuel Supply Co. 699 Urim and Thummim. This earth, in its

will state, be made sanctified immortal and 641 Park Mining Co New

Burlington Chicago, & Quincy R. R...644 will and crystal Urim be like a unto and School of Beauty 696 Ogden

dwell inhabitants to the who Thummim Clayton's 683 Bible Chart Co. 648 Par Soap to all pertaining things thereon, whereby

Cloverleaf Dairy Products Co 685 Pembroke Company 648 an inferior kingdom, or all kingdoms of a to those will order, who be manifest Cafe 690 lower Peter Pan Consolidated Wagon & Machine

Christ's. this earth will be it; and dwell on 689 Purex Ltd 650 Company, Co

Continental Oil & Refining Co 687 Purity Biscuit Company 676 Thention 2: the17, willwhitebecomestone amentionedUrim and inThummimRevelaDenver & Rio Grande Western R. R...649 Quish School of Beauty Culture 698 to each individual who receives one, whereRed Comet Fire Extinguisher Co 644 by things pertaining to a higher order of

Deseret Book Company 668 Royal Baking Company 692 kingdoms will be made known.

Press Deseret.—702 News Stores, Inc Safeway 691 therefore, assume, not we May First Security Salt Corporation 698 696 Hardware Lake Co used in all humility a seer that when

Salt Stock 687 Yards Lake Union 641 Ford Motor Company for he was thummim urim the and

StarKist 693 Tuna 685 spiritual Glade Candy Co or in mental a being the time

Stokermatic Co. 687

that, of to analogous state Milling somewhat and Grain Globe Co 677 Sugar House 686 Lumber Hdwe. & Coin the mentioned "inhabitants"the Hall's Canker 686 Remedy Pacific Union Railroad 652

Hotel Lankershim 694 University Press 694 revelation above? That which was "manito be would him unknown Engraving Utah 693 Co 688 Hotel Utah Putto his mind. mirrored or fested"

Ins. Fire Utah 688 Home Co Press 693 Hovey in another way: The matter the Metal Industry Utah 674 ting Mining

Intermountain Beet Sugar Industry....645 Utah Oil & Refining Co 646 celestial nature of the urim and

Intermountain Knitting Mills 647 Utah Poultry Prod. Coop. Ass'n. 690 thummim enabled the seer by conInternational Harvester Co., Inc Utah Power & Light Co 695 centrating all of his spiritual faculties

Inside Front Cover Walker Bank & Trust Co 701 to pass into the realm of the unInternational Smelting & Refining Winston International Bibles 685 known and have the truth manifested

Co 675 Z. C. M. 1 651 to him. Using a technical term familiar to the chemist, the holy instrument was in effect a kind of spiritual

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

What Is the Urim and Thummim? GET STARKIST

"catalyzer"—it promoted an action

that otherwise could not readily go forward without its use.

It is quite evident that our explanation of how the urim and thummim functioned is not complete—indeed,

could not be under the circumstances. We shall be well satisfied

if it contributes a little to the understanding of a problem connected with the translation of the Book of

Mormon. Revelation alone can give Whyamwca

us a completely satisfactory answer.

is changing 70 starklst Evidences and (D Fancy Solid Pack is highest grade by Federal Law.

Reconciliations Enamellined cans insure flavor, color and purity. {Continued from page 673)

... This Church has never been led a (D StarKist is only the small, betterflavored Tuna.

day except by revelation. And He will

never leave it. It matters not who lives or

who dies, or who is called to lead this PURPLE LABEL IS FANCY SOLID PACK -GREEN LABEL IS READY GRATED it to lead by the theyChurch, have got inBOTH ARE THE VARIETY SO RICH IN NATURAL f D 1 N If theyspiration of Almighty God. do not

do it that way, they cannot do it at all....

I do not want the Latterday Saints to understand that the Lord is not with us, and that He is not giving revelation to us; for

He is giving us revelation, and will give us revelation until this scene is wound up.

I have had some revelations of late, and very important ones to me, and I will tell you what the Lord has said to me. Let me

bring your minds to what is termed the

Manifesto. The Lord has told me by revelation that there are many members of the

Church throughout Zion who are sorely tried in their hearts because of that Manifesto....

The Lord showed me by vision and revelation exactly what would take place if we did not stop this practice. If we

had not stopped it you would have had no use for... any of the men in this temple

at Logan; for all ordinances would be stopped throughout the land of Zion. Confusion would reign throughout Israel, and

many men would be made prisoners. This

the whole have upon trouble would come should been com- A Utah Product have Church, and we pelled to stop the practice. Now, the

question is, whether it should be stopped in this manner, or in the way the Lord has You'll pardon Elsie for taking Borden's St. Charles. Be sure and

manifested to us, and leave our Prophets personal pride in evaporated milk look for it today.

free fathers Apostles men, and and and one She's the by Borden's. made You'll discover several cans to

the of in people, the temples the hands so flavor responsible for its smooth be an economy. the that redeemed. be dead may richness. and

.... told. has exLord. The..me.

actly what to do, and what the result would But to Borden's must go the be if we did not do it.... But I want to credit for evaporating this goodsay this: I should have let all the temples milk, irradiating it with sunshine wiv$!3cnfoM%-

go out of our hands; I should have gone Vitamin D, and identifying it for

to prison myself, and let every other man your use with the familiar label: IT'S GOT TO BE GOOD

go there, had not the God of Heaven commanded me to do what I did do; and when the hour came that I was commanded to do WEDDING INVITATIONS

all it that, to clear before me. I went was ANNOUNCEMENTS AND I the told the Lord, wrote what and Lord for. 100 $4.50... write. tome we omit enwith invitations two paneled White COMPLETE A in the meeting same Logan At English or of Script Old choice velopes; SERVICE ENGRAVING

Portraits to Missionary From said: Service President the Largest Printing George Cannon Q.

Catalogues remittance accompanies Postage prepaid 24 whenHour to the of utmost extent Attention Orders Prompt Given Mail order We have striven this this ability that nation to convince our PRESS HOVEY CO. ENGRAVING UTAH

I religion. true principle of myself is a St. Utah PROGRAMS—TICKETS—INVITATIONS 113 Regent Salt Lake City, DANCE

Salt Lake City, Phone 3-0167 Temple, 21 East No. {Concluded on page 694)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS ( Concluded from page 693 the command of God to cause us to change our attitude. President Woodruff holds the

have testified before Presidents of the United same authority that the man did through

States, before Cabinet officers, before whom the revelation came to the Church.

judges of the Supreme Court, before memIt required that same authority to say to us, bers of the United States Senate and House "It is enough. God has accepted your sacof Representatives, and before committees rifice. He has looked down upon you and

of Congress, that I knew that doctrine was seen what you have passed through, and

I felt that I told them God. to His keep been have determined you if I had how OksucuL.. from

it damned, been have I would not obeyed It. is says, and commandments, now He

that authority gave It is the same

It is of not the i Alert young men and becausemand to theobeyLordthatgaveprinciple.to me a..direct. comenough."us the principle. word

to prison a thousand have gone Over (Deseret to man. Weekly, November 21, wish women who

official sincerity. our prominent to show A 1891, Vol. 43, p. 689.)

for will build the future this the to said Territory of a gentleman these that day: say to "They me to the other look ahead Certainly, now the "Manifesto"was

sincere. are says not people Why,"

full It has the he, based on revelation. of Winter Quarter I study sincere. myself are they went "I know

effect all of of a God. penitentiary to labored the with commandment and I at the UniverChurch

to convince the Lorenzo I had power Snow it are ignore breakers Those who sity. It is of the keystone his to willingness express that should he it of the the of Church. law And,

all the notwithstanding law; but obey my the year. academic that, kept under must in mind be notwithstanding persuasions, had he a and

year and a half sentence upon him, I could divine procedure, whenever the

Opportunities for trainnot move him. I believe he would have Church of God is established on

rather out shot than to have and been gone in ing vocanumerous legitimate Priesthood earth, no get of prison out said he would on is tions outside of the operates at the highwa- such power..."terms. ter mark in this term. God gave the command and it requited Church—/. A W.

More classes are offered <S>-*—

at than previous any is ESSENTIALS OF A BETTER WORLD time, provision and made for new students (Continued from page 656) divine admonition, "Love the Lord as thy thythy neighbor God, and can the storm see the through beacon to their courses. begin self,"accepted has yet never been in peace. of the harbor social Cultural activand practised of the the nations and by of Christ of Jesus Church The

ities are richer than Latterday Saints proclaims that world. Were that principle even

ever. there is but one such Guiding Hand partly applied, our advanced scienin the Universe, but one unfailing tific knowledge, our almost unlimLight, and that the Light of Christ, ited mechanized power, our unexcelled for opportunities education that said: "I they am come Winter Quarter: who as directed, not would be now, for might that they have life, might and

beings, destruction but of human acthe abundantly."it more An January 6 to March 21 have for the of individuals, betterment and faith tive, sincere teachin the basic

ings of Jesus of Nazareth is the for the advancement and redemption greatest need of the world. Because of mankind.

many reject this truth is all the more As the first essential to a better reason why sincere believers should world, therefore, we declare with the that there Peter Apostle is "none it. Brigham Young proclaim given heaven under name purpose of Chrisother The ultimate

tianity is to develop honorable, upamong men whereby we must be in an ideal society saved."University right individuals

known as the Kingdom of God. No Improvement in Morals PROVO, UTAH one, not even the unbeliever, can

gainsay this as a most worthy goal. Tt is charged that "one of the disTrue, nearly two thousand years of tinctive traits of modern society

trial have failed to bring about even in every country is the sinking of the

To Organists and Choirmasters an approach to the realization of moral ideal in the minds and life of

We announce the publication of a new. dyeither the perfecting of the individual the people."Manifestly, then, a

namic and PRINCE OF colorfulPEACE, Christmasby Hartwig.cantata,OrganistsTHE or the establishing of an ideal sosecond essential in world betterment

read havewho raising standard. is the of the moral

enthusiastic about listening in is originalit—easymanuscriptto produce—singleare most itsciety.handmaiden,As a result,Democracy,Christianityare nowand saying tocopies 75c. If anyone

trial I is trite,"before the world tribunal. himself, then say "This

that conditions fact is, however, itself call justifies theUniversity Press "WKA, Theon such a thought in this wartorn world instead of for men who will rededicate themproving that Christianity has failed, selves to the principles of honesty,

LOS ANGELES emphatically bear witness that men justice, tolerance, and love, and who

& 7TH BROADWAY KQ truth; the of to a activities. knowledge professional or, business nil ESS Hotel Lankershim are forever learning, but never comwill practice these virtues in their and

era S3. $3.50 ing Hi (2.50

Bargaining—cynically remarked, "No as life this is possible,"one as man some- "And Aitff3i Worry"No

lives consist mostly in makcondi- "in social "Men's LOS declared, ANGELES has one

Frank Mlli, Wishon, Operator again,"over mistakes ing the diverse, same tions with the and most

Christianity, as summarized in the (Continued on page 696)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

NOVEMBER 22, 1940

November 22, 1940, marks the eightyfourth

birthday of President Heber J. Grant, whose

vigor, enthusiasm, and vision, plus his genius

for organization, have given so much impetus

to the progress of our great Intermountain

West.

The Utah Power & Light Company, as a citizen

of many of the communities which have benefited by the influence of this man, takes this

occasion to pay tribute to the president of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

Essentials of a Better World (Continued from page 694) natural gifts the most unequal. It

is not fortune, or personal advantage, but our turning them to account that constitutes the value of life."

bring you peace but the triumph of yoMA. 3bocaL "Nothing,"says Emerson, "can

principles."

recently disclosed in some of our Qwkpjwdswt (DszateA. In the light of political scandals

states, what a brilliant though discarded gem, for example, is the plain, everyday principle of honesty. SERVES YGU BEST Though as genuine as the bluetinted diamond, how little it is valued

in a world where "business is honeycombed with dishonesty, and the

He can supply you with dependable merpoliticaland chicanery."world aboundsEven intoduplicityrepeat

chandise at prices comparable with any such a charge makes one feel heavyhearted. In contrast, recall the calm other source of supply, quality considered—

assurance, the confidence that pervades your soul when you know you

Your local independent retailer renders are in the presence of one whom you friendly, courteous, personal service that can trust. Let us repolish and

means so much to you. make more brilliant this oldfash-

ioned principle so essential to huhappiness. that man all men Would He is not only a heavy taxpayer, but he also unite nations might the and with

supports with his time and his dollars all Church in saying:

worthy local community enterprises. "We believe in being honest,

true, chaste, benevolent, virtuous,

HE APPRECIATES YOUR and in doing good to all men."

PATRONAGE A Rededicationof Unselfishnessto Principle

|V/Tan needs a rededication to the principles of unselfishness. No

peace or freedom can come to this

TteJ&a'lf Lake worldthemselves.so long Itas ismentruelivethatonlyselffor

is first preservation the of nalaw A-7 Hardware <Ba spiritual not a ture, but it is law of

WHOLESALE EXCLUSIVELY growth. He who lets selfishness and

his passions rule him binds his soul

SALT LAKE CITY—BOISE—GRAND JUNCTION in slavery, but he who, in the majesty

of spiritual strength, uses his physical tendencies and yearnings, and

SEND AN ERA SUBSCRIPTION FOR CHRISTMAS his possessions to serve purposes "The ERA gives pleasure and profit for every faithful member of the Church higher than personal indulgence and who reads it, and it has a tendency to inspire the reader with a desire to have comfort, takes the first step toward his friends share the same pleasure."—Heber J. Grant. the happy and useful life. This truth

was taught not only "in the Beginning"when the Gospel was first reIN LOS ANGELES vealed to man, but also when the Savior began His earthly ministry.ENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOW IP On the Mount of Temptation was

$25. Discount on a in the Christ's enacted scene the first Hotel Complete dlKAN5M IN CULTURE BEAUTY COURSE

- life. of earthly drama the abundant Accredited School A State 5th at Spring

,; Tariff from $2.50 There He resisted the challenge to

Ogden School of Beauty Culture A Tub and Shower, in Every Room gratify His appetite; He turned aside

Over Egyptian Theatre OGDEN, UTAH Recognized Utah Headquarters in the appeal to His vanity and pride;

Los Angeles the bribe of worldly He scornedName V. SMITH, Managing CLAYTON

spiritual as in Director wealth and power, oi Salt Formerly Lake City City StateAddress ooei)4)4 ( Continued on page 698

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

'L. D. S. TRAINING PAYS 1."

1886... JfotfL and. Vlow—OnsL (pjuAfwML: 9 mo

To Help Youth Along the Road Toward True Success

Not he who merely succeeds in making a fortune, and in so doing blunts the natural affections of the heart, and chases therefrom the love of his fellows, can be said to be truly successful; but he who so lives that those who know

him best shall love him most; and that God, who

knows not only his deeds, but also the inmost sentiments of his heart, shall love him: of such

a one only—notwithstanding he may die in

poverty—can it be said indeed and of a truth,

he should be crowned with the wreath of success.—President Heber J. Grant, February, 1898.

Entrance to the College

It's fiftyfour years this month since seven men met in a back room of Dwyer's Bookstore and laid plans for a school that should enable young men and women to prepare themselves more adequately to take their places in the affairs of their communities.

Thousands of students have enjoyed the benefits of those wise plans; and, though methods,

buildings, courses, and equipment have changed to meet progressive needs, the guiding purpose of this school—now as then—is to help

View of the Campus youth achieve true success.

L. D. S. BUSINESS CDLLEGE

(A Department of the L. D. S. College)

Salt Lake City, Utah

Day and Evening All the Year Low Tuition Rates

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

Essentials of a Better World ( Continued from page 696 victory He said to the Tempter, "Get thee hence,"and "angels came and ministered unto him."Only thus

by the brilliant triumph of the spirit over the flesh can we hope for a betFor Intermountain Residents ter world.

Upholding the Constitution "Cinally, if we would make the

These banks provide complete bankworld better, let us foster a keener appreciation of the freedom ing facilities for individuals and busiand liberty guaranteed by the govas States the United of ernment ness firms of the intermountain region. this naof founders the framed by

Consult with their officers concerning tion. Here again selfproclaimed

progressives cry that such oldtime checking accounts, savings accounts, adherence is out of date. But there

are some fundamental principles of safe deposits, trusts and loans of all this Republic which, like eternal truths, never get out of date, and types. which are applicable at all times to

libertyloving peoples. Such are the

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH underlyingtution, a documentprinciplesframedof thebyConstipatri-

National Association otic, freedomloving men, who LatWith branches at Ogden, Logan, Provo, Bingham, Magna, terday Saints declare were inspired

Richmond, Park City by the Lord.

This date, October 6, has been set

FIRST NATIONAL BANK apart by Churches as "Loyalty

Of Salt Lake City Day."It is highly fitting, therefore,

With branches at Sugarhouse and Tooele as a means of making the world better, not only to urge loyalty to to threatened Constitution and FIRST SECURITY TRUST CO. the States United of the fundamentals

Salt Lake City government, but also to warn the people that there is evidence in the

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF IDAHO United States of disloyalty to tried

With branches at Boise, Blackfoot, Emmett, Gooding, Hailey, and true fundamentals in governIdaho Falls, Jerome, Montpelier, Mountain Home, Nampa, Payette, ment. There are unsound economic

Pocatello, Preston, Shoshone theories; there are European "isms,"

which, termitelike, secretly and, reFIRST SECURITY BANK cently, quite openly and defiantly,

Rock Springs, Wyoming are threatening to undermine our democratic institutions.

Today, as never before, the issue

Members of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation is clearly defined—liberty and freedom of choice, or oppression and

subjugation for the individual and for nations.

<X*&&K&*i<*&X*'&V<&V*Gn<<&K&X*&r,<4 As we contemplate the deplorable fact that within the brief space ofBE INDEPENDENT Other Vocation so Profitable one year, ten European nations have No lost their independence, that over

ENROLL NOW C/or two hundred and fifty million people

For a Complete Course at the have surrendered all guarantees of be should liberty, deeper personalQuish School of Beauty Culture I Lhristmas intense our apgratitude, more... our

Best in the The West and Constitution, the of preciation subscription. Send an ERA

S. 336340 Bldg., Main, American determinaour strengthened more will send a gift ERA SALT CITY, LAKE UTAH The all all at resist costs and any tion to

to Information For Further card to or curtail our liberties, to each one for whom attempts

Call or Catalog subscribe. you our system of underlying change the 4-0313 or

Fill in This government.

Coupon When the people who call them- <*&}<*&*xi<s&<*&<0t&>t*'&i&r>'&y><4. selves Christian militantly enlist

(Concluded on page 700) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

AND YOU'LL SAVE MONEY. TOO

1. YOUR HOUSE HEATING: 3. YOUR WATER HEATING:

Gas heat offers superb comfort and convenience. Think what it means to have all the hot water you

There's no fuel to order. No furnace to tend. No need always on tap. No waiting. No need to

soot, clinkers or ashes. It's completely automatic. "economize"on hot water, for Gas waterheating

And it actually costs no more, when you use Gas is the lowestcost automatic hot water service to for all four jobs. be had.

2. YOUR COOKING: 4. YOUR REFRIGERATION:

Modern Gas ranges, with their new ovens, new You get three exclusive advantages with an Autobroilers, new top burners, bring you the speediest, matic Gas Refrigerator. First, absolute silence.

easiest and most economical cooking ever known. Second, no moving parts to get out of order. Third,

That's why women all over the country are more the utmost in operating economy. You save more

and more turning to Gas cooking. for more years.

You can modernize your home with complete Gas service on convenient terms. And remember, when you use Gas for all

four jobs, you save money. Come in and talk it over.

MOUNTAIN FUELlUPPLY COMPANY

Salt Lake—Ogden Serving 23 Utah

Provo Communities

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

ESSENTIALS OF A BETTER WORLD ( Concluded from page 698 throned in human hearts, and honest under the leadership of the One to relations and justice become the daily whom they refer as King of the practice of society. Then, and not

,-u World; when they accept as facts until then, will the kingdoms of this

and not as theories His moral and world become the Kingdom of our spiritual teachings; when for selfishGod.

Then shall all shackles fall; the stormy NEW SHIPS FOR nessthoughtfulnessthey substitutefor others;kindnesswhen theyand clangor

aggressively defend the principles of Of wild war music o'er the earth shall cease; liberty, true then to may we begin Love shall tread out the baleful fire of AMERICA'S MOST realize that the hope wrong may be anger,

FAMOUS FLEET abolished, righteousness be enAnd in its ashes plant the tree of peace!

TO THE CONFERENCE ASSEMBLED Seven New Identical (Continued from page 655) at the Sunday afternoon conference session:

President Liners for about Brigham Young was that he It is needless for me to tell you

I feel that RoundWorld Service always gave credit to Joseph Smith good people how grateful for everything that he did. He I am able to speak to you at the

claimed that he was simply building close of this conference. As a rule I

Soon seven new President uponprophettheof foundationGod, who hadlaidseenby Godthe nevermy mindput ismynotremarksworkingon aspaper,well butthe

Liners will be circling the and conversed with Jesus Christ. He last five or six months as usual, and I

globe. Seven new ships denever doubted for one minute the therefore asked my secretary, Brothsigned from unparalleled exfinal triumph of the people here in er Anderson, to copy quite a number

perience: More than three Utah. He was a man of God, and of things that I know off by heart; at

hundred and eighty trips around the people thought the world and all least I did before my illness, but I do of him. tonot whether them know I know the million nine world and

or not, I going to read day so I am health for the very thankful am safely time. miles and on to you. the of people. thankful I am very

The new President Liners for the very marvelous and wonderThere is nothing in all the world are big and broad and deep for ful change that I find wherever I go for which I am so grateful as an abeasyriding with airconditioned in the attitude towards the Mormon solute knowledge that we, the Latdining rooms and lounges for people. To be known as a Morter-day Saints, have the true Gospel

new comfort in the tropics. mon, living the Gospel of Jesus of Jesus Christ. I read from WilChrist, is a recommendation to all liam George Jordan's book The

Every stateroom is outside and those that know us as a people. As Power of Truth. There are eight

high amidship with real fullthe years come and go the Word of articles in the book. One year I

size beds and private baths. Wisdom and all the various teachdistributed seven thousand five hunAnd there are open sunny decks ings and doctrines laid down by the dred copies of the first article, autowith builtin tiled swimming Prophet Joseph Smith and so faithgraphing them all, to friends. The

pools and extra room for sports. fully and strongly carried out by author says:

are making us Brigham Young is truth the eternal Law of nature—the And glass enclosed verandas. the world. friends all over identical that produces unity always What's more they'll travel results The doctor told me I could have under identical conditions. When a man

round the world in ninetyfive five or six minutes, or even ten. I discoversthe key toa thegreatunderstandingtruth in Natureof a hemillionhas

days with extra time at every have occupied only about five, but as phenomena; when he grasps a great truth in

port. I am going to talk to you again at the morals he has in it, the key to his spiritual

is recreation. individual, the there For no close of the as I conference do and details For complete about thing truth; theoretic truth as a great such least to deoverdo in the not want that is not absorbed and whole our mind these Liners by President and new

I shall bless say, gree, simply life God inseparable not has and an become is all. truth living to us. part of our not a real bless the their round world schedules, you, and one God

sailing live it, truth the not our and do dates and accommodaIf we bless over. the world honest God

. lie. is—aknow NEAREST all the people, YOUR tions PHONE hasten day life and good In exact truth proportion.. to the basic

AMERICAN PRESIDENT LINES when people shall seek God for they contain do religions last, become perOFFICE. guidance and direction, when wars manent and growing, and satisfy and inspire

of the hearts men. of error Mushrooms will reign, will peace cease and

a quick growth, their they is have but exhaust it in humility I ask and my prayer, still vitality lives. die; but truth and

the acquisition of makes ultimatum of his life, AMERICAN andChrist,in theour nameRedeemer.of the ILordblessJesusyou wealthThe manthe goalwho and

it as seeing to an a than means Priestof authority the holy the is end, true. an the does not world PRESIDENT LINES by end ratherWhy hold, that I the living of hood God usually the criterion sucwealth of make

RoundWorld Service and I do it in the name of Christ, cess, and riches the synonym of attainment?

our Redeemer. Amen. Real success in life means the individual's

conquest of himself; it means "how he has

Following are the remarks of President bettered himself,"not "how has he bettered

Heber }. Grant as the concluding speaker {Concluded on page 703)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

If it's sound business for you

it's advisable to consult us

Loans are made to individuals in any amount, for anyindividual reasonable personal requirement—based on

credit statement, endorsement or collateral. Attractive

rates, liberal terms of repayment.

J/ a bank loan will help, see a Walker Bank officer

WALKER BANK & TRUST COMPANY Resources More Than Thirty Million Dollars

Established 1859

MEMBER FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION MEMBER FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

SOLUTION OF OCTOBER PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword Puzzle - The Law Proclaimed

"R 05 u H E T T B and say unto them, I am the Lord your God."—Lev. 18: 1, 2. & "And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, Speak unto the children of Israel,

T E A R E E i #T WE -R V F & A Sic s E T M A D E S s E W D -R fe a S T E # L T H E R D 8 F $ u ft 5 E N L E A i $P E A L IM i T T yy A P P S L ft E V L L Y $ A V *R M H E T E A s T A H 81 DE NE E & $x> u ft H N P E -R u &$ L E A G U E # E "R E N T H A E F -R V E -R & & NO. SO

To Keep Your Current Magazines..

A Mew and Practical ACROSS "the lamps eat"35 may holy".. be. Guard... burn continually"36 NationalBinding Development 13 "Yet"and yethese...

7 "I also will... this unto you"37 "The Lord is thy..."

statutes""If in ye Indian 10 Arizona 39 my... convenient is and Here a new

..."servile shall burnt "ye 41 no work Josh. do Joshua "And as 12 magazines to your keep way."..."this ye 8: 28 43 make "Why

readily in, orderly and they come..... not put. them". raiment upon "and."44 waxed 13 "Thy

accessible. It consists of a durable, 14 "and reverence... sanctuary"45 Hawaiian bird

attractive cover, so devised that 16 "These are the statutes and... 47 "for.,. the Lord am holy"

... the Lord which hallow twelve issues of THE IMPROVE19 Riverwhichin Europethe Lord made"48 "I you"

MENT ERA can readily be placed 20 "... the first day shall be a sab50 "This is... thing which the

therein, ready for convenient readbath"Lord commanded to be done"ing. 21 "These were... of the sons of 51 "holy unto the..."

Esau"Gen. 36: 15 53 One of the seven deacons Acts 6: &

This binder eliminates the con23 "This is the law of the beasts, 55 Contrary

... dwellings"

fear thy.. 'shalt fusion on your reading table which 25 "ye...shallof. the.. fowl"my statutes"5758 "in"butallthou

is likely to result when your various 27 "for the land is..."

current magazines are left to lie 28 One of Solomon's men; aim Our Text from Leviticus is 1, 3, 7

about loose. (anag.) 14, 16, 23, 25, 27, 32, 35, 39, 41,

30 Goddess of dawn 47, 48, 50, 51, 57, and 58 combine--!

ask of 32 "they the... of jusme for holdcovers can supply We

Isa. tice"2 58:

an*'of issues current ing twelve

Church publication, (and other DOWN is Interjection; reversed, a that pronoun 31 "for a he now called publications as well), at surpris- 2

x fire called Catching beforetime Prophet was ingly low prices..."... his face"(pi.) a. 4 "And Moses

... therein all the Write for further information, or 65 OldJacobTestamentdid this tobookhis father to get 33 "anddaysheofshallhis life"

call at our office for a demonstrahis blessing 34 "And the priest shall... him"

tion. 7 Dutch coin; not kid (anag.) 35 Male singers

8 Surname; noels (anag.) 38 Greek letter

9 Preliminary certificate (Sp. Law) 39 "or hurl at him by laying cf...,

or a map (anag.) that he die"

cfJie LQeseret flews 1115 OasisYonder(Southwestern U. S.) 4041 ThisConsistingsmall ofthingearthyhelpsmatterto make th*>

17 "offering of thy firstfruits... whole

ears of corn dried by the fire"42 Sunk fence... 18 Old Testament book 46 Songmress 22 Spanish title 49 Low

29 Richards Street 24 Father 51 Constellation

Salt Lake City 26 Appropriated 52 Ordained 29 Animal 54 Greek letter >o< >o< 56 Vice Grand THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1940

The Editor's Page (Concluded from page 700) his fortune?"The great question of life is

not "What have I?"but "What am I?"

Truth is the sun of morality, and, likethat lesser sun in the heavens, we can walk PLACE YOUR ORDERS EARLY by its light, live in its warmth and life, even if we see but a small part of it, and receivebut a microscopic fraction of its rays. There is a Big Demand

Which of the great religions of the world is the real, the final, the absolute truth?

It is the Gospel of the Lord Jesus for "Caterpillar"Machinery

Christ, again restored to the earth by personal administration of our Father in Heaven and His Son Jesus Christ.

—notI shallwhatnowI say.read Itwhatis notthewhatLordJosephsays

Smith said, but what the Lord said to him: (Editor's Note: President Grant here

read Doctrine and Covenants, 121:33 to 46,

inclusive, which we commend to the frequent reading of the membership of the Church.)

These words coming from God I F)UE to the worldtoappeal people to read and reyou read. I of wide demand hundreds read have them

121times. Section are from They of for the popular arethe Doctrine Covenants, and and

among the greatest words ever given to "Caterpillar"line of machinery, our deliveries the Prophet Joseph Smith as recorded in the Doctrine and Covenants. They are delayed. We advise our customers to conwere given to him in Liberty Jail shortly

after he had been tried and sentenced template their requirements in advance, to perto in his brother connection with be shot, militia. mit as much time as possible for delivery. others, state and by theHyrum

for raising the General Lord upThank for the small and incomplete that declared he would We apologizeDoniphan, who have nothing to do with such coldshowing of "Caterpillar"machinery at our blooded murder, and that he would withdraw his brigade. His remonheadquarters—all due to BIG CUSTOMER DEthatstrance so alarmed them they dared MAND. the into execution. decreenot put

I now read again-—not the words of

Joseph Smith, but the words of the Buy now for future requirements.

Lord given to Joseph Smith:

(Editor's Note: President Grant here

read Doctrine and Covenants 1:2 to 39,inclusive, which is a preface to latterday TRACTOR and

revelation and a proclamation of warning EQUIPMENT CO. to all men.) SALT LAKE CITY

I know as I know that I live that God lives, that Jesus is the Christ, the Son LRNDistributor of "Caterpillar"Diesel Engines, TrackType Tractors, Road Machinery of the living God, the Redeemer of mankind. I know that Joseph Smith

was a prophet of the true and the living God, and the instrument in the hands of God of again restoring to the earth the Gospel of the Lord Jesus

Christ, the plan of life and salvation. I

blessing righteousleave upon the my ERIC A'S FINE S T O V E,RA1

I bless the AM of all the world.people

Latterday Saints at home and abroad, SINCE 1850 those holding positions of trust, and those that have gone forth to proclaim the Gospel. I promise them that the THERE'S A REASON

will Spirit attend of the Lord them if They all wear LEVI'Sl lives. live pure cleanthey and

I thank the Lord for this privilege of bearing my testimony again and makthis in to this declaration the Saintsing PAIR FREE LEVI STRAUSS ANEW assembled.conference God's May RIP IF THEYblessing time through attend and you

all eternity is the earnest and sincere NONprayer of my heart. God bless you. SCRATCH CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS

Amen.

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY PARTY THROWBACK country at his called delegation a candidate on A political in his shirtsleeves, with a pitchfork f I ''he word ancient means existing for a long time past; home. them He received

antique, on the other hand, means belonging to a former in his hand, and insisted that they go down to the barn with time, for instance, "History to the ancients was related in terms him where he was pitching hay into the loft. Arrived at the

they hay. found no that literature the of up with the barn, had grown mythology and

the candidate said to his hired man, "where's the "Jim,"antique."set is a genuine race,""Mary's bedroom and hay?"

- throw"Sorry,it backsir,"sincetheyoumanthrewreplied,it up for"I yesterday'sain't had timedelegation."yet to

SEATTLE FIRST STAKE TO REACH ERA QUOTA THE SUPREME TEST

Txceeding its quota by no fewer than eightyfour subscripManager: "Young man, have you the firmness of character

tions, the Seattle Stake on October 1 1 became the first that enables a person to do his duty in the face of ingratitude, stake to go "over the top"in the 1940 Improvement Era camcriticism, and even ridicule?"

paign. Director S. C. Seal risked no loss of time, but sent his a fishingApplicant:party.""I should have. I cooked two full weeks for

final list of subscriptions in by airmail special delivery. Congratulations to Seattle workers. ANOTHER VERSION

The visitor paid his bill at the fashionable hotel, and, as he went out, he noticed a sign near the door, "Have you left

A word of appreciation to you for the splendid work being anything?"

to the manager. and spoke went back "That So he sign's'through the of accomplished Improvement medium The

left?'"It said. read, should he 'Have you anything publication wrong,"others, of the found have Era. We, like thousands

to be a force of constant spiritual uplift. FIGURES IN THREE DIMENSIONS

the interest another you Era for to know that It may we use An employer was examining an applicant for the job of bookmentioned. often as of us not most Inasmuch purpose who keeper.

help to edit our mission paper are amateurs, we look to the "Of course you understand double entry?"he said.

Era for suggestions and new ideas for layouts, editorial ma- "Sure,"said the applicant. "The last place I had I kept the

triple for set the real profits, the boss showing it terial, big books to etc. entry—one considered always be rather a We have for set profits, a second the stockholders showing no and a

rely assistance for brother could always when we on whom third for the set loss."tax people income showing a

we met a problem too great for us to handle. The Era has

been passed along to many of our friends whom we contact here NEED A COMPASS?

in the printing trade, and they consider it to be the last word Golfer: "What a terrible course!"

in style and "readability."Caddy: "This isn't the course, sir. You got off it quite a

May God continue to bless you in this wonderful work. while ago. We're now in Mrs. Smith's rock garden."

Sincerely, LOVE ME Warren I. Ottley, I

Editor Te Karere, New Zealand Mission. "Which of your family made the most brilliant marriage?"

"My wife."NOT ASHAMED OF IT THE OCTOBER COVER

Father: "Yes, my boy, I am a selfmade man."

"Gee, Son: striking photograph October of the Brigham pop, that's what I like about you. You take the cover—the OUR for everything."in Salt against blame City, appearing Lake monument Young

floodlighted Temple spires—was the work of Dean Green, whose photographic activities have attracted favorable attenHE RAN INTO A SQUALL

tion at many exhibits. The genial but overdue boarder came downstairs.

, <$ "Good morning, Mrs. Monahan,"he called out cheerily.

"Did you ever see anything so unsettled as the weather we having these days?"AN "ERA"IDEA FROM THE EASTERN STATES are

there's "Well, your board bill,"the landlady informed him.

SOME time ago there came to us on all mail from the Eastern States Mission an orange and black gummed seal across FARM SENSE the envelope flap, of the exact size illustrated here: Teacher: "Johnny, if five sheep were in a field and one

jumped out, how many would be left?"

Johnny: "There wouldn't be any left. You know arithmetic, but you don't know sheep."

THE MODERN CAESAR When the average man argues with a woman, the final result usually is: "He came, he saw, he concurred."

FAIR WARNING We thought it a good idea from a wideawake mission, and "Rastus, I see your mule has 'U. S.'branded on his hindwe note it here for what it may be worth to others who are enquarters. Was he in the army?"

deavoring to place "the Era in every home"—and have it read "No, boss, dat 'U. S.'don't stand for 'Uncle Sam'; it means

besides. 'Unsafe'."

drama,This is the time of year when products of Whatever you enjoy—music,

your discover comedy, education—you'llfarm and field are reaped and. stored just Here are favorite on KSL. programs

a harvest that rewards a long summer of a few of the many current programs KSL toil. It's harvest time, too, for radio listenlists: New York Philharmonic Symphony

.. Ford Sunday Evening Hourers among KSL's vast audience. The Orchestra.

... Tabernacle Choir... Z C M I StringsColumbia Broadcasting System and KSL

the of School American Organhave filled to capacity a storehouse of raand... Lux Fairy Tales.. Miss. Anna's.. Air.dio enjoyment. This is the fruit of many Radio Theatre... KSL Players... Kateyears'effort—a careful selection of the Smith Hour... Fred Allen... Major Bowes

best in radio that brings hours of relaxaBelieve-Itor-NotRipley, Grand Central tion to all listeners. Station... First Nighter... Dr. Christian.

All these and more move before your radio dial in an almost endless list of sparkling radio entertainment presented by KSL for nineteen hours each dayl Yes, KSL listeners will reap a golden harvest when they tune to the station which brings them the wealth of radio's finest program scheduling—a storehouse of pleasure provided by KSL and Columbia.

50,000 WATTS 1130 KILOCYCLES w - 1940 1620

Let us be thankful in this three hundred and twentieth year since the coming of our Pilgrim fathers, for a free America where truth, justice and iberty still prevail; for an abundant

harvest and for busy factories; and

for the assurance of continuing financial security for ourselves and for our families through the great American institution of Life Insurance.