,:''"''- i "-''''.'; f

2=&i

IMPROVEMENT

'cQD/s;

FEBRUARY, 1927

ORGAN OF THE PAIISTHOOE) QUORUMS.THEYOUNG MENS

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENTASSOC!*

TIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS -w*%**% PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THI GENERAL BOARD YMJ41A SALT LAKE CITY mm UTAHlA &\ Southern Pacific Lines

offer Special Winter Excursion Rates

TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH

WAYS VIA SAN FRANCISCO S50.50

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO

RETURNING DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $58.00

PROPORTIONATELY LOW FARES FROM ALL OTHER POINTS IN

UTAH, IDAHO AND MONTANA STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY FINAL RETURN LIMIT 8 MONTHS FROM DATE OF SALE

For complete information, tickets and reservations, call write or phone

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SOUTH MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY

PHONES WASATCH 3008—3078

It costs no more to have your home PROPERLY decorated, no matter where you live, or what your home furnishing requirements may be. If not convenient to call and talk to

our decorators just write your problems to us, we will cheerfully assist you. We are fully prepared to render a

broad helpful service without cost or obligations to you.

ESTABLISHED 185?

DlNWOODEY*S ""GOOD FURNITURE

Utah's oldest continuous mercantile establishment.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Educational Maxims of Dr. Maeser

Dr. Maeser was a strong advocate of the idea that the

school and the home should work in unison, stand side by side in the responsible task of educating the child:

"Let your first 'good morning'be to your Father in heaven.""Character, so to speak, is the timber that man is made of. The fireside, the mother's knee, the father's example,

should be the proper starting point for such a training."

"No mother lets her infant crawl or walk any farther than she can control its movements, to preserve it from the possibility of accident. This illustrates the principle to be

kept in view when the consideration of character is concerned."

"It is the fashion in Chinese gardening to force trees and shrubs out of their natural way of growing into all kinds of fantastic shapes, according to the fancy and notion of their master. There is a great deal of Chinese gardening going on

in education."

"In the family circle parental authority, and filial love and respect should be sufficient safeguards against any improprieties. Figuratively speaking, the length of the rope

of discretionary action should be measured out to children in proportion to their moral, intellectual and spiritual capacities."

"In religious as well as in all kinds of public assemblies, even in theatres and places of amusement, children are to be taught the principle of respect and reverence for the place, the occasion, the property and for the feelings of others.

This principle is urged upon the parents for cultivation at their firesides."

"All education commences in the family circle, for father and mother are to the child the first object lesson on which to practice the glorious principle of reverence. There is no

people among whom the principle of reverence is less cultivated than it is among the Americans, and it is traceable directly to the sins of omission at the firesides of the nation."

"The strongest incentives to the faithful performances of any duty are, comprehension of its rightfulness, honor, mutual confidence and the cultivation of the proper use. of

free agency. Compulsion may enforce compliance with some

requirements, but will never convey conviction of its rightfulness in the mind of a pupil or child. If conviction comes

at all, it must come by other means. Corporal or physical

punishment of any kind is illogical, and is not a natural sequence or result of the offense, but must of necessity bear to some extent the character of arbitrariness."

:illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllMIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII'IIIIIN''IIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!:

Dr. Karl Gottfried Maeser

Born January 16, 1828, Meissen, Germany; died Salt Lake City, Utah,

February 16, 1901 "It has been my custom to place my students upon their word of honor when entering the Academy. A young

man once asked me what the word, 'honor,'meant. I answered him, 'If I should give you my word of honor about

anything, I would die before I would break it.'He asked

me no further questions on the subject."

iiimHiiiiiiimiiiiiiimiimiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiii iimiiiiimmimi miiiiHiiimiiiiniimi iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMtiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiimImprovement Era

Vol. XXX FEBRUARY, 1927 No. 4

MEMORY OF KARL G. MAESER HONORED

Story Told of his Tact with Boys and his Love for Them A quarter of a century and a year will have passed this 16th of

February since the death of the beloved teacher, Karl Gottfried

Maeser, the founder, under President Brigham Young, of the Brigham

Young University at Provo. He was born over ninetynine years

ago at Meissen, Saxony, Germany, in the little old house still standing and known as No. 10. Zscheilaer Strasse. The old place is now

owned and inhabited by the family of Robert Bernock, a shoemaker by trade.

On November!l9, 1926, a large number of Church officers and

members, including one apostle, six conference presidents, and seventyseven missionaries, together with official representatives of American and German interests, and citizens of Saxony, gathered at Meissen to do honor to the memory of Dr. Karl G. Maeser, and to unveil a

memorial plate, which had been placed upon the outer wall of the house, facing the street. Hon. George P. Waller, U. S. Consul,

Dresden, and ViceConsul Duran Grinstead,, represented America at the services. Representatives of the schools and of the Burgomeister

of Meissen were also in attendance. The plan had been previously

suggested by Dr. James E. Talmage, president of the European

mission, who, with others, had visited the home, viewed the room in which Brother Maeser was born, and obtained a willing consent of the present owner, of the premises for the purposes undertaken.

The tablet was unveiled by Myron Maeser Crandall, a grandson of Dr. Maeser, who is now a missionary in Germany, jit is an oblong

stone, 39 Yz x314 inches, and the text of the inscription, written by Dr. Talmage, and. translated into German, is inscribed with deepcut letters into the "massive plate of enduring diabase,"as follows:

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 110 3, Act of October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918, $2 per annum.

Address Room 40 6, Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Top: President Talmage delivering the memorial address

Bottom View of the building and the people during the delivery of the address "IN THIS HOUSE. ON JANUARY 16, 1828, WAS BORN KARL GOTTFRIED MAESER. * * * NEXT TO HIS GOD HE LOVED HIS FELLOWMEN,

AND TO THEIR BETTERMENT DEVOTED HIS LIFE. * * * TO KNOW HIM

WAS TO BE WELL TAUGHT. * * * HE WAS AN EMINENT EDUCATOR.

A PROFOUND THEOLOGIAN AND AN EXEMPLAR OF TRUE RELIGION. * *

* IN THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS, TO

WHICH HE DEVOTED THE FULL POWERS OF HIS SPLENDID MANHOOD, HE

WAS ONE OF THE LORD'S LEADERS. * * * HE DIED IN HONOR ON

FEBRUARY 16, 1901, AT SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, UNITED STATES,

AMERICA."MEMORY OF KARL G. MAESER HONORED 309

The memorial address, ian eloquent tribute, was jgiven by

President James E. Talmage, written in English, translated into

German, and read in German by the speaker. The prayer of dedication

followed the address; and while President Talmage offered the prayer

the great assembly stood with heads bowed and iwith every manifestation of reverential attention.

Retiring President Fred Tadje conducted the services at the house, and, in the course, of his remarks, following the dedication, illustrated what prayer and patience can do, and called attention to the practical results that really count in the service of God and humanity, and in the redemption of the wayward.

In the course of his remarks, President Tadje retold the following story, translated from the German for the Millennial Star, December 9, which number is largely devoted to the proceedings. The story

applies to teachers and parents in the government and redemption of obstinate boys today, as it did in the days of Dr. Maeser, the great

Church teacher:

In the southern part of Utah there lived a poor widow and her son, the latter a wild, impudent, intractable youth, whose transgressions often brought his mother into sore distress. He was known as the terror of the

town. He had almost reached the period of manhood without having

curbed this insubordination. One evening the bishopric of the ward in

which he lived proposed to him that he attend the Brigham Young Academy.

In this proposition they had two purposes; orte was that they might rid

themselves of him, and the other that he might improve himself. They

were willing to furnish the money if he would but go.

When this proposition was placed before him he accepted; his mother

agreed to it; and in a very short time he was enrolled as a student in the

above mentioned school. One glance was sufficient to convince his associates that he was not to be trifled with. He came to school with his books

under his arm and a sixshooter in his hip pocket. It was difficult for

him to accustom himself to his new surroundings; he felt like a young

bronco, newly saddled.

Before the end of the first week he had a difficulty with his teacher, to whom he manifested such a degree of insubordination that his instructors appealed to President Maeser of the Academy to have him suspended. With

bowed head the Principal listened, without uttering a word. Finally he broke

the silence and said, "Try him once more; he is the son of a widow whose

entire hope is centered in him. She knows her boy better than we do. She

hopes and prays that some day he will see the foolishness of his ways and change them. She has written me several letters in which she has pleaded

with me to try and save him. I have promised that I would do my best,

and I will keep my promise. Give him one more chance."

The instructors returned to their classrooms in compliance with the

Master's wishes. Try as they would, all their efforts were in vain, and the

young man remained wholly uncontrollable. At the end of another week the

instructors returned to the office of the Principal and placed two propositions before him. The one was that this young man should be dismissed

from the school forthwith; the other, that in the event the Principal could

not see his way clear to dismiss him, they would hand in their resignations to take effect immediately. "That young man is a terror,"said one of the

instructors; "we have done our best, but have failed absolutely.""Send

him to tne,"said Brother Maeser.

In a few minutes the young man entered the Principal's room. "Did

you send for me?"he asked in a low but defiant voice.

"Yes, sir,"replied the genial Principal. "I sent for your because I

have to inform you that you must leave this institution tomorrow morning."

310 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Good,''answered the yet unsubdued youth; he then turned about

and left the room.

In the middle of the following night, Brother Maeser awoke from his slumber and thought of the wild youth whom no one seemed able to tame, who was to be expelled from the school on the following morning. He also

thought of the anxious widow and how she had pleaded with him that he might save her son. He arose from his bed, knelt by the side of it and

laid the matter before the Lord; and this was the purport of his supplication: "Dear Father, there is at this time a young man in our school whom

we are unable to control. We have tried to do our best, but, sad to say,

we have failed. If there is a way whereby we may reach him, I pray thee

in our Redeemer's name to make it known unto us; and thy name shall have

the praise, the honor, and the glory."

"I received no satisfaction from my supplication,"said Doctor Maeser;

"and therefore thought it possible that the Lord Himself had given him up."

The next morning, about ten o'clock, as the Principal was sitting in his office, there came a knock at the door. Following his call, "Come in,"the

"black sheep"of the flock entered the room.

"Well,"said the Principal, "what can I do for you?"The young

man, with downcast eyes, replied: "May I speak with you for a few

moments, Professor Maeser?"

''"Certainly,"was the reply.

The young man's lips quivered; and, with trembling voice, he said:

"You will not dismiss me, Brother Maeser, will you? Will you not please

give me one more chance?"Brother Maeser sprang to his feet, extended his

arms toward this once obstinate youth and exclaimed: "Come to my

arms, my son, God bless you! I will not give you up; not one chance, but a

thousand chances shall we be glad to give you."The master and the student

fell into each other's arms and wept.

This was the turning point in the life of this young man. He studied

energetically and worked so industriously that upon various occasions the

Principal had to caution him against overexertion.

You ask, "Whatever became of the boy?"The last we heard of him

he was a counselor to the bishop who had sent him to Provo to school partly that the ward might be relieved of his presence. He and thousands of others

living today bless the name of Karl G. Maeser, and hold it in honorable

remembrance.

The further program on the notable occasion consisted of an address by President Hugh J. Cannon of the SwissGerman mission,

together with instrumental and vocal selections. The invocation was

by Elder Douglas Wood, and the benediction by the new President of the GermanAustrian mission, former Bishop Hyrum W. Valentine

of the Third ward, Brigham City, |Utah, who arrived in Dresden

October 30, and who relieved President Tadje, who had served since

April 1, 1923. In addition to the hymns, "O say what is truth?"

'"O my Father"and "Now let us rejoice,"the song, "The teacher's work is done,"composed in memory of Dr. Maeser by Annie Pike

Greenwood, was sung.

On Dr. Maeser's birthday anniversary in 1908, the faculty and

students of the B. Y. U. assembled on Temple Hill, Provo, and

dedicated the Maeser Memorial Building, a beautiful monument, to his memory; and an appropriate monument marks the resting place

of his body in the cemetery at Salt Lake City. Yet, as Dr. Talmage

said; "He needs no material monument to perpetuate his memory.

The record of his deeds is inscribed in the hearts of his pupils."—A.

RECENT SCIENTIFIC INVESTIGATIONS

They Substantiate The Book of Mormon

By Alton C. Melville

"The Pompeii of Ancient America,"is the title given to the report of A. Hyatt Verrill of the results of the first six months'

investigation conducted by him in the interest of the Museum of the

American Indian, Heye Foundation, of New York. This expedition

of the past year is the first ever conducted in Panama. The reason

for the delay in such investigations is the extremely heavy tropical undergrowth. This, along with the tropical weather, have worked

havoc with the architectural remains of the American continent, destroying where natural conditions in Greece and Egypt tend to preserve the splendors of the past, according to the investigators.

Nevertheless, remarkable discoveries have been made very recently by scientists. The account given by Mr. Verrill in World's Work will

be found to be strikingly similar to that given by Moroni and others in the Book of Mormon; the principal difference sterns to be only in

the author's point of view, the facts are entirely consistent, in both instances. (World's Work, January, 1927.)

LOCATION AND SIZE "And they built a great city by the narrow neck of land, by the place where the sea divides the land. * * * And the whole face

of the land northward was covered with inhabitants."(Ether 10:20).

The locality of Mr. Verrill's investigation is the same, the

Panama region. The term "great"in its fullest meaning is very appropriate in describing in size what has already been found, both in

area and number of inhabitants. A single temple is being cleared of

the heavy tropical growth and excavated at this time by this explorer.

It covers, alone, an area of more than one hundred acres; about a

tenth of the job is completed. In his report Mr. Verrill says: "My

statement that the area supported a vast and teeming population is based on several obvious facts. Fr'rsf, the immense number of burials, ceremonial monuments, village sites, and mounds. Second,;the incredible

number of potsherds, stone artifacts, and other manufactured articles scattered over an immense area. Third, the enormous size and great

number of stone stelai, monuments, etc., which could have been moved

and erected only by thousands of hands."

COMMERCE "And they were exceedingly industrious, and they did buy and sell and traffic one with another, that they might get gain."(Ether 10:22.)

Speaking of former inhabitants of Yucatan, Gregory Mason, who 3 12 IMPROVEMENT ERA

with Prof. Hcber J. Spinden of the Peabody Museum of Harvard headed

a recent expedition into that vicinity, says, "The bold canals dug by the Mayas for their ships of commerce are filled with heavy reeds and crocodiles. * * * The Mayas were a nation of traders and farmers whose social fabric rested upon a widespread and deep feeling for

religion."

INDUSTRIES

"Wherefore, he [Shule] came to the hill Ephraim, and he did molten out of the hill, and made swords out of steel for those whom he had drawn away with him; and after he had armed them with

swords he returned to the city Nehor, and gave battle unto his brother

Corihor, by which means he obtained the kingdom and restored it unto his father Kib."(Ether 7:9.)

"And they did work in all manner of ore, and they did make gold, and silver, and iron, and brass, and all manner of metals; and they

did dig it out of the earth; wherefore, they did cast up mighty heaps of

ea,rth to get ore, of gold, and of silver, and of iron, and of copper

And they did work all manner of fine work."(Ether 10:23.)

Quoting""Mr. Verrill on this subject: "If, in a country like

Egypt, where even flowers are perfectly preserved in burials thousands of years old. only one iron implement has been discovered, what

chances of finding iron tools would we have in a tropical land, where burials were in the earth?

"Indeed, less than two years ago, I was scoffed at for suggesting that an entirely new and unknown culture of great antiquity had existed in Panama, but we now have undeniable proofs of the fact. Moreover, at a depth of five and onehalf feet below the surface, at the

temple site, among broken pottery and embedded in charcoal, I found a steel or hardened iron implement. The greater portion is almost

completely destroyed by corrosion, but the chiselshaped end is in good condition. It is so hard that it is scarcely touched by a file and will

scratch glass, and with such an implement it would be a simple matter to cut and carve the hardest stone."

"Oddly enough, no gold or copper objects have been found, although the race was evidently familiar with gold and were experts at working the metal, for a nosering of bloodstone beautifully cut and polished is capped at the extremities with wonderfully wrought and fitted gold tips."

CLOTH "And they did have silks, and finetwined linen; and they did

work all manner of cloth, that they might clothe themselves from their nakedness."(Ether 10:24.)

Although pictures and drawings suggest that these people wore no garments, says Mr. Verrill, yet "the presence of clay spindle

weights proves that they used cotton, if not as cloth at least as thread or twine."RECENT SCIENTIFIC INVESTIGATIONS 313

TOOLS

"And they did make all manner of tools to till the earth"* * * (Ether 10:25.)

The same explorer has this to say regarding tools: "I am

thoroughly convinced that these people, as well as many other prehistoric races, possessed iron or steel tools, and I do not know of a single argument or fact to disprove this. * * * But how can

they explain the evidence of tool marks on much of the stone work?

Not the irregular indentations which might have been, and very likely were, made by pecking with a stone hammer, but clearly cut, delicate lines and chisel marks. However, we shall leave this for the archaeological experts to decide. * * *

ELEPHANTS DOMESTICATED

"And there were elephants and cureloms and cumoms * * * which were especially 'useful unto man'."(Ether 9:19.)

Although the evidence may be said to be conclusive, that the elephant or mastodon found in the LaBrea tar pits and other places existed at a much earlier time than civilization, yet we have the following bit of convincing evidence in substantiation of the Book of

Mormon that the elephant has existed since then, and probably was domesticated. Mr. Verrill says, "But perhaps the most interesting and

remarkable find of all was a large sculptured stone figure thoroughly elephantine in form and detail. * * * Not only is the body

elephantine, but the large leaflike ears could belong to no other knrwn creature, while the hind knees bend forward, a character peculiar to the elephant. * * * It is difficult to believe that any man unfamiliar with the elephant could have conventionalized a tapir or

ant bear to the extent of adding broad fanshaped ears and legs bending forward, while, as a final touch, the creature is represented carrying a load or burden upon its back!"

THE TIME ELEMENT

The Book of Mormon gives us the earliest time of this civilization as being about 2,000 B. C, or nearly four thousand years ago.

Although Mr. Verrill, in estimating the time, speaks only in very

approximate terms, note how he virtually agrees with the sacred record: "At this rate it would require four hundred years to deposit

a foot of soil, and an accumulation of ten feet would mean some four thousand years have passed since the first monuments and idols were erected."H5 4s H And yet someone has said that Joseph Smith wrote the Book of

Mormon from his own knowledge. If he did, would it not prove

that he was indeed a Prophet and Seer, to possess the knowledge of conditions, the customs of peoples, their occupations and industries, 3 14 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the varieties of animals and the particular time they this, existed—and

years before science or any human agency knew?

If, as the fact is, he did not write the book originally, it is true that, as Gregory Mason says, "where a few centuries ago thousands of human beings fashioned a high civilization"they "abandoned their cities to the devouring jungles of the tropics * * * from causes still wrapt in mystery."Isn't it more reasonable to believe that this

record has been brought forth from the earth, as have these other things, only by Divine direction for the spiritual enlightenment of man? The scientific phase is, of course, only incidental.

Bearing on the Book of Mormon

Students of the Book of Mormon are always on the lookout for any item in history or science bearing upon that record, and so the following is submitted:

An account of the tradition among the Chinese, of their first settlement in China, seems to hint at that remarkable migration of the Jaredites from the Tower of Babel to the "great sea which divides the lands,"where some of them (doubtless only a part of them) took to the barges which were lighted in so remarkable a manner.

Dr. Fisher, of Yale, gives this account:—

"The nucleus of the Chinese nation is thought to have been a band of immigrants, who are supposed by some to have started from the region southeast of the Caspian Sea, and to have crossed the headwaters of the

Oxus. They followed the course of the Hoang Ho, or Yellow, river, having

entered the country of their adoption from the northwest, and they planted themselves in the present province of Shanse."

Further to identify these people to the Book of Mormon reader,

Dr. Fisher adds, "Although nomads, they had some knowledge of

astronomy."Of the occurrences while the migration halted at that

point, history, of course, says nothing, but the annual pilgrimage of hundreds of thousands of Chinese to the top of their sacred mount just at the point of the peninsula of Shantung, testifies to the Book of Mormon student very eloquently of the wonderful manifestations received there by the brother of Jared. L. A. Wilson, Manti, Utah.

JOSEPH'S MARRIAGE IN EGYPT By E. Cecil McGavin, Principal L. D. S. Seminary

A question frequently asked of Latterday Saints, which at first seems difficult to answer, is that concerning Joseph's marriage in

Egypt. Africa has long been called the "Dark Continent;"not wholly

because so little was known of it, but also because it was the abode of the dark race. Just a few generations after the flood, Egypt had

been colonized by the descendants of Ham. The country was discovered by, and named in honor of, Egyptus, the daughter of Ham,

who made this land the home of her posterity.

Years later when Northern Africa was rather thickly populated with the children of Ham, Joseph, the Israelite, was sold into

Egyptian bondage, where he later gained favor with the ruling class and was received in marriage into their number. It is generally understood that the great majority of the people of Africa were of the

black race, maintaining their own dynasties and native rulers. Thus

the question is raised as to the validity of the claims of Joseph's two sons, Ephraim and Manasseh, to the 'Royal'blood, and the distinctive position they hold in Israel. If Joseph married an Egyptian princess,

whose descendants were denied the Priesthood, how, does one justify Ephraim's pretentions to the covenant of the gospel, with its numerous blessings, all of which are denied the children of Ham?

This situation is made even more complex by the following quotations from the Pearl of Great Price:

"Now this king of Egypt was a descendant from the loins of

Ham, and was a partaker of the blood of the Canaanites by birth.

"From this descent sprang all the Egyptians, and thus the blood of the Canaanites was preserved in the land. * * *

"Now Pharaoh being of the lineage by which he could not have the right of Priesthood, notwithstanding the Pharaohs would fain claim it from Noah, through Ham. * * *"(Abraham 1:21-

I 27.) Profane history joins hands with sacred writ in a defense of the claims of Joseph's two sons to the holy Priesthood. Joseph, whose

virtue was the cause of his unjust sentence to the horrible prison dungeon, was no person to forget the great promises made to the seed of Jacob, and intermarry with the children of Ham, thereby making the fulfilment of this remarkable promise impossible.

Joseph was born about the year 1 745 B. C. At the age of

seventeen he was sold into Egypt, where he remained until his demise, about 1635 B. C, being 110 years old.

Most of the authorities on this period of history are agreed that a race of Semitic,of Shem, and therefore not people—descendants

316 IMPROVEMENT ERA

denied the invaded Egypt, had overthrown the native Priesthood—had

rulers and had.established their own government. This was the

condition in Egypt at the time Joseph entered as a slave. The ruling

class was not composed of the aborigines. Not all the people living

in Egypt were Egyptians. (See Improvement Era, vol. 24, pp. 172-3,

Dec, 1920.)

In this discussion the most famous scholars the world has known, in this particular field, will be brought upon the stage, introduced to an inquiring yet interested audience, and be allowed to add the results of a lifetime of scientific study upon this poorly understood period of history.

The pioneer in this field was Manetho, an Egyptian priest who lived in the third century B. C, and who compiled in the Greek

language a chronicle of the Pharaohs. The valuable records of

Manetho were subsequently destroyed, so that most of the statements from his works are preserved in the writings of Josephus. His story,

in which Josephus concurs, is this:

"In the days of the Egyptian king, Timaeus, the land was suddenly invaded from the East. The invaders conquered it without a struggle,

destroyed cities and temples, and slew or enslaved the inhabitants. At

length they elected a king who, residing in Memphis, made all Egypt tributary to him, and established garrisons in all parts, especially eastward, fearing the Assyrians. The Hyksos dynasty consisted of six kings who

reigned 198 years and ten months. Their whole race was named Hyksos

or 'Shepherd Kings.'When they and their successors had held Egypt for

511 years, the king of Thebes and other parts of Egypt rebelled, and a long war began. Misphragmuthosis drove the Shepherds from the throne.

They were allowed to depart from Egypt. They went forth with their '

whole families and effects, not fewer in number than 240,000, settled in

Judea and built Jerusalem."

The opinions of these two early historians are somewhat modified by later authorities, but not sufficiently to alter the major conclusions.

Most of the recent scholars have agreed that the Shepherd Kings were nomadic people of Semitic ancestry, who after leaving Egypt settled in Palestine.

One thing is certain, these Shepherd Kings were Semitic and engaged in the pastoral pursuits common to that nationality. Other

things are not so easily ascertained. The date of their conquest is

doubtful. Historians say it was between 2100 B. C. and 165 7 B. C.

Breasted insists upon the latter date. West says the Hyksos maintained themselves in Egypt about 400 years, from 2000 B. C. until

1600 B. C. If this last date be true, the return of the native rulers

would have occurred just about two decades following the death of Joseph.

The very name, Hyksos, is doubtless of Semitic origin. Dr.

Budge, the foremost scholar on the question, says that the word "Hyk"means king, or prince, while "sos"signifies keepers of flocks or herds.

A name true to the life of the nomadic pastoral Israelites of that day.

JOSEPH'S MARRIAGE IN EGYPT 317

The International Bible Dictionary defines Aram as the elevated country northeast of Palestine, called in the Greek Mesopotamia. This

same word Aram is of Semitic origin also. Shem, the progenitor

of the Israelites, had a son named Aram. Abraham's brother, Nahor,

had a grandson named Aram. David speaks of Aramna-haraim,

which is defined in the abovementioned dictionary as meaning 'Aram, of or between the two rivers."

Dr. Sayce, of similar renown, maintains that, "It was during

the domination of one of the three Hyksos dynasties that first Abraham, and later Joseph, must have entered Egypt, and found a ready welcome among a people of kindred race."

It is thought that the invading Shepherds soon adapted themselves to Egyptian manners, leaving the old administration untouched, some of the kings were even assuming Egyptian names. This part

of Egyptian history, however, is very obscure. Their monuments,

from which most of the knowledge of the period is obtained, are very rare. After their expulsion, the Egyptians who actually hated them,

did their utmost to destroy all that reminded them of the despised foreigners. The few remaining statues erected by the Hyksos represent

their peculiarities of countenances, and the unEgyptian arrangement of the beard, and the remarkable headdress, which distinguishes them from the Egyptians.

Dr. Hales adds materially to our conclusion by his statement

that "one of the Hyksos rulers took the Semitic name, Yakebbal, meaning, Jacob is God, and another, Yakeb-baal, meaning Jacob is

Lord."Many of these authorities have concluded that Joseph entered

Egypt just at the close of the Hyksos rule. Fausset thinks that

Apophis, the last of the Shepherd kings, was the one over Joseph.

Though definite information is lacking on this important period, it is not mere conjecture, in view of the above facts, to suppose that after the Israelites were established in their new home, the Shepherd

Kings were expelled from the throne and the native Egyptians restored one of their number to the kingship of their native land, long overrun by foreigners, whose ignoble deeds must now be revenged. This

opinion is corroborated by the introductory statement of Exodus:

"Now there arose up a new king over Egypt, which knew not

Joseph."'If the dynasty of Shepherds had maintained themselves upon the throne, no new king for generations would have arisen to power "who knew not Joseph."This Israelite who saved all of Egypt

from starvation would never have been forgotten or unknown except by the most bitter enemy.

The historical account of Moses continues:

"Behold the people of the children of Israel are mightier than we:

Come on let us deal wisely with them, lest they multiply, and it come to 318 IMPROVEMENT ERA

pass, that when there falleth out any war, they join also unto our enemies, and fight against us, and so get them up out of the land."

This fact alone would indicate that no bond of tradition, religion or consanguinity united the Israelites and the Egyptians. No common

love of country or home institutions was experienced by the two groups. They were diametrically opposed in almost every activity of

life, or there would have been no fear on the part of the natives that the Israelites, in time of invasion, would join the enemy. The presence of the Hyksos had taught them a lesson. They must not tolerate

any foreign elements in the kingdom that tended towards disintegration.

The outstanding lesson of history is that nothing unites people of common ancestry, religion, tradition and homeland, as will invasion by an enemy state. The approach of an invading foe promotes

greater unity than does any kind of internal conditions. Two notable

examples will suffice:

During the latter part of the 1 6th century England was suffering very seriously from internal warfare between Catholic and Protestant.

The Spanish king, a faithful supporter of the Pope, thought it a most propitious time to invade England, unite with the Catholic party of

Britain and dethrone Elizabeth, thereby reinstating the Papal authority on the Island. Theoretically, it was indeed an appropriate time for

the invasion, but as the "Invincible Armada"approached the Chalk cliffs of Britain, the AngloSaxon loyalty to homeland proved stronger than allegiance to a foreign ecclesiastic. The spirit of the fatherland

united every son of Britain. The very elements were stirred by that

tension of patriotism, and while united England fought to prevent the landing of that stately Armada, the angry waves dashed scores of the visiting vessels to pieces on the perilous rocks of the North Sea. The

English forgot their petty differences of religion, and united in that greater cause of preservation of the homeland. This loss Was so

disastrous a failure to Spain, the guardian of the sea, that she lost all pride in her navy, and rapidly fell from her exalted position in the maritime world.

This same principle was later illustrated in our own land, when the cancer. Secession, was gnawing at the vitals of the Republic. On

April 1, 1861, William H. Seward, Secretary of State, wrote a letter

to President Lincoln, requesting that war be declared upon Spain,

France and England, in order to bring the seceding states back into the

Union, to ally in bonds of friendship and brotherly love to defend the local institutions against the aggression of the most powerful nations of the world.

The great statesman realized that nothing could bring the prodigal states of the South upon their knees before their brothers of the North as an invasion from abroad. Just twelve days after this letter was

written, Fort Sumter lay in ruins.

JOSEPH'S MARRIAGE IN EGYPT 319

This one argument of Pharaoh's is a strong one in proving the presence of two widely separated nationalities in the same country.

There was not a single bond of union between the two, not even that of occupation. Whereas, the previous dynasties of the Shepherd

Kings, strongly resembled the Israelites in occupation, nationality, and undoubtedly many other activities which tended to unite the two.

If there be anything in common among the citizenry of a nation invasion will strengthen these bonds, not break them, as the Egyptians suspicioned.

Egypt's children of the dark skin had an intense aversion for shepherds. Joseph warned his brothers, upon their arrival in the

land of the Nile, that every shepherd was an abomination unto the

Egyptians. The one class of people excluded from Egyptian temples

was the most despicable creature in the Dark Contiswineherd—the

nent. The mistreatment which the Israelites later received was an

expression of the dislike the natives harbored for the foreign shepherds;

yet, it must be noted that no aversion was shown until after the death of Joseph when a "new king arose which knew not Joseph."

When the Ishmaelites presented Joseph for sale, he was purchased by Potiphar, a high official in the government, and captain of the royal guard. "And Joseph found grace in his sight, and he served

him, and he made him overseer of his house, and all that he had he put into his hands."When he was later imprisoned, he was granted

similar honors even among the denizens of that miserable abode in squalor and abuse. "And the keeper of the prison committed to

Joseph's hands all the prisoners that were in the prison; and whatsoever they did there he was the doer of it."

This was a strange way indeed to treat a despicable shepherd accused of defiling the wife of a royal officer, having legions of soldiers at his command, when the common punishment for such an offense among their own people was death. Potiphar did not suspicion him; his imprisonment was simply to allay the anger of his

wife. All this kind of treatment would not have been extended to

him by the children of Ham, in spite of the presence of the Spirit of the Lord with him.

Of a later event we read, "And Pharaoh said unto Joseph * * thou shalt be over 'my house, and according unto thy word shall all my people be ruled."

Joseph was permitted to marry into the royal family, being given

Asenath, the daughter of Potipherah, the prince or priest of the city of On. (Gen. 41:46, 50; 46:20.) This was a city of no mean

importance, therefore requiring a person of talent and influence to occupy such a position. Thus his marriage was contracted in the

very highest circle of royalty. Had the same feeling existed, as was

later manifest when the king arose who knew not Joseph, there would have been no conjugal ties.

320 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Pharaoh was very anxious for Joseph's relatives to make their home in Egypt. At no time did he manifest any dislike for the

shepherds. In fact the king himself was the owner of "the cattle

on a thousand hills,"and requested that Joseph select some of his kinsmen "and make them rulers over my cattle."Hence, it is evident

that the attitude the rulers possessed respecting shepherds, differed greatly from the Egyptian's idea of the same vocation.

In the presence of these facts, one cannot deny that Joseph's conjugal lot was cast among a kindred race, with common traditions, ideals and ancestry.

The Latterday Saints can point with pride to their progenitor, whose marriage in Egypt did not annul the great promises made concerning Abraham's seed.

Beaver, Utah.

To A Lost Friend

In days gone by, a friend I had,

A noble, cleareyed, smiling lad,

Who shared my or bad fortune—good And dwelt within my heart,

Till every brave adventure dared,

Each deed or thought that wasn't shared,

Was robbed of beauty, stripped and bared,

If he was not a part.

he but died, I lost my friend—had

And I could kneel his grave beside,

Strew it with flowers at eventide.

Some comfort it might give;

But even this is not to be.

My tears are shed where none can see;

He lives, but yet is dead to me 'Twas friendship ceased to live.

Had he but gone to foreign lands,

To seek, on faroff ocean strands,

Wealth, love, adventure, Fame's commands,

Then I should never grieve;

But no, I see him every day, We meet as strangers, grave or gay 'Twas just his friendship went away.

While mine can never leave.

At night, when by my bed I kneel,

I ask God's mercy, woe or weal,

That with my friend he'll gently deal,

And choicest blessings send But for myself, I only plead.

Not gold, nor years, nor fame I need

To this alone, Father, give heed

God give me back my friend.

Durango. Colorado MINERVA PlNKERTON TROY

FROM MARTIN LUTHER TO JOSEPH SMITH

By L. Valess Dewey, M. A.

It seems that in God's economy all truly great events are heralded by a period of preparation. Sometimes these periods are of short

duration, as in the case of the heralding of the Messiah by John the

Baptist. At other times, longer periods of preparation seem to be

necessary. The Dispensation of the Fulness of Times, or more

particularly the restoration of the gospel in these latter times, seems to have required, a very gradual period of heraldry or introduction.

For God chooses to work through human agencies. Thus, more than

three hundred years passed in the slow, but none the less sure, regeneration of the socalled Christian world from the twilight of the early Reformation to the noonday of the restoration of the primitive gospel and Church.

The writer desires to point out four steps in the preparation for the restored preparation the beginning of which is commonly gospel—a

known to the world at large as the Reformation. That some kind of

preparation was absolutely necessary, no thinking person can doubt.

And that great leaders should have arisen just at the right time, with just the proper religious thinking to guide the people, is a phenomenon which philosophers try in vain to explain, and for a solution of which only theologians meekly point to the Providence of God. But the

leaders came; and the steps were the promise of God marked:—that

might be vindicated in the restoring of Christ's gospel in its fulness.

THE FIRST STEP THE WORK OF MARTIN LUTHER (15171546)

Martin Luther was fortunate in having a mother who had taught him from early childhood something of the power of God directly exercised in the lives of men. Hence it was that from the

beginning Luther came to think of God as working directly with men and not necessarily only through the Roman Catholic Pope. He, of

course, believed in and subscribed to the power of the Pope in his early life. But this adhering to Roman Catholic control was never

as blind and as unintelligent, in the case of the future reformer, as was the manner in which most Catholics of Luther's time gave themselves body and soul to the power and influence of the Church at

Rome. It is true that Luther did not at first wish to leave or be

excommunicated from the Roman Catholic church. The posting of

his ninetyfive theses was not an act of militant rebellion. He simply

wished the people to know that there was a question in his mind as to whether some of the actions of the Pope and his agents could be justified by scripture and reason. But before the Reformation had

advanced very far, the great German reformer gave evidence that he 322 IMPROVEMENT ERA

had a very fair working knowledge of what the church needed. Thus

we read:

"The Church of Christ requires an honest ministry, diligently and loyally instructed in the Holy WorcT of God after a pure Christian intelligence, and without the addition of any false traditions."(From "Luther's

Idea of the Church"Luther and the German Reformation, by Principal

T. M. Lindsay, D. D.)

For practical purposes, however, we may distinguish in the work of Martin Luther three very definite contributions, as follow:

Cl) the freedom of the mind; (2) faith in God; (3) the democracy

of the Lord's table. A few words regarding these contributions will

be sufficient for the purpose of this article. Without freedom of

mind there can be no rational religion. Luther saw this at the

beginning of the reformation controversy. The mind must be free

tc think and act for itself. Once free, the mind and soul of the religious follower may seek after God for himself, uninfluenced by the

creeds, dogmas, and traditions of men. Hence, faith in God as a

direct agency and help may override, if necessary, any interference on the part of popes or other men. Having secured this enjoyment, the

individual is now ready, according to Luther, to appreciate and understand something of the sacrifice of Christ for sinful man. He

therefore has a right to partake, with individual freedom and purity, of both emblems of the Lord's Supper and be personally strengthened thereby. All this was unusual and even radical thinking for the time

in which Martin Luther lived. And the expression of such thinking

was punishable by burning at the stake. Yet every wellinformed

Latterday Saint will recognize the foregoing contributions as direct stepping stones to a restoration of the full gospel of Jesus Christ.

THE CONTRIBUTION OF JOHN CALVIN (15361564)

John Calvin was a very different type of reformer from Martin

Luther. Like Luther, he was a great scholar and thinker; but unlike

the German reformer, he possessed a legally trained and very logical mind. Luther was a popular hero, with ideas and ideals which appealed to the people in their varied walks of life. Calvin, on the

other hand, was exclusive in his highly intellectual life. We think of

Calvin as the author of that highly intellectual and wonderfully logical system of predestination philosophy. It is not, however, the intricate working out of this philosophy with which we are concerned in

this article. Let the reader, in passing, be reminded of the principle

which lay back of the principle which is highly important doctrine—a

as a prerestoration contribution. In brief, Calvin emphasized strongly

the direct predetermining influence of God in the lives of men. It was

God, and not the Pope at Rome, who exerted the real and lasting power and influence over the affairs of life, both here and hereafter.

This conclusion would take Luther's first contribution a step further.

FROM MARTIN LUTHER TO JOSEPH SMITH 323

Not only must the mind be from the Pope, free in itself free—free

but it must also be free in God; that is, it must be free in God's law.

So much for Calvin's contribution in theory.

In practice, there was another very important contribution.

Luther had been tolerant as a reformer. Not so this leader of the

French reformation. Calvin said v/hat he thought; and carried the

thought into action, if he could. We read of him:

"Calvin was implacable in his determination to purify the worship of

God of all needless adjuncts. All that was calculated to charm and affect

the senses was abolished; spiritual worship should be independent of all

earthly things, jand should consist of edification by the word, and simple spiritual songs. Ail the traditional externals that Luther had retained

dispensedaltars, pictures, ceremonials, and decorations of every kind—were

with."(From The Period of the Reformation, by Hausser, p. 249.)

It is not difficult for a Latterday Saints to see how this change served to assist in the work of the restoration of the gospel nearly three centuries later.

WESLEY TAKES OTHER STEPS TO OPEN THE WAY (17391791)

The reader should bear in mind that nearly two centuries went by after the work of Calvin closed before the contribution of John

Wesley was given to the world. Many changes had taken place, both

in Europe and in the New World. Much had been accomplished in

the way of political revolution and development. The masses of the

people were, in general, considerably more able to think and act for themselves. Burnings at the stake had ceased. And, save for occasional

charges of witchcraft, heresy was not punishable by death, or even imprisonment. In England, a break with the Roman Catholic church

had occurred; the Church of England had been formed, and other

sects and denominations of various types had arisen and were still arising. England seemed to be, just now, the logical place for further

religious awakening. Certainly there was need for such an awakening.

For, though the Reformation proper had ended, there was still a crying need for reforming and awakening. And it was here, indeed,

that the next outstanding religious reformer arose and made his contribution to the world.

Although the son of a minister of the church in England, John

Wesley was not educated and designed for the ministry as was Luther.

He was graduated from a college of his own choosing, and was converted to church activity, in the true protestant sense, after he had finished his college course. Accordingly, we may say that Wesley

represents, not so much a breaking away from existing churches or orders of religion, as a revival type. That is to say, the great English

reformer sponsored and championed a spiritual awakening in religion already generally existing, rather than the founding of a new religion;

and this, in spite of the fact that he did become the father, socalled, 3 24 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the Methodist movement. Wesley was a great preacher, a successful

organizer, and an efficient leader. His theological contribution is tied

up with what he calls the "new birth."This new birth or regeneration is largely "the working of the Spirit,"as Wesley himself puts it.

But there are also intellectual interpretations. Wesley was inclined to

put repentance first, then faith, after which came baptism or the new birth. Regarding baptism, he has this to say:

"Baptism is a sacrament, wherein Christ hath ordained the washing with water, to be a sign and seal of regeneration by his Spirit."(Wesley's

Doctrinal Standards, by Burwash, p. 453.)

Wesley favored immersion as the correct mode of baptism enjoined by the New Testament. He permitted sprinkling, however, and also

allowed and accepted the baptism of infants. It may be well to add

that Wesley's teaching of baptism by immersion was reinforced by the

Baptist movements, though none of these latter movements produced an outstanding leader or reformer.

CAMPBELL AS A REMINDER OF OTHER TRUTHS (18121866)

It remained for Alexander Campbell to remind the world of the first three fundamentals of gospel thought, giving their proper relationships and approximate meanings. This remarkable leader of

religious thought was of ScotchIrish descent. He came to America to

work with his father, who was already a minister of the gospel, in

Pennsylvania. Young Campbell and his father left the Presbyterian

church because of their mode of baptism. In 1812 they were immersed

and began to preach for the Baptist church. Soon, however, Alexander

Campbell disagreed with Baptist doctrine, insisting that faith should and does come before repentance. He also taught the Trinity or Godhead as three distinct and definite personalities. It became necessary,

therefore, to organize a new group or body of religious believers who became known successively as "ChristianBaptists,""Campbellites,"and "Christians,"or "Disciples."Campbell contended that his movement was not the founding of a new sect, but a "restoration movement;"i. e., getting back to the primitive church and its practices, by

observing and living the teachings of Christ and the apostles, as they are found in the New Testament. Particularly, the contribution of

Alexander Campbell may be summed up in the following extract, taken from the New International Encyclopedia, under the heading, "Disciples of Christ:"

"The Disciples accept * * * the tripersonality of the Father.

Son, and Holy Ghost * * * the divine excellency of Jesus Christ as the Son of God * * * the personal mission of the Holy Ghost * * * the necessity of faith and repentance to salvation * * * and the importance of baptism and the Lord's Supper as divine ordinances."

Regarding baptism and the Lord's Supper, it may be added that

FROM MARTIN LUTHER TO JOSEPH SMITH 325

Campbell taught that baptism was for the remission of sins, and that the Lord's Supper should be observed least once a week. often—at

It is especially interesting to Latterday Saints to know that the followers of Alexander Campbell were quite numerous in the vicinity of Kirtland, Ohio, when the Prophet Joseph Smith established the headquarters of the Restored Church in that place. Also that a considerable percentage of the earthly converts to the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints in those days were first followers of

Campbell.

A CLOSING PARAGRAPH

Thus was the way opened and the field prepared for the ushering in of the gospel in its fulness. Truly, "God moves in a mysterious

way his wonders to perform."The darkness of the middle ages was

too pronounced and consuming for a sudden ushering in of the full light of the gospel from heaven. The mind of man was too far

removed from truth to comprehend at once the Fulness of Truth.

But God, in neverfailing wisdom, always prepares the way, working on natural principle and according to natural law. Little by little the

seed of reformation was sown. Line and precept were added as they

were needed and could be comprehended. Slowly and surely the

beliefs of men were moulded by prophets of a minor order. And many

reformers and leaders labored in as many lines of activity that the way might be prepared for the Dispensation of the Fulness of Times. In

all these activities, political, industrial, and religious revolutions played their part. Not only must the fulness of the gospel be given from

must also be carried abroad with heaven and received by a few—it

rapidity and accepted gladly, because minds in many climes and nations had been prepared politically, socially, and psychologically to receive it. Hence, let it not be supposed that the theological field

alone needed to be ploughed or the doctrinal vineyard pruned. But

after all else has been said, the world needed a Luther, a Calvin, a

Wesley, and a Campbell. For without their efforts—'humanly speakmighty work wrought by Joseph Smith in the restoration of ing—the

the Restored Church could not have been accomplished.

Tucson. Arizona.

Living A few simple things I must learn to do,

If I would make my life happy and true:

Work with increasing skill and cheerful wijl,

Play with merry glee that gives a thrill.

Think with clearness the thoughts that are best,

Pray with fervency and faith of the blest.

Love my neighbor and gladly take his part,

And serve my God with hand, and head, and heart.

Nephi Jensen.

AN INDIVIDUAL TESTIMONY OF THE

DIVINITY OF JESUS CHRIST By Martha E. Fuller, of the Senior Girls, Phoenix, Arizona

The sweetest joy that can come to the human heart is the spirit that attends a testimony of the divinity of Jesus, the Redeemer of the world, who is the Light of the world, and by whom and through whom only we can attain unto life eternal. Great men and

great women, through all Christian time, have acknowledged this.

The poet Tennyson, upon one occasion, while walking through his garden with a friend, was asked this question, "What influence, if any, has Jesus Christ had upon your life?"And the great poet,

reaching, plucked a beautiful rose and made this reply, "My friend, all that the sunlight is to this beautiful flower, so is the Spirit of

Jesus, the Redeemer of the world, to my life."

We, the young people of the Church, acknowledge this, and look with sorrow and consternation upon the attack now made by the antiChrist. So far as we are concerned, we stand by the faith

of our fathers, and fling back against the gathering clouds of doubt and dissension the faithdestroying argument of the adversary; and

today we announce to all the world that, so far as the young manhood and young womanhood of this Church is concerned, God lives, and

Jesus is the Christ.

At this time when the divine character and mission of the world's Redeemer are questioned, even by many professing Christians, it is a cause for congratulation and rejoicing that there is still found "faith on the in Jesus Christ as the very earth"—faith

Son of God, as the anointed and foreordained messenger of Him who "so loved the world that he gave his Only Begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life."

Among those who hold fast to this conviction, are the Latterday Saints, or "Mormons."And we announce to all the world that,

"We stand for an individual testimony of the divinity of Jesus Christ."

Such a testimony can come but in one that is God's way—and

way, not man's. Books cannot give it. Schools cannot bestow it.

No human power can impart it. It comes, if it comes at all, as a

gift of God, by direct and immediate revelation from on high.

Said Jesus to his chief apostle: "Whom say ye that I am?"

Peter answered: "Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God."

Then said Jesus: "Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona; for flesh and

blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven."Such was the basis of Peter's testimony and such is the basis of every real testimony of like character. They all rest upon the

AN INDIVIDUAL TESTIMONY 327

same foundation. Testimony means evidence, and a testimony of the

gospel may consist of any of its varied fruits; such as: dreams, visions,

prophecies, tongues and their interpretation, healings and any other manifestations of the Divine Spirit.

But the greatest and most convincing of all testimonies is the soul's illumination under the kindling and enlightening power of the

Holy Comforter, promised by the Savior to his disciples, Ghost—the

to abide with them after he had departed, to bring things of the past to their remembrance, and to show them things to come, making manifest the things of God, past, present and future.

By that Spirit, and by that alone, can men know God and know whom, and to act conJesus Christ whom he hath sent—to

sistently with that knowledge, is to lay hold upon eternal life. No

greater thing can come to men while in the flesh than the knowledge of how to secure that greatest of all heavenly gifts.

To know God, man must know himself, must know whence he came, why he is here, what is expected of him by the One who sent him here, where he is going when he leaves this mortal life, and what awaits him in the great hereafter. The Holy Spirit

is the fountain from which flows this knowledge, the most precious that men can possess. By means of it comes the testimony that

JesUs Christ was and is divine.

Such a testimony the patriarchs and prophets of old possessed.

They were not without the gospel and its glorious gifts. The Holy

Ghost did not make its first appearance upon the earth in the days of Jesus and his apostles. Men had seen God before that time, and

had enjoyed the sweet influence and wonderworking power of his

Spirit. Devised in the heavens before the earth was organized, the

gospel had been among men in a series of dispensations, long before it was preached by the apostles in the meridian of time.

"I know that my Redeemer liveth,"the cry that came from the depth of Job's sorely tried, suffering, yet patient, soul has been echoed by the hearts of many of the faithful, whose heaveninspired testimonies have come ringing down the ages, from the days of Adam to the (days of Joseph Smith, and the present day. The holy scriptures

are filled with testimonies of Christ's divinity, attested by miracles and wonders manifold.

But let us suppose Christ wrought no he did miracle—suppose

not walk upon the water, did not heal the sick, cast out devils, give sight to the blind, caused the lame to walk, or did anything that men deem supernatural, was there not that about him which bore unimpeachable testimony to his divinity?

What could be more divine than the life of one who "went about doing good,"teaching men to forgive their enemies, to pray for those who persecuted them, and do unto others as they would that ethers should do unto them? And did he not set the example by

3 28 IMPROVEMENT ERA

asking upon the cross, in the agonies of death, God's pardon upon his guilty murderers:'"Father, forgive them, for they know not

what they do."

What could be more divine than that? Who but a God could

offer such a prayer at such a time? "Greater love hath no man than

this, that a man lay down his life for his friends."But there was

one who could lay down his life for his enemies, as well as his friends. No mere man could do that. It took a God to die for all

as well as that act alone stamps divinitymen—foes friends—and

upon the character and mission of Jesus Christ.

Phoenix, Arizona.

Yellow Flowers

Yellow flowers are like cheerful people, they brighten odd corners and dingy places. There is something about yellow flowers that radiates

cheerfulness like the smile on a friendly face. Yellow flowers carry God's

messages to the stricken heart as no other color of flowers can do. Unobtrusively they bloom on windswept hills far from the haunts of man,

content to make beautiful outof-way places; they drop their yellow petals,

like splashes of sunshine, on the dunes of the gray desert, asking for only the meager dew drops to keep them fresh; they nod in woodland nooks,

seen only by birds and bees. They are like the friendly humans who go

unconsciously about their silent mission brightening up the community in which they live with the happiness that beams from their faces and the cheerful words that fall from their lips. The dandelion is the humblest of

the yellow flowers, it cannot compare with the stately rose, yet little children love it is thornless. D. C. Retsloff. it—

To Measure Success

Out of the failure and out of the fault of you,

Something rebounds to an ultimate good,

Something that savors the tang and the salt of you,

Weathers the sinew and gnarl of the wood.

Out of the residue, out of the flaws of you,

Something is crystalized deep in the dross,

Back of the primitive reason and cause of you,

Nothing was ever created for loss.

Out of your past there emerges tomorrow,

Bigger and fuller for tempest and stress,

Out of your failure and out of your sorrow,

Something is needed to measure success!

Mesa, Arizona. BERTHA A. KLEINMAN.

TEASING THE DOG By Ellen L. Jakeman

The richest soil, unsown to better seeds',

Will give its strength to foul and bitter weeds.

Mr. Maxwell was hardly out of sight going toward home, his

big dog, Leone, lumbering at his heels, when Bill Duncan crept out of the bushes and trees that grew all round this corner of the Maxwell farm, sheltering orchard and watermelon patch from wind and frost. Mr. Maxwell had been one of the first men in this locality

to demonstrate, that, by looking out for favorable conditions, fruit could be grown. This spot, warm, sandy loam, lying fair to the sun,

was ideal, except that it was too far from the house to be watched constantly. A gang of boys, of which Bill Duncan was the acknowledged leader, had depredated some; and the owner had been neither

slow nor moderate in denouncing the pilfering and the pilferers, and had made some threats when exasperated that had not bettered matters to any great extent. His dog, half St. Bernard, and one half—no

knew stood guard and was a very faithful and obewhat,—sometimes

dient animal; slow to learn a new lesson, but it did seem, when once

mastered, some things were learned too well. For one instance:—sent

day to drive a neighbor's cows away from a rather weak place in the field fence, he went as he was bidden but did not return till next day, driving the cows many miles out into the hills, because his master forgot to whistle a retreat to call him back.

Bill Duncan had not been allowed to have a dog of his own; so,

to save his face with the other boys, who nearly all had dogs, he had rocked, tincanned and teased all the dogs, saying he hated them. Leone

was one of the dogs he had teased and hectored till he was afraid of him, and not without cause. Mr. Maxwell had left his son, Tom, on

guard, and had the dog stayed with him, Bill would have kept discreetly out of sight, but he was not afraid of the boy.

The fathers of these two boys were born in the same English village, worked together in their youth, joined the Church at about the same time, crossed the ocean in the same ship and traversed the plains in the same company, and it would seem that nothing could have disrupted such a friendship; but the conduct of the boys, and

Mr. Maxwell's threats, had brought about a sullen coldness. No more

did they drop in casually to spend an evening, or make it convenient to walk together to and from their men's meetings or discuss points of doctrine, agricultural problems or politics.

No; Bill Duncan was not afraid of Tom Maxwell! The melons

were ripe now, and ready for market, delicious to the taste and doubly desirable because forbidden.

3 30 IMPROVEMENT ERA

There must be no outcry, so Bill sneaked silently through the grass till with a bound he was on the back of the young watcher:

"You make one yell and I'll paste you one on the jaw. You're

a noble watchman, 'Horatio at the Bridge,'to let the Tuscans sneak right up and climb your back without knowing it!"he told his

struggling captive. "Come on now, I'm going to put you in the

tool house, and sack Rome; otherwise spoken of as eat all the watermelons I want! See?"and he marched the now nonresisting boy,

somewhat smaller than himself, to a binlike shack built against the hill. Tools were kept here for convenience, and recently a sheetiron camp stove and a small stock of provisions had been added, for it

had been necessary to stand guard at the melon patch all night, sometimes. A heavy iron bar fastened the door on the outside, and there

were no windows, and when Bill had shoved Tom in, and barred the door, he exulted in the thought that nothing less effective than an ax could open it from the inside.

Bill stayed a few moments to have fun with his captive, but getting no response, turned his attention to the melons.

He had not yet made hisselection when he saw Leone, the dog, come bounding back, and realized that he would have to "leg it some"if he got over the fence before he was caught; and he had no curiosity to find out what a dog that had killed several wild animals in fair

fight would do to him if he caught him while trespassing.

It was a close shave, but Bill made it to the fence and over. One

of the lessons that Leone had learned was to stay hostilities on his own side of the fence, and to make the boys respect the fence line, also.

Safely over, Bill, who felt the dog had cheated him out of a melon, began to taunt and annoy the faithful old guard, who had gone and lain down in front of the tool hut. He had been sent back to stay

with Tom, and it was quite possible that he had seen Bill push Tom into the hut as he came through the brush.

Bill flipped small stones to sting the dog, yelped like a coyote, and, what he knew the dog particularly disliked, pointed his finger at him and made a hissing noise.

Leone rumbled deep growls in his throat, and evinced displeasure, but stuck to his post.

Grown tired of this doubtful sport. Bill decided to go elsewhere, and called out to his prisoner: "Hey, Tom! I'd let you

out but this hippopotamus you folks call a dog won't let me. So

long! I hope you have a pleasant afternoon in the sweat box for

being so stingy with your melons."Getting no reply, Bill walked

away whistling. He had not gone far, however, when, chancing to

look back, he thought he saw a faint haze of smoke hovering over the rear part of the temporary prison.

"Fire!"he it is a word to appall the stoutest ejaculated—and

heart. He watched the haze for a few moments, unable to believe

his eyes, and saw the mist of smoke turn to thin spirals. With genuine

alarm he rushed back to open the toolhut door, but making a

TEASING THE DOG 331 mental resolve to thump Tom good if he was playing any kind of a trick on him. Bill was on the fence, but the dog, whom he had

momentarily forgotten, met him with teeth bared and neck ruff bristling.

The smoke was growing more dense with every minute, and

Bill's alarm grew with it. "Oh, Leone, let me come over,"he begged.

"Tom's in that tool house and it's afire! Can't you understand, you

old fool? Tom! Tom!"Bill called, his fright mounting, but there

was no answer.

"I've got to come over, Leone,"he panted; and the quality of

terror in his voice gave the dog, through primal instinct, knowledge that something out of the usual was going forward, and he sniffed and whined uneasily; but the abuse, teasing and taunting that had

long been his portion from the hands of this boy was one of the lessons he had learned thoroughly.

It is hard to tell, in the changing vicissitudes of life, into whose hands the balance of power will fall, and what terrible reprisal may be taken for an act of oppression, or a ruthless disregard of another's rights. For Bill, this balance of power was invested in the powerful

jaws of a dog that he had assiduously taught to hate and fear him. Who

could have guessed when he was teasing, insulting and rocking this animal, that the impressions made might become a matter of life and death?

His mind had reasoned swiftly that if he went over in spite of the dog, and he tore him down as he threatened to do, Tom would be no better off; but he could not quit with that obvious conclusion.

"I'll come over right now, if I have to kill you, or you kill me;"said the desperate, whitelipped boy, as he grabbed up the broken

limb of a cedar tree that lay near, and again mounted the fence, determined to open the hut door or die in the attempt.

While Bill was getting the club the dog had run frantically around the tool house, even scrambling over the rocks and brush that blocked the back of it, where the fire was making the most headway, and he sent up a long, mournful howl as he turned the corner, that set every nerve in Bill's body quivering with a cold panic.

The fire was gaining, but the dog met Bill at the fence with a murderous growl, that almost seemed as much an accusation as a menace.

Perhaps nothing on earth but the sight of Mr. Maxwell running

toward them, gun in hand, would have kept Bill from jumping down into the very jaws of the slavering beast.

Mr. Maxwell whistled, and, obedient as always, the dog turned

to his master.

Over the fence went Bill, and in spite of the intense heat, ran to the burning tool house, and whipping off his coat to protect his hands, tried frantically to lift the iron bar that held the door fast, but the heat had warped the wood and he could not move it. All the

time he was making these frantic efforts, he was yelling:

3 32 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Tom's in here! Tom's in here!"and in his heart he was saying:

"Oh, God, perform a miracle and put out this fire. I know you can

do anything you wish to! For Tom's sake! For his father's* sake!

For his mother's sake! Punish me for all I've done but don't let Tom

dp burned to death for my wickedness."

Mr. Maxwell stared at the shrieking boy, amazed.

"Come away from there, you big fool,"he shouted. "You'll be

killed!"But the frantic boy did not seem to hear him, as he made

prodigious efforts to remove the iron bar from the door.

Then the back part of the roof fell in.

Bill seemed to realize then that all further effort on his part was useless. He walked toward Mr. Maxwell like a feeble old man. He

threw away the scorched and smoking coat, and drew his shirt sleeve across his all but blistered face. He came quite close and throwing

wide his arms in a gesture of utter despair said to the amazed watermelon grower: "Shoot me, Mr. Maxwell, shoot me! I'll tell the truth anyhow

when I'm arrested, and they will hang me, but I just can't bear a trial, and see* how you and Tom's mother will feel, and how my mother and father will feel and everybody will hate me. I know

now."As if talking to himself, he continued, "I know now how

Cain felt when he killed his brother. Only he wanted to kill Abel,

and I only meant to tease and bully Tom,"and he sank to the earth, a limp and inanimate heap, at the feet of the surprised and puzzled

Mr. Maxwell.

Even the dog knew that something was wrong with his archenemy. He whined, and nosed the motionless figure.

Tom came out of the brush and followed his father, who had picked the boy up, over the rough furrows to an irrigation ditch.

"I know what's the matter with him, Daddy! He put me in

the tool house so he could steal melons, and I thought I would be there till you came back, so I started to build a fire to get me some dinner, and it would not burn very well; and, happening to think

of the panel at the back that would not work after the rainy spell,

I left the fire and went and tried it. It worked all right, and I forgot

about the fire I'd been trying to build and sneaked out through the brush and trees, without letting Bill know. I must have been gone

before Leone got back. I wanted you to catch him taking it easy in

the melon patch, and give him a good flogging, but I did not think you'd bring a gun when I told you it was just one of our neighbor boys, Daddy!"and there was something in the tone and the sicksadness of his lad's young eyes that greatly distressed Mr. Maxwell. He

was conscious of a poignant desire to rehabilitate himself in the good opinion of his son, but could think of nothing to say.

Having sloshed the face and head of the collapsed boy liberally with tepid water from the irrigation ditch, and not gaining so much as the quiver of an eyelash in response, Mr. Maxwell became alarmed.

"Run for his father, Tom. Go to the field, not to the house

TEASING THE DOG 3 33

where his mother is. Tell him to come quickly. Poor kid! If he

thinks you were burned to death and it was his fault, I can begin to understand why he asked me to shoot him. He was in earnest, too!

Well, that is quite a heavy burden of sorrow for a child, poor kid!"

But Mr. Maxwell was talking to his dog, for Tom had sped away

at his father's first words, on fleet and almost tireless legs.

Mr. Maxwell was mechanically wetting the boy's face when his

father dismounted from a blown plow horse, and came over and took his son in his arms. The limp form seemed to have shrunken in its

clothes, and the limbs sprawled every way in obedience to the laws of gravity. He had heard the whole story from Tom who had

ridden back, perched like a monkey on the back of the horse. As

Mr. Duncan laid the firescorched face on his breast, he didn't say a

word, but such a groan burst from his lips as set Tom to crying, and

Mr. Maxwell to trying to comfort him.

"There was something noble ui that boy's soul,"old friend, "even if he was mischievous."

That past tense was like a dagger in the heart of Bill's father, who replied: "I've thrashed him for his mischief, and never taken time to

find out what was in his soul; but if God will give him back to me

and forgive me for being so blind and stupid in the past, I'll surely be a real father to him in the future."

There in that open field, beneath the blue, imperial sky, they sought the great physician, and humbly begged for the life of Bill, the bad boy, suddenly grown so precious. Before they were well through

presenting their petition to the Lord, Bill feebly opened his eye:;, and

looked up into his father's face.

"Are you dead, too, Daddy? You know Tom and 1 areboth dead, don't you? I—"and before his father could answer him.

his voice, not much more than a whisper, trailed off into nothingness, and he was again unconscious.

Mr. Duncan arose to his feet with the boy in his arms.

"It will be best for him to wake in his mother's arms, so I'll carry him home. Tom, will you ride the horse over for me?"

Tom caught the grazing horse, and stood at attention.

Mr. Maxwell spread a clean, white handkerchief between Bill's

scorched face and his father's rough shirt; and tore down a panel of

fence that Mr. Duncan might pass through without jarring his burden.

He then picked up his gun and followed along; and with his dog at

his heels, and Tom on the horse, they formed quite a startling procession.

Mrs. Duncan saw them coming and, panic stricken, ran to meet

them. Seeing the gun in the hands of her neighbor, said, "Oh, Mr.

Maxwell, you haven't shot my boy! I know he has annoyed you.

and you have made threats, but surely he did not deserve death!"

Knowing what had been in his thoughts when he went to the melon patch, Mr. Maxwell dropped his eyes to his gun, shifted his

3 34 IMPROVEMENT ERA

glance to the dog, and then to his own boy without replying; but her

husband hastened to reassure her.

"No, Mary, our good neighbors came to help me home with him.

Billy has tell you about it later."fainted,—I'll

They undressed the still unconscious lad, got him into dry clothes, and to bed, and his mother dressed his burns while she listened to the recital of all but tragedy.

Bill was breathing better now, but suddenly he opened 'his eyes and cried out in anguish: "Tom is in there, Leone! I must

go over the fence! Oh, I wish I had never teased you, old fellow!"

and he would have scrambled out of bed if kind hands had not restrained him. When fully awake and made to take a look at Tom,

alive and safe, he sank back on the bed, and gave way to saving tears.

Mrs. Maxwell was notified and both father and son stayed

all night. They kept Tom as exhibit "A"in case Bill should dream

the fire over again, which he did so often that they finally put Tom to bed with him, and Bill went to sleep with his hand firmly grasping the collar of Tom's pajamas.

Through that long night those two fathers, who had come near to being enemies over the pranks of their two boys, talked long and earnestly how best to utilize for good the streams of vitality possessed by their children. They did not originate any very startling,

or new, ideas, but they remodeled some very good old ones. They

decided that during another year the boys should have a melon patch of their own, and they would talk other fathers into the same idea, as a protective measure. The half holidays so desperately desired by all

boys should be cheerfully given as a reward for work properly done on other days, and a fishing tackle provided ungrudgingly. And

they would take an interest in whatever happened, and give at least a modicum of praise when the boys used good judgment in the various experiences that came to them.

When the Y. M. M. I. A. was organized in their town, and later

the Boy Scouts, there were two fathers present who were ready for them, and eager to put their shoulders to the wheel.

And Bill had learned his lesson, in time for it to be a benefit to him, and his sons after him, and the people of the town in which he lived, not omitting dogs and other dumb animals. Not all of us are so

fortunate.

Faith If God had faith in frail, unstable man,

Subject to passions and misleading dreams,

Subject to fears and doubts and idols false,

Subject to vile, satanic beckonings;

Surely we cannot lose our faith in Him,

Him who has stood the test of time and storms,

Him who alone has kept the heaven bright

Him who has promised us Eternity.

Claire Stewart Boyer.

THE FAITH THAT ENDURED By O. B. Peterson, Former President of the Tahitian

Mission

10:22. "He that endureth to the end shall be saved."—Matthew

As the evening shadows cast a dusky mantle over the coral isles of the South Pacific, a sailing craft of twelve tons put to sea from the island of Rairoa, Tuamotu archipeligo, bound for Tahiti. Its cargo

was copra; its passengers and crew numbered native men, eleven—five

three native women, a child, a Spaniard and a Chinaman,

The tropic moon smiled pleasantly in lighting their way, and with the favor of a brisk, steady breeze, the little boat flitted merrily over the waves, and by morning had landed them safely at the phosphate island, Makatea. They had little to do at this place, and were

soon on their way again to the Eden of the Pacific.

Fortune continued to ride with them for a while, but as the day waned and the sun sought the horizon, the wind veered to the south and began vehemently to oppose their progress. Dame Fortune bade

them adieu. They were soon unable to advance farther in the direction desired, so they set their compass for the island of Raiatea, lying to

the west; and thus they continued for the two days following. The

wind, however, steadily increased in velocity until it became a furious gale; and the sea joined in the game, as if the little craft were a ball to

be tossed to and fro, hither and yon; and not satisfied with mere play,

the angry waves soon began to break over the deck of the boat, in an effort, apparently, to submerge it entirely. Seeing this, and thinking

probably to thwart the efforts of both ship and sea, the rain beat down in torrents. The company of unfortunate souls had no refuge from

the fury of Nature's onslaught, but were compelled to remain on deck and breast the storm, with light or heavy heart as the case might be.

They first reefed their sails, and then finally lowered them altogether, leaving the frail, little boat entirely to the mercy of the elements; and

further trying to reconcile, rather than oppose, the angry sea, the course was changed to agree with the running of the waves, which headed them back for the island of Makatea. The men were ordered also to

put some of the cargo on deck, to jafford them all possible protection, and two anchors were prepared and dropped into the sea at the front of the ship to help hold it in an upright position. The force of the

wind made it impossible to light the ship's lanterns, so they performed their necessary tasks and read the compass by the aid of a hand searchlight.

It seemed to them that matters could not possibly be worse. They

were then approximately fifty miles southwest from Makatea; ominous

night had come upon them; darkness as of the inner recesses of the

earth settled down over the briny deep. They were trying to calm

J 3 6 IMPROVEMENT ERA

themselves with the hope that the light of another morning would bring relief to their anxious hearts. But alas! The action had not

thus been written into their drama; the denouement had been reserved for another had been merely working up to the time—they

climax. At that moment the wind suddenly came in a whirl; the light

craft was caught in its meshes and overturned, and its forlorn occupants emptied carelessly into the surging billows of the sea. Oh! Could

there be a worse fate? That green, foamy, briny, ghostly, heaving

mass, clutching at them as the arms and suckers of an octopus; and then

to be hurled bodily into its very embrace!

The hero of the occasion was Mohi (Mohe), a large, well built, seriousminded native, whom but to know is to admire. His office of

elder in the L. D. S. Church, backed with faith well grounded in the

A SAILING CRAFT OF TWELVE TONS PUT TO SEA

principles and doctrines of that religion, had made him the staying power among the little company up to this moment of despair. He

had encouraged them; he had told them that morning would oring

a change to their advantage; his advice, his judgment, his faith and

trust in God were held in high esteem by all on board. Among the

passengers of the capsized boat were his son and daughterin-law, Vaio (Vi-o) and wife; but Mohi's anxiety and consideration reached not

only these, but all whose lives were now endangered.

delay would mean the loss of some or all of them. No—a moment'sThe time for wise, quick, strenuous action had suddenly arrived

one realized this more than Mohi. He immediately called to each one,

name by name, and received an answer from all but the Spaniard.

When last seen he was sitting on the'eabin; and, thinking that he might

have gone inside and was trapped there, Mohi dived under the ship and

THE FAITH THAT ENDURED 33 7

entered the cabin,'but it was so dark that he could see nothing, and was forced to return to the surface. Being an expert swimmer and diver,

despite his sixtyodd years, he made several other attempts to find the lost man, by diving under and about the boat, but to no avail—the

Spaniard was never seen again. He turned his attention to the remaining members of the party, still floundering among the raging billows and clinging to the edge of the ship or parts of the rigging, in

darkness as that of the blind; and those who were unable to help themselves he assisted to place of safety upon the side of the boat. He

found the mother of the little boy struggling to save both herself and her child; the Chinaman was hanging to the main boom. But even when

the probability of immediate death had been overcome, it was still a constant and strenuous task to hold on to the side of the overturned boat in so furious and wild a sea. Mohi's faith was not without

works, however; he continued to use every means possible by which the

safety of his friends might be secured. Diving into the sea again, he

cut the jib sail loose, brought it to the top and tied it so as to break the force of the waves. He then made fast another rope over the side of

the ship to which they all could cling and thus lessen the danger of being washed off into that surging, dashing, covetous monster of death.

Now that everyone was secure and as comfortable as possible, Mohi took his stand on the keel at the stern of the ship, with a rope as support, and watched and swayed as the dark, dismal hours of night tolled off, until the break of day shed light upon the pathetic scene.

When day dawned the captain and Vaio suggested that the mast be removed, thinking the boat could then be righted. To such action,

however, Mohi refused to accede, as he sensed the dangerous probability of losing mast, sails, ropes/ anchors and Mohi's judgment all—and

takes precedent over even a ship captain's in so grave a situation. But

the captain and Vaio argued and insisted until, finally, Mohi consented.

As the mast was loosened, a large wave struck the mast and ship—the

all connected with it, together with part of the ship's flooring, were torn away. Mohi tried to tie them to the rear of the boat, but the

rope was too short, and he was compelled to let them to his go—true

premonition, all were lost. The ship was righted, but far more damage than good had been done. Their plight now was at the extreme

nothing left but a shell of a boat, and that filling with water.

They all sensed the apparent hopelessness of their predicament;

but Mohi had reserved the greatest expression of his faith and hope till last. In that little company were Catholics, Protestants, Reorganites

and Latterday Saints. Mohi addressed them: "Of ourselves we can do

no more; we are doomed; there is no way by which we may escape

the grim spectre, Death, which is slowly but surely approaching, except through the help of God. This is no time for difference of opinion,

or variety of religious thought. If you will unite your faith with mine,

we will ask the Lord for help, and we shall be saved."They readily

agreed. Mohi then asked his daughterin-law, a member of the Reorganite church, to lead them in song, after which he prayed, with

33 8 IMPROVEMENT ERA

implicit faith and confidence, nothing wavering, to that God whom he had been taught to worship and to approach in time of need. Judging the time by the sun and the stars, they held such a prayer service

at 6 a. m., 10 a. m., 3 p.m. and 9 p. m. of each day.

As each day came and went without sign of sail or help in any form, their plight were gradually sinking into oblivion. increased—they

With no food, no water, no sustenance of any kind, they became weaker and weaker, but they still had faith and least Mohi did. On hope—at

the fourth day, after the 8 o'clock prayer, the daughterin-law said she had received a manifestation of some nature, in which she seemed to see two personages approaching the boat; the one dressed in black; the

other, in white. As they reached the boat, the one in black went on;

while the one in white stopped to view the situation, but disappeared as Mohi said, "Amen."The relating of this incident, whatever it

was, gave new courage and life to the sufferers. It was a sign, they

said, that they were to be saved.

The women now were physically unable to sing, but Mohi continued to pray at the appointed hours. The morning of the fifth

day brought a calm sea, placid, unruffled; the Demon of the storm had

spent his strength, and, thinking there was little more to do, had left the vanquished on the battlefield, apparently to die at leisure. The

calm sea, however, permitted them to bail the water from their boat, thus raising it above the surface of the sea, and improving their condition somewhat. Great sharks swam leisurely about the boat, as if

waiting for a tasty human morsel; but Mohi, unafraid, motivated by

faith and the desire to appease their appetites and satisfy their curiosities, swam as leisurely among them, feeding them bits of copra from out his hands. Thus faith closed the mouths of sharks, as it had closed

the mouths of lions.

In the afternoon of the fifth day, the Chinaman, whose faith apparently was no longer equal to the trial, became delirious and, in an attempt to jump overboard, fell into Mohi's arms and passed away. In

the evening Mohi ordered them all to keep their places and to look straight ahead. He then took the Chinaman's body to the rear of the

boat, prepared it as best he could for burial, dedicated the spot, and consigned the remains to an ocean grave. Having no weights to use,

he feared the body would return to the surface; but as it was lowered

into the sea, it took a downward course and disappeared. That night

and the next day passed without much change, except that the increasing pangs of hunger and thirst added steadily to their emaciation.

As the seventh day of their plight dawned, a beautiful Sabbath morning, their cloud of despair showed a silver lining. When their

boat was upset they were southwest from Makatea, but they had now drifted to the northeast, or leeward, side of that island. On the western

horizon a dark speck took shape and as it increased in size, their hearts responded with a like increase in interest and anxiety. Was it but the

sign of another impending storm? "A ship!"shouted Mohi; "'tis the

smoke of a steamer."Those magic words caused a thrill and awakenTHE FAITH THAT ENDURED 339

ing of the little party, such as might be expected when Gabriel blows his trump on the morn of the resurrection. And such veritably it

seemed to them. The exultation at the thought of possible rescue and

prolonged life made them forget for the moment their misery and suffering. Mohi quickly took some boards from the boat, fastened them

together, tied a cloth to the end, and frantically to no signalled—but

avail. As the rays of the sun break through the density of a storm

cloud for just a moment and then recede, so their little world was left again in gloom, darkness and despair.

The steamer was headed for Makatea. They had been at sea

about twelve days, and all on board were now eagerly watching the island in the reason for their not seeing the drifing wreck distance—the

on the port side of the ship.

They continued to place their trust in God; and Mohi prayed

steadfastly for their relief and rescue, with faith that but few know.

He also conducted religious service that Sunday morning, and encouraged his fellowsufferers with quotations from the scriptures, wherein was shown the mercy and protection of God toward the prophets and saints of old in times of distress and danger. "By their faith were

they saved,"said Mohi, "and despite the apparent hopelessness of our situation, we must not give up; as long as there is life there is hope;

only 'he that endureth to the end shall be saved.'

The cries of the little boy for something to eat and drink, to which it was impossible for them to comply, were like knifethrusts into the hearts of those loving, sympathetic people. His frail little tabernacle,

being unequal to the ordeal of seven days without food or water, aggravated by wet and cold, began to crumble and break down. His

little spirit, finding that tabernacle no longer a fit place in which to dwell, it appeared, was preparing to take its leave. Mohi dedicated

him to the Lord, and with true motherlove the women huddled about him on the deck of the ship.

With the coming of night, there came a feeling of peace, calm, hope, joy. The tropic moon shone full and clear; with not a ripple

on the ocean, nor the slightest breeze to break the stillness. As in the

fields of Bethlehem, when the angels announced the birth of the

Savior, so the very atmosphere surrounding them seemed filled with the announcement of something about to occur. Midnight approached.

Most of the others were asleep; but Mohi sat by himself and—waited.

For some time he had been watching a dark object in the distant west.

He said nothing of it to the others; he wondered if it were just his

imagination; an illusion, perhaps. It appeared to be approaching, nearer

and nearer. Still he said nothing; the men of the party had made the

threat that they would swim for the first thing that looked like land or ship, and a danger lay in their emaciated condition; then, too, he knew

that to arouse them with a false hope would tend to destroy rather than to buoy up their faith. Another half hour of almost breathless

340 IMPROVEMENT ERA

suspense passed; he was hoping to see a light, but only the stars and

moon gave semblance of what he sought.

But there! there! He rubbed his eyes. Was he dreaming? No,

there it red light! Out of the abundance of his heart his was—a

thanked the Lord! He then broke the news. Themouth spoke—he

sleepers awoke with a start; excitement reigned supreme. They wanted

to jump into the ocean and swim to the oncoming vessel; but Mohi

restrained them. He knew that seven days of constant peril, without

either food or drink, had robbed them of the necessary endurance for such a feat. "Save your energy,"he counseled, "and when the time is

right we will all join in a call of distress."

steamer. But, see! It was heading straight On came the ship—a

for the little craft! What did it mean? Were they to be destroyed

after all? There seemed almost a cessation of heartbeats for the second.

Ah! It veered to the left and continued ahead. Now, together. "Ship

ahoy!"rang out as one voice, clear and resonant, over the shimmering,

placid sea. Could it be that they had not heard? They would likely

all be asleep, except the watch, at this time of night. There was no

sign of ship sped past and on. Hope began to die. But response—the

why was it making that turn to the right? Ah, could it be? They

waited breathlessly. The vessel was returning. Mohi urged them

to call again. As their anxious cry again broke the stillness of the

night, the searchlights of the steamer began to play upon the surface of the sea. They had heard. The source of the weird nightcall was soon

located, the life boat quickly lowered, and the little party of distressed souls taken aboard. The remains of the craft on which they

had weathered the worst was left behind.

S|C 5JC 3)C '3fS Upon the arrival of the steamer at Makatea that Sunday morning, the captain explained later, they found several ships ahead of them.

This meant a delay of a few days before they could get their load of phosphate. There being no suitable place at which to drop anchor, the

captain decided to cruise around in the open sea at the leeward side of the island. He set the compass, left an officer in charge of the wheel

and retired to his room. Without any apparent reason, however, he

returned to the wheel and ordered the course changed more to the left, and retired again. But he felt queer, nervous, was unable to restless—he

sleep. He returned to the deck again and sat down beside the wheel.

Suddenly and impulsively he grasped the wheel and gave it a mighty spin, which caused the ship to swerve quickly to the left; then held

listened. What was that, a cry of distress? He askedstopped—andit again to a straight course. He started again for his room; but

the man at the wheel if he heard anything. The officer answered that it

sounded like someone calling. "Turn the ship around,"was the

command; and the big vessel was soon heading in the opposite direction. The call sounded again from the surface of the was deep—there

no mistake this the searchlights were soon able to say, time—and

"There they are."

THE FAITH THAT ENDURED 341

The people of the steamer were English, and the natives told their story by means of signs and a few words of French, which Vaio and one of the ship's men could speak and understand. Many kinds

of tempting food were placed before them; but the ship'-s doctor ordered

it taken away, and regulated their diet to suit their condition. The

ON CAME THE SHIP—A STEAMER. MOHI THANKED THE LORD

doctor also took charge of the little boy, in whom the flame of life still flickered, but it shortly afterwards died out.

The rescued party were taken to the island of Makatea, where friends ministered to their needs. Thus had their faith been tested,

and, being of the quality "that endureth to the end,"had brought them deliverance and prolonged life.

Do Spare This Tree Oh, Forestry, do spare this tree! Oh, famous, patient, ancient tree,

An emblem of eternity, Master of humility!

That bathes in light with one applause The frosty years throughout your days

To all of God's eternal laws, Were also met with Summer's blaze;

And sighs to all who call, "Be free."But living law has held you free.

Oh, faithful wonder, ancient tree, Oh, Forestry, do spare this tree,

Partaker of all purity! An emblem of eternity.

If we could live to your great age Perhaps, if left here all unmarred,

And still retain a cleanly page, May live to see our coming Lord.

How great our glory then would be. Oh, Forestry, do spare this tree.

Mink, Creek, Idaho. Christen Hansen.

Explaining the likeness to a companion—the resemblance to the Sacred Ankh,* of

Egypt. Carved on the rocks near Deseret.

TO THE ANCIENT INDIAN HIEROGLYPHICS

A Community Holiday Outing By Frank Beckwith "See, my dear,"the young lady to the left is saying, "here is the carving the lecturer spoke of; here is the object near the hand, just as

he said. To denote it as belonging near or in the hand, the man who

carved it in the long ago drew the bar of the design crossing the man's wrist. And compared with the text book illustration, there is certainly

a resemblance, when one's attention is called to it. What did he say

it was?""He said it was a very curious likeness to the ankh, which is the combined circle and cross so frequently pictured in the hands of figures carved on the obelisks of ancient Egypt,"said the one who was questioned.*

The young lady to the left was a visitor from Salt Lake City, spending a week with her hostess, who is sitting on the right. The

occasion was a holiday outing held one day last fall when a throng of about three hundred persons gathered among the lava boulders southwest of Deseret, in Millard county, to study the ancient Indian hieroglyphics found there. A lecturer took each of the carved rocks, and

drew out to the fullest extent the interest in each; some he found to

contain figures and designs resembling Old World usage. This rock,

and one other, so strikingly illustrated the similarity as to carry conviction that the intent of the person who carved it in the long ago was to use a likeness of a known historical symbol.

"It is well known,"said the lecturer, "that scholars boldly assert that not only one, but several waves or groups of immigrants may have

*The Egyptian cross with a handle {Ankh Ansata) is the sign of life. Its

presence in Central and North American lore and monuments is said to be proof of connection with the Old World.—Ed.

TO THE ANCIENT INDIAN HIEROGLYPHICS 343

come to North America from the Old World. The most common

course for that journey is usually thought of as being via Behring by way of the chain of the Strait, by boat or upon the ice floes—or

Aleutian Islands. Some scholars find in the South American natives so

strong a similarity to Malayan features as to lead them to say that

Polynesian seamen may have come from those islands to the coast of

South America.

"History does not record any proved or accepted visitation anciently of any people to the shores of either American continent who came directly across the is, accepted in the sense of secular Pacific,—that

history, not religious record.

"But such a passage is not difficult of belief; especially when one

bears in mind that the direct passage has been made across, in a manner most noteworthy. Harry Pigeon circumnavigated the world

in a thirtyfour foot boat, sailing alone. And again the similar feat

was done when Captain Slocum made the passage of the Pacific in the small boat called The Spray.

"From the weight of indisputable evidences,"continued the speaker of the occasion, "scholars do accept that a wave or waves, a group or groups, may have come to these shores. And you,"he said,

addressing his audience, "accept the passage of Lehi."

Continuing his remarks, the speaker said:

"The very oldest, the primal, urge of man is selfexpressiion. People of all nations have sought to say something, and to put that expression into permanent form. In Persia, Assyria, Chaldea, Greece, Rome,

nature was the same. Convenient rocks were carvedEgypt—human

with a message; that message may have been a narrative of deeds of

glory, a recital of events in a great monarch's reign, or the vainglory of an ambitious whatever the content, the act was the exruler;—but

pression of human nature the world over. The motivation was ever

the same. "The red man obeyed the same urge.

"Indian hieroglyphics were cut for a similar reason. Though our

efforts are baffled for an interpretation (though no Rosetta Stone or other paralleled passages gives us a clue), the basic intent, be it monumental inscription in Eurasia, or an Indian petroglyph in Utah,was and is always the same,—a message a message of some kind

with intent to express to another a thought represented by the marks."

Establishing a foundation by the preceding remarks, the speaker continued: "We have now come to the pith of the matter. Establishing that

persons arrived here, be the manner of their coming what it may, be their passage by the north or south or straight across, the purpose of our meeting here today is to bring out, by studious scrutiny, any plausible or acceptable likeness of a usage here with a known historical usage in the Old World.

"Two such instances of similarity are found in these ancient carvings. 344 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"On a rock cut with several figures in ideagraphic expression appears an object held in the left hand, which is strikingly similar to the crux ansata or 'sacred ankh'of the Egyptians."

(That figure may be identified in the photo as the ideagraph with the large circle for head, straight stem for body, with legs drawn from it and arms on each side; the left arm is seen to end with a

circle surmounting a cross.)

"In the old Egyptian usage this emblem is always held in the hand of the god, by the fingers passing into the loop of the circle.

"Were this the only instance of this similarity to be found here at Deseret, it might very properly be classed as merely a rare coinCopyright 192 6, Frank Beckwith, Delta, Utah

Top: Ideagraph combined with picturegraphic methods of thought presentation.

Placed almost in the hand of the man to the left is a wondrous likeness to the

Ankh or crux ansata of the Egyptians.

Bottom: A closeup, and a hand drawing taken from a textbook on Egyptology.

Compare the two. 'III

TO THE ANCIENT INDIAN HIEROGLYPHICS 345

cidcnce, a chance happening, to which no value should be given. But

on the contrary, the similarity is found twice.

"The second occurrence is on the left of a group of rather varied extent. Because of the number of the figures, this entire group was

probably written with a narrative intent.

"The crude artisan, doing the best he could (and that best was woefully deficient), drew a figure of a man out of proportion to the rest of the group. It is much larger than any of the other

figures. He failed to attain due proportion; nor did he have the skill

to draw, as being held in the hand, the object which his tradition or his slight remembrance told him should be held in the hand. But,

doing the best he could, he drew the object just as near the required position as he could; he further indicated his intent by extending the bar of his design across the wrist of the figure of the man,

denoting by that means that it belonged to and had to do,with the hand of the figure. Had he the ability to have drawn in better

proportion, had he adhered to proper comparative size, the circle would have been held in the hand; but if, in his error of proportion, he had

done so, there would not have been legs would have room—the

been in the way for a design of even onethird the size he used."

This was the figure the girls were studying. The camera caught

them going over the details of the lecture, discussing it point by point. The visiting lady was Miss Esther Nokelby; her hostess

on that day was Miss Elva Mace, whose father is a veritable mine of information about things Indian, and of the wonders to be found in that vicinity. He acts as guide for many parties who seek firsthand information from the objects of interest themselves.

One large visiting group placed itself before the big carved stone whichhas been named "The First Issue of the Deseret News,"and were photographed with that in the background. In the group were Bishop

and Mrs. E. L. Lyman, of Delta; Samuel Western, age eightytwo;

Lee R. Cropper, also age eightytwo, both from Deseret. That day

Mr. Cropper said, "I have seen these rock carvings as far back as fiftytwo years ago, and never have they lost their interest to me."

John Bennett of Deseret acted as chairman, and was one of the speakers. He took as his subject the great natural phenomenon of the

stone face, which by his oratory was christened "The Guardian of

Deseret."He stood before the throng, head bared, and rose, to

rhetorical flights as he brought out how that wonderful stone face must have seen civilizations come to this land; had seen their rise

and fall; had witnessed the massacre of the "Little People of the

Cliffs;"had looked upon the vicissitudes of Aztec and Inca; and

joyed in the joys of Lehi's descendants and sorrowed in their sorrows.

Many of his hearers stood rapt in attention, with faces turned toward the great stone face, as he drew his simile. Others of his

listeners bowed their heads in reveries of deepest thought, pondering over a subject which is fraught with so much interest.

Delta, Utah.

READING THE BOOK OF MORMON

[To encourage the reading of the Book of Mormon, the Improvement

Era in November offered to the winning M Man a twoyears'subscription to the Era for the best fivehundred-word statement and application on the "Waters of Sebus;"and for the second and thirdbest stories, each a oneyear's subscription.

LaVern Wilkinson, Third ward M Men class, North Weber stake, won first place; Perry D. Whittle, Fairview, Franklin stake, Idaho, won second

place; and Hans Schotel, Rotterdam, Netherlands conference, third place.

The writers will please let the editor know to what address to send the Era, and the magazine will be forwarded promptly.

The response was not as gene.ral as we anticipated; therefore, we make

another offer to the M Men throughout the Church, with a further view to encourage the reading of the Book of Mormon:

For the best fivehundred-word story and application, connected with the "Waters of Mormon,"(p. 168-8. 18318, 205-3) written by an M

Man, a twoyears'subscription to the Era will be given; and for the second

and thirdbest stories, a oneyear's subscription, each. The writings must

be sent to the editors by the first day of March, 1927. Each paper must

give the name and address of the writer, and the ward M Man class of which he is a member. You are invited to write, and we should have a thousand

papers by March 1, 1927. Editors.]

WATERS OF SEBUS By LaVern Wilkinson, Third Ward M Men Class,.North Weber

Ammon, one of the sons of Mosiah who rejected the right to the kingly office to become preachers of righteousness, was journeying at one time as a missionary among his brethren, the Lamanites, in the land of Nephi. The Lamanites were "wild and a hardened and a

ferocious people."They murdered the Nephites to rob and plunder,

deeming it right to gain riches in this way rather than by righteous labor.

Soon after entering the land of Ishmael, Ammon was taken bound before Lamoni, king of the Lamanites. The king was to decide

whether Ammon should live or die. Ammon gained favor with the

king and was allowed to live and become his servant. He was sent

to guard the flocks of the king, as they grazed near, and were watered at, the "Waters of Sebus."

On the third day of his service, certain of the Lamanites scattered his flocks, insomuch that the shepherds were hard pressed to gather them. The gathering was accomplished under the leadership of Ammon, and they returned again to Sebus. As they approached, Ammon

went forth to meet the enemy. With Godgiven power, singlehanded,

he defeated them. Having smitten off the arms of many and slain a

few with his slingshot, he caused the remainder to flee. A report was

carried to the king, who was pleased with the great service Ammon had

READING THE BOOK OF MORMON 347

rendered in the protection of his flocks. He recognized the power of

Ammon and gave him permission to preach throughout the land.

This instance of God blessing man with miraculous power is the result of man's obedience to God. In this chapter we are told of three

laws that Ammon obeyed to gain such great favor with God:

First: In the second verse of the seventeenth chapter of Alma we

read of Mosiah's sons: "For they were men of sound understanding,

and they had searched the scriptures diligently, that they might know the word of God."Thus we see that man must first prepare by diligent

study for the work of the Lord.

Second: We are told in the third verse, "They had given themselves to much prayer, and fasting; therefore, they had the spirit of

prophecy, and the spirit of revelation, and when they taught, theytaught with the power and authority of God."Also, because of prayer,

Ammon was given power to overthrow his enemies. Thus to knowledge gained, we add the power of God, by prayer and fasting.

Third: We find Ammon and his brethren had the desire of

service. This is shown in the fourth verse, which relates that they had

been teaching the word of God to the Lamanites for the space of fourteen years, causing many to turn from their sins, and come to a knowledge of the truth.

Ammon possessed the knowledge of God, gained by preparation;

the Spirit and power of God, through prayer and fasting; and the

desire to use these in the service of God and his fellowmen. He was

thus enabled to gain favor with the king and to open his entire domain to the teaching of the word of God for the salvation of souls.

By preparation, by prayer, by fasting, and through a desire to serve, we may, like Ammon and his brothers, be a power for good among our fellowmen.

Ogden, Utah

That Boy of Ours

If we could have our wish, could know, and feel,

That boy of ours is clean, and pure, and strong;

If we could be assured that he is safe,

Then in our hearts there'd always be a song.

If we could know that he is brave, and true,

Fighting with the side of truth and right,

If we could feel that he is JUST A MAN,

Then would our hearts be thrilled, with true delight,

If we could know that he is going straight,

That as a boy, and man, he'll win the game

Of life, that each of us must play.

Our hearts would then rejoice to hear his name.

Moab, Utah F. M. SHAFER

AN INTERNATIONALSCIENCE CONGRESS

How the World can be made a Paradise for its

Inhabitants By Dr. Franklin S. Harris, President of Brigham Young

University Time was when it was thought that the only way a person or nation could rise was by the fall of some other individual or group a sort of "oneman's-pleasureis-anotherman's-pain"idea.

This idea is rapidly being cast into the waste heap. We are

coming to realize that two men may make a trade without one of them being cheated; they may both be benefited by the exchange.

Likewise the fall of one nation may not benefit others; in fact, bad

conditions in one country are sure to cause adverse situations in other countries as well. For example, an outbreak of a serious contagious

disease in Canada or Mexico cannot but be a menace to the people of the United States.

With the development of modern science, it is becoming clear that the truth should be the sole possession of no individual or group;

it should be available to all men as soon as it is discovered. In

line with this idea we have many international organizations whose purpose is to foster the interchange of knowledge so that the discoveries of any scientist living in any country may be available to all of the people of the entire world.

If a Japanese scientist should discover the methods of treating some disease, such as leprosy, he would not be doing his duty as a scientist if he kept his knowledge to himself and treated only the few lepers in his vicinity. The modern point of view calls on him to

make known to all men his findings so that all lepers everywhere may be helped by his treatment.

I have just attended one of these international gatherings which was held in Japan. It was the third PanPacific Science Congress.

Its purpose was to consider particularly the problems of countries bordering the Pacific ocean. It is a well known fact that most of the

more advanced countries, scientifically, are situated around the north

Atlantic ocean, and as a result most attention is given to the scientific problems of this area. This means that some of the problems of other

sections are likely to be neglected. For example, this Atlantic area is

all in the humid part of the world; whereas, more than half of the

total land area of the world comes in zones of low rainfall.

These Pacific Science Congresses are held every three years. The

first session met in Hawaii, the second in Australia, and this last one in Japan. In each case the country in which the congress is

held acts as host and pays the expenses.

A limited number of scientists are invited from each participating country, through its National Research Council. These are selected

AN INTERNATIONAL SCIENCE CONGRESS 349

Photo by F. S. Harris

ONE OF JAPAN'S BEAUTY SPOTS, MIYAJIMA

with a view of having authorities covering the major scientific problems of the Pacific area. My own invitation came because of my

knowledge of the agriculture of arid sections.

The United States led in number of overseas delegates, with thirtyfive members; next came Australia with twentytwo, the Netherlands, East Indies, New Zealand, Hawaii, Philippines!, China,

Russia, Malay States, Great Britain, France, Canada, and a few other countries. Japan had practically all of her scientific workers on

hand to receiye the benefits of the discussions.

The more formal part of the congress covered two weeks, but there were many excursions both before and after the meetings to points of scientific interest, so that more than a month was covered altogether.

The congress was divided into many sections according to subject matter and papers on similar subjects were grouped together. From

the program I take the following sections: Biological Sciences,

(General), Physical Sciences, (General), Agriculture, Geography,

Architecture (for earthquake proof construction), Astronomy, Botany, Hygiene and Medicine, Seismology, Geology, Zoology and Fishery, Anthropology and Ethnology, and Radio Waves.

and volcurrents and life—earthquakes, The Pacific ocean—its

canoes, came in for much discussion since these are very live questions in Japan.

Chairmen were elected for the various sections. I had the

honor of being elected chairman of the section of Agriculture. All the

proceedings were carried on in English. The only variation from

this was when the Japanese princes spoke in Japanese and some of the French delegates!spoke part of the time in French. They are

not entirely willing to have English take the place of the international language which was held so long by the French.

350 IMPROVEMENT ERA

One could not go through this congress without being impressed by the oneness of mankind and by the similarity of the problems of all lands. One is overwhelmed at the perfectly marvelous advances

which are being made in the various branches of science. Conditions which formerly held down mankind are now being eliminated and

the world is become a much more desirable place in which to live than it has ever been during the history of man.

I was surprised to see how thoroughly united are the scientists of all countries. Truly science knows no bounds, such as color of

mm S*sB

'IS

Photo by F. S. Harris

SCIENTISTS IN BOTANICAL GARDENS. SAPPORO, JAPAN

skin, or geographical boundary. It is for all men, regardless of race,

religion, political affiliation, wealth, or previous condition of servitude; its benefits are worldwide and it will gradually help to melt

away national hatreds and contention arising from differences of religious and political beliefs.

Science aims at the discovery of the truth, and its methods are the best way that man has devised to separate truth from error. Of

course, many mistakes are made by workers in science, but by the use of rigorous scientific methods these will gradually be discovered and corrected.

Japan demonstrated herself to be the best of hosts. She is a

little more ceremonious than we Americans are used to, but if this goes with real politeness it is doubtless a good thing. The country

was at its best, and that is saying a good deal. I had an opportunity

to see nearly all parts of it and I was charmed by its beauty and impressed by the order which I found everywhere.

AN INTERNATIONAL SCIENCE CONGRESS 351

I came from this congress more strongly convinced than ever

1that when nations cease their useless contentions, when individuals are willing to put in the background a part of. their selfishness, when

all will work together for the good of all, and when that part of the energy of people which is now spent in contention is diverted to the discovery of truth in a scientific manner, the world can be made a veritable paradise for its inhabitants.

On U. S. S. President Van Buren, between Manila and Singapore, November 2 7, 1926

Throughout All Eternity (Dedicated to my Sons and Daughters)

I stood at the marriage altar,

Two heads were in silence bowed

With terror my heartbeats falter

In dread of the priest's black shroud.

His ritual, so -deep and smothered,

Struck me like an arrow's dart;

"Do you two now take each other

E'en until death shall you part?"

"And do you now take this woman?"

Came accents so cold and terse, "And you, too, this man, in common,

For better or for worse?

To honor, to love, and cherish,

Through all of life's joys and pains?

The tie that binds you to perish

When your life no more remains?"

"I do,"thus replied the woman.

"I do,"so replied the man.

"Then take thou this ring as omen

Of faith throughout life's short span other. each to bind band just A life—short for this only Though

And now, as a Priest and Brother,

I pronounce you man and wife."

The spirit within me trembles,

I lift up mine eyes above, How can these earthly made symbols

Curtail thus a heavenmade love?

And why in the Realms Supernal

Cannot these two souls still live,

United for aye, eternal, Through Him who has power to give?

The veil of deep darkness opens,

The mists now fall from mine eyes,

A voice from the heavens hath spoken

And edict from out the skies;

The clouds up above me sever;

In Realms far beyond I see:

"I NOW SEAL YOU TWO FOREVER, THROUGHOUT ALL ETERNITY."

C. C. Bush WESTERNERS IN ACTION

, By Harrison R. Merrill

One would naturally suppose that snowballs and peaches would not grow well in the same orchard; that flower contests and dog races

could not be held in the same town, but one would be mistaken. In

Provo the winter fruitage and the winter sports are as interesting and as hotly contested as those of the summer.

"The call of the wild"was heard by nearly forty boys this winter when Dell Webb, city recreational director, issued a notice that the annual dog races would be held during the last week of December.

For months silent lads had been running behind their sleds and wagons training for just such an occasion, but they were as closemouthed about it as Esquimaux Kent. or—Tud

Twentytwo boys entered dogs in the dog derby, and ten others were on hand ready for the races when the old town clock indicated the time for the starting of the first race. The recreational director was

prepared for a lastminute jam and, therefore, allowed all who had a dog and a sled to enter.,

The judges measured off the distance and the races began. Although a few dog fights ensued when the thirtytwo dogs began to

scrap acquaintance with one another, the order was much better than it was a few years ago when Mr. Webb introduced the races. At that

time an onlooker couldn't be sure whether the occasion was a dog race, a dog fight, or merely dog meat.

I have seen dogs run with sleighs who seemed to think it a terrible bore, to say the least, if not a great imposition. I was greatly surprised

and pleased this year, therefore, when the dogs took to the races with most cases. There were aas much gusto as the drivers themselves'—in

few canines, of course, who revealed their dog natures at every angle.

I met one lad with a finelooking, upstanding dog.

"Why isn't he in the race?"I asked.

"He won't pull,"the boy replied, disgustedly. "He's big enough

and fast enough to win, but he just won't go."

I felt sorry for the kiddie as well as for the dog. Somehow I felt

that the team hadn't got together.

The Grand Slam, an original name given to an original race by the

Recreational Director, was the biggest of the events. Practically every

boy entered this race. It was to be the longest of the day, and was to

be wide open. There were no rules except that the boy and the sled

and the dog had to cover the distance. It didn't matter whether the

dog pulled the boy or whether the boy pulled the dog. Before seeing

the race, I thought that perhaps the winner would actually pull his dog, but when I saw those canines get out and "dust,"I discovered that no fellow could win that way.

WESTERNERS IN ACTION 353

One boy had that race practically won, but seemed to be unaware that he could help his steed over the line. His dog made a beautiful

run up and back, but just before he crossed the tape, which was in the center of a crowd which lined both sides of the race track, Mr. Dog sat

down on his haunches and refused to budge, until after Blaine Farley and his white dog shot by and over the line in time to win the race.

It was a great'day for the boys, a great day for the dogs, and a

Top: Some of the entrants. Blaine and his dog are fourth from the left.

Bottom: Winners receiving prizes.

great day for Provo city. As I saw the youths surrounding the

Director, eager to secure their prizes, I thought what a capital idea the

Snowball Derby really is. Due to the liberality of Provo merchants

and to the industry of Mr. Webb, they all got prizes. I think 1

could recommend it as an opportunity for any community that has more than one boy and one dog.

Provo, Utah BY WAY OF COMPENSATION By John Q. Adams

The irregular tread of a thousand feet brought consternation to the denizens of the desert, as the cavalcade crept wearily along. Five

hundred sternvisaged, silent marchers had set their pace, and the children of Nature stepped quickly aside to let them pass. Countless

lizards stampeded this way and that; while a gaunt coyote, poised in

surveillance, betimes shrilled out a nerveracking monologue.

It was late afternoon, the hour of dead calm. The contact of

foot, hoof and wheel with the sand and alkali made a cloud of vapory, choking dust. At intervals, patches of dwarf cactus or challenging

sentries of the gigantic species succeeded easily in deflecting the line of march, for bare, bleeding flesh is no match for the merciless spine of the prickly pear. The coaxing "git up"bf the teamsters at the rear

gave way eventually to the more effective whang of the fourlash rawhide.

As the sun came in contact with the horizon, the blast of a bugle, clear, sudden, resonant, shattered the dread silence into quavering vibrations, and instantly each animate unit of the company came to a standstill. The spot was selected simply because of the fact that the

approaching twilight rendered [a halt imperative, not that it had any special features distinguishing it as a good camping place.

Instead of the naturally expected move for immediate rest, numbers of these weatherbeaten soldiers set busily to excavating in several places with pick and shovel, as if their very lives depended upon the rapidity with which the holes were made. And such, indeed, was

the case. They had gone for days without trace of water on the

surface; and, as each evening came, it was either dig or remain thirsty.

Night soon reigned supreme; stars of varying brilliancy danced

and quivered; while the moon, mounting higher and higher toward the

zenith of her throne, piloted her way among her stellar offspring. On

all sides the peculiar night noises of the desert, subdued yet impressive, mingled low and indistinct in a soothing medley.

Through it all Jethro Williams lay, his quiet, deep musing in strict accord with the surrounding restfulness of nature; and yet, as if

for the purpose of mere emphasis or contrast, his thought grew exceedingly tumultuous at times, as the gnawing pangs of an unappeased hunger prodded him to wakefulness. The usual, simple expedient of a

belt taken up, hole by hole, as hunger made its inroad, failed utterly now to replace something substantial.

With the approach of midnight, unable longer to endure it in silence, he quietly left his blankets, stepped over and between forms more restful than himself, and soon reached the solitary sentry, who stood leaning upon his musket for friendly support., Making his

identity known by the necessary password, he left the confines of the

BY WAY OF COMPENSATION 355

camp and soon found himself far beyond the last wagon. His somewhat aimless strides reminded him harshly of the fact that his bare

feet, coming in contact with unnoticed cactus, were lacerated and swollen, and to proceed farther was an impossibility. He sank to the

ground with added pain, his mind a whirl of conflicting emotions; and

a new some sudden transformation, things becamethen—thought—by

different.

The light had broken through his mental lethargy and misconception, as the sun's unconquered rays break suddenly through the sullen cloudbanks; and Jethro was soon engaged in fervent, simple

prayer. The Infinite always responds to man's earnest appeal; and,

just as manna and quail and buffalo had often appeared before the eyes of Faith, so this man gazed with surprised delight upon a large hare not ten paces away. A quickly sent pistol ball found its mark in

the equally surprised, longeared visitor, and hope passed from a dying ember to the glow of entire field of endeavor was reality—Jethro's

lighted up.

His first impulse was to appease his hunger then and there, but, restraining himself, he returned to camp. As he brushed past a covered wagon dignified by the word "Hospital,"a harrowing groan of

agony, mingled with execrations, informed him of the condition of the sole patient. Another half dozen steps would have taken him beyond

the sound of the occupant's wail, but a piercing cry rang in his ears, "Food, food, only a bite!"

Now was fought the battle in which hosts of mortals are vanquished each hour of every passing fight of self. To lay day—the

down one's life willingly amid the glamour and stress of battle is not unusual; but in the isolation and secrecy of the quell the heart—to

rebellion of every force within, and repel invasion from every quarter without, and all in calm, cold premeditation, devoid of the stimulus of attack, wherein men lose their identity in the frenzied heat of charges and is the real battleground of life! countercharges—there

Jethro Williams was now in the thick of that fight. Was he not

on the verge of collapse himself, through scanty fare and almost superhuman exertion? Had he not endeavored with his whole mental power,

the last few days, to inveigle his unwary sense into the forlorn belief that the strips of rawhide which had formed the entire basis of the thin, tasteless fluid called "soup"were really strips of juicy, palatable beef or mutton? And now that he had been for,tunate above his

companions in securing so invaluable a trophy as that dangling from his hand, why should he deny himself this sustenance that seemed so necessary in preventing the grim specter, Death, from knocking at his own door? And he recalled also that this particular man, more than all

others in the company, for some mysterious, indefinable reason, had appeared to him the very antithesis of all that goes to make men in any way companionable. Never a word had passed between them; never

had either acted hostile or otherwise toward the other; and yet Jethro,

from the moment they left the banks of the Missouri, had entertained 356 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a growing feeling that somehow, somewhere, they two would find themselves in an unusual not a congenial one either. relationship—and

He stood in the dark, hesitating; and then, with a determination

born of the faith by which he had become possessed of the priceless treasure, and as one in a dream, he raised the canvas on the darker side of the wagon, and deftly swung the limp bundle of fur and flesh into the bunk of the delirious occupant; and silently stole to his own

tattered blankets.

California in '49! What romance, adventure, accomplishments

and varied experiences weave themselves with fascination around this simple phrase. On a rough bunk of slabs covered with dried grass, in

one of the dirtroofed cabins that made up San Francisco in that magic year, lay Jethro Williams, weak and emaciated, his haggard features hid behind a shaggy beard. He had come to San Francisco

from Southern California after his discharge from the army, and had joined in the activities of the great game of day—the chance—and,

apparently, had lost.

A gaunt, rawboned, bewhiskered individual sat on a small stool beside the bunk, his legs crossed, in deep, silent meditation. Quietness reigned, not even the ticking of a clock obtruding itself. With

an introductory cough, the man shifted his position to a more comfortable attitude, and began speaking in deep, measured tones.

"Well, pari, I reckon you are wondering what is coming next. I

came in with the doctor for a was easier that way; and purpose—it

now that he's gone I must give a reason for coming; and for staying,

too, I suppose. I'm somewhat mixed in my thoughts and don't know

just where to begin, but I have a 'score to settle with you, and you are expected to lie still, too, without a word."

The younger man turned a wondering gaze towards the speaker, but with no opportunity of reading there the thoughts of his unexpected visitor. B'ehind so grim and invulnerable a breastwork might be

safely intrenched, without detection, either danger or favor. So he

interposed no word, as the speaker continued with the object of his visit. '"Just fifteen years ago I moved into old Missouri with my wife and happy man. The year we arrived there fever took the baby—a

mother, and I was left with little, twoyear-old Lexie, the only thing in the whole world for which to live. The child and I made a pretty

fair trial at enjoying life until she entered her 'teens; and I began to

fear the day that someone might take her from me. Of course, such a

thought had never occurred to her. We had a large clearing there in

the wilderness, and at harvest time several men were needed to help us.

"One day two preachers came to our cabin and asked for a meal.

I told them to line up with the crew, provided they tell what their business was in that neck o'the woods. They said their business there

was to tell us something of vital importance, and that our asking them about it made their duty easier; but said they would rather wait

BY WAY OF COMPENSATION 357

until after we had eaten, and then explain it while we were resting in the shade; and they said that for the bread I gave them they would

give us the 'bread of life.''Certainly, sir,'I replied, 'every person

to his likin', but I can't get the meanin'of the bread o'life from you two.'"My little girl had prepared the dinner, and had gone to lie down in the room we had arranged in the attic, as she was suffering with a headache. The passing of victuals had only commenced when a

quarrel arose between two of the hands sitting at opposite sides of the table. This was not their first altercation, as a smothered animosity had

rankled in their bosoms for a long time, but now all reserve was cast aside; and before we realized what was happening, a puff of smoke

filled the room, and one of the men lay dead. The men grabbed the

other fellow, to prevent him from shooting anybody else. 'Hold on

there, fellows;'he yelled, 'before God, I swear I didn't pull a trigger.

The preacher there was the man with the shootin'irons. Didn't you

see the gun in his hands?'All eyes were turned toward the accused, as

he replied, 'Yes, I did have a gun in my hand, but it was while struggling to wrest it from your murderous grasp! Search me, if you desire;

you'll find that my only weapon is my Bible.'One of the men put

his hand into the preacher's pocket, and instead of a Bible he pulled out a smoking pistol. 'A pretty looking Bible;'I exclaimed, 'one

that will either convert or kill, I reckon.

"Well, I suppose old Jake got what he deserved all right, but it was murder just the same, and it looked like the preacher had done the shooting. There was nothing else to do but turn him over to the

sheriff; so we left one of the men to guard the preachers, while the remainder of us scattered to get the sheriff, the coroner and others. I was

the first one back, and I found the guard bound and the prisoners gone.

"That wouldn't have been so bad if things had gone only that far, I can't stand it; I can't stand to see that sight again!"but—oh!

The narrator paused, turned in his seat and drew a sleeve across his shaggy brow. For some moments he gazed into space, entirely

oblivious, apparently, to his surroundings. Making a mighty effort

to control himself, he proceeded in a husky, broken voice.

"I called Lexie, but no answer came, and jumping up the ladder into the attic I saw a sight that, night or day, has never been erased from my mind. Lexie lay dead, shot by the second bullet that ranged

up while the tussle for the gun was going on.

"I swore vengeance on the preacher, for I felt sure that the vermin with the gun in his pocket had done the deed; of course, perhaps

without meaning to, but what's the difference when the end is the same? Without waiting a day after the girl was buried, I followed

the preacher, and in the course of time learned that he was a 'Mormon'from over the country; so I made my way to the place on the Missouri

where his people were bunched like sheep. After a time, by keeping

somewhat under cover, I learned that the man I was after had just died, leaving a widow and an only son. The government at that time.

358 IMPROVEMENT ERA

only three years ago, though it seems a lifetime to me, was fighting

Mexico, and called on the 'Mormons'for five hundred young men to go to the front. The boy had joined the company, and, though I felt

in every part of my body that I must kill the son of my girl's murderer,

I planned to do it some other on some future the day—always day—for

proper time, when I could torture him with the story of his father's deed and then wipe out the account, had not presented itself when the

1 ready to leave. So I also joined, as a company of five hundred was

teamster in the supply train, and we started west. My, how I gloated

over my revenge, and how hellish were my plans!

"Well, we marched and marched for months, and my one big chance hadn't come when we struck starvation and the like, half way or more on the desert, and then I became terribly sick.

"One night, my doctor said, when I lay cussing and raving, having had nothing to eat but leather soup for days, the wagon coverwas lifted, and—

A sharp, piercing cry came from the sick man, as he bolted upright in his bunk, with hands pressed to his head, and staring at the narrator with eyes fixed in horror and fright.

"And that was you?"cried Jethro, all his premonitions of evil

1 concerning this man coming back like a flash. "It's all a lie!"he

shouted. "Have you been driving your horrible story into my heart,

knowing you had me at bay, intending that I should be the means of settling the account you claim? It isn't true, I, He sank back I—."

exhausted. "Well, as I was going to say,"continued the narrator, now by far the calmer of the two, "a big, fine rabbit came sailing into the wagon. The fellow who did it thought he was mighty cunning, but

enough of the candle light fell upon his* face to let the doctor see who he was; and, of course, you know the rest.

"Now, pal, you and I traveled from the Missouri in that company, and more than once I could see that you looked on me as a peculiar fellow; and why shouldn't you, for you were sure enough

marked for the sacrifice. If ever a thunder clap came from a clear sky,

it was that act of yours that night; and I could never again bring

myself to think along the line that had so constantly occupied my mind and heart.

"So we brought up, or part of us did, at San Diego, and I met a man there, on his dying bed, who told me something of great importance both to you and to me. He was the man left to guard the

preachers the day of the shooting, and he surely cleared the accused preacher with his story of coaxing them to escape, because he knew they were innocent. 'You know, I felt sorry for those preachers,'he said,

'because I saw the whole fracas, and they were no more guilty than I was. That fellow slipped the gun into the preacher's pocket as soon

as he fired, and I was the only one, apparently, who saw the trick. I

didn't dare to say anything, because I might have been corpse number two, with no gun to back up my words. So when we were alone I

'BY WAY OF COMPENSATION 359

told them they'd be doing the square thing to get out of there before the others returned, because it didn't make any difference if they were, innocent, old Bill and his bunch would fix them just the same, as that was exactly the kind of law under which they were living there at that time. I told them that I would be able sometime to clear them, but not

under the circumstances then existing. I finally persuaded them to tie

me up and go. They got into the canoe at the edge of the river and

dropped down stream, and I have never seen them since.'

Rising to his feet, the relentless pursuer drew a small sack from his pocket. "Only a few words more, pal,"he said. "You see, I've beeji

chasing you for nothing. You're on your back now and have had

bad luck since coming here. I've done better. Back in the mountains

where your people were headed three years ago, you have a mother. I

1 that your people have arrived and settled there. As know from reports

a small offering to balance our account, here is a little yellow dust to help you on your trip back there."

Ignoring the attempted apologies and profuse thanks of the sick man, the grimvisaged westerner dropped the small wallet on the bunk, took Jethro's hand, gazed for a moment into his face, and in silent emotion strode from the room.

Centerville, Utah.

My 3pan of Years God gave to me my span of years,

A journey fraught with smiles and tears,

That I might learn to take his hand

And reach, by faith, a fairer land,

That I might strive to do his will,

A worthy mission to fulfil.

God gave to me my little span That I might do the good I can,

To cheer my fellows on Life's road,

Who toil beneath their heavy load,

To share their burdens, smooth their way

By kindly words and deeds each day,

He bids me smile despite the rain,

And sing with joy Life's glad refrain.

God gave to me a few brief years,

A pathway fraught with doubts and fears,

Of sun and shadows, winds that blow,

That through my trials I might grow

In grace and wisdom, as eacb day

I journey on my toilsome way.

Rexburg, Idaho. SARAH A. NELSON.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS Prospects in the Netherlands Encouraging

The fifth semiannual conference held at Utrecht, Netherlands, November 2628, was very successful. The elders had a meeting on Thursday,

November 25, and enjoyed their Thanksgiving feasts, both temporal and spiritual. The following days the public meetings were of note because

of the large number of nonmembers who attended. Members, officers and

teachers, as well as missionaries, enjoyed the meetings very much. Several

have been baptized, and the prospects are Cordon Rose, encouraging.—W.

conference president.

ELDERS OF UTRECHT CONFERENCE

Back row, left to right: Francis H. GunnelL J. B. Bernards, S. B. Woolley, L. L.

Bishop, Fred W. Newbold, R. Dale Snow, J. Herbert Milburn. W. M. Chipman.

Front row: Reed M. Black, J. H. Dijkstra, Mission President John P. Lilly white.

Conference President W. Gordon Rose, Ray J. Hutchinson, Dan Simmons.

Latterday Saints in South America

From Elder Waldo I. Stoddard, of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints in the South American mission, Buenos Aires, Argentina, Rivadavia 896870-72, we have received these interesting pictures, recently taken,

of their two Sunday schools. Considering the recent organization of the

mission, we are ready to state that they have a splendid start for a community of Latterday Saints that will be felt for good, as time rolls on, in all that land. Elder Stoddard remarks that he has enjoyed the mission news

of the Improvement Era (torn time to time, and modestly asks that the

South American mission for the first time be also represented. We doubt that

any mission can report a better showing, when the length of time since its organization is considered. From the looks of the youngsters, one would

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 361

think that there is splendid material in Buenos Aires for an M. I. A. organization. Here's wishing that you may join us.

MEMBERS OF THE L. D. S. CHURCH IN SOUTH AMERICA

Six Baptisms in Gothenburg, Sweden

In October, six new members were baptized into the Church in this conference of the Swedish mission, makiflg a total of nine so far this year in the conference. The members in the branch are faithful and a source of help

to us in proclaiming the gospel. We find a large percentage of the people

are inclined to treat religion with indifference and consider it a minor issue in life. We meet up also with many who are, as they call it, saved;

but, in conversing with them, we find them quite ignorant of the principles of the gospel, with a lack of a knowledge of the real meaning of the scriptures and their message to the children of men. Through the inspiration of the Lord, we have been able to enlighten some who were in the

dark concerning the new revelation of the gospel in the latter days. The

elders laboring in this branch are: Emil G. Thedell, Park City, Utah;

David H. Larson, Long Beach, California; Franklin S. Forsberg, 'Salt Lake

City; M. Foss Smith, Snowflake, Arizona; and Erich W. Larson, conference

president, Ogden, Utah.

362 IMPROVEMENT ERA Elder David O. McKay in Virginia

On November 20 and 21, Elder David O. McKay, of the Council of

the Twelve, and President Charles A. Callis, of the Southern States mission,

began the fall gatherings of that mission by holding a conference with the elders and Saints of Virginia, at Richmond. The attendance was good, all

parts of the state being well represented. Valuable instructions and counsel

were given by Elder McKay and President Callis. The past year has been a

notable one. in this conference, new records having been made in baptisms and

other lines of missionary activities. We are ever striving to become more

efficient in our work, through humility and greater endeavor. We feel the

old spirit of prejudice towards the gospel broken down. A greater desire

on the part of the Saints to live the gospel is also noticeable. The Era is

a great help to us. Arthur Peterson, president Virginia conference, Richmond, Virginia.

ELDERS OF VIRGINIA CONFERENCE, SOUTHERN STATES MISSION

Front row, left to right: J. E. Eldredge, Woods Cross, Utah; A. L. Mortenson.

Webb, Arizona; Charles A. Callis; David O. McKay; Arthur Peterson, conference

president, Pocatello, Idaho; Philo V. Carter, Manassa, Colorado; A. H. Talbot,

Panguitch, Utah. Second row: M. P. Christensen, Tremonton, Utah; T. H.

Merrill, Salt Lake City; F. R. Epperson, Panaca, Nevada; O. Perkes, Hyde Park,

Utah; K. E. Rosenlof, St. Anthony, Idaho; L. J. Foote, Gunnison, Utah. Third

row: L. Horrocks, Neola; C. L. Karren, Lewiston; G. R. Hurst, Blanding, Utah;

G. W. Fuller, Pine, Arizona. Fourth row: Wm. Behle, Jr., Thatcher, Idaho; J. C.

Spencer, Escalante, Utah; H. A. Faught, Taylor, Arizona; D. M. Shupe, North

Ogden, Utah.

Success in the Rural Districts

We achieved splendid success in 1926, and the elders of the Norwich conference began the new year with the aim and desire to set the standards for 1927 a little higher. During the year 1926 special attention was devoted to

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 363

missionary work in the country and rural districts, and thousands of the more humble folk listened to the message of the restored gospel. Frequently

the elders received money and food to help them on their way. Six new

fields were established, and many new homes are now opened to the elders;

in addition, 115 separate towns and villages were completely canvassed from door to door; 65,000 tracts were distributed, 4,500 pamphlets, with

a noticeable increase in the sales of the Book of Mormon and other books.

Considerable interest is being shown by the people of the city of Peterborough, where eight of our Latterday Saint brethren from Utah and Idaho, including Brother Thomas R. Cutler, who held the position of traveling

engineer for the UtahIdaho Sugar Company, and who is now engaged with Bishop Lewis W. Drake, from Burley, Idaho, and the others, by a

British sugar company in connection with efforts to establish the sugar industry in England. It is with pleasurable anticipation and keen interest

that we look forward to the reception of the Improvement Era each month, and we wish to thank those responsible for it.

ELDERS OF THE NORWICH CONFERENCE, ENGLAND

Sitting, left to right: Andrew E. Stewart, Sugar City, Idaho; Grant M. Broadhead,

Beazer, Alberta, Canada; Leland N. Wight, outgoing conference president, Brigham

City; William G. Bennett, conference clerk, Beazer, Alberta, Canada. Standing:

Morgan Hawkes, Pocatello, Idaho; William J. Attridge, Rigby, Idaho; Clemuel J.

Neville, incoming conference president, Rexburg, Idaho; Raymond Murphy, Salt

Lake City.

Fiftytwo Baptisms in Nine Months in Berlin.

Germany We are meeting with success in the capital city of Germany. During

the first nine months of 1926, fiftytwo baptisms were performed, and the regular services held in the eight branches of the conference were well attended by friends and investigators. In our regularly organized branches

all the priesthood and auxiliary organizations are functioning, with the

Saints, friends and missionaries all working harmoniously together for the 364 IMPROVEMENT ERA

forwarding of the work of the Lord in this foreign land. The Improvement

Era is a great help in our work here. At our late conference a pageant was

presented by the combined Sunday schools of the conference, entitled "Das

Faterunser,"and the work of the combined Berliner choir of a hundred voices, which sang several selections. Eulon Biddulph.

Local Elders Conduct Bordertown Branch, Australia

This branch is two hundred miles from the main Adelaide conference, and is conducted by local elders, Stephen and Arnold Threadgold. They

have a Sunday school organized, and faithpromoting services are held.

Through the exemplary lives of the Saints, many are seeking to know more about the gospel and its fruits. A visit was made to the Bordertown

branch of the South Australia conference by Elders Francis and Nelson, and they found the Saints energetic in explaining the gospel and in the execution of their duties. They were invited to the homes of quite a large number of

earnest seekers after the truth, and many erroneous ideas were supplanted by the messages which they left. The work is advancing with pleasurable

success. We enjoy the faithpromoting articles contained in the Era, and

rejoice in the reports made by the various missions. Richard JR. Francis.

LO-f:rcnce president, Adelaide, South Australia.

MEMBERS OF BORDERTOWN BRANCH, SOUTH AUSTRALIA

Front row, left to right: Harold and Kenneth Threadgold. Middle row: E. Nelson,

Howell, Utah; Arnold Threadgold; Richard R. Francis, Morgan, Utah, president of

South Australia conference; Stephen Threadgold; Marjorie Threadgold. Back row:

Maurice Lee Thomas, Rosa Threadgold, Thos. Virgin, Vera Threadgold, Ellen

Virgin, Theo. Threadgold.

President Talmage Visits Austria

President James E. Talmage of the European mission, visited the

Vienna conference, which embraces all of Austria. He was accompanied by

President and Sister Hyrum W. Valentine of the GermanAustrian mission,

who had recently arrived to take charge of the work. They stopped in

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 3 65

Prague, ChechoSlovakia, enroute, and held a meeting in their hotel rooms with the Saints of that city. A very inspiring missionary meeting was held

the day following their arrival in Vienna, all the missionaries of the conference being present. Conference was held on Sunday, November 28, 1926,

all the sessions of which were indeed spiritual feasts, and were well attended by both members and friends. Due, perhaps, to its distant location, only one

other apostle (1897) ever visited this conference, and the people were thrilled with President Talmage's inspiring message, cheerful spirit, and his ability to speak a few words in their native tongue. President and Sister

Valentine were also well received and readily won the love and confidence of both Saints and missionaries. After a short rest in Vienna, these mission

officials, together with the conference president, visited the Saints in Northern

Austria, and organized a new branch in Salzburg. We are reaping good

results from the visit of President Talmage and President and Sister Valentine;

we have been able to make many new friends, and the work is progressing s:eadily. Eugene F. Pratt.

MISSIONARIES OF THE VIENNA CONFERENCE, AUSTRIA

Sitting, left to right: Ralph W. Ford, Centcrville, Utah, branch president at Linz;

Hyrum W. Valentine, president GermanAustrian mission; Ellen B. Valentine, president mission Relief Societies; Demoivre R. Skidmore, Brigham City, Utah, president Vienna conference; James E. Talmage, president European mission. Standing:

Clark T. Robinson, Beaver, Utah; Eugene F. Pratt, Arco, Idaho; Clarence A.

Kirkham, Provo. Utah, president Vienna branch; Thomas Biesinger, Salt Lake City,

82 years old, 4th mission; Harold G. Hancock, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Inspiring Conference in Hannover

The Hannover district of the SwissGerman mission held a conference on the 14th and 15 th of November. President James E. Talmage,

of Liverpool; President Fred Tadje of the GermanAustrian mission, recently

released, accompanied by his successor, President Hyrum W. Valentine, were

present; also our own president, Hugh J. Cannon, with several conference

presidents. This was considered the most inspiring conference that had ever

gone on record in the district of Hannover. The Sunday meeting of the

366 IMPROVEMENT ERA

conference had an attendance of 272 in the afternoon and 375 in the evening. An outstanding feature of the meetings was a splendid pageant depicting "The Ideal 'Mormon'Home,"presented by the Hannover Sunday

school. The combined choirs of Hannover assisted. President Talmage

spoke on the difference between "homes"and "houses."At the afternoon

meeting the presidents bore strong and inspiring testimonies of the gospel and of the divinity of "Mormonism."Special sessions were held for the

missionaries, who received valuable instructions from President Talmage and the visiting presidents. A Relief Society festival was enjoyed in Brunswick, following the conference, and all the missionaries gathered at Hannover

to celebrate Thanksgiving in really American style. A good, hard game of

football was fought between two divisions of the missionaries, after which a savory banquet was given in our local hall to thirtytwo missionaries.

Sixtyone baptisms have been performed within the last year, and at the close of conference nine others were baptized at Hannover. Norman C.

Pierce.

The Canadian Mission The year 1926 was a very successful year in missionary activities.

During the summer a great deal of country work was done, and many people who had not heard the gospel received the message. Our prospects for the

New Year are better than ever before. Our missionary force has been small,

but we are receiving many new missionaries, and hope, through visits and meetings, to reap a rich harvest before the winter is Orchard, over.—Oris

mission secretary.

MISSIONARIES OF THE NOVA SCOTIA CONFERENCE

Front row, left to right: A. Frelen Dahl, Raymond, Alberta, Canada, conference

president; Joseph Quinney, Jr., Logan, Utah, mission president; Henry Rasmussen,

Fairview, Utah, conference president, released. Back row: J. Willard Matthews,

Panaca, Arizona; Leslie T. Maw, Ogden, Utah.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 367

Twentythree Baptisms in Texas On November 5 the missionaries of the South and West Texas conferences met at Houston. Elder George F. Richards, of the Council of the

Twelve, and Mission President S. O. Bennion were in attendance, and at the

evening meeting spoke to a large audience, some of whom had traveled from distant sections of the state, making a special effort to be present. Many of

the investigators present were greatly impressed with President Richard's remarks. President Vance of the West Texas conference reported fifteen

baptisms; and South Texas, eight, in the past three months. John C.

Sandberg, South Texas.

MISSIONARIES OF SOUTH AND WEST TEXAS CONFERENCES

Front row, left to right: D. C. Dana, Mexican mission; N. A. Durst, local;

John C. Sandberg, president South Texas conference; S. O. Bennion, mission president; Geo. F. Richards, of the Council of the Twelve; Reed Vance, president West

Texas conference; A. W. Steiner. Second row: L. F. Livingston; L. J. Bjorklund,

O. W. Call, Mexican mission; Eugenia Vawdrey; Harriet Larkin; Norma Smith;

Geo. V. Stewart; L. A. Larson; G. H. Williams. Back row: D. A. Alder,

D. O. Bigelow, M. T. Marsh, L. Jensen, R. V. Liljenquist, D. S. Hymas..

Local People Help the Work Along

George H. Blunck, conference secretary, Zurich, Switzerland, furnishes

an account of a Sunday School convention held there on the 3rd of October, at which time the superintendents of different branches of three conferences of Switzerland met with the superintendents of the Swiss Sunday schools and the missionaries and Mission President Hugh J. Cannon. It was the first

meeting of its kind ever held in the mission and proved very successful. We

were especially pleased to see the local people take such an interest in helping the work along. We have exceptionally good success in using the local people

in our organizations, giving the missionaries more time to work with those who have not heard the gospel. The Zurich conference is presided over

by a local man, as also are all of the branches except one. All these officers

368 IMPROVEMENT ERA

are punctual and up in the work and willing to do whatever may be required of them. Zurich is our largest branch, with about 225 members. We have

baptized, so far this year, fifteen persons, a very good record, considering the condition existing in Switzerland at the present. We appreciate the Era

very much in our work; it has surely been a great help to us. George H.

Blunck, conference secretary, Zurich, Switzerland.

ELDERS, S. S. SUPERINTENDENTS. AND PRIESTHOOD CLASS,

ZURICH BRANCH MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 369.******. i Top: Back row, left to right: Blaine Bachman, president Bern conference.

George H. Blunck, secretary Zurich conference; L. D. Zollinger, Bern, released;

Elder Chamberlain, Bern; J. W. Stucki, Zurich. Second row: Waldo R. Frandsen,

St. Gallen; Earl J. Rhees, Luzern; Clinton M. Dinwoodey, mission secretary, Basel.

Third row: A. A. Hoffman, Zurich; Walter Trauffer, Zurich; J. Hamilton

Caldar, mission bookkeeper, Basel; Elder Sohn, editor Stern, Basel; Elder Kohler,

Bern; Dean W. Tucker, Zurich. Front row: Don P. Nebeker, St. Gallen, branch

president; Walter Ruf, Luzern; K. Ed. Holman, president Zurich conference;

Hugh J. Cannon, mission president; Elder Rinderknecht, Cologne, released; Elder

Weidmann, Bern; Lamont E. Tueller, president Bern branch.

Center: The Sunday School superintendents who came together at the convention.

Bottom: The Priesthood class of the Zurich Branch.

Elder George F. Richards in Oklahoma

At the regular quarterly conference held at Tulsa, Oklahoma, Central

States mission, Elder George F. Richards, of the Council of the Twelve, met

with the elders, giving them substantial counsel and very valuable sermons.

In the past three months we gained considerably over the previous three months. Nine elders sold 107 Books of Mormon, 894 other books, held

193 meetings, and baptized seven persons into the fold of Christ. We

rejoice in the opportunity granted us in being called as ministers of the gospel of truth. We all enjoy the monthly visits of the Era, and find

great comfort in its messages. Daniel K. Brown, president Oklahoma conference, Central States mission.

Two Mutuals in Sheffield Raymond H. Haight, Nether Edge, Sheffield, England, reports that the

traveling elders of that conference celebrated Thanksgiving day with a genuine American dinner, at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Tow, who made

them very welcome. There are four branches of the Church in the conference,

with three fully organized Sunday schools and two organized Mutuals, one

M Men class and one BeeHive class. "The elders are having fair success

and we expect to baptize three before Christmas."

Elders laboring in the Sheffield Conference are: Harold E. Brown, M. B. Langford, Nathaniel E. Parry, Fred L. Finlinson, Raymond H. Haight, conference president; Clinton L. Mills, clerk; J. Deloy Hansen, James S. Chadwick, Eugene

H. Hall., |..

Many Friends Found

President Albert K. Bramwell, Peoria, Illinois, reports the elders

throughout that conference diligently at work, with the result that many friends and investigators have been found, and additional cottage meetings are held in homes during the winter. Through the courtesy of a certain

minister in Bloomington, the elders have permission to preach on Thursday evening at a social mission church, and much good in proclaiming the gospel should result from this opportunity.

The elders of the Northern Illinois conference are: Alton F. Jones. Hooper, Utah;

J. Mylo Wright, Delhi, California; Louis C. Larch, Idaho Falls, Idaho; James R.

Atkinson, Woods Cross, Utah, former conference president; Albert K. Bramwell.

Ogden, Utah, conference president; Gerald Frank, Alberta, Canada; Alma Heinle,

Huntington Park, California; Lyman Call, Woods Cross, Utah; Dewane M. Kelly,

Safford, Arizona: Leonard Peterson, Brigham City, Utah.

OUTSTANDING NEEDS Of the Young Men and Young Women of the Church, and Some Proposed Ways of Meeting These Needs

(Compiled from suggestions volunteered by Stake and Ward M. I. A.

officers, at the June Convention, 1926, edited by a joint committee of the

General Boards; A. L. Beeley, chairman, Mary C. Kimball, and Ephraim

E. Ericksen. It is recommended that the following be considered at the

February meeting of Stake Boards, and that their findings be forwarded to the General Boards.)

I. RELIGIOUS.

A. The Needs.

1 Greater faith in God, and a stronger testimony of the Gospel of

Jesus Christ.

2. More active participation in and responsibility for Church and

community work. Greater regard for the Sabbath day.

3. Greater reverence for our religious leaders and our religious institutions.

B. Proposed ways of meeting these needs.

1. More adequate leadership. Specifically:

a. Adopt the "one job"policy. 'man—one

b. Make use of a larger number of individuals as leaders and use

them in more specialized ways.

c. Select leaders with natural aptitudes for dealing with the young

people. d. Secure leaders who have a testimony of the Gospel, and as far as

possible, possess a genuine spirituality.

e. Prune the organization of its "dead timber"(i. e., amongst the

officers.) f. Encourage M. I. A. leaders to attend sacrament meetings.

g. Formulate a general policy and adopt a specific program for

raising the training standards of M. I. A. recreational workers

by means of

(a) Leadership Institutes, (b) Training Courses, (c) 'Union Meetings, (d) Fall Conventions.

h. Encourage M. I. A. teachers and leaders to attend teachertrain-

ing classes.

i. Stimulate teachers to painstaking, prayerful preparation.

j. Enjoin teachers to avoid all forms of dogmatism. Arguments

for and against a proposition should be analyzed and wherever possible facts and explanations furnished.

k. Encourage leaders to read and apply the instructions contained

in the Journal and the Era.

1. Select and train M. I. A. leaders to provide individualized guidance and companionship to boys and girls. Encourage leaders to

conversation with young people.

2. Adopt more spirituality in the M. I. A. program.

3. Hold up the ideal of the mission as a spiritual objective for all

young people.

OUTSTANDING NEEDS. 371

4. Encourage young people to go to the for martemples—especially

riage. 5. Correlate the work of the M. I. A. with the work of the Priesthood.

6. Cooperate with the Bishopric in providing more interesting sacrament meetings. Feature the testimonies of young men and women on regular and special Fast days. Provide a full, stimulating

program for the Sabbath day.

7. Give young people more opportunities to pray in public.

8. Conduct a campaign to make the standard Church works available

in every Latterday Saint home. Encourage the habit of scripture

reading. 9.. Stimulate the use of appropriate music as a means of inducing

religious attitudes.

10. Make prayer a delightful and an integral part of our worship and

procedure in all group recreational activities. Encourage family

prayer. 1 1. Tell the story of old and new leaders in new ways.

12. Outline a series of renovation projects for our Church buildings

in which M Men and Gleaner Girls can take responsibility.

(e. g. landscape architecture, boys; interior decoration, girls.)

'13. Encourage competitive essay writing on the various aspects of

"Mormonism."

14. Provide opportunity by means of group discussion, play production,

etc., for the study of other peoples, other religions, and other

cultures. 15. Make a survey of all potential M. I. A. young men and young

women in the ward; inventory their talents and aptitudes, and note

their spiritual needs.

. MORAL.

A. The Needs.

1. Greater dependability.

2. Higher standards of morality.

3. Greater modesty, courtesy, and chivalry.

4. Greater sympathy and brotherly love for other persons and other

groups. 5. More definite life objectives and life ideals, and greater persistence

in their pursuit.

6. Greater obedience to the Word of Wisdom.

B. Proposed ways of meeting these needs.

1 Teach the scientific soundness of the Word of Wisdom. Labor

individually with those who are not keeping the Word of Wisdom.

2. Encourage dependability by making dependable persons, and dependable behavior prominent in the association.

3. Study the problems of dress systematically by means o'f:

(a) Essay writing, (b) Lectures, (c) Demonstrations, (d) Dress reviews, etc.

4. Discuss at appropriate times and in appropriate places the spiritual

aspects of such things as courtship, business, politics, etc.

5. Provide a short, practical course in the nature and evolution of

morals. 6. Feature demonstrations of etiquette, etc., in connection with M

Men's and Gleaner Girls'banquets, dances, etc.

7. Carefully select medical and educational experts to give talks about

life and its sacredness.

3 72 IMPROVEMENT ERA

8. Encourage parents to teach their children morality and the laws of

physical growth.

9. Cooperate with the home and the public official in enforcing

antiliquor, and other important laws.

10. Keep the ideals and standards of Scout work and BeeHive work

constantly before all young people.

11. In order to develop "chivalry among young men, outline a series of

to those of Scouting, but of a more mature projects—Similar

sort. 12. Encourage young people to make their own way in life without

depending entirely upon their parents for financial help.

13. Encourage good movies—discourage unwholesome ones.

III. SOCIAL, INTELLECTUAL, AND OTHER NEEDS.

A. The Needs.

1 More companionship between children and parents.

2. Greater harmony in family relationships.

3. A wider range of intellectual and physical interests in the recreational

program. 4. A greater interest in the fine arts.

5. The spiritualization of secular interests.

6. A clearer conception of the vital problems of life.

7. A better understanding of young people by their elders.

B. Proposed ways of meeting these needs.

1 Provide for more participation of parents in the recreational activities of their children.

2. Stimulate greater companionship between parents and children by

means of Fathers and Sons', and Mothers and Daughters'outings.

Encourage home parties and homeevening programs.

3. Organize hosts'and hostesses'committees as a means of supervising

the social activities of young people.

4. Employ intelligent and dignified means of advertising M. I. A.

ideals and work.

5. Provide for a wider range of selfdirected activities after the order

of M Men's and Gleaner Girls'work.

6. Encourage the weekly halfholiday idea, and discourage social functions that continue late Saturday evenings.

7. Multiply the opportunities to get young people before the public.

8. Bring about a closer cooperation between the work of the M Men

and the Gleaner Girls.

9. Provide more competitive activities of all sorts.

10. Stress dramatics and music.

11. Arrange for fine arts programs on regular and special M. I. A.

nights. 12. Make a special effort to expand the traditional notion of recreation

as merely physical activity to include the wider range of intellectual activities outlined in the Recreational Bulletin.

13. Create or make use of a community organization of parents to consider the local needs of boys and girls. (For example, make this

a project for the Advanced Senior Class, and devote one night a month to such discussion.)

Editors (Table

Who is to Blame?

Road houses are increasing unduly throughout the land. In

Salt Lake county it has been found necessary to provide socalled strict regulations for them, especially regarding the attendance of the young people. They are to be excluded after nine o'clock, while the older

people, perhaps their parents, are to be excluded at one o'clock the next morning; at least the outer doors are to be locked at that time.

The vigilant supervisors, officers, directors and sponsors, some of them, perhaps, personally financially interested, are said to "stand ready to enforce existing laws and those to be made later."

It often happens that the youth of today are unjustly accused of a variety of faults by the older generation. It is not always the case

that young people are going so far wrong as some of their immediate ancestors would have us believe. But if they do not, it is not because

there is a lack of opportunities provided for them by their elders.

What children stand in need of today is early religious instruction in the home. Parents are too busy to give their children the fireside stories, the bedtime talks and instructions that the good teacher,

Dr. Maeser, in his time, insisted were so necessary and desirable. The

result is that children grow up with little training or instruction tending to belief in God and the works of righteousness. They become

unwilling, as they grow up, to adopt the old standards of religion and ideals of character that have proved best through the ages, principally because their early training in this direction has been neglected.

There is lack of the old, splendid influences of the home life; in

its stead there are the automobiles, movies, the modern dances, cheap theatres, the cabaret, cigarettes for men and women alike; and now and

lately the road doorways to iniquity. And the houses—fascinating

young people, without definite standards, are inclined to prove everything by trying it. They have spiritual longings, and seek to satisfy

these longings for happiness in the vortex of material things, only to find in the end that these are inadequate. Why? Because one can

not receive a fulness of spiritual joy through material sources. It must

be coupled with faith, and the love of God, and be taught in the home, early, earnestly and persistently. The responsibility for such teaching, as so well stated in the Doctrine and Covenants (68:25, 2831),

is with the parents, and they are accountable for many of the slips and follies of youth. Parents must require their children to walk

uprightly before the Lord, because they themselves are upright. They

can not patronize road houses, and indulge in every modern ex- 3 74 IMPROVEMENT ERA

travagance and evil, and yet have influence with their children to do opposite. What is bad for youth is equally hurtful for those of

mature years. The children revolt against hypocrisy; and, in search

conventions,of better ways, themselves commit new follies—defy

shock sensibilities, and in the process often do wicked things and inflict injury and cruel injustice upon themselves.

In the L. D. S. Church the youth are not entirely free from the

doubts, evils and misgivings generally affecting the youth of the land.

This is an indication that there are faults in their education and in the home training. On the whole, however, and that is an indication

of correct training, our young men and young women are industrious, upright, straightforward, reasonable in thought and action, cleanminded, possessing high ideals and honesty without hypocrisy. They

are young men and women who will not break their word of honor.

They believe in God, have faith in the hereafter, and believe that, to insure real success in life, the spiritual and material must go hand in hand, both being necessary to their happiness and salvation. These

are not engaged in the indulgence of excesses, nor found in the ways of the road house.

We are confident that the good judgment of the majority of parents, coupled with their example, wise teachings, tolerance and help, will guide the youth to right conduct and the love bf God which is xhe beginning of wisdom. We believe also that our youth will have

the moral courage to spend their leisure hours in such recreational activities as will result in good to them, and in potential values in their lives, in which case they will be sure to steer clear of the roadhouse, the cabaret and the night club.—A.

Reflections

Boost the is truth in the caustic statement, "Virtue Good—There

is its own reward, but sin and iniquity get the advertising."If one

does not believe that, let him look at the front page of his newspaper every day. If there is a wickedness or a vice or an iniquity committed, or if anyone has gone wrong, it is pictured there in large display. On the other hand, if there is anything virtuous or of good

report, it is generally hidden on the inside pages among the advertisements, or never mentioned at all. In private life, we might well discard the newspaper style, and give virtue and good report a chance.

For, notwithstanding all the advertising iniquity gets, there is more virtue than sin in the world. Give the good in a man a boost.

teacher who has the Spirit of God The Successful Teacher—The

with him needs no signboards along the highway of life to tell of his virtues. A successful Advanced Senior class teacher in Southern Utah

writes that the really successful teacher is the one who gets the greatest response from the members of his class. "That teacher gains most who

has made the best preparation and who by tact transfers his preparation to others."We might add that conveying truth from the teacher

EDITORS'TABLE 3 75

to the student is a great science in itself and requires training; hence,

our teachertraining classes.

Live Your editorial policy of the Improvement Religion—The

Era is to urge every man to live up to the highest ideals of his religion.

It is clearly a benefit to every man to do this, and to translate the high ideals of his religion into the actions of his daily life. The aim of the

Y. M. M. I. A. is the policy of the Improvement Era; namely, "to

assist every young man to complete living, on the foundation of faith in God and his great latterday work."

Gaining Victory Over and through ourselves, we are not Evil—In

capable of conquering the enemy of our souls. It is) only when we

receive strength from God to uphold our own efforts that victory over evil will be ours.

Constituents of things characterize religion: Religion—Three

knowledge, emotion and action. Doing or acting is quite as important as knowing. Emotion is of little or no use without action.

Religion implies right preparation, sympathy and performance.

English Becoming of Universal Usage

Dr. James E. Talmage, president of the European mission made

an elevenweeks'tour to different countries in Europe just before

Christmas. In his report, he makes some enlivening remarks concerning language. We quote:

"Except in the line separating the GermanAustrian and Swiss and German missions, the language of the people determines the boundaries of the missions. "As to the many tongues in which people express themselves, much could be said. One is inclined to query whether this diversity of speech

is to continue as long as the nations endure, or, whether some day mankind shall speak one and the same tongue. * * * Of all modern tongues,

English is 'most generally prevalent as a foreign language, that is as the acquired speech of those to whom it is not the mother tongue. It is the well

considered judgment of many to whom language is a specialty in study that

English will continue to spread, until it shall become practically of universal usage, at least among the educated classes of all nations.

"But there are other languages than those spoken by lip and tongue.

Thoughts may be given out, received and Understood, between those who have no common speech. Particularly is this observable among the Latterday Saints in different countries. They soon learn to understand the spirit

and meaning of one who comes to them as a bearer of the gospel message, though he speak a foreign tongue.

"Another striking feature, amounting in fact to miracle and serving as conclusive testimony of the divine aid attending this latterday marvel and wonder, is the relative facility with which our missionaries learn to speak the language of the /people amongst whom they are appointed to minister. * * * In the course of the current journey, the writer has

found elders who arrived in the field less than ten months ago, then utterly unlearned in the language to them foreign, now speaking freely and impressively in conversation and public discourse, and conducting classes in the auxiliaries, wherein the language of the country is used exclusively."

(Priesthood Quorums

(All matters pertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood, presented under this heading, are prepared under direction of the Presiding Bishopric)

New Texts of Study Should be Adopted

Since the October conference, members of stake high councils appointed to look after the Aaronic Priesthood, together with bishops of wards, have been urged to have the quorums of the Priesthood fully organized and ready to begin the 1927 work on the first of the year.

One month of the year 1927 has now passed and we are somewhat disappointed in the number of orders received at the Deseret Book Company, for Aaronic Priesthood courses of study for the year 1927. This may be

caused through the desire on the part of ward authorities to finish the 1926 work before taking up that provided for 1927.

Fearing that this condition exists, we take this opportunity to remind all interested in the work of the Aaronic Priesthood, especially parents who have boys who should be actively engaged in this work, that it is important that each Priest, Teacher, and Deacon should commence on the work provided, in order that the work outlined may be completed in time to take up the work which will be provided for 1928. Delays may prevent the completion of the work this year, causing some important work to be neglected

or making it necessary to encroach upon the next year's work. Therefore, in order to promote uniformity in the lesson work of the Aaronic

Priesthood generally the new lessons should be undertaken at once, even though the last year's courses may not have been completed.

We urge bishops and all concerned to secure the necessary outlines, which may be purchased at the Deseret Book Company for 10c each for the

Teachers, and the Deacons, and 15c for the Priests, sent postpaid upon receipt of the money.

Central Park Ward Priesthood Attendance Contest

The Central Park ward of the Grant stake held a Priesthood attendance contest between the Melchizedek and Aaronic Priesthood members during the whole month of November. The losers were to banquet the

winners, and the result was that the fathers furnished the banquet. The

boys were very enthusiastic; and, in order to win, were successful in securing

the attendance of adult members of the Lesser Priesthood. The result

was that the bishop has since been able to ordain eight older men holding the Aaronic Priesthood to the office of Elder. The Grant stake Aaronic

Priesthood committee, and the ward committee supervisors cooperated in promoting this contest. The average attendance during the month of November

of the Aaronic Priesthood of the Central Park ward was 90% of the total enrollment, and this high average has continued during the months of

December and January.

Changes in Officers A change in the Morgan stake presidency was effected in December.

George Sylvester Heiner was sustained as first counselor, and Edward H.

Anderson, Jr., as second counselor in the stake presidency, and the latter released as high councilor.

In Cedar Third ward, Parowan stake, Walter K. Granger was appointed

bishop of the new ward. Manila branch, Lyman stake, was changed to

a ward, with Peter G. Wall, bishop, Manila, Utah.

A new mission president, Willard L. Smith, of the Samoan mission

succeeded Ernest LeRoy Butler.

Introductions to the M. I. A. 192627 Slogan—

February, 1927 "We stand for a testimony of the divine mission of Joseph Smith."

MonthlyOctober—Howthemes: November—Theto announcementobtain a testimony.of the restoration of the December-—The need of the restoration of the gospel. gospel. January—The

of Mormon a testimony of the divine mission of Joseph February—The heavensBook are opened and the Lord speaks.

Smith.

- 1. The bringing forth of the Book of Mormon (an abridged history

of the ancient inhabitants of America) is a strong evidence of the divine mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith. This book is a message to the

Lamanites, the American Indians, a remnant of the house of Israel, to the

Jews and to the Gentiles. It was written by divine commandment and also

by the spirit of prophecy and revelation, and contains the gospel of Jesus

Christ in its fulness to the ancient inhabitants of this continent, and is a witness for the truth of the gospel of Jesus Christ and for the Bible. It is

a revelation from God translated by Jcteeph Smith through the power of the

Holy Ghost. It is a part of the divine mission of Joseph Smith.

2. When the angel Moroni visited Joseph Smith, he told Joseph that

there was a book deposited, written upon gold plates, and giving an account of the former inhabitants of the continent and the source whence they sprang;

and he also said that the fulness of the everlasting gospel was contained in it, as delivered by the Savior to the ancient inhabitants. For a brief analysis

of the Book of Mormon and a short statement of its origin, read the enlightening account following the title page of the new edition of the Book of

Mormon, 1920; and for the complete record, see Pearl of Great Price, pp.

4357: and History of the Church, vol. 1, chapters 1 to 6, inclusive.

The angel Moroni, having shown the Prophet the place of the hidden plates, commanded him to go once each year to this hiding place, and the angel would be there to meet him and give him instruction and intelligence at each interview, respecting what the Lord was going to do, and how and in what manner his kingdom was to be conducted in the last days. Joseph

went as he had been commanded. Finally, on the 22nd day of September

1827, the same heavenly messenger delivered them to the Prophet with this charge, in the words of Joseph, "That I should be responsible for them;

that if I should let them go carelessly, through any neglect of mine, I should be cut off; but if I should use all my endeavors to preserve them until he,

the messenger, should call for them, they should be protected."

In this manner the ancient record was brought forth from the earth as the voice of a people speaking from the dust. It was translated into

our language by Joseph Smith, through the gift and power of God, and was part of the divine mission of Joseph Smith.

3. The promises of the Lord concerning the bringing forth of the

book, and the blessings that shall come through it to those who shall bring forth'the Zion of God at that day, and the testimony that shall come to the 3 78 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Lamanites through it, are set forth in I Nephi 13:3541.

Since this work was accomplished by the Prophet Joseph Smith, it is an additional evidence of his divine mission. The Book of Mormon

establishes the truth of the Bible; it makes known the plain and precious

things which were taken from that book; it makes known to all kindreds,

tongues and people that the Lamb of God is the Son of the Eternal Father, the Savior of the world, and that all men must come unto him or they cannot be saved.

4. To any person who has received a knowledge of the Book of

Mormon, and who has read it with a sincere heart, these instructions are given on how to obtain a testimony, as recorded in Moroni 10:4:

"I would exhort you that ye would ask God, the Eternal Father, in the name of Christ, if these things are not true; and if ye shall ask with a sincere heart and real intent, having faith in Christ, he will manifest the truth

of it unto you by the power of the Holy Ghost."

It is through the power of the Holy Ghost that one may know the truth of all things, and, among them, that "the Book of Mormon was preserved by angelic guardianship and brought forth by revelation and translated by what men regard as miraculous means."The sentiment quoted from the Book of

Mormon is God's promise to men, "and His testimony must ever stand above and before the testimony of men."The translation of the Book of Mormon

was part of Joseph Smith's divine mission.. (See Robert's New Witness for

God, vol. 2; also the testimony of three witnesses and the testimony of eight

witnesses, which are men's testimony to men.)

"And unto three shall they be shown by the power of God; wherefore

they shall know of a surety that these things are true."(Ether 5:3.)

A Challenge Superintendent Almon D. Brown and stake and ward officers of the

Y. M. M. I. A. of the North Weber stake are deserving of special commendation for the splendid support that they have rendered this year, and in the

past, to the Improvement Era and to the general fund. Three hundred

and nineteen subscriptions, with cash accompanying, were handed into the office in October last, and by the 20th of December the stake had contributed $200 for the fund for the year 1927. Superintendent Brown gives

as the reason for their success, thorough cooperation with the Church officers and a complete conversion of the officers of the Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Association in the stake and wards. Superintendent Brown believes that as good work can be done in any and all the stakes of the Church,

if officers are converted. He says they are not putting over these two special

activities only, but are at the front with every other activity required of the association. When a requirement is put over at the proper time, it is not

difficult to succeed. The stake stood well in the requirements on the Efficiency Report for December, and was headed trying for perfect in January.

The stake officers hold conference from time to time with the officers of each ward, where the outstanding needs of the M. I. A. are discussed pro

and con and conclusions reached for the benefit of all concerned. They are

supported by the high council committee of two, who meet with the stake officers once a month to discuss the needs of the M. I. A. The stake board

meet weekly. Attendance is marked for each member, also his attendance at

Sacramental meetings. A report is handed to the stake presidency each three

months, showing the service the board members are giving to the Church.

The board members and officers are as willing to help the bishops in their work as they are to put the Mutual Improvement Association on its feet.

Brother Brown writes, "We know that the other stakes have it over us when it comes to education; but when it comes to humility and work, and

obedience to those in authority over us, and in the end success, we will make them sit up and take notice."

MUTUAL WORK 3 79 A Unique Meeting New situations, of course, are very interesting. What was a new

situation appeared in the Granite stake M. I. A. organization, on Tuesday

evening, January 1 1, when all the ward organizations in the stake took automobiles to the stake house, and held a joint M. I. A. meeting of the

associations. There were possibly more than two thousand young people in the

Granite stake tabernacle to listen to the program, every seat and standing place being occupied. Appropriate songs introducing the slogan were sung.

A young lady, Miss Whitbeck, gave a talk on the same topic, occupying probably six or seven minutes. At the close of her remarks, she stated that

it was customary for the congregation to stand and repeat the slogan. Instead,

owing to the large number present, she repeated it, "We stand for a testimony of the divine mission of Joseph Smith,"and asked the congregation to bow their heads for just a moment, and prayerfully contemplate the statement, and ask for a testimony. As they were in this silent attitude, a chorus of young

people, accompanied with beautiful organ music, sang a verse of the hymn, "An angel from on high."At the close of this very telling presentation,

Elder Melvin J. Ballard, of the Council of the Twelve, occupied an hour and

twenty minutes in a very effective talk, which as its basis gave the reasons why and the method how the young people should prepare themselves to prove worthy to receive the rich heritage which the Church and its organizations have prepared for them. It was an appeal to clean and righteous

living; to think and act in harmony with the commandments of God. Elder

Ballard's address was listened to with the closest attention, and at intervals complete silence prevailed. It was just such a spiritual feast as will greatly

profit all who heard. Very appropriately, the large congregation joined with

soirit in the closing song, "True to the faith."

Some Objectives in Reading the Book of Mormon

The following fourteen objectives in reading the Book of Mormon were given by Elder Kinkie, of the L. D. S. University, Salt Lake City, at a

monthly union meeting of the officers of the M. I. A. in the Granite stake,

and may be helpful to other officers and readers. He stated that no other

book will create faith in the young people like the Book of Mormon:

Objectives:

1. A choice land above all other lands, chosen by the Lord. (Ether 13.)

2. The journey to the promised land. To whom was the land promised?

3. Records and plates.

4. Fulfilled prophecies. There are fiftysix fulfilled prophecies, at least,

in the Book of Mormon.

5. Prophecies yet to be fulfilled. (Ill Nephi 20 and 21.)

6. Miracles, signs and wonders.

7. Movements and migrations of the peoples.

8. Gospel doctrines taught by the prophets.

9. Lands, cities, highways and animals.

10. Commotion and upheaval of the earth.

11. Christ's ministry among the Nephites. (Ill Nephi 11.)

etc. 12. Miscellaneous teachings—economics,

13. Hiding up the plates, and final destruction of the Nephites.

14. The coming forth of the Book of Mormon, and the testimony of the

two nations joining together. (II Nephi.)

. What to do in February

The M. I. A. are suggesting for this season's work in drama:

1 A stakewide contest in a oneact play;

2. The presentation of a standard drama.

380 IMPROVEMENT ERA We call attention, for information concerning the oneact play contest and the drama, to page 1 6 of the M. I. A. YearRound Recreation Program

and Contests for 192627. It is suggested that each ward put on three

oneact plays, which would call a number of people into the activity and provide a full evening's entertainment. Extra programs may be obtained at

the general office.

The Unequal Yoke, by Blanche Kendall McKey, the Jubilee prize play, published in the July Improvement Era, 1925, is one of the contest plays.

The Era will also have a new play for the coming season, now ready to be published and which is intensely interesting. Eleven plays for this season

are suggested in the Recreation Program, page 16.

Competent judges should be selected by the stake committee on Recreation to visit each ward. These judges will select, as a result of the ward

production, three plays to come up for the grand stake finals. Much interest

can be aroused for this big final stake night, at which time the stake prize winner will be selected. Rules for judgment are the same as the Churchwide

drama contest, page 25 of the Year Round Recreation Program, in which nine plays are suggested to be used in case the oneact contest is not entered into.

Points to be remembered: Get 100% for January on Efficiency

and Statistical Reports, and send into the general office by the 10th of February. Check on the study of the manuals. Ascertain how the contest in

reading the Book of Mormon is going on in your ward and stake, and also the report on all the books of the reading course. See Improvement Era, page

198, for December. Why not determine in your ward to win the new

reading course for 192728? Urge the Membership Committee to make

plans for a continuation of a good attendance in your association till June.

M. I. A. Scout Work in Hamburg, Germany

The Boy Scout movement was inaugurated in the Hamburg, Germany, branches in January, 1926. It was hard to convert some of the old members

to the new idea, but since they have learned to know the purpose and nature of the organization, the enthusiasm has waxed strong. The boys had just

GERMAN SCOUTS. HAMBURG.

MUTUAL WORK 381

been waiting for some opportunity to satisfy their inborn longing for outdoor life. The enrollment has steadily increased from the first day on, and

now there are 55 boys enrolled. The accompanying pictures were taken

in July.

The troops are now fully organized and equipped and have earned their own paraphernalia. Fests and entertainments, entirely arranged and

led by the scouts, have been given and money has been raised to buy banners, staves, bugles, firstaid kits, tents, etc. A spirit of cooperation, not unlike

that of the pioneers of Utah, prevails among these pioneers of scouting in this land. Money was provided by the group to buy material for uniforms

for all and the sisters of the Relief Society made them. In all their undertakings the boys with more means help those with less, and no one has

to stay home from trips on account of lack of money. The boys Have displayed good business ability, and this little financial achievement of theirs

is worthy of praise, considering the present depressed financial conditions of this country.

Many hikes have also been undertaken in the neighboring forests, and on one occasion the boys were separated in pairs and left upon their own resources to find their way at night to a city approximately 40 miles distant. Although the country was strange to them, they all arrived safely

after "hoofing"it all night.

SCOUT MASTERS AND ASSISTANTS. HAMBURG, GERMANY

The boys are friends, and once they become Scouts, they become interested in the gospel and attend all the meetings, bringing their parents with them in many cases.

The future of the Scouts in this country is bright, and the time is not far distant when this organization will play an important part in spreading

C. Taylor. the gospel among the youth of this nation.—Aaron

M. I. A. in the California Mission

Commencing October 4, and ending November 8, Elder Rulon A. Snow,

president of Y. M. M. I. A. and superintendent of Sunday schools, and

Sister Evelyn Schank, president of Y. L. M. I. A. and Primaries, together

with Elder Jacob O. Gardner, mission secretary; Sister Dycie J. Law, corresponding secretary; Elder George H. Marchant and Sister Gerda Hendrickson.

made an extended tour through Arizona and Southern California, in the

3 82 IMPROVEMENT ERA

interest of these organizations in the California mission. On November 1 1

President Snow was released to return home to St. George, Utah, and Elder

George H. Marchant succeeded him, taking charge of the party on their tour

through Northern California and Nevada. The Mutual work consisted of

general instructions and discussion. All the young people were invited to

attend, as well as officers and teachers. The Young Men and Young Ladies

separated for their individual work. The mission officers and missionaries

presented a musical program and oneact play. The program consisted of

vocal solos, duets and trios, and piano solos and duets. The Unequal Yoke,

the prizewinning play of the Jubilee year, 1925, was presented also. The

program was given in a splendid manner and was greatly appreciated by all.

Many investigators were in attendance and expressed appreciation and interest in the work accomplished by these young people. The M. I. A. work is

progressing in a splendid manner; the young people are taking keen interest,

and the officers and teachers throughout are putting forth every effort to place the M. I. A. in the California mission on a high level. The tour

was completed December 15. Evelyn Schank.

M. I. A. OFFICERS, CALIFORNIA MISSION

Front row, left to right: Gerda Hendrickson, pianist,!Salt Lake City, (released);

Evelyn Schank, president Y. L. M. I. A. and Primary, Salt Lake City; Dycie J.

Law, corresponding secretary, Delta, Utah. Back row: Jacob O. Gardner, mission

secretary, Afton, Wyoming; Geo. H. Marchant, superintendent mission Sunday

schools and Y. M. M. I. A., Holliday, Utah.

Fremont Stake to the Front We trust that it will encourage all the other stakes to know that

Fremont stake, with 65 7 who should be enrolled, has an enrollment cf 75 6, with an average attendance of 504, in fourteen wards, all of which reported;

and ten points in every activity were made by the wards, and, of course, by the stake. That means that seventysix,.or 10% of the enrolled membership, or

more, read twentyfive pages in the Book of Mormon during December. The

average attendance in the Advanced Senior class was 151 out of an enrollment of 191. We congratulate Fremont stake upon its achievements in the

activities of the M. I. A., and ask that the stake be not left alone in this

achievement, but that many stakes will equal them. Quite a large number of them stood upon the brink in December, and were confident of going

over completely in January.

MUTUAL WORK 3 83 M. I. A. MerryGo-Round

The Shelley stake recently gave a splendid entertainment, under the direction of the stake boards, which was both a social and a financial success.

Each of the nine Wards of the stake were responsible for one part, not exceeding fifteen minutes time. The schedule worked out perfectly, and the

program was carried smoothly, as the performers went from one ward to the next. The numbers consisted of oneact plays, aesthetic dancing, pantomimes, acrobatic features, folksongs, a flower basket, short comedy skits,

piano and vocal solos, etc. A cash prize of $15 and a second prize of $10

were awarded to the wards selling the greatest number of tickets according to the ward population. The Fifth ward won first prize, and the Taylor

ward the second. The houses in each case were crowded to capacity. It has

been decided, because of the success, to make it an annual affair. In case

any of the stakes desire a copy of the program, we will gladly furnish the same. Wishing all a bigger and better M. I. A. for the coming year.

Benj. B. Stringham, stake secretary, Y. M. M. I. A., Shelley, Idaho.

of Lund Ward hold Reunion M Men

On December 22, 1926, the Third Annual Reunion of the M Men of the

Lund ward, Idaho stake, was held at Lund. It went over big. Holiday

colors decorated the hall and tables. Adhering to the custom of other years, the

M Men brought partners, and sixty people sat down to the banquet, the main feature of the evening. Alexander I. Wilson, president of the M Men,

delivered the welcoming speech. Humorous talks and debates were enjoyed,

and jokes were prolific. Community singing and social dancing were enjoyed,

before and after the banquet. President Wilson, master of ceremonies; Victor

Frandsen, toastmaster; Henry W. Blauer, song leader. One former member

and five honorary members were present. The organization is annually

growing. Alexander I. Wilson, president.

and Gleaner Girls'Banquet M Men

The M Men and Gleaner Girls'banquet was held at Mt. Pleasant,

December 4, in the North Sanpete high school gymnasium. The Relief Society

did the serving of the banquet, and 235 M Men and Gleaner Girls, together with officers, were served. The affair was in the charge of J. Seymour

Jensen and A. W. Anderson, stake M Men and Gleaner Girls leaders, the latter

acting as toastmaster. Each ward of the stake responded with a part on the

program. Excellent music was furnished by the North Sanpete orchestra.

Other numbers on the program were toasts, readings, songs, and a short address by Bishop John Wells of the Presiding Bishopric, who was attending the stake conference at the time. A most enjoyable time was had. A social

dance followed the banquet, and the whole was a great success in every way.

Stake Board Change in Idaho Falls

On January 9 the stake board of the Y. M. M. I. A., Idaho Falls, was

reorganized. Superintendent Sylvan Olson and his counselors, Guy A.

Poulsen and Reed Scott, and Secretary A. B. Wheeler, were released, and the

following were sustained: Rolf C. Wold, superintendent; Ira J. Stoker and

William Francis Burtenshaw, counselors; members of the board: Melvin

Armstrong, chairman of stake Recreation Committee; John O. Mellor and

J. W. West. The secretary will be selected at an early future date. The

Y. L. M. I. A. stake board was reorganized at the same ti.me with Sister

Sarah S. Pond as stake president.

3 84 IMPROVEMENT ERA |

Current Events

A Study for the M. I. A. Advanced Senior classes

192627

(Prepared by the Advanced Senior Committee)

LESSONS FOR FEBRUARY, 1927 I—POLITICS AND INDUSTRY.

1 Farm Relief.

One of the biggest questions before Congress in the present session will likely be the subject of farm relief. This question has been uppermost before the American people and Congress for the last year or two, and

it does not appear as if there can possibly be any early solution to the problem. Each year the farmers are moving toward concerted action in

order to push their own economic interests. The corn and cotton forces,

for instance, have united in their demand for government relief. In the event

that they should get it, it doubtless means that the surplus in the Treasury will not return to the tax payers. "Much will depend upon the form

and scope of the farm relief measure,"says the Post: "If it should include

a proposal to revise the tariff downward it will meet with stubborn resistance. The legislators who firmly believe that the protective tariff is the

backbone of all prosperity, including agriculture, will fight any proposal to reduce tariff."This means, of course, that the farmer cannot expect

much tariff relief from them. There may be, however, efforts made in this

Congress to try for both farm relief and tax relief, but the chances of success of either are quite remote. At least, if the tax payers are to benefit by

the Treasury surplus it will be after a hot battle in Congress.

QUESTIONS

1. What are some of the most important questions before the agricultural

interests in this country at the present time?

2. What is agricultural prosperity dependent upon after all?

3. Have the farmers in the past been inclined too much to the production

of standard crops?

4. Should the farmers give their time to three or four specialty crops each

year in* order to avoid over production in some standard commodity?

5. If the farmers should resort to specialty crops, how would it affect the

farmer who must buy wheat, corn, and cotton?

6. Is it likely that the agricultural interests will favor any tax relief unless

they get farm relief?

7. What should this farm relief be composed of; that is, in what way can

the government give the agricultural classes relief?

8. Should the government appoint a Federal Farm Board to study continuously agricultural conditions and ascertain where there is a surplus and what

Digest, December 18, 1926, page 8.effect it has on prices?-—See Literary

2. The British Rubber Monopoly. >

There is much talk of a credit "pool"which is about to be formed in the United States of $30,000,000 with which to buy crude rubber in the hope of stabilizing the price of that commodity, at least this is said to be the primary object of this "pool;"but by it they hope, also, to "break

the monopolistic grip of Great Britain on the rubber market. "This 'pool'

plan,"says the New York World, "was suggested by Secretary Hoover last year when rubber prices soared to $1.20 a pound. The present price is

thirtysix cents a pound. Such a wide variation in the price of rubber has

likely caused losses to many tire manufacturers,""But this buying 'pool'

MUTUAL WORK 3 85

of our country,"it is said by the New York Evening Post, "is a defense against, rather than an attack upon, the British rubber monopoly.""According to present plans about $30,000,000 worth of rubber will be purchased

out of stocks in London, Singapore, New York, and the Dutch East Indies markets."

QUESTIONS

1. How will the American consumer and the American rubber and automobile

manufacturer benefit by this combination?

2. What effect will it have upon the price of an automobile?

3. What causes competitive prices?

4. How far will the law of Supply and Demand and the cost of production

apply in the price of rubber? of automobiles?

5. Will this pool stabilize prices, and if so, downward or upward?

6. Briefly, what are the motives behind this "pooling"of American resources

Literary Digest,and should it be taken seriously by producing interests?—See

December 18, 1926, page 12.

III. Utah and Her Resources.

"Considering all basic resources that contribute to the economic welfare of the race and the equally important natural wonders and scenic glories that yield the sources of geological history and stimulate the aspirations of heart and soul, the area marked by the boundaries of Utah is more richly endowed than any equal area that might be marked off on the surface of the globe,"said President A. W. Ivins at a recent meeting before

the Chamber of Commerce.

QUESTIONS

1. Is this statement of Utah's resources extravagant, and if not, why not?

2. What is the area and the population of Utah?

3. How does Utah compare in metal mining with other states in the Union?

In silver? In copper? In lead?

4. How many square miles of workable coal has Utah? Of recoverable coal

in tons? 5. In 1925 Utah broke the world record in the number of tons of tomatoes

harvested per acre. She also produced onehalf of the nation's alfalfa seed, and this

year the yield from her farms equals nearly $100,000,000. In poultry, sheep, and

cattle there has also been a great increase running into the millions, and her hay crop alone equals $13,500,000. Too, in scenic wonders and educational opportunities few states of the Union, if any, surpass Utah. Is it any wonder, therefore,

Christmas edition of the that President Ivins made the above statement?—See

Deseret News for 1925, and Section 6 for 1926.

II SCIENCE

1. A bill is now before Congress to bring about the adoption of the

metric system of weights and measures in the United States. The Senate

Committee on Commerce has already conducted several hearings on the subject. 1. What is the metric system?

2. How does the metric system differ from the system of weights and measures now in vogue in most Englishspeaking countries?

3. What are the arguments for and against the proposed change?

4. Is it the business of the States or the Federal Government to legislate

on such 3 matter? Why? Science, December 3 1, 1926.

3 86 IMPROVEMENT ERA

2. At the recent International Conference on Bituminous Coal, held at

Pittsburg, Pa., Dr. Frederich Bergius of Heidelberg, Germany, announced the

results of long research in the extraction of gasoline and other valuable motor fuels, from lowgrade coal. Eminent authorities express the belief that the

process of extraction "has passed beyond the experimental stage."

1. How much coal is there in the world?

2. Is the discovery of new oil resources keeping pace with the increasing consumption of gasoline?

3. How much is known about the oil and'coal resources of this Rocky

Mountain region?

4. What would be the effect of a sudden discovery of a new form of

fuel oil? Literary Digest, December 11, 1926.

3. Indian graves yielding more than five hundred skeletons, and large

quantities of pottery, weapons, ornaments, utensils, etc., have been discovered in a group of mounds known as "The Fisher Mounds"near Joliet,

Illinois, by George Langford of that city. Authorities regard this as "one

of the outstanding archaeological developments of recent times in tlii country."

1. What is archaeology?

2. How does science determine the age of skeletons, weapons, pottery, etc..

discovered in this way?

3. How reliable are these scientific methods?

4. Of what significance is such a discovery to Latterday Saints? Sciu'nce.

December 3 1, 19 26.

4. In search of the origin cf cataracts on the human eye, Dr. John

M. Wheeler of New York University Medical School took bits of living

tissue from the eyes of embryo chicks. These bits he placed in hollowglass

slides and kept them in incubators. Every two days these detached tissuecells reproduced themselves, proving, as Dr. Alexis Carrell of the Rockefeller Institute of Medicine has been doing for nearly fifteen years with

his chickenheart tissue, that "cell life can be maintained immortal ap?rt

from the parent body."

1. How does research of this sort benefit humanity?.

2. Is it ethical for man to promote science and his own welfare by means

of experimentation on animals?

3. Who are the antivivisectionists, and upon what arguments docs their

case rest? I

4. Does Dr. Carrell's search for the physiological principle of eterna'life

seem justified religiously? Time. January 3, 192 7.

TEN OUTSTANDING MAGAZINE ARTICLES FOR DECEMBER, l'H6

(Selected by a Council of Librarians) 1. "Our Predicament Under the 18th Amendment."Walter Lippman, Haraer'r.

2. "Love, Arms, Song and Death."Henry M. Robinson, Century.

3. "The Book Collecting Game."A. Edward Newton, Atlantic.

4. "The Man Behind The Times."Benjamin Stolberg, Atlantic.

5. "Where Can I Find the Rules for Success?"Edward W. Bok. S.ibnec's.

6. "Portrait of an Olympian."Rollo W. Brown, Harper's.

7. "Ringside Seats,"Katernine Fullerton Gerould, Harpvi s.

8. "The Scientific City of the Future,"Interview with Thomas A. Luii n.

Forum. 9. "Americans Wanted."William S. Wasserman, Atlantic.

10. "Phantoms of the Snow."Herbert R. Sass, Good Housekeeping*

MUTUAL WORK 3 87 III—RELIGIOUS AND SOCIAL MOVEMENTS

1 Church Music.

The committee on Church Music of the United Lutheran Church of

America, which recently held its fifth semiannual convention in Richmond,

Virginia, condemns "show pieces"by the choir. The report says:

"All the choir's acts must be acts of worship, and if an anthem be sung, it must be chosen with due reference to the day, season or occasion, and be sung in a manner to inspire devotion."(See Literary Digest,

November 20, 1926, page 37.)

Should the choir be regarded as a group of entertainers? What is the

choir's place? What is the value of congregational singing? Is enough

care given to fit the choir singing to the service? What may be done

to have choirs and congregations sing with spirit and understanding?

2. A Dearth of Intellectual Ministers.

Dr. Henry Sloane Coffin, new president of Union Theological Seminary, New York City, claims that the church is not living up to its opportunity because of the mental deficiency of its ministers and "the unintelligible controversy over unimportant points."(See Literary Digest,

November 27, 1926, page 31.)

Why is there such a dearth of intellectuals in the ministry? Does

the condition of the religious world today show the need of preaching a

Restored Gospel? What are requisites for one who would teach the gospel

of Christ?

3. What of Zionism?

Dr. Henry S. Pritchett says, "The movement to colonize Palestine with

Jews is unfortunate and visionary. "(See Literary Digest, November 27,

1926, page 32.)

What has been said in refutation by those who favor Zionism? What

do the Latterday Saints think regarding the return of the Jews to Palestine?

4. A Crisis in the Church of England.

It is said that "A Supreme Crisis in the history of the Church of

England is approaching, and some authorities think the day not far distant when it will become merged with the Church of Literary DiRome."—See

gest, November 27, 1926, pige 30.

In America, too, the Episcopal Church is astir over the growing power of the Catholic party within its ranks. The Churchman says, "Many intelligent laymen throughout the church are genuinely concerned, and not

without cause. They see in the Catholic Congress a determined and organized effort toward a revival of magic and superstition in the church of their

birth. They are beginning to fear the results of their own ignorance of

what has been taking place. They have wished, and wish now, to be toler

ant; but they are questioning whether under the plea of tolerance, they

must sit idly by while primitive superstitions are promoted in the Episcopal

Church by welldefined organization. They are coming reluctantly to recognize the truth of Bishop Randolph's statement that what we have in the

Episcopal Church is not two schools of thought but two religions."—See

. Literary Digest, November 20, 1927, page 36.

What are the great differences in belief of the Roman Catholics and the

Episcopalians?

What is common in the belief of the two churches?,

Wha'is the aim of the AngloCatholics?

Y. M, M. I. A. Statistical Report, December, 1926

Q S g 7"1 O o g S 5 u 3 S e c a la a -2 -a S w—a c 3.2 O -a E,2| xfa 3 II I| & STAKE a "2 c Eh - - 2 2* So c

62 <js K < w < o<k << - 5 "S tzw rt | 1741416Alpine 1000 18 13 104 142 209.... 3 3 9 794 79 57 106

Bear River 480 12 10 81 127 90 49 93 440 58 97 66 19 79 319

Beaver 309 7 3 27 60 51 34 47 219 20 54 42 22 34 172

Benson 706 14 13 135 171 196 57 201 760 81 97 91 29 129 427

Box Elder - 771 14 14 138 240 213 35 216 842 120 163 116 17 178 594

Cache 566 8 8 89 102 172 226 589 66 53 95 130 344

Carbon 590 10 4 31 20 34 8 45 138 27 36 28 43 134

Cottonwood 727 10 10 110 70 181 30 250 641 81 50 121 23 176 451

Deseret 493 12 12 102 160 104 20 155 541 71 94 60 15 90 330

Emery 476 9 8 56 46 141 154 397 45 23 831 131 282

Ensign 927 8 8 89 117 180 92 260 738 77 71 119 60 169 496

Garfield 308 8 4 33 36 22 30 121 22 28 17 16 83

Granite 1000 9 9 97 140 203 88 306 834 81 103 131 67 208 590

Grant 1400 14 14 129 109 310 59 357 964 107 99 226 26 233 691

Gunnison 279 7 7 50 73 68 25 68 284 40 50 28 14 60 192

Hyrum 500 10 6 52 82 85 20 74 313 34 50 51 18 50 203

Jordan 1011 16 8 68 83 135 64 230 580 53 49 93 39 152 386

Juab 337 5 5 39 74 73 120 306 39 37 40 54 170

Kanab 226 6 6 50 52 38 25"72 237 46 38 30 18 45 177

Liberty 1407 12 12 147 197 315 219 331 1209 116 100 164 139 235 754

Logan 597 11 7 74 60 116 12 197 459 56 27 65 9 104 261

Millard 344 8| 6 48 64 59....... 76 247 42 48 40 67 197

Morgan 205 10 7 55 59 38 9 55 216 46 43 28 38 161

Nebo 454 9 8 69 78 90 4 213 454 60 50 50 150 310

North Davis. 462 7 6 54 48 80 19 112 313 40 27 43 62 188

North Sanpete 700 10 9 73 59 170 20 176 498 54,36 92 118 313

North Sevier.. 275 6 6 40 62 65 57 224 32 35 37 40 144

North Weber 617 13 13 103 49 155 8 231 546 80 27 84 133 328

Ogden 848 10 10 99 144 231 65 250 789 72 60 133 148 456

Oquirrh i 495 5 5 69 61 106 10 163 409 51 33 54 96 236

Palmyra, 487 8 8 68 121 115 42 197 543 50 66 72 135 347

Parowan 532 10 10 67 141 82 10 89 389 48 75 46 63 244

Pioneer 785 10 10 101 98 215 15 233 562 72 44 115 111 346

Roosevelt 303 13 6 43 50 44 15 55 207 33 39 33 34 153

St. George 680 14 13 193 189 156 59 597 1194 70 99 114 105 403

Salt Lake 1072 13 13 143 137 225 134 238 877 105 75 130 156 537

San Juan 192 4 3 26 43 50 38 46 203 19 34 36 30 134

Sevier 353 6 6 54 77 120 54 105 410 38 40 73 73 258

South Davis.. 532 8 3 25 29 33 83 170 19 20 21 51 111

South Sevier 327 8 4 27 30 8 7 41 119 22 21 8 27 85

Summit 467 12 7 45 47 64 9 52 217 28 17 40 29 123

Tintic 271 5 5 38 78 20 14 107 257 26 43 18 75 172

Tooele 390 10 5 46 53 44 27 51 221 30 26 22 23 116

Uintah 410 10 10 75 118 128 134 455 58 78 110 100 346

Utah 1100 16 1? 1 18 178 735?4 76? 767 78 89 152 182 523

Wasatch r 382 9 7 60 84 90 124 358 47 46 53 92 238

Weber 711 9 9 78 70 120 48 173 489 60 39 70 109 296

Bannock t 240 6 4 30 39 21 9 33 132 17 25 13 10 72

Bear Lake.. 363 11 11 95 79 113 141 428 59 67 84 80 290

Boise, 365 10 8 329 "296 Burley i 305 9 4 34 65 24 17 44 184 49 18 14| 35 144

Cassia 170 6 6 39 57 44 2 59 201 48 24 145

Curlew 124 10 6 39 56 27 53 175 22 14 87

Franklin 420 11 11 103 119 114 174 510 56 79 299

Fremont 657 14 14 161 191 167 31 206 756 151 110 1351504

Idaho 178 9 9 77 86 26 12 42 243 52 17 153

Idaho Falls 1 530 12 8 104 175 115 30 124 548 60 40 215

Lost River 69 3 3 20 46 14 37 117 23 3 57

Malad | 305 7\ 6 63 79 69 11 90 312 49 38 198

MUTUAL WORK 389

a.Sa a 5 a o Ji il en8 -aU g< STAKE = Eno ioE-S a.2 a << <

O J Minidoka 240 1 19 40 23 27 109 18 23 14 16 71

Montpelier.. 367 84 95 98 7 134 418 53 56 62 7 61 239

Oneida 370 92 100 73 8 148 421 64 50 42 6 96 258

Pocatello 561 102 102 119 24 166 513 70 65 71 28 95 329

Raft River i 160 28 26 22 7 22 105 16 9 12 3 16 56

Rigby 521 116 146 87 38 98 485 80 120 52 25 59 336

Shelley 319 96 119 76 90 381 61 74 43 55 233

Twin Falls... 210 24 62 34 57 177 15 22 20 34 91

Yellowstone. 370 60 93 60 68 281 44 64 34 4 6 188

Big Horn 322 53 77 50 41 73 294 45 27 58 13 47 190

Juarez, 128 27 68 26 27 55 203 22 60 22 23 47 174

Lethbridge 234 76 96 80 24 73 349 59 52 46 21 49 227

Los Angeles. 526 108 138 241 15 119 621 78 90 162 8 80 418

Lvman 220 55 98 80 5 68 306 42 86 58 5 50 241

Maricopa, 428 80 90 129 11 131 441 61 - 75 81 8 88 313

Moapa, 237| 9| 8 65 88 92 10 96 351 38 43 67 6 75 229

Nevada 1 58 j 4 34 48 14 12 54 162 28 43 6 9 39 125

St. Joseph 214 6 56 58 59 29 77 279 39 23 36 17 39 154

San Luis, 200 3 5 9 9 8 31 4 5 5 11 25

Snowflake 280 57 102 71 20 77 327 35 58 40 15 41 189

Star Valley... 359 115 75 128 93 411 69 42 64 57 232

Taylor 344 67 88 125 73 47 400 55 71 90 51 31 308

Woodruff 335 | 39 71 64 7 63 244 34 37 24 5 3 6| 1 3 6

Young 95 33 25 58 19 30 165 28 20 40 13 281129

Calif. Mission 1046 174 314 21324 155 880 137 213 155 5 115 625

, December, 1926 Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Report

a - O a m o. a a.H *A &

s 3 *C3 S3 STAKE O < te EHo 1 a tf CO 3 as a 3 < 1 Alpine 8 5 7 7 7 4 10 6 10 9 73

Bear River i 9 10 8 10 6 5 8 7 8 8 79

Beaver 7 10 8 7 8 5 5 8 8 7 73

Benson 10 6 9 9 6 4 7 7 8 9 75

Box Elder 1.. 10 10 10 8 8 8 9 9 10 10 92

Cache 10 6 9 10 10 6 10 8 10 9 88 2 10 10 8 8 4 1 10 10 | 71 Cottonwood 9 10 10 10 10 5 6 6 10 9 | 85 10 6 7 10 6 8 10 8 8 7 80 Emery 8 10 9 9 8 4 7 6 9 9 79 Ensign 8 10 10 10 10 9 10 6 10 10 93

Garfield 4 10 10 5 8 10 7 4 10 10 78 8 10 10 9 10 5 7 5 10 10 84 7 < 10 10 10 10 4 9 3 10 10 83

Gunnison 10 10 9 3 8 8 7 7 8 9 79

Hyrum.. 6 7 6 5 6 4 6 6 6 6 58

Jordan 6 10 5 5 5 3 4 3 5 5 51

Juab 9 6 10 6 10 9 9 7 10 8 84

Kanab 10 10 10 8 10 5 10 8 10 8 89

Liberty 9 6 10 10 10 9 9 10 10 10 93

Logan i 8 6 10 10 10 6 7 7 10 10 84

Millard 7 10 8 5 7 2 5 4 8 7 63

Morgan 10 10 5 1 4 5 9 10 I 9 7 | 70

Nebo 10 7 7 4 6 3 6 6 1 8 9 1 66 390 IMPROVEMENT ERA

<D

STAKE g < s 1;

05 Ks T3 -- si s< North Davis 1 7 6 1 10 6 10 84

North Sanpete 7 6 1 10 5 9 70 North 'Sevier 8 7 1 10 8 2 3 6 5 6 62

North Weber 9 6 8 10 9 10 10 10 10 90

Ogden 9 6 10 10 9 8 10 9 10 10 91

Oquirrh, 8 6 10 10 10 '7 9 10 10 10 90

Palmyra 10 6 7 9 10 7 9 9 7 9 83

Pa rowan 7 6 8 6 8 5 6 5 6 8 65

Pioneer, 8 5 9 7 10 5 8 6 10 10 78

Roosevelt 7 10 4 1 1 4 4 4 4 5 44

St. George. 10 3 10 10 9 10 9 8 10 79

Salt Lake 8 6 10 10 10 6 7 10 6 10 83

San Juan 10 10 7 4 2 7 7 6 7 7 67

Sevier 10 6 7 7 6 4 10 9 10 10 79

South Davis. 3 10 3 2 2 5 1 1 3 1 31

South Sevier - 3 10 3 2 4 4 4 3 3 4 40

Summit 5 6 5 3 1 3 10 6 4. 4 47

Tintic 10 10 10 10 4 8 3 '8 10 81

Tooele 6 5 5 1 1 4 3 4 4 37 Uintah 10 10 10 3 8 10 7 10 8 84

Utah 7 10 9 9 10 5 6 10 10 84 Wasatch 9 10 6 6 7 4 6 7 7 6 68

Weber 7 6 10 10 10 6 5 4 10 10 78

Bannock 6 6 5 4 4 4 3 4 3 5 44

Bear Lake, 10 10 7 5 7 7 10 8 8 8 82

Boise 9 9 9 2 6 8 7 4 9 9 72 Burley 5 10 4 4 2 3 3 3 4 4 42

Cassia 10 10 10 9 10 10 10 10 10 10 99

Curlew 10 5 7 1 5 10 10 6 4 58

Franklin 10. 6 10 To 8 7 10 10 9 8 88

Fremont 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Idaho 10 6 9 9 8 10 9 6 6 81 Idaho Falls 10 4 10 8 9 9 8 8 8 82

Lost River 10 5 10 7 7 5 10 5 8 10 77

Malad 10 6 7 10 9 7 10 10 10 10 89

Minidoka 5 10 10 3 10 7 7 7 10 77

Montpelier 10 5 7 4 5 6 8 8 5 66

Oneida 10 6 9 9 5 3 9 8 7 74 Pocatello 9 6 10 10 9 10 10 10 10 10 94

Raft River. 6 5 7 1 2 4 8 5 6 44

6 5 8 8 8 8 6 75Rigby 9 10 7 Shelley 10 6 10 9 5 7 9 8 7 79

Twin Falls 8 5 9 4 4 7 5 5 4 59

Yellowstone '8 10 10 2 3 6 9 9 7 72

Big Horn 9 6 9 5 4 6 6 8 6 67 Juarez 10 10 10 8 9 6 10 10 5 10 88

Lethbridge 10 10 7 10 9 10 10 10 10 10 96

Los Angeles 10 10 10 8 10 2 5 10 10 83

Lyman 10 10 8 7 6 5 8 4 6 71 Maricopa 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 99.

Moapa - 10 7 9 6 7 7 8 6 76 Nevada 10 10 8 2 1 9 56 St. Joseph 10 6 9 4 8 10 10 77

San Luis 2 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 82

Snowflake 10 6 6 5 6 2 7 5 4 6 57

Star Valley 10 6 9 5 6 7 8 8 5 9 73

Taylor 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 98

Woodruff 7 6 10 10 5 6 5 6 7 68

Young 10 10 10 4 7.4 69

Calif. Mission 1 8 10 9 5 7 10 76

Yoshihito, the emperor of Japan, died, Dec. 25, 1926, of an attack of

bronchial pneumonia. Prince Regent Hirohito was immediately proclaimed

emperor.

Fire in the Lourier Palace Movie theatre, at Montreal, Canada, took a toll of seventyfive lives, mostly little children, Jan. 9. The fire itself

is described as trivial, but the fearstricken Sunday audience jammed the exits, and many were suffocated. The fire seems to have started in a room

under the balcony.

Solomon J. Salisbury, a nephew of the Prophet Joseph Smith, passed

away at his farm near Carthage, 111., according to a dispatch from that place

dated Jan. 18, 1927. He was 91 years old. He is said to have been "a

loyal 'Mormon'"until his death, although he did not join the Saints in

Utah, owing to the opposition of his wife.

The seventeenth legislature of Utah convened Jan. 10, 1927, at noon.

Alonzo B. Irvine, of Salt Lake, was reelected president of the senate,* and

Samuel M. Jorgensen, Salina, speaker of the house. The Catholic bishop,

John J. Mitty, was invited to offer prayer. Chief Justice Samuel R.

Thurman, of the supreme court administered the oath. In the house the

members were sworn in by Justice James W. Cherry.

The automobile deathrate in Salt Lake City in 1925 was higher than in any other of the cities in the United States, except Camden, N. J., and Hartford, Conn. The percentage of persons killed here during the year, according to figures made public by the U. S. department of commerce, was

32.1 per 100,000. In Chicago the percentage was 21.5 per 100,000 and in

New York 18. Denver had the lowest percentage with 13.2.

The recent Biennial Report of the Utah Agricultural Experiment

Station is just off the press. It contains many problems of major importance

both to the farmers and homemakers of the state. This report, known as

Utah Experiment Station Bulletin No. 198, and prepared by Director

William Peterson, covers the activities of the Station for the 18month period from January 1, 1925, to July 1. 1926. Copies free at Logan, Utah.

Secretary of State Kellogg, on Jan. 12, in a statement to the foreign

relations committee of the Senate, showed that the soviet leaders in Russia, according to their own public utterances, regarded Mexico and Central

America as points of vantage, from which to assail the "imperialism"of the

United States, and that the proceedings of communist conferences, both in

Russia and the United States, proved revolutionary designs on this country.

The value of the crops of Utah for 1926 is estimated at $35,000,000.

This is considerably less than the value of the crops for 1925, which was $50,000,000. But it is more than the total for 1924, which was only

$33,000,000. The leading crop is hay, valued at $14,370,000. Wheat

comes next, with $5,772,000. The potato crop is valued at $2,588,000.

The sugar beets at $2,454,000, and the alfalfa seed at $2,338,000, which is about half of the yield for 1925.

State Senator LeRoy Dixon died, Dec. 28, 1926, at his home in Provo,

following an illness of five weeks. At that time he was operated upon

392 IMPROVEMENT ERA

after the extraction of a tooth, but it was evident to the physicians that the end would soon come. He was born in Provo, Oct. 16, 1881, the son of

Henry Aldous and Sarah DeGrey Dixon. He was elected to the state

senate in 1922, and reelected at the last election. In 190608 he labored

in the British mission. He has served in the Provo city council six years,

from 1911, and was then elected mayor twice.

President Coolidge sent a special message to congress, Jan. 10, 1926,

explaining the government's policy in Nicaragua. He said he was acting

in harmony with the declared policy of the Central American republics, not to recognize a government that has been established by revolutionary methods. That is the reason, he says, why we recognize president Diaz,

and not the claims of Sacasa, who is in exile. That is also the reason why

American marines have been landed, to prevent "outside"influence from interfering Besides, there are Americans residing in Nicaragua, who must be protected.

Henry W. hunt, former state senator and member of the state road

commission, died at his home in Cedar City, Utah, Dec. 26, after an illness

that extended over several weeks. Mr. Lunt was born in Cedar City, Jan.

25, 1863, the son of Henry Lunt and Mary Ann Wilson Lunt, who had gone to Cedar City the year before to found that colony, the elder Lunt having been placed in charge of the colonization work there. As a boy and a

young man he spent his life in the open, chiefly following the range, and many were the interesting stories he could tell of life in Utah in that era.

Robert W. Sloan passed away, Dec. 27, 1926, on his way to a hospital

He had been ill for some time. On Christmas day he visited the graves at

Logan of two sons, and the effort seemed to be too much for him. He

came to this country from Ireland, when he was eight years old. He obtained employment at the Salt Lake Herald, when that paper was started,

and remained in its employ for years.,In 188990 he filled a mission for

the Church in Great Britain. In 1897-8 he was a member of the legislature. 'About five years ago he went to San Francisco. He was widely

known, affectionately, as "Bob"Sloan.

A severe earthquake was felt, Dec. 18, 1926, at Lisbon, Portugal.

It was accompanied by subterranean noises. The waters of the Tagus river

rose considerably and soon the surface was covered with thousands of fish.

Cafes, theatres and business houses were hurriedly vacated. The facade of the

central railway station was cracked from top to base. Trains were delayed

several hours while a thorough examination was made of the tunnels. Another

shock occurred at 6 o'clock next morning, many buildings being badly shaken. Two shocks were felt at Ventura, Cal., Dec. 19, at 1:05 and 2:45

a. m., respectively. No damage was reported.

The voice of the pope, Pius XI, was heard Dec. 20, 1926, in an address,

or allocution, as they call it in Rome, before a "secret"consistory. According to the published accounts, the pontiff denounced in unmeasured terms

the Mexican government on account of the "persecution"that has been "raging"there "with inhuman ferocity"for months. "We have been informed,"

his holiness said, "that venerable bishops have been torn from their sees, the government concentrating, incarcerating and even killing pious ecclesiastics and slaughtering the unarmed faithful praying before the venerated sanctuary of the most holy Virgin."And yet, president Calles is, as

far as known, a member of the Catholic church.

Mr. Briand sends a Christmas message to the American press, in which

he denies the truth of the old adage that the best way to preserve the peace is to prepare for war. He points out that France and Germany now, for the

first time in history, are cooperating for the preservation of peace, and then

PASSING EVENTS 3 93

adds: "Like Dr. Stresemann and Foreign Secretary Chamberlain, I am

convinced that the year 1927 will see a new spirit and a new conception of international affairs more widely spread through the minds of the peoples, and then there will be really something changed in the destinies of humanity.

No other people can associate itself in mind and heart more earnestly in the realization of such a hope."

The school land question has, evidently, found its solution. The U. S.

house of representatives, on Jan. 17. 1927, passed unanimously the bill,

giving to the states all school sections, mineral as well as nonmineral.

The bill bore the number and name of the Jones bill, which, in more general terms, had passed the senate last session. The house committee struck out

all after the enacting clause of the Jones bill, substituted the language prepared by Secretary Work, and, by unanimous consent, the senate now can concur in the house amendment and the bill will be on its way to the president for signature. Senator Smoot thinks this procedure will be followed, and Senator

Jones of New Mexico, author of the original bill, is entirely satisfied with the Work bill.

The Utah State Society of Long Beach, California, recently plarited a tree in honor of President Brigham Young, at a flag celebration there.

The Utah flag was carried by David Armstrong, a boy.scout formerly of

Salt Lake City, now of 260 Ausota Avenue, Long Beach. For the first time in

the history of the nation, speakers said, forty colorful flags were unfurled to the breeze at the treeplanting exercises, held at Recreation Park, under the auspices of the Federation of States Society. There were flags

from Wales, Scotland, Canada and France. Following the flag display eightyfive trees were set out in Federation Drive. Each tree represented either

one of the presidents of the United States, or an illustrious deceased man or woman of the various states, territories and countries having societies in Long

Beach affiliated with the federation.

David K. Udall, St. Johns, Arizona, former president of the stake, has

been appointed president of the Arizona temple at Mesa, Arizona, the an-i nouncement being made by the First Presidency on Tuesday, Dec. 8. President

Udall is one of the foremost pioneers of Northern Arizona, having taken a.

prominent part in the development of that part of the state. President

Udall was formerly of Nephi, and moved to Kanab in 1878, following a mission to England. In 1880 he was called by President John Taylor

to become bishop of St. Johns, serving in that capacity for seven years,

and following that was made president of the stake, in which office he served for thirtyfive years, until the stake was reorganized in 1922, when he was ordained a patriarch. He was a member of the Twentieth Arizona

Territorial Legislature and a member of the Highway Commission of that state, and for fortyfive years has been engaged in carrying United States mails.

The sugar manufacturing business is in its early stages of dcve'opment in Great Britain, where the climate and soil appear to be favorable for beet culture. Mr. Thomas R. Cutler, the engineer in charge, accompanied

by seven others, residents of Utah and Idaho, among them Lewis W. Drake,

Burley; Norman Drake, Burley; Claude W. Cawley and Frank Martin,

Ogden; Archie Roberts, Hooper; Richard Young, Providence; and Henry

Thomas, Lehi, have been engaged by the Central Sugar Company, Ltd.,

a British institution, to aid in the efforts to establish the sugar industry in

England, where they are building a new sugar factory in Peterborough.

These Americans, who, by the bye, are members of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, have won the high esteem of the men laboring under them, and they have been employed because of their proficiency and the 3 94 IMPROVEMENT ERA

success of the industry in Utah and Idaho. Their methods will therefore

be introduced in Great Britain.

President and Mrs. Heber J. Grant spent two weeks of January visiting

in California. They went from Salt Lake to Cedar City, Utah, where they

attended the funeral services for President Henry W. Lunt. From Cedar

City, they went by automobile to Lund, and thence by train, in company with Mr. and Mrs. David P. Howells, to Los Angeles, remaining there a

week. On January 2, President Grant attended the Sunday school in the

Adams ward, and the services in the Huntington Park ward the same evening. The Sunday following, January 9, he was present at the conference

meeting of the missionaries in the morning; in the afternoon he attended the

services in the Home Gardens ward, and there dedicated a new meeting house;

and in the evening dedicated a new meeting house in the Lankershim ward.

The President spent some time visiting with friends and at golf, and returned home feeling well, after a most delightful trip. He reports a very encouraging and satisfactory growth in the Los Angeles stake and the California

mission during the last year.

Exempress Marie Charlotte, widow of Maximilian, the illfated pretender who was killed in Mexico in 1867, died at Brussels, Jan. 19, 1927,

of pneumonia, 86 years old. With her death, one of the most tragic characters makes her exit from the stage of history. She was married, when only

17 years of age, to Maximilian, the Austrian archduke, and they lived for a short time a most romantic life. Then, Napoleon III was induced, probably

by papal influence, to invade Mexico in support of the clerical party, and

Maximilian was induced to head the expedition and to proclaim himself emperor. His young wife, it is said, urged him on to this enterprise against

the struggle for liberty in Mexico. But he lost out, and when Charlotte

saw that the fatal end was approaching, she hastened to Europe and implored Napoleon, and other potentates, and finally the pope, not to abandon their tool in the hands of the Mexican liberals. But her appeals were

all in vain. In fact, they were powerless to save the man whom they had helped on to destruction. And, finally, after her fruitless humiliation before the

pope, she is said to have lost her reason, and was found wandering the streets of Rome, babbling incoherently. She has been tenderly cared for all

these years, first by her brother Leopold II, and then by the present Belgian royal family. The tragic end of all concerned in the Maximilian invasion of

Mexico is a striking testimony to the truth of the prophetic utterance in the

Book of Mormon, which positively states, that "he that raiseth up a king against me shall perish,"(2 Nephi 10:14.) That is just what Napoleon's

attempt in Mexico was. It was an effort against liberty and in favor of

despotism, particularly clerical. Napoleon was captured by the Germans,

Sept. 1, 18 70, and died in exile. Maximilian was killed by his enemies,

abandoned by his "friends,"June 19, 1867, and his wife lost her reason.

Bazaine, with 170,000 men, 6,000 officers and 3 marshals, surrendered

Metz to the Germans, for which in 1873 he was sentenced to death as a traitor, the sentence, however, being commuted to imprisonment. He fled

to Spain and died in exile. As for Pius IX, he lost every vestige of political

power when the Sardinians occupied Rome in 1870, and caused his holiness to consider himself a captive in the Vatican.

"I AM NOT RELIGIOUS"

By Lloyd O. Ivie

Not so long ago a young man said to me, "I am not religious."

I exclaimed in my heart, but not to him, "You know not what you say, or I am sure you would never say that."Then I asked, "Do

you know what religion means?"

There are various definitions in the minds of people, perhaps, as to just what religion means.

Yet, religion is life.

This means that religion is a vital power which touches every phase of human effort and activity. Morals, ethics, science—religion

embraces them all. Religion is older than all.

Religion implies, "Thou shalt not lie,""Thou shalt not steal,""Thou shalt not kill,""Thou shalt not bear false witness,""Thou shalt not covet."It also demands, "Honor thy father and thy mother,"

and "Do unto others as ye would that they should do unto you."

Then, he who says, "I am not religious,"would lie! He would

also steal! He might even kill; and why should he not covet? What

power could there be which would restrain him from dishonoring his father and mother?

As well might he say, "I am untrustworthy,""I will not tell you the truth,""I have no respect for my parents."

He who has said, "I am not religious,"may be likened unto a chimney sweep, who after having spent his life in soot and smoke would exclaim, "I"am not black."Or, he may be likened unto a

miller who would say, "There is no flour upon me."

He who rejects religion is in rebellion against truth. He denies

the power which created him. He spurns the very environment which

has constructed civilization. He ignores the very tree upon which he

has been born a leaf.

He tacitly testifies that he is ignorant and foolish, that he is stubborn and selfwilled. He stands as a witness that he would rather

have his own way than the right way. He has driven a poison sting

into his own flesh.

In fact, he who says. "I am not religious,"certainly does not

comprehend what he says; or it would be the last thing on earth

he would ever think of saying.

Lyman. Wyo.

For the New Year May Truth and Love my course decide, throughout the year to come;

Truth, the beacon light of life, goal of the race well run,

The never changing prize to seek, whose fulness makes us one,

With God, the Eternal Father, and Jesus Christ, his Son.

May Truth and Love abide with me, throughout this glad new year;

Love, the spirit that was His, dispelling hate and fear,

That priceless, tender, touch of Him who dries the widow's tear.

Restraining greed, uplifting life, and bringing Heaven near.

Oh, Truth is life eternal, for back to God 'twill lead,

And Love a light from Heaven brings, the soul and heart to feed,

These two encompass all the rest; I'll need no other creed,

If I but learn to live them well, and to their voice give heed.

Los Angeles, California. ERNEST W. BOSGIETER

IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1927.

Two Dollars per Annum

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter

Hcbcr J. Grant, Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr. Ipdito

Edward H. Anderson. J Moroni Snow, Assistant.

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1 103, Act of

October 3, IV 17. authorized on July 2, 1918

Portrait of Dr. Karl Gottfried Maeser Frontispiece

Educational Maxims of Dr. Maeser 305

Memory of Karl G. Maeser Honored. Illustrated 307

Recent Scientific Investigations Alton C. Melville 311

Bearing on the Book of Mormon L. A. Wilson 314

Joseph's Marriage in Egypt E. Cecil McGavin 315

To a Lost Friend. A Poem Minerva Pinkerton Troy 320

From Martin Luther to Joseph Smith L. Valess Dewey, M. A 321

Living. A Poem Nephi Jensen 325

An Individual Testimony of the Divinity of

Jesus Christ Martha E. Fuller 326

Yellow Flowers—D. C. Retsloff 328

To Measure Success. A Poem Bertha A. Kleinman 328

Teasing the Dog. A Story Ellen L. Jakeman 329

Faith. A Poem Claire Stewart Boyer 334

The Faith that Endured. Illustrated O. B. Peterson 335

Do Spare this Tree. A Poem Christen Hansen 341

To the Ancient Indian Hieroglyphics. Illustrated Fran& Beckwith 342

Reading the Book of Mormon 346

Waters of Sebus La Vern Wilkinson.—346

That Boy of Ours. A Poem F. M. Shafer 347

An International Science Conference. Illustrated Dr. Franklin S. Harris 348

Through All Eternity. A Poem C. C. Bush r 351

Westerners in Action. Illustrated Harrison R. Merrill 352

By Way of Compensation. A Story John Q. Adams 354

My Span of Years. A Poem, Sarah A. Nelson 359

Messages from the Missions. Illustrated 3 60

Outstanding Needs 3 70 Editors'is to Blame? 373 Table—Who

Reflections 374 Priesthood Quorums 376 Mutual Work 377 Passing Events 391 "I am Not Religious"Lloyd O. Ivie 395

For the New Year. A Poem Ernest W. Bosgieter 396

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the highest class of advertising. We recommend to our readers

the firms and goods found in our advertising pages.

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Keeley Ice Cream Co.

Bennett's Service Stations L. D. S. Business College

Bureau of Information LaSalle Extension University

Deseret Book Store Model Knitting Works

Peseret News Southern Pacific Lines

Fleischmann's Yeast Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

Jos. Wm. Taylor, Undertaker Zion's Cooperative Mctle. Inst.

HUMOROUS HINTS

at the sea was rough, Seasick—They were sea—

"You're not as sick as I,"said she, "No, but I feel so awful tough,

I'd hate even to yawn,"said he. A. H.

lie beneath the starry sky, A Difference—Some

And some there are who never lie. A. H.

Height of there's the girl who always carries a handkerchief to Modesty—Then

cover her knees when she sits down. Perrins.

As Understood—Stranger: "I represent a society for the suppression of profanity; I want to take profanity entirely out of your life, and—

Jones: "Hey, Mother! Here's a man who wants to buy our car."The Furrow.

La Salle Extension University.The World's Largest Business Training Institution

FIND YOURSELF THROUGH LASALLE LaSalle Extension University, Improvement Era or 214 Templeton Bldg., Salt Lake City, Ui h

I would welcome an outline of your SALARYDOUBLING PLAN, together with a copy of "Ten Years'Promotion in One,"all without obligation. I am

interested in field checked below:

Foreign BUSINESS MANAGEMENT: Q TRAFFIC Management Training for Official Managerial, and Domestic.

Sales and Departmental ExecuIndustrial Management, and ProForemanship Modern ACCOUNTANCY: HIGHERtive positions. Banking and Finance. Methods. duction Training for position as Auditor,

Comptroller, Certified Public 3 Personnel and Employment Man- |Accountant, etc. agement.

Station Management. 3 Railway SALESMANSHIP: 3 MODERN Law. Commercial Leading to position as Sales Executive, Salesman, Sales Coach Expert Bookkeeping.

or Trainer, Sales Promotion Business English.

Manager, Manufacturer's Agent, I Commercial Spanish.

Solicitor, and all positions in reEffective Speaking, tail, wholesale, or specialty C. P. A. Coaching for Advanced

selling. Accountants.

LAW: Training for Bar: LL.B. j? Degree. r ree

MODERN. BUSINESS CORRESttrrTTAT VT7 A T>C PONDENCE AND PRACTICE: 1 HiIN I HiAit5

Training for position as Sales "DTjn'MTk'TTrk'IM TINT or Collection Correspondent, ral/MU 1 lUil UN

Sales Promotion Manager, Mail mVTl?"Sales Manager, Secretary, etc. ONE

NAME... ADDRESS

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT BRA

LATTERDAY SAINTS GARMENTS From FACTORY direct to you. Made to ORDER Old or New Style.

Lowest Price. Highest Quality.

No. No. 209 All fine silk $5.00 24 Heavy bleached $2.20

4 Lt. flat weave 95 10 Med. 1/3 wool 2.75

11 Lt. cotton unbleached 1.40 16 Heavy 1/3 wool 3.75

20 Lt. cotton bleached 1.60 18 All Merino wool 5.50

60 Medium unbleached 1.65 59 Med. % silk % wool 7.00

22 Medium bleached 1.85 21 Light silk stripe wool 4.25

19 Heavy unbleached 2.00 25 Lt. Ms silk y2 wool 5.00

If Postal M. O. is inclosed with your order POSTAGE will be PREPAID

in U. S. Outside add 15c per garment.

Specify OLD or NEW Style, long or short legs or sleeves. Give these

MEASUREMENTS for all styles: Length, from top of shoulder to inside

ankle bone. Bust: Around body under arms. Sleeve: From shoulder seam

down to length desired. Double backs 20c extra per Garment.

APPROVED LABEL AND CORRECT PATTERNS

Model Knitting Works

Young Man Musician: "I'm glad you came to recital last night. During the

first part of the evening I felt that I was making a fool of myself."

Old Lady (intending to offer encouragement): "Everybody thinks—D. C.the R.same."

The absentminded man fell into the lake. His rescuers had a hard '.irne to

get him out.

When they finally succeeded he thanked them and gasped: "A very close shave,

indeed; and the worst of it, gentlemen, I've just remembered that I can swim."L. F.

Prohibition Officer: "What's your name?"Drunk: "Gustavisis Ijbre Hoodligxz Carciytgr Intogefketen—

Officer (putting book back into pocket): "Well, don't let it happen again."

F.—L.

YOU SHOULD NOT

HESITATE Delay often spells Regret Let us send one of our representatives.

He will explain the many liberal Protection features.

Call or Write

TRAVEL AND

Was. 550 Salt Lake City, Utah PEDISTRtAN

ACCIDENT INSURANCE

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Classes being formed New every day EnterAny Time Why attend the L. D. S. Business

College?

Best courses of study.

Best teachers, specially trained, experienced and successful

Best methods.

Best equipment.

Best returns for your time and money

L. D. S. Business College

SALT LAKE CITY "The School of BEST Results"

INDIVIDUAL SACRAMENT SETS

NOW IN STOCK

Best in the market

will last a life time—36 glasses in

each tray

RECOMMENDED BY PATRONS. REFERENCES FURNISHED

Mad especially for L. D. S. Churches, and successfully used In Utah

and InterMountain region, also in all Missions in the United States, Europe, and Pacific Islands. Basic metal, Nickel Silver, heavily plated with

Solid Silver.

SIMPLE, SANITARY, DURABLE Satisfaction guaranteed. Inquiries cheerfully answered.

ONE OF MANY ACKNOWLEDGMENTS Bishop's Office, Bern, Idaho, May 2, 1921.

"I am in receipt of the Individual Sacrament Set, consisting of four trays and the proper number of glasses.

"Everything arrived in good condition. We are very pleased with it.

I take this occasion to thank you for your kindness."

BUREAU OF INFORMATION Temple Block Salt Lak City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

A GROCER OF SALT LAKE CITY SAYS "For nearly three years I was troubled terribly with indigestion, having tried most everything recommended for indigestion and found very little relief in any of the medicines.

"A friend having been troubled with the same thing told me what wonderful results he had obtained through eating two cakes of Fleischmann's Yeast every day.

"I decided to give yeast a trial and much to my surprise found relief in a few weeks.

"I have now been eating Fleischmann's Yeast for eleven months and feel all new again, full of pep, good appetite, and all signs of indigestion gone.

"I am making Fleischmann'sYeast a part of my daily diet and can thoroughly recommend it to any one as a perfect health food."—J.

B. Barton, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Yeast will banish constipation, relieve indigestion, and clear the 3 skin. Eat it for your own health regularly before meals—2 or

cakes a day.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST At All Grocers Eat 2 or 3 Cakes a Day

LET'S KEELEY'S GO TO For Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner

Delicious Homelike Foods

Ice Cream and Frozen Dainties 40c Dinner Specials

Pies, Cakes, Sandwiches 50c Merchant's Lunches

Meat Pies, Tamales Cream of Wheat Waffles, 15c

Missionaries: Let Keeley's pack your box

of lunches for the train—Keeley's "Gems

Good Cookery,"packed to keep fresh—and

so economical!

CD.KEELET ICE CREAM

55So.Main 160 SaMain i QjGOSa State -Wfititers QmdyDepL

And 268 So. Main. Visit our Newly Remodeled Store at 260 So. State

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Years Resolution A New

4T0 BECOME BETTER ACQUAINTED WITH

THE DOCTRINES AND IDEALS OF THE

CHURCH."

CULTIVATE THE READING

HABIT NOW.

Get all your Church Books from us.

Deseret Book Company 44 East on South Temple

JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR

UTAH'S LEADING 1872 1927 UNDERTAKER Best Equipped for Calls Night or Day in or Out of the City

Price of Caskets at Your Suiting

Services the Latest Advancement

Phones Wasatch 7600, both Office and Residence 2125 South West Temple Street

Fire Is No Respecter of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town 9 '

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

That's what ETHYL GAS will do,

Make the Carbon work for you, Turn the Carbon into power.

Get extra Mileage without "Knocks"with

BENNETT'S ETHYL [RED] Gasoline

An Overall with a Classy Appearance y/toMfaineer EXPRESS STRIPE OVERALLS Guaranteed For Quality, Fit and Service.

A clean, neat appearing garment for the Store Clerk, the Flour Mill

Operator, the Dairyman, the Garage Man. the

Teamster.

None Too Large None Too Small

SO MANY REASONS WHY Is your# \ IT SHOULD BE rTDCT WE ISSUE THE BEST THERE IS IN llftiJl LIFE INSURANCE—

You Need Our Insurance Jftoioto& We Want Your Business

Beneficial Life Insurance Co., S??

Heber J. Grant, President Lorenzo N. Stohl, Manager SALT LAKE CITY