'resident anister uavi"June 1968

In this issue: Improvement

'a Iks Given at the April General Conference

SEE WHAT LDS BUSINESS COLLEGE Can Do For You

IBM COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY

With the nation in the midst of a computer explosion, many career opportunities belong to those qualified in the specialized fields of automation. LD's IBM 360 computer and

professional staff will give you the training and experience necessary to become successful in this new and growing field. R FERRIS KIRKHAM, M.S., C.P.A., President

MARKETING AND FASHION MERCHANDISING a At LD you also offer Few careers the opportunity for get the advantage of Quality"personal growth, career development and financial gain as do the fields of marketing and/or fashion merchanFACILITIES. Over $1 million in plant and equipment,

dising. LD's staff of professional featuring a sparkling new girls'dormitory, an electronic

instructors can provide you the pracsteno-lab, an IBM 360 computer for student's use, a tical skills needed for success in the latestlarge airconditionedin specialized classroomoffice machines,building,includingand the suchvery shortest possible time. famous names as IBM, Dictaphone, Ditto, Dura, Victor

SECRETARIAL SCIENCE Comptometer, Burroughs, Friden, Marchant, Olivetti, and Royal.

Qualify for a good paying secretarial career sooner at the LDS Business FACULTY. A professional faculty of 10 fulltime day

College. Our practical curriculum, school instructors—seven with Master's Degrees in their

personal development department, teaching specialty. Over 35 parttime instructors from

and experienced staff assure you of the business community, including attorneys, CPA's, specialists. Instructors teach and marketing computer

quality, variety, gaining the vital skills necessary for only to assure 20 hours and provide career success. time for individual counseling. Quarter leave is granted

ACCOUNTING AND faculty members to improve teaching skills.

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION SERVICE. You get the personal attention available only

If you're looking for one of the fastest at a small school. You learn in an atmosphere where

routes to an executive position, beacademic achievement and high standards of personal come an expert in the language of conduct are stressed. Our comprehensive training gets

business -accounting. The ability to you on the job sooner at a greater saving in time and

handle the financial segment of busimoney. Job opportunities for our graduates have never

ness can be learned thoroughly and tuition,been better.too! All these advantages are yours and lower

quickly under the Certified Public

Accountants at the LDS Business

College.

REGISTRATION SINCE1886 NONCOLLEGEPROFIT

Fall quarter begins September 17. Applications should be

in by July 31. Find out more about your Church Business

College now. Write the Dean of Students for a free catalog. 411 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

A special Improvement Era editorial for our Utah readers.

Liquorby-theDrink and You

Utah's citizens now have before them a proposal to the petition must be signed by at least 10 percent of the bring to Utah liquorby-thedrink. voters participating in the 1964 gubernatorial election in

the majority of Utah counties (15) by July 5.

Petition for Liquorby-theDrink If the necessary signatures are obtained and the

Is Now Being Circulated posal,majorityliquorby-thedrinkof voters in the willNovemberbecomeelectionlaw in favorthe statethe profive

Briefly, this is where the proposal stands: days after the Governor announces the results.

A petition providing for liquorby-thedrink has been If the petition does not receive the necessary 10 introduced by certain business interests. Utahns are now percent signatures in 15 counties before July 5, the liquorbeing asked to sign the petition. In order for the liquorby-thedrink proposal becomes dead.

bythe-drink proposal to be placed on the November ballot, The wording of the proposal cannot now be changed before July 5, nor before the November election should the necessary signatures be obtained.

STATEMENT BY PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY

OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF Informed Citizens Are

The Backbone of Our Democracy LATTERDAY SAINTS:

"Citizens of Utah are now being approached to These procedures are all part of the democratic prosign petitions to place on the November election cess. It is well to remember, too, that the strength of

ballot a socalled 'liquorby-thedrink'proposal. It our democracy lies in responsible, informed citizens. No

is said that this is being done in the name of creating one will deny that every voter should be informed on an enforceable law. candidates or issues on which he votes or signs.

It is, therefore, vital that every Utah citizen make "Let no one be misled concerning the real intent. sure he is adequately informed on the liquorby-thedrink

"The true purpose is to make liquor more easily petition before he decides to sign or not to sign.

available. Never before has there been an issue before the

"The complaint is made that enforcement is citizens of this state that could have more farreaching virtually impossible under the present law. If this is effect on you and your family.

true, the prevailing deplorable condition results from methodical removal of state enforcement machinery and practical nullification of local enforcement. Liquorby-thedrink Will Bring

"This situation can be remedied through legislaMounting Crime, Alcoholism, Traffic Deaths tive action to restore enforcement provisions or otherwise modify the present statute without the Consider these inevitable evils, and others, that come broad proposal now designed to make liquor freely with liquorby-thedrink:

available in hundreds of restaurants and eating Liquor Consumption Climbs. Liquor use rises as liquor

places throughout the state, and which, according becomes more available. Liquor sales are pushed even

to provisions of the proposed statute, would make it higher because of the bigger markup realized by those possible to serve drinks even without food. who sell liquorby-thedrink. (A 175% markup is considered

an average in many areas with liquorby-thedrink.) In Iowa,

"We may expect specious arguments emphasizduring the three fiscal years (196467) after liqubrby-theing economic benefits. A member of the First Presidrink became legal (on July 4, 1963), liquor sales increased

dency speaking in April Conference said, 'Surely 52.9%. It is well for persons employed in business to

every mother, father, and worthy citizen can see realize that dollars spent for alcohol cannot be used for the folly of this and what it would do to our youth. purchasing shoes, food, clothing, or other goods or services.

We must not sell our heritage for a mess of pottage.'Alcoholism Increases. Annual admissions for alcoholism

health institutes state four in Iowa's than mental more the throughout of the Church "I urge members liquorby-thedrink year before (the 1962 doubled between in safeguarding all interested citizens State, and legal) of the 1966. and end became with evils associated train of the avoiding and youth Studies the country across Mount. Deaths Highway for proposal the against stand to take alcohol, a

rise liquor gains. as deaths use that highway A show "drink.''liquor the by

for drivers of that California survey, example, shows 65% O. McKAY, DAVID

In per Iowa, rate drinking. killed the death 100 been had President

million miles was up 19% in 196466 (after LBD) over 196062 (before LBD).

Crime Gains. A study of 882 persons arrested during 3. Power breeds corruption. Under the proposal, the

or immediately after the commission of a felony in Columstate liquor commission would have "tremendous power"bus, Ohio showed: of the 882 persons arrested for crimes including the discretion of giving licenses and establishing

ranging from rape to robbery and murder, 72.7% had all rules, conditions, prices, discounts, exceptions, and

been drinking. variances. The proposal provides that there would be no

Welfare, Auto Insurance Increase. Because welfare appeal to the courts when the commission grants or revokes

cases often are related to drinking and alcoholism, costs a liquor license.

climb as consumption of alcohol increases. Automobile

insurance rates rise as highway accidents gain. Governor Says Utah's Summer

Other, Even Greater Costs. Of course the most damaging evils of liquorby-thedrink cannot be measured by Tourist Business Will Not be Seriously Affected

dollars. These are broken lives and shattered families. If it There have been those who have said that liquorby-

becomes law, the liquorby-thedrink proposal could bring thedrink would bolster Utah's tourist business. We believe

an almost limitless number of bars across the state, with the role of liquorby-thedrink in attracting tourists has bar tenders and bar maids eager to push sales of a bigbeen greatly exaggerated. Governor Calvin L. Rampton is

profit beverage. There would also come lurking "bar flies,"reported in the DESERET NEWS (May 2, 1968) as saying,

and often the added ugliness of more dope, prostitution, in reference to Utah's* summer tourism and the liquorby- and gambling. thedrink proposal: "I don't think it will make much difference."

Utah's Liquor Proposal "Would Some say that liquorby-thedrink may attract investOpen the State Wider... than Any Other"ments in ski lodgings and resort installations. Even if this

be true, are these installations worth the staggering price

But the proposal now before Utah's citizens is no Utahns would pay with liquorby-thedrink? Consider the

ordinary liquorby-thedrink act. Leading lawyers say it is extra cost through increased alcoholism alone. A study

much worse. for the United States Health, Education and Welfare DePaul G. Grant, assistant city attorney of Salt Lake City partment by Fenton E. Moss, University of Utah, in 1966

and counsel for the city's police department, has studied reported: "The average annual cost figure of $1,362 per

liquor laws across the nation. He writes, after a careful alcoholic is not considered an extravagant amount for

review of the Utah petition: public agencies to spend on alcoholic recipients."If the

"In conclusion, it is my contention and position that present number of alcoholics treated in Utah were doubled the passage of this act by the people of this state in as has been the case in Iowa, the annual additional cost conjunction with the Liquor Control Act of the State of Utah to Utah taxpayers, at this rate, could exceed $2,000,000.

presently on the books would open this state wider in liquor consumption than any other state in the union.

It is conceivable that Salt Lake County could have as many Proposal Presents a Menace as five or six hundred bars under the pretext of serving To Utah's Social Fabric food but nevertheless only interested in the sale of liquorby-thedrink."It has been noted that enforcement in some areas of

Oscar W. McConkie, Jr., prominent attorney and forliquor control is virtually impossible under Utah's present

mer president of the Utah State Senate, lists ten "pitfalls liquor law. This situation can and should be remedied

of the proposed legislation."Among them are these: through action of the Utah legislature.

1. Bars Introduced into Utah. He notes that despite Utah's citizens are now faced with a menace that,

the petition's disclaimer that the proposed law would if enacted into law, would be most damaging to the social "prevent the recurrence of abuses associated with the climate of our beloved state, to say nothing of the high saloon,"the proposal is specific in not requiring any food economic costs. That menace is the proposal for liquorto be served with alcoholic beverages. Such establishments bythe-drink. We believe that the best interests of this state

are generally called bars. They even fit the dictionary's will be served by treating the liquorby-thedrink proposal

definition of a saloon: "a place where alcoholic drinks are like cancer. The sooner the proposal is removed the better.

sold to be drunk on the premises; public bar."For these and other reasons, we believe informed

2. No Limit on Number of Liquor Outlets. Under Utah citizens will refuse to sign the petition asking that

the proposal, there is no limit on the number of establishthe liquorby thedrink proposal be placed on November ments licensed to sell liquorby-thedrink. ballot.

The Voice of the Church April June 1968 General Volume 71, No. 6

Conference Index SPEAKERS Church standards 2 Special Features

Counsel 88 Bennion, Lowell L. 90 Decisions 41 2 Editor's Page: Christ the Light of Humanity, David 0. McKay

Benson, Ezra Taft 68 Drugs 37 Brown, Hugh B. 33 Education 31, 33, 90, 10 The Church in Italy, William T. Sykes

Brown, Victor L. 84 102, 112

Christiansen, EIRay L. Eternal Life 40, 65, 66 17 Effects of Alcohol and Tobacco

104 Faith 71 Cullimore, James A. 61 Family 71, 88 18 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 2, May We See Your

Dunn, Paul H. 110 Freedom 68

R. Dyer, Alvin 41 Girls 96 Credentials? (continued), Dr. Hugh Nibley

Evans, Richard L. 88 God 76

71 Marion D. Hanks, Good and evil 50 114 Adventures in Adoption, Vernon Lynn Tyler

Hinckley, Gordon B. 48 Government 79 28113 GENERAL CONFERENCE ADDRESSES 79 Hunter, Howard W. Healing 100

Kimball, Spencer W. 81 Holy Ghost 63

Lee, Harold B. 102 Home teaching 66

Longden, John 108 Jesus the Christ 2, 44,

Bruce McConkie, R. 46 65, 66, 98, 100

0. McKay, David 46, Joseph Smith 98 Regular Features

Monson, Thomas2, 31,S. 100112 LawLife, purpose of 7956 24 Lest We Forget: Early Palmyra Pageants, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Packer, K. 58 Boyd Light and truth 50 116 The LDS Scene E. Petersen, Mark 76 71, 106 Love

Richards, Franklin D. 43 Military service 58 118 The Presiding Bishopric's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth Richards, LeGrand 98 Missionaries 98

Marion Romney, G. 94 Morality 96 About Reverence, John H. Vandenberg

Sill, Sterling W. 44 Parents 88, 106

Robert Simpson, L. 96 Patience 43, 108

G. Smith, Eldred 65 Peace 94 120 Today's Family: June Pride, Florence B. Pinnock

Smith, Joseph Fielding 40 112 Prayer 40,

Sonne, Alma 90, 63 Preparedness 108 124 The Church Moves On

Stapley, Delbert Eldon N. Tanner, L. 3750 RepentanceRebirth 4194 126 Teaching: Teaching Is More Than Telling, Lyman C. Berrett

D. Taylor, Henry 44, 56 Restoration 63

Tuttle, A. Theodore 106 61, Resurrection 2, 65 128 Buffs and Rebuffs

Vandenberg, Salvation John H. 66 46, 94 130 These Times: International Cooperation Reexamined, Dr. G. Homer Young, S. Dilworth 58, 48, 86 Servicemen

SUBJECTS Selfcontrol 73, 110100 Durham

Seventies 86 Alcohol 37 Sovereignty 79 132 End of an Era

Allegiance 60, 79 Temples 104 America 68, 76 98 109, 123, 125, 128 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans Testimony

Apostasy 44 Tithing 81 Atheism 76 Tobacco 37 Atonement 61 War 48, 58 Bishops 84 Word of Wisdom 37 Book of Mormon 46 56 Era of Youth Work

Church schools 33 Youth 31, 33, 90 133144 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

at.were: the conference speaking Note: Not President Fiction, Poetry

B. counselor Thorpe Presidency; Isaacson, in the First

Elders William J. Critchlow, Jr., Theodore M. Burton, 6 Can You Teach Johnny to Pray? Jane Jamison

P. Brockbank, Bernard Assistants the Twelve; to and

Rector, Presidents Milton R. Hunter, Jr., 9, 20, 91, 95, 105, 122, 123, 129, 132 Poetry Hartman

Loren C. Dunn of the First Council of the Seventy.

Cover Note

President David 0. McKay (born September 8, 1873) and Emma

Rae Riggs McKay (born June 23, 1877) have been married since

January 2, 1901. Sweethearts for more than 67 years, they are still

tender, attentive, and solicitous of each other's welfare. This lovely

photograph was taken in March of this year by Merritt Smith of Jay

Lynn Studio in Salt Lake City.

DavidEleanorEra of O.YouthKnowles.McKayAssociateandWilliamRichardEditor;T. Sykes,L,RalphEvans,EditorialReynolds,Editors:Associates;ArtDoyleDirector;L. Green,FlorenceNormanManagingB. F.Pinnock,Price,Editor;StaffToday'sAlbertArtist.FamilyL. Zobell,Editor;Jr., MarionResearchD. Hanks,Editor; EraMabelof JonesYouth Gabbott,Editor; ElaineJay M.Cannon,Tadd,

G.G.ManagerCarlosHomer Smith,andDurham,SubscriptionJr., GeneralFranklinDirector;Manager:S. Harris,ThayerFlorenceJr., HughEvans,S. Jacobsen,Nibley,S. GlennSidneyAssociateSmith,B. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneral AlbertManager;Representatives.L. Payne,Verl F.ContributingScott, BusinessEditors.Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Acting Business

Superintendent, of Mutual Latterday Improvement Young Association The of Saints, and the by ofMen's Christ Associations MutualGeneral of of reserved.Christ Latterday The Improvement Subscription Jesus a advance; 1968.$3.00

years, Churchyears. subscriptions, 2 year. a threeyear $8.25; $5.75: 3 price;price, Allyearof Saints.$2.50Church each for to single succeeding the rightsJesusadded inexcept 35 year,publishedcopy, multiplespecial issues. Associations. Improvement MutualOfficial Priesthood Quorums, the organ of

Office, Salt for at as class the matter. Utah, for at Lake second special rate of in section provided mailing anci Acceptance postage 1103, School System Church Music Committee, Teaching Committee,

July authorized Enteredact October City,2, 1918. Post1917, Saints. of Latter of of day Christ Jesus ChurchotherHome agencies The

is for not ofImprovement responsible paid contributions. are but Manuscripts for manuscripts welcomes on acceptance and must be

for delivery postage by unsolicitedand for slip days'required notice of please include address. a ordering change, of from address issue the recent return.When magazine. Address

well is old included. thechange unless the as as be address cannot sufficientEraismade TheaccompaniedThirtychanges new aone City. Salt Era, State, Lake South Utah 84111The Improvement 79

June 1968 Because of the importance of President McKay's opening conference address, and with his permission, we present it as his Editor's Page this month.

Christ, the Light of Humanity By President David O. McKay

(Read by his son David Lawrence McKay)

My dear brethren and sisters, and nesses of God; because we have testiIt was, therefore, a new and glorious

friends of the radio and television fied of God that he raised up message that the angel gave to the audience: At this moment there is just Christ...."(1 Cor. 15:1415.) woman who, fearfully and lovingly,

one supreme wish in my heart. It is He who can thus testify of the had approached the sepulcher in which

that the Spirit of the Lord and of this living Redeemer has his soul anchored Jesus had been buried: "... Ye seek

great conference may be felt in every in eternal truth. In our time, the Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucihome and in every heart in the Church, most direct confirmation that Jesus fied: he is risen; he is not here...."

as well as in the hearts and homes rose from the grave is the appearance (Mark 16:6.)

of all peoples everywhere who may of the Father and the Son to the If a miracle is a supernatural event come within the radius of the broadProphet Joseph Smith, eighteen hunwhose antecedent forces are beyond casts of the various sessions, which dred years after the event Christendom man's finite wisdom, then the resurwill be carried worldwide. will celebrate this Easter. rection of Jesus Christ is the most

I pray lor the blessings of the Lord, That the spirit of man passes stupendous miracle of all time. In

not only during this session, but triumphantly through the portals of it stand revealed the omnipotence of throughout all of the sessions of this death into everlasting life is one of God and the immortality of man.

138th annual conference of the the glorious messages given by Christ, The resurrection is a miracle, howChurch. our Redeemer. To him this earthly ever, only in the sense that it is beMy heart is filled with thanksgiving career is but a day, and its closing but yond man's comprehension and underfor our blessings and for God's great the setting of life's sun; death, but a standing. To all who accept it as a

love for his children. The older I sleep, is followed by a glorious awakfact, it is but a manifestation of a

grow, the more grateful and impressed ening in the morning of an eternal uniform law of life. Because man

I am with the glorious truths and realm. When Mary and Martha saw does not understand the law, he calls

great possibilities and opportunities of their brother only as a corpse in it a miracle. Someday man's enlightthe gospel of Jesus Christ. the dark and silent tomb, Christ saw enment may bring this momentous

I appreciate the loyalty, faith, him still a living being. This fact event out of the dusk of mystery into

brotherly love, and prayers of the he expressed in just two words: the broad day of understanding.

membership of this Church. Realizing "Lazarus sleepeth."(See John 11:11.) That the literal resurrection from

the great responsibility that rests upon If everyone participating in Easter the grave was a reality to the disciples me this morning in giving to the services knew that the crucified Christ who knew Christ intimately is a cerChurch a message at a general conactually rose on the third day from the tainty. In their minds there was

ference, I earnestly pray for his guidtomb, that after having greeted others absolutely no doubt. They were witance and for your faith and prayers. and mingled with others in the spirit nesses of the fact. They knew, be-

I extend a hearty welcome to all world his spirit did again reanimate cause their eyes beheld, their ears present in this historic Tabernacle, his pierced body, and after sojourning heard, their hands felt the corporeal erected on Temple Square by our among men for the space of 40 days presence of the risen Redeemer.

pioneers 100 years ago, and to all who he ascended a glorified soul to his At Jesus'death, the apostles were may be listening in, and pray that Father, what benign peace would stricken with gloom. When he lay

God's blessings may be with each of come to souls now troubled with doubt dead, their hopes all but died. Their

you in rich abundance. and uncertainty! intense grief, the evident preparation

On April 14, there will be celeOn the reality of the resurrection in for a permanent burial, combined to brated throughout Christendom the the minds of the apostles, the beginillustrate the prevalence of a fear that greatest event of all history—the resurning of early Christianity was founded. the redemption of Israel had failed.

rection of Jesus Christ. In speaking of For over four thousand years man had Notwithstanding the oftenrepeated

that event, the Apostle Paul declared: looked into the grave and had seen assurances of Christ that he would re-

"... if Christ be not risen, then is only the end of life. Of all the milturn to them after death, the apostles

our preaching vain.... lions who had entered therein, not did not seem fully to comprehend it.

"Yea, and we are found false witone had ever returned. At the crucifixion, they were frightened

Improvement Era

and discouraged. For two and oneHim!"(Joseph Smith 2:17.) If we desire to learn the ideal life

half years they had heen upheld and Later, speaking of the reality of this to lead among our fellowmen, we can inspired by Christ's presence. But now vision, he testifies as follows: find a perfect example in the life of

he was gone. They were left alone, and "... I had seen a vision; I knew it, Jesus. Whatsoever our noble desires,

they seemed confused, fearful, helpless. and I knew that God knew it, and I our lofty aspirations, our ideals in any

The world would never have been could not deny it, neither dared I do phase of life, we can look to Christ stirred by men with such wavering, it; at least I knew that by so doing I and find perfection. So, in seeking a

doubting, despairing minds as the would offend God, and come under standard for moral manhood, we need apostles possessed on the day of the condemnation."(Joseph Smith 2:25.) only to go to the Man of Nazareth

crucifixion. Confirming the irrefutable testimony and in him find embodied all virtues

What was it that suddenly changed of Christ's early apostles, The Church that go to make the perfect man.

these disciples to confident, fearless, of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints The virtues that combined to make heroic preachers of the gospel of Jesus proclaims the glorious vision of the this perfect character are truth, justice,

Christ? It was the revelation that Prophet Joseph Smith: wisdom, benevolence, and selfcontrol.

Christ had risen from the grave. His "And now, after the many testiHis every thought, word, and deed

promises had been kept, his messianic monies which have been given of him, were in harmony with divine law and, mission fulfilled. In the words of an this is the testimony, last of all, which therefore, true. The channel of comeminent writer, "The final and absowe give of him: That he lives! munication between him and the

lute seal of genuineness has been put "For we saw him, even on the right Father was constantly open, so that on all his claims, and the indelible hand of God; and we heard the voice truth, which rests upon revelation, was

stamp of a divine authority upon all bearing record that he is the Onlv always known to him.

his teachings. The gloom of death had Begotten of the Father."(D&C 76:22His ideal of justice is summed up in

been banished by the glorious light 23.) the admonition: "Do unto others as

of the presence of their Risen, GloriIn the light of such unimpeachable you would have others do unto you."

fied Lord and Savior."testimony as given by the ancient (See Matt. 7:12.) His wisdom was so

On the evidence and testimony of apostles'testimony, dating from a few broad and deep that it comprehended these unprejudiced, unexpectant, inyears subsequent to the event itself; the ways of men and the purposes of

credulous eyewitnesses of the risen in the light of that most marvelous God. The apostles could not always

Christ, faith in the resurrection has its revelation in this age of the living comprehend the significance and impregnable foundation. Christ, it seems difficult indeed to depth of some of his simplest sayings;

The direct evidence that the tomb understand how men can still reject the lawyers could not entrap him, nor did not hold Jesus is threefold: (1) the him and can doubt the immortality of get the better of him in a discussion or

marvelous transformation in the spirit man. "How can we know the way?"argument; the greatest teachers were

and work of his disciples; (2) the asked Thomas, as he sat with his but pupils in his presence. Every act

practically universal belief of the early fellow apostles and their Lord at the that is recorded of his short, though

Church, as recorded in the Gospels; table after the supper on the memoeventful, life was one of benevolence

and (3) the direct testimony of Paul, rable night of the betrayal; and that comprehends charity and love.

the earliest New Testament writer. Christ's divine answer was: "I am the His selfcontrol, whether exemplified

In the very beginning of this disway, the truth, and the life...."in his power over his appetites and

pensation of the fulness of times, the (John 14:5-6.) And so he is! He is the passions or his dignity and poise when

14year-old Joseph Smith said: source of our comfort, the inspiration before his persecutors, was perfect—it

"... I saw two Personages, whose of our life, the author of our salvawas divine.

brightness and glory defy all description. If we want to know our relationNow, what arc the teachings of the

tion standing above me in the air. ship to God, we go to Jesus Christ. If Church regarding these virtues and all

One of them spake unto me, calling we would know the truth of the imthey comprehend? If the Church fails

me by name and said, pointing to the mortality of the soul, we have it to make men true, fails to foster moral other This is My Beloved Son. Hear exemplified in the Savior's resurrection. manhood, then there is no reason for

June 1968 its existence, and its pretention to be est in our dealings—in our buying as character. A benevolent man is kind

Christ's Church is a farce. well as in our selling. It means that and true to his family, is active for

No man can be a true member of an honest debt can never be outlawed, good in his city and state, and is a this Church and not love truth. Being and that a man's word is better than faithful worker in the Church.

true is a fundamental doctrine of the his bond. It means that we will be Great as are these virtues I have

Church. When we stop to consider honest in our dealings with the Lord, named, they do not seem so practical

what this means, we begin to realize for "true honesty takes into account and applicable to daily life as the what an important element in charthe claims of God as well as those of virtue of selfcontrol. It is as imposacter building truth is. A man who man; it renders to God the things sible to think of moral manhood apart

is true is upright, is conscientious, is that are God's, as well as to man the from selfcontrol as to separate sunhonorable in all his dealings; he is things that are man's."light from the day. Selfcontrol

faithful in fulfilling his obligations; Wisdom: "... seek ye diligently and means the government and regulation

he is trustworthy and diligent in the teach one another words of wisdom; of all our natural appetites, desires,

performance of duty; he is true to himyea, seek ye out of the best books words passions, and affections; and there is

self and, therefore, to his fellowmen of wisdom; seek learning, even by nothing that gives a man such strength

and to his God. study and also by faith."(D&C of character as the sense of selfAs for justice, all the teachings of 88:118.) Such is the commandment of conquest, the realization that he can

the Church cry out against injustice, the Lord given to this generation make his appetites and passions serve and its condemnation is most severe through the Prophet Joseph Smith, and him and that he is not a servant to upon him who oppresses his brother. the full significance of it may be more them. This virtue includes temperance,

Members are admonished to use their fully realized when we know that abstinence, bravery, fortitude, hopefulauthority justly, for "the powers of man's eternal salvation—God's greatness, sobriety, chastity, independence,

heaven cannot be controlled nor est gift to man—is dependent upon his tolerance, patience, submission, contihandled only upon the principles of knowledge; for "it is impossible for a nence, purity.

righteousness."(D&C 121:36.) Justice man to be saved in ignorance."(D&C One of the most practical teachings

is rendering to every man his due. To 131:6.) Wisdom is the right use of of the Church regarding this principle

be just, one must of necessity be honknowledge and comprehends judgment, is the Word of Wisdom. It is true.

est, fair, and impartial. He will be discrimination, prudence, discretion, It deals principally with the appetite.

respectful and reverential. It is imand study. "To know is not to be You show me a man who has compossible for a man to be just and at the wise,"says Spurgeon. "Many men plete control over his appetite, who

same time be disrespectful or irrevknow a great deal and are all the can resist all temptations to indulge erent, for when disrespectful or greater fools for it. There is no fool in stimulants, liquor, tobacco, mariirreverent, he is unjust in not giving so great a fool as a knowing fool. But juana, and other vicious drugs, and I

respect and reverence where they are to know how to use knowledge is to will show you a youth or man who merited. True manhood possesses have wisdom."has likewise developed power to conjustice and is an attribute of the divine Benevolence in its fullest sense is the trol his passions and desires.

nature. sum of moral excellence, and compreAs I have read recently of the

Honesty, as included in justice, is the hends every other virtue. It is the prevalent use of these drugs among

first virtue mentioned in the Church's motive that prompts us to do good to our high school and university stuthirteenth Article of Faith. It is imposothers and leads us to live our life dents and others, I have become

sible to associate manhood with disfor Christ's sake. All acts of kindness, greatly alarmed. With all my heart

honesty. To be just with one's self, of selfdenial, of selfdevotion, of for- I warn the youth of our Church and

one must be honest with one's self and giveness, of charity, of love, spring of this nation that they will lose their with others. This means honesty in from this divine attribute. So when manhood and womanhood if they

speech as well as in actions. It means we say "we believe in being benevoyield to this enticement of Satan. A

to avoid telling halftruths as well as lent,"we declare a belief in all the person who indulges his appetites, untruths. It means that we are honvirtues that go to make a Christlike either secretly or otherwise, has a

Improvement Era

character that will not serve him when me."(John 21:19.) With that neverGod is a personal being and is, indeed,

he is tempted to indulge his passions. failing light, those 12 humble men our Father whom we can approach in

The sexual impurity of the world succeeded in changing the course of prayer and receive answers thereto.

today is the result of the loss of true human relations. My testimony of the risen Lord is just

manhood through indulgence. UnJesus'teachings may be applied just as real as Thomas', who said to the

chaste thoughts have bred unchaste as efficaciously to social groups and resurrected Christ when he appeared words, and unchaste words, unchaste national problems as to individuals, if to his disciples: "My Lord and my

acts. In the teachings of the Church, men would only give them a trial. In God."(John 20:28.) I know that he

next to the crime of murder comes that our efforts to develop true manhood, lives. He is God made manifest in the

of adultery, and sexual unchastity. If we must accept Christ as the Way, the flesh; and I know that "there is none

the members of the Church will reTruth, and the Life. He is the Light other name under heaven given among

main true to their belief in chastity, of Humanity. In that light man sees men, whereby we must be saved."

and will develop true manhood his way clearly. When it is rejected, (Acts 4:12.)

through practicing selfcontrol in other the soul of man stumbles in darkness. I know that he will confer with his

ways, they will stand as beacon lights It is a sad thing when individuals and servants who seek him in humility and whose rays will penetrate a sinstained nations extinguish that light—when in righteousness. I know because I

world. We are indeed living in a trouChrist and his gospel are supplanted have heard his voice, and I have reblous age, and many people in the by the law of the jungle and the ceived his guidance in matters perChurch, as well as millions in the strength of the sword. The chief taining to his kingdom here on earth.

world, are stirred with anxiety; hearts tragedy in the world at the present I know that his Father, our Creator,

are heavy with feelings of foreboding. time is its disbelief in God and his lives. I know that they appeared to

At the crucifixion of Christ, a little goodness. the Prophet Joseph Smith and revealed

group of men faced a future that was The gospel, the glad tidings of great to him the revelations which we now just as threatening and foreboding to joy, is the true guide to mankind; and have recorded in the Doctrine and

them as that which the world faces that man or woman is happiest and Covenants and in other Church works.

today. Their future, so far as Christ's most content who lives nearest to its This knowledge is as real to me as

triumph on earth was concerned, teachings, which are the antitheses of that which occurs in our daily lives.

seemed all but blighted. They had hatred, persecution, tyranny, dominaWhen we lay our bodies down at

been called and set apart to be "fishers"tion, injustice—things which foster night, we know—we have an assurof men, and to Peter had been given tribulation, destruction, and death ance—that the sun will rise in the

the keys of the kingdom. throughout the world. What the sun morning and shed its glory over all

Notwithstanding all this, in that in the heavenly blue is to the earth the earth. So near to me is the knowlhour of despondency, when the resurstruggling to. get free from winter's edge of Christ's existence and divinity

rected Christ said to Peter, the disgrip, so the gospel of Jesus Christ is of this restored Church.

couraged leader of the Twelve, who to the sorrowing souls yearning for Members of The Church of Jesus had turned to his old vocation of fishsomething higher and better than manChrist of Latterday Saints are under ing: "Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou kind has yet found on earth. obligation to make the sinless Son of

me more than these?"Peter answered, What a glorious condition will be in Man their ideal—the One Perfect

"Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love this old world when it can truthfully Being who ever walked the earth.

thee."Said the Lord, "Feed my sheep."be said to Christ, the Redeemer of God bless the Church, particularly

(John 21:1516.) On that occasion mankind, "All men seek for thee."our young people who are going to

Peter became conscious of his re- (Mark 1:37.) Selfishness, envy, hamaintain its standards. God bless

sponsibility, not only as a fisher of tred, lying, stealing, cheating, disfathers and mothers and teachers who men, but also as a shepherd of the obedience, quarreling, and fighting instill this faith in the hearts of the flock. It was then that he sensed among nations will then be no more! youth and proclaim it throughout the

finally and completely the full meanBrethren and sisters, I have cherworld, I pray in the name of Jesus ing of the divine injunction, "Follow ished from childhood the truth that Christ. Amen. O

June 1968 Can You Teach JohnnyTo Pray?

Ellen Blair sat motionless. Aimlessly her eyes folshe had wanted to fix these pictures forever in her

lowed the delicate patterns on the wall made by the mind! But each new stage replaced the last, and

first rays of the morning sun as it filtered through the Robert showed an eagerness for all sorts of activity.

glass doors on the hospital corridor. The sparrows Primary classes provided new growth, and the Cub

in the cypress tree outside the window had begun their twittering, and she realized the long night's vigil had passed.

A deep ache filled her heart. She was grateful to

have her husband, Michael, beside her. It was he

who had answered the telephone call last night that had summoned them to Valley Hospital. The brief

explanation was that there had been an automobile accident following the commencement exercises at the high school. Their son Robert, still in his cap

and gown, had been seriously injured.

Ellen blinked as if to blot out the image of the still, white face of her oldest son, lying unconscious on the elevated pillows in the emergency room.

"Concussion, skull fracture,"the doctor had said.

"The spinal tap showed blood in it, so we must do a craniotomy right away to try to locate the bleeding.

If we can stop the hemorrhage, there is a chance;

if not—"But he had not continued.

They had sat in the waiting room through the long hours, each praying silently. Ellen trembled as the

realization of her son's serious condition again enveloped her.

Suddenly an unexpected commotion broke the quiet of the early dawn. It was Johnny Hansen,

Robert's closest friend, who dashed through the swinging door. His tousled brown hair showed a quick

combing. His white shirt, not completely tucked in,

gave evidence of his rush.

"I just heard about Bob! How bad—"

Seeing the anxiety in the faces before him, he did not finish his question. Ellen tried to explain the pack brought wider fields to explore.

seriousness of Robert's injuries, but her voice broke About this time the Hansens moved next door. In

and she gave way to quiet crying. Michael carried on. a neighborly way she sent Robert over with a plate of

As their whispering voices became a monotone, cookies, and in return he brought Johnny home with

Ellen's thoughts drifted back over the years since that him.

August day 18 years ago, when Robert was born in It was not until a few days passed that she realized this same hospital.... how much Johnny's environment was unlike Robert's.

He had been such a redfaced little mite, as scrawny The ideals and standards were quite the reverse in as a baby bird. How quickly the time had passed! It Johnny's home. Drinking, smoking, and foul lanseemed only yesterday that he was fumbling and guage were commonplace, and religion played no part

struggling over his new tricycle, still tied with Christat all in their way of life. She was reluctant to have

mas ribbons. Before there had been time to think Robert cultivate this friendship, but the two boys

about it, Robert had gone to his first day of school, a seemed drawn together like magnets.

little frightened, perhaps, but quite grown up in new Since Johnny was three years older than Robert, he blue jeans and red corduroy shirt. How many times was more mature and became an ideal in the eyes of

Improvement Era

Jane Smith Jamison, counselor in the Giendale (California)

West Ward Relief Society, is the mother of four children, serves parttime as a dental assistant to her husband, and wrote her story after a similar experience in her family.

A gripping short story by Jane Jamison

her eightyear-old. They were always together. Then, "Yeah, I guess so."

in a child's most natural way, Johnny began to go to "Jesus said that whatever righteous desire we ask

Primary with Robert. for in prayer, if we believe, we will receive it."

One day the two boys came racing home from "He did?"

Primary, Johnny in the lead until they reached the "Yes. Prayer is not only words; it is talking with

door. Then he shyly stood behind it while Robert our Heavenly Father. Have you heard the hymn we

anxiously grasped her hand, pulled her into the hallsing at church that says, 'Prayer is the soul's sincere way, and whispered into her ear. desire'?"She hummed a few strains of the hymn.

"Mom, can you teach Johnny to pray?""Yeah."

The unexpected request brought a lump to her "You know, Mom, they sang it at Primary conferthroat when she looked at this shy, sensitive boy who ence,"Robert commented, wanting to help with this normally bluffed his way with a rough exterior. He important project.

had been asked to give the opening prayer in Primary "There are certain words we use in praying to show the next Wednesday. reverence and respect, such as thee and thou, and thy

"Of course we will help Johnny."and thine. One of the first things we express in

She went into the living room, and the boys folprayer is our thankfulness for our many blessings. You

lowed her. know what your blessings are, I'm sure."

"You know what prayer really is, don't you, "I guess everything good is a blessing,"JohnnyJohnny?"answered. -

June 1968 Together they wrote out a very brief outline for a peared reluctant to leave, she asked, "Would you like prayer, and Johnny agreed to work on it. to join us?"

The following Wednesday when Robert came Johnny nodded and had just fallen to his knees home from Primary, he was not his usual, exuberant beside Robert when Mr. Hansen's bellowing voice

came through the open window. "Johnny! Johnny!

Where is that goodfor-nothing kid? He better get

home or—"She saw the red creep up the boy's neck as he murmured, "I gotta go."

Obviously dreading the encounter with his father, he slipped out the back door.

The summer Robert was ordained to the priesthood,

Johnny asked if he might be baptized. The bond between the boys seemed stronger than ever, and soon

Johnny was also ordained a deacon. She remembered

when he asked her husband, Michael, to explain a quotation he had heard in his quorum meeting: "...

no man taketh this honour unto himself, but he that is called of God, as was Aaron."

"Even Jesus Christ himself had to be called of God,

Johnny. He left the priesthood on the earth with his

apostles, and they used it until there was a great apostasy of Christ's Church,"Michael had patiently explained. "Then how come we have it now?"asked Johnny.

"You know the story of Joseph Smith?"

Sure. "Well, in 1829 the priesthood was restored to Joseph by a heavenly messenger,"Michael had continued.

"You mean it was passed down to us from the

Prophet?"

it at the same time."—they"Fromboththe receivedProphet Joseph Smith or Oliver Cowdery

Michael had felt some reservation about the young boy's comprehension of the priesthood and its true self, and the absence of Johnny was noticeable. Ellen purpose, but he appreciated the boy's concern for

could not help asking, "Robert, how did Johnny get it....

along with the opening prayer?"But Robert evaded Soon after Johnny had been ordained a priest, he

the question. With a shrug he went to his room. was asked to administer the sacrament in Sunday

Although perturbed, Ellen did not pursue the subSchool. When he refused, his priests quorum adviser

ject, but she asked Sister Lindley, the Primary presitold him it was very simple: the card with the prayer

dent, about it when she met her the next day at the written on it would be on the sacrament table, and market. he could read it, so he finally reluctantly agreed.

"Oh, he tried,"she said, "but he was so frightened The first young priest blessed the bread. Then it

after muttering a few inaudible words, he turned and was Johnny's turn to bless the water. He began

ran out the door."falteringly, then stopped. He had misread the words.

Her thoughts drifted next to the summer evening Again he started, and again he misread the words.

when Johnny was at their home at dinner time. She The bishop asked him to repeat it, and a third time he

and Michael gathered their children around the dinner started, then faltered and stopped. There was a

table to kneel for family prayer. Since Johnny aptenseness in the air that could be felt throughout the

8 Improvement Era congregation. Then suddenly Johnny stood up, gratitude for all that Robert had meant to him and

crimsonfaced, and left the chapel, while the other for the teachings that had found a place, bit by bit, priest quietly took his place and.gave the blessing on in his life. With firm conviction, he pleaded for the

the water. It was many weeks before Johnny came life of his friend. "... but in all things, Father in

back to church. heaven,"he prayed, "even in this, we ask that thy will,

The Blairs had wondered what changes would take not ours, be done, but give us the wisdom to underplace when Johnny was graduated from high school. stand...."

Would the friendship that had developed between The door opened. It was Dr. Klein, still in his

these two boys fade? But college life did not spoil surgical gown. "Dr. Snow just talked to me. We have

the admiration Johnny held for his young friend, and done all we can do. I'm sorry,"Dr. Klein said softly.

it was during the first semester of his second year that From years of habit the doctor automatically placed he had written Robert of his thrill at meeting the girl his fingers on his patient's wrist. He hesitated, then

he planned to marry, He had added, "She is a wonhastily but gently pulled back the sheet and placed derful girl, Bob, and a member of the Church. We his stetiioscope on the boy's chest. Several times he

wonder if your parents would go with us when we are shifted the stethoscope. He looked puzzled, and the

married in the temple."furrows deepened between his shaggy brows.

Ellen and Michael did accompany Johnny and his For many seconds no word was spoken. Then he

young bride to the temple. And as she saw them abruptly ordered the nurse, "Replace the oxygen tent."

kneeling at the altar, she heard again in her mind Ellen heard in her mind once more, "Mom, can you

Robert's childish plea, "Mom, can you teach Johnny teach Johnny to pray?"O

to pray?"...

Ellen was snapped abruptly back to reality as the white stretcher was wheeled down the hall. Terrible

fear gripped her again as she looked at Robert's still form, his head swathed in bandages. Helplessly she

looked at Michael, then at Johnny. A tear was

trickling down his cheek.

The stretcher was wheeled into a room and the door closed behind it. When it opened again the two men

in white wheeled the empty stretcher out, and a nurse came to the door. Dawn—Off Kittery Point

"Dr. Klein, the specialist, is still in surgery, but By Ora Pate Stewart

he'll be here soon to talk with you. Dr. Snow is coming now,"she said, nodding toward the doctor coming You knoiv that it must fall apart,

down the hall. Yet something clutches at the heart;

Both the doctor and nurse stepped into the room How can a beauty, transient, fleeting, and again closed the door, leaving Michael, Ellen, and Set a?; old heart to throbbing, beating?

Johnny waiting in the hall. Much as a harp long laid aside

Time seemed to stand still; then Dr. Snow reRemembers the song when sound has died.

appeared and indicated that they should come in. His And waits for the fingers to return,

deep voice, though hardly above a whisper, seemed A heart will wait; a heart will yearn.

like the roar of a lion when he said, "Your son is The great waves rise to meet the sun.

not responding. I will call Dr. Klein, but I'm afraid One moment sea and sky are one.

it might be too late."Sighting a prey, a lone gull swings

"Why? Oh, why?"Ellen sobbed. Swift to the catch: Daivnburnished wingsIt was Johnny's voice she heard now, faltering, A birdbrooch, perfect in form and feather-

"Please, could I pray for him?"Pinning the sea and sky together!

Not knowing exactly what to do, Johnny knelt Quick! Close your eyes, heart; face the wind!

clumsily beside the bed. The words came from the You mustn't watch it come unpinned!

very depth of his soul, direct and meaningful, in

June 1968 On November 10, 1966, a little group of Saints and missionaries, led by Elder Ezra Taft Benson of ithe Council of the Twelve, moved The Church slowly up the side of a mountain gospel can prosper only in an among most Italians that the overlooking a beautiful green valatmosphere of freedom and liberty, Church in Salt Lake City was ley in the Piedmont area of northand so we pray that this land may alerted. Arrangements were enwestern Italy. When they reached be shielded and protected from tered into with die Italian governthe spot where, as near as could be those insidious forces which would ment through John Duns, Jr.,

determined, Elder Lorenzo Snow destroy the free agency of man, president of the Italian Mission, had stood when he dedicated the that thy gospel may prosper, that and the American ambassador to land 116 years before, they gaththe truth may be taught, that reItaly. On December 19, 1966,

ered in quiet assembly. Standing ligious freedom may be emphasized 3,165 pounds of clothing, valued

on that historic site, with the by the leaders of this great naat $14,176.00, were sent from the

murmuring sounds of a river in the tion, that they may insist that those Bishops Central Storehouse in Salt distance and in view of two ranges who come here with religious mesLake City to be distributed to of snowcapped mountains, Elder sages may have freedom to present men, women, and children in

Benson rededicated the land for their cause and their teachings and Florence.

the acceptance of the restored gostheir beliefs."The establishment of the repel. Of that sacred event Elder This sacred event took place just stored Church in Italy has come

Benson says: "Tears were shed on six days after destructive floods about through the prayers and sacthis occasion as we received the swept over many parts of Italy. On rifices of servants of the Lord,

witness that many of our Father's November 3, 1966, heavy rains bebeginning more than a century children long in darkness would gan falling and continued during ago. The land was first dedicated

now receive the gospel. Songs of that day and night and all the next in 1850 by President Lorenzo Snow,

praise rang through the valley as day. The Arno River at Florence then a member of the Council of

villagers watched curiously. It was overflowed its banks, and the flood the Twelve. While some measure

a memorable and inspirational waters reached heights of 15 feet of success was achieved shortly occasion."in some parts of the city. Many after that time, it was not long beIn the dedicatory prayer Elder hundreds of Italy's famous art fore severe opposition from both

Benson asked that the leaders of treasures were completely degovernment and clergy brought a the nation might "be imbued with stroyed or heavily damaged. Thoutemporary halt to Church activities

thy holy Spirit. May they direct sands of people were left homeless. there.

this land in such a manner that Members of the Church escaped Because of the unusual backpeace may be maintained here. We without suffering personal losses, ground of the Church in Italy, its

realize, Holv Father, that thy but so great was the suffering history would not be complete

Entrance to an old church at Syracuse, on the island of Sicily.

November 10, 1966: Small group of missionaries gathers at Torre Pellice, Italy, for

dedication of Italy for preaching of the gospe/. This is near the site where the

country was originally dedicated by Lorenzo

Snow in 1850.

By William T. Sykes Rome in their efforts to destroy

Editorial Associate him. When they asked, "Is it lawful for us to give tribute unto

Caesar, or no?"they hoped to catch

him in his words, that they might deliver him to the power of the governor. (See Luke 20:22.) Later,

when Jesus was betrayed and brought before Pilate for trial, the power of Rome was again used to

without making reference to the establishment of the Church there shortly after the Savior's time. Despite the fact that Italy does not

command a major prominence among the nations of the earth, perhaps no country on earth has exerted a more powerful influence on Christian thinking. Its political

and military power was the subject of prophetic scripture from the mouths of the Lord's prophets in

Old Testament times. In the

meridian of time this same power indirectly set the stage for some of the city of Nazareth and went to hasten and make sure the time and the world's most sacred events and the little town of Bethlehem, that manner of his death. When Pilate,

some of its most tragic scenes. they might be obedient to the law in an effort to change the will of

It was from this seat of governof the tax. the Jews in their awful purpose,

ment, Rome, in the days preceding During his ministry, Jesus was asked, "Shall I crucify your Kin";?"

the birth of the Savior that "there subject to the law of Caesar, adminthe people answered, "We have no went out a decree from Cassar istered by Pontius Pilate, governor king but Caesar."(See John 19:15.)

Augustus, that all the world should of Judea. How often and how History reveals the sad and awful

be taxed."(Luke 2:1.) Because of treacherously did the enemies of condition of the Jews when their

this decree Joseph and Mary left the Son of God use the power of city and temple were destroyed by

:fe-.-i"., John Duns, Jr., right, president of the Italian

Mission, is pictured with his daughter, Ten,

II and Sister Duns.

Museum curator examines Donatello's statue of Mary Magdalene, which was damaged in

Florence flood.

During his European mission tour in October 1967, Elder Ezra Taft Benson (second from right) and Sister Benson met with President

John Duns, Jr., of the Italian Mission and G.

Frederick Rhinehart, American ambassador to Italy.

Missionaries have returned

70 a.d., when the city and temple

were destroyed by a Roman army led by Titus, eldest son of the

Emperor Vespasian.

History records that by the time of the Emperor Nero (5468 a.d.),

a large number of Christians lived in and around Rome. During the

latter part of Nero's infamous reign, a large part of the city of Rome was destroyed by fire. The emperor

himself was under suspicion of arson, and, fearing the resentment of the infuriated people, he sought to implicate the unpopular Christians and by torture tried to force a confession from them. They

were already under suspicion of plotting the overthrow of the Roman Empire, and this added accusation fanned the flames of hatred and jealousy.

the power of Rome, to which of the dead was to be for all men, A word picture of the sufferings power they had verbally yielded both Jew and Gentile. of the Saints at Rome almost sicktheir freedom. While the keys of the kingdom ens the soul, as we become aware

It was to Rome that Paul was of God remained with the early of the manner of their martyrdom.

commanded to go, that he might be apostles, the Church set up by the "They died in torments, and their a witness of the mission of the Savior survived in the midst of torments were embittered by inSavior as he had also testified at violent opposition. So severe was sults and derision. Some were

Jerusalem. (See Acts 23:11.) This the persecution of the followers of nailed on crosses; others sewn up

Paul did, suffering long months of Christ in the latter half of the first in the skins of wild beasts and exhouse imprisonment at Rome for eentury that a general exodus of posed to the fury of dogs; others,

the gospel's sake. He also testiChristians from Jerusalem resulted. again, smeared over with comfied to many of the Gentiles conTo some extent this proved to be a bustible materials, were used as

eerning the sacrifice of Jesus, blessing, since they largely escaped torches to illuminate the darkness telling them that the resurrection the awful sufferings of the Jews in of the night...."(James E.

Italian Mission presidency: Dan C. Jorgensen, American businessman who is now living in Milan, Italy, first counselor; President

John Duns, Jr.; Leopoldo Larcher, an Italian

who resides in Brescia, second counselor.

Underground portion of an old church at

Syracuse, on island of Sicily.

to the land that martyred the apostles nearly 2,000 years ago.

Talmage, The Great Apostasy, p. ness before God would again send been ordained an apostle, was

68.) his angels to restore the authority called to open up missionary work

While 'the members of the of the priesthood and reestablish in Italy, and Joseph Toronto, a early Church maintained scattered his Church upon the earth. When native of Sicily, was appointed to

branches in the outlying provinces, that eventful time finally arrived, accompany him. The year 1849

the source of the opposition from the Lord chose a place far removed was a far cry from the day in which persecution raged had its from the scene of his crucifixion which we now live, when we comcenter in Rome. According to and from the land where the power pare the methods of transportation

tradition, the apostles Paul and of evil had temporarily halted the and the time involved in traveling

Peter suffered martyrdom at Rome growth of the Church. At the time from the headquarters of the

while the tyrant Nero was emperor. of its restoration in the land of Church to fields of missionary acWith the apostles either dead or America, the Lord said to the tivity scattered throughout the

banished and the keys of the priestProphet Joseph Smith: world.

hood no longer with the Church to "And the voice of warning shall Elder Snow and his companion, strengthen it and direct its affairs, be unto all people, by the mouths together with Elder T. B. H. Stentragic results were inevitable. Many of my disciples, whom I have house, who bad been called by

denied the faith in order to escape chosen in these last days. Elder Snow when passing through

persecution and death. Others "And they shall go forth and Liverpool, England, en route to

were tempted by materialistic adnone shall stay them, for I the Lord Italy, arrived at Genoa June 23, vantages and the paganistic prachave commanded them."(D&C 1850, nearly nine months after retices indulged in by idolatrous 1:4-5.) ceiving their missionary assignworshipers of deities represented In obedience to this commandments. The journey of the two

by symbols and statues. History ment, the leaders of the restored elders across the plains and thence

supports the claim that during the Church began sending missionto New York had been accomperiod immediately following the aries out to the nations of the panied by physical danger and apostolic ministry, the Church was earth. However, it was not until great discomfort.

undergoing internal deterioration October 1849 that the call came for An anticipated indefinite separaand was soon to be empty of the the gospel to once again be taken tion from loved ones during those

Spirit of God that had been evito Italy, the land where so many historic years of the establishment dent at the day of Pentecost. early Christians had perished and of the kingdom of God was without

When the powers of evil finally where the closing scenes of the the rapid and consoling communiprevailed, and the authority to adgospel's disappearance had been cation that eases the heartaches of minister the affairs of the Church staged. our present day. In a letter to a

of Christ was completely taken At a conference held in Great colleague, Elder Snow wrote:

from the earth, the world was to Salt Lake City in October 1849, "When a servant of God is far reface a long period of spiritual darkLorenzo Snow, who had recently moved from the endearing society

Altar from which the apostle Paul is believed to have preached while on the island of Sicily. (See Acts 28:12.)

Group of Italian missionaries gathers around

Elder Ezra Taft Benson during Elder Benson's tour of the mission. Secondstory

windows of building at right mark offices of the Italian Mission.

of the saints, and his ears are no They encountered a liberal share child; his eyeballs turned upwards;

longer sainted with the cheering of opposition. Elder Snow rehis eyelids fell and closed; his face

voice of the 1 partner of his toils, or ported: "In this country a 'History and ears were thin, and wore the

the merrymaking and prattling of of the Mormons'is widely spread. pale marble hue, indicative of

his little ones—situated in a foreign Solomon Spalding and John C. approaching dissolution. The cold

land, surrounded by strangers, in Bennett, of everlasting notoriety, perspiration of death covered his whose bosom dwells no kindred figure here in all their dignity! This body, and the principle of life was

feeling—'tis then a favor, or kind History, or slander, is accompanied nearly exhausted. [Plis father]

word from afar, awakens in the with drawings of the Nauvoo Temhung his head and whispered to mind a recollection of the past, ple, the prophet Joseph, and his us, 7/ meurt, il menrt? ['he dies,

and draws from the burthened murder at Carthage."(Ibid., Vol. he dies!']"

spirit its choice blessings upon the 12, p. 371.) "After a little rest upon the

head of those who bestow, and To combat these untruths, Elder mountains, aside from any likeliimprints feelings of gratitude that Snow prepared a tract that he enhood of interruption, we there continue in lively remembrance, titled "The Voice of Joseph,"which called upon the Lord in solemn when cares and sorrow have long was translated into French and prayer, to spare the life of the been buried in forgetfulness."(Milprinted in England. Later, another child. As I contemplated the course

lennial Star, Vol. 13, p. 25.) tract entitled "The Ancient Gospel we wished to pursue and the claims

The three missionaries encounRestored"was published in Turin we should soon advance to the tered hostilities and dangers from in the French language. world, I regarded this circumstance

the day of their arrival, for the On September 18, Elder Jabez as one of vast importance. I know

power of the long established uniWoodard of London arrived, and not any sacrifice which I could versal church was felt as they beElder Snow decided that the time possibly make, that I was not willgan their work. Elder Snow had finally come to publicly coming to offer that the Lord might

reported: "The influence of papal mence the business of dedicating grant our requests. We returned

domination does not crumble away the land for the preaching of the about three o'clock in the afterbefore the earthquakes of political restored gospel. On the following noon, and having consecrated

controversy. The system of educaday, the four elders ascended a some oil, I anointed my hand, and

tion has enthroned it too firmly to high mountain a short distance laid it upon his head, while we be shaken by the timid protests of from La Tour and stood on a prosilently offered up the desires of any Italian government."(Ibid., jecting rock, which they named our hearts for his restoration."

It soon became obvious that if Snow offered the dedicatory prayer, From that hour the child began the restored gospel were to gain a during which he thanked God "for to get well, and in a few days he foothold, an area would have to having directed us by the Holy was once again playing with his be found where opposition was not Ghost to these valleys of Piedmont. companions. On October 27, 1850,

so severe and where freedom to Thou hast shown us that here thou Elder Snow baptized Jean Anworship God according to selfhast hid up a portion of the house toninc Box, and from that time, determination was present. Inof Israel...."(Ibid., Vol. 12, although progress was slow, the

vestigation showed that in the p. 373.) message of the gospel began to

province of Piedmont, in the exIt was known among the inhabitake 1 root in the hearts of the peotreme northwestern part of Italy, tants of the town that the Mormons ple. By the year 1855 there were

and situated at the foot of the Alps, were there to establish their branches of the Church at Anwas a Protestant community known Church. Their presence had begrogne, St. Germain, and St.

as the Waldenses. It was estimated come widely known because of a Bartholomew, all in Piedmont, with

that about 26,000 people lived in miraculous healing of a dying three- a total membership of 64, in addithe province, 5,000 of whom were yearold boy, whose parents owned tion to which 50 members had

Catholics. the house where they were lodgemigrated to America during the

The missionaries selected the ing. Of this incident Elder Snow preceding three years.

town of La Tour, with a population recorded: "Sept. 7—This morning, In subsequent years the spirit of

of 2,000. For the first few weeks I proposed to Elder Stenhouse gathering to Zion prevailed strongly

they studied the French language, that we should fast, and retire to among the Italian Saints, with the which was the more generally unthe mountains, and pray. As we result that most of those who acderstood among the Waldenses, departed, we called and saw the cepted the gospel emigrated to

14 Improvement Era THE REFINER'S FIRE:

Historical Highlights

of Missouri

By Alvin R. Dyer

$5.95

An important and authoritative workonthe past, present, and future significance of the Independence area... by the newest

member of the First Presidency. This scholarly and thoughtful

analysis and interpretation of all relevant prophecies, scriptural comments, and contemporary remarks by Joseph Smith and other

Church leaders, will add a new dimension to your understanding of this important aspect of Latterday Saint spiritual knowledge.

The book contains full details of President McKay's visit to Missouri in 1966. Its many full color photographs, plus maps and

site descriptions, will make this work invaluable to both student and traveler.

Deseret Book of the Month Bonus Value for June

TAKE HEED TO YOURSELVES

by Joseph Fielding Smith REG. $4.95..

NOW, FOR JUNE ONLY, $3.50

A saving of $1.45!

President Smith raises a warning voice to the

Church in these specially selected sermons and

A MORE EXCELLENT WAY writings.should be Hisa shiningvigorousexampleand scripturalto all thoseadvicewho

By Neal Maxwell wouldwill of fashionthe Lord.theirThislivesstimulatingin accordancebookwithshouldthe

be in every LDS home library as a constant $2.95 source of comfort and direction for life.

Approved text for MIA Leadership Training courses for the 1968/69 MIA year.

Order now for early delivery direct from publisher! This

is an outstanding book that deals with the qualities Every month Deseret Book Company will choose a bookof-themonth to be its BONUS VALUE essential to leadership in the Church of Jesus Christ of for that month. Important LDS best sellers will be available to you at substantial savings

Latterday Saints. Invaluable reading for all MIA officers over the regular price. This is a great way to build your LDS home library. Watch for these

—and members generally—who wish to upgrade their specials each month. Mail orders will be shipped postage paid.

personal contribution to improved leadership within the Church.

ORDER FROM

Deseret Book Company, 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

OR 777 South Main, Orange, California 92868

Please send me items circled 1

Total cost $ This must include 3'/a% sales tax from Utah residents ordering from Salt Lake, or 5% sales tax from California residents ordering from Orange. Paid tleoeretCOMPANY Book by check; money order; or charge established account.

44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL

SALT LAKE CITY NAME 2472 WASHINGTON BLVD., OGDEN

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA ADDRESS..

CITY.

STATE ZIP.

JUNE ERA 63

June 1968 15 America. The missionaries were 92, as compared with 18 in 1966. On the island of Sicily, branches

subjected to much persecution, The mission presidency has set 260 have been organized at Palermo from government and clergy, and as the goal for 1968. and Catania. It was on Sicily, at

by the year 1867 the official name As of April 1968, 155 fulltime Syracuse, that the apostle Paul of Swiss, Italian and German Mismissionaries, 40 of whom are of tarried for three days on his joursion was changed to Swiss and Italian descent, were serving in the ney to Rome. (See Acts 28:12.) All

German Mission, membership of mission. The work has spread to 13 members of the Palermo Branch

the Church in Italy not being large 19 cities, where all of the ten recently traveled 150 miles to enough to justify the word Italian branches and most of the 17 groups attend a recent conference at in the title. have Primary, Relief Society, MIA, Catania. Sicilian people are genPowerful as was the opposition and Sunday School organizations erally very poor, and none of the

to the Church in Italy, such opposifunctioning. Compared to the Palermo Saints could afford the

tion could not continue to prevail little Church material printed prejourney by train. Branch projects

against the gospel, although nearly viously, the members now have were commenced two months in a century was to pass before conavailable in the Italian language advance to finance the trip, and for ditions would change to allow it to the Family Home Evening Manual, some this was the first opportunity be brought back to the land. On Relief Society, MIA, and Aaronic in their entire lives to leave

February 27, 1965, with the apPriesthood—Adult manuals, the Palermo.

proval of Elder Ezra Taft Benson, home teacher's instruction booklet, "Italy is a nation of warm, generpresident of the European Mission, and several other pamphlets and ous, obliging, and funloving and with the approval of the manuals. In March 1968 La Stella. people,"wrote Elder Leavitt ChrisItalian government, 22 Italianthe Italian version of the Church tensen, first counselor in the mission

speaking elders entered the country unified magazine, was printed and presidency, in 1966. "The people

and opened up seven northern distributed in the mission. are close to nature. The great

Italian cities, under the direction of Four of the branches have majority are rural folk who derive

Swiss Mission president John M. branch presidents who are Italians, their livings from the earth. Others

Russon. Later, under the direction and more and more of the teaching involved in industrial pursuits do

of President Rendell N. Mabey, in the auxiliaries is being done by not find their way to large factories

successor to President Russon, the new Italian members. The miseach day; rather, the Italian inwork had spread, and by August sion notes that "almost gone are dustry is based primarily on many

1966 the list of cities where the the days of the elder serving as small backyard shops, which are gospel was being preached had Relief Society president."owned and operated by single

grown to 16, extending from Turin The city of Rome was opened to families and a few hired neighin northern Italy to Naples in the missionary activity in January 1967. bors.

south. A thriving young branch there has "The local officials of the clergy

During this period Elder Benson a membership of 26 and is presided hold great power over the people, met with Italian government offiover by a young businessman, not through spiritual ministrations cials and the United States ambasSalvatore Amendolito. A feeling but through purely economic

sador to Italy, and by the summer of deep reverence, often mingled maneuverings. Mormon missionof 1966 he felt impressed that the with sadness, enters the hearts of aries preaching their way through

time had come to reopen the misthe Saints in Rome as they worship these barriers occasionally find sion. On August 2, 1966, he opened where so many of the early Saints success. Success comes only when

the Italian Mission at a conference suffered and died for the gospel's a humble, prayerful missionary is in Florence, with 46 missionaries sake. led to the home of a humble Italian

present. Elder John Duns, Jr., of In Turin, where Lorenzo Snow of strong convictions and fearless

Bakersfield, California, was aplabored more than a century ago, character."

pointed mission president. District No. 2 was recently formed, Yes, the word of the Lord finds

Since that new beginning, the and eight elders and two lady misfertile soil in the hearts of those gospel has been energetically sionaries are presently preaching who earnestly seek it. The growth

taught to the Italian people. At the gospel there. The mission has of the Church in Italy should be of

the close of 1967, there were ten rented a villetta, which furnishes interest to all members of the organized branches in the mission, facilities for branch activities as Church, especially because of the with a total membership of 337. well as living quarters for some of place that Italy occupies in the

Baptisms performed in 1967 totaled the elders. religious history of the world. O

16 Improvement Era BOYS'LIFE

The Effects of Alcohol and Tobacco on Man's Health

Itching To Smoke—A cigarette smoker suffering from chronic

bronchitis may develop an "itching"sensation of the bronchial tubes, which is actually a manifestation of the illness. He feels

a need to alleviate the "itching"with the hot nicotinized smoke About BOYS'LIFE of the next cigarette.

"The chronic bronchitis of a heavy smoker may make him a It is a part of the program of the still heavier smoker,"says Dr. Borje Eurup of the New York movement—one of the tools used

Hospital—Cornell Medical Center, "because of the desire to scratch to help build character, citizenhis lungs with smoke. This can also apply to victims of asthma ship and physical fitness.

or emphysema."The printed and picture page

have had a tremendous influence 8 out of 10 Smokers Develop Emphysema, according to Dr. upon civilization and developLeone S. Thompson, Jr., of Southland Life Insurance Company, ment. Leaders are readers.

Dallas, if they smoke a pack or more a day. Most of these smokers BOYS'LIFE is enjoyed by the

first won't for the 10 years, show symptoms but they will have entire familyand by Cub Scouts, the disease. of include shortness of The symptoms emphysema

breath, coughing, chronic bronchitis, and in later stages, frothy Boy Scouts and Explorers.

sputum. A great number of the magazine's

After another 10 to 20 years of heavy smoking, six out of features are carefully coordinated the ten will have serious cases of emphysema. with next month's program themes,

Emphysema, rapidly becoming more prevalent among middlematerial that leaders and boys aged and younger adults, is outranked only by heart disease as can use to supplement and imple- a major cause of disability. It is often a contributing factor in ment the program of the unit.

deaths from heart disease and pneumonia. In addition, BOYS'LIFE contains

the best of careful ly selected ficCigarettes of All in the Oneseventh Deaths Cause United tion, crafts, hobbies, outdoor

States each year, says H. Dr. William Stewart, General Surgeon

of the United States. Healthy persons who break the habit can life, plus many other features.

expect to live as long, or almost as long, as those who have never Every Cub, Scout, Guide Patrol smoked. Just as important, they can expect better health, less and Explorer unit should secure

illness, and a greater capacity to enjoy life, he says. BOYS'LIFE 100% through unit

budget plandesigned to help Social Drinking Can Shorten Life, reports Dr. Max Hayman, meet unit finance needs as well

a California psychiatrist. He said it is common knowledge that as train boys in financial responchronic alcoholism is associated with a high mortality rate. "What sibility.

is less wellknown is the recent evidence that social drinking also shortens life considerably. Social drinkers, who were intoxicated

only six times a year for only a few hours at a time, had a death What Church Leaders rate two and a half times greater than normal for their age. When

drunkenness occurred weekly, the rate was three times normal. Say About BOYS'LIFE

For 'spree'drinkers, the figure was nearly five times normal.

"Mortality was higher in heart and digestive diseases, malig- I read BOYS'LIFE regularly nant tumors, suicide, homicide, and motor vehicle accidents."and enjoy it very much.

Dr. Hayman said the social drinker is heir to all the problems -N. Eldon Tanner

of a chronic alcoholic, though to a lesser degree.

I recommend BOYS'LIFE magaOne of Three Arrests Is for Drunkenness, said Senator zine for the boys of the Church

Ralph W. Yarborough of Texas, addressing the Senate. Speaking because of its choice and wholeof total arrests in United States, he said that half of those involved some articles that help build

in fatal auto accidents are under the influence of alcohol. He character and good citizenship.

said that a study made in a nineyear period in San Antonio, -Delbert L. Stapley

Texas, showed that 61 percent of all drivers and pedestrians killed in accidents were intoxicated. In my youth I always subHe recommended passage of bills that would restrict radio scribed to BOYS'LIFE magazine

and television advertising of alcoholic beverages and cigarettes, and thoroughly enjoyed it.

because "young people should be warned about the health hazards -John H. Vandenberg

inherent in the smoking habit rather than watch commercials depicting heathful, happy, cheerful people smoking cigarettes with My 13year-old daughter loves never a hint that health dangers are even involved."BOYS'LIFE.

He stated that cigarette smoking is responsible for seven -G. Carlos Smith, Jr.

million cases of chronic illness in the U. S. each year. It is also

responsible for 77 million days lost from work and 306 million days We encourage Cub Packs and of restricted activity each year, and is claiming a life every 105 Guide Patrols to participate in seconds in our country. the unit Thrift Plan which makes

it possible to automatically order

BOYS'LIFE each year.

-LaVern W. Parmley

June 1968 17 A NewLook at the Pearl ofGreat Price By Dr. Hugh Nibley

Shortly after the Spalding affair Dr. Part 2. May We the usual pompous references to

Mercer made his first solid contribuSee Your Credentials? science and scholarship, but as to the

tion to Egyptology. With dramatic linguistic aspects of the thing—comdetail he reports in the Receuil de (Continued) plete silence. In the same spirit of

Travaux 27 how "during the summer of dash and caution, Dr. Mercer, in his

1912 when the writer was in a quiet last rebuttal against the Mormons,

New England village,"he discovered a is remarkable. He had understandably noted in passing: "It might be added

collection of Egyptian antiques brought begged off where the poorly copied also on the basis of the few easier hither by Lt. Commander Gorringe in hieroglyphics of the Pearl of Great hieroglyphs which were copied cor1879 but since ignored for lack of Price were concerned, but here was rectly, the Prophet's interpretation is

"scientific interest in Egyptian anhis first great chance to shine as a found incorrect."28 But true to form

tiques."The prize piece was a long linguist and a scholar. This thing he never indicated what those few

inscription, which had been known was his discovery, and it was the praccorrectly copied hieroglyphs were or from another but damaged fragment tice and privilege of Egyptologists who what they said. Instead, he assures

that had been translated in 1905 by discovered texts to publish them in us that "many proofs of the correct-

A. B. Kemal. the Receuil de Travaux with their ness of his conclusion COULD be

Mercer's great discovery allowed own translations and commentaries. furnished if desired,"23 and lets it go

him to supply the complete text, But never a word of translation or at that. Indeed, we have been unable

which Kemal did not have. But in commentary from Mercer. He had to find a translation by Mercer of any

furnishing the missing lines Mercer room for a long description of the Egyptian writing that had not already simply sent in a photograph, without document and a picturesque account been translated and published by any translation or commentary. This of how the inscription was found, with someone else.

18 Improvement Era This is our old friend the Reverend Mercer, taking the Egyptians to task, as he once did the Mormons for being inexcusably ignorant of Egyptian.

Illustrated by Dave Burton

When Isaac Russell, a nonMormon, Bible (1913), an Ethiopian litergy tion which he commits provide the put in a word in defense of the Book (1915), SumeroBabylonian sign lists reader at times with real comic of Abraham, Mercer was quick to (1918), an Egyptian grammar (1920), relief."30

light into him. an Ethiopian grammar (1920), an If Mercer keeps at it, however,

"A man who will... jumble up Assyrian grammar (1921), and books "it may be possible for him at a

opinions of thirty years ago with the on the Babylonian and Assyrian relater date to get out a critical edition correct views of recent years, cannot ligion (1919) and Egyptian religion instead of just a photograph... and

escape contradicting himself and being (1919). to answer some of the questions

considered by any scholar a dilettante We know of no savant, including which he has here dealt with preof the worst type."2 "Forty years later even the immortal Athanasius Kircher, maturely."In other words, Mercer

the same Mercer was being taken to who has ever equalled such a perbites off more than he can chew.30

task by the reviewers for being hopeformance for sheer daring. Fifteen years later Mercer was still

lessly dilettantish and out of date in The reader may be interested to having difficulty following the advice his scholarship, but even in his youth know how Mercer's efforts were acof Praetorius, for H. S. Gehmann in rehis buoyant confidence in his linguistic cepted by the learned world. Only viewing his Ethiopic text of Ecclesipowers led him to extend himself far two years after 1912 Mercer brought astes notes that as long as Mercer is

beyond the bounds of prudence. Without a work on an Ethiopian liturgy, of merely reproducing the text all goes

in a decade of blasting the Book of which F. Praetorius, the world leader well, "but in his further discussion of

Abraham, Mercer had published, in the field, wrote: "The writer's the Ethiopian version he is not so

among other things, translations and knowledge of the Ethiopian language fortunate... and makes statements

commentaries of Egyptian, Aramaic, is at present, however, totally inadewhich upon analysis are seen to be

Greek, and Latin texts bearing on the quate. The numerous errors of translacontradictory or at least not clear."31

June 1968 19 In 1929 Mercer published an amwhich things are constructed"is scholars are recognizing that the bitious book on Egyptian religion that "typical of this whole school of instrangeness and obscurity in the was reviewed by Hermann Kees, a venting religious history."Kees refers Egyptian texts is probably less due to

leader in that field: "It is superto his own classic work, Totenglaube their ignorance and inability to think

ficially written and in many passages der Aegypter, as "a book with which clearly than to our own. Kees notes

one comes upon familiar ideas of Mercer is of course [freilich] not acthat Mercer displays his usual diliMaspero [to whom the book was dediquainted."He takes note of "Mercer's gence in the business of collecting and

cated]. But because Maspero never peculiar way of putting questions and cataloging material, but he never

lost contact with the real world of his naive and offhand conclusions."digests it, his work being marked by

Egypt one is all the more disturbed Our own impression after working "triviality and irrelevance that preby the lack of any smell of Egyptian for some years among Dr. Mercer's dominate over a real grasp of

earth."32 "To uphold his theories... books and notes is obligingly put into material."He comments on Mercer's

Mercer must schematize mercilessly words by an Egyptologist whom few weakness for making sweeping and [grausam schematisieren]; his reconmay challenge: "The book is pleasant pontifical statements "which construction of the beginnings is "a [nett] to read... but it brings no stantly run the risk of being easily

peculiarly artificial picture,"and to advance,"for, "granted that Mercer refuted."30 In concluding his study

explain the distribution of the cults has taken the trouble to read and cite with a long list of some of Mercer's of Egypt "Mercer must invent the all sorts of things, the whole thing is many mistakes, Kees says he is trying most remarkable migrations."32 Kees done in a disturbingly superficial way to avoid giving to "the wellinten-

notes that "the unnatural way in [bedenklich oberfldchlich]."33 What tioned reader a heightened dread of

Mercer's work does give us of value, the labyrinth of Egyptian Religion and

Kees decides, is "unfortunately"a its incomprehensibility."37

demonstration "of how urgent is the But Hermann Kees was not the

Sonnet for Peace necessity for anyone who wishes to only one. Writing in another journal,

undertake the study of Egyptian re- H. Bonnet, the author of the invaluable

By Mildred N. Hoyer ligion and especially of its beginnings, Reallexikon der Aegyptischen Religion,

first of all to handle at firsthand the reviewed the same work by Mercer,

Even as I pray this prayer for raw materials presented by the local noting first of all that the author peace, cults of the land and by its topography "misses the basic significance [grund-... and such a study would do greater legende Bedeudtung] of Egyptian ReWithin me other unknown wars

are raging. honor to the memory of Maspero than ligion,"because he "collects a lot of

They do not stop because I bid Mercer has with his International Sounconnected data which are never them cease, ciety of Gods."31 There is a sting in brought into proper relationship,"

Yet I dare ask miraculous that! even while he continues to cling to

assuaging Almost twenty years later Mercer his favorite but long outdated theories

Of universal conflict by divine returned to the lists with another and of Egyptian prehistory, "his entire

Decree, as if this peace could a bigger book still on Egyptian restudy being controlled by a theory come before ligion, and again it fell to the lot of which is not only nonessential to the

A vanquishing of forces, deep Hermann Kees to review it. He begins History of Egyptian Religion"but apwithin by taking Mercer to task for ignoring plies to a field "in which we can

The heart, that breed and scatmuch recent archaeological work never count on achieving clarity."3 *

ter seeds of war. while making archaeology his deIn short, Dr. Mercer misses the point

What kind of madness is it, fense. 35 Especially Dr. Kees "must of everything. The assertion that we

then, that sends express profound concern [grundsatzcan never achieve certainty in some

Me to my knees to offer up a liches Bedenken]"with Mercer's matters of Egyptian religion is an implea failure to explain the why in all his portant one, and was stated even more

For something you have placed glib syncretism. Kees is franker than emphatically in a long review of Merwithin my hands? ever: "Mercer should have omitted cer's History of Egyptian Religion by

0, give me grace and wisdom things which he did not understand, the eminent Eberhard Otto. This work,

now to see including annoyingly frequent referOtto writes, as "the fruit of a long and... showsMy need to rise, to use your ences to 'confusion'in Egyptian industrious scholarly career

power for good thinking."30 This has become an imus that a presentation of Egyptian reatti- Within—without—for peace, portant factor in the study of Egyptian ligion which avoids a subjective

for brotherhood. religion today: more and more the tude, but whose foundation lies outside

20 Improvement Era is the science impossibility sphere of an The Egyptians didn't know Egyptian,"charges... reason us the shows and it why it

is now and perhaps always will be imour old critic.

possible to wrrite a history of Egyptian religion."10 to detect in Pyramid Texts "a lack of mainly in politics, architecture, and

Instead of coming to grips with common sense on the part of the art, and what seems to be their inthe problems he has raised, Mercer, Egyptians of the Third Millenium."44 ability for clear thinking in religious

according to Otto, leaves all the Instead of accusing the Egyptians of matters. This incompatibility is striknecessary explaining "to casual scatignorance, Anthes advises, "we should ing, the more so since government and

tered remarks."The avoidance of rather acknowledge the fact that we are religion did represent a unity which

a real method of coping with imnot yet equal to the Pyramid Texts, we may call governmental theology."47

mensely hard problems "gives his although they represent excellent Professor Anthes objects to the illogic description a rather disjointed and unmanuscripts."4 -'3 (Italics ours.) of saying (a) that everything the

coordinated nature."40 Since he can't Mercer often attributes his own Egyptians did was part of their reescape facing certain problems of failure to come through to "corrupligion; (b) that their achievements

origins, Mercer, according to Otto, tions in the text, mistakes in writing, were prodigious; (c) that their religion

simply gets rid of them by thrusting errors in grammar and syntax, contrawas ridiculous. That simply won't

them back into a dim prehistory where dictions and confusions, expressions go down with Anthes and others, he posits a series of invasions or migrawhich seem ridiculous, and illogical though the old school of Egyptologists tions, following Sethe's lead.41 Instead expressions."40 This is our old friend still clings to it. Even Gardiner, a

of going to the basic sources, Otto the Reverend Mercer, taking the Egypbrilliant representative of that school, observes, Mercer relies on "secondary tians to task, as he once did the showed some signs of weakening tosources,"and even then fails to treat Mormons, for being inexcusably igward the end of his wonderful career, his sources critically. "He is often norant of Egyptian. But Professor when he was willing to concede that

unclear, sometimes in matters of Anthes will not go for this; it is not Egyptian religion was "as alluring as

fundamental importance.""Many of the Egyptians but ourselves who are a will-o'-thewisp by reason of its

his apodektic [sic] statements should ignorant, and Mercer's introductory mystery and even in spite of its abnot go unchallenged... many of his statement that "we have not yet a surdity"; 48 and he suggested that while

interpretations of names cry for redefinitive text"of the Pyramid Texts it was most dangerous to take seriously futation by the philologist, 41 his gene- "is plainly misleading and I feel comsuch "unmitigated rubbish"as some alogies "contain many errors or pelled,"writes Professor Anthes, "to of the Egyptian hymns, it was still also theories no longer recognized today,"refute it."4G There are imperfections dangerous (though, of course, less

and his work "belongs to an age of enough in the translation—"imperfecdangerous) to take an "unsympathetic

research whose scholarly goals are tions of this kind, I am sorry to say, and even patronizing attitude towards not in every point the same as those do occur in the translation"—but they the myths and religious practices of

of the present generation scholars."42 are not due to any Egyptian incompePharaonic times."49

In his seventies Mercer, undaunted tence. "Perhaps Professor Mercer was In reviewing Mercer's Pyramid Texts,

and undeterred, undertook a work that right in undertaking this task, for T. G. Allen, the foremost student of

would intimidate the greatest Egyptolowhich—if I may say so frankly—hardly Egyptian funerary literature, did not

gist—a translation and critical comanyone is fully prepared,"but instead mince words: "Would that the conmentary on one of the oldest, largest, of chiding the Egyptians, "the probtents of these handsome volumes were

and most difficult books in the world lematical situation of our understandfully in keeping with their appearthe Egyptian Pyramid Texts. Rudolph ing should have been indicated more ance!"50 The defects of those contents

Anthes begins his review of this amoften than it has been."40 "spring from two main sources: faulty

bitious work by pointing out the danProfessor Anthes is one of a growtranslation of German and violation gers and hardships that attend any ing number of Egyptologists who now of Egyptian grammatical principles."

attempt at "translating a paragraph suggest in all seriousness approaching What a blow! It is bad enough for an

of these texts, in which each word is Egyptian religious writings with the Egyptologist to be criticized for igweighty, is a venture."13 Mercer is idea that after all they might make norance of Egyptian in making

again charged with underestimating sense, since the Egyptians were not translations from Egyptian, but when the intelligence of the Egyptians when complete fools: "There exists some inthe reviewer recognizes his dependence

he sees, for example, in the mysterious congruity,"he notes, "between the on other sources and notes that it is

Enneads only a demonstration of sober effectiveness of the Egyptians in in German that he is at fault, one their muddled thinking, and affects the Old Kingdom, which is apparent wonders how this could have been

June 1968 21 Egyptology is in an atmosphere of somewhat ofductionEgyptologyto the limitationsin general. andWhatpitfallswe

just beheld is the spectacle of dazed and bemused speculation."have

some of the world's foremost Egyptologists laying down the law to one of received by the scholar who often Mercer—and one does not get it. their colleagues who in turn was

lectured others on their ignorance of In the same year that his vast work never backward in laying down the language. "Mistranslations of German on the Pyramid Texts appeared, this law to them. From this it should beare various,"says Allen. "Egyptian remarkable man published Earliest gin to appear that we are not here

grammar is often mistreated."Again Intellectual Man's Idea of the Cosmos, moving in a world of cold, indisputable

Mercer is charged with superficiality: in which he brought his Babylonian scientific facts at all, but rather in an

"Mercer himself states, that analysis philological studies into conjunction atmosphere of somewhat dazed and of the utterances [in the Pyramid with his Egyptian to compare the bemused speculation. And the puzTexts] has not 'been too meticulous in earliest religious concepts of both zlement and bewilderment are if anyunessential matters'; the truth is that lands. Of this work the Sumerologist thing greater among the specialists

his definition of 'unessential matters'Salonen wrote that to Mercer, today than they were in 1912. O

has been far too liberal."5 ""Sumerian conditions may well be (To be continued)

In his pointed remarks about Gerquite hazy. Specifically as regards:7"The GorringeFOOTNOTESCollection of Egyptian Antiques,"in Receuil de Travaux, Vol. 36 (1914),man, Professor Allen was no doubt Sumer... the book contains annoy176-78, with photograph. pp.

hinting at what the great French ingly many mistakes, incongruities and UtahIbid., Survey,p. 13. Vol. 1. p. 11.

:!"F. Praetorius,Egyptologist Dom E. Drioton said blunders.... Sumerian and BabyMorgcnlend. Gesdhchajt,in ZcitschriftVol. 70dcr (1916),deutschenp.

Its Liturgy, Ethiopian Mercer's viewing 263, in often lonian appear openly reviewing namesmore an earlier in wrong

Sources, Present (Miland Development Form 53 "Vollig unzureichend 1915): London, gives Mercer's then Salonen Texts, forms."book of some waukee, on the Pyramid

zur Zeit Verfasscrs Kcnntdas sind aber noch

Sprache. nisse der athiopischen Die von ihmthat Mercer's work on the Pyramid examples of what he calls Mercer's

ivirebcrsctzungsfehlcr verueoten zahlrcichcn U erhcitcrnde Scherze."zuiccilen ken wie It wouldTexts simply follows Sethe, the great "other outrageous mistakes!"He finds

it that. hard stronger than to put be

in Journal American 31H. S. of the field, Gehmann, written "the is confusedlymaster in that and is already book had who

reOriental Society, Vol. 260, 52 (1932),

Mercer's viewing Ethiopian Textp. full of the into part relating The oftranslated... the tautology Because them German.

Book of Ecclesiastes (London: Luzac, 1931).

of this lack of originality, Drioton to Sumer could safely have been:,-H. Kees.in Zcitschrift dcr deutschen MorGcsellschaft, Vol. genlaendischcn 84 p. (1930),

les sur Mercer's Origines 191, reviewing Etudesconcludes, "This investigation can omitted."'"4 In particular, "chronology

la Religion Luzac, de. TEgypte (London: de

bring no new light."Moreover, does not seem to be one of Mercer's 1929).

Drioton observes that the method strong points, hence information which nibid,,uIlnd., p.p. 192.193.

H. Kees, in Orientalia, Vol. 20 (1951), p.

followed by Mercer cannot possibly has been doomed several decades 98, reviewing Mercer's The Religion of Ancient

Luzac, 1949). (London:

p. 99.lead to the conclusions he has ago."r>r'This recalls Mercer's own onEgxjptIbid.,

".. z"Ibid., 99100:. cin neues Grauen pp.

dcr Wirrnis aegyptischen Glaubens undadopted.-11 Mercer has prefixed to his slaught on a massively documented vor

..."seiner Unverstaendlichkeit.

History of Egyptian Religion the rework on ancient chronology some TL Bonnet, in Oricntalisehe Litcraturzeitung.

markable statement that Sethe had years before: "... of course no self1953,'Ibid.,No. p.8, pp.355:355f."The content and scope

[Anspruch] of syncretism ure a sealed book to placed at the introduction of his own respecting chronologist will for a moMercer, and so he attains no insight whatever history of the same subject: Wer es ment agree.... one feels that with intoforcestheandinnergoalslifethatof Egyptianmove it. religionIn spiteandof thethe

nicht glauben will, mag es nicht all that has been said, we shall still abundancepresentation ofoffersmaterialthe readersuppliedlittletherefore,of value."his

glauhen: "Who doesn't want to befeel safer under the guidance, in Vol.1UE.12Otto,(1953),in Journalp. 215.of Near Eastern Studies,

lieve it does not have to."This had Egyptian matters, of Meyer and &md.,"Ibid., p.p. 217.216.

not been an attempt on Sethe's part Breasted."50 Here again, instead of Oriental'"RudolphSociety,Anthes,Vol.in 74Journal(1954),of thep.American35, reviewing Mercer's The Pyramid Texts in Transto disarm criticism, however, for he giving the reasons, Mercer had simply lation and Commentary (New York: Longmans,

stated his position with a characteristic appealed with his lofty "of course"to Green,"Ibid.,1952,pp. 43637.vols).

frankness that Mercer does not follow, authority, though the chronologies of "'Ibid.,i:Tbid., pp.p. 35.35f.

when he said in a preceding sentence: Meyer and Breasted were even then ''Ibid.,1SA. H. p. Gardiner,36. Egypt of the Pharaohs

"This is how for thirty years the being seriously questioned. (OxfordlnA. H.Paperbacks,Gardiner, 1961),in Revuep. 427.Egijptologique,

Egyptian religion has appeared to my Our purpose in this long digression Vol.r,0T.11 G.(1957),Allen, p.in55.Journal of Near Eastern

eyes, or, if you will, to my imaginaabout Dr. Mercer has not been priStudies,=1E. Drioton,Vol. 13in (1954),Revue Egijptologique,p. 119. Vol. 13

tion [phantasie]; the whole thing is marily to discredit the authority of one (1961),"-K. Sethe,pp. 14849.Urgcschichte und aeltestc Religion

completely hypothetical."52 This would whose authority has for years been op.der Aegyptercit., p. 355,(Leipzig,comments1930),on pp.Mercer's2-3. Bonnet,use of

place Sethe today in the camp of Karl used as a club to beat the Book of theA,phrase.Salonen, in Oricntalisehe Literattir

Popper, but one would hardly expect Abraham withal, but rather to provide zeitung,-nbid.,Vol.p. 572.54 (1959), p. 570.

such an admission from the confident us laymen with an instructive intro- "Ibid.,MIn Egyptianp. 571.Religion, Vol. 1, pp. 3738.

22 Improvement Era M Matchless Summer Reading from Bookcraf ON GETTING THINGS DONE by Ray L. White

One of the most valuable books you can add to your library. % Smim*

A "howto"book for church leaders, businessmen, housewives, students—anyone who wants to develop better organizational

habits. Tells how to make the best use of time, to delegate

responsibility, to get the most from coworkers. - oc

SUM, TRIM, FUN FOR LIFE by Sara Lee Gibb Written by a BYU instructor, this helpful book offers women systematic and sensible ways to exercise, diet, and keep in good physical condition. Contains over 75 photographs showing proper exercise techniques. The perfect aid for summer

slimdown campaigns! ff0 cn

$Z.OU

3. THE CONSTITU- 4. FOUR FAITH

TION BY A PROMOTING PLUS THESE FIVE THREAD CLASSICS by Richard Vetterli From "The Faith Promoting"

a serious on comments in Reprinted for the first time ADDITIONAL BOOKS Thisbook timely and wellwritten Series facing now problem fasciof a century, these our %

out will speaks cries and inspire thrill the and God of in support retheir forceful FOR READING aliencountry.convincinglyThis book rejects nating narratives by men of with reader

the spiritual and moral princounting of spiritual expericiples upon which the Ameriences. Contains stories not ENJOYMENT can Republic was founded. found in any other publication.

$4.75 $3.95

5. FROM THE DUST 6. BOOK OF PROPHETS,

OF DECADES MORMON PRINCIPLES & by Keith Terry and COMPENDIUM NATL SURVIVAL

Walter Whipple by Sidney B. Sperry by Jerreld L. Newquist

to DocCompanion volume of compilation A statements

This of Pearl the study timely trine & Covenants Comby Presidents Church made of Price Great is fascinating, reference best The pendium. Authorities and the General on

inspirational THE and complete FROM available the on book Book I issues important and problems with of papyri pictures the all quesAnswers Mormon. facing nation the our and?TjU5TQfW'recently acquired by or the oftions others have ever you world. foreign on Comments

its in Scholarly Church. comrecord, this posed ancient on policy, Constitution, world the

pleteness upto-date. and including information on new etc. conditions, Authoritative.j*Ls-i

is/tr Hill the pages. Cumorah. 800 thoughtprovoking. and

$2.25 $6.95 $5.50

BOOKCRAFT 6 -68 City, Utah 84101 BOOKCRAFT 1186 South Main /Salt Lake

Please send the following circled book(s) for which 1 enclose check or money order in the amount of (Residents of Utah add 3W% sales tax.)

1 2 3 4 5 6 7

NAME

ADDRESS

CITY, STATE, ZIP

, i

June 1968 23 Lest We Forget

"Unfolding like some graphic panorama of the past, epic in implications and dramatic in content, the story of an ancient civilization that peopled the plains and hills in this vicinity was the chief topic of discussion.... Reaching so far back into the dim yesterdays of history, back to

days more than 2,500 years ago, this story came with a strange emphasis in the very places where its climaxes and documents are supposed to have been reached. The

narrative is the very basis of Mormon theology and belief and leads directly to the revelation given through Joseph

Smith of the foundations of the Mormon Church."

Does this sound like a news clipping about the Hill

Cumorah Pageant? It is the Rochester, New York, Herald

of September 23, 1923, reporting on a conference commemorating the centennial of the first visit of the Angel

Moroni in sermons and songs. President Alvin R. Dyer

recalls that his part on the program was to speak from a prepared text on the eight witnesses to the Book of Mormon.

Each summer tens of thousands come to the Hill Cumorah to thrill again to the great religious pageant, "America's Witness for Christ."The 1968 dates are July 29 through

August 3.

There were many earlier pageants and presentations, and each in its time has been designated "first."

It is thought that observances began as summer outings.

esident B. H. Roberts at 1923 gathering.

..............

Scene from the 1930 pageant. The production was repeated several years.

Mw,w * The first recorded forerunner of the pageant was held dent Roberts was read, saying that only those members who

July 24, 1917, in Palmyra, when missionaries and members could provide for their own transportation, food, and conducted a picnicpilgrimage from Rochester to the Joseph lodgings should go to Cumorah. Missionaries were told

Smith farm and Sacred Grove. that they would have food and lodging at the Smith farm

In 1922, President B. H. Roberts, who was serving in the during the days of the conference.

dual capacity as a member of the First Council of the Seventy The conference began Friday evening, September 21, at and president of the Eastern States Mission, had his misthe Smith farm, and continued Saturday and Sunday with sionaries walk to the Kill Cumorah from the Joseph Smith meetings (President Roberts called them "episodes") at the home. There the celebration was climaxed by a program Hill Cumorah and the Sacred Grove. The "episodes"bore

of effective, wellwritten slogans. these titles: The Appearing of the Angel to the Prophet

In August 1923 President Roberts notified the missionaries Joseph Smith; The Prophet's First Visit to Cumorah

of a coming Cumorah conference. He desired them to make Beholding the Plates; The Delivery of Jhe Plates to Joseph

the jo,urney by foot, preaching the gospel and tracting as the Translation and Publication of That Record; The Organizathey came from every direction. Missionary sisters were tion of the Church, April 6, 1830; The First Vision of the

asked to come by train, and elders laboring in-> the far Prophet—The Atonement of Christ; The Appearing of the

reaches of the mission (Maine and West Virginia) were Christ to the Nephites; and The Message of the Book

advised to come by railroad to Pittsburgh, Harrisburg, or of Mormon to the Gentile Nations of America, the Land

Albany before starting to walk, testifying to, all they met of of Zion.

"the restoration of the gospel by the coming forth of the Flags were much in evidence during the program, includBook of Mormon and the reestablishment of the Church."ing a CumorahRamah flag in tribute to two great peoples--

The elders would wear a collegetype pennant, bearing the the Nephites and the Jaredites. Appropriate songs of the

inscription "Cumorah 1823—September 21—1923,"esperestoration were sung, some by Nannie Tout, Hazel Dawn,

cially designed to attract interest and create opportunities and Margaret Romaine, members of the Church who were for gospel conversations. pursuing opera and concert careers in New York.

At fast meetings held in September; a letter from PresiPresident Heber J. Grant, then President of the Church,

Missionaries rally at Book of MogmSfi flags/in 1923.

9 % %

attended and spoke. Also there were President Rudger the testimonies of Moroni, Alma, Abinadi, Benjamin, the

Clawson and Elders Joseph Fielding Smith and James E. Brother of Jared, Nephi (who chronicled the visit of the

Talmage. The Sunday afternoon meeting on the Hill resurrected Lord to his people), and Samuel the Lamanite

Cumorah was attended by about 200 missionaries, 50 other were given to Joseph Smith. "Unto Every Nation,"the

members, and 1,000 nonmembers. final scene, was also placed at the Hill Cumorah, as Joseph

At that conference no attempt was made to dramatize Smith and the Three Witnesses proclaimed a new dispensathe restoration. Several years later, in July 1928, a pageant tion upon the earth in 1830.

was presented at the Sacred Grove. This was written by Elder Stonely also wrote pageants in 1929 and 1930.

John W. Stonely, who had come into the area about a year In 1930, "Footsteps in the Sands of Time"(a title taken

earlier and who is now a patriarch in the Cumorah Stake, from the theme of the Church's centennial year) pictured and the late Florence Bushman [Zobell], then an Eastern events in the ten decades of the Church's history. This proStates missionary. This pageant portrayed the origin, gram was presented in a ropedoff field on the Joseph Smith

history, contents, and purposes of the Book of Mormon in farm before an audience of 200, and was repeated several readings, costume, dialogue, and music. "The Stick times in the succeeding years, usually on July 24, at annual

of Joseph,"the first scene, was placed in the Holy Land Eastern States Mission conferences.

just prior to the Babylonian captivity, with Ezekiel and At the threeday mission conference in 1935 the Angel others depicting development of biblical prophecies relating Moroni monument atop the Hill Cumorah was dedicated on to the Book of Mormon. Scene 2, "Lost Truth,"was set July 21 by President Heber J. Grant, with President David

on the mountain (1 Ne. 11:1) where Nephi received a 0. McKay and other General Authorities in attendance.

vision concerning the purpose and destiny of the book. There was no pageant that year, but meetings with talks

Scene 3, "The Iron Rod,"showed a New World beach and and musical numbers were held at the hill and the grove.

depicted the establishment of Lehi's people in the land However, mission president Don B. Colton saw the potenof promise. Here the Lamanite nation began, and the tial for missionary work in large summer gatherings at the

Iron Rod dream received its interpretation. hill, then easily accessible by a new highway.

Scene 4, "Voices from the Dust,"was dated 1829, when In 1936, Ira J. and Beatrice Markham, inspired by the

The HEALTHFUL way can be a PLEASANT way Over a century of "Battle Creek

San"experience proves that proper diet, specialized hydrotherapy and professionally supervised exercise—all in a se-

—reneworkand wondersfriendly inatmosphererestoring

body, mind, and spirit.

Under the guidance of dedicated Christian physicians, nurses, and chaplains, you can be strengthened physically and spiritually for the pressures of today's busy world.

Will you give us the opportunity to prove it?

Write for details.

Battle Creek Sanitarium HOSPITAL HEALTH CENTER CLINIC 197 N. Washington Ave., Battle Creek, Mich. 49016

(616)9647121

26 Improvement Era suggestions of Professor E. H. Eastmond of Brigham Young This pageant was first presented on three stages at the

University, wrote and directed a pageant entitled "The Hill Cumorah, July 23 and 25, 1937. Missionaries estimated

Restoration,"which was presented May 8 in the Brooklyn the audiences at 15,000, and they counted cars from 19

Ward. Following this, President Colton encouraged missionstates in the parking lot. On July 24, local Church members

aries Oliver R. Smith and Meryl Dunn [Jones] to prepare a and missionaries presented "The Builders,"a pioneer drama

pageant script. Their "Truth from the Earth"was presented written by Elder Oliver R. Smith.

by a cast of 70 on July 25, 1936, at the rear of the new "The unfolding purpose of God is like a scroll of light in

Bureau of Information building at the foot of Hill Cumorah. the heavens. Every discovery and invention may be used

This was the first pageant presented at the hill. for the dissemination of gospel truth,"said the late Elder

With an audience of about 5,000 seated on the hillside, John A. Widtsoe. (Era, August 1939, p. 480.) Over the

the 1936 pageant began with the strains of "Nephite years the Cumorah pageant has undergone numerous reLamentation,"played by seven missionary trumpeters spotfinements. If one were to compare the presentation of

lighted at the crest of the hill. Its scenes unfolded the "America's Witness for Christ"year by year, one would surely

story of the Book of Mormon and the restoration, including see the influence of many writers, directors, and others, and the following episodes: Joseph Smith's vision in the grove; how refinements have been made in it as new technological

appearances of the Angel Moroni; translation of the sacred developments have become available.

record; Lehi and his family in the wilderness; the ministry This year's pageant, under longtime director Harold I.

of Alma; Christ's appearance and teachings to the Nephites; Hansen, is expected to enlist some 450 workers—cast

their destruction by the Lamanites; Moroni's closing of the members, technicians, and all the behindthe-scenes people

Nephite record; and the organization of the restored Church. who make such a presentation successful. Workers will

President Colton then formed a committee to develop include missionaries, busloads of volunteers from the West a pageant suitable for annual presentation at the hill. Dr. (largely Brigham Young University students), and Saints

H. Wayne Driggs, then an instructor in English at New York from the Hill Cumorah area.

University, prepared the script, entitled "America's Witness Thus a tradition begun half a century ago at the Hill for Christ,"taking the theme from the Book of Mormon. Cumorah continues. O

THE LEADING L.D.S. FUNERAL DIRECTORS OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

Rulon H. Cheney Every L.D.S. service personally arMelvin P. Randall

VicePresident ranged, supervised and directed by Associate 3822875 these leading L.D.S. Funeral Directors. 2941025

A staff of 12 competent L.D.S.

men and women to assist you.

Regardless of where you own cemetery property, call Pierce Brothers for "THE PERFECT TRIBUTE"Los Angeles, Phone 213749-4151

More Latterday Saint families call

Lowell J. Campbel R. Reid Wallace PIERCE BROTHERS

Associate MORTUARIES 2541212 8383956 21 CONVENIENT NEIGHBORHOOD Associate

COOLING IT AT 30,000>>- Meet Neal Allred, 20 from Lehi, Utah. A recent

drafting and design technology graduate. All kinds of

companies are picking up the tah to fly in men like him for employment interviews. Utah Tech men, that

is. Sound pretty far out for a 20year-old? At Utah

Technical College at Provo, not at all.

SEND FOR INFORMATION AND A FREE BROCHURE ALL ABOUT THIS GREAT COLLEGE'

UTAH TECHNICAL COLLEGE AT PROVO

P.O. BOX 1009 PROVO, UTAH 84601

June 1968 27 Joseph Fielding1 Smith From the

famed Tabernacle

on historic Temple

Square came

Pres. Joseph Fielding Smith

messages from some

of God's Pres. Hugh B. Brown

chosen servants President Pres. Thorpe B. Isaacson

David 0. McKay

during the

138th Annual

General Conference Pres. Alvin R. Dyer

THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

of The Church QQOOOa JO\ DQ ODD! of Jesus Christ a\

DDDDDD1 of Latterday Saints DODDDD! I

1 QQDQOQI nz)t Gordon B. Hinckley April 4, 5, 6, 1968 l QDDDDQ!a

THE COUNCIL

OF THE TWELVE ANDTHE PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH

NewWorldwide Mission Assignments forGeneral Authorities

The First Presidency of the Church has announced a realignment of 14 mission assignments for members of the Council of the

Twelve and other General Authorities who will assist them as area supervisors. The new

assignments are effective June 1. Previous

to the realignment, there were 12 mission areas.

South American

South, Andes, Andes North, 9 Council of the Twelve Assistant to the Twelve Argentine, Argentine

Brazilian, Brazilian South, First Council of the Seventy

Chilean, Uruguayan Alternates: Alma Sonne, Sterling W. Sill, Milton R. Hunter t

Loren C. Dunn.

% Gordon B. Hinckley

Bernard P. Brockbank

30 Improvement Era Address delivered at priesthood meeting Saturday evening 1, April 6, 1968

w Moral and Spiritual Values in Education

President David O. McKay

(Read by his son David Lawrence McKay) T "The Prophet Joseph Smith and those men as being peculiar to our nation at any given time depends on

President Brigham Young both saw in people. Well, if they only could have the opinions of its young men under

vision the place in the Rocky Mounknown it, that something is represented five and twenty."

tains to which the Saints would evenhere tonight by this large gathering of On this same thought, Roger W.

tually be driven. I am wondering the priesthood. That something is the Babson many years ago had the forewhether they also saw in vision such priesthood, the divine authority, the sight to comment as follows:

a gathering of priesthood as we have authority given from on high for each "Although the airplane opens up here in this Tabernacle and in the one to represent God in the particular boundless opportunities, it also threat- t more than 400 other buildings tonight. field in which that one is assigned ens limitless perils. All depends upon T

I think the Prophet must have seen it, to labor. whether we can match this flood of

lor he said: "... the Saints [will] I tell you, brethren, it is a wondernew material powers with an equal

become [a great and] a mighty ful thing to have the privilege of being gain in spiritual forces. The coming j—

people."(Documentary History of the one of this group and being considered generation can see in a minute more I

Church, Vol. 5, p. 85.) worthy to be a representative of the than the former generation could see V

I am impressed not only with the Most High. I said I was conscious of a in a week. The coming generation

power that you radiate, but also with great responsibility, too. The instance can outhear and outtravel the former

the responsibility that each one of you that I related—the remark made by generation. Horsepower has expanded

carries. I am reminded of an incithe renowned inventor of the airplane beyond all dreams. But what about

dent I have related on other occasions.—brings home to us the responsibility man power? What about spiritual

Some years ago, a dinner was given in of maintaining that something dispower, and the power of judgment, honor of Mr. Gordon>Rentschler, who tinctive which has impressed other discretion, and selfcontrol? Unless

was then chairman of the board of the renowned visitors who have been in there is a development of character

National City Bank of New York. our midst, and which in the future equal to this enlargement of physical

When that gentleman expressed his should continue to impress them. forces, there is sure trouble ahead.

appreciation for the honor bestowed We shall be privileged during this Twentyfive years ago, an intoxicated upon him, he said, among other things: meeting to witness a filmstrip on the man might tip the buggy over, but

"One of my first experiences timely subject "After High School, commonly the old horse would bring twentyodd years ago—Orville Wright What?"with a narration by Presihim home. Today, a driver under the

and I came here one day with four or dent Brown. influence of liquor, maims and kills.

five others. We went over to the Education, as this presentation will Tomorrow, therefore, is something to

temple grounds. We were taken portray, has always been an essential ponder over. Without moral progress,

around by some man-—-we never part of the gospel plan. Members of in pace with physical progress, the

learned his name. Here was an extrathe priesthood, especially, should seek airplane will merely make dissipaordinary individual telling the story constantly for that upliftment which tion more disastrous, immorality more

I think it was at noontime. Orville will qualify them for the good life widespread, and crime more efficient.

Wright and I came back to this hotel and service in the cause of the Master. As one result of the automobile has

[the Utah], and Orville said: 'You Well might we ask, "After ordination been to put hell on wheels, the airknow, that fellow has got something to the priesthood, what?"plane will put hell on wings unless

that we are all missing, and that is Education to be complete must inrighteousness, too, is speeded up. On

the reason these fellows are a great clude spiritual growth. In this sense, the development of character depends

people.'We spent one of the most youth need religion. whether the airplane shall bring

interesting hours I have ever spent in I shall offer only three reasons this prosperity or calamity."(Forum,

my life."evening for giving proper religious April 1931.)

Now, we do not arrogate to ourselves training to youth. "Science,"says Millikan, "without

the thought that we merit these adjecFirst: Youth should have religion in religion obviously may become a curse

tives. I am referring to it only because order to stabilize society. Goethe has rather than a blessing to mankind.

there was something which impressed rightly said that "the destiny of any But science dominated by the spirit of

June 1968 31 religion is the key to progress and the What is the best life to live in this work and my glory—to bring to pass

hope of the future."world in order to be most successful the immortality and eternal life of

Hayden gives a similar warning, as and to get the most happiness? (3) man."(Moses 1:39.) God's plan, God's

follows: "Today, as seldom if ever What is that inevitable thing called purpose, is the perfection of humanity.

before, human society is threatened death? What is beyond it? He does care; he does love his children.

with disintegration, if not complete If you want your answers to these He is not merely a blind force, not an chaos."Why? "All the ancient evils longings of the human soul, you must abstract power, but a living, personal

of human relationships, injustice, selfcome to the Church to get it. Only God.

ishness, abuse of strength, become true religion can satisfy the yearning Charles A. Dinsmore, formerly of

sinister and terrible when reinforced soul. At this point, we approach the Yale University, made the following

by the vast increase of material power. border line between science and restatement concerning God as a perThe soul of man cowers, starved and ligion. The line between the cold sonal being:

fearful, in the midst of a civilization facts of science and the revelation of "It is the eye of faith that sees grown too complex for any mind to the spirit is so fine that students need the broad horizons, the color and the visualize or to control. Joy and beauty to contact a mind that can and will gleam. Religion, standing on the

fade from human living. Yet life lead them from the real, the practical, known experience of the race, makes

abundant, beauteous, laughing life into that realm which satisfies the one bold and glorious affirmation. She

has been our agelong labor's end. soul. asserts that this power that makes for

What other conceivable worth has the Third: Youth need religion to comply truth, for beauty, and for goodness is

mastery of the material world, the exproperly'with the purposes of creation. not less personal than we. [And that

ploitation of the resources of nature There is a purposeful design permeatis the declaration of The Church of and the creation of wealth, except as ing all nature, the crowning event of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, that a basis for the release of the life of which is man. Here, on this thought, Jesus is not less personal than we, and

the spirit?"And then he adds: "We science again leads the student up to that his Father, the Eternal Father,

are witnessing either the crumbling a certain point, and sometimes leaves is a personal God.] This leap of

of civilization under the weight of its him with his soul unanchored. For faith is justified because God cannot

material mechanism, or the birth of a example, evolution's theory of the be less than the greatest of His works;

new organization with a spiritual creation of the world offers many perthe Cause must be adequate to the ideal."plexing problems to the inquiring effect. When, therefore, we call God

So much for the relation of religion mind. Inevitably, a teacher who depersonal, we have interpreted Him by

to the stabilizing of society. nies divine agency in creation, who the loftiest symbol we have. He may

Second: Youth need religion to satinsists that there is no intelligent be infinitely more. He cannot be less.

isfy the innate longing of the soul. purpose in it, undoubtedly impresses When we call God a Spirit, we use

Man is a spiritual being, and sometime the student with the thought that all the clearest lens we have to look at or another every man is possessed with may be chance. the Everlasting. As Herbert Spencer

a longing, an irresistible desire, to I say that no youth should be left has well said, 'The choice is not beknow his relationship to the Infinite. without a counterbalancing thought. tween a personal God and something

He realizes that he is not just a physiEven the skeptical teacher should be lower, but between a personal God cal object to be tossed for just a short fair enough to say that Charles Darwin and something higher.'"(Christianity

time from bank to bank, only to be himself, when he faced the great quesand Modern Thought, Yale University submerged finally in the everflowing tions of eventual annihilation, if creaPress, 1924.)

stream of life. There is something tion is dominated only by chance, We of The Church of Jesus Christ of

within him that urges him to rise wrote: "It is an intolerable thought Latterday Saints take our stand on

above himself, to control his environthat man and all other sentient things true education from what has been ment, to master the body and all things are doomed to complete annihilation, given to us in the scriptures. In the

physical, and to live in a higher and after such longcontinued, slow Doctrine and Covenants it was remore beautiful world. progress."vealed that: "Whatever principle of

James Russell Lowell, in his tribute And another good authority, Rayintelligence we attain unto in this life, to spring, says: mond F. West, lecturing on immorit will rise with us in the resurrection.

tality, said: "Why this vast expenditure "And if a person gains more knowl-

"Every clod feels a stir of might, of time and pain and blood? Why edge and intelligence in this life

An instinct within it that reaches and should man come so far if he is desthrough his diligence and obedience towers, tined to go no farther? A creature than another, he will have so much

And groping blindly above it for light, which has traveled such distances and the advantage in the world to come."

Climbs to a soul in grass and flowers."fought such battles and won such (D&C 130:1819.)

victories deserves, one is compelled to And also:

So there is in man not only an insay, to conquer death and rob the grave "It is impossible for a man to be stinct, but also a divinity that strives of its victory."saved in ignorance."(D&C 131:6.)

to push him onward and upward. The The facts are, and the student Southey tells us that on his walk one

sense is universal, and at some time in should so understand, that all the stormy day, he met an old woman to his life every man is conscious of pospreparation of earth is but an anticiwhom, by way of greeting, he made sessing it. pation of the crowning glory of creathe rather obvious remark that it was

Associated with this spiritual urge tion. Fosdick says: "The perpetuation dreadful weather. She answered philoare three great needs that remain unof personality is the highest thing in sophically that, in her opinion, "Any

changed throughout the centuries: (1) creation."This great thinker has come weather is better than none!"Likewise,

Every normal person yearns to know by reasoning to what Joseph Smith any education is undoubtedly better something of God. What is he like? received by revelation, which is one than none, but a free people, to remain

Is he interested in the human family, of the most sublime utterances in modfree, must ever strive for the highest or does he disregard it entirely? (2) ern scripture: "For behold, this is my and best.

32 Improvement Era Courses required of all students in only the survival of the individual mean those values which, when applied our public schools should include the freedom vouchsafed by the Constituin human behavior, exalt and refine important areas of study that directly tion and Bill of Rights and all other life and bring it into accord with the or indirectly provide the student with ideals for which the founders of the standards of conduct that are approved opportunities for spiritual growth and Republic fought and died, but also in our democratic culture.

religious inspiration. From such study the survival of the best that we cherYouth need religion. The world

it is reasonable to expect that our ish in presentday civilization throughneeds it. It is the world's greatest

students will better understand how out the world. The preservation of need!

vital has been the role of religion at these must come through education. God help us to teach the true religion

critical moments in history; how imThe Church stands for education. as revealed in this dispensation by the

portant spiritual insights in religious The very purpose of its organization is Lord Jesus Christ to Joseph Smith.

faith can be in the lives of men and to promulgate truth among men. MemGod bless you teachers in the Church

women; how closely related are human bers of the Church are admonished to schools, institutes, and seminaries, that

greatness and such qualities as honesty, acquire learning by study, and also by you may have the spirit of this great integrity, humility, generosity, and faith and prayer; to seek after everylatter-day work and lead the children

compassion. thing that is virtuous, lovely, of good to the realm of immortality and peace

We may expect in our students report, or praiseworthy. In this seekhere as well as happiness throughout

more idealism and less cynicism, more ing after, they are not confined to nareternity.

wholesome courage and faith in the row limits of dogma or creed, but are God bless you brethren. With all

future, and less pessimism and forefree to launch into the realm of the my heart I pray God to bless you, that boding fear. We may hope for ininfinite. every member of the Church, as well

creased tolerance of racial and religious But gaining knowledge is one thing, as everyone who holds the priesthood, differences, increased respect for those and applying it, quite another. Wismay sense the responsibility of memof opposite political views or for those dom is the right application of bership in the Church of Christ. If

of lower social and economic levels; knowledge, and true education—the we can only maintain the standards

increased awareness of the basic and education for which the Church stands of the gospel of Jesus Christ, the fuinviolable dignity of the individual—is the application of knowledge to ture of the Church is secure. Truly,

man or woman. We may contribute to the development of a noble and Godmen and women will see a light that

the development of a more sensitive like character. is not hidden under a bushel, but one

social conscience—a greater sense of A great and continuing purpose of that is set upon a hill, and they will

responsibility for the less fortunate in education has been the development of be attracted by it, and will be led to our society. We may even, perhaps, moral and spiritual values. To fulseek the truth more by our acts and

without knowing it, bring a boy or fill this purpose, society calls upon its deeds and by what we radiate girl closer to God. institutions. Special claims are made virtue and integrity, rather than by

I am repeating what we all know on the home and the school because what we say.

and feel when I say that our country's of the central role of these two institu- I pray God to bless us in this great greatest asset is its manhood and its tions in the nurture of the young. work in the name of Jesus Christ.

womanhood. Upon that depends not By moral and spiritual values, we Amen.

Address delivered at priesthood meeting Saturday evening, April 6, 1968

After High School, What?

Hugh B. Brown

in the Presidency First First Counselor

short, to all members of the Church Each of you is the heir of the ages. we are Brethren of the priesthood,

assembled this evening in this famous and to our fellowmen everywhere. But They who have gone ahead of you

Tabernacle and in hundreds of chapels our appeal is primarily to you who are have partially discovered and revealed and other meeting places throughout in that interesting but difficult period a world of wonder with limitless unthe United States and Canada in what between childhood and adulthood, charted fields ahead.

undoubtedly is the largest priesthood sometimes called adolescence, when Incidentally, we have often urged gathering in this dispensation, augyou no longer yield to the strict control our young people to carry their laughmented by a large audience who have of childhood but are not ready to ter over into their mature years. A

joined us on a TV broadcast. accept the full responsibilities of wholesome sense of humor will be a

We meet reverently in the name of adulthood. safety valve that will enable you to

the founder and head of the Church, Keep in mind the challenging fact apply the lighter touch to heavy our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, of that your aim is not to get ahead of problems and to learn some lessons in whose divinity we humbly bear others but to surpass yourself; to begin problem solving that "sweat and tears"

witness. today to be the person you want to be; often fail to dissolve. A line from

Under the direction of his Prophet, to immortalize today and all the toProverbs advises us that "a merry

President David O. McKay, the First morrows that lie ahead, in order that heart doeth good like a medicine: but

Presidency of the Church issues an your life may have eternal signifi- a broken spirit drieth the bones."

admonition and a charge that is dicance. Cultivate an unquenchable (Prov. 17:22.)

rected to youth and adults alike—in appetite for learning. We live in a fastmoving and rapidly

June 1968 33 changing society whose challenges are dresses of weeping and despairing busy erecting a temple and preaching awesome in scope and baffling in comwives, asking for bread; of the men of the newly restored gospel, they neverplexity. Ours is an atomic age, when genius it has wrecked, of the millions theless were admonished by the Lord

motion, action, and revolutionary who have struggled with imaginary through the Prophet to teach one anchange are constants. A new world is serpents produced by this devilish other "of things both in heaven and

bursting upon us with startling suddenthing. And when you think of the in the earth, and under the earth

ness and irresistible force—a world jails, of the almshouses, of the prisons, [general knowledge]; things which

which is at once auspicious and and of the scaffolds upon either bank have been [history], things which are ominous. The times require that we I do not wonder that every thoughtful [current events], things which must

prepare to meet the demands of the man is prejudiced against the damned shortly come to pass [prophecy] future, make the required sacrifices, stuff called alcohol."things which are at home, things

enjoy its rewards and priceless priviLet no one persuade you that the which are abroad; the wars and the

leges, and accommodate ourselves to improper use of narcotics, which is perplexities of the nations, and the the universal law of change. becoming somewhat common on some judgments which are on the land;

To that end, then, our first charge campuses, can in any way be beneand a knowledge also of countries and to you is "be prepared."Constantly ficial. of kingdoms."(D&C 88:79.) In

prepare and continue to prepare for the Some may tell you that certain short, a general and comprehensive future—your future—to which you are drugs expand the soul, but as Al Capp education.

expected to make significant contributold us in one of his comic strips: The early Mormon pioneers, despite

tions. Man's flight through life is "Marijuana and LSD expand the soul constant persecution, the continual upsustained by the power of his knowlin the same way that the atomic rooting of their homes, and the toil of

edge. bomb expanded Hiroshima."I hope subduing a hostile desert, kept educaThe preparation which we admonyou will remember that whenever you tion paramount in their thinking and

ish is but another word for education, are tempted to partake of narcotics. teaching. They brought books, charts,

with its attendant discipline, whether As Robert M. Hutchins of the Univerand textbooks on many subjects across

imposed or voluntary. sity of Chicago said: "I am not worried the desert plains with them.

Each one of you must face and about the economic future; I am worAs proof of their devotion to learnsolve the problem of what you are to ried about your morals.... The most ing, the early colonists, soon after

do after you graduate from high insidious, the most paralyzing danger their arrival in Utah, founded the school. This is one of life's pivotal you will face in life is the danger of University of Deseret—later to become

questions that must be answered by corruption."the University of Utah. Shortly thereyou with resolution and enthusiasm. after, they founded Brigham Young

Your answer, if buttressed by courage "For each descent from fair truth's Academy, Ricks College, and 30 addiand stamina, will determine in large lofty way, tional Churchsponsored academies, measure how you will spend the balFor each gross error which delays the each guided by Brigham Young's ance of your lives. It is, therefore, of soul, charge to Professor Karl G. Maeser

transcendent importance. By that soul's gloom and loneliness we that nothing be taught, not even the

But there will be temptations and pay, alphabet or the multiplication table, downdrag along the way—subtle And by the retarded journey to its without the Spirit of God!

whisperings intended to induce you to goal."Recently the First Presidency issued

forsake your quest for knowledge and a statement on the subject of educabe led into dangerous detours. BeRemember, the law of the harvest tion. In it they said, among other

ware that you do not yield to the is inexorable. "As ye sow, so shall ye things, "The Church has long ensometimes enticing but always false reap."The use of any harmful subcouraged its members, and especially

and souldestroying temptations to stance will impede your progress toits youth, either to obtain a college partake of things that God has said ward your goal. education or to become welltrained in

are not good for man. Education has always been recogsome vocation."

I quote Mr. [Robert G.] Ingersoll, nized by the Church as the number one In our fastgrowing industrial sowho certainly was not prompted by a obligation of each generation to its ciety, education has become a necesreligious motive, but who used his successor and of each individual to sity, for unless our young people are

marvelous rhetoric to strike at this himself. Each one of us is a divinely well trained, they will not be able to

common enemy, alcohol: "I believe, endowed, eternal, and intelligent being. obtain dignified and profitable emgentlemen, that alcohol,... demoralIt is incumbent upon us, therefore, to ployment in the future.

izes those who make it, those who sell encourage and keep alive the questing "The positions that do not require it, and those who drink it. I believe spirit, to learn and continue to learn education or training are decreasing

that from the time it issues from the everything possible about ourselves, our from year to year and soon will be coiled and poisonous worm of the fellowmen, our universe, and our God, nonexistent. We therefore strongly

distillery until it empties into the hell who is our Father. urge all young people to engage and

of crime, death, and dishonor, it deThe Prophet Joseph Smith said, "To continue in formal study of some kind moralizes everybody that touches it. be saved a man must rise above all beyond high school. Of equal im-

I do not believe that anybody can his enemies, not the least of which is portance is the selection of an educacontemplate the subject without beignorance."(See Documentary Histional program that takes into, account

coming prejudiced against this liquid tory of the Church, Vol. 5, p. 392.) each individual's interests, talents, and

crime. All you have to do, gentlemen, His deep and abiding interest in educagoals."

is to think of the wrecks upon either tion is shown by the fact that he In choosing the best academic probank of this stream of death—of the founded the first adult education program for the future, you will need

suicides, of the insanity, of the poverty, gram in America—the School of the help and guidance. First, go to your

of the ignorance, of the distress, of the Prophets. parents for advice. They have known

little children tugging at the faded Although the refugee Saints were you longer than anyone else and have

34 Improvement Era insight to it takes a mature into what aWe strongly urge all... to continue their education. >>

in succeed inare deeply life. They

terested in your future; they love you

with a selfsacrificing devotion that makes your wellbeing paramount to You may decide to go to a technical The Latterday Saint Student Assotheir own. Also, most of you are decollege or training school and prepare ciation has been established to bring

pendent upon them for financial help. for a trade. Here, too, this age of techinto correlated relationship all phases

Next, you should turn for help to nology demands thorough preparation. of Church activity. We desire to enyour Church leaders. Many of them Brigham Young, himself a painter courage and assist students in achievhave had experience in various fields. and glazier, said: "I believe in educaing a more significant academic,

They will be glad to counsel with you tion, but I want to see the boys and religious, and social education. We

and will join with you in seeking digirls come out with an education at seek to identify and meet the needs of vine guidance. their finger's ends as well as in their our students on specific campuses.

I was very glad this splendid chorus brains...."(M. Lynn Bennion, MorUnder the direction of the priesthood,

sang tonight "O My Father,"and as monism and Education [Salt Lake we try to develop Church programs they sang, I visualized a boy on his City: LDS Church, 1939], p. 105.) that will help our college students to

knees, calling out to his Maker: At a technical college you may recope with challenges they meet on

ceive training in drafting, electronics, college campuses as well as in life "O my Father, thou that dwellest farm technology, secretarial and office generally.

In the high and glorious place, skills, photography, computer proThe largest Churchrelated program

When shall I regain thy presence, gramming, and many other subjects. is offered through Brigham Young

And again behold thy face?"These courses vary in length from a University in Provo, Utah. This is the

(Eliza R. Snow, Hymns, 138.) few months to a few years, with mother institution of the Church

diplomas and certificates offered at School System, with a student enrollYour high school counselor will help their conclusion. ment of more than 20,000. Here you

you with special personal information. Training in your chosen field while are invited to obtain a degree in one

He has access to your academic file you are in military service is another of 13 colleges or in the graduate and can discuss with you your possibility. The United States Armed school.

strengths and weaknesses, your interForces Institute and similar military The central concern at Brigham ests and aptitudes. educational agencies make credit Young University, next to confirming

His guidance library will also have courses available in many branches of your faith in God, is gaining and iminformation that will prove to be of education. parting knowledge. BYU is receiving

real assistance in helping you make Many specialized schools offer trainwide recognition for achievement in important decisions. ing in art, music, drama, electronics, many fields of study and research.

The seminary and institute teachers business—even heavy equipment operThis academic excellence is made posalso will be able to help you to underation. Most of this training is bona sible by a professional, dedicated facstand and apply the educational profide, but the student must be disulty, where seriousminded students

gram of the Church. Other teachers criminating and selective and be sure will realize that the world today is

with specialized training will be glad that what he chooses will move him looking for the educated mind and the to inform you about their own fields toward his goal of an educated person skilled hand.

of interest. in the field of his interest and aptitude. Religious activity is an integral part

Also available to you are the services Some businesses and firms will acof all Latterday Saint education and of the Educational Information and cept a person immediately upon graduis available to all students. Many

Guidance Center. Its mission is to ation from high school and provide wards and stakes are organized on

assist all Latterday Saint students in onthe-job training with a beginning various campuses, with students assummaking their educational decisions. We salary, but this in most cases should ing nearly all of the leadership

encourage you to contact the center be merely a steppingstone. positions.

through any of the educational agenWe strongly urge all who have the Ricks College, a comprehensive cies of the Church. Representatives of aptitude, ambition, and gumption to junior college in Rexburg, Idaho, was

the center can give you information continue their education on the college founded in 1888 and is the oldest eduand guidance that will help you to level and beyond. No young person cational institution now engaged in

see more clearly the challenges and should aim lower than his capacities higher education in Idaho.

promises facing you. justify. The world of tomorrow will The several thousand students who

The final decision, however, is up make way for the specialist who is attend Ricks College may obtain an to you. You may consult with other trained to work mathematical formulas, associate degree for transfer to a fourpeople, examine your tests and gradeplead a case in court, discover a cure year institution, or may complete a

point averages, and get a better underfor a dread disease, develop new and one or twoyear terminal program in standing of yourself and your possibetter agricultural techniques, and so technical, business, secretarial, or nursbilities, but you must evaluate all that forth. ing fields.

is available, create an appetite for the For those of you who decide to purThe Church College of Hawaii is best, and then with ambition on fire sue a college education, the Church located on the island of Oahu. Its

and with undiscourageable pluck, conhas developed a variety of programs buildings were erected by Church tinue to make the final irrevocable to help in combining high academic building missionaries, and are the condecision. Remember, the most imtraining with spiritual growth. tribution of dedicated young men from

portant thing is not what you do but And that to me was the center of New Zealand, Tonga, and Samoa.

that you qualify to do it with excelthe President's remarks tonight: to add This college is intended for the

lence as you progressively find the religious training to all your other blessing of the Church members in activity which provides a continuing seeking for knowledge, and then on the Pacific, giving them a fully acchallenge and inspiration. your knees to ask God for guidance. credited fouryear course of study.

June 1968 35 Obviously, not all Latterday Saint acter is the aim of true education.... all the barriers of time and space

students who desire a college educaTrue education seeks to make men and which formerly lay between the "citition can enroll in one of the Churchwomen not only good mathematicians, zens of our world. Moscow and Washrelated schools. Therefore, a program proficient linguists, profound scientists, ington, D.C., are closer together today

of religious education in the institutes or brilliant literary lights, but also than Salt Lake City and Ogden were of religion has been set up near many honest men, with virtue, temperance, 100 years ago. We have become

college campuses throughout the and brotherly love. It seeks to make literally one human family, living in

country. men and women who prize truth, justhe same territory if not in the same

"We strongly urge students to enroll tice, wisdom, benevolence, and selfhouse. Former classifications of manin classes at the institutes so they can control as the choicest acquisitions of a kind are no longer valid, for we are

augment their secular learning with a successful life."(Era, Vol. 70 [Septemneither strangers nor foreigners any

religious education and spiritual exber 1967], p. 3.) more. God grant that Latterday

perience."(Statement of the First We urge all members, young and Saints may strive to be disciples of the

Presidency.) old, to keep in mind always that the Lord Jesus Christ and will be found

We now have 185 institutes of retrue purpose of life, both here and in the forefront of those who recogligion where advanced courses, suited hereafter, is to seek the joy of eternal nize the inherent dignity and worth of to the college environment, are progression. As the glory of God is every human being who walks this

available. intelligence, man can only share that earth, regardless of his race, color, or

At the institutes, students may glory through continuing education of creed.

participate in welldirected social prothe whole man. As the Lord himself May he bless and inspire you to

grams, enjoy many inspiring devotold Joseph Smith: "Whatever prinbelieve in yourselves and in the

tionals, and benefit from a counseling ciple of intelligence we attain unto availability of divine guidance. As

program headed by trained personnel. in this life, it will rise with us in the one young man in Vietnam was heard

At many universities and colleges resurrection. to say as he was going oilt and not

where there is no institute, Deseret "And if a person gains more knowlexpecting to come back:

Clubs have been formed. Their edge and intelligence in this life

major purpose is to bring together the through his diligence and obedience "I thank thee, God, that come what youth of the Church and to provide than another, he will have so much may, social and cultural experiences in the advantage in the world to come."I may stop along the way

harmony with the highest ideals and (D&C 130:1819.) At any time of night or day

standards. We charge you then, brethren and And talk to thee."

sisters, Saint to Latterday Business ColAt the be prepared—physically,

stuspiritually, lege, City, in Salt located mentally, Lake morally, aesthetiThe war which began in heaven dents may take a variety of business cally, and in every other way prepare and has been going on ever since—

courses leading to a threemonth cerfor what the glorious future holds. The war in which the immortal souls of

tificate, a oneyear diploma, or a twoChurch is making every possible prothe children of men are at stake—is

year associate degree. Here, too, an vision for all of its members to excel. about to reach a climactic point. This

institute program provides religious We commend to you some verses appeal, therefore, is in a very real training in conjunction with regular that have inspired some to believe in sense a call to arms.

classwork. themselves and to continue the quest The call to be prepared is sent to

Another Churchsponsored program for knowledge: each one of you by and from the

of education is that of continuing eduPresident of the Church, the Prophet cation courses available to those living "You may be what you will to be; of God. It is vital and of paramount

away from the university. These Let cowards find their false content importance. The preparation must

courses can be counted toward a In that poor word environment, begin at the center of your hearts and degree. But spirit scorns it and is free. extend to the end of your fingers and

In the many educational programs toes. Each one of you may become

developed by the Church, there is a "It conquers time; it masters space; the master of his fate, the captain of

place for you. Whether you desire It cows the boastful trickster chance, his soul.

a twoyear, fouryear, master's, or And bids the tyrant circumstance As David Sarnoff, the bestinformed doctor's degree, whether you desire Uncrown and fill a servant's place. man in his field today, said to a class

preprofessional training for any of a of students: "You face the new powers

variety of careers, technical training, "The human will—that force unseen, conferred by science to wreck or rebuild

business training, home study, or reThe offspring of a deathless soul the world, and the degree to which you ligious training on campuses not affiliCan hew its way to any goal, carry faith in God, in your fellowman ated with the Church, there is a Though walls of granite intervene."and in yourselves, together with a sense

program set up that will help you atof responsibility and continuing selftain your educational goals. We repeat, you may be what you discipline, by this you will be able to

The key to a wise, happy choice lies will to be, if you are willing to pay determine whether these tremendous in choosing what will be best for you the price. forces, now coming into your hands,

as an individual. In that way you May God bless and inspire you to will be used to build a better world

will find the satisfaction of becoming believe that because he is your Father or be responsible for its destruction....

a productive, contributing, and indethere is inevitably something of him The world needs the upsurge of pendent member of the Church and in you, and therefore, just as an acorn spiritual vitality to resist the current of society. The writer of the Proverbs may become an oak, so you, each one cynicism and materialism. The gradsaid, "Wisdom is the principal thing; possessing a divine spark, may deual elimination of physical hungers

therefore get wisdom: and with all thy velop into something like that from will deepen the more elemental hunger

getting get understanding."(Prov. 4:7.) which you came. for faith and salvation, for ageold

President McKay has said, "CharModern technology has eliminated values beyond the material and the

36 Improvement Era temporal, they will gnaw at the spirit thee forever and ever."(D&C 121: tinuing an education in all fields to

and the heart of man."4546.) which you may be led; and wherever

We need stout hearts to meet the Return again to that beautiful hymn, you may be led, remember that God, future, a future pregnant with unborn "O My Father,"and think of that boy your Father, is hovering over you, events and big with possibilities. We on his knees, saying: pleading for you, saying unto you,

need faith to try, hope to inspire, and "Come unto me...."(Matt. 11:28.)

courage to endure. "... let virtue "When I leave this frail existence, May his peace and blessing be with

garnish thy thoughts unceasingly; then When I lay this mortal by, us all. May we be inspired, each one

shall thy confidence wax strong in the Father, Mother, may I meet you of us, as we leave this building topresence of God; and the doctrine of In your royal courts on high? night, to make something of ourselves,

the priesthood shall distil upon thy Then at length, when I've completed to be better than we are, more soul as the dews from heaven. All you sent me forth to do, knowledgeable, more understanding,

"The Holy Ghost shall be thy conWith your mutual approbation more sympathetic, more inclined to stant companion, and thy scepter an Let me come and dwell with you."reach out for the underprivileged, and

unchanging scepter of righteousness to those who need help. I pray for

and truth; and thy dominion shall be That prayer will be progressively anhis blessing and peace to be with all

an everlasting dominion, and without swered upon your heads as you of us, humbly, in the name of Jesus compulsory means it shall flow unto qualify yourselves by getting and conChrist. Amen. O

Address delivered Sunday morning, April 7, 1968

"Lead Them Not Into Temptation..."

President N. Eldon Tanner

, Second Counselor in the First Presidency

One hundred thirtyfive years ago the whole world, with the scientific reviewing these dangers and statistics a prophet of God gave us a revelation evidence now available to everyone, regarding smoking. However, I do

that still applies to every man, woman, should, regardless of religion or race, wish to give a few facts and figures and child today, and that we should observe this scientific warning. regarding the evils of cigarettes.

heed. "A Word of Wisdom.... Given We read daily in newspapers and The British Royal College of Physifor a principle with promise, adapted magazines such startling headlines as: cians reported that 400 Britons per

to the capacity of the weak and the "Cigarette Blamed in Apartment Fire week, or 20,000 persons, died last weakest of all saints, who are or can and Death,""Youth Drug Craze Rises, year in Great Britain from lung cancer be called saints. Ending in Despair,""300 Pilot Deaths caused by cigarette smoking. Right

"Behold, verily, thus saith the Lord Laid to Alcohol."here in Utah it is estimated that 20

unto you: In consequence of evils and These point up clearly the dangers million dollars were spent in 1966 for

designs which do and will exist in of tobacco, drugs, and alcohol. Becigarettes, or $21.68 for every man,

the hearts of conspiring men in the cause of these great dangers, because woman, and child in the state, and last days, I have warned you, and foreof my own experiences and observathis is below the national average.

warn you, by giving unto you this tions, and because of the real concern The American Public Health Assoword of wisdom by revelation."(D&C we have for our youth, who will deciation has stated that one million

89:1-4.) termine the future of this great counschool age children today are expected

Among other things, he warns try and the world, I have chosen to to die of lung cancer before they reach against the use of tobacco and strong discuss the evils of alcohol, drugs, and the age of 70. These startling predicdrinks. And then he gives us this tobacco. tions should help us to realize that we

promise: "And all saints who remember Before doing so, however, I should must redouble our efforts to educate

to keep and do these sayings, walking like to make it abundantly clear that young people on the evil effects of in obedience to the commandments, throughout my life some of my close smoking so that they will be better preshall receive health in their navel and business associates have been men who pared to cope with this problem.

marrow to their bones; used tobacco and alcohol. Many of Having had a very close friend and

"And shall find wisdom and great them were very able and successful relative die of lung cancer caused by treasures of knowledge, even hidden in business; they were communitysmoking cigarettes, I feel a strong

treasures; minded and highly regarded, and I desire and determination to do what I

"And shall run and not be weary, certainly do not wish to criticize or can to save other youth from this and shall walk and not faint. question the character of these or other heinous habit. There is a big question

"And I, the Lord, give unto them a users of tobacco and alcohol. I do as to how effective any such campaign

promise, that the destroying angel most emphatically register my great will be when our youth are continushall pass by them, as the children of concern about the dangers connected ally confronted with adults, including

Israel, and not slay them."(D&C with their use. Many men have said: many in the teaching and medical pro89:1821.) "I wish I had never touched the weed, fessions, as well as their parents, going

We, as members of the Church, or drink. They are really a curse."around with cigarettes in their mouths.

have considered the Word of Wisdom So much has been said lately about Now, turning our attention to drugs, as a direction from the Lord himself, the dangers of tobacco that it might I wish to share with you just two of with a warning and a promise. Today seem redundant for me to spend time my experiences since the October conJune 1968 37

ference. Just before conference, a someone they would be glad to have successful oil well drillers in the

bishop called me from California to me use their story. province of Alberta, a man who was

make an appointment to bring in a She comes from a very fine family. wellrespected, highly regarded, and a

young man from his ward who was The father is a successful doctor, and good citizen, but who, as many others, involved with hippies. He felt I might the family has been active in the through social drinking, became an

be able to help him. They came in Church and in the community. They alcoholic. He was one of the fortunate

just after conference. His long hair, 'have one son who has filled a misones who, with the help of Alcoholics

dress, and general appearance left no sion, and another in the field now. Anonymous and, as he said, with the

doubt that he was a hippie. I asked They have an older daughter who is help of the Lord, was able to overcome

him to tell me his story. Briefly, this very highly regarded, active in the this dread disease.

is what he said: Church, and who was married in the One day, as I invited him to speak

"I am a returned missionary, a martemple. The girl about whom I am to a group of young people, his quick

ried man, and I have a child; and speaking is a fine, bright young girl, response was, "If I can help any youth

here I am, a hippie, a drug addict, and but she started chasing around with to understand the evil of alcohol and

I am guilty of many misdemeanors other girls and boys, some of whom what it will do to him, I am anxious and even felonies. I am most unwere using cigarettes, alcohol, and to do it."This was his story:

happy. This is not what I want."drugs; and rather than be considered "When I was in business, I used to

I asked him how it was that a man a "square,"she began to indulge, finddrink with the boys at cocktail parties with his background ever got mixed ing it easier than resisting the presand at receptions, never thinking it up with these people. He said that sure. In fact, she had no fear that was doing me any harm. In fact, I

one day when he was feeling desponshe would ever become an addict. never worried about it at all. Even

dent and discouraged, he decided that Through lack of communcation and when I found myself taking a third or he wanted to be free, that he did not failing to stay close to their daughter, fourth drink, and wanting a drink durwant to be bound by any traditions or and under the false assumption that ing the day when I knew I should not

Church restrictions in any way. He all was well, her parents were not be drinking, I had no idea that I was

went out with some of these fellows in aware of her actions until they finally really becoming an alcoholic. I re-

a spirit of rebellion, and then he said, learned, to their great horror and fused to accept the fact until I found "Here I am. Instead of being free, sorrow, that she was using tobacco, myself literally in the gutter.

I'm a slave. In a way I am a fugitive. alcohol, and drugs. Of course, they "The result was that my partner,

I wish you could help me. I just don't were heartbroken, and terribly embarmy business associates, and all who

know what to do."rassed, as they realized there was knew me and even my wife and family

Before he left, he assured me that nothing they could do but place her found that they could not depend on he would cut his hair and clean up and in an institution where they felt she me, and lost respect for me. As a

break away from these people, and could best be helped. She is there result, I lost my wife. After pleading

that he would turn himself over to the today; but through determination and and working with me, she divorced

law and do all he could to repent a real struggle and with the help of me, and I found that I was alone. I

and live as he should. The following the institution, she has progressed to had lost respect for myself, and had

is from a letter written by him and the point where she can come home lost my home, family, and everything.

dated March 22, 1968: weekends and be with her parents. "When I found myself in the gut-

"Dear President Tanner, I pray that As I talked to her, her big concern, ter, helpless and alone, I was persuaded you will know the true feelings of my and the concern of her parents, is what to go to Alcoholics Anonymous. With

heart at this time. I now live my life she will do when she is released. Will their help and my determination I was

inside prison walls. It is my desire she be free and feel secure? How will able to overcome the habit after

that others do not fall into the hands people accept her? She does feel determonths and months of severe struggle."

of Satan, as I did. If relating my exmined and sure, and we hope she is Then he pointed out that only about

periences to other young people like right, that she will be completely one out of five is able to overcome this myself can be of some worth in their cured. When I asked her if she would pernicious habit.

lives, this is my hope.... I'm thankhave the courage and strength to keep As he concluded, he said: "No man

ful that I was blessed with a bishop free of her former associates, she asknows when he takes a single drink who has been my closest friend sured me she could, and sorrowfully whether or not he will become an through all my trials. I'm grateful for said that several of them are either alcoholic. Therefore, no man, regardyour interest, President Tanner."in institutions or prison. She also less of his wealth or his position, can

The reason I use this young man as told me of some very sad cases in the afford to take one single drink of an example is that his background institution—one, a 19year-old boy, liquor."

should have given him the strength to who is entirely helpless. We read also He pled with every one of them not

resist or overcome, and it shows how of others threatening and committing to touch it, and then emphasized that dangerous it is for a man like him, let suicide. one out of every 15 who drink will

alone a youth who has no such ties or Such experiences should help parbecome an alcoholic, and often the responsibilities, to even associate with ents and youth to understand the brightest and most capable one, who those who tamper with drugs. His problems and great dangers confrontleast expects it, is the unfortunate one.

was a very sad case, and it touched ing them. Parents, be alert and on Now here is another story I tell with

my heart. guard. One of these could be your the permission of the parents, who

The next case I wish to share with own son or daughter. likewise expressed a real desire to do

you is similar to hundreds and hunNow I should like to direct our thinkeverything they can to help other dreds of others. I have talked to the ing to the alcohol problem, which is youth to avert a tragedy such as that

girl involved and to her parents; and so serious wherever we turn. May I which happened to their son.

though they know that many might tell you as accurately as I can the story In a file they handed me was a recognize them as the ones about whom told me by a man whom I knew very newspaper clipping, written before his

I am talking, they said if it will help well. He used to be one of the most tragedy, showing the picture of a fine38 Improvement Era

it iInstead of being free,'he said, 'I'm a slave.

In a way Tm a fugitive'- "

looking young lad, who had just been out to be alcoholics, nor to be drug all responsible citizens to accept their elected president of the junior class addicts, nor to suffer and die with responsibilities, to guard and protect in high school. The article said: cancer of the lungs or some other our youth against the evils and designs

"Wherever activity is bubbling or pulmonary disease. of conspiring men who are deterleadership is needed, that's where However, they see people drinking mined by every available means to

you'll find Jim. As a leading figure in all around them—men and women lead them to destruction. We cannot

school plays, student government, and who are leading citizens. They see it stand by and let our youth be destroyed

class activities, his leadership abilities in their homes with no evident ill because of our neglect. We must lead

have always been outstanding."effects. They see it advertised in all them not into temptation, but deliver

Here was a boy with the promise of the popular magazines, in the daily them from evil.

a happy and successful life. But one press, on every television set, in There are those who argue that in

night, he did not come home as usual many movies, and on the billboards; the interests of tourism, liquor should

after closing up a service station where and they hear it over radio. Yes, and be made more easily available. Surely

he worked. His worried parents these advertisements are shown with every mother, father, and worthy citistarted a search, which ended in the welldressed, healthylooking, successzen can see the folly of this and what

early morning hours with the father ful businessmen, with big cars and fine it would do to our youth. We must

finding his son's beaten and bruised offices, with young men and women not sell our heritage for a mess of body in the back seat of a parked engaged in all kinds of sports, attendpottage. There are better ways to

car. He had been dead for sometime. ing socials where people are standing encourage tourists.

Just imagine the shock and sorrow of around with a cigarette in one hand I cannot imagine any father or neighhis parents! and a glass in the other, all seeming bor wanting to contribute in any way

At the inquest the brokenhearted to have a good time. to his or his neighbor's boy's becoming

parents learned that Jim had joined a How can our youth resist without an alcoholic in order to get tourists couple of the hometown boys and a our help? These highpower adverinto our area. Example is the greatest

couple from a neighboring town. After tising media never show a man or of all teachers. In the interests of our

they had purchased and consumed woman nursing a bad headache the youth, I pray that we may all heed liquor, a fight ensued between the local morning after, nor do they show the the warning of the Lord that alcohol boys and the outof-towners. Apparcrumpled cars, the mangled bodies, or is not good for man. We must take

ently someone knocked Jim down, the broken homes, or men lying in the a stand against liquor by the drink ran into him with a car, and then gutter. Nor do they show a man facand any and every other move that

placed his body in the back seat of ing a doctor who has just told him that would make liquor more easily availthe car where it was later found. The he has cancer of the throat or lungs, or able.

parents also learned that this was only patients in a hospital being fed with a It is the responsibility of every the third time he had ever been drinktube through the nostril because they citizen and in the best interests of ing. He never dreamed that taking cannot swallow. our youth and our future to see that

his first drink would lead to his un- I am sure that many will say, "Why enforceable restrictive legislation is timely death. all this gory stuff?"No, I have omitted enacted and enforced to keep our youth

We could talk on and on and give much of the gory stuff, the many, many from this pernicious practice.

statistics, facts, and figures to show that really sad and heartbreaking experiIt is my testimony to all that those experiences similar to those I have reences happening to families every day. who heed the words of the Lord spoken

lated are happening by the hundreds We must face the facts; we must do through a prophet, and who keep his

and thousands. It is estimated that our part. commandments, "shall find wisdom

60 percent of our adult population in I have read with interest Dr. Wiland great treasures of knowledge, even

the United States today consumes liam Terhune's ten commandments on hidden treasures; And shall run and

some quantity of liquor. There are how to lessen the chance that we will not be weary, and shall walk and not

some outstanding executives, business become alcoholics. The last two of faint."And the Lord has promised

and professional men, who are very them are: "that the destroying angel shall pass

successful and highly regarded, and "Never take a drink to escape disby them, as the children of Israel, and for whom I have great respect, who comfort, either physical or mental,"not slay them."(D&C 89:1921.)

indulge in the use of liquor in some and "never take a drink in the morning, With the testimony I have that God degree. thinking it will offset a hangover."lives and that Jesus is the Christ, the

I know too that their using alcohol I should like to submit one comSavior of us all, and that they are will influence many of our youth to mandment as a substitute for his ten interested in our welfare, I humbly become social drinkers. It saddens me, which would be much more effective, pray that the Spirit and blessings of

however, to know that out of every 15 and that is: "Never take a drink."the Lord will help us to do all in our

of them, one will become an alcoholic. Alcoholism is one disease which no power to protect our youth against the

One's heart always goes out to a one needs to have. The only sure way evils and designs that do and will exist

neighbor or friend and his family who to be free of it is to never take a drink. in the hearts of conspiring men, that

have to endure the miseries of alcoOn behalf of the First Presidency, we may lead them not into temptation holism. and with their approval, I appeal to but deliver them from evil, for his

I am convinced that our youth do every member of the Church to keep is the kingdom, and the power, and the not want to be bad. They do not set the Word of Wisdom strictly, and to glory forever. Amen. O

June 1968 39 Address delivered Friday morning, April 5, 1968

Be True and Faithful to Every Covenant

President Joseph Fielding Smith

Of the First Presidency and President of the Council of the Twelve

z My dear brothers and sisters, it is a to live so that we will know his truth that, but we will inherit the same pleasure to me to have the privilege and be able to walk in its light, that blessings and privileges, opportunities of being here with you in this conwe may, through our faithfulness and of advancement that he possesses, so ference. our obedience, come back again into that in course—I may say of time, but

We as Latterday Saints have a great his presence. I will say of eternity—we may become

many duties to perform. I wonder if If we will just be true and faithful like him, having ourselves kingdoms

we do not sometimes get a little careto every covenant, to every principle of and thrones.

less, a little thoughtless, a little netruth that he has given us, then after If any of you who are here present glectful; and we do not pay attention the resurrection we will come back prefer, when you get on the other side,

to the simple things that belong to the into his presence and we will be just to be a servant and perhaps go into gospel. like he is; we will have bodies that the terrestrial kingdom, you will have

I wonder if we ever stop to think will shine like the sun. Moreover, if that privilege. You do not have to keep

why the Lord has asked us to pray. we are faithful and true while we are other commandments. You do not

Did he ask us to pray because he wants here, we will be his sons and his need to pay your tithing; you do not

us to bow down and worship him? Is daughters. even have to be baptized for the remisthat the main reason? I don't think it But the Lord is going to make a sion of your sins, if you want to go

is. He is our Heavenly Father, and we great segregation after the resurrection into those other kingdoms. But if you

have been commanded to worship him of mankind, and many—in fact, the want to go into the presence of God

and pray to him in the name of his greater part of the inhabitants of this and dwell in the celestial kingdom and

Beloved Son, Jesus Christ. But the Lord earth—will not be called the sons and see the glories of exaltation, then you

can get along without our prayers. His daughters of God, but they will go into must live by every word that proceeds

work will go on just the same, whether the next world to be servants. The forth from the mouth of God. We

we pray or whether we do not. He Lord said in that wonderful sermon must pray to keep humble, to draw

knows the end from the beginning. we call the Sermon on the Mount: nearer to our Father in heaven, that

There are many worlds that have "Enter ye in at the strait gate: for we might be in closer communion

passed through the same experience wide is the gate, and broad is the way, with him.

that we are going through. He has that leadeth to destruction, and many We must learn to be truthful,

had sons and daughters on other there be which go in thereat: obedient, sincere, having the willingearths, where they have had the same "Because strait is the gate, and narness to walk by every commandment

privileges and the same opportunities row is the way, which leadeth unto the Lord has given.

to serve him and the same commandlife, and few there be that find it."When a man confesses that it is

ments that we have had given to us. (Matt. 7:1314.) hard to keep the commandments of

Prayer is something that we need, not Eternal life is the great gift held in the Lord, he is making a sad confesthat the Lord needs. He knows just reserve for all those who are willing sion: that he is a violator of the

how to conduct his affairs and how to to keep the commandments of the gospel law. Habits are easily formed.

take care of them without any help Lord. All will receive the resurrection. It is just as easy to form good habits as

from us. Our prayers are not for the Is that eternal life? No, not in the it is to form evil ones. Of course, it is

purpose of telling him how to run his words of our Father in heaven. We not easy to tell the truth if you have

business. If we have any such idea as call that immortality, the right to live been a confirmed liar. It is not easy

that, then of course we have the wrong forever. But the Lord has put his own to be honest if you have formed habits

idea. Our prayers are uttered more for interpretation upon eternal life. Eterof dishonesty. A man finds it very

our sakes, to build us up and give us nal life is to have the same kind of difficult to pray if he has never strength and courage, and to increase life that our Father in heaven has, and prayed.

our faith in him. to be crowned with the same blessings On the other hand, when a man has

Prayer is something that humbles and glories and privileges that he posalways been truthful, it is a hard thing the soul. It broadens our comprehensesses, that we might become sons and for him to lie. If he has always been

sion; it quickens the mind. It draws daughters of God, members of his honest and he does some dishonest

us nearer to our Father in heaven. We household. thing, his conscience protests very

need his help; there is no question To become sons and daughters of loudly. He will find no peace, except

about that. We need the guidance of God, we have to keep all of the covein repentance. If a man has the spirit

his Holy Spirit. We need to know nants that belong to the gospel and be of prayer, he delights in prayer. It is

what principles have been given to us true to them to the end of our lives. easy for him to approach the Lord with

by which we may come back into his Then'we will inherit; we will be assurance that his petitions will be

presence. We need to have our minds called heirs. We will be joint heirs answered. The paying of tithing is

quickened by the inspiration that with Jesus Christ—to inherit what? not hard for the person fully concomes from him; and for these reasons Not that he is going to step down from verted to the gospel, who pays his

we pray to him, that he may help us his throne that we may ascend. Not tenth on all that he receives. The Lord

40 Improvement Era has given us a great truth: his yoke is to get in by some other way, he is and nothing more, will never reach the

easy, his burden is light, if we love to classed as a thief and a robber. Why? goal of perfection.

do his will! The Lord has said: Because he is trying to obtain eternal Service must be given in behalf of

"Therefore, O ye that embark in life by fraud! He is trying to obtain others. We must extend the helping

the service of God, see that ye serve a reward of exaltation by counterfeit hand to the unfortunate, to those who him with all your heart, might, mind coin, and this cannot be done. have not heard the truth and are in

and strength, that ye may stand blameObedience to the gospel ordinances spiritual darkness, to the needy, the less before God at the last day."is required of all men, and they canoppressed. Are you failing? Let us

(D&C 4:2.) not enter into the kingdom without think of the words of the poet, Will L.

If we will all serve him in this way, complying with the law the Lord has Thompson, as we think about being we will have plenty to do. The Father given. saviors on Mount Zion. The poem

asks nothing inconsistent with reason Our Savior came into the world starts this way:

but that which is in harmony with his to teach us love for each other, and law, and which he himself obeys. Can as that great lesson was made manifest "Have I done any good in the world

you imagine our Eternal Father and through his great suffering and death today?

Savior doing nothing? that we might live, should we not Have I helped anyone in need?

So we see that the great work of the express our love for our fellowmen by Have I cheered up the sad,

Father, and of the Son, is not for self service rendered in their behalf? And made someone feel glad?

alone. They work, as they have Should we not show our appreciation If not I have failed indeed."

worked hitherto, for the benefit of for the infinite service he rendered us, (Hymns, 58.)

man. When a man joins the Church, by giving service in his cause?

it is on the principle of faith in the The man who does only those things I hope and pray that none of us

Father and in the Son and in the Holy in the Church which concern himself fail in our service to our Father in

Ghost. It is on the principle that he alone will never reach exaltation. For heaven. May the Lord continue to

accepts all that pertains to the gospel. instance, the man who is willing to bless us one and all and keep us in the

These requirements are made of all pray, to pay his tithes and offerings, path of truth and righteousness, I men who seek repentance and a place and to attend to the ordinary duties humbly pray, in the name of the Lord in the kingdom of God. If a man tries which concern his own personal life, Jesus Christ. Amen. O,

Address delivered Saturday afternoon, April 6, 1968

The Rebirths of Life

President Alvin R. Dyer

Of the First Presidency

I feel standing by my side this day upon two occasions, once as a boy of struggled with all my strength but to my dear wife. She, with my family, deacon age when I foolishly placed a no avail. Then I realized my plight

has been a great support to me in every smallheaded hat pin about two and and that I faced drowning and would effort to serve the Lord. a half inches long into my mouth. I never see my loved ones again in this

Many years ago a noted lawyer was seated on a couch by the window life. In a few seconds reflected events

sought out Jesus of Nazareth to inquire in our home when a tremendous clap in my life raced through my mind.

of him the requirements that man of thunder so startled me that I swalAgain I sought by intense supplication

I a condition pin. to in that seeking for the from realized adhere I be rescued the hatmust lowed way When I t

failing to life. into all I to thrust eternal by myself over done, answer which with had I shook had what The

the Lord gave, though simple, was not fear. I fell to my knees praying that heed the beach warning of a posted

easily understood by this man schooled this accident would not take my life. red flag.

in the wisdom of men. I promised the Lord then and there as I shouted at the top of my voice

The Lord gave him this answer: that a boy that I would serve him all my for help, and in spite of the roar

man must be "born again"if he is to days. I believe that in that comof the surf and foggy atmosphere, my

enter the kingdom of heaven and dwell munication with God, I had a new cry for help was heard by a lifeguard, eternally in the enlightened presence birth. who reached me in a rowboat as my

of God the Father and his Son Jesus Upon another occasion, with my strength was nearly exhausted.

Christ. (See John 3:1-5.) wife and two children, I arrived at the We reached shore, and after exBeing born again is an essential part beach in Santa Monica, California, pressing my gratitude for the alertness

of conversion to the gospel, as Jesus after a hot drive over the desert in a car of the guard, I sat down on the sand instructed Nicodemus. Men, in a that was not airconditioned. We to meditate and give thanks to my

similar way, perhaps with less portent, were soon in our bathing suits and Heavenly Father. I believe I had a

have many rebirths in different ways found our way to the beach. My new birth that day of what it meant

in the course of a mortal lifetime. wife and the children stopped to play to be alive, with a compelling inward

Usually these are associated with imin the sand and enjoy the cool breeze. feeling to try to live a worthwhile life.

portant events or near tragedies. But But this was not enough for me. I Perhaps to be born again means to

being born again is part of regeneraplunged into the ocean, swimming out have another chance, to renew one's tion in the changing vicissitudes of farther than I realized, and when I effort to measure up. I have felt this

life. attempted to swim back, I found myway many times in life as calls have

I recall now being near unto death self held by a swirling undertow. I come to serve the Lord. I felt this

June 1968 41 There is another declaration from the Lord giving assurance that came at "This is the work of the Lord... and we have no need to aSaintstimewereof forcedgreat trouble,to leave whenthe consethe

fear its triumphant outcome. souri,crated whichland ofhadJacksonbeen designatedCounty, Misby

There is a prophet of God thethey Lordwere asto receivea placetheirof refugeinheritances,where presiding, through whom God is speaking...."andannouncedwhere thatthe Lordthe cityin ofhis thetimeNewso

Jerusalem will be built. The Prophet

Joseph Smith fervently prayed to the

Lord for the reasons for this setback, and he also sent a letter to the bewildered and griefstricken Saints, in which he recognized the great sufferway when I was called to the apostleman on the tower"with regard to the ing of the Saints in Missouri at that ship at the October conference of last consecrated land of Missouri, a destime and how the innocent were year. Once again, this day, I feel tined, consecrated place in the great paying for the sins of the guilty within

as though a new birth is in the offing. latterday work of our Heavenly the ranks of the members.

I often feel a remorse in the thought Father. I quote from that letter:

thatmen—andI mightalsonot perchancehave thoughttheywellhaveof PresidentI have hadMcKaya sensemanyof closenesstimes. Onlywith restrain"... itmyis withfeelingsdifficultywhenthatI Iknowcan

not thought well of me. There are recently, as he listened to his son, that you, my brethren, with whom I

some issues that men pursue to which Dr. [Edward R.] McKay, relate the have had so many happy hours

I am opposed, but I try not to have experiences of his childhood at the sitting, as it were, in heavenly places adverse feelings toward the men who time the manhood award was prein Christ Jesus; and also, having the

pursue them. sented to President McKay at Brigwitness which I feel, and ever have

If my life should end now, or if I ham Young University, I noted felt, of the purity of your motives should fail in the regeneration of being that tears were streaming down his are cast out, and are as strangers and born again, I would be grateful for face as his son recalled the events of pilgrims on the earth, exposed to hunwhat I have had of it. his father's life with his brother ger, cold, nakedness, peril, sword—

I am grateful beyond measure for Thomas. And I couldn't resist placing say when I contemplate this, it is with

the understanding heart of President my arms about him and placing my difficulty that I can keep from comMcKay, whom I dearly love. Our cheek against his, which was wet with plaining and murmuring against this

affection and relationship go back tears. I am most grateful for his condispensation; but I am sensible that

many years. fidence and will never betray it. this is not right, and may God grant

As I reflect upon this now, and I I appreciate the confidence of my that notwithstanding your great afflicknow he will be watching and listenbrethren so manifested to me. I have tions and sufferings, there may not be

ing, I remember his unsolicited visit unbounded respect for their devotion anything separate us from love of to a ward sacrament meeting when I and courage in the administrative Christ."(DHC, Vol. 1, p. 454.)

was serving as a bishop many years affairs of the Church. It is from the answer that the Lord

ago. He said he had come of his own This is the Lord's work, my brethren gave to the Prophet Joseph Smith

will because he had learned of the and sisters, and we have no need to at that time that I often find words of success we had had in holding our fear its triumphant outcome. There consolation and assurance that can

young people. His visit to those who is a prophet of God presiding, through be used in many sequences, for this

were there will never be forgotten, whom God is speaking, as I have witis what the Lord said to the Prophet and to me it was the real beginning of nessed upon so many occasions. in the midst of these difficulties:

an appreciation for a great man, truly I called to mind, as I contemplated "Therefore, let your hearts be com- a prophet of God who is inspired and what I might say upon this occasion, forted concerning Zion; for all flesh

is still at the helm of this Church. the words of the Lord unto the Prophet is in mine hands; be still and know

I recall now with great feeling his Joseph Smith at a time of frustration. that I am God.

telephone calls and letters that came And what was true then is equally "Zion shall not be moved out of to me while I was presiding over the true today, for we truly are living in her place, notwithstanding her children

European Mission, always evidencing times of frustration. Here are the are scattered.

a deep interest and always conveying words of the Lord's counsel: "They that remain, and are pure in

assurances. One such call came to me "The works, and the designs, and heart, shall return, and come to their

at two o'clock in the morning in farthe purposes of God cannot be frusinheritances, they and their children, off Norway, as I lay sleepless on my trated, neither can they come to with.songs of everlasting Joy, to build

bed and when I needed some kind of naught. up the waste places of Zion."(D&C

assurance because of something that "For God doth not walk in crooked 101:1618.)

had transpired to which I could not paths, neither doth he turn to the right The particular declaration of the reconcile myself in the affairs of the hand nor to the left, neither doth he Lord here is this: "All flesh is in my

overall mission. The voice of Presivary from that which he hath said, hands; be still and know that I am

dent McKay at that very hour was therefore his paths are straight, and God."

like a light from heaven. his course is one eternal round. This is God's work, my brethren

And more recently, I am deeply "Remember, remember that it is not and sisters. It will not fail. Of this

grateful for his assignment that he has the work of God that is frustrated, but I testify, in the name of Jesus Christ.

given to me personally to be a "watchthe work of men."(D&C 3:1-3.) Amen. O

42 Improvement Era Friday Morning Session, April 5. 1968

Patience—An Essential Virtue

Franklin D. Richards **itj>gp"

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve T "President McKay, my dear brothers wellbeing, we are inclined to overFrequently, patience is developed and sisters: President McKay, we look the importance of patience and when coupled with repentance: a

love you. We have been blessed and are apt to become impatient. It is changing of one's attitude, a controlinspired this morning as we have well to remember, however, that there ling of one's temper, or some other

received the great messages from you are many hazards connected with imcorrective action. But patience comand President Smith. And now, my patience. One of the greatest is that bined with prayer, repentance, faith,

sisters, brothers and and works will overcome obstacles of self—physibless the Lord will nature. or in every me withI prayhis Spiritthat cally,of overextendingmentally, financially,one's

as I speak to you this morning. many ways. Patience means persevering, and

As the foundations of the Church In 1828 the Lord, in a revelation to persevering means work—mental and

were being laid in this dispensation, the Prophet Joseph Smith, said, "Do physical.

revelations wonderful faster or were given labor many not run more than you President quote used to Grant Ralph c

.. for the of those engaged guidance strength. 10:4.) I in have perEmerson:."(D&C "That which Waldo we

the great work. By exercising patience, we will not sist in doing becomes easy to do, not \ Although some revelations were be inclined to run faster or labor more that the nature of the thing has T

given to particular persons, we know than our strength justifies. changed, but that our power to do L

that they were generally for the edifiIn this regard, an adage that has it has increased."

cation and direction of all who would been particularly helpful and inspiraIt is not unusual for one to develop heed them, whether at that time or at tional to me is: "Survey large fields, the idea that the grass on the other

a later date. but cultivate small ones."Often we side of the fence is greener. But in

One of the great revelations was want to cultivate large fields before we every aspect of life we should realize given in February 1829 through the are properly prepared and equipped to that "a rolling stone gathers no moss."

Prophet Joseph Smith to his father, do so. Assuming that moss in this axiom

and is recorded in Section 4 of the Concentrating on an immediate means the better things of life, then

Doctrine and Covenants. task while envisioning and planning patience or staying on the job or

The revelation commences with the for extensive growth requires genuine magnifying one's calling will bring declaration that a marvelous work is patience, and patience is very essenthese better things to us. Then to

about to come forth among the chiltial to sound growth and development. develop patience, "don't expect too

dren of men. Some might construe patience to be much too soon."Make the most of

Qualities necessary for success in his a negative force, resulting in resignawhat you have.

service are then given and include: tion and discouragement. However, Exercise patience in the matter of

"... faith, virtue, knowledge, temperpatience is a great stabilizing influbuying a new home, a new car, furniance, patience...."(D&C 4:6.) ence in our lives, while impatience ture, or other important things. Get

In today's world of uncertainty, frequently brings fear, tensions, disout of debt and stay out of debt; here

pressures, strains, and tribulations, pacouragement, and failure. patience will reward you with peace of

tience is a very essential virtue. In a revelation given through the mind, happiness, and success.

The dictionary definition of patience Prophet Joseph Smith to his brother A young person should plan and is: to be undisturbed by obstacles, Hyrum in May 1829, the Lord counpatiently prepare for a mission years

delays, or failures, to be able to bear seled Hyrum in regard to his assignahead of the time he leaves, providing strain and stress, to be persevering, ment, saying, "... be patient until he wants to perform an outstanding

and the ability to exercise forbearyou shall accomplish it."(D&C 11:19.) mission.

ance under provocation. Here patience is identified as a posiThe planning and obtaining of one's

The apostle Paul, in writing to the tive force and as a requisite to accomeducation is especially important in

Roman saints, said, "... we glory in plishment. It is important to realize this day and age, and;> of course,

tribulations... knowing that tribulathat patience can be a tremendous planning and preparing for one's votion worketh patience; And patience, positive force when combined with cation become a significant part of

experience; and experience, hope."prayer, faith, and works. In this light planning and obtaining one's educa-

(Rom. 5:3-4.) let us further consider the great value tion. Faith and patience are vital

And so our trials and tribulations, of patience and how it can be to accomplish these desired objectives.

as we meet them with patience, give developed. Hasty courtships tend to create unus valuable experiences and prepare us One way to develop patience and happy marriages and often result in

for challenges that lie ahead. to make it a positive force is to carefully divorce. Be patient in the selection of

Likewise, it is possible to glory in plan our activities and set realistic a husband or wife. Be patient and

health, prosperity, and happiness, as objectives and goals. Sound planning take sufficient time to prepare for a

well as in tribulations. All of life's requires meditation, patience, and temple marriage. Here is one place

experiences provide us with opporprayer. President McKay has frewhere your patience will be rewarded

tunities to develop patience. quently referred to the great benefits with eternal blessings.

In periods of health, prosperity, and to be derived from meditation. Our need for continual patience is

June 1968 43 greatest with our loved ones, our famHow important this counsel is to us that we are following the Savior's ily. Here is where we may be the today: "Be not weary in welldoing."teachings, to do good to those who

most impatient, but here is where paBe patient in your home teaching and despitefully use us and to turn the tience pays the greatest dividends. other teaching assignments, in your other cheek.

Nothing is sweeter than to watch a home evenings, and in all relationships Patience is truly a mighty virtue, loving parent patiently teach his child with one another. and can be developed as we recognize

the right way. A father stood by his I recall that in our stake mission our its importance and make up our minds

small son in a swimming pool. The missionaries called on one nonto be patient in our own life as well

boy wanted so much to learn to swim. member family at least once every as with others.

The father patiently showed him how. three months, covering a period of I encourage you to develop patience

Day after day they returned to the two and a half years, but were never in your daily lives and enjoy the pool, the father always evidencing invited into the home. Then on the satisfaction of accomplishment, free

patience and appreciation for the boy's next visit they were invited in. This from many of the customary pressures

efforts. This same method is used by family was then taught the gospel. and strains incident to modern living.

truly successful parents in teaching As they studied, prayed, and attended I am grateful for my knowledge of their children the lessons of life—soChurch, they received testimonies and the gospel and that the gospel incial, moral, intellectual, and spiritual were baptized. corporates the remarkable principle

as well as physical: telling, showing, The reward of patiently persevering of patience. I am most thankful for

over and over, until the lesson is in this case was the bringing of an the patience my Father in heaven has learned, always with patience, love, entire family into the kingdom of God. evidenced with me in my life.

and appreciation of every evidence of As one reviews the various areas of I am grateful for my testimony that progress, no matter how small. life's activities and appreciates the God lives and that Jesus Christ is our

Patience and perseverance in Church many human inadequacies, the great Savior and Redeemer. I thank God

work also pay tremendous dividends, value of patience becomes more and for the Prophet Joseph Smith and for as in all other areas of life's activities. more evident. our present President and Prophet,

As early as 1831 the Lord, in a Sometimes we are misunderstood, David O. McKay, both of whom have

revelation given to the Prophet Joseph even by those who are closest to us. exemplified in their lives this great

Smith, counseled the elders of the Under such circumstances, patience quality of patience.

Church to "be not weary in welldoing, will develop within us the capacity And may I close with the words of for ye are laying the foundation of a to accept criticism and censure, the apostle Paul to the Hebrew saints, great work. And out of small things whether we feel such criticism is war- '... let us run with patience the race

proceedeth that which is great."ranted or not. This ability to exercise that is set before us."(Heb. 12:1.)

(D&C 64:33.) forbearance under provocation means In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.O

We Would See Jesus

Sterling W. Sill

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

My brothers and sisters, I would like sage of a king. And for the time being greatest significance for every age.

to recall to your minds one of the great he was their king, and the voices of That is, what could be more helpful scenes of the holy scriptures. It has the multitude sounded in reverberating in our own days of miracles, atheism,

been referred to as the Lord's triharmony, saying, "Hosanna to the and crime than for everyone to have umphal entry into Jerusalem. After a son of David: Blessed is [the King of an unshakable testimony of, and an

long absence, Jesus and his disciples Israel,] that cometh in the name of the inspiring personal relationship with, were making their way toward the Lord "(Matt. 21:9.) the divine Ruler of this earth.

3 temple for what was to be the last This picturesque scene might well Since that long ago day, some nine- 1 three days of the Lord's public minsymbolize another coming, as the teen wide centuries have come and istry. As he came near the historic scripture projects our minds ahead to gone. And we now have the judgment

city, he wept because of the wickedness that time when with holy angels he of time shining upon the life of Christ,

J of its people. will appear in flaming fire to cleanse enabling us to see it in clearer perspecThe feast of the passover was at the earth of sin and to inaugurate the tive. We are now aware that he is

hand, and as he approached the city, millennial era of a thousand years of much more than a prophet from other travelers, Jerusalem bound, peace, during which he will reign perNazareth. He is also the Son of God,

merged with his party at the crosssonally as King of kings. the Savior of the world, the Author of

roads. Soon there was an imposing Among those attending this particulife, the Redeemer of men, and the

procession, with Jesus as the central lar passover were certain Greeks who giver of all good things. By our abfigure, riding upon a colt, in fulfillsought a conference with the Master. sorbing the spirit of his life, underment of an ancient prophecy. As they In making their request through Philstanding his doctrines, and following

entered the Holy City, the people cast ip, they said, "Sir, we would see Jesus."his example, this ancient Grecian rebranches of palm trees in his path, (John 12:21.) In these five words they quest to see Jesus might well be

thus carpeting his way as for the paswere also voicing an idea that has the granted in our own behalf. Certainly

44 Improvement Era this request should represent the uni- "His blood be on us, and on our principles are the principles of the versal desire of all people, for as the children"(Matt. 27:25), and so it has gospel of Jesus Christ. Water is also

sun is the center of the solar system, been, and so it may be with us. We a symbol of cleanliness, and Jesus

so is the Redeemer the center of our are so near and yet we may be so indicated that after cleansing ourlives. Without the sun our solar sysfar away. We are standing on the selves with the soap and water of retem would fly apart, and without God brink of an eternal life, and yet each pentance, we should be baptized and

the greatest values in our lives would must take the steps that will bring have our sins washed away by his be lost. As the apostle Peter said, him there. atoning sacrifice.

"Neither is there salvation in any Jesus gave us the best approach for Five days after the Greeks sought other: for there is none other name this accomplishment when, on the their interview, Jesus was crucified. In

under heaven given among men, last day of the passover feast, he stood the following years his apostles were whereby we must be saved."(Acts up and cried, "If any man thirst, let slain, his doctrines were changed, and

4:12.) him come unto me, and drink. He the long black night of apostasy setThe prophets have looked forward that believeth on me,... out of his tled upon the world. In foretelling

to his coming since time began, and belly shall flow rivers of living water."this event, the Lord again used water

even as Jesus was being born, wise (John 7:3738.) That is, our eternal as a figure of speech about obtainmen from the east were asking: success is not like pouring water into ing the word of the Lord. Through

"Where is he [who] is born King of a cistern; rather it is like opening a the Prophet Amos he said, "Behold,

the Jews? for we have seen his star in living spring within ourselves. Through the days come, saith the Lord God, that

the east, and are come to worship the Prophet Jeremiah the Lord said, I will send a famine in the land, him."(Matt. 2:2.) And that is what "For my people have committed two not a famine of bread, nor a thirst for

wise men have been asking and doing evils; they have forsaken me the""founwater, but of hearing the words of

ever since. The Master himself said, tain of living waters, and hewed them the Lord:

"... this is life eternal, that they out... broken cisterns, that can hold "And [men] shall wander from sea

might know thee the only true God, no water."(Jer. 2:13.) And Jesus to sea, and from the north even to the

and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast elaborated upon this idea by saying, east, they shall run to and fro to seek sent."(John 17:3.) "... unto him that keepeth my the word of the Lord, and shall not

After the 'people had listened to the commandments I will give the mysfind it."And the Lord added, "In that

preaching of the gospel at Pentecost, teries of my kingdom, and the same day shall [they] faint for thirst."

they were pricked in their hearts; and shall be in him a well of living water, (Amos 8:1113.)

desiring the better way of life that springing up unto everlasting life."But God always provides the remedy

had been recommended, they cried out (D&C 63:23.) What a tremendous before the plague. On the Tuesday

to the apostles: "... Men and brethpossibility for us! before his crucifixion on Friday, the

ren, what shall we do?"And Peter As Jesus was passing through Lord sat on the Mount of Olives and

answered: "Repent, and be baptized Samaria on his way to Jerusalem, he foretold the wars and troubles that

every one of you in the name of Jesus stopped to rest at Jacob's well near would immediately precede his glorious

Christ for the remission of sins, and the ancient city of Sheckem and resecond coming to the earth. And he

ye shall receive the gift of the Holy quested a drink from the woman of himself made a solemn promise, sayGhost."(Acts 2:3738.) Sychar. He said to her, "If thou ing, "And this gospel of the kingdom

People have found Jesus in differknewest the gift of God, and who it shall be preached in all the world for ent ways. The Greeks found him is that saith to thee, Give me a drink; a witness unto all nations; and then

through Philip; the wise men from thou wouldst have asked of him, and shall the end come."(Matt. 24:14.)

the east were led to Bethlehem by his he would have given thee living water. In the early spring of 1820 in upper

star; Peter was taken to Jesus by his "But whosoever drinketh of the New York State, in fulfillment of this

brother Andrew; and Paul found him water that I shall give him shall never promise, God the Father and his Son

through a miracle on the Damascus thirst; but [it] shall be in him a well Jesus Christ reappeared upon this

road. Jesus gave his own formula for of living water springing up into everearth to reestablish among men a bediscovery when he said, "If any man lasting life."(John 4:10, 14.) lief in the God of Genesis, the God of

will do his will, he shall know of the Water is the universal element, and Calvary, and the God of the latter doctrine...."(John 7:17.) He said, it is the symbol of life. Jesus used it days. The eternal springs were re-

"... seek me diligently and ye shall to describe a personal testimony of his opened; divine revelation was again

find me...."(D&C 88:63.) Howdivinity. Pure water will also be one established from heaven. And the gosever, the greatest tragedy of our world of the secrets of the earth's regenerapel of Jesus Christ was restored to the

remains the fact that so many never tion in preparation for its millennium. earth in a fullness never known beattain this allimportant objective. The Lord said, "And in the barren... fore in the world. The universal

And yet only he who fails to seek ground shall no longer be a thirsty thirst is now being relieved for all of fails to find. land."(D&C 133:29.) However, the those who effectively seek their ReEmerson pointed out the conserichest treasures do not come from deemer. By divine order the world

quences of failure in this important water breaking forth in the wastelands has now been given three great volquest when he said, "On the brink of of the desert. umes of new scripture, outlining in

an ocean of life and truth we are The greatest enrichment comes when every detail those simple principles on miserably dying. Sometimes we are we acquire a personal testimony of which the exaltation and eternal hapfurtherest away when we are closest the divine mission of the Savior of the piness of every human life depend. On

by."So frequently that is true. Think world and a firm determination to every fundamental point of doctrine

how near they were who lived conmake our lives productive in godliwe again have an authorative "Thus temporaneously with Jesus. He walked ness. Dr. Henry C. Link once said saith the Lord."We also have the

among them; they heard him speak; that nothing puts so much order into testimony of many new witnesses supthey knew of his miracles; and yet human life as to live by a good set of porting those of old that God lives,

they were so far away that they said, sound principles. And the soundest that the gospel is true, and that many

June 1968 45 of the great events spoken of in the ancient Grecian request, saying, "Sir, the surface to keep our earth producscriptures are about to be fulfilled. we would see Jesus"(John 12:21); tive and beautiful. Likewise, there

In our own day another prophet has and in consequence of our faithful, are some great unseen spiritual powers known God as Moses did, face to face, righteous search, we may have an that can be used to vitalize our spirits and in bearing his certain witness he inspiring personal testimony of his and make our lives beautiful and has said to us, "And now, after the divinity springing up in our own happy.

many testimonies which have been hearts. And in the quiet obedience of our

given of him, this is the testimony, Modern travelers to that ancient city faith and love of righteousness, God last of all, which we give of him: that of Sheckem near the site of Jacob's may touch these hidden abilities imhe lives! well tell us that there are rivers of planted in the depths of our souls

"For we saw him, even on the right water flowing beneath the streets. and release great spiritual strength to

hand of God; and we heard the voice During the daylight hours they canpurify our lives and bring about our

bearing record that he is the Only not be heard. But when evening eternal exaltation in his presence.

Begotten of the Father comes and the clamor dies out of the As someone has said, "What cool "That by him, and through him, streets, when kindly sleep rests upon sparkling pure water is to the welfare and of him, the worlds are and were the city, then quite audibly in the hush of the rose, so is the spirit of Christ created, and the inhabitants thereof of the night you can hear the music of to my life."That we may drink freely

are begotten sons and daughters unto these buried streams. from those living waters that even

God."(D&C 76:2224.) God has provided our earth with now are springing up unto eternal life

The greatest opportunity of our lives great underground reservoirs and I humbly pray in the name of Jesus is found in following the spirit of this buried rivers that may be brought to Christ. Amen.

The Keystone of Our Religion

Bruce R. McConkie

Of the First Council of the Seventy

We have a volume of sacred scripbe saved. Salvation comes by the book by the gift and power of God.

ture known as the Book of Mormon, grace of God, through the shedding of The translated account is the Book of which contains the mind and will the blood of his Son. As a Book of Mormon, a volume of holy writ of

and voice of God to the world today. Mormon prophet said, "... salvation some 522 pages. Thereafter Joseph

Like the Bible, with which it is in was, and is, and is to come, in and Smith,* endowed with the spirit of complete conformity, it contains a through the atoning blood of Christ, prophecy and acting pursuant to reverecord of God's dealings with a people the Lord Omnipotent."(Mosiah 3:18.) lation and at the direct command of

3 whogospel.had Thus,the fullnessboth theof theBookeverlastingof Morto However,men becausesalvationthe Lordis madecalls availableprophets God,Christ organizedof LatterdayThe Saints,Churchsometimesof Jesus

mon and the Bible present a summary and apostles to testify of Christ and to called the Mormon Church because of of the doctrines of salvation, of the teach the true doctrines of his gospel. its acceptance of this Book of Mormon.

truths men must accept and live by Salvation is available only when there With the setting up on earth of the to gain the celestial heaven, and both are legal administrators who can teach true Church, there came once again a record the wondrous blessings poured the truth and who have power to perrestoration of the fullness of the everout by Deity upon those in former form the ordinances of salvation so lasting gospel, a restoration of the days who walked in the light of the they will be binding and will have fullness of those truths, keys, powers,

Lord and who kept his commandments. efficacy, virtue, and force on earth and authorities which again enable

The Book of Mormon is a record of and in heaven. men to gain a fullness of salvation in

God's dealings with his ancient AmeriNow this book, the Book of Mormon, the heaven of God our Father.

can saints; the Bible is a similar and was brought forth in our day by such Thus, the coming forth of the Book

parallel record of his dealings with a legal administrator, one Joseph of Mormon, the call of Joseph Smith the saints in the Old World. Both Smith by name. This man was called to represent God as a prophet on earth,

shed forth a flood of light and knowlof God by his own voice and by angelic the restoration of the gospel of salvaedge about those truths that must be ministration. To him was given the tion, and the setting up anew of the

believed and obeyed to gain salvation, ancient record whereon were inscribed earthly Church and kingdom of God to gain peace in this life and eternal the words of prophets and seers who all these are tied together; they are

life in the world to come. And none dwelt on the American continent in all woven into one pattern; either all

now living can gain that salvation, ages past, holy men who ministered of them are realities or none of them which is the greatest of all the gifts of among the land's inhabitants in much

God, without conforming to those the same way that biblical prophets are.We testify that Joseph Smith retruths of which both books testify. represented the Lord in the lands of ceived the Book of Mormon record

But salvation is not found in a book, their labors. from a resurrected personage and that

any book, neither the Book of MorHaving received the ancient record he translated it by the power of mon nor the Bible. Salvation is in from a heavenly messenger—from an revelation.

Christ; it comes because of his atonangel named Moroni, who himself was Now if the Book of Mormon is a

ing sacrifice; his is the only name one of the ancient American prophets true account of God's dealings with

given under heaven whereby man can—Joseph Smith then translated the ancient inhabitants of the American

46 Improvement Era Ride The Hot One

'-'-Hjt......

Hottest Brand Going 368 Continental Oil Company

Ride The Hot One...CONOCO...

for top quality products and service throughout the Rockies!

When you Ride The Hot One... you ride with the best... in everything

from high performance gasolines and AllSeason Super motor oil, to the latest in maps and Touraide travel information at your Conoco dealer's.

Add carefree enjoymenttoyourtravelsthrough America's scenicwonderland...when you RIDE THE HOT ONE...CONOCO...HOTTEST BRAND GOING

June 1968 47 continent, if it contains, as we solemnstand as witnesses to the world of the having faith in Christ—he will manily affirm, the fullness of the everlasting truth of God's great plan of salvation fest the truth of it unto them by the

gospel, then Joseph Smith was a in this day. power of the Holy Ghost. (See Moro.

prophet, a legal administrator, who But in his manifold grace and good10:4.)

did in fact restore the gospel and set ness, God has given an added witness Now I am one who knows by the up the true Church again on earth. in this day of the eternal verity of his power of the Spirit that this book is

In other words, if the Book of Mormon work. Men in this day are as much true, and as a consequence I also know,

is true, The Church of Jesus Christ of obligated as men have been in any both by reason and by revelation from

Latterday Saints is God's kingdom on age to hearken to the voice of the the Spirit, of the truth and divinity of earth, the only true and living Church prophets, to lend a listening ear to their all the great spiritual verities of this upon the face of the whole earth, the sayings, to open their hearts to the dispensation. For instance:

only place where salvation may be truths of heaven which fall from their I know that the Father and the Son found. lips. But today we also have the Book appeared to Joseph Smith—because the

It thus becomes a matter of tranof Mormon to bear record of the truth Book of Mormon is true.

scendent import for every truth seeker of the message that has come from a I know that the gospel has been to learn of the truth and divinity of loving Heavenly Father to us, his restored and that God has established this volume of sacred scripture—this erring earthly children. his Church again on earth—because

volume which will open the door to Joseph Smith said that the Book of the Book of Mormon is true.

the knowledge of God and his laws; Mormon was "the keystone of our I know that Joseph Smith is a

this volume which will introduce the religion."(Documentary History of the prophet, that he communed with God,

truth seeker to those legal administraChurch, Vol. 4, p. 461), meaning that entertained angels, received revelators who can, for instance, perform the whole structure of restored truth tions, saw visions, and has gone on to

baptisms that will admit penitent perstands or falls, depending on its truth eternal glory—because the Book of

sons, not alone to any earthly organizaor falsity. Mormon is true.

tion, but to that celestial realm which Joseph Smith also wrote, "by the I know that the Bible is the word is God's eternal kingdom. spirit of prophecy and revelation,"that of God as far as it is translated corIn all dispensations past the Lord the Book of Mormon came forth to rectly—because the Book of Mormon

has called prophets and commissioned prove "to the world that the holy is true.

them to teach and testify to the people, scriptures are true, and that God does I know that The Church of Jesus with the provision that all who beinspire men and call them to his holy Christ of Latterday Saints is the kinglieved and obeyed the heavensent work in this age and generation, as dom of God on earth, the one kingdom message would be saved, while those well as in generations of old; Thereby with legal administrators who can seal

that unto eternal is the rejected showing he up men same be it would damned. Godwho He life—because the

..."is true. forever. yesterday, today, precisely in Book and thing the of Mormon has done same

this final gospel dispensation. By his (D&C 20:1112.) To my testimony of the Book of

own voice he appointed Joseph Smith In the Book of Mormon is found the Mormon I add that of the Lord God to be the first and foremost of his Lord's promise to all men that if they himself, who said Joseph Smith "has latterday prophets. Those who have will read the record and ponder it in translated the book,... and as your

since built on the foundation revealed their hearts and then ask the Father in Lord and your God liveth it is true."

to Joseph Smith have worn the same the name of Christ if it is true—asking (D&C 17:6.)

.prophetic mantle and have and do with a sincere heart, with real intent, In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.O

A Silver Thread in the Dark Tapestry of War

Gordon B. Hinckley

Of the Council of the Twelve

My beloved brethren and sisters: My If the Lord will inspire me, I would dreadful sorrow of the land, without

heart was touched and my soul thrilled like to use that as something of a making a plea for peace a part of his by the stirring testimony of the risen theme. daily prayers. This war, like others,

Lord given by President McKay this I have spoken previously from this is fraught with terrible evil and unmorning. I hope that no man or pulpit about the war in Vietnam. With speakable tragedy. I minimize none

woman here will ever forget that testiyour indulgence I should like again to of these.

mony of our Prophet. say a few words on this, because I But notwithstanding the evil and

I was grateful the choir sang as an know that it is a subject on the minds the tragedy, I see a silver thread shinopening number the words of Parley and in the hearts of thousands of our ing through the dark and bloody

P. Pratt: people who have sons there. The weltapestry of conflict. I see the finger

fare of their loved ones is the constant of the Lord plucking some good from "The morning breaks; the shadows burden of their thoughts and prayers. the evil designs of the adversary. I

flee; Even for those of other nations, the see coming out of this conflict, as I

Lo, Zion's standard is unfurled! war is a matter of deep concern. have witnessed in other conflicts in

The dawning of a brighter day, One cannot have been to Vietnam Asia, an enlargement of the Lord's

Majestic rises on the world."as I have on a number of occasions, program.

(Hymns, 269.) and felt in some small measure the Not long ago I was in Saigon. Our

48 Improvement Era tired little taxi took us down the in the name of thy Son, the Lord, of our Redeemer, the Lord Jesus Christ.

muddy street to the meeting place of Jesus Christ, the Prince of Peace, to Amen."

the Saigon Branch. It was night, the invoke thy special blessing.... We do not have regular missionaries

power had failed in the city, as it fre- "We have seen in other parts of there yet. I do not know when we shall

quently does, and the darkness in the Asia the manner in which thou hast be able to send them. But I am confiheavy rain was oppressive. turned the hand and the work of the dent that day will come. In the

The narrow lane leading to our adversary to the good and the blessing meantime there are those, both civilian meeting place was a river of running of many of thy children. And now we and military, who are sharing the goswater. Skirting this on ground slightly call upon thee at this time that thou pel, not in contravention of any offihigher, I noticed a thin little figure wilt similarly pour out thy spirit upon cial regulations, not through regular

with an umbrella coming out to meet this land. We plead with thee, our proselyting, but they have taught when

us. Father and our God, that thou wilt others have come seeking.

When we opened the taxi door, touch the hearts of the leaders of those Through their efforts the work of the

I recognized Brother Minh, an elder in people who war one against another, Church is now established in a numThe Church of Jesus Christ of Latterwith a spirit of understanding, a recogber of areas, including legal registraday Saints, the first Vietnamese to nition of the fact that all men are sons tion of the Church in Thailand. I

receive the Melchizedek Priesthood. of thine and therefore brothers, and doubt that this would have been posWe stood under the porch of the implant in each a desire to labor for sible had there not been able and

building while he pleaded that he be a settlement of the great conflict which devoted members of the Church there given opportunity to translate the Book rages over this land, a settlement which incident to the war. The Lord bless

of Mormon into his native tongue. I will be honorable, and one which will these men for their goodness in the

asked how he could find time to do promote the cause of liberty and jusmidst of evil. The Lord bless them

this work. He has a job that requires tice and which will guarantee the for their faith in the midst of overlong hours and tedious labor. He reagency of those who love freedom.... whelming obstacles. The Lord bless

plied that the gospel must someday "Holy Father, many good men holdthem for their desires to share the come to his people and that they will ing thy priesthood have come to this precious gifts of the gospel.

need the testimony of the Book of land incident to the war. While here I have been impressed with the sacriMormon. He said that somehow he they have sought to establish thy difices of our people to construct houses

would find time. He understands vine work in this part of the world. of worship in many parts of the world,

English. He had read the Book of They have shared the gospel of thy but I think I have never been so deeply

Mormon. He had felt of its spirit, Son with their associates, their fellow touched as in witnessing the response

and he knew that others would be Americans, and with the Vietnamese to a suggestion made two years ago by similarly touched as they read it in people. With gratitude we have witour Vietnam zone president, a military

their own tongue. nessed the baptism of a number of officer. He suggested that our brethLike Brother Minh, I am convinced these people. And so we feel it exren, who were already paying their

that there are many and will be many pedient at this time, under the authortithing, contribute their combat pay in that land who someday will respond ity given us by thy Prophet, he whom differential to a building fund. This

to the message of the restored gospel. thou hast anointed and appointed to represents the extra amount given men

I do not know when that day will stand at the head of thy work in this for battle duty. More than $3,000 was

come, but I am confident that it will day, to dedicate this land and invoke contributed by men of the Saigon come, and that the efforts of your sons thy blessings upon it. Branch on a single Sunday, and more

who are there in military service will "We accordingly come before thee than $18,000 was given throughout make that day possible. Without in the exercise of the holy priesthood, Vietnam in 30 days. Where in all

their presence, I would see small prosand in the authority of the holy aposthe world would you find a better expect short of half a century. tleship in us vested we dedicate and pression of faith than that of these

May I share with you something of consecrate this land of South Vietnam soldiers, airmen, and marines, who a sacred and inspiring experience? On for the preaching of the gospel of the have given to the cause of peace that

Sunday, October 30, 1966, more than Lord Jesus Christ as restored through money paid them for the risks of 200 members of the Church gathered the Prophet Joseph Smith. May there battle?

on the roof of the Caravelle Hotel in from this time forward, Father, come They gave it for the construction the heart of Saigon. We had an inupon this land an added measure of of buildings they will never use or

spirational meeting, with talks by thy Holy Spirit to touch the hearts of even see, but which will someday

Elder Marion D. Hanks, President the people and the rulers thereof. May bless the people whose liberty they

Keith E. Garner, and others. At the they open their hearts to the teaching have fought to preserve.

conclusion of that service, while speakof the truth and be receptive to the The Lord bless them for their ing I felt impressed to dedicate the gospel of thy Son. May those who generosity, and may the peace of the

land for the preaching of the gospel have these blessings feel a new urge Lord comfort the hearts of their worunder authorization previously given in their hearts to share with others ried fathers and anxious mothers, who by President McKay. the great gifts and powers and authorimplanted and cultivated in their sons

Since that prayer of dedication was ity which are theirs, which have come a faith that today quietly shines in the part of a public meeting, I feel it not from thee.... dark, embattled area in which they

inappropriate to repeat here some of "Open the way for the coming of find themselves.

the words I felt impressed to give on missionaries, and make their labors I hope that some of you parents who that occasion. I quote: fruitful of great and everlasting good in grieve over your sons who could not

"O God, our Eternal Father, with the lives of the people. go on missions because of the demands

humble hearts we meet before thee "To this end we seek thy blessing of the draft will derive some small this day in this land of South Vietnam, this holy day as we bow before thee measure of comfort from the assurance a land which presently is torn by war, and acknowledge with thankful hearts that your sons may perform an effecdestruction, and dissension. We meet thy goodness unto us... in the name tive missionary labor through their

June 1968 49 examples, and that they may assist in good the lives of large numbers of our reading so intently."

lifting the veil in lands of darkness Father's children who live in that As I pictured that young infantryin which the gospel must someday be part of the world. Of that I have a man in dirty battle dress, just returned

taught. certain faith. from a dangerous jungle patrol, study-

I read for the first time this past I have seen a prototype of what will ing the gospel, two other pictures came week an interesting statement by Brighappen as I have witnessed the deto mind—the first, of the home in

ham Young. Said he: velopment of this work in others of the which he grew up, where there is con-

"I shall be very happy when I can ancient nations of Asia—in Korea, in stant prayer for his safety; the second,

know that the people of the East InTaiwan, in Okinawa, in the Philipof the day when the clouds of war dian archipelago [which I take to pines, and in Japan, where altogether shall have lifted, when peace shall be mean the lands of Southeast Asia] and we now have more than 25,000 Latterin the land, and when there shall be the people of every island and contiday Saints. congregations of the Church built upon

nent, both the high and the low, the This marvelous membership is the foundations laid by such of our brethignorant and intelligent, have received sweet fruit of seed once planted in ren there now.

the words of eternal life, and have had dark years of war and in the troubled That day will come. Of that I am

bestowed upon them the power of the days immediately following, when confident.

eternal Priesthood of the Son of good men of the priesthood, both

God...."(Journal of Discourses, Vol. civilian and military, through the "God moves in a mysterious way....

8, p. 7.) example of their lives and the inspiraHis purposes will ripen fast,

I make no defense of the war from tion of their precepts, laid a foundation Unfolding every hour;

this pulpit. There is no simple anon which a great work has been The bud may have a bitter taste,

swer. The problems are complex established. But sweet will be the flower."

almost beyond comprehension. I seek May I read from a letter just received (William Cowper, Hymns, 48.)

only to call your attention to that from one of our brethren in Vietnam:

silver thread, small but radiant with "The other day in Phu Bai I saw a May the Lord bless our faithful hope, shining through the dark tapesyoung member of the Church reading brethren in Asia, and may he give us try of war—namely, the establishment the paperback of A Marvelous Work the vision to look beyond this dark day

of a bridgehead, small and frail now; and a Wonder (so that he would be to a time when, because of their great

but which somehow, under the mysqualified to teach any who might ask service, his latterday kingdom shall terious ways of God, will be strengthabout the Church). The book was encompass many souls in that part of

ened, and from which someday shall filthy, his hands were filthy, but he the earth, I humbly pray in the name spring forth a great work affecting for didn't see the dirt because he was of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

Friday Afternoon Session, April 5, 1968

Light and Truth Forsake Evil

Delbert L. Stapley

Of the Council of the Twelve

Quoting the apostle Paul, "Brethye people from afar; and... listen The glory of God being intelligence,

ren,"and may I add sisters and friends, together. then the glory of man, the spirit off-

"my heart's desire and prayer to God "For verily the voice of the Lord is spring of Deity, must also be intellifor Israel is, that they might be saved. unto all men, and there is none to gence, for man is God's greatest and

"For I bear them record that they escape; and there is no eye that shall most important creation. Our Heavhave a zeal of God, but not according not see, neither ear that shall not enly Father is concerned about the

to knowledge. hear, neither heart that shall not be eternal welfare and happiness of his

"For they being ignorant of God's penetrated. children. He has, however, given them

righteousness, and going about to "And the rebellious shall be pierced their free agency to choose for themestablish their own righteousness, have with much sorrow...."(D&C 1:1-3.) selves.

not submitted themselves unto the Thus we see that the voice of the President George Q. Cannon has

righteousness of God. Lord is to all men everywhere, and said: "I thank God for giving us our

"For Christ is the end of the law for none can escape the judgment for [free] agency, because I think this righteousness to every one that beviolating his laws and commandments. earth will be a furnace to cleanse me

lieveth."(Rom. 10:1-4.) Perhaps there is no better scripture and prepare me for a better condition

Many people profess a zeal for God, known and quoted by members of the of affairs and a better life, and I bebut their lives do not always harmoChurch than this: "The glory of God lieve this of all of us.... These bodies

nize fully with spiritual knowledge. is intelligence "(D&C 93:36.) of ours are naturally rebellious [and]

Those who sincerely believe will follow We should also understand the full of strange appetites. We are here

and do the works of Christ; otherwise, verse that follows this profound stateto conquer these desires.... [and]

in their pursuit of eternal glory, they ment: "The glory of God is intellibring this earthly substance in subwill fall short of their heavenly goal. gence, or, in other words, light and jection to the will of God.

In this dispensation of the gospel the truth. "... It is true that some have greater

Lord gave this admonition: "Hearken, "Light and truth forsake that evil power of resistance than others, but

O ye people of my church,... [and] one."(D&C 93:3637.) everyone has the power to close his

50 Improvement Era Today's gasolines

all: need them

AntiRust Additives Higher Octane Ingredients

Platformate AntiKnock Compounds

DetergentAction Chemicals ClimateTailoring Formulas

All the things that contribute to total gasoline performance are important to you. And you get them all in Chevron gasolines.

The reason is very simple. Standard Oil never stops trying to improve its products. The continuous effort that makes this possible

is backed by research facilities that are the largest, most modern and most complete in the West.

to Gome Gnevron Jsland!

(under the Standard sign)

STANDARD OIL COMPANY

OF CALIFORNIA

June 1968 51 "Light can always dissipate darkness. >> law which was appointed for that

blessing, and the conditions thereof, as were instituted from before the heart against doubt, against darkness, "And the Spirit giveth light to every foundation of the world."(D&C

against unbelief, against depression, man that cometh into the world; and 132:5.)

against anger, against hatred, against the Spirit enlighteneth every man "... unto every law there are cerjealousy, against malice, against envy. through the world, that hearkeneth tain bounds also and conditions.

... Whenever darkness fills our minds, to the voice of the Spirit. "All beings who abide not in those

we may know that we are not pos- "And every one that hearkeneth to conditions are not justified.

sessed of the Spirit of God, and we the voice of the Spirit cometh unto "For,"said the Lord, "intelligence must get rid of it. When we are filled God, even the Father."(D&C 84:43cleaveth unto intelligence; wisdom rewith the Spirit of God, we are 47.) ceiveth wisdom; truth embraceth

filled with joy, with peace and with The Lord further adds: "For whoso truth; virtue loveth virtue; light cleavhappiness...."(Gospel Truths, Vol. 1, cometh not unto me is under the eth unto light; mercy hath compassion

pp. 15, 1920.) bondage of sin. on mercy and claimeth her own; jusWhen our God defines intelligence "And whoso receiveth not my voice tice continueth its course and claimeth

as light and truth, he is not contemis not acquainted with my voice, and its own: judgment goeth before the

plating just secular and worldly is not of me. face of him who sitteth upon the

knowledge, but the spiritual and eter- "And by this you may know the throne and governeth and executeth nal verities and realities of life. righteous from the wicked...."(D&C all things."(D&C 88:3840.)

The Lord has directed parents to 84:5153.) These scriptural quotations teach us

bring up their children in light and Hearkening unto the voice of the the importance of bounds and limitatruth. He accused some of the brethSpirit is the key and the challenge tions, and also the conditions we must

ren who failed in this responsibility which leads to God's eternal mansions. meet to attain eternal peace and happiby admonishing them: Hear this warning: "Every spirit of ness. Only obedience to God's com-

"You have not taught your children man was innocent in the beginmandments will bring us, his children, light and truth, according to the comning.... the blessings of heaven. If we will but

mandments; and that wicked one hath "And that wicked one cometh and heed the words of eternal life and

power, as yet, over you, and this is taketh away light and truth, through put our "trust in that Spirit which to to do justly, the children of leadeth affliction. disobedience, from of your cause the do good—yea,

to judge righteously,"93:3839.) humbly, to walk I give men "(D&C a commandment now "And

unto you—if you will be delivered It is through disobedience and man's our salvation and glory can be asyou shall set in order your own house, failure to hearken unto the voice of sured. (See D&C 11:12.)

for there are many things that are not the Spirit and the counsels of God John the Beloved gave this witness right in your house."(D&C 93:4243.) that Satan is able to come and take and testimony of the Christ and his

We cannot afford to permit our away from man the light and truth teachings: "This then is the message

sense of eternal values to become disof the gospel. When the light within which we have heard of him, and

torted and corrupt our lives or those us begins to dim, Satan moves in. declare unto you, that God is light,

of our loved ones, thus destroying When the light within us goes out, we and in him is no darkness at all.

opportunities for eternal glory. are in his power and under his control. "If we say that we have fellowship

Since the cloak of glory is the mantle When Saul, who failed to follow with him, and walk in darkness, we of responsibility, it behooves us not the instructions of the Lord, tried to lie, and do not the truth:

only to obtain all the light and truth justify his disobedience for doing so, "But if we walk in the light,'as he we can, but to use the intelligence we the ancient prophet Samuel said: "... is in the light, we have fellowship

have to alter our lives to conform more Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, one with another, and the blood of closely to the example so beautifully and to hearken than the fat of rams."Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from

portrayed in the life of Jesus. (1 Sam. 15:22.) all sin."(1 John 1:5-7.)

Christ is referred to by John the In latterday scriptures the Lord uses As a people we must stand firm,

Beloved as the "Word"and appropriaction words in the first sentence to steadfast, and immovable in avoiding ately so, because he was and is the introduce many of his revelations. It the evils of the world, and sustain

messenger of salvation to all nations is interesting to note that "hearken"with all the fervor of our being the and peoples. (See John 1:1, 4, and was used 23 times. We are admontruths, standards, principles, and

D&C 93:8-9.) ished by the Lord through the Prophet ideals of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

He is the light and life of men. No Joseph Smith to behold, to hearken, Satan is a formidable opponent, and

one can come into the eternal presence to listen, and to hear, in over 60 it will take extraordinary toughness of God the Father except through his revelations. The following scriptural to subdue 'him and his agents.

beloved Son, our Savior, who is the statements represent warnings and The Lord has never promised that light and Redeemer of the world. To counsel that are significant guidelines the overcoming of evil would be easy,

define light and truth further, I quote to our behavior in this mortal existbut everyone can, if he wills, win the from another revelation wherein the ence: "There is a law, irrevocably battle against the power of Satan.

Lord commands his people "to give decreed in heaven before the foundaThe gospel of Christ is a lamp in diligent heed to the words of eternal tions of this world, upon which all our hands to guide us in righteous life,"and to "live by every word that blessings are predicated paths. Light can always dissipate

proceedeth forth from the mouth of "And when we obtain any blessing darkness, but darkness can never reGod. from God, it is by obedience to that place light. It is only when the light

"For the word of the Lord is truth, law upon which it is predicated."of the Spirit within us is dimmed or

and whatsoever is truth is light, and (D&C 130:2021.) goes out that the darkness of temptawhatsoever is light is Spirit, even the Also: "For all who will have a tion and sin enters in, and Satan takes

Spirit of Jesus Christ. blessing at my hands shall abide the over.—to.

52 Improvement Era Sw.Ch. Gt.Pcd.Reeds16'. 8'B,Qi.int.4'Ch to Ped. itClFKID KAROELERT. Op >. No 2 Pipe16'.16'.Organ:8',8'. 4'.f. 2'T Mixtures)M.ture(s>; Sw, to Ch.

Allvitt.. l.-.UMi MM. HI

Copyright MCMLIV by Edward B. Mark'-. Music Corporal on. Revision, by Gerard Alphenaar. Reprinted by permission.

You can't play this music correctly on an ordinary twomanual organ.

But you can on a Baldwin.

The music is from IN DULCI ment of chorus reeds as well as Make a note of the chorus reed

JUBILO by KargElert. the most necessary solo reeds. stops on these leading Baldwin

To play it with proper respect Church Organs. Check them

for the composer's intentions, you against other comparably priced need the exciting, overwhelming organs. And for complete specifisound that only an independently cations just write Baldwin, Dept.

voiced chorus reed ensemble IE 3-68. Cincinnati, Ohio 45202.

can deliver. Baldwin Model 11: Swell: 16'

Synthetic stops or solo reeds Fagott, 8'Trompette, 4'Clarion.

will not work. They are for an Great: 16'Trumpet, 8'Trumpet.

entirely different purpose. Pedal: 16'Posaune, 8'Trumpet,

That's where a Baldwin is 4'Schalmei. Baldwin Model 6:

unique. It is the only organ in Swell: 16'Fagott, 8'Trompette,

its class that offers a full compleiiiiliiiiiiiiiiiiiffi 4'Clarion. Great: 8'Trumpet.

Pedal: 16'Posaune, 8'Trumpet,

4'Schalmei. F

June 1968 53 The apostle Paul, in his Epistles "Neither filthiness, nor foolish talkfluence of God; the other emanates

to the Ephesians, admonished, "... ing, nor jesting, which are not confrom Satan. Even though evil is in

have no fellowship with the unfruitful venient.... constant competition with the good, the

works of darkness, but rather reprove "For this ye know, that no whorenoble, and the beautiful in life, we them."(Eph. 5:11.) monger, nor unclean person, nor should remember Joshua's declaraSome of the unfruitful works of covetous man, who is an idolator, tion: "... but as for me and my house,

darkness as enumerated by Paul are: hath any inheritance in the kingdom of we will serve the Lord."(Josh. 24:15.)

"... walk not... in the vanity of Christ and of God."(Eph. 5:3-5.) The opposing forces in life are essentheir mind, The counsel of God is clear: avoid tial for our growth and development.

"Having the understanding darkthese "unfruitful works of darkness"It is required of us to recognize the ened, being alienated from the life of walk in light and truth. powers that lead us away from the

God.... "And be renewed in the spirit of Spirit of the Lord, and to choose the

"Who being past feeling have given your mind; path of righteousness, which will lead

themselves over unto laseiviousness, to "... put on the new man, which us back into the presence of God. As

work all uncleanness with greediness."after God is created in righteousness we succeed in this "tugof-war"be-

(Eph. 4:1719.) and true holiness. tween the opposing forces of good and

'[Put] away lying...."(Eph. "... speak every man truth with his evil, we will bring joy into our lives

4:25.) neighbour.... here and earn rewards and exaltation

"Let no corrupt communication pro- "... let not the sun go down upon in the life to come.

ceed out of your mouth.... your wrath: Perhaps never before in our history

"... grieve not the holy Spirit of "Neither give place to the devil."has the need been greater for memGod.... (Eph. 4:2327.) bers of the Church to understand the

"Let all bitterness, and wrath, and Thus has the apostle Paul desigopposing forces confronting them and anger, and clamour, and evil speaking, nated some of the things we must to muster sufficient strength to resist be put away from vou...."(Eph. avoid as the unfruitful works of darkthe forces of evil and embrace the

4:2931.) ness and some of the positive things forces of good. An ancient American

"But fornication, and all uncleanwe ought to do to walk in the light prophet said: "And to bring about his

ness, or covetousness, let it not be once of the gospel of Jesus Christ. There eternal purposes in the end of man...

named among you, as becometh are two powerful forces operative in the it must needs be that there was an saints; world today: one is the powerful inopposition....

So you want to move to Tourific!

Sfcr I Weekl V—8 Da y s $287 HAWAI * HILL CUMORAH pageant UTAHInvest for your future in

17 Days -$279... just 25 - 319 Silver Creek 19 Days

23 Days - 369 minutes from Salt Lake City

in Interested... for land future—for investment owning HEMISFAIR * TEXAS

for freshair... sunshiny, conliving today? Then 14 Days - $259 residence

sider Silver Creek, Utah's newest, completelyplanned, ranchette-

.. type acres sold already community.. but More than 2600

Salt days from 14 * MEXICO lots. Silver still a view the of 2 1/2-acre good choice And with City, (Mexico Lake, as low as $198.

Cuernavaca, Taxco, Acapulco) Creek Interchange to Interstate 80 and U.S. 40 scheduled for

completion by October, 1968... watch your investment GROW!

... here's why!

Salt Lake—through Par- * ALASKA You'll Justlike25 SilverminutesCreekfrom downtown

* SOUTH AMERICA ley'sGreatCanyon—golfing, boating,away fromfishing,winterhunting,smog andcamping,summerskiingheat!—

For all travel and ticketing arrangements virtually at your Silver Creek doorstep.

3 golf courses, 5 reservoirs, high Uintahs wilderness area, new Wasatch State Park... just 10 to 30 minutes away.

Panoramic view of Park City's Treasure Mountains.

TRAVEL INC. Building financing available. Representative on property.

110 East 2nd South Salt Lake City, Utah'YOUR OWN 2V2ACRE LOT FOR UNDER $10 PER WEEK '8981 295-0 (property subject to prior sales. Price subject to change without notice.)

Ogden, 3994587 St. George, 6733136 SILVER CREEK CORPORATION P.O. Box 34, Star Route

Mesa 9645283 Park City, Utah 84060 Phone (801) 6499410

54 Improvement Era "Wherefore, the Lord God gave you, but you cast the deciding vote."And then he reminded them of his

unto man that he should act for him- "Life is made up of choices. There teachings, saying: "Neither have I

self. Wherefore, man could not act are two ways of doing things, the suffered... that ye should murder,

for himself save it should be that he right way and the wrong way. Every or plunder, or steal, or commit

was enticed by the one or the other."responsible individual stands almost adultery; nor even have I suffered that

(2 Ne. 2:1516.) daily at the crossroads and must ye should commit any manner of

Opposition seems to be as extensive choose which way he will travel. He wickedness, and have taught you that

and pervasive as the familiar words can take the road that leads to the ye should keep the commandments of which signify it. It would be maniheights where the good and great of the Lord, in all things which he hath

fest in all other basic ideas that come the earth assemble, or he can take the commanded you."(Mosiah 2:9, 13.)

in contrasting pairs: that is, good and road that leads to the depths where King Benjamin's message to his

evil, life and death, war and peace, the victims of remorse and despondency people was given from a tower in conpleasure and pain, necessity and congo. Life calls for almost constant detrast with today's worldwide comtingency, virtue and vice. There are cisions and the decisions which we munication system, where many lisother terms that stand opposed one to make reflect with accuracy our thinktening ears are tuned in to hear the

another, such as, chance to fate, ing and our tastes. sermons of this conference.

liberty to slavery, time to eternity, "... it is the development of The purpose of these messages is the

knowledge to opinion, and matter to ethical and spiritual standards which same now as it was then: to encourage

form. Still other terms cannot be diswill make the right choice clear and people to accept and live the gospel of

cussed without reference to their easy.... What we are and what we Jesus Christ as revealed by God for the

opposites, such as, truth and falsehood, achieve is largely a result of what we benefit and blessing of his children.

love and hate, justice and injustice, choose."(Bryant S. Hinckley, Not by The sufferings and sorrows resulting

wealth and poverty. Bread Alone, p. 39.) from disobedience are extremely diffiThe choice is up to us as we exerKing Benjamin, a beloved Book of cult to bear. It is far easier to walk

cise our free agency. Consider the Mormon prophet, exhorted his people in the paths of righteousness and the

preacher who summed up this matter to "open your ears that ye may hear, light of gospel truths than to fall into of opposition when he stated his feeland your hearts that ye may underthe sorrow of disobedience and evil ings as follows: "There is an election stand, and your minds that the doing. If we walk in the light as

going on all the time. The Lord votes mysteries of God may be unfolded to Christ is in the light, peace of mind,

for vou, and the devil votes against your view."happiness, and jov will be our lot

PORTRAITS BYJr(e&&eft

TWENTY YEARS OF L.D.S.

WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHY

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 221 South State Street Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 (801) 3288931

GALLERY OF THE STARS

CENTURY CITYOpening August 1, 1968 10250 Santa Monica Boulevard Los Angeles California 90067 (213) 2770827

Photographer of:

Ed Ames Li berace Jack Benny Art Linkletter Victor Borge Hugh O'Brian Robert Goulet Smothers Brothers

Al Hirt Rouvaun

June 1968 55 forever. they are blessed in all things, both My brothers and sisters, I bear hum-

I close with another statement of the temporal and spiritual; and if they ble witness to the truth of these

Nephite prophet, King Benjamin: hold out faithful to the end they are teachings. That we will all so live

"And moreover, I would desire that received into heaven, that thereby they that we may enjoy eternal happiness ye should consider on the blessed and may dwell with God in a state of and peace in our personal lives, I happy state of those that keep the neverending happiness...."(Mosiah humbly pray in the name of Jesus

commandments of God. For behold, 2:41.) Christ. Amen. O

Men Are That They Might Have Joy

Henry D. Taylor

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve >As the psalmist contemplated with nected that man may receive a fullness 1. To be born into a home where

awe the beauties of the Lord's creation, of joy. In no other way, other than parents enjoy a respected and honorwith man as the crowning achievebirth into this life and the resurrecable name. In other words, "to be born

ment, he exclaimed in wonderment: tion, can spirits become like our eterof goodly parents."

"When I consider thy heavens, the nal Father."(Era, Vol. 34 [September 2. To be born into homes where

work of thy fingers, the moon and the 1931], p. 643.) they are wanted: a place in which they

stars, which thou hast ordained; When Adam was placed here upon are loved; a place where proper exam-

"What is man, that thou art mindthe earth, our Heavenly Father indiples are manifest. One father said:

ful of him? and the son of man, that cated that by himself, Adam never "I am not trying to be a model father.

thou visitest him? could people the earth or subdue it. All I am trying to do is to live so that

"For thou hast made him a little "It is not good,"the Lord said, "that when someone says to my son, 'You lower than the angels, and hast the man should be alone; I will make remind me of your father,'he can stick

crowned him with glory and honour. him an help meet for him."(Gen. out his chest and not his tongue."

"Thou madest him to have dominion 2:18.) So Eve was created and given 3. A place where the children are

over the works of thy hands; thou hast to Adam in the bonds of eternal marencouraged to prepare themselves for

put all things under his feet.... riage, to continue with him, and to be life, both here and hereafter, to live up

"O Lord our Lord, how excellent is his loving wife and companion. to their full potential; a home where

thy name in all the earth!"(Ps. This noble couple were given the they are instructed to stand on their

8:3-6, 9.) commandment to perpetuate themown feet, to be independent and selfMany have described man in glowselves: "And God blessed them, and supporting; a home where they are

ing terms. This is Shakespeare's God said unto them, Be fruitful, taught to prepare to establish homes

analysis: "What a piece of work is and multiply, and replenish the earth, of their own through proper training

man! how noble in reason! how inand subdue it: and have dominion and securing an adequate education.

finite in faculty! in form and moving over the fish of the sea, and over the To "subdue the earth,"a person

how express and admirable! in action fowl of the air, and over every living must look mainly to himself and not

how like an angel! in apprehension thing that moveth upon the earth.". to others, except as others might offer

how like a god! the beauty of the (Gen. 1:28.) These objectives could not good counsel or set a good example.

world! the paragon of animals!..."be achieved without effort, and so the Most persons are striving to find what

(Hamlet, Act 2.) Father further admonished Adam: "In they consider security. It has been

Well might we ask the same questhe sweat of thy face shalt thou eat pointed out:

tion, "What is man?"and well might bread...."(Gen. 3:19.) He was to "People who look to government for

the answer be: Man is the spiritual labor and struggle for a living. Then, 'security'are seeking that which has

offspring of heavenly parents, priviso that the man and wife would be never been granted to human kind.

leged through righteous living to come united in their journey through life, Man was promised his living by the to this world, to be born of earthly the Lord added: "Therefore shall a sweat of his brow, and where he

parents, and to be blessed with a man leave his father and his mother, wastes his substance he will want in mortal body. and shall cleave unto his wife: and spite of all human devices to render

The possession of this wonderful they shall be one flesh."(Gen. 2:24.) it otherwise. Nowhere in her system

body is a sacred trust. President That is, one in unity, purpose, and does nature offer security to anyone

Joseph Fielding Smith has declared: harmony, to bring to life in mortality or anything. Nature's way is the law

"The importance of these mortal tabthe spiritual offspring of Deity, to of change and succession, or replaceernacles is apparent from the knowlfurnish mortal bodies for others, and ment and fulfillment; but never the

edge we have of eternal life. Spirits to "replenish"or "fill"the earth. No unalterable, the fixed or the guarancannot be made perfect without the life's purpose such as this could ever teed. It is defeatism in the individuals

body of flesh and bones. This body be devised by finite mind. It is truly to seek security in living, a misunderand its spirit are brought to immortaldivine. standing of the function of life itself.

ity and blessings of salvation through What a glorious thing it would be It was not so that the pioneers of this the resurrection. After the resurrection if each child born into this world land lived, when there were few govthere can be no separation again, body could have the assurance of these ernments to do things for them. They

and spirit become inseparably conthings: met the wilderness on its own terms,

56 Improvement Era

IN THE TIME IT TAKES TO

COIN... you'llTOSSknow exactly where your Ashipment is on Union Pacific. COIN

means COMPLETE OPERATING INFORMATION! And complete it is -

made possible by batteries of spaceage computers—all primed and

programmed to record... and report the movement of your freight.

It's an exciting story. Your UP freight salesman has all the details. Ask him.

And for inside information about choice industrial sites in the Union Pacific West, write in complete confidence to

Edd H. Bailey, President,

Union Pacific, Omaha, Nebr. 68102.

GATEWAY TO AND FROM THE BOOMING WEST

June 1968 57 and pushed it back. Men and women with love for fellowmen, the rewards as a young couple is married and

worked together to found their homes, that come from honest toil, from a sealed for time and for all eternity.

raise their children,- and wrest a home where love and kindness abide, Certainly there is joy and happiness competence from what the land had the peace and tranquility that come there.

to offer them. They helped one anfrom observing the commandments of I am confident that each of us has

other. They had time for worship, the Lord. personally experienced the warm glow

and they knew that over man there There are many today who are seekof happiness that comes from performwas God. Our age is a pioneering ing for thrills and socalled pleasure. ing an unselfish act or rendering a

one, and to each are offered widening These things are but momentary and service for someone else.

chances of development. It is a neglect fleeting. Happiness and joy come The Prophet Joseph Smith has said:

of selfimprovement to seek security from more enduring and lasting acts. "If a man gets a fullness of the Priestwithout having earned it, to attempt The Prophet Joseph Smith taught that hood of God he has to get it in the

to reap without having sown. No "happiness is the object and design of same way that Jesus Christ obtained it,

government can produce what people our existence; and will be the end and that was by keeping all the com-

—Adon'tMirage!"in themselvesLife create."Line, October("Security31, thereof,leads to it;if andwe thispursuepaththeis virtue,path thatupmandmentsordinances ofandthe obeyingHouse allof thethe

1964.) rightness, faithfulness, holiness, and Lord...."(Ibid., page 308.)

A prominent American, in contemkeeping all the commandments of While joy and happiness are posplating the subject, gave this advice God."(Joseph Fielding Smith, Teachsible in life here upon the earth,

to young people: "Don't dream about ings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, pp. greater rewards and blessings have

security; make it for yourself, out of 25556.) been promised and will come following

yourself."He then concluded his Even though this life is real and the time of the resurrection, after we

thoughts on selfreliance with these earnest, it is possible to receive many have left this frail existence. At that

words: "Dare to believe in yourself rewards and satisfactions. I have noted time those who have been faithful

... and act accordingly. If you do, serene joy in the face of a mother as will not only be reunited with their

both your present and your future are she gazed with tenderness at her newly families and loved ones of mortality, secure."born child. I have viewed the pride, but they will also be privileged to

While man is struggling to achieve happiness, and joy in the expressions of dwell in the glorious celestial world security and independence, he should parents as they watched and listened to where God the Father and Jesus Christ, also realize that happiness and joy can the report of their son or daughter who the Son, dwell.

be his. The Prophet Lehi, speaking had just returned from completing an Surely, this will be joy supreme. And

under the inspiration of the Lord, honorable and successful mission, or it is possible to every one of us if we taught his sons that "men are, that other righteous achievements. keep the faith and endure in righteousthey might have joy."(2 Ne. 2:25.) It is a humbling and warming exness to the end.

This joy could come from performing perience to be present in the temple For this I humbly pray, in the name unselfish acts for others, a life filled with the parents, friends, and families of the Lord, Jesus Christ. Amen. O

The Member and the Military

Boyd K. Packer

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

.S7 I feel subdued in spirit this afterman to his family and from those obedient to the laws of the land, have

noon, my brethren and sisters, in relationships to which young manhood answered the call to military duty. It

coming from the mission field again to is so very responsive. Interruption is puzzling to see them renouncing

general conference, to hear the testicomes likewise to schooling, and life's their obligation, repudiating their monies of our beloved Prophet and of work is delayed. And, as always, it citizenship responsibilities. They dethe brethren. Particularly was my carries with it the threat of jeopardy clare on moral grounds, as an act of

heart touched by the message of Elder to life and limb. virtue, that they will not serve. One

Gordon B. Hinckley as he spoke to our It is to you, our brethren in the can be sensitive, even sympathetic, to

servicemen, for in my life that silver armed forces, that I speak. Nor is the their feelings, for war is an ugly thing

thread of testimony, drawn from the man who serves the only one con-—a heinous, hideous, ugly thing!

dark tapestry of armed conflict, has cerned. There are wives and there are Strangely, it is a pursuit to which manbeen a guiding beacon. parents who never, never cease to love kind has turned again and again and

Many young men listening to the their children or fear for them. again. The wicked have generated it,

conference are serving in the armed A man answering the call now is and the innocent have ultimately been forces, or they face a call to military not left in total comfort that all will provoked by it.

service. To answer the call, one must sustain him. There have emerged in The Lord said: "Therefore, renounce

suspend many things dear and sacred. our society groups composed mostly of war and proclaim peace...."(D&C

Military service requires a severance restless, unchallenged young people. 98:16.) I would that all men would

hopefully a temporary one—from intiIn the name of peace and love and remain at peace.

mate and sacred ties that bind a young brotherhood, they criticize those who, 'We love peace,"said President

58 Improvement Era YUM MEAN yUH'LL THEy DON'T SELL ME THE WHOLE CALL MEGOLDARNED BARGAIN BARNEy

BROOKLyN BRIDGE FOR NOTHING.

FORIOOO?

'=> ft: /, \

THROW IN *) \ Wdovoumave TIMES SQUARE s }flJT ANy,DEA AND I'LL HOWMUCHTHINJGS THINK ABOUT IT HAVE GONE UP?

yURCOSTOF r< c- LIVING GONE UP MORE THAN \6% IN,>A<5T\ WHATTHAT M GOT TO DOTHE LAST 9 yEARS. j WITH IT?

BUT THAT THERE BRIDGE IS STEEL.

STEEL'S CNLy:>

GONE UP 4% IN lA yEAH?|NTHAT

I'DTHE SAME PERIOD. (mn CASE MAyBEyOU CAN'T HARDLy IT. f<J BETTER HANG ONTO

FJNDA BJGGER BARGAIN.

-at/- I THINK DO THAT /Ms TAKEN.lVEBEEN f 2$

<>i

(USS) United States Steel

June 1968 59 a the waiter of citizenship responsibility is perfectly clear. )>

David O. McKay, "but not peace at guilty of the first offense, neither the Though all the issues of the conany price. There is a peace more second, ye shall not suffer yourselves flict are anything but clear, the matter

destructive of the manhood of living to be slain by the hand of your of citizenship responsibility is perfectly man than war is destructive of the enemies. clear. Our brethren, we know somebody. 'Chains are worse than bayo- "And again, the Lord had said that: thing of what you face and sense,

nets.'"(The Improvement Era, June Ye shall defend your families even something of what you feel.

1955, p. 395.) unto bloodshed. Therefore for this I have worn the uniform of my naRecently a college student about to cause were the Nephites contending tive land in the time of total conflict.

graduate, and under notice from the with the Lamanites, to defend them- I have smelled the stench of human selective service, came to my office. selves, and their families, and their dead and wept tears for slaughtered

Confused and worried, he told me of lands, their country, and their rights, comrades. I have climbed amid the

the pressure from fellow students and and their religion."(Al. 43:4647.) rubble of ravaged cities and contemfrom faculty members to refuse inducMore was said anciently, but we plated in horror the ashes of a civilization, to leave the country, if necessary. turn to modern prophets, for they have tion sacrificed to Moloch; yet knowing

I are, issues as they this, were the with deeper and touched spoken on the When confusing—and

I service, could to military called again First of the issues involved. A message can a man they are theconfusing—whatissues are so

do? How can he know which way to Presidency dated April 6, 1942, states: not conscientiously object!

turn? "... the Church is and must be against To you who have answered that call,

First, the scriptures are not silent on war.... It cannot regard war as a we say: Serve honorably and well.

the subject. These are not new issues; righteous means of settling internaKeep your faith, your character, your

75 years b.c., the Nephites faced tional disputes; these should and could virtue.

of such a challenge. There encircled be settled—the nations agreeing—by While war permits stomping out

them an ominous threat to liberty, the peaceful negotiations and adjustments. a man's heart the reverent and tender

home, the family, and their rights of "But the Church membership are virtues that exemplify true manhood, worship. While our present dilemma citizens or subjects of sovereignties over military services does not require it.

is not quite like theirs, all too soon the which the Church has no control. The You can serve and yet be exemplars of

very circumstances they faced could Lord himself has told us to 'befriend righteousness.

come upon us. We would do well at that law which is the constitutional "It is a disgraceful thought,"said

least to ponder the words of their law of the land':... President Joseph F. Smith, "that a

prophets: "Behold,"said Moroni, "... When, therefore, constitutional man to become a soldier should be-

"could ye suppose that ye could sit law, obedient to these principles, calls come a rake and abandon himself to upon your thrones, and because of the the manhood of the Church into the crime and wickedness. Let the soldiers

exceeding goodness of God ye could armed service of any country to which that go out... be and remain men of

do nothing and he would deliver you? they owe allegiance, their highest civic honor. And when they are called,

Behold, if ye have supposed this ye duty requires that they meet that call. obey the call, and manfully meet the

have supposed in vain."(Al. 60:11.) If, harkening to that call and obeying duty, the dangers, or the labor, that

The Book of Mormon records that those in command over them, they may be required of them, or that they "the Nephites were taught to defend shall take the lives of those who may be set to do; but do it with an

themselves against their enemies, even fight against them, that will not eye single to the accomplishment of to the shedding of blood if it were make of them murderers, nor subject the good that is aimed to be accomnecessary; yea, and they were also them to the penalty that God has plished, and not with the bloodthirsty

taught never to give an offense, yea, prescribed for those who kill...."desire to kill and to destroy."(Conferand never to raise the sword except it Surely no individual will be excused ence Report, April 1917, p. 4.)

were against an enemy, except it were for any wanton act of brutality, In armed conflicts there are casualto preserve their lives. wickedness, or destruction. Nevertheties. Sometimes clean, worthy men,

"And this was their faith... if they less, this statement confirms: "... He innocent of any desire to kill, devoid

were faithful in keeping the commandwill not hold the innocent instrumenof any aggressive will to own that ments of God that he would prosper talities of the war, our brethren in which belongs to someone else, fall them in the land; yea, warn them to arms, responsible for the conflict. This victims of the confused, wicked ugliflee, or to prepare for war, according is a major crisis in the worldlife of ness of war.

to their danger; man. God is at the helm.""For,"the prophet Moroni said, "the

"And also, that God would make A man does not necessarily have to Lord suffereth the righteous to be it known unto them whither they volunteer. In fact, it would be hoped slain that his justice and judgment

should go to defend themselves against that young members of the Church may come upon the wicked; therefore,

their enemies and by so doing, the would have the strengthening, stabilizye need not suppose that the righteous

Lord would deliver them...."(Al. ing development of missionary service, will be lost because they are slain;

48:1416.) and perhaps some schooling, before but behold they do enter into the rest

These Nephites faced not only the they enter the service, if indeed they of their God."(Al. 60:13.) There are

hostility of invading enemies, but also are required to do so at all. And homes among us now where this

indifference, dissension, and corrupsometimes they are required to serve. If heartbreak is known.

tion in their own land. But the record so, the brethren have said: "... the I read somewhere some simple lines

confirms that "they were doing that members of the Church have always of verse about a mother—and a telewhich they felt was the duty which felt under obligation to come to the gram. Deep within lies a seed of

they owed to their God; for the Lord defense of their country when a call to strength and consolation—understood,

had said unto them and also unto their arms was made...."(The Improveperhaps, only by those who have faith.

fathers, that: Inasmuch as ye are not ment Era, May 1942, pp. 346, 34849.) I can read but a few lines.

60 Improvement Era ''Killed in action... in the line of "But a soft voice seemed to whisper it. Live worthily.

duty.'In the twilight's afterglow, We pray God that he will protect

fall Blind her eyes will not a mortal with pain.... you went

I tescasualty war. of agony, of mortal "... you—thatnor a moral A Two'I hadthousanda son...yearsat Calvaryago.'moan

Then all hecame still again. tify to you that "this is a major crisis

God bless you, our brethren. We in the worldlife of man. God is at

"'Oh God!... my God!... where love you. We sustain you. There is no the helm."(The Improvement Era,

were you dishonor in your service. May 1942, p. 349.)

When my son was being slain?'Stay close to the Church, to the I bear witness that he lives and

And the scalding tears of bitterness branches and wards near your post, to that he guides the destiny of man and

Drenched her cheeks like the summer our chaplains and servicemen's groups. of this Church, in the name of Jesus

rain. Carry your servicemen's kit; read from Christ. Amen. C

He Rose Again

James A. Cullimore

Assistant to the Council of the Twelv<

Since next Sunday is Easter Sunday, that the crucifixion had really gripped the story with a saving faith could

I want to direct my remarks to this the eager little soul. Touching the boy deny that the Nazarene was the

important day and the circumstances on the shoulder, the man said, "Sonny, world's Savior and the conqueror of surrounding it. what does it mean?"death."

There are two great festal days in "Don'cha know?"he answered, his Yes, he rose again, for you and me

the Christian year: one is Christmas face full of the marvel of the man's for all the children of God—that we

and the other is Easter. The first is ignorance. "That there man is Jesus, might not be lost but that we might

in honor of the Lord's coming into and them others is Roman soldiers, live again and have immortality and the world. It is a glorious occasion. and the woman crying is his mother, eternal life. Unto every man, woman,

Wherever there are a home and and,"he added, "they killed him."and child he brought immortality. Lischildren, in every quarter of the world, The man was loath to leave the ten to the words of Alma: "Now, there

there is joy on this great occasion. Old window, but he could not tarry always is a death which is called a temporal

grudges disappear, feuds are forgotten, at the tragic scene, so he turned away death; and the death of Christ shall

and love flows from heart to heart and walked down the street. In a loose the bands of this temporal death,

at Christmastime. few moments he heard pattering footthat all shall be raised from this

Yet Christmas is less a day of victory steps, and there came rushing toward temporal death.

than Easter, for the story that begins him the little boy. "The spirit and the body shall be

then is incomplete until it is crowned "Say, mister!"be exclaimed breathreunited again in its perfect form....

by the announcement, "The Lord is lessly. "I forgot to tell you, but he "Now, this restoration shall come

risen."Someone has so beautifully rose again!"to all, both old and young, both bond

said: "If the Savior, having breathed Yes, he rose again. The advent on and free, both male and female, both

his last on the cross, had never come earth of the Redeemer is of less imthe wicked and the righteous...."

back to the world in life as he promportance than the conquest of death (Al. 11:4244.)

ised, then the Star of Bethlehem might and the grave, for it was only by Paul said: "For since by man came

as well never have flamed, the angels rising from the grave that he could death, by man came also the resuras well never have sung 'Glory to redeem the world. Hence, his resurrection of the dead.

God in the Highest'in the midnight rection signalizes the redemption of "For as in Adam all die, even so in sky, and the wise men from the east mankind and becomes one of the Christ shall all be made alive."(1 Cor.

need not have taken their journey to greatest of all occasions for every 15:2122.)

find the babe in the manger. We child of Gocl. All this comes without effort on our

might have wept over our crucified Our author continues: "It required part through the grace of our Lord

king if he had never risen from the the resurrection to complete the work Jesus Christ. Unto those who believe

dead, but we sound his praises now of redemption. The marvel of the on him, repent of their sins, and keep

because he lives and reigns forever manger birth attracted little attenhis commandments and prove faithful and ever."(Author unknown.) tion from an ancient people, accusto the end shall come the greatest gift

The story is told of a man walking tomed to accept the marvelous. The of all in the atonement, not only imdown a street in Chicago who came to miracle of Galilee failed to astound a mortality, but eternal life also, for the

a store window where there was disworld that treated miracles as a matter Lord has said, "And, if you keep my played a beautiful picture.of the of course. The martyrdom of Calvary commandments and endure to the end

crucifixion. As he stood gazing spellwas not in itself sufficient to prove you shall have eternal life, which gift

bound at the vivid picture story, he that Jesus was the Savior of the world; is the greatest of all the gifts of God."

suddenly became conscious that at his but when the angel of the resurrection (D&C 14:7.) In the words of Nephi:

side stood a little boy. The boy too showed the weeping followers of Jesus "... Wherefore, if ye shall press forwas gazing at the picture, and his an empty tomb on the morning of the ward, feasting upon the word of Christ,

tense expression made the man know first resurrection, no one who accepted and endure to the end, behold, thus

June 1968 61 saith the Father: Ye shall have eternal bought sweet spices, that they might And this he did.

life."(2 Ne. 31:20.) come and anoint him. More and more, men are doubting

Yes, he rose again, for the Father "And very early in the morning the that Jesus was resurrected and that he gave him to have "life in himself,"first day of the week, they came unto is now the living Christ, the Only Behecause he had strength to suffer, the sepulchre at the rising of the sun. gotten Son of God in the flesh.

hleed, and die for our sins individually, "And they said among themselves, But he proclaimed himself a God.

and for the transgression of Adam, that Who shall roll us away the stone even the Son of God, and that all we might not have to suffer ourselves from the door of the sepulchre? things were created by him. "In the

if we keep his commandments. "And when they looked, they saw beginning was the Word, and the

The Savior himself said: "For hethat the stone was rolled away:... Word was with God, and the Word

hold, I, God, have suffered these things "And entering into the sepulchre, was God.

for all, that they might not suffer if they saw a young man sitting on the "The same was in the beginning they would repent; right side, clothed in a long white with God.

"But if they would not repent they garment; and they were affrighted. "All things were made by him; and

must suffer even as I; "And he saith unto them, Be not without him was not anything made

"Which suffering caused myself, affrighted: Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, that was made.

even God, the greatest of all, to tremble which was crucified: he is risen; he is "In him was life; and the life was

because of pain, and to bleed at every not here: behold the place where they the light of men."(John 1:1-4.)

pore,spirit—andand towouldsufferthatbothI mightbody andnot laid"Buthim.go your way, tell his disciples in "Destroythree daysthisI willtemple,"raise heit up."said, (John"and

drink the bitter cup, and shrink and Peter that he goeth before you 2:19.) He spoke of the temple as his

"Nevertheless, glory be to the into Galilee: there shall ye see him, body. Pilate also doubted Christ's

Father, and I partook and finished my as he said unto you."(Mark 16:1-7.) words, that he would rise again, and

preparations unto the children of men."The actuality of the resurrection is he placed guards by the. sepulcher.

(D&C 19:1619.) attested to by many unto whom the Yet, Jesus came out of the tomb, the

Amulek understood this as he resurrected Lord showed himself. conqueror of death, hell, and the

prophesied of the coming of the As some of the disciples went to grave.

Savior: "And he shall come into the Emmaus, Jesus walked with them, but Many of the apostles of the Savior

world to redeem his people; and he their "eyes were holden that they witnessed his crucifixion and were also

shall take upon him the transgressions should not know him."After much witnesses of his resurrection. From

of those who believe on his name; and conversation and visiting, their eyes the testimony of many of them we

these are they that shall have eternal were opened, and they knew him; and have some of the strongest assurances

life, and salvation cometh to none he vanished out of their sight. of the reality of the resurrection. There

else. "And they said one to another, Did was no doubt in the mind of Peter as

"Therefore the wicked remain as not our heart burn within us, while he to the reality of the resurrection when though there had been no redemption talked with us by the way, and while he spoke to the very men who had made, except it be the loosing of the he opened to us the scriptures? been witnesses to his death:

bands of death...."(Al. 11:4041.) "And as they thus spake, Jesus him- "Ye men of Israel, hear these words;

Listen to the story of the resurrecself stood in the midst of them, and Jesus of Nazareth, a man approved of tion as related by James E. Talmage: saith unto them, Peace be unto you. God among you by miracles and won-

"Saturday, the Jewish Sabbath, had "But they were terrified and afders and signs, which God did by him passed, and the night preceding the frighted, and supposed that they had in the midst of you, as ye yourselves dawn of the most memorable Sunday seen a spirit. also know:

in history was well nigh spent, while "And he said unto them, Why are ye "Him, being delivered... by wicked

the Roman guard kept watch over troubled? and why do thoughts arise hands have crucified and slain:

the sealed sepulchre wherein lay the in your hearts? "Whom God hath raised up, having

body of the Lord Jesus. While it was "Behold my hands and my feet, that loosed the pains of death...."(Acts

yet dark, the earth began to quake; it is I myself: handle me, and see; for 2:2224.)

an angel of the Lord descended in a spirit hath not flesh and bones, as Paul is one of the greatest witnesses glory, rolled back the massive stone ye see me have."(Luke 24:16, 32, to the literal resurrection of the Lord:

from the portal of the tomb, and sat 3639.) "For I delivered unto you first of all

upon it. His countenance was brilHe then showed them his hands and that which I also received, how that

liant as the lightning, and his raiment his feet, and asked them to bring meat, Christ died for our sins according to was as the driven snow for whiteness. and he took it and did eat it before the scriptures;

The soldiers, paralyzed with fear, fell them. "And that he was buried, and that

to the earth as dead men. When they The miracle of the resurrection is he rose again the third day according

partially recovered from their fright, one of the greatest evidences of Christ's to the scriptures:

they fled from the place in terror. Even divinity. No fact in ancient history "And that he was seen of Cephas,

the rigor of Roman discipline, which is better attested to than that Jesus then of the twelve:

decreed summary death to every lived, that he was crucified, and that "After that, he was seen of about soldier who deserted his post, could not he was resurrected from the dead and five hundred brethren at once; of

deter them. Moreover, there was administered in his immortal body to whom the greater part remain unto

nothing left for them to guard; the his disciples. this present, but some are fallen

seal of authority had been broken, the Jesus proclaimed himself "the resurasleep.

sepulchre was open, and empty."rection, and the life."(John 11:25.) "After that, he was seen of James;

(James E. Talmage, Jesus the Christ, He declared that he would lay his then of all the apostles.

p. 678.) The Lord had risen. body down and take it up again, and "And last of all he was seen of me

"... Mary Magdalene, and Mary added, "I have power to lay it down, also, as of one born out of due time.

the mother of James, and Salome had and I have power to take it up again.""For I am the least of the apostles,

62 Improvement Era that am not meet to be called an with sound logic as to the actuality of receive a fulness of joy.

apostle, because I persecuted the the resurrection. "But if there be no "The elements are the tabernacle of

church of God."(1 Cor. 15:3-9.) resurrection of the dead, then is Christ God; yea, man is the tabernacle of

The scriptures testify that, as Christ not risen: God, even temples; and whatsoever

was resurrected, so shall all be resur- "And if Christ be not risen, then is temple is defiled, God shall destrov rected and have immortality. our preaching vain, and your faith that temple."(D&C 93:3335.)

The Savior said: "Verily, verily, I also vain.... This inseparable union can only

say unto you, He that heareth my "If in this life only we have hope in come about through birth into morword, and believeth on him that sent Christ, we are of all men most tality; death of the body, which is

me, hath everlasting life, and shall miserable. separation of body and spirit; and the

not come into condemnation; but is "But now is Christ risen from the resurrection, which is the reunion of

passed from death unto life. dead, and become the firstfruits of body and spirit. In the resurrected,

"Verily, verily, I say unto you, The them that slept."(1 Cor. 15:1314, glorified, immortalized body we can

hour is coming, and now is, when the 1920.) go on into eternal life with God.

dead shall hear the voice of the Son of Yes, he rose again; and as he broke The atonement of the Savior—his

God: and they that hear shall live. the bands of death, he made it possible death and resurrection—made possible

"For as the father hath life in himfor all to be resurrected and, if the fulfillment of the purpose of God self; so hath he given to the Son to obedient, to have eternal life. He made in the creation of man. Through

have life in himself; it possible for us to have an immortal Moses he declared that purpose: "For

"And hath given him authority to body by which we could receive a behold, this is my work and my glory execute judgment also, because he is "fulness of joy."—to bring to pass the immortality and

the Son of Man. The Lord revealed to the Prophet eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39.)

"Marvel not at this: for the hour Joseph Smith that only as the body I leave you my witness that this is

is coming, in the which all that are and spirit are inseparably connected the work of the Lord, that Jesus lives, in the graves shall hear his voice, could we receive a "fulness of joy."He that he came to earth and by his

"And shall come forth; they that said: atoning sacrifice all shall live again,

have done good, unto the resurrection "For man is spirit. The elements that he atoned for our individual sins

of life; and they that have done evil, are eternal, and spirit and element, inon condition of our repentance. By

unto the resurrection of damnation."separably connected, receive a fulness virtue of our faithfulness we too can

(John 5:2429.) of joy; have eternal life. In the name of

Paid reasoned with the unbelievers "And when separated, man cannot Jesus Christ. Amen. Q

The Gospel Restored

Alma Sonne

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

My brethren and sisters, the gospel and magazines dealing with the refrom heaven, preach any other gospel of Jesus Christ has been restored in vealed word arc being read. Eventually, unto you than that which we have

its fullness. It has no substitute. It wise men will come to know that the preached unto you, let him be acis God's plan to save humanity and only formula for peace is contained cursed."(Gal. 1:8.)

to bring his children back to him. In in the gospel of Jesus Christ. Jesus was similarly positive when

modern times it began to function on Hatred, malice, and vindictiveness he said: "... strait is the gate, and

the 6th day of April 1830, when the must give way to the love advocated narrow is the way, which leadeth unto

Church was organized. Christ's Church and exemplified by the Lord Jesus life, and few there be that find it."

will grow and flourish in the future Christ. There is no other effective (Matt. 7:14.) He also cautioned his

as it has in the past; I quote from way, for in his gospel is the power to followers to "beware of false prophets,"

modern revelation: "... the glory of save. who would come to them in sheep's

the Lord shall be upon her; Paul, the apostle to the Gentiles, clothing. (Matt. 7:15.)

"... and there shall come unto her realized that the gospel is the coveThere was to be no deviation from

out of every nation under heaven."nant which the Lord has made with the outlined plan for the redemption

(D&C 64:4142.) men for their salvation and exaltaof mankind. It is definite and specific

These prophetic words, given on tion. It embraces all the rights, power, in all of its requirements. Obedience

September 11, 1831, are being fuland authority to save and exalt the is the price of salvation.

'family. It is definite in all The mission of the Church is to filled. The Church has reached a human

juncture where it has an opportunity of its commitments. It must not be establish God's kingdom upon the

to be heard. Many barriers and much perverted or modified to suit the conearth, to safeguard it from error and

prejudice have been removed, and* venience, or to satisfy the whims and falsehood, and to promote righteous prominent men in the world are makthe sophistries of false teachers and living among its membership. To

ing their own investigations. others who seek to evade its responcarry forward its program, organizaThe gospel message is before the sibilities. tions have been perfected, missionary

world. It is being studied and investi- I quote Paul's words to the Galawork instituted, and foundations segated by thinkers and scholars. Books tians: "But though we, or an angel curely laid.

June 1968 63 \.J

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints proclaims restora- a Is your tion of the gospel gifts, with all the keys, powers, and authority. It functions as it did anciently, with

''apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, evangelists, etc."(Article of Faith 6.)

'"Ye must he horn again,"said Jesus Money to Nicodemus, who had confessed his faith and manifested his desire to investigate the teachings of the Master.

(See John 3:7.) In his interview with Earning the Jewish ruler, Jesus referred to the

Church as the kingdom of God, an organization through which the work of regeneration should be accomplished.

Nicodemus was impressed but not 25% C PER ANNUM ciplesconverted,of theevengospelthoughweretheexplainedfirst printo qJP him by the Master Teacher. "Many

are called but few are chosen."(See

That's how much you can earn with a sixmonth SAVINGS D&C 121:34.)

The restored gospel is identical in

CERTIFICATE of $1,000 or more at any office of Western all respects to the gospel taught by

Savings and Loan Company. Certificate earnings begin the Savior and his apostles. The rethe day you open your account and certificates are quirements, the principles, and the

ordinances are the same. There is no

automatically renewable every six months. deviation in the fundamental teachIf you prefer, you may open a regular PASSBOOK SAVINGS ings, no departure from the high

account in any amount, with current earnings of 4.50% standardstions in demanded,the authorizedand noprocedures.modificaper annum, compounded semiannually. Either way, YOU The law of health, for instance,

CAN MAKE MONEY WHILE YOU SLEEP, with insured safety, known as the Word of Wisdom, is a and your money is available when needed. Western savings partmakesof forthe physicalgospel plan.fitness,Itsmentalobservanceproaccounts are insured to $15,000 by the Federal Savings ficiency, moral soundness, and spiritual

and Loan Insurance Corporation, a permanent agency of development.

Lord's tithing is the of The law necessary the providing of the U. S. Government. Open your account today at any method

one of Western's five conveniently located offices, in person revenues for the operation of the or by mail. Church in its farreaching ramifications. It too is a part of the restored

gospel. '*tW. When the Prophet Joseph Smith

was asked to point out a distinctive feature of the Church, he replied:

"We have the Holy Ghost."

The Holy Ghost, the third personWESTERN age in the Godhead, is the spirit of revelation upon which the true Church is founded. He is the Comforter and SAVINGS the "abiding witness"referred to by AND LOANCOMPANY the Lord Jesus, and he is conferred by

Home Office: 45 East 1st South, Salt Lake City, Utah - Dial 328971 the laying on of hands.

Cottonwood Mall Office: 4835 Highland Drive, Salt Lake City, Utah - Dial 2780466 He testifies to the repentant, bapPortland Office: 4333 N. E. Sandy Blvd., Portland, Oregon—Dial 2885251 tized believers that Jesus is the Christ,

Woodstock Office: 4501 S. E. Woodstock, Portland, Oregon—Dial 2885251 and clothes them with conviction that

Seattle Office: 8953 Westwood Village Mall, S. W., Seattle, Wash.- Dial WE50500 the restored gospel is true and divine.

This conviction is a sacred and personal testimony that is the strength

Enclosed is my check in the amount of $ for a of the Church and accounts for its [J Savings Certificate ($1,000 or more) wonderful achievements and the stead-

Q Passbook Savings Account (Any amount) fastnessIt is theandmissionloyaltyofof theits Holymembers.Ghost

Name. to inspire the Latterday Saints in

their efforts to build God's kingdom,

Address. to enhance and strengthen the missionary system at home and abroad,

City.State..Zip.

64 Improvement Era and to enlighten the minds of those from God through holy men, called pertain to God's kingdom. He was a

who are searching for the truth. prophets. They were foreordained to humble man and came from the comThe restored gospel declares that do their work. Their object was to mon ranks. He had no worldly

man is a child of God, and that he bring sinners to repentance and to background, no scholarly attainments, lived before his advent upon the earth. provide safeguards against the deand no social standing to justify his

A human being is therefore more than structive influences rampant in their selection. His mind was free from the

a physical creation; he is also a day. traditions, superstitions, and fallacies

spiritual being endowed with the Jesus and his apostles assailed the of the past.

attributes of his Heavenly Father. He corruption and hypocrisy existing He had little to unlearn, few prejumoves toward perfection as he honors among the scribes and Pharisees, and dices to overcome, and no manmade

and obeys divine commandments, rebuked sin in high places. His detheories to lay aside. He was pliable

which is the only way to perfection. nunciation of the religious hypocrites in the hands of God and impressionLife is full of purpose. Man's has no parallel in the world's literature. able to the Spirit's promptings.

career on earth is an opportunity for God has spoken to the modern world He was chosen before he was born, growth and development, an opporthrough Joseph Smith, a farmer's son. and came to the earth at the appointed

tunity for him to acquire knowledge, Through him a new dispensation of time. He was foreordained to do his

power, and experience, and to prepare revealed knowledge has been ushered work. His capabilities had been dehim for eternal life in God's kingdom. in. Prophecies concerning the latter termined before his earthly advent.

Teaching the principles of truth is days are being fulfilled, and man's He was the "chosen of God and the an obligation resting upon the Church. responsibility to God is clearly outfriend of man."(John Taylor, "The

There is no substitute for the plan of lined. Seer, Joseph the Seer,"Hymns, 296.)

life taught by the Savior. This plan The mission of this modern prophet I so testify in the name of Jesus

did not originate with man. It came was to set in order the things which Christ. Amen. O,

Jesus, the Son of God

Eldred G. Smith

Patriarch to the Church t father During this coming week, Christians worlds, and multiply that by the num- "Art thou greater than our throughout the world will be celeber of millions of galaxies, one Abraham, which is dead? and the

brating the death, crucifixion, and hundred million galaxies, that surprophets are dead: whom makest thou

resurrection of the Savior, Jesus Christ. round us, you will then get some view thyself?

We in this Church at this conference of who this Man whom we worship "Jesus answered, If I honour myself, also gather in remembrance of his is."(Behold the Lamb of God, p. 17.) my honour is nothing: it is my Father

birth. He was no amateur, no novice in that honoureth me; of whom ye say,

Might we ask, "Who is he whom the art and skill of a creator. "Worlds that he is your God:

created. call our Savior?"without but he has the Christ, number"not him; Jesus "Yet ye we known have I <E if in great council say, for on this reflect Let's In that I should a moment him: and heaven I know

question, and together call to mind a when the creation of this earth was know him not, I shall be a liar like few known facts. planned, it was he who answered to unto you: but I know him, and keep c

Moses called upon God and was the call of the Father: "Whom shall I his saying.

shown in vision "many lands; and send?..."(Abr. 3:27.) "Your father Abraham rejoiced to

each land was called earth, and there It was he then who came to this see my day: and he saw it, and was

were inhabitants on the face thereof."earth, in the meridian of time, born glad.

(Moses 1:29.) of the virgin Maty. He was the "Then said the Jews unto him,

The word of God the Father, deliteral Son of God the Father, "the Thou art not yet fifty years old, and clared to Moses: "... by the word of Only Begotten Son."hast thou seen Abraham?

my power, have I created them, which He declared who he was. Through- "Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily,

is mine Only Begotten Son, who is out his life on earth, he repeatedly I say unto you, Before Abraham was, full of grace and truth. declared that he was the Son of God. I am."(John 8:5358.)

"And worlds without number have At the age of 12, he was found in the When Jesus was about to raise

I created; and I also created them for temple, conversing with the doctors. Lazarus from the dead, "Martha saith

mine own purpose; and by the Son I In answer to his mother's reproof, he unto him, I know that he shall rise

created them, which is mine Only said, "... wist ye not that I must be again in the resurrection at the last

Begotten."(Moses 1:3233.) about my Father's business?"(Luke day.

Some astronomers now say that in 2:49.) "Jesus said unto her, I am the resurthis galaxy of which we are a part, At the baptism of Jesus by John, rection, and the life: he that believeth

there are about one million worlds like as also at the transfiguration of Jesus, in me, though he were dead, yet shall this one on which we live. President a voice from heaven declared: "This he live:

J. Reuben Clark, Jr., put it this way: is my beloved Son, in whom I am well "And whosoever liveth and believeth

"... if you think of this galaxy of pleased."(Matt. 3:17; 17:5.) in me shall never die. Believest thou

ours having within it from the beginJesus was talking with the Jews this?

ning perhaps until now, one million about Abraham, and they said to him: "She saith unto him, Yea, Lord: I

June 1968 65 "To know God is to keep his commandments."repent, lest I smite you by the rod of

my mouth, and by my wrath, and by my anger, and your sufferings be sore believe that thou art the Christ, the sea where the disciples had had no how sore you know not, how exquisite

Son of God, which should come into success, and the nets were filled to you know not, yea, how hard to bear the world."(John 11:2427.) overflowing. you know not.

Jesus asked a Samaritan woman to In the midst of storm, he com- "For behold, I, God, have suffered draw water for him, and a conversamanded the sea to be still, and there these things for all, that they might tion followed. The Samaritan woman was calm. (See Mark 4:3741.) not suffer if they would repent;

at the well said to Jesus, "I know that He cursed the fig tree that did not "But if they would not repent they

Messias cometh, which is called bear fruit, and it died. (See Matt. must suffer even as I;

Christ: when he is come, he will tell 21:19.) "Which suffering caused myself,

us all things. He healed all manner of illness even God, the greatest of all, to

"Jesus saith unto her, I that speak and disease. At his command the evil tremble because of pain, and to bleed

"unto thee am he."(John 4:2526.) spirits departed, they too declaring at every pore, and to suffer both body

"When Jesus came into the coasts who he was. He made the blind to and spirit—and would that I might

of Caesarea Philippi, he asked his see, the lame to walk. Yes, he even not drink the bitter cup, and shrink

disciples, saying, Whom do men say controlled life itself, for he restored "Nevertheless, glory be to the that I the Son of man am? to life Lazarus, who had been deFather, and I partook and finished

"And they said, Some say that thou clared dead for four days. There my preparations unto the children of

art John the Baptist: some, Elias; and were others too. men.

others, Jeremias, or one of the Yes, "the earth is the Lord's, and the "Wherefore, I command you again prophets. fulness thereof."(1 Cor. 10:26.) He to repent, lest I humble you with my

"He saith unto them, But whom say had dominion over all the kingdoms almighty power "(D&C 19:1520.)

ye that I am? of the earth—in the earth, on the Do you so think of him when par-

"And Simon Peter answered and earth, and in the heaven above the taking of the sacrament, and covenant said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of'earth. All he did was for others—to keep his commandments? To know

the living God. life of service. There was not one him is to keep his commandments. Do

"And Jesus answered and said unto selfish act. you know him who is called Jesus?

him, Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: Approaching the finish of his misYes, this is he whom we worship.

for flesh and blood hath not revealed sion here, he prayed to the Father: "I He is the Son of God, the Great

it unto thee, but my Father which is have glorified thee on the earth: I Creator. He is our Savior and Rein heaven."(Matt. 16:1317.) have finished the work which thou deemer. He is our advocate with the

On numerous other occasions, he gavest me to do. Father. It was he who made possible

declared that he was the Son of God, "And now, O Father, glorify thou universal resurrection. It was he,

the Christ. Is it any wonder then that me with thine own self with the glory with his Father, who appeared to

when the request came for him to which I, had with thee before the Joseph Smith in the Sacred Grove.

provide wine at the wedding feast, world was."(John 17:4-5.) I testify that God lives and that

he, the great Creator, changed water He took upon himself the sins of Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God, to wine? all who shall repent, and gave his and that it was under his direction

With a few loaves and fishes, he life that all might live. He brought that the gospel of Jesus Christ has been

fed five thousand plus women and about the resurrection for all. restored in this dispensation for the

children on one occasion, and four Finally, in preparation for the last time, and that President David O.

thousand plus women and children on restoration of his kingdom on the McKay is his living Prophet today. I

another. (See Matt. 14.) At his sugearth in these the last days, he said: so testify these truths in the name of

gestion, the nets were cast into the "Therefore I command you to repent Jesus Christ. Amen. O

us* "If the Lord Be God, Follow Him"

John H. VandenbergPresiding Bishop

W A few years ago I read a story of a comes a question that reaches beyond The soul that rises with us, our life's mother who was running and playing the understanding of most of mankind. star,

with her threeyear-old daughter. The This touches on the questions of "Who Hath had elsewhere its setting,

mother told her daughter that when are we?"and "What are we doing And cometh from afar:

she was a little girl her mother had here?"Not in entire forgetfulness,

played with her in a very similar William Wordsworth presents to us And not in utter nakedness, manner. his inspiration in this excerpt from But trailing clouds of glory do we come

Upon hearing this, the little girl his poem, "Intimations of ImmorFrom God who is our home:

looked up with inquisitive eyes and tality": Heaven lies about us in our infancy!"

said, "Mother, where was I when you were a little girl?""Our birth is but a sleep and a forThese thoughts reiterate what the

From the lips of this small girl getting: prophets have told us in the scrip66 Improvement Era

tures. The Lord told Jeremiah, "Becountrymen in just such a state, putProphet can taste the joy of service.

fore I formed thee in the belly I knew ting their faith in various idolatrous Just the other day I received a written thee; and before thou earnest forth out gods, or Baal. They had their false testimony from a mother expressing

of the womb I sanctified thee, and I priests, and each locality had its own appreciation for a servant of the Lord.

ordained thee a prophet unto the particular idol. Such idols were This servant, a home teacher, was

nations."(Jer. 1:5.) worshiped through burnt offerings, simply following the Lord's assignThe testimony of Abraham sheds festivals, human sacrifice, and gross ment to "watch over the Church

further light on the questions, "Who sensuality. always, and be with and strengthen

are we?"and "What are we doing Upon finding this condition among them."(D&C 20:53.) She writes:

here?"He said: the people, Elijah took action. He "My husband had taken some

"Now the Lord had shown unto me, prevailed upon Ahab to gather all.the Scouts to the Merit Badge PowWow

Abraham, the intelligences that were people, including the priests of Baal, at B.Y.U. It was a twohundred mile

organized before the world was; and together unto Mount Carmel, and drive so they had left at 4 o'clock in

among all these there were many of then Elijah said to this assembly: the morning. When I awakened, my

the noble and great ones; "How long halt ye between two opinmain concern was for their safety as

"And God saw these souls that they ions? if the Lord be God, follow him: it was snowing and blowing. My

were good, and he stood in the midst but if Baal, then follow him...."eightyear-old boy had already awakof them, and he said: These I will (1 Kings 18:21.) ened and left on his bicycle for the

make my rulers; for he stood among The failure of the priests of Baal, corral, about a mile away, to do

those that were spirits, and he saw as Elijah caused them to test their the chores. Suddenly there he was

that they were good; and he said unto gods, stands as a classic example of in the bedroom with a big tear in each

me: Abraham, thou art one of them; the futility of following or pursuing eye.

thou wast chosen before thou wast false idols. But the charge given ''Mama, we've got two little lambs

born. by Elijah to the people, "If the Lord be out to the farm and they are wet and

"And there stood one among them God, follow him,"has stood. Not shaking, and I tried to call you from

that was like unto God, and he said in history has it ever failed mankind. the service station but you had to

unto those who were with him: We It stands even today. have a dime, so I just wrapped my

will go down, for there is space there, It might be asked, "If the Lord be coat around them and rode home as and we will take of these materials, God, why should we follow him?"fast as I could.'

and we will make an earth whereon The most striking answer to this query "My husband had acquired a small these may dwell."(Abr. 3:2224.) lies in the lives of those who have herd of ewes only last fall as a fatherThis disclosure by the Lord gives "followed"him. son project, but my son and I

significant meaning and purpose to Christ the Lord said to Peter: "Folwere completely inexperienced in the

life. Life, then, is not just a period low me, and I will make you fishers of process of 'lambing.'I knew that we

isolated between birth and death. The men."Peter "straightway left [his] had to have help from someone. Whom

Lord further disclosed to Abraham: nets, and followed him."(Matt. 4:19could we call? I don't recall which

"And we will prove them herewith, 20.) What happened? From a simple one of us thought of it first but sudto see if they wjll do all things whatfisherman, Peter was transformed into denly both of us knew it would be our

soever the Lord their God shall com- a courageous leader. On one occasion home teacher.

mand them; he was called before Jewish leaders "Within twenty minutes he was at

"... and they who keep their secand warned not to "teach in the name the corral with his eightyear-old boy

ond estate shall have glory added upon of Jesus."With great courage, Peter and mine. He stayed for three hours,

their heads for ever and ever."(Abr. defied the order, and rebuked the working with the lambs every minute.

3:2526.) rulers, saying: "Whether it be right in The sheep had not been sheared, as

For those who are not aware of this the sight of God to hearken unto you the expected lambing date was still divine purpose, life may seem to be a more than unto God, judge ye. For a month away, but he understood and

mysterious journey with few landwe cannot but speak the things which did those things which needed to be marks and with no real objectives. we have seen and heard."(Acts 4:18done. One lamb looked quite strong,

They may seek only that which their 20.) but there was not much hope for the

eyes can see. Their only objective To the woman whom the scribes second. Just before dinner he returned

may be material wealth and the emand Pharisees had found in sin, Christ to the house with one of the lambs bracing of worldly pleasures. Moral opened a whole new life by admonin a box. Would I try to get it warm?

other to his taking the one was to counsel. ishing his her follow standards only when To He may be applied

it. to work with would be He home said: sin they her no more."it is convenient. In a sense, he and "Go

worship and make gods of the physical, No longer would her conscience be back within two hours to take them whatever it may be. burdened by her pursuing a life of both back to their mother for nursing.

six certain that over spent he "I am a sin. face life She could It is prophets the burdened who are anew—with

at Saturday that our hours workfarm life purpose. Her whole could now be charge of turning with the hearts the

of the people from the worship of refocused upon that which is noble ing with our sheep and our boy. As a

false gods. In the wisdom of God, and uplifting. All this could be hers result we now have two healthy lambs

beloved even more and an home him.""following by his children has provided with he

I cannot tell you how much said: to Christ spiritual leadership keep the true "If any man serve me, teacher.

and real purpose of life uppermost let him follow me; and where I am, our eightyear-old boy thinks of the

side teacher by who worked home."

.. also there be. shall servant hearts, their in without and minds my

entire through day one with him is 12:26.) in Following a side un- (John the people dwindle soon which him

is love that the teaching by example process. living. belief the dayby-day be It must aimless and "Where 1 our gospel."is objective hour. every conscious perof vision, people there the Even no

ish "(Prov. 29:18.) today those who will serve the Master No better example could be given

The prophet Elijah found his and follow the directions of his better from Mrs. Harl E, Judd, Cedar City, Utah.

June 1968 67 of what it means to follow the Lord, has two creators, his God and himself. man makes of himself that counts."

for God has commanded that we shall The first creator furnishes him the raw To those who ask, 'Where was I "love the Lord thy God with all thy materials for his life—the laws and when...?"the answer is, "With God

heart, and with all thy soul, and with conformity with which he can make—waiting to come to earth to prove

all thy mind,"and "love thy neighthat life what he will. The second yourself."The Lord is God; let us

bour as thyself."(Matt. 22:37', 39.) creator—himself—has marvelous powfollow him. I so testify in the name

William George Jordan said: "Man ers he rarely realizes. It is what a of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

Saturday Morning; Session, April 6, 1968

Americans Are Destroying America

Ezra Taft Benson Of the Council of the Twelve IT We live in a time of crisis. Never courageous men acting under inspirastatesman, explained that "men are

since the period of the Civil War has tion from the Almighty. It is a qualified for civil liberty in exact prothis nation faced such critical days. solemn contract between the peoples portion to their disposition to put

Americans are destroying America. of the states of this nation that all moral chains upon their own appeMembers of The Church of Jesus officers of government are under duty tites,—in proportion as their love of Christ of Latterday Saints—the Morto obey. The eternal moral laws exjustice is above their rapacity,—in mon Church—believe pressed therein must be adhered to or proportion as their soundness and—"that governments were instituted individual liberty will perish. It is sobriety of understanding is above

of God for the benefit of man; and the responsibility of government to their vanity and presumption,—in prothat he holds men accountable for punish crime and provide for the adportion as they are more disposed to

their acts in relation to them, both in ministration of justice and to protect listen to the counsels of the wise and making laws and administering them, the right and control of property. good, in preference to the flattery of

for—"thatthe goodnoandgovernmentsafety of society."can exist in conceptsBut todayarethesebeingbasicflaunted,principlesdisreand knaves.controllingSocietypowercannotupon exist,will unlessand ap-a

peace, except such laws are framed garded, and challenged, even by men petite be placed somewhere; and the

and held inviolate as will secure to in high places. Through the exercise less of it there is within, the more

each individual the free exercise of of political expediency, the governthere must be without. It is ordained

conscience, the right and control of ment is condoning the breakdown of in the eternal constitution of things, property,—"that andall governmentsthe protectionnecessarilyof life."lawLawandenforcementorder. in America is at thatbe free.men ofTheirintemperatepassionsmindsforgecannottheir

require civil officers and magistrates the point of crisis. A recent Life Line fetters."(The Writings and Speeches

to enforce the laws of the same; and broadcast warned that "in Chicago, of Edmund Burke, Vol. 4, pp. 5152.)

that such as will administer the law 64 men quit the police force in one I do not believe the greatest threat in equity and justice should be sought month. Baltimore has 360 police to our future is from bombs or guided

for and upheld by the voice of the vacancies. Washington, D.C., is 230 missiles. I do not think our civilizapeople.—"that.. all."men are bound to susmenment. shortAnd ofcitiesits allauthorizedover the complecountry tiondie whenwill diewe thatno longerway. care,I thinkwhenit willthe

tain and uphold the respective governare desperately seeking recruits. spiritual forces that make us wish to

ments in which they reside, while "Police aren't striking; they're quitbe right and noble die in the hearts

protected in their inherent and inting, and it is understandable. They're of men, when we disregard the imalienable rights by the laws of such being demoralized by the hostile attiportance of law and order.

governments; and that sedition and tudes of the politically minded If American freedom is lost, if Amerrebellion are unbecoming ever}'citiSupreme Court. They're being deica is destroyed, if our bloodbought

zen thus protected, and should be moralized by a weird penal system freedom is surrendered, it will be bepunished accordingly...."(D&C which frees hardened criminals almost cause of Americans. What's more, it

134:1-3, 5.) as fast as they're arrested.... Policewill probably not be only the work of

No people can maintain freedom men are demoralized by slanted news subversive and criminal Americans.

unless their political institutions are reporting, distorted facts which show The Benedict Arnolds will not be the founded upon faith in God and bepolice activities from the criminal's only ones to forfeit our freedom.

lief in the existence of moral law. God side. And they're being demoralized "At what point, then, is the aphas endowed men with certain inby an avalanche of new laws, which proach of danger to be expected?"asked

alienable rights, and no legislature are making it even harder to convict Abraham Lincoln, and he answered, and no majority, however great, may the guilty. "If it ever reaches us, it must spring up

morally limit or destroy these. The "San Diego Police Chief Wesley B. among us. It cannot come from

function of government is to protect Sharp warns that: 'If there isn't a abroad. If destruction be our lot, we

life, liberty, and property, and anychange, the increase in crime will lead must ourselves be its author and finthing more or less than this is usurpato anarchy and criminals will control isher; as a nation of freemen, we must

tion and oppression. the nation.'"(Life Line Freedom Talk live through all time or die by

The Constitution of the United No. 53, February 22, 1968.) suicide."(Springfield, Illinois, JanuStates was prepared and adopted by Edmund Burke, the great English ary 27, 1837.)

68 Improvement Era happiness is "If America is destroyed, it may be by Americans who salute the flag, singthe national anthem, march in patri- a bowl of oticspeakers—normallyparades, cheer goodFourthAmericans,of Julybut Americans who fail to comprehend berries

what is required to keep our country strong and free—Americans who have

been lulled away into a false security.

Great nations are never conquered from outside unless they are rotten inside. Our greatest national problem

today is erosion, not the erosion of the soil,ity—erosionbut erosionof traditionalof the nationalenforcementmoralof law and order.

Theodore Roosevelt said: "The

things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, and love of soft living and the getrich-quick theory of life."(Quoted in

The Red Carpet, p. 315.)

In this blessed land we have exalted security, comfort, and ease above freedom. If we dwelled at length on the

many things that are disturbing in the life of America today, we might well become discouraged. I mention only

a few of the reported startling evidences of our national illness, our moral—Thereerosion.is a decline of U.S. morals

and moral fiber, a turning to pleasure and away from hard work and high standards—There ofis thea growingpast. worry in our

universities over cheating in examinations.—Nationwide juvenile delinquencies show an eightfold increase since

1950.—There is a 500million dollar smut

industry in this country causing youngsters to wrestle with standards..topped with energyrichof—Americavalue. is the biggest market for

narcotics.—Although we consider ourselves

order, in believe law anda people who I Sugar the ZJand of evidence seen have muchwe passion of the mob. Land from Sugarplum differThe sugar in 137 have occurred—Riots your life sweeter that makes citiesent 33 and months, towns in

resulting in 120 deaths, including 12 police officers slain; 3,623 other persons injured; 28,932 arrested; and

hundreds of millions of dollars property—Crimedamage.in the United States is up88 percent in seven years, rising nearly |j,f

nine times faster than population, up 16 percent per year, according to the

FBI. Crime costs some $20 billion ayear, and less than 21 percent of reSUGAR

ported crimes result in arrests and less

GRANULATEDtban—Inonethirdthe midstof thoseof a incoldconvictions.war and F |N E

preparation for a possible shooting

UK1 iri"> June 1968 69 a law and order must be taught. 7) America needs guts as well as guns.

National character is the core of national defense.

Could many of our ills today have war of survival, we have faced 651 rousers, the Commies who have gained resulted from our failure to train a strikes—Theat Unitedmissile Statesbases ingovernmentsix years. has respectabilityCertainly, mostas ofhonestthese dissenters?could be strongwe have—thecitizenryboysfromandthegirlsonlyofsourceeach

racked up a shameful record of 31 brought before the bar of justice to community? Have they grown up to

treasury—The deficitsskyrocketingin thecostpastof 35theyears.welanswerand theychargesshouldofbe.law violations... believepleasure inwithoutpolitics conscience,without principle,knowlfare state increased in 8 years from 6.9 "However, there is a stronger, truer edge without effort, wealth without

billion to 20.3 billion dollars in 1961 bill of indictment which may be work, business without morality, sciand stood at 87 billion 578 million drawn against those who have invited ence without humanity, worship within—There1966. are over 7,700,000 people permitting,the bloody evenblackmailencouraging,of Americamountby outIn sacrifice?recent months a nationwide suron relief in federal, state, and local ing civil disobedience...."vey of high school and college students

programs.—During the past 33 years our menAndof thennationalthe articleprominencenames andnamesconof hasChamberbeen conducted.of CommerceThe revealsU.S. Juniorthat

budget has increased 20 times over, tinues: "These men of power, prestige, 41 percent believe that freedom of the

and our national debt has increased and great influence in the political press should be cancelled; 53 percent

from $16 billion to an admitted $324 structure of America have permitted the believe in government ownership of billion; adding accrued liabilities payconcept of 'freedom of speech'to be banks, railroads, and steel companies;

able in the future, our real indebtedexpanded to include subversion, in62 percent said that the government ness exceeds $1 trillion, or an average timidation, sedition, and incitement to had the responsibility to provide jobs;

indebtedness of $5,200 for every man, riot; they have condoned the distor62 percent thought a worker should

woman, and child in the United tion of 'academic freedom'to encomnot produce all that he can; 61 perStates.—Our present federal debt is equal withpass theCommunistadulterationdoctrineof youngandmindsthe centnecessaryrejectedto thethesurvivalprofit ofincentivefree enteras

to a first mortgage of $10,000 on all disintegration of a welldisciplined prise; 84 percent denied that patriotism

owned homes in the country and is educational system; they have allowed is vital and plays an important part

reported to exceed the combined debt 'freedom of assembly'to mushroom in our lives. (Bookmailer News, Vol.

of all countries of the world. Annual into disruption of peaceful activity, 10, Nov. 1, 1965.)

interest on the soaring national debt mob rule, riot, and insurrection. Letters that come to my desk from

is over $15 billion—only defense and "Unless those in authority in the worried parents deeply concerned by

welfare—Americanare higher.currencies are weaker Unitedabandon Statesthe suicidalcan becourseinfluencedon whichto whatin the isschoolsbeing taughtare shocking,to theirto childrensay the

than those of Germany and Japan, they have embarked—or unless they least.

who were defeated in World War II. can be replaced by men who will—we We can never survive unless our

—Inflation has struck a serious blow cannot hope to restore in our nation young people understand and appreto—-Wethe valuecontinueof theto moveAmericanin the dollar.direcwhichthe kindhasof madedomesticourpeacemanyandgeneraorder ciategiven ourmoreAmericanof the goodsystem,thingswhichof haslife

tion of more federal intervention, more tions proud to be Americans... living than any other system in the world

concentration of power, more spending, in a land of freedom, security, oppor-—unless they have a dedication that

more taxing, more paternalism, more tunity, and justice under law. exceeds the dedication of the enemy.

stateism. "The crisis we now face is the Character must become important in

The present shocking situation was most serious, the most dangerous, in this country again. The old essentials

summed up succinctly by }. Edgar the history of our country. Each of of honesty, selfrespect, loyalty, and

Hoover in the April 1967 FBI Law Enus must diligently employ our influsupport for law and order must be forcement Bulletin in these words: ence and our effort—in speech, letters, taught the younger generation.

"Morality, integrity, law and order and at the ballot box—to help set I appeal to people everywhere, young

and other cherished principles of our straight the way."and old, to heed these words of Dean

great heritage are battling for survival The facts are clear. Our problem Alfange:

in many communities today. They are centers in Washington, D.C. And this "I do not choose to be a common

under constant attack from degrading applies to the administration of both man. It is my right to be uncommon.

and corrupting influences which, if political parties. In the words of I seek opportunity to develop whatever

not halted, will sweep away every James Madison, "Since the general talents God gave me—not security. I

vestige of decency and order remaincivilization of mankind, I believe there do not wish to be a kept citizen, ing in our society."are more instances of the abridgment humbled and dulled by having the

A recent issue of the wellknown and of freedom of the people by gradual state look after me. I want to take the

highly respected Babson's Washington and silent encroachments of those in calculated risk; to dream and to build,

Forecast Letter carried a fourpage power, than by violent and sudden to fail and to succeed. I refuse to

special supplement, which concluded usurpations."(Elliot's Debates, Vol. 3, barter incentive for a dole. I prefer

as follows: p. 87.) the challenges of life to the guaranteed

"Who are we to indict for sparking If America is to withstand these inexistence; the thrill of fulfillment to

this chaos in America? Are the prime fluences and trends, there must be a the stale calm of Utopia. I will not

defendants the Stokely Carmichaels, renewal of the spirit of our forefathers, trade freedom for beneficence nor my the H. Rap Browns, the hippies, the an appreciation of the American way dignity for a handout. I will never

draftcard burners, the peaceniks, the of life, a strengthening of muscle and cower before any earthly master nor juvenile delinquents, the rabblesinew and the character of the nation. bend to any threat. It is my heritage

70 Improvement Era to stand erect, proud and unafraid; to Our priceless heritage is threatened woman. Tyranny, like hell, is not

think and act myself, enjoy the benetoday as never before in our lifetime: easily conquered; yet we have this

fit of my creations and to face the from without by the forces of Godless consolation with us, that the harder world boldly and say—'This, with Communism, and at home by our the conflict, the more glorious the

God's help, I have done.'All this is complacency and by the insidious triumph. What we obtain too cheap,

what it means to he an American."forces of the SocialistCommunist conwe esteem too lightly; 'tis dearness

Those of us conscious of the seriousspiracy, with the help of those who only that gives everything its value.

ness of the situation must act, and act would abandon the ancient landmarks Heaven knows how to put a proper now. It has been said that it takes set by our fathers and take us down the price upon its goods; and it would be

something spectacular to get folks exroad to destruction. It was Alexander strange indeed, if so celestial an article

cited, like a burning house. Nobody Hamilton who warned that "nothing as FREEDOM should not be highly

notices one that is simply decaying. is more common than for a free people, rated."(The Political Works of

But in America today we not only in times of heat and violence, to Thomas Paine, p. 55.)

have decaying but burning before our gratify momentary passions, by letting As American citizens who love very eyes. How much we need hearts into the government, principles and freedom, we must return to a respect

today who will respond to the inspirprecedents which afterwards prove for national morality—respect for law

ing words of the poet, John Greenleaf fatal to themselves."(Alexander Hamand order. There is no other way of

Whittier: ilton and the Founding of the Nation, safety for us and our posterity. The

p. 462.) hour is late; the time is short. We

"Where's the manly spirit Serious and concerned citizens must begin now, in earnest, and invite

Of the truehearted and the uneverywhere are asking, "Can we cope God's blessings on our efforts.

shackled gone? with these threatening realities?"Yes, The United States should be a

Sons of old freemen, do we inherit we can; if we would allow the local bastion of real freedom. We should

their name alone? police to do their job, they could not support the world's greatest evil,

handle the rioting and looting. Yes, the Godless, SocialistCommunist con-

"Is the old Pilgrim spirit quenched we can, if we have the courage and spiracy that seeks to destroy all we within us? wisdom to return to basic concepts, to hold dear as a great Christian nation

Stoops the proud manhood of our souls recall the spirit of the founding and to promote insidiously the breakso low, fathers and accept wholeheartedly down of law and order and the erosion

That Mammon's lure or Party's wile these words of Thomas Paine, whose of our morality.

can win us to silence now? writings helped so much to stir people With God's help we must return to

to action during the days of the Amerthose basic concepts, those eternal "Now, when our land to ruin's brink is ican Revolution when he said: verities, the rule of law and order

verging, "These are the times that try men's upon which this nation was estabIn God's name let us speak while souls. The summer soldier and the lished. With an aroused citizenry

there is time; sunshine patriot will in this crisis, and the help of Almighty God it can

Now, when the padlocks for our lips shrink from the service of his country; be accomplished. God grant it may

are forging, but he that stands it NOW, deserves be so, I humbly pray in the name of (

Silence is crime."the love and thanks of man and Jesus Christ. Amen.

"Where Art Thou?"

Marion D. Hanks

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

# Great emphasis is being given these assent that "the scriptures are eternal self and his place, and from developdays to programs designed to preserve and that every era, every generation ing his great potential, comes from his and develop physical fitness. This and every man is included in them,"efforts to hide himself from his Father

morning my wife read to me a quotathe. rabbi said, "... in every era, God as Adam did, and from the love, the

tion that emphasizes other aspects of calls to every man: 'Where are you in relationships, the service, and the

fitness even more important: "There your world? So many years and days vicissitudes that the Father has sent

is no exercise better for the heart than of those allotted to you have passed, him to this earth to experience.

in people gotten up."reaching far and lifting have down you and how

.. I in these that spirit are of uplift far you?'along pray for world? your"writtenA thoughtfulthese words:editor "Thehas recentlyhuman t. How

few moments. (Buber, The Way of Man.) potential is the most magical but also c

In the writings of a great modern Says Buber: "In so asking, God does the most elusive fact of life. Men

religious figure is the story of a connot expect to learn something he does suffer less from hunger or dread than versation between a persecuted saintly not know; what he wants is to produce from living under their moral capacity.

rabbi of the late eighteenth century an effect in man which can only be The atrophy of spirit that most men and his jailer in Petersburg. The produced by just such a question, know and all men fear is tied not so

jailer asked, "How are we to understand provided that it reaches man's heart much to deprivation or abuse as it is that God, the allknowing, said to that man allows it to reach his heart."to their inability to make real the

Adam: 'Where art thou?'"We know that much that demeans best that lies within them. Defeat

Having obtained from the iailer his man and keeps him from finding himbegins more with a blur in the vision

June 1968 71 HP hs

*',ltai

L Noah WarnS Of the flOOd. Painting by Harry Ande rson.

I of what is humanly possible than with of the gospel of Jesus Christ. Let me "... a condition born [of the Spirit]

the appearance of ogres in the path or speak of them briefly, primarily in in a mind that has looked at all of the a hell beyond the next turning."illustration. available evidence and discovered in

(Norman Cousins, Saturday Review, What does it matter to our happiness it a meaning with which the soul can

February 6, 1965, p. 18.) or to the development of our charlive at peace. It is not appalled by an

We know well that character is an acter whether or what we believe? invitation to think...."(Guy C.

achievement, not a gift, yet all men Before Joan of Arc was burned at Wilson.)

to some measure, most of us to some the stake, not yet 19 years of age, Recently in Vietnam I learned again considerable measure, and too many having saved her country, she was of the need for men to believe. A

of us to a tragic measure live below offered her freedom -if she would rechoice friend was serving as the comour moral capacity, are willing to pudiate her vision and her faith. mander of a helicopter gunship unit.

accept a plausible lower view of manMaxwell Anderson's great play Joan They had suffered many casualties and kind and of ourselves than we should of Lorraine has her answering: much damage, but miraculously no

or need to, and fail to "make real the "Every man gives his life for what deaths in their highly dangerous work.

best that lies within"us. he believes. Every woman gives her The morning before I talked with him

The Lord wants us to be our best; life for what she believes. Sometimes in Da Nang my friend, a wonderful

he wants us to achieve our highest people believe in little or nothing.... servant of the Lord, was standing by

possibilities. This is the purpose of One life is all we have, and we live it his ship preparing to lead his group

the gospel. He died to give us that as we believe in living it, and then on another difficult mission. The

opportunity. What principles are it's gone. But to surrender what you blades of the whirlybirds were rotating

involved in our succeeding? What are, and live without belief—that's when the major was approached someproblems keep us from it? more terrible than dying—more terwhat hesitantly by a young enlisted

Recently I read a brief newspaper rible than dying young."man from one of the aircraft. The

account of a survey made at a great The apostle Paul spoke of "faith uncommander impatiently asked the boy

American university among many feigned."(1 Tim. 1:5.) It is not, of what he wanted.

thousands of students over a period course, lip service or eye pleasing of "Some of us were wondering, sir,"of several years. With access only which he spoke. It is not to know he said earnestly, "whether you've had

to the article and not to the study everything, or to understand perfectly. time to say your prayers this morning."

itself, let me briefly paraphrase, to Recall the wonderful answer of a lovHumbled by the nature and spirit some measure quote, and add some of ing father who sought the help of the of the question, the commanding offimy own words to the four conclusions Master for his afflicted son. Jesus cer replied that he had had time to

that came out of that study, which asked him if he believed, and the talk with the Lord.

coincide with what I also have obagonized father, his son's life in the "Thank you, sir,"said the young served and experienced in some years balance, was supremely honest: "Lord, man, smiling, relieved. "The guys and

of working with youth. While this I believe; help thou my unbelief."I didn't want to take off on this misstudy dealt basically with collegeage (Mark 9:24.) sion until vou'd had time to pray."

students in our current generation, Faith is not rooted in perfect be- (See Era of Youth, Improvement Era, what it notes is significantly applihavior, though it inspires us to desire May 1968, p. 39.)

cable to our culture in general: it, to seek for it. Consider the parable There had been no overt prayers be-

1. They are looking for a faith, but of the Pharisee and the publican. The fore the group and no sermon or lesson

are skeptical of all faiths, being disPharisee boasted of his righteousness; on the subject, but somehow the word

posed and encouraged to question the publican (who the Savior said was out among the men that their everything and to doubt the estabwent down to his house justified, rather outfit had something special going; for

lished ways. than the other) "would not lift up so them because their commanding officer

2. They are looking for a community much as his eyes unto heaven, but was a man who prayed. to which they can belong—for a famsmote upon his breast, saying, God The most urgent need of our time is

ily, a group, a society—but they are be merciful to me a sinner."(See Luke to understand spiritual truths and

skeptical of all organization. They 18:1014.) apply them to our lives. It has been

as authoritarian, is see institutions Faith that he to know I think "our will not said—and well said—that

their identitythreatening and indireject us. the Book From of Mormon: age has tried sophistication and intelviduality. Many feel that the family "And now, my beloved brethren, seeing lectualism, but these have given no

has failed them. Disorganization and that our merciful God has given us so peace. Psychology and sociology, huresistance give them a chance for great knowledge... let us remember manism and rationalism, have given

preservation as persons, so they somehim, and lay aside our sins, and not us not a fraction of the abiding joy times favor chaos over order. hang down our heads, for we are not and calm our fathers knew through

3. They know they need to think cast off."(2 Ne. 10:20.) From the their faith. For still, there is the

beyond themselves and to give service, Bible: "... therefore will the Lord devastation of doubt and fear and envy

but they are frightened by the comwait, that he may be gracious unto and greed and guilt."(Rev. Massey M.

mitment service requires. you, and therefore will he be exalted, Heltzel.)

4. They want to love and be loved, that he may have mercy upon you...."We have learned again in this conbut their image of self is poor, and (Isa. 30:18.) ference that the most significant conthey are not sure they are capable of Faith motivates us to yield our hearts frontation to be experienced in this

love or worthy of being loved. to him, truly yield our hearts. It world is with Jesus Christ, and yet

In summary, the problems revealed motivates honesty to acknowledge limimany still turn from him without by the survey are in believing, belongtations and vulnerability, willingness knowing him or opening their hearts ing, giving, and loving. These happen to learn, humility to seek help, courto him.

to be the basic ingredients essential age to act, simplicity to trust. It is to A marine in Vietnam said it impresin the development of the human pohave confidence in the presence of sively for his generation in a poem

tential. They are pivotal principles God. Faith is, as it has been well said, published recently in the Era of Youth:

74 Improvement Era "Last night, on our perimeter, u someone has called ours the 'age of the shrug','"

A man fell in the barbed wire coils

And, in his delirium, Sobbed these words;

'Oh, dear Christ!'

strengths of good companionships, in braces, on crutches. He was a

"I thought with bim: the blood was commitment in a truly living church, medical researcher who had worked on

flowing; involvement in a community of enthe polio vaccine project. He left

Far away from homeland, injured, - lightened and mutually concerned many of those bright shining faces

Tired from the allnight guarding, persons, responsible citizenship in a wet with tears when he said to them,

Weary from the sandbag filling; great country, young people will have "Our generation couldn't find the anEmptiness walked all around him, the ideal atmosphere for growth. When swers in time to save itself. Thank

Caused by missing many loved ones, they do not have, or could have but do God we found them in time to save

Caused by worried fears of dying, not choose or appreciate these blessyou."

Worrying more about worrying them. ings, they are suitable subjects for What a significant challenge to

small vision, inadequate selfdiscipline, youth to make real the best that lies "Yet, in his one time of trial, and a deteriorated sense of responsiwithin them! Yet someone has called

Still, the mighty hope remained bility. ours the "age of the shrug."I hope and

The faith in higher strength, in mercy; The strengths and problems of our believe this is not so. Do you recall the

Then I thought, 'Just how can I, youth were illustrated in an experiwords of Marshal Petain after the fall

Even at my most contented, ence our teenage daughter had reof France? Sobering words:

Ever turn my back on Jesus?'cently. Backing from a driveway onto "Our spirit of enjoyment was

(John Blosser, Era of Youth, an unlighted street, she dented the stronger than our spirit of sacrifice.

March 1968, p. 53.) fender of an automobile parked across We wanted to have more than we

the narrow road. Flustered and upset wanted to give. We tried to spare

He who believes knows that he beby the incident, she yet took time to effort and we met disaster."

longs. But he also needs to feel himleave a note on the car identifying Contrasting this is the statement of

self an important and accepted part herself and accepting responsibility a noble man near the end of a rich of a group. Young people want and for the damage. She then came home life of contribution. Asked how he

deserve parents and a family they and acquired a parent and the two could account for his wide acquaintcan be proud of. Their capacity to returned and knocked on the door of ance with and memory of the poets,

become worthwhile persons is strongly the home of the owner of the car and the philosophers, and the prophets, he affected by the absence or presence of made arrangements with him. She smiled and said, "Well, I had to work

such a family and by their own acwas praised for her direct and unhard to learn it, and then I gave it and ceptance of the challenge to be a compromising honesty. gave it and gave it until it was mine."

contributing, responsible member of That very night while leaving the (Attributed to Dr. Howard R. Driggs.)

it. The influence of a good family is public library she and a friend saw a What of loving and being loved?

wellcaptured by this account from an furcoated lady in an expensive car Perhaps the most serious problem of unknown source: seriously damage a parked automobile many young people and of their adult

"It was a gorgeous October day. My and then speed away without a glance generation is their poor selfimage, a

husband Art and I were down at the or effort to make the thing right. conviction that they are worthless. To

boat landing helping our friend Don Feeling at home in a society including be able to truly love God and his drag his skiff up on the beach. Art this kind of experience is understandneighbor, one must esteem himself.

remarked wistfully that it would be ably difficult for some young people. Everyone needs to love and to have

a long time before next summer, when With believing and belonging, we the assurance that he is worth loving we could all start sailing again. 'You need to learn to give and to serve if and that he is loved, beyond "defolks ought to take up skiing like our we are to live up to our moral capacity. mand or reciprocity, praise or blame."

family and have fun the year round,'I have referred before to the deNo mere tolerance or indulgence can

Don said. velopment of "breeder reactors"—take the place of such love, which

"'Doesn't that get pretty expensive?'variety of machine that will produce does not come from sermons or resolu-

I asked. vast amounts of power at a low cost, tions, but only from persons who can

"Don straightened up and smiled. and in the process will actually create give it, and from God.

'It's funny,'he said. 'We live in an more nuclear fuel than it burns. A It is written: "You cannot love anold-fashioned house—legs on the tub, life patterned on the way of Christ other person—that is, behave toward

that sort of thing. For years we've would be like that, and every life him so as to foster his happiness and

been saving up to have the bathroom should be. It is our blessing to use,.growth unless you know what he

done over. But every winter we take thoughtfully and thankfully, all that needs. And you cannot know what he

the money out of the bank and go on is provided for us from the past, and to needs unless he tells you—and you

a couple of family skiing trips. Our leave behind us more and better hear him."

oldest boy is in the army now, and he materials with which the generations So much that is spurious and counoften mentions in his letters what a ahead can work. In faith, freedom, terfeit is spoken and done in the name

great time we had on those trips. You wisdom, beauty, in material blessings, of love. Hear the word of the Lord:

know, I can't imagine his writing we should add to and not consume our "By this we know that we love the

God, of children God, when we love a swell heritage. "Boy, havehome, we really

"(1 his John commandments."and keep Recently I learned of a meeting at haven'tbathroom, we?"'

In the love of such a family is the the University of Pittsburgh where 5:2.) That charity which is defined

climate most suitable for the growth 2,500 senior honor students from the by the prophet as "the pure love of of quality and character and moral high schools of Pennsylvania gathered. Christ"(Moro. 7:47) is described

capacity. If there is added to this the At the podium was a man who stood clearly by the Apostle Paul: It "sufJune 1968 75

fereth long, and is kind;... envieth children we are, in whose image we help us to help younger generations,

not;... vaunteth not itself, is not are made, whose attributes and qualito make the choices that will qualify

puffed up. ties we have within us in embryo. He us as worthwhile people, to make real

"Doth'not behave itself unseemly, it is who loved us so much that he the best that lies within us, to live seeketh not her own, is not easily sent his Only Begotten Son to show up to our moral capacity, and to acprovoked, thinketh no evil; us the way and to die for us. We are complish what is humanly possible,

.. rehis children, worthy of love, and we through believing, belonging, serving, "Rejoiceth not in '"iniquity,.

joiceth in the truth. have in us the capacity to love. We and loving, even as the Son of God

Such love, said the apostle, "never must learn to love even as we are has taught us. God help us to be

faileth."(See 1 Cor. 13:4-6, 8.) loved by him. able to answer in good conscience

The major source of our selfimage Let me conclude with this prayer when he asks: "Where art thou?"

should he our Heavenlv Father, whose and earnest hope: God help us, and In the name of lesus Christ. Amen.

America and God

Mark E. Petersen

Of the Council of the Twelve I would like to talk with you today It is true that public surveys indicate and spawn hate and war.

about the United States and its relaan increase in church membership Are we not intelligent enough to tionship to God. and attendance, but that is no measure perceive that shocking fact?

Most people do not realize it, but of the depth of conversion necessary Are we not sufficiently alert to see this nation is different from all other to bring the principles of Christ into our desperate need of an infinite power nations. It has a divine destiny not our daily lives. who can rescue us in this present hour?

shared by other countries, and was set Because of our love of wealth and Are we forever to be so obtuse that up as an independent power by a deprestige and our insatiable passion for we confine God to a remote past and liberate act of God to fulfill that ease and pleasure, we fail to take the an uncertain hereafter?

destiny. essential spiritual steps which could Can we never learn that he is a

Because our nation is a creation of and would preserve us. God of the present day-—of the here

heaven, and because it has a divine Everyone—every man on the street and now?

destiny, we Americans must learn that knows that we cannot continue with In the midst of the Civil War, Abrait can continue to exist only as it present conditions as they are, and ham Lincoln said something that aligns itself with the powers of heaven. yet we seem not to have the desire should frighten presentday Americans.

If we turn our back upon the Alor the courage to alter our course. He was very realistic when our counmighty, even by ignoring him, we jeopWhether we are willing to admit it try was being split asunder by the war

ardize our national future. If we or not, our one great need is to turn between the states. He knew very well

deliberately oppose his purposes, we to God. Our human efforts have failed that the preservation of the nation

place ourselves in danger of destruction. and seem almost to lead us into ever could be achieved in only one way. It

These stern facts have been taught more difficult entanglements. We was not through our frowning battleto Americans from the beginning of need more than human wisdom. Wc ments nor our bristling seacoasts, as

our national history, starting with our need divine help. We need to be saved he expressed it.

first President, George Washington. from war and criminal elements, from Lincoln said that if we as a people

He realized and he publicly announced anarchy and from riots. We need a do not turn to God and serve him, our

that we obtained our independence shield against the devious schemes of nation will drift into destruction. He

through an act of Providence, since we enemies abroad. We need to be saved expressed his meaning in these words:

were far too weak to gain it by from corrosion within—from the "If we do not do right, God will let

ourselves. Knowing this, he warned ravages of immorality, dishonesty, us go our own way to ruin. If we do

that if we are to survive as a free and drunkenness, broken homes, delinquent right, he will lead us safely out of independent nation, we must obey the parents, and undisciplined children. this wilderness and crown our arms

Almighty God who brought us into We need protection from atheism, for with victory."Thereupon he sumbeing. it can destroy our way of life. moned America to turn to God as the

Abraham Lincoln, another inspired Do you doubt that atheism is a only means of survival.

President, said virtually the same threat to America? J. Edgar Hoover, head of the FBI,

thing, warning that if we fail to obey Atheism is the cause of most of our stated it this way: "What we need in

the commandments of God, we shall ills. If we were realistic about our America is a return to the God of our

go down to ruin. present plight, we would admit that Fathers and a most vigorous defense

We have reached a point in our atheism in its many forms is our greatagainst the minions of Godlessness national history as crucial as the time est enemy, whether it be in abandonand atheism."

of the Civil War. Our present dangers ing God for pleasure and money, or Why do we not heed these warnings?

are quite as great. Threats to our in yielding to philosophical meanderSimilar counsel has been given by

future seem even greater. And yet, ings, or in surrendering to those forces nearly every President of the United

as a people, we have failed to turn which break down family life, destroy States in his time, and by economists, to the divine power that created us. free government, seduce the masses, educators, jurists, and statesmen.

76 Improvement Era Graduate to Electric Air Conditioning

No need to be beat with the heat this summer. Air condition elecLet us consider a few of their warntrically.ings: Enjoy You get much more than coolness

It air conditioning. electric indicated, George have WashAs we

freshspringtime your gives home this said thatington nation cannot pollen. dust, Filters out even ness. "Blossom with apart of heaven.endure from the God feel better. younger. feel You You

Woodrow Wilson said: "The sum of

the whole matter is this: Our civiliza- A central electric air conditioning

half approximately costs Time"systemtion unless survive materially cannot install. kind to the other

spiritually. be It can redeemedit besaved only by becoming permeated Coolness Buy now from your electric dealer

with the Spirit of Christ."or air conditioning contractor.

said: Coolidge Calvin "The strength

Because it's electric, it's better! isof the strength our country of its All Summer

religious convictions."UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

Franklin D. Roosevelt said: "No

greater thing could come to our land than a revival of the spirit of religion to stir the hearts of men and women of all faiths to a reassertion of their belief in God and their dedication to hislem—social,will. I doubtpolitical,if thereor iseconomicany probthat would not melt away before the

fire of such a spiritual reawakening."

President Eisenhower constantly reminded us of our spiritual obligation.

Roger W. Babson, great economist

of his day, said: "In the last analysis,

our national future depends upon whether it is spiritually or materially minded. Only the Golden Rule will

save this country—not the rule of

gold."James Rowland Angell, former president of Yale University, said: "It

is my considered conviction that there can be no enduring alleviation of the social and political ills which plague us unless and until there is an essential change in the ethical and spiritual attitude of the rank and file of men."

But as mentioned in an editorial in the U. S. News and World Report,

"With so many champions of the doctrine, why are there so few ready to practice the preachment?

"Large numbers of people faithfully follow their creeds, and yet in the grim business of everyday life, do we perceive a fundamental change? Do we

see men on every side ready to surrender their enormous power or their possessions or even their pride, to the service of God?

"A spiritual revival would waken You'll always SATISFY that CRAVING for REAL HONESTto-GOODNESS ICE

America and purify her whole national CREAM whenever you "TREAT"yourseif to life. It is not, however, to be attained

by mere expression of purpose,"the editorial continues. DISTINCTIVE"

"It requires action throughout our waking hours. Not until each andevery one of us feels the impact of OITL6KJtote Vcevucm

spiritual achievement, not until the eagerness to serve God is stronger than Famous for FANTASTIC Ice Cream Creations to serve ourselves, eagernessthe not 36 Incomparable Flavors sacrificesuntil to make we are ready of time and money and power and Remember, your visit to SALT LAKE CITY pride for the sake of others who need is not complete until you visit Snelgroves our help and our guidance will we

AMERICA'S FINEST ICE CREAM STORES 850 East 21st South 222 East South Temple

OPEN 10 A.M. to MIDNIGHT CLOSED SUNDAYS

June 1968 77 Campers Eat Better begin to understand the elemental with PERMAPAK'S MealPaks transformation which is prerequisite to the spiritual rebirth of the nation."

Delicious, complete mea Our situation in America is not waterproof bag. merely a case of fighting the encroachments of seditious influences. It is

17 appetizing meals! 5 not only a matter of legislating against

complete breakfast menus crime. Neither is it one of changing

3 lunches, 3 trail lunches our Constitution because some misand 6 dinners, each norguidedis itindividualsa case of thinksendingit ismoreobsolete;men

complete in one single to the Orient to fight an enemy who bag. No matter where has trapped us into a different kind of

the great outdoors war.

the choice with are confronted We willtakes you, a tasty, of a nation whether or not we as balanced, full meal return to God in spirit and in truth can be prepared as a means of actual survival. We

will become choose whether we in just minutes. must

not. or fully converted to him To put

Send for Free PermaPak itenceplainly,versusitlipis largelyservice. a case of obediCatalog of Camping The Almighty is a God of war as

Foods, Survival Kits and \ well as of peace. The Bible clearly

that. to he be is a power AndFood Storage Plans. \ Na<*e teaches

crisis. this in present dealt with He J can be our literal Savior here and

now. He can protect and preserve our

\ it in past; the has done He.....* ''j nation.PIEHMAPAKMODERN FOODS FOR MODERN NEEDS \ today. it again can he can do end He

1 give us the and an Vietnam war in i #40 E. 2430 S., Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 us peace. save honorable from He can

criminality and from all the other sWwUinhumanities which now impale us on a cross of suicidal selfishness.

It faces ruin that imaginary is no LDS BOOKS RECORDS AND reject nation Christ, Jesus if we CASH OVER SAVINGS ON 15% 500 SELECTIONS ouras so Lincoln pointed dramatically. out

20% savings on selected titles And it is possible that our greatness

Catalog and details on how to obtain your LDS books and records at a can be buried in profound obscurity if refuse to turn savings percent of 15 and 20 to God, as Daniel sent upon request; they will be included with we FREE you your selections order. when it. Webster expressed

Joseph Smith Little of Art Being The Things is talk civil there of Already a new Democracy's by Unknown Mirla G. Thayne Missionary A Member of riots that totally will and Prophet G. Butler war Florence (reg. $2.50) by $2.00

eclipse last those Insurrecof summer. J. by Stewart John $2.95) $2.12 The Constitution By A (reg.

is (reg. $1.25) lips tion of the $1.00 thousands on now Thread ProphecyKey to the agitators. of by Richard Vetterli concepts of basic The Take Step Future A Giant

(reg. $4.75) $4.03 free our are chalbeing government by Lund Menlove & by Duane S. Crowther

(reg. $2.95) $2.50 INTRODUCTORY (reg. $3.95) $3.16 lenged. Overnight this nation could

Missionary Pal OFFER Comprehensive History be paralyzed through the devious of the efforts Savings Church citiCash of of 25% our treacherous some by Keith Marston

Vols. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 (reg. if $2.50) zens. insurrection widespread And $2.12

B. by H. Roberts Fascinating Womanhood for comes, suppose do one you moment (reg. each $4.50) $3.60 Ideals Vacation Edition Revised New &

sit that will our enemies from without Reg. set by Ideals Publishing $27.00) Co. $21.60 by B. Helen Andelin

(reg. efforts idly $1.75) All by? ourto save our (reg. $1.40 $5.95) $4.46 Journal of Discourses

selves failed. thus far But God with index Volumes 26 of the Out West Priesthood and Church solve can our will (reg. he by $69.95) Lu Jones $59.46 problems—andhave Waite Government

if (reg. so $3.95) do turn in humility we and to him $3.35 A. by John Widtsoe Testament Album New

(reg. faith. let $3.25) us not However, suppose $2.43 records 26 For Songs Children LDS

that will feeble prayers a few be $44.95) $38.20—record Our Promised Land- (reg.

sufficient to call his aid. It will D's by The Three down of Book Mormon Bless America God

(reg. for take Stories $3.98) mono supplicaBoys halfhearted more than and Girls $3.18—record

$3.98 by Marie Music Barton by Mormon Tabernacle Choir tions to save us.

(reg. $2.25) Special $1.40 (reg. $5.78) mono Prayer is powerful indeed when acstereo

of righteousness, $4.62 companied by works

of Residents Arizona add 3 perPOSTAGE lip service. but prayer alone is but The

tax. cent sales

lip service. United States spurns Almighty per $3.00 send 10c Empty

order or portion thereof. (Ex. $1.90 LDS MAILBOX BOOKSTORE words are but symptoms of hypocrisy

order 10c; $3.25 order 20c) P. 0. Box 2454; 346 S. Hobson St. to him. He is a God of action—

All Foreign Countries send 15c per Mesa, Arizona 85201, Tel: 9647061

$3.00 order or portion thereof. Offer good anywhere in world

78 Improvement Era God of works as well as of faith. He offspring. Can people who condone Another ancient prophet spoke didemands obedience to him if we are immorality provide a chaste and sucrectly to modern America, foretelling

to receive help from him. Are we ready cessful beginning for babies born the assistance God will give us if we

to thus obey him? We cannot deal in illicitly in a new generation? serve him. Said he: "... this is a

halfway measures—not with God Can we escape the diseases so inchoice land, and whatsoever nation

and neither can we serve two masters. separably connected with immorality? shall possess it shall be free from

I ask you: Is every one of us willing Can people who knowingly undermine bondage, and from captivity, and from

to do unto others as we would be done good character expect to reap anything all other nations under heaven, if they by? Are we willing to be merciful, but the whirlwind? will but serve the God of the land,

kind, and pure in heart; to turn the For every practical reason we must who is Jesus Christ...."(Eth. 2:12.)

other cheek; to go the extra mile? Is change our course and turn away from And that prophet also said, even as

every one of us willing to be suffithe selfishness and corruption now did Lincoln, that if we in America ciently Christlike to accept his precept growing among us like a gigantic fail to serve Jesus Christ, we will face that says: "Blessed are the peacemalignancy. For every practical reacertain destruction. This is a divine

makers: for they shall be called the son we must turn to the Christ and warning, first from the prophet of

children of God"? (Matt. 5:9.) live his teachings! old and then from the inspired PresiOur great need of repentance is Said Lincoln in his first inaugural dent of Civil War days.

clearly evident. The solution to our address: "Intelligence, patriotism, Oh, America, turn to God. But do

problem is not in violence nor in new Christianity, and a reliance on him not give him mere lip service. Obey

legislation. Neither is it in training who has never yet forsaken this favored him with all your hearts, might, mind,

our police in the latest antiriot land are still competent to adjust in and strength.

methods. Our answer can be found the best way, all our difficulties."Let us save ourselves from the

only in obedience to Christ on the part In ancient times an inspired prophet present crisis in the only certain way, of everybody. who lived in this western hemisphere remembering that "man shall not live

Jesus said that an evil tree cannot said that God "doth not command us by bread alone, but by every word bring forth good fruit. A crimeridden that we shall subject ourselves to our that proceedeth out of the mouth of

society cannot bring forth a new enemies, but that we should put our God."(Matt. 4:4.) And for this I

generation of upright citizens, nor can trust in him, andv he will deliver us."earnestly pray in the sacred name of

<n nation of drinkers produce sober (Al. 61:13.) the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

We Owe Allegiance to Sovereignty

Howard W. Hunter

Of the Council of the Twelve In the world there are more than by peaceful means. Citizens do not words: "Now after that John was put

three and a half billion people. They have the right to take the law into in prison, Jesus came into Galilee,

are divided into groups, each under their own hands or exercise physical preaching the gospel of the kingdom of the domination of systems whereby force. The sovereign laws of the state God,

they become subject to the supreme must be sustained, and persons living "And saying, the time is fulfilled, power of the land in which they live. under those laws must obey them for and the kingdom of God is at hand:

In some countries this supreme power the good of the whole. In this regard repent ye, and believe the gospel."

his enthe sovereign. 1:1415.) person, is vested Throughout Christ of Jesus of Latterin one The Church (Mark e forms takes republican countries day Saints a strong ministry, position. have one ofOther the main subjects One tire

of government in which sovereignty of the fundamental tenets of its faith of the teachings of the Master was resides in the people, and the supreme is clearly stated in these words: "We "the kingdom of God is at hand."

power is usually expressed by the believe in being subject to kings, presiSome scholars interpret the words "is legislative body. Regardless of whether dents, rulers, and magistrates, in obeyat hand"as describing something to

sovereignty is administered by an ining, honoring, and sustaining the law."take place in the near future. It is

dividual or by the people, citizens (Article of Faith 12.) their contention that the kingdom was

become subject to that supreme power. Those in the world who have a benot established on earth until the day

They have the rights and privileges lief in God live under the unusual cirof Pentecost, when the Spirit was afforded them under the law, and they cumstances of a dual sovereignty. In poured out upon the multitude. They

have the duty to comply with the proaddition to being subject to the sulabel this event as the beginning of visions of the. law. This is essential preme power of the state, they have a the Christian Church. The facts, howfor the good of society, for the protecfealty to God and a solemn duty to ever, give basis for a different contion of life and liberty, and for the keep the commandments given by him. clusion. There is ample evidence that

promotion and preservation of the This idea of divine kingship and a the kingdom of God was established in happiness of man. sovereignty runs through all of the the days of Adam, the first man, and

In a republic, the government has Old Testament and all of the New has continued to the present day. The

the sovereign right as well as the duty Testament. peoples of the earth, from the beginto protect the rights of the individual In describing the commencement of ning, have had a duty to God as their

and to settle civil disputes or disorders the ministry of Jesus, Mark uses these king.

June 1968 79 Is it repugnant to the theory of young Pharisee scholars and the the limitations of dual sovereigns and sovereignty for a person or group of Herodians and they were coming to defines the jurisdiction of the two monarchs?—topersons to owe havefealty anto allegiancetwo separateto thetheir Masterdifferences.for his opinion, to settle empiresimage of ofmonarchsheaven stampedand earth.on coinsThe

two separate and distinct sovereign They approached Jesus respectfully denotes that temporal things belong powers? At first blush dual sovereignty and courteously and said to him, "Masto the temporal sovereign. The image

would seem inconsistent, yet this has ter, we know that thou art true, and of God stamped on the heart and soul been the situation throughout man's teachest the way of God in truth, of a man denotes that all its facilities earthly existence. Such circumstances neither carest thou for any man: for and powers belong to God and should

give rise to this query: If a conflict thou regardest not the person of men."be employed in his service.

should arise with respect to allegiance, (Matt. 22:16.) It would appear that The lesson taught by the Master is

which should take precedence? A rethese honeyed words were spoken to so clear that elaboration is not necesview of the history of mankind answers disarm his suspicions, so he would give sary, nor will I labor the point. The

the further question as to whether or them his confidential opinion for test to be applied in weighing allenot there is a real conflict. their guidance in a moral issue. Then giance to sovereignty, where dual

Bearing on this very point, an interfollowed the carefully worded question: sovereigns are involved, is a matter

esting occurrence took place during the "Is it lawful to give tribute unto of wisdom. I submit that there is no

ministry of the Master. It is recorded Caesar, or not?"The question was real conflict which creates a serious

in three separate books of the New maliciously framed so as to require an question as to allegiance.

Testament, Matthew, Mark, and Luke, answer of "yes"or "no,"either of In the present day of unrest, the and concerns a controversy over a tax which would give them the basis to question might appropriately be asked, assessment. Judea was under Roman destroy him. If he had said, "Yes, what do we owe to Caesar? To the

mandate, and the authority of the pay the tax,"he would have been country in which we live? We owe

Sanhedrin, the supreme Jewish council, called a traitor. It would have driven allegiance, respect, and honor. Laws

had been curtailed under the Roman a wedge between him and his followers enacted to promote the welfare of the rule. The council was charged with and created rebellion. If his answer whole and suppress evil doing are to

the levy of taxes, but it did not have had been, "No, it is not lawful to pay be strictly obeyed. We must pay

the power to decree capital punishthe tax,"they would have delivered tribute to sustain the government in ment. This power was vested in the him into the hands of Rome on the the necessary expense incurred in the

Roman procurator of Judea, Pontius charge of treason. protection of life, liberty, property, and

Pilate. Because the Sanhedrin was His adversaries intended that Jesus in promoting the welfare of all.

without authority as to capital punwould be gored on whichever horn of In the year 1835, 133 years ago, a ishment, those who were conspiring dilemma he might choose. The interdeclaration of belief of The Church

against Jesus conceived a plot to enesting thing about his answer is that of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints trap him to give an answer that would he did not evade the question, but he regarding governments and laws was constitute grounds to deliver him to answered it clearly and positively drafted and adopted by unanimous

Pilate on a charge of treason, a capital without being caught on either horn. vote. It is incorporated as Section 134

crime. He said, "Why tempt ye me, ye hypoof the Doctrine and Covenants of the

A tax had been levied on all persons crites? Shew me the tribute money. Church. Although more than a

living under Roman rule. This was And they brought unto him a penny."century has passed, no changes or

probably the Roman capitation tax, or (Matt. 22:1819.) What is referred to modifications have been made, and

a poll tax as we would know it. The as a penny was no doubt the current the statement stands as applicable totax was not large, but a question of Roman denarius with the image of day as the day it was written. If you

principle was involved. The Jews Tiberius or possibly Augustus. He will permit me to do so, I would like

considered themselves as living under wanted to point out to them the image to recall a portion of this statement.

a theocracy, with Jehovah as king. of Caesar and the inscription that "We believe that governments were

They refused to recognize the Roman gave his name and titles. There was instituted of God for the benefit of

mandate. The question involved, a common maxim that the one who man; and that he holds men accounttherefore, was this: Can a Jew in good causes his image and titles to be able for their acts in relation to them,

conscience pay the tax to the Romans, stamped on the coin is the owner of both in making laws and administering or must he fight for independence on the coin and acknowledged as the them, for the good and safety of the ground that God alone is the King sovereign. "And he saith unto them, society.

of Israel? It became a question of Whose is this image and superscrip- "Wc believe that no government can

allegiance to sovereignty. tion? They say unto him, Caesar's...."exist in peace, except such laws are

The Pharisees who conceived the (Matt. 22:2021.) They had acknowlframed and held inviolate as will seplan were anxious to take Jesus by edged that the coin belonged to the cure to each individual the free exercise

surprise, so they stayed in the backRoman Emperor, and it being the of conscience, the right and control of ground and sent some of their young current coin for the payment of tax, property, and the protection of life.

disciples and some Herodians to carry it showed the country to be under the "We believe that all governments out the plot. The Herodians were not rule of Rome. "... Then saith he necessarily require civil officers and

a religious sect but a political party. unto them, Render therefore unto magistrates to enforce the laws of the

They were the followers of Herod Caesar the things which are Caesar's; same; and that such as will administer

Antipas, the tetrarch of Galilee, and and unto God the things that are the law in equity and justice should supporters of the Roman domination. God's."(Matt. 22:21.) In other words, be sought for and upheld by the voice

The Pharisees, of course, were resist- "Don't be unjust: give to Caesar the of the people if a republic, or the will

ing the Roman occupation of Judea. things that are his; and at the same of the sovereign.

The design of these schemers seems to time don't be impious: give to God the "We believe that religion is instibe that they would give the impression things that belong to God."tuted of God; and that men are

that a dispute had arisen between the The wisdom of this answer defines amenable to him, and to him only, for

80 Improvement Era the exercise of it, unless their religious governments have a right to enact also to sustain the law of the land.

opinions prompt them to infringe such laws as in their own judgments There is no conflict between that upon the rights and liberties of others; are best calculated to secure the public which is owed to Caesar and the oblibut we do not believe that human law interest; at the same time, however, gation to God. May the God of

has a right to interfere in prescribing holding sacred the freedom of conheaven give inspiration and guidance rules of worship to bind the consciences science."(D&C 134:1-5.) to those leaders in the world who

of men, nor dictate forms for public or The statement continues, but I will formulate the policies of earthly private devotion; that the civil magisnot read further. These words point sovereignty, and also to those of us

trate should restrain crime, but never up the solemn obligation of governwho are governed by those powers. May

control conscience; should punish guilt, ment and the solemn obligation of righteousness be placed in proper

but never suppress the freedom of the those who owe allegiance. This is a perspective for the good of every man.

soul. day when civil disobedience seems to The statement of the Master should

"We believe that all men are bound be prevalent and even advocated from be our guide: "But seek ye first the

to sustain and uphold the respective some pulpits, but the position of this kingdom of God, and his righteousness;

governments in which they reside, Church and its teachings is clear. and all these things shall be added

while protected in their inherent and I know that God lives, that he is the unto you."(Matt. 6:33.) The honest

inalienable rights by the laws of such supreme power of heaven and earth. I search for righteousness and submisgovernments; and that sedition and bear witness of the. divinity of Jesus sion to the sovereignty of God

rebellion are unbecoming every citiChrist, the Savior of all mankind. My answers the problems of Caesar. May

zen thus protected, and should be knowledge of these truths moves me the Lord bless us is my humble prayer, punished accordingly; and that all to allegiance to divine sovereignty. in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. C

Saturday Afternoon Session, April fi, 1968

Render Unto God That Which Is God's

Spencer W. Kimball

Of the Council of the Twelve

President McKay, my brothers and see the lake shimmering in the sunset?"And then I asked, "What was tlic

sisters, and friends: I would like to It too was visible. price? With what treasures did you

congratulate Brother Dyer, Brother "Now, the bluff that's on the south."buy this farm?"

Hanks, Brother Rector, and Brother We turned about to scan the distance. "Money!"

Dunn on their new appointments, and He identified barns, silos, the ranch "Where did you get the money?"

pray the Lord to bless them in their house to the west. With a wide sweep- "My toil, my sweat, my labor, and

new responsibilities. ing gesture, he boasted, "From the rny strength."

The Pharisees, ever trying to enclump of trees, to the lake, to the And then I asked, "Where did you tangle and trick the Savior, again set bluff, and to the ranch buildings and get your strength to toil, your power their traps: this all between—all

". specks in the.. Is it lawful to give tribute dark is meadow—thosemine. And the to Helabor,spokeyourof glandsfood. to sweat?"

unto Caesar?... cattle also are mine.""Where did the food originate?"

"But Jesus perceived their wickedAnd then I asked from whom he ob- "From sun and atmosphere and soil ness,... tained it. The chain of title of his and water."

"... Then saith he unto them, abstract went back to land grants from "And who brought those elements

Render therefore unto Caesar the things governments. His attorney had ashere?"

which are Caesar's; and unto God the sured him he had an unencumbered I quoted the psalmist: "Thou, O God,

things that are God's."(Matt. 22:17title. didst send a plentiful rain, whereby

18, 21.) "From whom did the government get thou didst confirm thine inheritance,

One day, a friend took me to his it?"I asked. "What was paid for it?"when it was weary."(Ps. 68:9.)

ranch. He unlocked the door of a There came into my mind the bold "If the land is not yours, then what

large new automobile, slid under the statement of Paul: "For the earth is accounting do you make to your

wheel, and said proudly, "How do you the Lord's, and the fulness thereof."landlord for his bounties? The scriplike my new car?"We rode in lux- (1 Cor. 10:26.) ture says: 'Render unto Caesar that

urious comfort into the rural areas to And then the psalmist who declared: which is Caesar's and to God that

a beautiful new landscaped home, and "The words of the Lord are pure which is God's.'What percentage of

he said with no little pride, "This is words: as silver tried in a furnace of your increase do you pay Caesar? And

my home."earth, purified seven times."(Ps. 12:6.) what percent to God?

He drove to a grassy knoll. The sun And then I asked, "Did title come "Do you believe the Bible? Do you

was retiring behind the distant hills. from God, Creator of the earth and accept the command of the Lord

He surveyed his vast domain. Pointing the owner thereof? Did he get paid? through the prophet Malachi? It

it asked,to he north, the sold or leased to or "Do you given see Was you? reads:1

trees of If gift, Ifthat sale, yonder?"I could from clump with whom? what Will a man rob God? Yet ye

plainly discern them in the fading day. exchange or currency? If lease, do have robbed me. But ye say, Wherein

He pointed to the east. "Do you you make proper accounting?"have we robbed thee? In tithes and

June 1968 81 offerings.... Yesterday I saw that same estate, "... the earth is full of the good-

"'Bring ye all the tithes into the yellow in grain, green in lucerne, ness of the Lord."(Ps. 33:5.)

storehouse,... and prove me now white in cotton, seemingly unmindful A month later, a car accident took

herewith, saith the Lord of hosts, if I of him who had claimed it. Oh, puny the life of this horticulturist. He had

will not open you the windows of man, see the busy ant moving the not paid his keep, nor did he take his heaven, and pour you out a blessing, sands of the sea. orchard with him. Each spring its

that there shall not be room enough trees still bloom; each fall the luscious

to receive it.'(Mai. 3:8, 10.) I stopped on the highway to buy fruit is picked.

"And in the latter days, the Lord some fruit. The little vending shop * * *

said again: was in the edge of the orchard. And I saw a lovely house upon a beach.

''And if ye seek the riches which it I asked the seller, "Are these trees The occupant boastfully pointed to it.

is the will of the Father to give unto yours?""This is my house with its impregyou, ye shall be the richest of all He said, "From the highway to the nable foundation, its solid walls, its

people, for ye shall have the riches of hill—all these are mine, and all the luxurious appointments, its surpassing

eternity; and it must needs be that fruit we pick and sell. All this is view."

the riches of the earth are mine to mine."One day a warning came. A tidal

give....'(D&C 38:39.) And I asked, "Do you have no partwave rushed in to shore. All occupants

"And Moses confirmed to Pharaoh ner who contributes capital?"were saved, but as the great sea hurried

regarding the plagues: '... that thou "I earned the funds witb which to to its place, only a concrete floor

mayest know now that the earth is buy. It is mine.". marked the place where his prized

the Lord's."'(Exod. 9:29.) I said: "You bought the land? You possession had stood. The stones were

I said again: "I seem to find no bought the seedlings? But who put out at sea; the lumber ground to

place in holy writ where God has said, chemicals into the soil to make them toothpicks, floating in the water. And

'I give you title to this land uncondigrow? Who sent the living sap I remembered again what the psalmist

tionally. It is not yours to give, to a-climbing all the limbs? Who made said:

have, to hold, to sell, despoil, exploit them bloom and scent the air with "The earth is the Lord's, and the as you see fit.'sweet perfume? Did you make rain? fulness thereof; the world, and thev

"I cannot find such scripture, but I Can you command the sun? Do you that dwell therein."(Ps. 24:1.)

do find this from Psalms: '... those put intelligence in trees to produce * * *

that wait upon the Lord,... shall buds and blossoms, fruit in ripeness, Another day I accompanied a friend

inherit the earth.'(Ps. 37:9.) taste and food value? He who made to his bank. He checked the contents

"And I remember that our Creator the land, the trees, the elements has of his safety deposit box, and lifting covenanted in the council in heaven landlien on it all. Have you settled out a handful of papers, he proudly

with us all: '[And] We will go down, your lease payment? said to me, "All these are mine. These

for there is space there, and we will "I know you pay to Caesar his full stocks and bonds are mine."It was

take of these materials, and we will portion, never failing. But do you evident that his holdings represented

make an earth whereon these may calculate and pay the part to God? wealth. There was possessive pride in

dwell'(Abr. 3:24.) "Are these trees yours and yours his voice.

"It seems more of a lease on which alone? There is no partner's claim And I pondered: "How you have

a rental is exacted than of a fee simupon the fruit?"He winced. prospered! How did you do so well?

ple title. "Have you integrity? Would you Where did you get your talents, your

"Modern scripture says that if you rob God, your partner? Remembering abilities? Did you make sight and

live the commandments, 'the fulness of that the earth is the Lord's and the voice and memory and ability to the earth is yours, the beasts of... fullness thereof?"think?"He hesitated to make

... When God had created man and answer. field; and the fowls of the air,

'Yea, all things which come of the woman he placed them upon the earth I asked him: "Do you pay tithes?

earth,... are made for the benefit to "dress it and to keep it and subdue I'm sure you pay your taxes. Do you

and the use of man....'(D&C 59:16, it."(See Gen. 2:15.) It seems this render unto God that which already

18.) landlordtenant relationship is fair was his own? I'm sure that Caesar

"This promise does not seem to the Lord, the owner, furnishes the never fails to get his portion. What of

convey the earth but only the use and land, the air, the water, the sunshine, God? You accepted your earthly opcontents which are given to men on and all the elements to make it fruitportunities on condition. You rented

condition that they live all of the ful. The tenant gives his labor. his land, his equipment, used his elecommandments of God."The Lord promised after the deluge: ments, you know.

But my friend continued to mumble, "While the earth remaineth, seedtime "Does puny man possess, appro- "Mine—mine,"as if to convince himand harvest, and cold and heat, and priate, bequeath, and give as though

self against the surer knowledge that summer and winter, and day and night he made the earth and heaven? And

he was at best a recreant renter. shall not cease."(Gen. 8:22.) this without report or settling acThat was long years ago. I saw him And the psalmist sang again: "Thou counts?"

lying in his death among luxurious visitest the earth, and waterest it; I met a man upon the campus of a

furnishings in a palatial home. His thou greatly enrichest it with the great university, welltrained and

had been a vast estate. And I folded river of God,... brilliant, holding high degrees. We

his arms upon his breast, and drew "Thou waterest the ridges thereof talked of income. Though very large,

down the little curtains over his eyes. abundantly: thou settlest the furrows he felt his all too small to meet his

I spoke at his funeral, and I followed thereof: thou makest it soft with needs. I asked of him: "Do you pay

the cortege from the good piece of showers.... tithes?"

earth he had claimed to his grave, a "The pastures are clothed with He looked at me with questions in tiny, oblong area the length of a tall flocks:... they shout for joy, they his eyes. Why should he pay? He

man, the width of a heavy one. also sing."(Ps. 65:9-10, 13.) earned it—every cent. I told him of

82 Improvement Era the psalmist's theme: a 'We cannot afford to tithe,''he said.'"

"The earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof; the world, and they

that dwell therein."

And he countered, "I claim no earth mand them."(Abr. 3:2425.) would not make good his promises.

—I reside in an apartment. I use no "And did you say you made no "Your very debts, your many

elements—I train the minds of men. such rash promise? The answer is: Your troubles show incompetence to handle

I owe no dehts to anyone. I earn my very presence on the earth is evidence your affairs. You've partly failed in

income."you accepted this challenge in the your rich stewardship. Can you conAnd then I asked, "By what great preexistent assembly."trol your business better than the Lord?

power do you earn?"I outlived this man too. It was a Would you do well to use this manager

"My hrains,"he said. sad affair when his time came. The in whom you have no trust? We know

And then I asked: "Where did your strong was weak, the powerful inhe will not fail."

hrains find birth? Did you create animate. His brains still encased in Tithing is not for God. It is we

them? Build them in a factory, buy his bone cranium would work no who clip the coupons and collect the

them in a store? Did you add element more. He breathed no air, he taught dividends.

to element, fashioning them so intrino youth, commanded no more hearers, * * * cately and giving them such power? no more salary, occupied no apartment, The salaried man complained: "My

Where did you get your strength, your but did occupy a little plot of earth neighbor has a farm. His family lives

vision, power, and health? Where on a grassy hillside. But now, I hope upon it. We buy our living from a

did you get your breath, your conhe knows: "... the earth's the Lord's, store with cash. They kill a beef, a

tinuity? Do you make brains, build and all that therein is...."pork, and feed themselves from their

bodies, create souls?"He owed not any man. He earned deep freeze. Their garden loads the

Again, I asked, "Do you pay tithes? it all, he said. table with vegetables; the field feeds

You do account to Csesar. Do you pay * * * the cows that furnish milk products;

the Lord for all his bounteous gifts?"I asked another man if he paid tithes. their farm grows wheat for the poultry

This man was arrogant and proud. He blushed his answer. "We cannot for the table; and the hens furnish

He lived no laws, worshiped no God, afford to tithe."meat and eggs. Do you pay tithes on

was selfish and selfcentered. He "What? Cannot afford integrity? your farm land production?"

needed the admonition given the reCannot afford to return to the Great The answer is: "Of course, you pay

bellious Israelites: Provider's program that which was alif you are true to your commitments.

"Beware that thou forget not the ready his?"No honest man would rob his Lord

Lord thy God... his commandments He said, "My schooling was expenof tithes and offerings."

... and his statutes.... sive. Our little ones have cost us We ask again: "Do you feel gener-

"And when thy herds... thy flocks much, and there is still another one ous when you pay your tithes? Boast-

... thy silver and thy gold... and to come. The doctor and the hospital ful when the amount is large? Has

all... thou hast is multiplied; will take their toll. Our car was the child been generous to his parents

"Then thine heart be lifted up, and wrecked and cost us that much more. when he washes the car, makes his

thou forget the Lord thy God,... Vacation, illness, living costs go up bed? Are you liberal when you pay

"Who led thee through... drought, and leave us none to give the Church!"your rent, or pay off notes at banks?

where there was no water; who "Do you believe in God?"You are not generous, liberal, but

brought thee forth water out of the "Of course,"he said. merely honest when you pay your

rock of flint;... "You do?"I asked. "Would God tithes."

"And thou say in thine heart, My make promises he would not fulfill? "I have made the earth, and created

power and the might of mine hand You have no confidence in God, else man upon it,"says the Lord. "I, even

hath gotten me this wealth. why do you doubt his glorious prommy hands, have stretched out the

"But thou shalt remember the Lord ises? Your faith is in yourself. God heavens, and all their host have I

thy God: for it is he that giveth thee promised he would open heaven's commanded."(Isa. 45:12.)

power to get wealth...."(Deut. 8:11, windows and pour you out rich gifts Perhaps your attitudes are the

1315, 1718.) beyond your comprehension, promised product of your misconceptions.

funds—appropriatingFor long years he hadthebeententhmisusingwhich thoseon yourblessings?faithfulness.For Dothatyouonenottenth,need friend?Woulda tireyou fromsteal youra dollarneighbor'sfrom yourcar?belonged to bis Creator. What right he'll compensate with blessings—little Would you borrow a widow's insurance

had he to use without permission the dreamedof blessings. He said: money with no intent to pay? Do you

Lord's lease funds? and without ac- "'... Eye hath not seen, nor ear rob banks? You are shocked at such

counting and without the commenheard, neither have entered into the suggestions. Then, would you rob

surate worthiness and faithfulness on heart of man, the things which God your God, your Lord, who has made which his ninetenths was promised? hath prepared for them that love such generous arrangements with you?

He had forgotten Malachi's question: him.'(1 Cor. 2:9.) Do you have a right to appropriate

the rob again: funds"Will of your employer God? with a man which

''... forgotten3:8.) the debts, to your to pay had a car,.. covenant."(Mai. "And seek ye first the kingdom of He to buy

we all had made in the council in God, and his righteousness; and all clothe your family, to feed your chilheaven, when our Lord proffered: these things shall be added unto you.'dren, to build your home?

"... We will go down... and we (Matt. 6:33.) Would you take from your neighwill make an earth whereon these may "You don't believe that God will bor's funds to send your children to

dwell; measure up? No, you do not trust your college, or on a mission? Would you

"And we will prove them herewith, Lord. You keep all funds you have help relatives or friends with funds

to see if they will do all things whatcollected and use them according to not your own? Some people get

soever the Lord their God shall comyour own judgment. You fear he their standards mixed, their ideals

June 1968 83 out of line. Would you take tithes to words of the Master: "Render unto law of God.

pay your building fund, or ward Caesar that which is Caesar's."And he There echo again and again the

maintenance? Would you supply gifts has said, "Today is a day for the words of the Master, "Render thereto the poor with someone else's money? tithing of my people."(See D&C fore unto Caesar the things which are

The Lord's money? 64:23.) Caesar's and unto God the things that

The Lord continues to ask: "Will a Does not the law of tithing apply to are God's."

man rob God? Yet ve have robbed all the children of men, regardless of The Lord will bless all those who

me. church or creed? All who believe the love and live his laws. This I know,

There echo again and again the Bible really must believe that this is a in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

The Bishop

Victor L. Brown

Of the Presiding Bishopric

In the center section of this historic selfrespect and dignity. He has cerOne of the worrisome problems

Tabernacle sits a group of men from tain principles upon which he adminsome bishops have is collecting funds many parts of the world. Each one isters the program. for the ward budget. These are the

has responsibilities that set him apart The first principle is that we as funds that are needed to operate the from others not of his group. Almost members of the Church are expected ward organizations and to share in the

every weekend it is our opportunity to to be selfreliant and independent. We costs of maintaining the chapel. We,

meet the bishops of the Church in are taught to have a year's supply in as members of the ward, can offer their own stakes. Today we are privireserve in case of serious difficulty. great assistance to the bishop if we

leged to meet them in general conShould circumstances, such as a serious will be responsive to his requests for ference. We have the greatest of accident or illness, result in our needfinancial assistance. The Lord said

love and respect for them and are ing help, we should look to our famihe would open the windows of heaven grateful for the great work they are lies. If they cannot help, only then and pour out blessings that there

doing. do we look to the bishop. would hardly be room enough to reBefore I became a bishop, I knew After a very careful, personal investiceive, if we would pay our tithes and

little about the responsibilities of the gation, the bishop decides whether the offerings.

office. I have thought perhaps that Church should render assistance. If The bishop realizes that all funds

other members of the Church may be he decides it should, the assistance collected by him are sacred, and that as uninformed as I was. The bishop will be limited to the necessities of they come as a freewill offering.

is, or should be, one of the most imlife, and only as long as it takes to get Through our willingness to sustain portant persons in the life of every the family back on its feet. The bishop him in financial matters, we help

member of the Church. If he is imis not expected to bail us out of finanlighten his load.

portant to us, then we must be imporcial difficulty caused by poor manSo far we have discussed only temtant to him. I pray that I may be able agement of our affairs. poral matters. Now let us review some

to say something that will draw the If he gives assistance, he will expect of his spiritual responsibilities.

bishops closer to their members, but us to work for it if we are physically The bishop, by revelation from the even more so, the members closer to able. His motive here is to help us Lord, is the president of the priests

their bishops. maintain our selfrespect by not acceptquorum. He and his counselors conTo understand the bishop, we must ing a dole. Frankly, many times it stitute the presidency of the Aaronic

know something of his responsibilities. would be much easier for him to give Priesthood in his ward. He is the

They are many. Time is limited, so a dole. But he recognizes the dole as cornerstone in all matters pertaining

we will discuss only a few. First, we an evil, and it is his desire to bless us to the youth, both boys and girls. He

willsponsibilities—carereview two of ofhisthetemporalneedy andrewithTherethe areprogram,many nototherweakenfacets us.of the receivesteachers,helpgeneralfrom hissecretaries,counselors,advisers,home

finances. program, such as fast offering, welauxiliary officers and teachers; but he

Frequently we hear the statement, fare projects, budgets, and bishops is still the keystone in all that is in connection with the Welfare Prostorehouses. As members of the Church done.

gram, that the Church takes care of we are expected to respond to the call To the young people may I say:

its own. The bishop plays the key of the bishop and his welfare committhe bishop has been called through

role in administering the Welfare tee in each phase of the program. In the inspiration of our Heavenly Father

Program. He, and he alone, detersome areas of the world the Welfare to be your spiritual counselor. He is

mines who will receive assistance, in Program is conducted on a limited designated as a common judge by the what form it will be, and, with the basis. In these cases, we are still Lord. He has a special blessing, givhelp of the Relief Society president, expected to support the bishop within ing him the power of discernment and

how much. the established policies. understanding. He is the one to

The bishop approaches this assignNow as to finances: The bishop whom we should go to confess our

ment in a spirit of love, kindness, and must look to the members of his ward sins. This must be done if we are to

understanding. One of his prime goals for the financial support necessary to fully repent. The bishop recognizes

is to help the people maintain their carry on the affairs of the ward. that it is through the blessings of the

84 Improvement Era Lord that he is a judge, and unless he is a righteous judge, he is liable to condemnation, for in the scriptures we read: "That the rights of the

priesthood are inseparably connected with the powers of heaven, and that the powers of heaven cannot be controlled nor handled only upon the principles of righteousness.

"That they may be conferred uponus, it is true; but when we undertake choose GA

to cover our sins, or to gratify our pride, our vain ambition, or to exercise control or dominion or compulsion upon the souls of the children of men, in any degree of unrighteousness, behold, the heavens withdraw themselves; Spirit the of the is grieved; Lord absorptiontype air conditioning system has no major moving A gas

it to is withdrawn,and when Amen

It the parts. continues operating efficiency long quietly and at peakpriesthood or the authority of that

man."(D&C 121:3637.) after other systems have had to be repaired or replaced. And it

The bishop is unalterably opposed cools your whole home.

to sin in time, any guise; at the same

forFor total performance and real economics, call your gas air great has understandinghe and giveness for the sinner. He recognizes conditioning contractor or us for a free estimate.

many problems of life and is anxious to lend a helping hand, particularly when the going is difficult. He canhelp you in many ways if you will MOUNTAIN FUEL

just let him. Anything you disclose to SUPPLY COMPANY

your bishop is expected to be kept as trust. sacreda I encourage you May to For total comfort and convenience - it's natural GAS!

let his bless bishop your you with wisdom. Get close to him. He will

never be too busy to help you.

There is another basic spiritual responsibility that may be interpretedas encompassing all others. The bishop Take a '%

is the spiritual father of the ward, the presiding high priest. This responsibility spreads his umbrella wide Good Look/"

enough to cover us all.

He has a host of helpers to assist him in this. They are the home

teachers. This is a responsibility of

the priesthood holder, which, if carried out devotedly, will lift a great load from the bishop's shoulders. The

home teacher is in reality an assistant to the bishop. He is the major contact with the family. One bishop

made the comment that one of the highest compliments he had been paid was to have a family call their home teacher first in the case of sickness.

President McKay has said that if the home teachers do their duty, in the case of a death in the family the home teachers would be called first, not the

I encourage bishop. each home May

his responsibility sense teacher to and It's Your carry out his duty as an assistant to the bishop.

As the father of the ward, the bishophas many other helpers. Each officer World,You Know

and teacher of the ward assists him. Look at it through the eyes of the world's greatest reporters

We, as ward members, have a responsibility to respond to calls from the and the finest, largest news services. Tomorrow's conversabishop. He should be able to depend tion is in today's Deseret News.

DESERET NEWS June 1968 85 on us to carry out our assignments. being—a special human being because dren have also agreed to share in his

He needs the help of all of us. With of a special calling with a special responsibility with him, by not comthat help, not only does the work of blessing. Here is what the Lord said plaining when he is away from home

the Lord progress, but we individually he must be: "A bishop then must be so much of the time, by being cheerare also blessed with a kind of happiblameless, the husband of one wife, ful when the telephone always rings

ness that comes from no other source, vigilant, sober, of good behaviour, at dinner time or three o'clock in the because we show evidence of our love given to hospitality, apt to teach; morning, and by being willing to

lor our Heavenly Father; for the scrip- "Not given to wine, no striker, not carry some of the responsibility that

tures say, "... when ye are in the greedy of filthy lucre; but patient, not normally belongs to the husband and

service of your fellow beings ye are a brawler, not covetous; father.

only in the service of your God.""One that ruleth well his own house, May the Lord's choicest blessings be

(Mosiah 2:17.) having his children in subjection with showered upon the heads of these wonWho is this bishop we have been all gravity; derful, devoted bishops, their wives,

talking about? He may be the neigh- "(For if a man know not how to and their children; and may we, the

bor next door; he may be the son of rule his own house, how shall he members of their wards, respond to

your close friends; he may be that take care of the church of God?) their leadership, even when some of

noisy boy you had in your Sunday "Not a novice, lest being lifted up them seem so young, and though some

School class just a few years ago with pride he fall into the condemwe would not have chosen ourselves.

you remember, the one you were ready nation of the devil."(1 Tim. 3:2-6.) The Lord will bless us for sustaining

to send out, never to come back. This man, your bishop, did not ask the servants he has called to preside

He almost always is a husband, for this position; he did not even volover us. I bear you my witness that this

generally a father, always a breadunteer. He most likely accepted the is the Church of Jesus Christ, that the

winner, lie is faced with all of the calling with fear and trembling, yet bishops of this Church have been problems you and I have. He has his with the faith and desire to perfect called by our Heavenly Father through

human frailties and weaknesses, his himself so as to measure up to that the inspiration extended to those who likes and dislikes, maybe even some which the Lord expects of him. preside over us, in the name of Jesus

idiosyncrasies. Yes. he is a human His loyal, loving wife and his chilChrist. Amen. O

The Seventies as Missionaries

S. Dilworth Young

Of the First Council of the Seventy

(Even though time is short, I cannot to all and exaltation to those whose actions of those who do not act as forbear a brief word concerning Anwill it is to completely obey him. Saints should; and some are in igtoine R. Ivins, our deceased senior Each quorum should be alert to its norance of us as a united people and

president. I cannot forget his gentle opportunities. All about us are those of the teachings that lift us to greater

manners, his courteous and kindly way who, while living among us, know hope and higher ideals.

of directing us, or his constant advery little about us. They see us You seventies, all of you, are now

herence to the law of leadership just leave for work and come home. They invited to make friends with at least

mentioned by Brother Brown consee our lights go out as we retire to rest, two families this year—now! Let them

cerning persuasion, longsuffering, but they do not comprehend our deep see you at home, at prayer, at work.

gentleness, meekness, love unfeigned abiding joy in the restoration, as the Let them catch the gentleness of the by kindness, and pure knowledge. His spirit whispers to us peace. We have spirit of Christ the Lord within you.

was an older generation than mine, an obligation to live in such a manner Bring them—the whole family—to

and he should have been marked by that they will see. And we have a your homes. Let them break bread

the conservatism that comes with age. further obligation to open our doors, with you. Bring them into the social

Yet he was constantly eager to meet the our windows, and our hearts to them activity of the ward. Let them see the

present day with new approaches. He so that if they are at all willing, they portrayal of our beliefs at the visitors

urged those of us who were younger to cannot fail to sec and, in addition, to centers. Even as the home teacher7 think new thoughts and to try newhear and accept. fellowships the newly baptized memmethods. We have missed him. There will be many seventies who bers, in like manner you should bring

Many testimonies have been borne will obey the formal call to preach the those who are not of us under the of Jesus Christ, the Son of God. I gospel, which comes by prophecy and wings of love to your bosoms.

direct my remarks to those—the sevenby the laying on of hands by those in But let it be done in an orderly

ties—who are expected to gain and authority. And they will go forth as manner. The seventies group leader

bear a special witness of him. missionaries filled with the spirit of in the ward will assist, suggesting

These are stirring times for the their calling. There will be many available families. Once you have

seventies of the Church. In every others who will be appointed to go agreed to reach out to them, these will

stake they are expected by virtue of forth and make friends of those who be your families. No one else will go

their ordinations to seek out the honlive near them but who do not know to them while you are assigned to est in heart, to teach the glad tidings, us. Some of these neighbors have been work with them. If you do not go

to declare the restoration of the power prejudiced by false stories; some have to them, they will not hear. You

of God in the earth to bring salvation observed with negative feelings the will decide when they are ready to be

86 Improvement Era taught the doctrines of salvation. Paul

said: "For whosoever shall call upon

the name of the Lord shall be saved.

"How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed? and

how shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard? and how

a preacher?shall without hear they except BYU shall preach, they "And how inspirational..."10:1315.) sent?they (Rom. be

We hope the seventies will make itpossible for them to hear. LDS FILMS

the below coupon attention to the also called Paul catalog! of epep Sendfor your FREEthe the great that had work Hebrews

been accomplished by fajth by those who had lived in former times. After EDUCATIONAL MEDIA SERVICES

reviewing these great acts of faith, Herald R. Clark Building

beginning with righteous Abel and Brigham Young University P3FW Provo, Utah 84601 history,extending throughout Hebrew HILL CUMORAH seeing "Wherefore wehe then said:

also are compassed about with so PAGEANT TOUR New Area Addresses great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay BYU CHICAGO AREA FILM CENTER aside every weight, and the sin which Association Films, Inc.

doth so easily beset us, and let us run 561 Hillgrove Ave., La Grange, III. 60525

with patience the race that is set beBYU EASTERN AREA FILM CENTER fore us."(Heb. 12:1.) Association Films, Inc.

Should we as seventies do less? Do 600 Grand Ave., Ridgefield, N. J. 07657

we not have a greater cloud of witBYU BAY AREA FILM CENTER nesses than did Paul? We have his Association Films, Inc.

witnesses, and in addition we also 25358 Cypress Ave., Hayward, Calif. 94544

have the witnesses of modern times. Your personal invitation to travel with

of witness Smith, the Ivan J. Joseph have and McKinlay Lynn AWe Barrett to DESERET BOOK COMPANY

in history. Church locations the historic talked with and saw Godwho Film Department

his exalted Son. haveFather and East We 44 South Temple an Hill enjoy and the Cumorah Tour

1 1 of City, Salt of Lake Young, Utahthe witness 841 John Brigham pageant, at seat famous world the upfront of of Woodruff, andTaylor, Wilford the sacred visit home, the Joseph Smith Film Center Southwestern Film Center Angeles Los BYU BYU of the the Prophets ofthe remainder Stereo Car Arizona c/o Library c/o Hoist Film Smith & Nauvoo, Palmyra, Harris farm. Martin grove,

Drive North Club Country Street 660 2221 Olive South President O. David untoLord McKay jail, Far Adamondi-ahman, West Carthage Arizona 85201 California Mesa, Angeles, Los 90007

in our day. We have the witness of temple site, Liberty jail and many more.

Center Film Centre Film Ricks Canadian BYU BYU apostles, have 80 thanthe who more

Street 19th Street South North 506 Holmes exciting longs these see to Everyone of since the day Falls. works mighty Alberta,done 83401 Lethbridge, Idaho and 160Idaho Canada

inspirational to important landmarks witness the Smith. haveJoseph We Saints the over. world Latter Day..make

of those who faced the hostile hosts in this your year to go...it costs so little.

of those,Missouri MEDIA SERVICES EDUCATIONAL and and Illinois;

Herald into with faith Provo, Utah 84601 these Time is short call or write at once for BrighamR.YoungClark BuildingUniversity,too, who walked

mountain valleys, offering up their complete details: Please send your FREE brochure listing all LDS Church produced Films,

daily prayers for help and strength of Travel Study NAME of Department the witness succor.and We have 202 Phone (801) 374121 Room HRCB

ADDRESS.. strong, and of its grownthe Church University Brigham Young

hundreds of thousands of happy Provo, Utah 84601 CITYSTATE ZIP members.

But most of all we have the witness which enters into the heart of each of us, the living testimony given by of Ghost. Letthe power the Holy us AN INVITATION TO JOIN A UNIQUE BOOK CLUB—fail to bear that witness. And,not

too, let us not fail to make it possible for the witness to be borne through friendship. of lovethe warming EooLOut "SU ofOL Eed been have There we times when U

if thatthought approached IS FREE! we a man MEMBERSHIP

and he, hostile because of stories he NO SET BUYING REQUIREMENTS had heard about us, or suspicious beRECEIVE REGULAR OFFERS OF THE "BEST"BOOKS,cause we were strangers, rebuffed us, CLASSICS, SCIENTIFIC—L.D.S.—MANY OTHERSthen we had done our duty by shaking 10% -15% SAVINGS ON ALL PURCHASES—UP TO

off the dust of our feet against him. 50% ON SALES.

that duty until not done haveWe we - WRITE TODAY - to learn a fair chance givenhave him that his prejudices are unfounded. To W. D. BATCHELOR and ASSOCIATES

61 BEACON AVENUE LAYTON, UTAH 84041

June 1968 87 find families and show them by our I bear my witness that the gospel Prophet. The Lord Jesus Christ lives

love that we are truly followers of is once again on the earth brought by and is the author of our salvation and

Jesus Christ is our manifest duty. Let angels, as John on Patmos declared our exaltation. We need but to beus not shirk or falter, but let us carry it would be; that Joseph Smith was its lieve and follow his teachings to gain

the message to these worthy and good first restoring Prophet; and that Presi- a place in his kingdom. May we do

people in our midst. dent McKay is its present living so I pray in his name. Amen. O

Keep Close in Counsel

Richard L. Evans

Of the Council of the Twelve V MayjI first cite some lines written counsel of others and a prayerful apnot merely for form.

for a recent purpose: proach to all problems. "Counsel You may remember President McYoung people sometimes seem to dewith the Lord in all thy doings,"said Kay's counsel at the October confercide to go it alone in life. They learn Alma, "and he will direct thee for ence:

a little and feel they have learned good...."(Al. 37:37.) "Let us, too, recognize the local

much more, and often fail to seek There is safety in counsel, no safety authority,"he said. "The bishop may

counsel because they think they alwithout it. "They that will not be be a humble man. Some of you may

ready know the answer—or at least counselled, cannot be helped."("The think you are superior to him, and

the one they want. But none of us Spoken Word,"February 25, 1968.) you may be, but he is given authority

at any age—is ever so old or so young, Now to turn to some other facets of direct from our Father in heaven.

so knowledgeable or so selfassured, the subject: Recognize it. Seek his advice and the

that he doesn't need counsel. All of us have decisions to make. advice of your stake president. If they

When a person of much experience All of us need help. All of us would cannot answer your difficulties or your

and much responsibility fails to seek be in trouble if we didn't counsel problems, they will write to the Genor accept counsel, he has arrived at a with others. We need the judgment eral Authorities and get the advice

precarious place. When a person of inand experience of others. We need to needed. Recognition of authority is

experience feels he doesn't need to lisconsult competent counsel when we an important principle."(The Imten, doesn't need to learn, he too has have an illness. We need counsel provement Era, Vol. 70 [December

arrived at a precarious place. when we have a problem—and, some1967], p. 34.)

"They that will not be counselled,"times more important, before we have We ought to seek counsel also from said Benjamin Franklin, "cannot be a bigger problem. the prophets of the past, and the

helped. If you do not hear reason, We cannot emphasize too much the counsel God has given, by searching

she will rap you on the knuckles."importance of sincerely seeking counthe scriptures, thoughtfully, prayerNo one is knowledgeable enough or sel, and not trying to go it alone in fully. Often the answers we are seekhas perspective enough to think of life. ing are already there.

everything at once, to see all possible The First Presidency sit in counsel. We ought also to counsel with conmeanings in a clause or contract or We have a Council of the Twelve, the science, and listen to the promptings

commitment, or to be aware of all the Council of the Seventy. We counsel of the Spirit. Our Father has not left

hazards, or to see all sides of a subject. with each other-—continually—long us alone, and when we go against the

No one should write a letter of hours each week. We try earnestly, counsel of the still, small voice of

serious commitment, put anything into prayerfully, searchingly to consider all conscience, we have reason to regret.

sequence—inprint, or makemattersa decisionof marriage,of conthesidesproblemsof the thatpolicies,come thebeforeprocedures,us. We readAn hasinterestinglodged in mysentencemind: "What'srecently

money, career—or be enticed to sign counsel with the President, whom we the use of running when you're on

or say yes to any plausible proposition, sustain in the weighty obligations and the wrong road?"We had better do

or make any quick or substantial comdecisions that come with his calling. our best to be sure we are on the

mitment of any kind without conAll, or any one of us, would be in right road before we run in any sidering, reconsidering, and seeking difficulty, and so would the work be, direction.

adequate counsel. if we were to venture out as indiThe accumulated experience of the

Successful people need counsel. Unviduals with new programs, new ages is a source of counsel and a very

successful people need counsel. policies, in supposed selfsufficiency. precious part of the heritage we have.

The hasty impulse, the knowit-all Virtually all presiding positions in We can't go back and begin at the asking—theseattitude, the prideare dangerousthat keepsapproachesus from theall theChurchquorumscall forand counselors.organizationsThisof beginning.others have goneTrialthrough,and history,error, whathave

to any problem. From the youngest is not by chance, and it is significant told us much. We know what hapin years to the oldest of age, there is that it should be so. Presidents, bishops, pens when nations and people perno one who can be always sure he is quorum presidents, you who head up sonally ignore moral standards, virtues,

right, no one who has learned so all the organizations: Use your counhonesty. The counsel of the past is

much of life that he doesn't need the selors. They are there to function, and not to be ignored.

88 Improvement Era To get a little nearer to your telephone,

get a telephone nearer to you. To you, beloved and respected young

people of the Church, and all others Enjoy an extension phone in your home this also: The commandments are still in

force. Preparation, character, compeweek. Just call our Business Office or

tence are still the source of security. ask a Telephone Serviceman.

Proceed with your preparation; keep

your mental and physical and spiritual faculties best. at their in balance and Mountain

Don't acquire habits or harmful use things that would distort or dull your States senses.

Have faith. Work, study, prepare. Telephone

Don't let yourself drift into the kind of company where the counsels are evil, or be misled by influences that would downgrade manners and morals.

Live so as to have peace and selfrespect. Don't give way to the permissive looseness that leads to the

quicksand of life.

Now, may I recall some words written as a plea for parents and children to come to common ground:

It is an odd thing, in a way, how each generation seems to feci that each precedingfashioned—howgenerationeach is generationsomewhat oldlis-

tens impatiently to the lessons of the last. Youth is so sure the rules have

haven't. is sure theychanged. Age cyL.. ts>LJ. -3.

far feels it can ourYouth it knows how go. Age is deeply aware of the danRICKS it ger. feels always apply can Youth

itself. to in save timethe brakes Age arc,k \oi eaer a

knows it isn't always so. And so ACADEMIC PROGRAM

parents frequently find themselves A comprehensive liberal arts and sciengroping, reaching, pleading, trying to ments.tific curriculum, 10 divisions, 28 departsay what should be said, in a way that

in awill misunderstood, not be way ACCREDITATION

Ricks College is accredited by the Norththat will not And seem meddlesome. Association west of Secondary and

always there is need for parents and Higher Schools.

children to come to common ground, CAMPUS AND FACILITIES and to say to one another what should Approximately 245 acres, including buildings, student center, academic said.so be would so we much And

halls. - SPECIAL - seven10 residence

this with parents andplead with day children to be more understanding SUMMER ACADEMY CHURCH ACTIVITY with one another. OF FINE ARTS Rickswith Collegenearly Stakeall positionsincludes 15filledwards,by

To you as parents, remember when June 1729, 1968 students.

you were young; remember why you ENROLLMENT

wanted to do some things you wanted Owned and Operated by the More than 3500 students, over 400 of to do; remember how eager you were Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday whom are from outside Idaho, 100 from

for social acceptance, how sensitive you Saints foreign countries.

illtimed criticism, towere and how easily hearts could your be hurt, and RICKS COLLEGE how some things, which now seem less REXBURG, IDAHO -83440 important, once mattered very much.

All this as parents we ask you to remember. to you, our children, And now to WANTED COX'S DELICOUS in your youth:you should you Why

Store basic that the rulessuppose have Grocery Manager CreamedMoneyreally in the short years changed few Closed Sundays Holidays and since your parents were as young as This store located in very nice neighborone of the best in the U.S.

you? The road seems new to you. It hood, in Utah. Present store employees

isn't new to them. They've been over are an exceptionally fine group to work CDXB gift boxes a speciality

it. They are still traveling it, and it with. Super Market volume. Attractive

salary benefits (Write For Free Brochure) and Present for right man. is still essentially the same. have We FARMS will HONEY COX manager be available superon a

acmore; have move faster; we we Shelley, Idaho 83274 visory capacity. Interested? Please write

quired some things and lost others confidential letter giving qualifications, experience, and age.

P.O. Box 1732, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

June 1968 89 "Remember, too, that parents have hearts wholeness of your happiness—always

and forever. ("The Spoken Word,"

that can be hurt; that they, like yon, AprilThose17, who1966.)have given you life, who

are sensitive to illtimed criticism...."haveconfidence,reared youryou inconsideration.love, deserve Theyyour

deserve to sit with you in counsel for your own sake and for theirs.

May our Father help us to come together in the spirit of love and understanding, working out the problems and the great possibilities, and to but it is still true that causes are hearts that can be hurt; that they, like keep close in counsel.

always followed by consequences. you, are sensitive to illtimed criticism This is God's work. We are his

And as you ask your parents to reand to misunderstanding of their mochildren. He sent his Only Begotten

member this of you, will you also retives. Remember that there is nothing, Son to redeem us from death and show

member this of them: that they were in righteousness, they would not do us the way to eternal life. His gosyoung, not very long ago, as you are for you. They are yours and you are pel is restored. Its power and purpose

young today—that they once thought theirs, and you and they together have are with us, and the way is plain, if

your thoughts; that they once felt the privilege, the right, the duty, to we will only seek and accept counsel

they too had found new ways, and sit down and share your thoughts and in love and reverence and respect, feltdom—andyour longingssince havefor learnedflight andthe freewis- considerother, thatyourbothdecisionsof you togetherwith onemayanbe andTolivethis byendthemaylightwe Godseek hasand given.accept dom of restraint. listened to and respected—and work, his help, I pray in the name of Jesus

Remember, too, that parents have and pray and plan together for the Christ. Amen. O

Saturday Evening Priesthood Session. April 6, 1968

"Seek Ye Wisdom"

Lowell L. Bennion

Member of the Youth Correlation Planning Committee

My dear brethren and friends: President McKay in his ninetyfifth year (James 1:5.) "Never,"he wrote, "did

dent McKay has asked me to talk to should be thinking of the future and any passage of scripture come with the youth of the Church about educaputting himself in the place of youth more power to the heart of man than tion. I am not particularly grateful as he planned the theme of this this did at this time to mine.... I

for this task, but I am thankful for meeting. reflected on it again and again, knowhis trust and faith in me. I am also If we take a look at Church history, ing that if any person needed wisdom

grateful for the example which he has we find that education has played an from God, I did...,"(Joseph Smith

set for us in the field of education. important, proud role. The process of 2:12.)

President McKay loves the Lord with education began even before the Church Unknowingly, and unconsciously all his mind, as well as with his heart was organized. We usually think of the perhaps, the boy Joseph carried out the

and soul. I know this from personal beginning of the Latterday Saint admonition of the Savior, "Ask, and

experience. movement as having taken place in the it shall be given you; seek, and ye

On several occasions when I have Sacred Grove in that glorious First shall find; knock, and it shall be

dared to impose upon him with probVision of the Father and the Son. To opened unto you."(Matt. 7:7.)

lems that were very critical to me, I me this is not entirely accurate. The There is no finer symbol or charhave always come away satisfied in my initial beginning of our faith took acterization of the Mormon movement

mind as well as in my heart. One place, I believe, in the mind of a youth. to me than to think of the boy Joseph

thing he taught me when I first began The boy Joseph in his fifteenth year going to the woods, in his own words, to teach in the Church has been exhad questions; he was searching; he "on the morning of a beautiful, clear

tremely helpful. He said, "Brother was eager to know. You should read day, early in the spring,"kneeling,

Bennion, remember, words do not again the familiar story, his own story, offering a prayer, asking questions of convey meanings; they call them in the Pearl of Great Price. I was the God in heaven. Joseph's search

forth."I speak out of the context of struck this week to notice what an did not end there. The gospel and

my experience, and you listen out of emphasis he placed on learning, on Church of Christ were not revealed the context of yours, and that is why asking. At a time of considerable from heaven in their entirety like the

communication is difficult. I don't controversy and great emotional exblueprints of an architect's building

expect to be fully understood tonight citement, he said in retrospect, "My plans. Rather, Joseph continued to

nor that you will agree with everything mind was called up to serious reflecask questions. He had searching questhat is said, and I certainly invite tion."And the biblical passage which tions that he was asking to find soluPresident Brown to qualify and correct stirred him the most was that famous tions to his problems, and he received

anything that he feels he should. verse from James, "If any of you lack "line upon line, precept upon precept;

It is also inspiring to me that Presiwisdom, let him ask of God...."here a little, and there a little...."

90 Improvement Era This is when your insurance man has to go to work for you. To make

sure he will, make sure now he's an independent insurance agent.

His job is to serve you first when you need help most. We're independent agents. Call us any time.

Catalog

By Solveig Paulson Russell

Lizard in the corn field. HEBER J. GRANT & CO.

Turtle in the rye, General Agents, Salt Lake City HELP!

Grasshoppers jumping.

And apple pie;

Picnic in the wood lot, Stone is JjiCiiitL.,. $9.95

Fourth of July, 7"x 9". ppd.

Kids in the clover Playing "I spy!"

Grain heads ripening, W&ti Cloudless sky:

Catalog of summer things That satisfy. SCRIPTURE STONE

Book of Mormon Visual Teaching Aid Scripture stone is "external evidence of story. Tree of Life and Book of Mormon

Authentic sealed of reproduction the PROTECT

Enchantment eightfoot stone discovered in Mexico. your copies of

Booklet by Dr. M. Wells Jakeman, BYU, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

By Elaine V. Emans included. Many uses for this decorative with an piece.

BINDER ERA EL CHARITABLE MONTE can't be sorry that we failed toWe $2.50 ENTERPRISES

Era The Improvement gather El Ave., Utah Monte, Calif. 91731 3222 79 State Street South

Enough wild strawberries last night Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 before Dusk fell; returning to the field

for more IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS

Can be no hardship, this goldAids in treatment of simple sore emerald weather, throat and other minor mouth and

This morning spun of dew and JEWELRY CO. throat irritations.

buttercup, SALT42WEST2ND.LAKE CITYSOUTH1, UTAH DA 2-1039

Of witchity -witch, of yellowthroat, HALL'S REMEDY and wren! INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER Salt Lake City, Utah

Discovering rubies in the grass again, Dyeing the fingertips, and looking upTo see a swallowtail (so near, we TEMPLES feel and the LatterdaySaints citizen of his country more thanA ours) Ideal for home, classroom,

Are necessary to our ritual and missionary use

Of making jam of berries and of Order from flowers, Of morning and of birdsong, and the host Of other summer delights, for 79 South State Street winter's toast. Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Of perpetual interest to Church members and their friends

June 1968 91 (D&C 128:21.) Only in response to is fast diminishing, going by the life shallow and meaningless. I

hungry minds, to earnest questions of boards. Unskilled jobs are decreasing. haven't time tonight to do any more

the boy Prophet and of his associates, They are poorly paid. One is expendthan mention the kinds of things that

did the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, able if one's only talent is common, get us in these cages, but in my exit seems to me, reveal their mind. untrained physical work. On the other perience alcohol does (I should have

Very soon after the First Vision, hand, there has never been such a desaid "in my observation"). In my obJoseph not only prayed, but he also mand for trained people, both technical servation, these mindexpanding drugs

studied, as has already been indicated and professional. Back in depression do also. I have talked with a number

in President McKay's remarks. years engineers came out of the uniof students and young people who

The first temple built by the Latterversities and were glad to take a job have been caught up in this latest day Saints in Kirtland, Ohio, the most at a filling station or any other kind effort to find the meaning of life by sacred of all buildings in the Church, of work. Today, anybody who is running away from it, and what I

was also used for the School of the trained as a teacher, social worker, observe is nothing but tragedy.

Prophets. There they studied not only nurse, doctor, lawyer, dentist—name You and I don't indulge in alcohol,

scripture and theology, but also what you will—is in great demand, is LSD, or marijuana, but we find ourHebrew and German; and they were well paid, and I think, generally selves in other cages. One of them is

taught to learn by study and also by speaking, his work is more interesting sitting as a spectator of life watching faith, and to seek wisdom out of the than that of common labor, though TV day and night. It is wonderful to

best books. not always. watch a show occasionally, to refresh

It is remarkable to me too, brethren, The frontiers which Mormons have oneself and get away from the cares of that when the Saints came to the known in the past—the desert, the the day, but to spend hour upon hour

West, struggling to conquer the desert plains, the prairies, rugged mountain watching the trivia that comes across under the leadership of that very passes, "hole in the rock"—are no our movie house screens and TV

practical leader, Brigham Young, that longer there. Today's frontiers are screens sometimes is, I believe, a great

he, a man without formal education, human and social, spiritual and moral. disservice to one's life. Another tragic

talked about education a great deal. They were mentioned in this morning's aspect of the life of contemporary man,

He was always encouraging the Saints meeting by several of our speakers in my judgment, is our hunger and to study science and all things. In air pollution, water pollution, crime, thirst and lust for material things. We

fact, he said that Mormonism embraces delinquency, family disorganization, want new clothes, cars, homes, furniall truth; even if the infidel has it, it war, racial strife. The resolution of ture, and drapes, and we spend most

belongs to us. these problems calls for training, for of our time, many of us, trying to

We have a proud history of educaunderstanding, for knowledge, as well achieve these material things with tion in the Church that includes the as for character and faith. which we can identify. I think people

development of auxiliary organizations, Secondly, I believe that we should who spend most of their life trying to academies, colleges, Brigham Young seek education for education's sake. I make money and accumulate material

University, institutes and seminaries. would not spend my time encouraging goods will wake up with a taste of

Generations of Latterday Saints have young people to get more education ashes in their mouths by and by.

been inspired by this philosophy and simply to make more money, or to live Jesus said, "... for a man's life

by the beginnings of our faith to go a life of ease, or to gain status in this consisteth not in the abundance of the on in higher education. Our fathers, world. My chief reason for encouragthings which he possesseth."(Luke

grandfathers, and greatgrandfathers ing education is that I believe that 12:15.) And he also said, "Be not

have gone east and west in this counthe essence of man is his brain, his anxious about the morrow, what ye try, with faith that any knowledge mind, his spirit; and I think a person shall eat and what ye shall drink, and

they could gain was consistent and in who does not cultivate his mind will wherewithal ye shall be clothed, but harmony with the gospel of Jesus not fulfill his life. His life will end seek ye first the kingdom of God."(See

Christ. in frustration and disappointment. Matt. 6:34.) And I think he meant by

What about our education today in Let me illustrate concretely, if I can. that, seek ye first humility and rethe Church? Are you and I as hunLast summer I was in the mountains pentance, meekness and integrity,

gry to know? Are we aware of our with some young boys, and one day mercy and peaceableness, purity of

lack of wisdom? Are our minds burning they found a nest of robins, just ready heart and sacrifice for fellowmen, and

and hungering and thirsting for knowlto leave their mother's nest. The boys love—things of the spirit.

edge, as I think Joseph's was, and wanted to take these robins and put Buddha said, "In eating, fearing and

Brigham Young's, and my father's, and them in a cage. I suggested that the sleeping, men and beasts are alike. Man

others? We inherit land and money robins would die if they did but let excelleth the beast by engaging in reand debts and other things, but eduthem do it; and sure enough, the boys ligious practices; so why should a man,

cation is not inherited any more than put these little robins in a cage, gave if he be without religion, not be equal character is. The German poet Goethe them water, grain, and grass, and in to the beast."

said, "What from your father's heritage two or three days they were dead. The When I first read this, it struck

is lent, earn it anew to really possess reason they died is that birds do not home. In eating, fearing, and sleepit."We inherit only the opportunity, belong in cages. Birds were made by ing, men and beasts are alike. Man

the tradition, and I hope the motivathe Creator to scratch in the earth and excelleth the beast by being human, tion to seek learning and wisdom and to soar in the sky. Birds have wings by engaging in things of the spirit, of

education. to fly. Put a bird in a cage and you the mind, of the heart.

I think there are several reasons why destroy his nature. Brethren, how often do you conyou young people should be earnestly Now you and I also find ourselves template the wonderful qualities and

engaged in all kinds of education, insometimes in cages, cages of our own aspects of your mind? Imagination is

cluding secular training. The first making, and though we don't always one of the qualities of a human mind

reason I would give is that we live in die in these cages, we sometimes die a that I cherish deeply; it is the ability to

a technological age. Unskilled labor moral and spiritual death; and we find take single images and to put them into

92 Improvement Era a new image that has never existed a let us not drive a ivedge between faith and knowledge."

before. Only a human being can

reorganize life around him after his own image. Only the human mind, so

far as we know, enjoys memory and can transcend time and space. Only to each other; they hang together living. It has been my great privilege

human beings can keep the entire past beautifully. They strengthen each to have known thousands of college

with them. You and I can live with other. The Beatitudes form, in the youth who are bright, eager students

Jesus, Beethoven, Socrates, and our words of a scholar, a map of life, each in every field—in philosophy, in the

grandfathers. Animals only live in one building on the preceding one. The social sciences, and in even'other scithe present, driven by instinct. Only wonderful attributes of God reence. Thousands have kept the faith

human beings have language, the inforce one another and give us a and are truly committed to both God power to symbolize feelings and ideas marvelous basis for a relationship with and learning. But these people walk

and to communicate. Imagination, him. It seems to me that we need to with humility, both in religion and in

memory, language—these are wonderreflect deeply upon the gospel of Jesus secular thought.

ful gifts of the human spirit. Christ in terms of its great fundaLast Sunday I was privileged to atUntil a year or two ago I kept a pig. mentals, and then we need to relate tend a priesthood meeting and Sunday

My pig never got his eyes above the these fundamentals to the issues of School in Madison, Wisconsin. In

trough, except when I came to feed the day. these meetings graduate students, prohim; and, brethren, when I went out How many of us apply the Golden fessors, businessmen, and intelligent

to feed my pig, I thrilled at the color Rule in business, in race relations in wives were enriching each other's on Mt. Olympus, and I pondered its our country today, in relations bethinking immeasurably. This is a

geology, and I worshiped at the foot tween nations? Do we always remembeautiful thing to behold, and it is

of the mountain. I sang "O Ye Mounber free agency, as we deal with our happening in many areas of the

tains High"to myself alone, and "For coworkers, with our children, with Church. In the life of every Latterthe Strength of the Hills."I like aniour wives? day Saint faith and morality, born

mals, but believe me, I am grateful Just one more thought, brethren. By of religion, should be wedded to all

for those qualities which are distinctly encouraging its youth to gain an the knowledge and learning we can get human and which are divine. education, to study at universities, the from every source. It is not an easy

You and I were not only created in Church is encouraging our young marriage—faith and reason—and one

the physical image of our Father in people to think, and to think critically. will have to treat the other partner

heaven; we were also created in his Parents, church leaders, and even some with great respect. Like marriages

spiritual image. And if the glory of of our students are afraid that in the between men and women, there will

God is intelligence, then the glory of process of learning, and of learning to be ongoing adjustments; mistakes will

man is also intelligence. If God is think critically, some of our students be made; forgiveness will be required;

Creator, man must be creative to satwill lose their faith. I must confess and some divorces will occur. But

isfy his soul. If God is love, man must that some Latterday Saints, college much of the conflict between faith

be loving. If God is a person of inyouth, do lose their religious faith as and reason lies in the person, just as

tegrity, then we must also be honest, they encounter secular learning. Howfailures in marriage are usually due to

to be true to our own nature, which ever, I believe that this is not due limitations in husband or wife, or we have inherited in part from him. primarily to their thinking. Some of both, and not in the institution of

Another reason why I believe in our youth who do not go to college marriage.

education is that it is not enough to also lose their faith. I repeat, let us not drive a wedge

believe the gospel; it must also be There are a hundred and one reabetween faith and knowledge. We

understood, if we wish to live it. Ansons why young people lose faith. Some need both. I love my bishop, who is a

cient Israel lived their religion after a who do go to college leave their rebusinessman, and I have sought his fashion, but were rejected by God for ligion behind at a very shallow level counsel in spiritual and family affairs, lack of knowledge. Hear the words while they proceed to work on their but should the need arise, I shall not

of the prophet Hosea: "Hear the word PhD's. Some discard religion before ask him to remove my appendix. The

of the Lord, ye children of Israel: for they have ever known it, before it has great problems facing us in the world

the Lord hath a controversy with the taken root in their lives. Others lose today arc far more intricate than an

inhabitants of the land, because there faith because they cease to practice appendectomy. We need to unite all

is no truth, nor mercy, nor knowledge religion and study it and live it. Still the faith and idealism the gospel can

of God in the land. others lose faith because we their parprovide and to combine it with all the

"My people are destroyed for lack of ents and teachers and leaders have wisdom of human experience, no matknowledge: because thou hast rejected not listened to their questions, have ter who has it.

knowledge, I will also reject thee... been too quick to condemn, have not Not all education is found in textseeing thou hast forgotten the law of respected their free agency and their books or in university halls. I have

thy God.... honest thinking. Some lose faith betime to mention only one illustration

"For I desired mercy, and not sacricause they do not distinguish between in closing. I know a little lady listenfice; and the knowledge of God more gospel principles and the actions of ing in tonight who is nearly 94 years

than burnt offerings."(Hos. 4:1, 6; men. I recall a girl who lost her faith of age. When she was approximately

6:6.) because a returned missionary asked ninety, she began to practice the organ.

Brethren, the gospel is to be underthat his engagement ring be returned. Last year the power went off in her

stood, as well as believed. The gosPeople live lives as a whole, and man}'home, in her apartment where she

pel has a beautiful structure about it. factors influence their faith. lives alone, and her daughter phoned

It has form. It is something like a I dislike very, much to sec a wedge and said, "Mother, is the power off?"

beautiful Greek edifice, if you will. driven betweeen faith and reason, be- "Yes."

The Ten Commandments are related tween secular learning and religious "I will come and bring you home to

June 1968 93 dinner."think, as much from this little woman in heaven.

And her mother said, "No, thank who is my mother as I have from my I pray that we Latterday Saints livyou."father. ing today may learn to love the Lord

"What will you do if the power My message to you in closing is this: our God with all our mind, as well

doesn't come on?"Light a candle. Light the candle that as with our hearts and with our souls;

She answered, "I will light a candle is within you, the candle that is your I pray that we may hunger and thirst and play my guitar."own eternal intelligence, which has after righteousness, and after truth, and

I had a wonderful father who was also received the imprint of divinity I ask it humhly, in the name of Jesus an educator, hut I have learned, I in the spiritual creation of our Father Christ. Amen. O

Sunday Morning Session, April 7, 1968

I:si!?': The Lord's Way to Temporal Salvation

Marion G. Romney

Of the Council of the Twelve T z My beloved brothers and sisters and land shall be utterly emptied, and left 'not a rack behind'. What remains

friends, I have chosen to speak a few utterly spoiled...."And then, as if of the antediluvian world? not even a

words this morning about the Lord's in retrospect, he lamented: "Therefore spike of Noah's Ark.... What reway to temporal salvation. I pray that hath the curse devoured the earth, and mains of Nineveh, of Babylon, of

you will join with me in a prayer, parthey that dwell therein are desolate: Thebes, of Tyre, of Carthage,—those

ticularly you who do not belong to therefore the inhabitants of the earth great centers of wealth and power?

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterare burned, and few men left."(Isa. What remains of Roman greatness....

day Saints, because what I say will not 24:3, 6.) What is the simple story of all the

resurrected said: Savior to unless himself he answers: have anything you The you ages?"Then mean "—industry,

.. it it; saith to pass, desire the wealth, or corruption, but ". decay, shall come of the the Spirit Lord and ruin.

heard and obeyed, these words will Father, that... whosoever will not What conservative power has been

bring you peace in this life and eternal repent and come unto my Beloved strong enough to arrest the ruin of the life in the world to come. Son, them will I cut off from among nations of antiquity?"he concludes.

Recently, after reviewing the frustramy people.... (Beacon Lights of History [New York:

tions encountered in our search for "And I will execute vengeance and William H. Wise Co., 1921], Vol. 3,

permanent peace, an editorial in the fury upon them,... such as they have prx 12829.)

U.S. News and World Report connot heard."(3 Ne. 21:2021.) The answer is obvious. No concluded with these words: "Basically, As late as 1832, the Lord declared servative power, which the nations of

there is only one permanence we can through the Prophet Joseph Smith: antiquity would apply, was strong

all accept. It is the permanence of a "... I, the Almighty, have laid my enough to arrest their ruin.

Godgoverned world. For the power of hands upon the nations, to scourge I am persuaded that today we are

God is alone permanent. Obedience to them for their wickedness. treading the path those nations trod.

His laws is the road to a lasting solu- "And plagues shall go forth, and We have been industrious. We have

tion of man's problems."(David Lawthey shall not be taken from the earth become wealthy. We are going through

rence, U.S. News and World Report, "... Until all shall know me, who a period of corruption and decay.

March 18, 1968, p. 116.) remain, even from the least unto the Around the corner we shall encounter

This is a true and commendable greatest...."(D&C 84:9698.) ruin if we continue our present course.

statement as far as it goes. It would be President George Albert Smith, Admittedly, this is not an inspiringmore enlightening, however, if it conspeaking from this stand in 1950, said: forecast. I make it not because I like

tained a definitive statement of the "It will not be long until calamities it but because I know that it is true, specific laws of God which, if obeyed, will overtake the human family unless that it is imperative that we face it and would bring "a lasting solution of there is speedy repentance. It will not do something about it. I make it also

man's problems"and thereby estabbe long before those who are scattered for the reason that I know that there lish permanent peace. over the face of the earth by millions is something we can do about it. I

In these remarks I shall identify the will die like flies because of what will further know that for us there is, as first of these laws and consider with come."(Era, Vol. 53 [May 1950], p. there was for the nations of antiquity,

you the importance of understanding 412.) but one way in which we can obtain

and obeying them. President McKay, in October conthe wisdom to solve our problems and

I can think of no more important ference 1964, added: "Men may yearn avert the impending ruin. And that

theme, because if men are not speedily for peace, cry for peace, and work for way is to learn and implement the brought to understand these basic laws peace, but there will be no peace laws which the Lord himself has and obey them, our civilization will until they follow the path pointed out prescribed to guide men through to an terminate in ruin. The scriptures, hisby the Living Christ."(Era, Vol. 67 inspired solution of their problems, to

tory, and current events all testify to [December 1964], p. 1042.) permanent peace. This way he has

this lamentable conclusion. As to the teachings of history, Dr. revealed.

I call your attention to the following John Lord says: "The world has witHe revealed it first to Adam. He

quotations from the scriptures: Isaiah, nessed many powerful empires, emtaught and exemplified it while he

envisioning our day, declared: "The pires which have passed away, and was in the flesh. Peter announced the

94 Improvement Era cornerstone of it when to the rulers ceive the gift of the Holy Ghost. tized disciples who had not heard

of the Jews, who demanded of him The foregoing—faith in the Lord about the Holy Ghost, he taught them

and John to know "by what power, or Jesus Christ, repentance, baptism by the true doctrine of Christ, and then by what name"they had healed the immersion for the remission of sins, he baptized them again, this time "in lame man, he said: and the laying on of hands for the the name of the Lord Jesus.

".;. by the name of Jesus Christ of gift of the Holy Ghost—are the laws "And when Paul had laid his hands

Nazareth,... doth this man stand of God which men must obey in order upon them, the Holy Ghost came on

here before you whole. to obtain permanent peace. them; and they spake with tongues,

"Neither is there salvation in any When men do obey them, they reand prophesied."(Acts 19:5-6.)

other: for there is none other name ceive two things that enable them to Because men, during the dark ages,

under heaven given among men, solve their problems: (1) a change of strayed from these ordinances and

whereby we must be saved."(Acts heart, and (2) divine guidance. To broke their covenants, they lost the

4:7, 10, 12.) receive the Holy Ghost is to be born gift of the Holy Ghost. In doing so

Believers associate this scripture of the Spirit in the context of Christ's they lost the true understanding of with salvation beyond the grave, and statement to Nicodemus that except a these plain and simple teachings of the properly so. My message to you toman be born of the spirit as well as gospel of Christ, including the guidday, however, is that it applies with of the water, he cannot see the kingance of the Holy Ghost. Since then

equal force to men's temporal affairs. dom of God. men have been and now are walking

The first step in that way is faith The function of the Holy Ghost is in darkness of their own wisdom.

in the Lord Jesus Christ. to guide men in the way of truth and This they need not do any longer,

"... if ye believe not that I am he peace. Jesus referred to him as "the because the true gospel with all its

[that is, the Son of God], ye shall die Spirit of truth"when he said to his pristine simplicity and power has been in your sins,"he said. (John 8:24.) disciples: "Howbeit when he, the Spirit i restored.

But, it is said, "If belief in Christ is of truth, is come, he will guide you "... knowing the calamity which

the way, why is peace so elusive in the into all truth:... and he will shew should come upon the inhabitants of

western world where people profess you things to come."(John 16:13.) the earth..."(D&C 1:17), the Lord,

belief in Christ?"The answer is simThe Holy Ghost is a personage of beginning in 1820, again revealed it.

ple: Professing is not enough. Men spirit, the third member of the Trinity. In 1830 he organized his Church,

—themust acceptvery himSon forof whatGod, heman'sin factReis receiveHis wisdom,his companionshiplike God's, is infinite.is to Tobe whichJesus Christhe laterof namedLatterdayTheSaints.Church Heof

deemer. They must have sufficient led "into all truth."People who walk endowed it with his priesthood and

faith in him to take upon themselves in the light of his guidance act with an charged the bearers thereof to teach his name in the manner he prescribed. unerring certitude; they do not get into his gospel and administer its saving

Specifically, the believer must (1) rethe troubles the world is in today. ordinances, including baptizing by impent of his sins—that is, bring his The above outlined procedure was mersion for the remission of sins and

conduct in harmony with Christ's wellknown and followed in the aposthe laying on of hands for the gift of teachings; (2) enter into a covenant tolic church. When the Pentacostal the Holy Ghost.

with God, that he is willing to take crowd, m6ved by the apostles'powerDuring the restoration, the Lord reupon himself the name of Jesus Christ ful witness, cried out, "Men and vealed the principles and procedures and always remember him and keep brethren, what shall we do?"Peter's which, if implemented, would solve

his commandments at all times and in ready answer was, "Repent, and be all the problems which so disturb the all things and in all places. This baptized every one of you in the name peoples of the earth today—economic

covenant he must solemnize by being of Jesus Christ for the remission of problems, moral problems, social probbaptized. sins, and ye shall receive the gift of lems, and political problems.

All who, through faith in Christ, the Holy Ghost."(Acts 2:3738.) In restoring the gift of the Holy

conform with these requirements reAnd when Paul found certain bapGhost, he made available the power

Now Zion Mourns From the celestial fountain through his mind

To purify and elevate mankind;

George Collier The rich intelligence by him brought forth (written before 1899) Is like the sunbeam spreading o'er the earth.

Now Zion mourns; she mourns an earthly head: One in life and one in death they proved

The Prophet and the Patriarch are dead.... How strong their friendship, how they truly loved.

True to their mission until death they stood,

We mourn the Prophet from whose lips have flowed Then sealed their testimony with their blood.

The words of life thy Spirit has bestowed,

A depth of thought no human heart could reach Thou God, of Jacob in this trying hour,

From time to time rolled in sublimest speech. Help us to trust in thy Almighty power.

June 1968 95 which so transforms the nature of of men's problems"is for men to take rest and that its inhabitants shall men that they desire to and do impleupon themselves the name of Christ, dwell in peace. Such a glorious day

ment these revealed principles and in the manner prescribed by him. And approaches. It is even now at our doors.

practices. I further testify that the way one can The righteousness which will bring

I testify to you that this power is in do this is to have faith in Christ, reit in and sustain it shall come in one the earth, that the authority to confer pent and be baptized by immersion, of two ways: as a result of the preit upon all who will qualify for it is and receive the gift of the Holy Ghost dicted destruction of the wicked, or by

here. at the hands of a duly authorized men's repenting and taking upon

I plead with you, every one of you, member of The Church of Jesus Christ themselves in the prescribed manner not to dismiss lightly this message. of Latterday Saints. the name of Jesus Christ, "the only

That it be known, understood, and I am aware that to some this may name which shall be given under accepted is of such urgency that God appear to be a presumptuous stateheaven, whereby salvation shall come himself, with his divine Son, made a ment, but it must be made because it unto the children of men...."(Moses

visit to this earth in this dispensation, is true, and we who know that it is 6:52.)

and sent other heavenly beings, to true are under obligation to declare it. God grant men repentance, and give

reveal it for our temporal as well as for "The earth is the Lord's, and the to us who bear this witness strength to our spiritual salvation. fulness thereof; the world, and they match our responsibility, I humbly

And so I repeat and testify to you that dwell therein."(Ps. 24:1.) pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

that the "road to a lasting solution He purposes that the earth shall Amen. O

A Frank Discussion with Girls

Bishop Robert L. Simpson

7 1 Of the Presiding Bishopric

One evening recently a faithful and In the spirit of this firm but kindly them herewith, to see if they will do wonderful Mutual teacher of high direction of six and onehalf years all things whatsoever the Lord their school age girls stood to present a careago, I choose to talk frankly with the God shall command them."In this

fully prepared lesson when suddenly girls—-those young women who listen passage of scripture, Heavenly Father

she was prompted to forgo the regular today, with stars in their eyes, great talks about passing a test in order to lesson and discuss the tragedy of imhope in their hearts, but in far too come to this earth. This you have

morality. About halfway through the many cases, uncertain minds in a fastdone. You have already demonstrated

lesson, impatient hornhonking was moving, impatient, and everchanging your ability to excel. Then, in referring

heard from the church parking lot. society. I approach my subject with a to our performance in this life, he

Finally it stopped, and the car with fervent prayer in my heart, a prayer makes the wonderful promise that all its youthful male occupant sped away. that you girls will consider my intruwho prove obedient "shall have glory

Following the inspirational discussion sion into your private world of hopes, added upon their heads for ever and in the classroom, one tearful but gratedreams, and aspirations in a kindly ever."(Abr. 3:2526.)

ful young lady lingered after the others way, that you will welcome me as a God's house is a house of order, and had departed to confide in her leader friend, deeply concerned for your you exist by personal and direct comthat the honking had been for her. happiness, anxious for your wellbeing. mission as part of that order and plan.

Then she said: "I had decided that Yes, I also have concern for that Is it important to you that you are

tonight was going to be the biggest eternal but elusive hope of fulfillment created in his image? "... God created

night of my life, and that horn toot that floods the heart of every normal man in his own image, in the image was the signal that all of the arrangeyoung woman as her thoughts turn to of God created he him; male and

ments were complete, and he was waitthings tender, things loving, and things female created he them."(Gen. 1:27.)

ing. What you said and how you spiritual; yes, tender thoughts about How fortunate you are to know and

said it has saved me from the most possible motherhood, loving thoughts understand this simple truth. Relaserious mistake of my life, and I shall about loyal and eternal companiontively few in the world accept it. Your

never forget it."ship, spiritual thoughts about a sacred every thought and action should be on

Just six and onehalf years ago, commission given only to the daugh- a higher plane just in the knowledge

Bishop Brown and I listened intently ters of a kind and loving Heavenly that you are a part of him, that God as President McKay issued a most Father. You received this commission personally fathered your spirit, that

vital challenge to a new Presiding personally from Heavenly Father upon in you is a spark of divinity; and with

Bishop of the Church. Among other leaving his presence not too many it comes the power to reason and to

things, Bishop Vandenberg was told years ago. think, to achieve dominion and eternal

about his prime responsibility for thouOnce I heard a girl say, "What's glory, but it can only happen on his sands of young men throughout the the use? What am I good for?"Well, terms, on his terms of righteousness.

world. Then came a most explicit one mighty important point would be "What's the use?""What am I good

direction from the lips of a living that you are here by assignment from for?"Why, young lady, without you

prophet: "Bishop,"he said, "your conyour Heavenly Father to prove yourand others like you, life would stop,

cern must be just as great for the girls self worthy of his ultimate blessing. and the very foundation of God's

of corresponding ages."In his own words: "... we will prove master plan would be frustrated.

96 Improvement Era Can any young woman remain unbarriers to good health and a sound Kodak Film moved in the thought that within her mind just for the sake of social acDEVELOPING is the potential of creation, of providceptance, while turning your back on ing earthly bodies for spirits previously an obligation to be physically precreated by him? No mortal has honor pared for a divine partnership, is to greater than this. Yours is a possible my way of thinking inexcusable. SAVE?!50/o

partnership with Heavenly Father in Allow me to share with you just one

it is. brief of perpetuating the example process of life. The how important FAST, CONVENIENT

ladies, that a is overwhelming. very thought you know, young The Did

to participate decision recent survey derevealed with that the him incident QUALITY SERVICE stillborn best that is in of you. children the premature It must mands among

be premeditated, planned, never by births is 400 percent higher among impulse. This sacred process requires smoking mothers? That is right, girls

worthiness. 400 percent higher. No wonder God has

Just the other day our family purdeclared: "Know ye not that ye are B"

chased a new radio. We were all the temple of God, and that the Spirit anxious to try it out when a member of God dwelleth in you? COLOR

of the family called attention to the "If any man defile the temple of bold print on the attached booklet, God, him shall God destroy; for the K0DAC0L0R

which read: "Before playing your radio, temple of God is holy, which temple Developing and SUPER SIZE Prints

this carefully."reality, instruction are."read 3:1617.) Cor. book In ye (1

., Rolls: Save. $2.55 8 Exposure 77c

it is first that igout thing destroy ourselves found was The by we who we

. Rolls: 12 Save $3.00 Exposure $1.48

if it into his implugged been an counsel. noring had

. Save Reprints NegS: from $.20 ea. 9c is costly source, proper the damages neither power "Nevertheless man

Size Super Prints are 4x4 with 50% Greater resulted. Several other neither the without have would the woman woman,

Picture Area revealed that improved the Lord."the without (1 Cor. facts were man, in

is for operation, successful portant to the equation 11:11.) This God's

is as K0DACHR0ME or EKTACMR0ME It just as true of the exaltation. preservation, enjoyment and

instrument. 2 + 2 = 4. It is an eternal truth. It Developed into Slides or Movie Film

Vital instructions pertaining to your is unchangeable. D 35 mm, 20 Mounted Slides:

life have been given through a long Everyone talks about the new moral- $1.35 Save 75c

line of prophets. These instructions ity. Any departure from God's moral 35 mm, 36 Mounted Slides:

must be understood and carried out if code is unapproved in his sight. He $2.40 Save $1.00

you are to enjoy happiness and success. is the same yesterday, today, and for- D Super 8 Cartridge or 8 mm Movie Roll:

Is human life less important than a ever. His plan for our happiness is no $1.35 Save 75?

$40.00 radio? You must know the different. It too is unchangeable. On

rules if you are going to play the this premise, there may be a new imBLACK & WHITE game. If you want a particular blessmorality advocated by deceitful men,

ing, you must be willing to abide the but there can never be a new morality. Developing and Jumbo Prints

law upon which that blessing is Only the adversary has a vacillating, 8 Exposure Rolls $.85 Save 51 c

predicated. 130:2021.) (See geared everchanging always program D&C 12 Rolls Exposure $1.00 Save 88c

that to intended trap never the spend the misled, uninformed, It was we

Rolls Exposure $1.35 Save $1.45

risk dark. of 20 our groping in the the those time choose to run The who

Rolls Exposure 36 $2.00 Save $2.72 us the prophets questionable provided with have company.

greatest handbook of instructions ever Oh, youth of the noble birthright, published. In the scriptures we find don't give yourselves to the father of GENEALOGY PHOTOS

life, guidelines, rules of the the deceitful the would one who all lies—that

is It a as problem. to every reconsider major Negatives from old photos: downfall your answer

corded that "where there is no vision, victory. Don't be impatient. $.60 Save 40c

the people perish...."(Prov. 29:18.) Speaking of impatience, a faithful Prints from negatives: $.08 Save 4c

girls? Is vision California lady in Southern your vision, had young How is

fill your order Check INSTRUCTIONS: and above

possible knowledge? just last year. you this without perplexing problem Can in below entire form name and address Wrap

really expect to do well in any game Jim was leaving for Vietnam immearound your exposed film and include in heavy duty envelope with your along remittance No of that the rules diately. for marriage knowing without was pushing He

order: please Minimum $1.00 We

rules his those to over- C.O.D.'s then following departure before game and but had full pay return postage You receive for credit

to the best of your ability? May I come a particular problem before he any unprintable negatives or any overpayment.

invite you to know God's will concould offer her the kind of marriage Utah residents add 31/2% State Sales Tax.

cerning you. she had always dreamed of. She did

If you are to be faced with the sacred love him. She did want to marry him, NAME fPLEASE PRINT)

inobligation of parents were wonderful providing but her bodies someday

ADDRESS courtship spirit children, that the threemonth to sistent for God's it seems me that your personal health habits had scarcely been long enough to CITY STATE ZIP should be just as perfect as you can really know. Finally, the decision was Check if you want Film Mailer Envelopes at no

make them. Liquor and tobacco have made to wait. charge

been forbidden by the Lord. President Their correspondence during the enTanner made that very clear to us suing 12 months while he was in YOU MUST BE SATISFIED OR YOUR

this morning. We are all expected to Vietnam was on a very high plane. MONEY WILL BE PROMPTLY REFUNDED

eat rest adequately, food, to love discovered grew. proper to Their Each an MAIL TODAY TO

things ability to discuss in vigorously. letters that of those Partaking work

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1115, Dept. X, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

June 1968 97 had found no place in their lighter Church leaders, plus your own good teacher who feels prompted to change conversation during a date. Now he name and personal dignity, just on the her prepared lesson. It could be you

has returned. I am happy to report basis of a smooth talker who feigns who will say in return, "Thanks.

their love for one another has been love with his lips but wants only to What you said and how you said it has sealed in the House of the Lord, and use you for a few minutes of selfish saved me from the most serious misbefore this year is finished, their first lust and animal gratification. Girls, take of my life, and I shall never forlittle one will be a reality, and another you stay sweet. If you've made a misget it."God loves you wonderful girls.

wonderful family unit is well on its take, correct it. It will be about the Don't you let him down. You have a

way to exaltation and eternal life. best decision that you will ever make. special function to perform with God

Young ladies, the highway of disilThe Lord stands ready to help, for we as your partner. Be worthy of that

lusionment is teeming with girls who have his word: "Behold, I stand at the privilege. And this final thought, girls:

said, "Just this once,"or "Everybody door, and knock: if any... hear my the priesthood cannot achieve its ultielse does it."Do these phrases sound voice, and open the door, I will come mate destiny without a faithful female

familiar? Another favorite trap sounds in to him, and will sup with him, and companion. No girl will ever achieve

like this: "You would if you really he with me."(Rev. 3:20.) her ultimate destiny without a worthy

loved me."Just imagine the irony of But please remember, you must make priesthood companion at the head of

giving up all that is good, all that is the first move. It is you who must her home. May this be your undeviattruth, all that is sacred, including the open the door. He will be there and ing goal, I pray in the name of the

trust and faith of loved ones and very likely in the form of a faithful Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. O

Other Than by Hearsay

LeGrand Richards Of the Council of the Twelve

Brethren and sisters, I rejoice in the necessities even in this Church is that Nicodemus could not understand him, privilege of attending this great conwe have a strong testimony, the power and Jesus said, after repeating it: "Art

ference with you and listening to the of conviction. As I read the holy thou a master of Israel, and knowest

testimonies of my brethren and hearing scriptures, it seems to me they make not these things?"He said: "We speak

the counsel and the advice they have it very plain that we, his children, that we do know, and testify that we given. I would that all of our Father's through obedience can know God have seen; and ye receive not our witchildren the world over would not only other than by hearsay. Jesus said: ness."(John 3:1011.) Every true

j listen in but would also obey their "... My doctrine is not mine, but servant of God who is sent in his

counsel and their advice; this then his that sent me. name to administer the holy ordiwould be a better world in which to "If any man will do his will, he nances of the gospel speaks that he

live. In your presence this morning shall know of the doctrine, whether it does know, and testifies that he has

I want to express my love for my be of God, or whether I speak of myseen, as our brethren here in this

Father in heaven and for his Son self."(John 7:1617.) conference have done during the past

Jesus Christ, and for his great atoning This is a promise to all men, and two days.

sacrifice, and for the great honor that this promise is just as binding today Now, that is the strength of this is mine to be one of his witnesses in as when Jesus spoke it: if we will do Church. Years ago, when our misthe earth, and I thank you Latterday the will of the Father, we may know sionaries were being severely perseSaints for your love and your kindness other than by hearsay that his message cuted in England, the English

to me. is from God, the Eternal Father. government sent a representative to

The story is told that there was a Then, you will remember, he said: Utah to study our people. They wanted

new minister who moved into the com- "And this is life eternal, that they to know what it was that caused the munity where Thomas Carlisle lived, might know thee the only true God, Church to keep sending its missionand he went to the office of Carlisle and Jesus Christy whom thou hast aries there when they were being so and asked this question: "What do the sent."(John 17:3.) persecuted. After that individual had

people of this community need more This is a promise that we might spent some time in our midst, he rethan anything else?"And Carlisle's know him, or at least it infers that turned to his native land and told

answer was: "They need a man who we might know him other than by them that the black secret of Mormonknows God other than by hearsay."hearsay. ism was the fact that each member

You know, I have thought a lot You remember that when Nicodemus knew he had the truth. Now, isn't

about that. I think what this world came to Jesus by night, he indicated that what we ought to have? Isn't that

needs today more than anything else that he knew he was a prophet sent of just what Jesus promised—that if you

is to know God other than by hearsay, God, for no man did the things that will do the will of -the Father, you to know why he created this earth and he did save God was with him. Then "shall know of the doctrine, whether

why we are here, where we are going, after he had explained to Nicodemus, it be of God, or whether I speak of and how to get there, so that we will as Brother [Marion G.] Romney made myself"? (John 7:17.)

know what life is really for. I have plain today, the message of baptism A few years ago a group of ministers

come to feel that one of the greatest to take upon him the name of Christ were passing through Salt Lake en

98 Improvement Era route to Los Angeles to attend a "... if you will study his message... it will be

ministerial convention. They stopped

in Salt over Lake City. wanted They

to ask teachworth more to you than all else in this world"questions our about some ings, and arrangements were made for them to meet one of the Twelve in the conference room in the Church When he had finished his testimony, Church and do not know the truth of

Office Building. After that member Festus said: "Paul, thou art beside this testimony other than by hearsay:

had answered their questions, he bore thyself; much learning doth make thee I promise you, as one of his apostles

his solemn witness that he knew that mad,"to which Paul replied: "I am of this dispensation, that if you will

Jesus was the Christ, that Joseph Smith not mad, most noble Festus; but speak study his message and ask God, the

was his prophet, that the Book of forth the words of truth and soberEternal Father, he will manifest the

Mormon was true. He knew it other ness."And then Agrippa replied: truth of this unto you, and it will be

than by hearsay. Then, when he "Almost thou persuadest me to be a worth more to you than all else in this

closed his testimony, he turned to Christian."(Acts 26:2425, 28.) And world.

those ministers and said, "Which one then you remember that Paul said, I was back in Washington, D.C,

of you can testify that you know that "I would to God, that not only thou, holding a conference a few years ago, you have the truth?"After a brief but also all that hear me this day, and we had over 2,000 present in that

pause, the leader of the group said, were both almost, and altogether such building. We heard from the stake

"Well, we hope we are right."as I am, except these bonds."(Acts president, a multimillionaire. He

When I was a missionary over in 26:29.) stood before those people and told them

Holland, in the city of Utrecht, there There is another great story that that the greatest thing he had and was a seminary where young men were all the world ought to know that is owned in all this world was his wittrained for the ministry. They used comparable to the one I have just ness that this is the truth and that

to come and attend our meetings, and related of the apostle Paul, and that Joseph Smith was a prophet of God.

then they would remain afterwards is the story of Joseph Smith, who in The next man we called may be and discuss religious principles with his youth saw the confusion in his sitting in this audience. He was the

us. I haven't time to go into detail, community and knew not which head of one of the government

but one night I proved to one of those church he should join. Then he read organizations in Washington. He bore

young men that they were not teachthe words of James: the same testimony.

ing the principles of the gospel of the "If any of you lack wisdom, let him Then we called a president of a

Lord Jesus Christ, and he turned to ask of God, that giveth to all men great university, and he bore the same me and said: "Do you think the Lord liberally, and upbraideth not; and it testimony.

will hold us responsible for teaching shall be given him."(Jas. 1:5.) Then we called a new convert, a

things that we know are not fully in Joseph said that he realized that if young mother with two children, and accord with the scriptures?"any man needed wisdom, he did, and she stood there and told them that

I said that I would rather let the he went into the woods to pray. And when the missionaries came to her

apostle Paul answer that question, for just like that glorious light that shone home, they read to her the promise in

Paul said, "... though we, or an angel over Paul, brighter than the noonday the Book of Mormon that if she would

from heaven, preach any other gospel sun, after Joseph had had the powers read it and ask God, the Eternal unto you than that which we have of darkness fall upon him until he Father, in the name of Christ the preached unto you, let him be acfelt like his very life would be Lord, he would manifest the truth of cursed."(Gal. 1:8.) Brothers and crushed from his body, a light apthat book unto her by the power of

sisters, we have God's eternal truth, peared to him brighter than the noonthe Holy Ghost. She said she got

and I thank him for it. day sun. God was repeating in down on her knees and asked God if

I would just like to remind you now substance an experience such as Paul it were true, and then she read it, and of the experience of the apostle Paul. had to usher in this, the dispensation she said her whole soul was illumined.

You will remember how he persecuted of the fulness of times. He saw in that Then we called on a returned misthe saints, and then on the way to light two glorious messengers, the sionary who had just spent three years

Damascus for the same purpose, a light Father and his Son. He was told by in the mission field at his own expense

appeared brighter than the noonday Jesus that he should join none of the or that of his family. I had talked

sun, and those who were with him all churches, because they all taught for with him before the meeting and said, fell to the earth, and a voice from doctrine the commandments of men. "Did you feel like the time you spent

heaven said, "Saul, Saul, why perseLater he bore his testimony, and he in the mission field was a waste of cutest thou me? it is hard... to kick said he felt like Paul of old. He could time, that you should have been home

against the pricks."And Saul said, not understand why people would getting your schooling and getting

"Who art thou, Lord?""I am Jesus persecute him for telling the truth. ready to marry?""Oh,"he said,

whom thou persecutest."(Acts 26:14You know, he was in prison some "Bishop, if the brethren want to make

15.) Then we follow Paul's great thirty times, and he finally sealed his me happy, just let them load.me on a

ministry, as described by the Savior, testimony with his blood. He said plane in the morning and send me

and he was persecuted as no others of he knew that he had seen a vision; he back to the Argentine."

the brethren were. He was flayed and knew that God knew it; and he dared Then I said to that great audience

stoned; then he stood before the great not deny it, because he knew that by of over 2,000: "Which one of you, if

governor Festus and King Agrippa, in so doing he would offend God and called upon, could come and occupy bonds, and they desired to hear from come under his condemnation. (See this pulpit and testify that you know

Paul. Joseph Smith 2:25.) beyond any shadow of doubt that this

There Paul related his marvelous I would like to say to all those who work is divine, that it is the work of experience, for he knew other than by are within the sound of my voice this God, the Eternal Father, that Jesus hearsay that Jesus was the Christ. day, and who are not members of this is the Christ, and that Joseph Smith

June 1968 99 was his prophet?"As far as I could when Jesus said to his disciples: thou, Simon Barjona: for flesh and

tell, there wasn't one hand that didn't "Whom do men say that I the Son of blood hath not revealed it unto thee, go up. man am? but my Father which is in heaven."

If I were to ask that same question "And they said, some say that thou (Matt. 16:1317.)

here today, there wouldn't be a hand art... one of the prophets.. By that same power we know other

in these 10,000 present that wouldn't "... But whom say ye that I am?"than by hearsay that this work is

go up and bear witness that God has And Peter answered, "Thou art the divine, and that is my witness to you manifest the truth of this work unto Christ, the Son of the living God."this day in the name of the Lord Jesus

them other than by hearsay, just as And then Jesus said. "Blessed art Christ. Amen. O

"Can There Any Good Thing Come Out of Nazareth?"

Thomas S. Monson

Of the Council of the Twelve

#Two thousand years ago the Son of Shall we, too, join Nathanael? Come First let us turn to him of whom

Man was born into a world like ours and see. Jesus himself spoke: "Verily I say unto

asunder. Sixtythree years had passed Could Nazareth be so honored? you, among them that are born of

since Roman legions under Pompey Nazareth, the most disregarded valley women there hath not risen a greater had conquered Palestine and taken in a despised province of a conquered than John the Baptist...."(Matt.

Jerusalem. The helmets, broadswords, land? 11:11.) John, "the Baptist,"stands

and eagles of the Roman legionary Nazareth, just 80 miles from Jeruforth like a colossus from the bleakness were everywhere to be seen. The opsalem, was situated on the main trade and confusion—the "wilderness"of his

pressive yoke of the Caesars was uniroute that ran from Damascus through own age. Knowing that one "mightier

versally felt. the Galilean cities to the Mediterthan he"was coming, he threw himDeep in the depths of human hearts ranean coast at Acre. This, however, self with superhuman fervor into the

there dwelt a longing, even a yearnwas not to be the village's claim to task of "making straight the way."His

ing, for the advent of the promised fame. Nor was its glory to be found was the agony, and the distinction, of

Messiah. When will he come? This in the beauty of its environs. Nazareth being both an end and a beginning.

was the unanswered question on the was the scene of more lasting events Astride the watershed of time, he lips of the righteous. and profound consequence than routes could look back on a long line of

Generations had lived and died since of trade or landscapes of beauty. prophets—his spiritual forebears. Letthe Prophet Isaiah had declared: "BeTo a city of Galilee, called Nazareth, ting his eye range over the fertile

hold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear came the Angel Gabriel, sent from plains ahead, he was the first to see a son...."(Isa. 7:14.) ",.. the govGod. To a virgin whose name was that Light to which he would bear

ernment shall be upon his shoulder: Mary, he declared, "Fear not, Mary: witness.

and his name shall be called Wonfor thou hast found favour with God. "And it came to pass in those days,

derful, Counsellor, The mighty God, "And, behold, thou shalt conceive that Jesus came from Nazareth of

The everlasting Father, The Prince of in thy womb, and bring forth a son, Galilee, and was baptized of John in

Peace."(Isa. 9:6.) and shalt call his name Jesus. Jordan."(Mark 1:9.)

With such a promise ringing in his "He... shall be called the Son of "And John bare record, saying, I

ears, can you and I appreciate the... God."(Luke 1:3032.) saw the Spirit descending from heaven

supreme joy and overwhelming exultaAfter the birth of the Christ Child, like a dove, and it abode upon him.

tion that coursed through one called and following the flight into Egypt, "... he that sent me to baptize with

Philip when he heard the Savior of the sacred record reveals, "And he water, the same said unto me, Upon the world speak unto him those imcame and dwelt in a city called whom thou shalt see the Spirit demortal words, that divine injunction, Nazareth: that it might be fulfilled scending, and remaining on him, the

"Follow me"? The dawn of promise which was spoken by the prophets, He same is he which baptizeth with the

had dispelled the night of despair. The shall be called a Nazarene."(Matt. Holy Ghost.

King of kings, the Lord of lords had 2:23.) "And I saw, and bare record that

come. In Nazareth, the boy Jesus grew this is the Son of God."(John 1:32Such knowledge could not be hid- "in wisdom and stature, and in favour 34.)

den, nor could Philip of Bethsaida with God and man."(Luke 2:52.) From Nazareth came the perfect onekeep to himself such glad tidings. From Nazareth came he who made to be baptized—an example for all.

"Philip findeth Nathanael, and saith blind men see, lame beggars walk Second, let us turn to Judea and exunto him, We have found him, of even the dead live. He set before us amine the testimony of one who was

whom Moses in the law, and the an example to emulate. He lived the born blind—him for whom it was

night. Butprophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, perfect life. He taught the glad tidalways night. No day—just

the son of Joseph. ings which changed the world. Let let him provide his own account

"And Nathanael said unto him, Can us examine more closely and indihow darkness was turned to light.

there any good thing come out of vidually these epochal events, that we Astonished neighbors, noting his newly

Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, may know for ourselves if any good acquired vision, asked: "Is not this

Come and see."(John 1:4546.) thing came out of Nazareth. he that sat and begged?...

100 Improvement Era 1 he said, "... others said, He is like him: U iMom, I'm not afraid to die,'

but he said, I am he.

"Therefore said they unto him, How 'for I'm square with God.'"

were thine eyes opened?

"... A man that is called Jesus

made clay, and anointed mine eyes, such divine guidance been more read them. One carried the message:

and said unto me, Go to the pool of desperate. "We love you, Paul. We're praying for

Siloam, and wash: and I went and Lessons from Nazareth, Capernaum, you."It was signed by members of

washed, and I received sight."(John Jerusalem, and Galilee transcend the his Sunday School class. Another ex-

9:8-11.) barriers of distance, the passage of pressed the wish, "May you get well

When the disbelievers urged, "Give time, the limits of understanding, and soon. We think you're great."This

God the praise: we know that this man bring to troubled hearts a light and a from his schoolmates at high school.

is a sinner,"he rejoined: "Whether he way. Still another from home teachers had

be a sinner or no, I know not: one With sorrow we read each day of the inscription, "May God bless you.

thing I know, that, whereas I was young men and those not so young Tomorrow we'll visit you again."

blind, now I see."(John 9:2425.) who bravely die, who give their all What did the Carpenter from

From Nazareth came sight. upon the altar of freedom. Nazareth say of such? "Inasmuch as ye

Next, let us journey to Bethesda to In a hurried moment, one such took have done it unto one of the least of inquire of him who now walks, but who in hand a stubby pencil, a scrap of these my brethren, ye have done it for 38 long years walked not. "When paper, and wrote to anxious love, unto me."(Matt. 25:40.)

Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he "Soon we go into battle. The enemy is The spirit of prayer came easy that

had been now a long time in that well fortified; loss of life will be heavy. day. A perfect peace filled the room.

case, he saith unto him, Wilt thou Mom, I hope I live, but I'm not afraid Smiles of confidence crept across lips be made whole?"The impotent man's to die, for I'm square with God."moist with tears. From distant

reply of frustration, mingled with Mother received the precious note. Capernaum we seemed to hear the

hope, was met with the gentle, yet On the same day another message echo, "Be not afraid, only believe."

divine command, "Rise, take up thy arrived. "We regret to inform you Then Paul said, "I'll be all right."

bed, and walk."(John 5:6, 8.) that your son has been killed in Today Paul Van Dusen is in atFrom Nazareth to a withered body action."tendance at this session of conference

came new strength. Friends visited, loved ones comin this historic Tabernacle. Today he

Jesus of Nazareth restored sight, reforted, but peace came only from him walks, runs, hikes, and swims. An

moved lameness, but could it be true who called Nazareth his home. artificial limb makes this possible.

that he raised the dead to life? All battles are not fought in farBut behind it all one sees a faithfilled

In Capernaum, Jairus, a ruler of the away places with strange sounding heart and a countenance that reflects synagogue, came to the Master, saying, names. Nor do the participants bear gratitude. Faith in whom? Gratitude

"My little daughter lieth at the point arms, hurl grenades, or drop bombs. for what?

of death: I pray thee, come and lay A few months past I witnessed such

thy hands on her, that she may be a conflict—not in the steaming jungles "Jesus of Nazareth, Savior and King!

healed; and she shall live."Then of Vietnam, but on the fourth floor of Triumphant over death, Life thou

came the news from the ruler's house, the Los Angeles Orthopedic Hospital. didst bring.

"Thy daughter is dead,"to which the There were no shrill sounds of mortar Leaving thy Father's throne, On earth

Christ replied: "Be not afraid, only fire to be heard, no disarray of men to live,

believe."He came to the house, and equipment to be seen. Yet a life Thy work to do alone, Thy life to

passed by the mourners and said to or death struggle was in progress. give."

them, "Why make ye this ado, and Happy, handsome Paul Van Dusen, (Hugh W. Dougall, Hymns, 86.)

weep? the damsel is not dead, but age 15, had just lost the first skirmish

sleepeth."with the dreaded foe called cancer. Can any good thing come out of

And they laughed him to scorn, Paul loved life. He excelled in Nazareth?

knowing that she was dead. And he sports. He and his parents hoped, From Nazareth came example.

put them all out, and took her by the then prayed, that the doctors'fears From Nazareth came sight.

hand, and called, saying, "Maid, arise."would not be confirmed—that his From Nazareth came strength.

"And straightway the damsel arose, precious right leg would not be ampuFrom Nazareth came life.

and walked.... And they were astontated. Shattered and stunned, they From Nazareth came faith.

ished...."(Mark 5:23, 3542.) accepted the sad news. To save his From Nazareth came peace.

From Nazareth came life where once life, he must lose his leg. From Nazareth came courage.

there was death. And with that mirThe surgery completed, Paul rested. From Nazareth came Christ.

acle came the perfect pattern whereby Entering the room, I was attracted To him Nathanael declared, "...

our own lives may be made fruitful: immediately by his cheerful and inthou art the Son of God; thou art the

"Be not afraid, only believe."(Mark fectious grin. He breathed hope. He King of Israel."(John 1:49.) To you

5:36.) emanated goodness. I testify, he is Lord of lords, King of

Out of Nazareth and down through The crisp, white sheet lay noticeably kings, Precious Savior, Dear Redeemer the generations of time come his exflat where once there was a leg.—Jesus Christ of Nazareth. There is

cellent example, his welcome words, Flowers from friends bedecked his none other name under heaven given his divine deeds. bedside. Parents, grateful for his life, among men whereby we must be

They inspire patience to endure afstood close by. saved. May we live his teachings, may

fliction, strength to bear grief, courage I noticed a cord strung along the we emulate his example, may we folto face death, and confidence to meet exercise bar stretching the length of low in his footsteps to life eternal, I life. In jthis world of chaos, of trial, the bed. Gaily colored cards covered pray humbly, in the sacred name of

of uncertainty, never has our need for the entire span. Paul invited me to Jesus Christ, the Lord. Amen. O

June 1968 101 Sunday Afternoon Session, April 1, 1968

"Seek Learning, Even by Study, and Also by Faith"

Harold B. Lee

Of the Council of the Twelve V For some reason I have had occasion ages, such as disputations as to the searcheth all things, yea, the deep to recall an experience I had in this mode of baptism, or how one's sins are things of God."

Tabernacle several years ago when I remitted, or the various forms of Said he, "Eye hath not seen, nor presided over an afternoon session of church government. But he impressed ear heard, neither have entered into

the Pioneer Stake conference. Our the fact that a new dispensation of the the heart of man, the things which

visitor was President Brigham H. gospel had been ushered in, built upon God hath prepared for them that love

Roberts of the First Council of the a strong "foundation of the apostles him."(See 1 Cor. 2:9-11.)

Seventy. Brother Roberts had just and prophets, Jesus Christ himself as It was a wise prophet who warned

come out of the hospital, where he the chief corner stone."(Eph. 2:20.) his brethren about being content with

had undergone a severe and painful Those called to the ministry rethe teachings of vain men who operation that resulted in the amputaceived two significant instructions by hearken not unto the counsels of God.

tion of part of his foot. When I asked revelation as to how they should be "O that cunning plan of the evil one!

him if he felt up to speaking in the prepared for the ministry to which they the vainness, and the frailties, and

Tabernacle, which is always an extra were called in this restored Church of the foolishness of men! When they

pressure, as 40 or more of us here today Jesus Christ. The doctrines of the kingare learned they think they are wise,

can testify, he said after some thought, dom and the ordinances of the temple and they hearken not unto the counsel "I understand there is an official were instituted, the Lord said, that of God, for they set it aside, supposing

Church stenographer to take down the they might be "instructed more perthey know of themselves, wherefore, sermons delivered there. I have a feelfectly in theory, in principle, in doctheir wisdom is foolishness and it

ing that some of our members are trine, in the law of the gospel, in all profiteth them not. And they shall

philosophies perish."pertain of the world that the things unto the kingdom following

..."of slipping for you. from danger are expedient that and are in of God, Then this great prophetteacher put

their moorings in the fundamental (D&C 88:78.) the learning of men and the wisdom of

doctrines as taught by our early leadThen President Roberts read that God in their proper relationship when ers. I have felt that there are a few oftrepeated passage which has been he declared, "But to be learned is good

things I would like to speak where they mentioned two or three times in this if they hearken unto the counsels of can be recorded, things which might conference, that teachers of the gospel God."(2 Ne. 9:2829.)

be read after I am gone."were to interest themselves in secular Fortunately there are great men

Now you can understand how I felt learning in all fields. After he had schooled in worldly learning who attest

about that stake conference session, to said this, he then quoted another proto the need of a kind of learning that listen to this message that he was found statement addressed to all others comes beyond secular knowledge. May

addressing to me and to all of my who "hath not faith."Possibly this 1 illustrate a few.

generation to be read after he had meant, in its broadest sense, those who A letter from Colonel Edward H.

gone. Somehow what he said on that had not yet matured in their religious White, a national hero who eventually

occasion has come back to me again convictions. This is what the Lord gave his life while engaging in an

and again recently, and the Lord willsaid: "And as all have not faith, seek experiment designed for exploration of

ing, I should like to introduce a part ye diligently and teach one another outer space, was printed in the local of what he said and then add to it words of wisdom; yea, seek ye out of press a few years ago. In answer to

some of my own reflections. the best books words of wisdom; seek an inquiry as to his beliefs in law and

He began with a recital of the statelearning, even by study and also by order in the universe, he answered in ments of scientists which indicated a faith."(D&C 88:118.) this rather unusual way: "I believe

marked trend of socalled knowledge Now, with that as the introductory that law and order exist in God's creaaway from a belief in God and to part of what I would wish to say, I tions, and that God has surely given deny the continuance of the universe; would like to address myself to that life to others outside our earth. In

and with that, of course, would fall all last thought, "seek learning, even by our vast universe there are no fewer hope of immortality and eternal life, study and also by faith."This was a than billions and billions of solar

promised in the revelations of God. call to higher wisdom that had been systems comparable to our own—in

He spoke for about half of the sestrumpeted through all the ages by the dimension and magnitude far beyond sion, and his strength was waning. He prophets. The apostle Paul asked this the ability of the finite mind to

turned to the Tabernacle Choir memsoul-searching question: "For what comprehend. 'Out there'could be

bers who were there and asked if the}'man knoweth the things of a man, places where life, similar to our own, would sing while he recovered some of save the spirit of man which is in perhaps superior or perhaps inferior, his strength. After a few moment's him?"and then he declared that most may be a reality. We would be rather

rest he then addressed himself to the profound statement to all those who egotistical to believe that ours is the most glorious part of his whole sermon. would drink more deeply of inspired only life among all those possible

He spoke of the restoration of the goswisdom than merely the teachings of sources."

pel of Jesus Christ as not merely men: "But God hath revealed them How accurately this man's learning

sweeping away the rubbish of past unto us by his Spirit: for the Spirit by faith has brought him into full

102 Improvement Era accord with what the Lord declared in we are told by the Lord, was transworking of miracles, which of course is a great revelation to his prophet lated by the Prophet "through the an evidence of the wisdom of God

Moses: "And worlds without number mercy of God, by the power of God"working through men, the prophet

have I created; and I also created them (D&C 1:29), and "the interpretation Nephi declared: "And now it came to

for mine own purpose; and by the thereof by the gift of God."(Title pass that according to our record, and

Son I created them, which is mine page of Book of Mormon.) we know our record to be true, for

Only Begotten. The Prophet Joseph Smith tells us behold, it was a just man who did

"And the first man of all men have something of the process by which keep the record—for he truly did many

I called Adam, which is many."(Moses knowledge by faith may come: "A miracles in the name of Jesus; and

1:3334.) person may profit by noticing the first there was not any man who could do

Moses was not an astronomer. He intimation of the spirit of revelation; a miracle in the name of Jesus save he

tells us that he "beheld the earth, yea, for instance, when you feel pure inwere cleansed every whit from bis even all of it; and there was not a telligence flowing into you, it may iniquity."(3 Ne. 8:1.)

particle of it which he did not behold, give you sudden strokes of ideas, so Thus, you see, such heavenly gifts of discerning it by the spirit of God."that by noticing it, you may find it the Spirit are only to be enjoyed by

(Moses 1:27.) fulfilled the same day or soon; (i.e.) those who have learned by faith and

Colonel White concluded with this those things that were presented unto living worthily to receive the right to declaration of his own personal faith: your minds by the Spirit of God, will exercise these divine powers. To one

"As to evidence of God's presence durcome to pass; and thus by learning the who would be so taught, remember the

ing our journey in space and during Spirit of God and understanding it, Lord's command: "Search diligently,

the short period that 'I walked in you may grow unto the principle of pray always, and be believing, and space,'I did not feel any nearer to revelation, until you become perfect all things shall work together for your him there than here, but I do know in Christ Jesus."(Joseph Fielding good, if ye walk uprightly and rememthat his sure hand guided us all the Smith, Teachings of the Prophet ber the covenant wherewith ye have

way during that fourday mission."Joseph Smith, p. 151.) covenanted one with another."(D&C

Presumably he is telling us that he A similar comment will illustrate 90:24.)

was guided by faith in God, which the working of the Spirit of God or the Our own Prophet who gave us the transcended his scientific knowledge. light which lightens every person who first revelations of this dispensation

One of our own great scientists, Dr. comes into the world, as a man of scisaid, "We would say to the brethren,

Henry Eyring, in the field of physical ence not of the Church would define seek to know God in your closets, call chemistry, a few years ago wrote an it. Some years ago in a class of upon him in the fields. Follow the diarticle for one of our Church periodiseminary teachers at Brigham Young rections of the Book of Mormon, and

cals under the heading "Myriads of University, Dr. Edwin D. Starbuck, a pray over, and for your families, your

Worlds."University of Iowa professor, remarked cattle, your flocks, your herds, your

He quotes from a professoremeritus that "every great scientific discovery corn, and all things that you possess;

of astronomy at Harvard University came as an intuition to the mind of ask the blessings of God upon all your [Harlow Shapley], in which the prothe discoverer."When he explained labors, and everything that you engage

fessor declares that out of the millions what he meant by intuition, his stuin. Be virtuous and pure; be men of

of suns, at least one sun in a dents said they called it inspiration. integrity and truth; keep the comthousand would have acquired planets, The professor said that a careful mandments of God; and then you will

and that of those with planets at least search of the records and a contact be able more perfectly to understand one in a thousand has a planet the with great living scientific discoverers the difference between right and wrong right distance for life. And then Dr. made by him "explained that the—between the things of God and the

Eyring wrote: "Thus one concludes that scientist studies his problem, saturates things of men; and your path will be

there should be at the very minimum his mind with it, puzzles over it, like that of the just, which shineth one hundred million planets in space dreams about it, but seems to find brighter and brighter unto the perfect which could support life, and the progress impossible, blocked, as it were, day."(Teachings of the Prophet

number is probably many times more. by a black impenetrable wall. Then Joseph Smith, p. 247.)

Thus, from the scientific point of at last and suddenly as if 'out of the Yes, as our great Tabernacle Choir view, it is hard to doubt that there are nowhere'comes a flash of light, the has just sung, God isn't in the earthmyriads of worlds suitable for human answer to his quest. His mind is now quake; he isn't in the whirlwind; he

habitation.... illumined by a great discovery."The isn't in the fire; but he is in the still,

"The mysteries of the universe lead professor was positive that no great small voice. Always we won't have

most men to worship the Supreme discovery had been made by pure him in sight, but if we are living as

Intelligence who designed it all."reasoning. Reason would lead to the we ought to live, we can always be sure

Then mark you this next statement borderland of the unknown, but it he is there. Some of the most severe

from Dr. Eyring: "However, the great could not tell what was within. taskmasters that the world can know

blessing of the Gospel is the additional Certainly learning by faith is not are sometimes beating us into a shape avenues it opens up for developing this an easy road or a lazy means to knowlso we can pass such tests as necessary faith into a perfect knowledge. Now, edge. For instance, a prophet tells to gain that divine privilege.

as always, sure knowledge of spiritual us there are times when no miracles I bear you my testimony that the matters can only come by faith, by can be found among the people: "And Master, as the apostle Paul spoke of

prayer, and by living in such a way the reason why he ceaseth to do mirahim, "Though he were a Son, yet as to have the companionship of the cles among the children of men is learned he obedience by the things

Holy Ghost as is promised to all the because that they dwindle in unbelief, which he suffered;

faithful."(The Instructor, November and depart from the right way, and "And being made perfect, he be1961, p. 373.) know not the God in whom they came the author of eternal salvation

The great volume of American hisshould trust."(Morm. 9:20.) unto all them that obey him."(Heb.

tory known as the Book of Mormon, And then concerning directly the 5:8-9.) -+

June 1968 103 I know this through the refining I am conscious of his presence much is closer to the leaders of this Church processes of some severity. May I not of the time when I have needed him than you have any idea. Listen to the

fail whatever test the Lord may have to most; I have known it out of the leaders of this Church and follow

qualify me for the place which I am whisperings of the night, the imprestheir footsteps in righteousness, if you now occupying. With all my soul sions of the daytime when there were would learn not only by study but also

and conviction, and knowing the serithings for which I was responsible and by faith, which testimony I bear most ousness and import of that testimony, on which I could receive guidance. So humbly and sincerely in the name of

I tell you that I know that he lives. I testify to you and tell you that he the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. O

tftf Why Temples

EIRay L. Christiansen

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve J

Seventyfive years ago yesterday, the phites were a templebuilding people. it as his house. This glorious vision

magnificent Salt Lake Temple, which The record states: was followed by personal visitations of

stands on this block, was dedicated to "And I, Nephi, did build a temple; Moses, Elias, and Elijah, who appeared

the Lord. An indispensable part of and I did construct it after the manner in succession, and each one of them

the Lord's work and purposes is carof the temple of Solomon save it were committed the keys of this dispensaried on in holy temples. not built of so many precious things; tion, which he rightfully held, into the

Today, it seems to me, more and for they were not to be found upon hands of the Prophet Joseph Smith, j more people are interested in the temthe land...."(2 Ne. 5:16.) saying: "Therefore, the keys of this

ples erected by the Latterday Saints. Following the pattern of biblical dispensation are committed into your

Invariably, interested persons ask this times, the Lord has commanded the hands; and by this ye may know that

question: "Why do you people build Saints of the latter days to erect temthe great and dreadful day of the Lord

5 these temples?"The answer is, "The ples to his name. (See D&C 57:3.) The is near, even at the doors."(D&C

Lord commanded that they be built."first to be completed in this dispensa110:16.)

There is ample evidence that whention was dedicated in 1836 at KirtCan we realize fully the significance ever the higher priesthood has been land, Ohio. (See D&C 95 and 97.) of these personal visitations and of

upon the earth, and when his people Even though money was scarce, having the keys of this dispensation have proven their allegiance to his members were few, and persecution committed into the hands of those laws and commandments, the Lord has was unrelenting, in building the Kirtchosen men? But think of it: These

required them to build temples. These land Temple the people had the coursame keys, all of them, are vested in

temples are dedicated to him and are age to match their faith! Seldom has a the prophet of this day—our beloved

sacred precincts wherein the Lord may people shown greater unity and made President David O. McKay!

reveal important knowledge essential greater sacrifices for a common cause Less than two years after the temto the full salvation of his children. than was shown in completing that ple was completed, the Saints were

In the words of the Lord, temples temple. forced to leave Kirtland, and only

are built so "that I may reveal mine Edward Tullidge wrote in 1877: three years later the Lord called upon

ordinances therein unto my people.""With very little capital except his people to build in Nauvoo a

(D&C 124:40.) brains, bone, and sinue combined with temple for "The Most High to dwell

Even while the children of Israel unwavering trust in God, men and therein,"for he said:

traveled through the wilderness, they women and even children worked with "... there is not a place found on

were commanded to build a portable their might... all living as abearth that he may come to and restore

tabernacle (which served temporarily stemiously as possible so every cent again that which was lost unto you, as a temple). In it sacred ordimight be appropriated to the grand or which he hath taken away, even

nances were administered for the object, while their energies were stimuthe fulness of the priesthood.

benefit and blessing of the people. lated by the prospect of participating "For a baptismal font there is not

While it is true that ancient Israel in the blessing of a house built under upon the earth, that they, my saints, did not have the fullness of ordinances the direction of the Most High and may be baptized for those who are as we have toaay, tneir similarity, accepted by Him."(Women of Mordead

nevertheless, is striking. The magmonism [1877 Edition], p. 82.) "For this ordinance belongeth to my

nificent structure built by King SoloEvidently the Kirtland Temple was house, and cannot be acceptable to mon about 1000 B.C., and later the not designed structurally for such ordime, only in the days of your poverty

temple known as Jerubabal, and the nances as baptisms or endowments wherein ye are not able to build a temple built during the reign of King for the dead, but rather as an aphouse unto me.

Herod the Great were erected by great propriate place in which certain of "And verily I say unto you, let this numbers of dedicated people. It is those chosen for the work in the house be built unto my name, that I

said that after the heavy labor and ministry were endowed with essential may reveal mine ordinances therein enormous personal sacrifices involved, blessings, keys, and power from on unto my people;

the people wept and rejoiced at the high. In it the Savior appeared in "For I deign to reveal unto my

completion of these structures. person to the Prophet Joseph Smith church things which have been kept

Throughout their history, the Neand Oliver Cowdery, and he accepted hid from them before the foundation

104 Improvement Era of the world, things that pertain to the dispensation of the fulness of times."

(D&C 124:2730, 4041.)

Since the restoration of the gospel, the Church has erected 15 temples, 13 of which are now in operation days LEADERSHIP and evenings, with the volume of work done in them constantly increasing.

In fact, in endowments and sealings alone, there were in 1967 nearly oneDeseret News Press half ordinances million more admin1600 Empire Road istered the previous year. than in

As you know, the sites for two new Salt Lake City, Utah temples have been selected and the 84104 plans are nearing completion. Incidentally, I have learned that without

any personal contacts being made, the members of one ward in one of these new temple areas provided in one week more than 130 percent of their share of the suggested financial contribution.

The Latterday Saints do not build temples merely to be admired for their architectural and structural beauty;

neither are they built as places for ordinary worship. Temples are erected

and specially dedicated for the express purpose of administering the ordinances of the holy priesthood—all for

the edification and endowment of the faithful sons and daughters of God. Our modern web offset equipment produces

Many people, even some in the over 1,000,000 magazines each month.

Church, do not realize that these temple ordinances have come to us by revelation from the Lord, who said:

servant will show "And I unto my After Graduation, What? to this all things pertaining Joseph

house, and the priesthood thereof, and Train for Exciting Spiace Age Careers in:

the place whereon it shall be built."

(D&C 124:42.) Fashion Airline

These ordinances of the priesthood Merchandising Preparatory their purpose administered, are and Fashion Buyer Stewardess termed taught, be might in what "closed revelation,"that is, they are Sales Promotion Receptionist not revealed to the unprepared world Interior Decorator Reservationist in the ordinary way. Those who enter Fashion Stylist Communications Expert

Professional ] Modelinq Executive Fashion Photographic Secretarial

Model Executive Secretary Television Model 'Medical Secretary

Motion Picture Model J Dental Secretary

By Which to Walk 1243 East 21st South

By Iris W. Schow j SEND ME YOUR FREE BROCHURE. Salt LakePhoneCity,4870653Utah 84106

j NAME AGE Faith is a foothold on the surg- | ADDRESS ing sea, I CITY STATF 7IP The latchstring out upon the unseen door, tentlyNotice:hadThethePatriciawrongStevensaddress.ad Theon pageaddress81, AprilaboveEra,is inadvercorrect.

The certitude that a safe harbor waits Where one beholds no shore. Areat leastyou 30moving?days Toin advance.be sure youSendwon'tyourmissnewartyaddress,copies includingof the ERA,ZIP pleasecode, notifyplus theus

label address last issue (or your from of a copy it) with the former address and code on it, Era, numbers to The St., Improvement State 79 So. Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

June 1968 105 the temple "hungering and thirsting,"All who live or who have lived in forth in the resurrection of the just.

as it were, have revealed to them mortality will, through the power of "These are they whose bodies are knowledge and understanding of their the Redeemer, be resurrected in due celestial, whose glory is that of the relationship to God, and they learn time. All will live forever! All will sun, even the glory of God, the highest

what they need to do to gain the receive some degree of salvation, if the of all "(D&C 76:6465, 70.)

greatest gift of God—eternal life and right to it has not been forfeited. But Thus, the temple ordinances give

exaltation with their loved ones. Thus, those who receive the ordinances of the promise of eternal intellectual

one might in reverence refer to the the endowment and are properly sealed growth and development, of endless temple as the "university of the Lord."or married and who keep the covenants blessings, and of continued association

And because God is just, the temple they made with the Lord are promised with those we love.

ordinances are administered not only by him that "these are they who shall I testify that the ordinances adminfor the living but also by proxy for have part in the first resurrection. istered in the temple are divinely given,

their deceased relatives. "These are they who shall come in the name of Tesus Christ. Amen. O

Honor Thy Father and Thy Mother

A. Theodore Tuttle

Of the First Council of the Seventy

9 My dear brethren and sisters: your peers in the thoughts just quoted? Young lady, how do you measure up

An English teacher at Ricks College Are you missing the opportunity of to these questions:

returned a composition to a young man bringing joy to your parents? Are 1. Do you carry your share of the

with this comment, "This is poetic you robbing yourselves "of a parent's household duties?

and lovely—largely because of evident pride"? 2. Do you have really good visits

sincerity. Please give it to your dad."Can you who are still at home with your mother about life and love

While it has more value for young doing the chores and meeting responsiand things?

people, its message is helpful to parbility and keeping the faith—can you 3. Do you do something special for

ents as well. May I share his thoughtfind joy in these experiences and see a your father just to show your love?

ful reflections with you? little more clearly how fortunate you 4. Do you honor your parents by

Love Lost really are? your modesty of dress and the purity

J "Thinking back on things I thought The Lord has semaphored from of your life?

I used to hate, Sinai a great commandment: "Honour 5. Are you learning how to man-

I at last realize they were the things thy father and thy mother,"and then age and care for a home?

I loved: the Lord included a unique promise, 6. Are you developing your talents

The days I earned my pay at a hundred "that thy days may be long upon the by practice and by sharing?

twenty in the shade, land which the Lord thy God giveth 7. Are you living the laws that will

And smelled the diesel of a tractor thee."(Exod. 20:12.) lengthen your days on the land the

through rising waves of heat; Young man, what are your answers Lord gave you?

to these questions: We have been talking about chil-

"Saving newborn calves 1. Is there honor in your home for dren honoring their parents. I wonder

Wet and freezing from the January those who bore you and reared you? if there is another dimension to this

wind of an open country, 2. Do you show respect and courparents honoring their children. Can

Then watching them frisk when finally tesy to your mother by never speaking you as parents respond to these they struggled through for good. a disrespectful word? questions:

3. Do you see anything wrong with 1. Can you rise to meet the chal-

"I wish I could go back to change being obedient to your parents, who lenge of teaching and guiding your those things are more wise and experienced than own?

Which robbed me of a parent's pride, you? 2. Are you examples of the beTo love those things I once de- 4. Are you maintaining the stanlievers, practicing the virtues of ideal

spised.... dards of virtue, honesty, and service Latterday Saint parents?

I'd love school and church and idle that you have been taught? 3. Are you overly permissive, and

moments. 5. Do you willingly accept the do you allow your children too much

... But most of all I'd love my dad."necessity of chores you have to do, and freedom for their years?

realize that by the very nature of 4. Do you indulge them excessively

I wanted to share this especially chores strength of character and selfas to their physical wants and then expect discipline the the with circumcompletely in youth of develop them to be you? Church—you

Is to struggling there not a great morally? find yourselves; ever the initiative spect take who are 6. Do you

you who want to love your dad and to do the obviously necessary jobs lesson in the wise counsel General give expression to this yearning but around the home? Robert E. Lee is said to have given

who do not quite know how; you who 7. Are you learning to study for to a mother regarding her son, "Teach

are a bit rebellious when counseled yourself (not for the teacher or your him to deny himself"?

or restrained. folks) and to strive for excellence in 5. Do you ask instead of tell your

Can you learn a lesson from one of your learning? children to do something?

106 Improvement Era "He loves us because we are his."

6. When discipline and correction honor to him that we show to our

are necessary, do you reaffirm your earthly parents—respect and obedience.

love by "showing forth afterwards an Some years ago I heard an emiincrease of love toward him whom thou nent child psychologist speak to a hast reproved "? (D&C 121:43.) group of parents. She discussed how

7. Do you teach your children "to to establish the proper relationship

pray and walk uprightly before the between parent and child and gave

Lord,"and also to observe "the sabmany helpful and practical suggesbath day to keep it holy"? tions. At the close of the lecture she

8. Do you read the scriptures in your invited questions from the floor. A

home and reaffirm the authority of young mother, evidently bewildered the scriptures in the lives of your by all she was supposed to do and children? remember, said, "I have not done Prices

9. Do you teach that the foundation many of the things you have suggested. are LOW

of a happy home is laid during preand I am afraid I cannot remember or in Idaho marital days in the virtue and purity do all the things that you have said."

of youthful lives? This master teacher's reply was most Some 50 styles include all L.D.S. temple

10. Parents, do you know where comforting. She said, "Do not worry, designs in white and latest parchments.

your children are each night at ten? my dear; if you really love your chilMatching Mormon albums, napkins, other

11. Do you teach by example and dren, you cannot do anything that will accessories. One day rush order service.

precept that marriage is a sacred and seriously impair their growth and eternal covenant that should be perdevelopment."

formed in the temple of the Lord? It is one of the salient teachings of

is to be family the tell this that frequently 12. your Church you Do

for catalog samples, 25c refunded Send & the in perfected perpetuated and that individually, love children, you if first air order. mail desired.) on (50c will that to eternities and come, we them? 83440 Rexburg, Idaho REXCRAFT,

there relationships family our enjoy that people, do you know Young

- Name Lord's the follow here, do very love parents if we much? as we you your

Many of you remember a story told plan. Address.

in the first Family Home Evening Youth, remember the counsel of the City. Zone. State -

Manual. It concerned a little girl Lord. "Honour thy father and thy

named Kathy, who asked: "Mother, mother: that thy days may be long

why am I so stupid? I got lower upon the land which the Lord thy

marks than any of my friends, and I God giveth thee."(Exod. 20:12.)

missed more spelling words than anyPerhaps we as parents must come one else. I am the dumbest girl in to understand and appreciate that the MEMONEV*

is not of leadership the mantle third grade."the cloak Try Lyman's responsiof but the robe of comfort her mother heard this, she When

too will Perhaps come led we Kathy, her bility. her put arm around to VITAMINS life as this entire on our look back beside to couch, the drew her down

experiences, his youthful looked on will help boy her, "Kathy, and said, we that his composiand lessons come to and know your with more at home you tion has meaning in school. so that do better can you for us. I conclude MINERALS

his words: with things are very do there you can But

well. The fact that you cannot spell Less than 2<: a tablet

means only that you take after your "I wish I could go back to change those father, but you are not stupid. Rethings HIGH POTENCY

member when you came home and Which robbed me of a parent's pride, those love the children, with helped how they To me things I once deALL NATURAL... spised. having tend them!"you enjoyed

Kathy said, "Yes, that is because I'd love school and church and idle Formulated to equal or improve sisters."brothers moments. are and they my

children.. other "Yes, do it for but you. But most of all I'd love my dad."on many tablets selling for 5 or

too."And her mother went on to 6$ each.

tell Kathy how well she succeeded and I bear you my witness that we have Clip and Mail or Write helped in the home. Then her mother a Father in heaven, that he is our

said, "Kathy, you are very special to Father, that we are his children, and Don Lyman, 2431 Highland Drive, us."that he loves us very -much. I bear Salt Lake City, Utah

"Why am I special, Mother?"you my witness that his Only Begotten Please send Daily Supply Tablets,

"You are special because you are Son was sent to this earth to teach us postage free.

salvation; that of he plan the was to ours."tablets --$8.95 50

resurrect; to live, that through to die, As I was relating this story to a OuantitvQuantity l( tgb|ets 1QQ $Lg5

group of missionaries, I received an our repentance and acceptance of the additional insight—I finally underplan of salvation, as taught by this Name....

stood why God loves us. He loves us Church, we could come back into the

because we are his. presence of our Father in heaven, in Address.

He desires that we show the same the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. O City.

State. Zip..J

June 1968 107 "Prepare Ye"

John Longden

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve z In President David O. McKay's keysection of the Doctrine and Covenants: Unexpectedly I visited a home somenote address at the commencement of "The keys of the kingdom of God time ago. In this home was a young

this conference, this statement was are committed unto man on the earth, lady afflicted with a dreadful disease.

made: "One supreme wish in my heart and from thence shall the gospel roll The mother answered the door and

is that the spirit of this conference forth unto the ends of the earth, as said, "Oh, Brother Longden, come in.

could be felt in every home in this the stone which is cut out of the moun- I wondered why I was cleaning the world."I pray for that same influence tain without hands shall roll forth, house so well this morning. I didn't

3 to permeate the homes of the world. until it has filled the whole earth. know a servant of God would be

During this conference, we have "Yea, a voice crying—Prepare ye calling."

again raised our hands to sustain our the way of the Lord, prepare ye the In this home they are already preProphet, the First Presidency, and supper of the Lamb, make ready for pared and doing their bit to help others other General Authc -ities of the the Bridegroom. prepare the way. The gospel of Jesus

Church. We have welcomed into this "Pray unto the Lord, call upon his Christ is their way of life, and it is

group some new young men, and holy name, make known his wonderthat simple.

others have been reassigned, but all ful works among the people. If we are holding a meeting, we prefor one purpose and with one over- "Call upon the Lord, that his kingpare for that. Planning for a trip or

riding call—to be personal representadom may go forth upon the earth, that a vacation, we prepare well in advance.

tives of Jesus Christ on the earth the inhabitants thereof may receive A few months ago I visited a today. it, and be prepared for the days to mortuary in respect to a choice lady

It's a fair guess to say that throughcome, in the which the Son of Man whom I had known for many years.

out the Church today there will be shall come down in heaven, clothed in In visiting with some of her children, several thousand people, young and the brightness of his glory, to meet the one of the daughters said, "Mother was old, called to positions of leadership kingdom of God which is set up on prepared to die, but Mother was preand service in their respective branches, the earth. pared to live all her life."Knowing

wards, stakes, and missions. "Wherefore, may the kingdom this lady, I concurred in this sincere

May I suggest that there is a solemn of God go forth, that the kingdom of tribute. Because of this one woman,

duty upon both groups to bring beautiheaven may come, that thou, O God, many lives were better prepared to ful, spiritual peace to the earth. mayest be glorified in heaven so on live.

The Lord, speaking to the Prophet earth, that thine enemies may be subThe Lord, speaking to the Prophet

Joseph Smith, said: "Prepare ye, dued; for thine is the honor, power and Joseph Smith in 1832, said:

prepare ye for that which is to come, glory, forever and ever. Amen."And all things shall be in commofor the Lord is nigh."(D&C 1:12.) (D&C 65:2-6.) tion; and surely, men's hearts shall

The scriptures are replete with adFormer President Eisenhower one fail them; for fear shall come upon

monitions to "prepare ourselves and evening had a few close friends at the all people.

our fellowmen for the good life here White House in Washington, D. C. "An 1 angels shall fly through the

and hereafter."They were discussing world problems. midst of heaven, crying with a loud

"Hearken, and lo, a voice as of one For a long while, the President lisvoice, sounding the trump of God, sent down from on high, who is tened; then he said: saying: Prepare ye, prepare ye, O inmighty and powerful, whose going "My friends, the biggest, most powerhabitants of the earth; for the judgment

forth is unto the ends of the earth, ful weapon in the world is not the of our God is come. Behold, and lo, the

yea, whose voice is unto men—Preatomic bomb, or even the fighting bridegroom cometh; go ye out to meet

pare ye the way of the Lord, make his ability of men. It is their moral and him."(D&C 88:9192.)

paths straight."(D&C 65:1.) spiritual strength. Nothing can ever We can be prepared to meet him,

The preamble to the 65th section to conquer that strength. Remember this, either if we should be called to leave

the Doctrine and Covenants states: gentlemen, because that is the weapon here, or if we should still be here at

"Revelation given through Joseph our enemies really fear."his second coming.

Smith the Prophet,... 1831. The Our message to the world is that Three or four years ago, two young

Prophetprayer.—Commitmentdesignates this ofrevelationthe keysas ofa moralto prepareand thespiritualway. courage are needed highWasatchschoolBoulevardstudentsinwereSalt drivingLake City.on the kingdom of God unto man—The Preparedness has many connotaIt was reported a man under the influkingdom of God and the kingdom of tions, and perhaps each of us thinks ence of liquor, driving the car coming

Heaven named separately—Supplicaof it differently, at the same time in the opposite direction, came over

tion that the kingdom of God, already agreeing on its basic principle. the center line and rammed into their

on earth, may go forth that the kingPreparedness means to get ready for small car. They were killed instantly.

dom of Heaven may come."a given event; if we are entertaining Each of them was a fine young man,

This is scripture and is for all infriends in our homes, we make ready not only holding the office of priest habitants of the world. the home and the refreshments, and so in the Aaronic Priesthood but honoring

The Lord further states in this same forth. that priesthood by the way he lived. I

108 Improvement Era attended the funeral service of one of discourses, "Constancy Amid Change.""But what a responsibility this enthem. Never have I attended one like In the first prayer opening this contails of leading good men and good

it. The chapel and cultural hall were ference, this statement was uttered: women all over the world to know

filled to overflowing, mostly hy young "May we get a stimulation to great God, and to know what their mission people. action."is on earth!"(Instructions to Regional

The remarks of a young student And now in conclusion, may I give Representatives of the Twelve, Septemspeaker impressed upon me the need you a thought from President David ber 2728, 1967.)

for constant preparation, the need to be O. McKay: "Most earnestly do I hope I pray that we will constantly be

constantly prepared. that we shall never lose the great conprepared and know our mission on

He said, addressing his remarks to viction that the world is our field of acearth, and pray for his blessings upon the bereaved parents, "I have never tivity. Can you think of anything more us in the name of the Lord Jesus

seen your son say or do anything you potent in moving a people to action? Christ. Amen. O

would be ashamed of."

Thirtynine years ago, we buried our firstborn. Elder Adam S. Bennion spoke these words at our

daughter's service:

are "There out beyond today for Richard L. Evans

this couple young two gates. They

will choose to open one of them. The The Spoken Word first to the one swings of grief. touch

It will open quickly and easily. It

leads out into doubt and despair, even to bitterness. other gate opens The

slowly, isn't so to more promising look A future where loved ones wait at. It yields to the push of patience.

I'm not sure that it doesn't swing better were scenes of light and triumph, overcoming scenes of darkit to a pull, but if pulled There be may ness, death, and despair. We often see people bereaved and it patience, through to opens hope and

faith and confidence in God, consolawonder how they face the irrevocable fact. But they face it because

tion and mutual benediction. I know life goes on, and because the fact is there to face. They face it with an

these two well people young enough awareness that all of us shall face this ultimate eventuality. We all one to gate will which enter."they know

May I say now, after nearly forty day leave life and loved ones, or our loved ones leave us, and we go years, this is true: pulling on that gate on, calmly as we can, as we must, because we must. "In every... age

of brings spiritual sense a deep peace; the thoughts of men have traveled... beyond the narrow bounds of

it us to has may, helpedcome what ride over several stormy parts of our mortal life,"wrote a distinguished writer, "and, while the mystery of lives. Someone helped prepare the death has been deeply and often tragically felt, it has never been accepted

way for us. What have we done to as a finality in human experience.... The tide of vitality in the heart

others? help be sorrow, There may

.. sou| of and. into past the of death sweeps mystery the unman tragedy, frustration, tencommotion,

... discovered [then] the think of world beyond."dead? strife, sion, 1 "How pressures, shall we troubles, and

problems in this fastmoving world. I can tell you how I think of... [them]. I think that there are no dead;

Yet, gospel in the of Jesus Christ is I think that there is no death;... that life goes on unbroken by what the pattern will comfort, extend which

hope, and peace to the world. Living we call death.... I think of death as a glad awakening from this...

by its tenets, we are prepared to die; life;... as a graduation from this primary department into some higher

but more important, to live eternally. rank... of learning. I think of the dead as possessing a more splendid

Jesus, the scriptures, of parables The filled old new, are with admoniequipment for a larger life and... than was possible to them on earth—

tions to prepare ourselves and help to life in which I shall in due time join them if I am counted worthy of prepare the way for others. their fellowship in the life eternal."2 It is this that sustains us as our

It privilege this morning, was my of this loved ones leave—not the immortality of memory only, but the immorjust before the commencement

conference, to shake hands with a tality of a literal personal continuance. And so we come again to a

former missionary companion. Fortyreaffirmation of faith—faith in the eternal continuance of truth, of intellisix years ago was our first meeting, as gence, of personality, of progress—faith in the eternal plan and purpose

missionary indoctrinated into thehe me service. crossed have many of our Father, who made us in his own image, and whose intent it is Our paths

times. To me he is a living example that we should have everlasting life with our loved ones, with family

of constantly being prepared. He now and friends. As Henry de Lafayette Webster said, "There is a future,

holds the high office of patriarch in the Hunter Stake. O thank God!"3—a future where our loved ones wait.

I am reminded of a series of talks Editorial, The Outlook, March 29, 1902.

given from this podium by a prophet 2Dt. Lyman Abbott, HowShall We Think of the Dead? January 4, 1902.

of the Lord several years ago; his 3Henry de Lafayette Webster, Lorena.

name: Elder Albert E. Bowen. I would Jf "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

remind each of us of the title of these Broadcasting System April 7, 1968. Copyright 1968.

June 1968 109 Be Your Own Boss

Paul H. Dunn

Of the First Council of the Seventy >I am grateful once again, my brethfound that my wife was not there. the mattress, being fearful that I

ren and sisters, to be in this great Here I was, expecting tender love, care, might roll over and touch her.

historic Tabernacle and to enjoy the and understanding, and of all days she The next day added more to our spirit of the conference. I greet all could have picked, this was the one anxieties, and it was not until the

who are listening, both seen and she decided not to be at home. I following night that I gained control

unseen. couldn't imagine why she couldn't read of my compassion and feeling and

I have reflected with great interest my mind. took her by the hand into the living

and personal satisfaction upon the When I arrived home, I settled myroom, where we knelt down together messages of this conference, particuself on the couch, actually growing a and sought our Heavenly Father. The

larly the keynote address by the Presilittle more angry with each moment impression of the great discovery was dent, as he brought to our attention that she was absent. And then finally, that I was able in part to school my

very forcefully the conditions of the after about an hour of anxious waiting, feelings. I had remembered an oath

world and of this nation. she appeared on the scene. Can you and a covenant that I had taken in

One of the things that impressed me imagine what she had been doing? the temple before my Heavenly Father

deeply was the comment that President Shopping! I looked at her somewhat as a husband and as a fatherto-be.

McKay made concerning the need for wonderingly and asked where she had These are great challenges in our selfconquest. He indicated that in been. "Couldn't you be more thoughtlives, brethren and sisters, and I see

the life of our Savior selfcontrol was ful of your husband?"I said. in this a direct relationship to a condivine. I have reflected upon that. She responded, "I couldn't know dition of our nation and of the world,

My mind was brought quickly to the that you were coming home early."that to understand why is to discover

hymn that we often sing, penned by I was still a bit upset. the great eternal truths.

Charles W. Penrose, which suggests She wanted to show me the treasures Not long ago, in fact it was just on

that we school our feelings. Let me she had just purchased, and I wasn't last New Year's eve, a very interesting

just refer to the first verse as perhaps particularly interested. One by one experience unfolded before me that

a text that I would like to develop: she unwrapped the various purchases, brought to my mind again this great

and finally getting to the last she had verse and the comment of our Presi- "School thy feelings, O my brother; saved for the big surprise, she said, dent. One of my very close associates

Train thy warm impulsive soul; "Just wait until you see the material made a promise concerning his new

Do not its emotions smother, that I finally found to cover the year's resolution that I thought was

But let wisdom's voice control. couch."And she showed it to me. very interesting. He swore on that

School thy feelings; there is power She said, "What do you think?"occasion that he would not commit

In the cool, collected mind; I said, "It is terrible."another sin as long as he lived. He

Passion shatters reason's tower, She was hurt, and with her emotions said he had made a lot of mistakes in

Makes the clearest vision blind."showing she left the room. I was still the past, but from that time on he was

(Hymns, 340.) upset, so I let her go. An hour passed. going to exercise perfect selfcontrol.

I thought about that as we listened And you know women sometimes have And then when another acquaintance to the comments of others concerning an interesting way of striking back. It who was standing nearby commenced

the condition of our nation, the riots, was one of my first lessons on this to make fun of him and his resolution, pestilence in the land, some of the subject. Without saying a word, she the first man became so angry that he

concerns that we all have today. It just did not fix my supper. wanted to fight.

is interesting to note that these condiWell, one act begets another, and I Someone has said that "the measure tions start in such small ways, with thought, "Two can play this game."of a man is the things that make him

the individual, in the home. Our So in my moment of real concern, I angry."And I believe that we have

nation and our communities are no started to play the mature adult game plenty of confirmation of this statestronger than the individual or the that sometimes goes on in the homes ment in the life and teachings of Jesus, home and its basic makeup. of people—it is known as the silent as well as in the experiences of other

I hope my wonderful partner will treatment. I didn't talk to her for noble souls who have lived since his

forgive me if I share a little experithe rest of the evening, and she retime.

ence that occurred during our adjustsponded by not answering. We note that, although Jesus

ment period shortly after we were I am sorry to confess to you that warned his disciples against the evil married. I recall that one day as I we retired to our beds that night results of uncontrolled temper, he bewas at my work I felt ill, a little blue, without saying a word, and I was still came angry himself, and on at least

andsensing the need for added physiunfed. That night as I tried to find one occasion he prepared to use force,

cal comfort and attention, I left my comfort and solace in the night, I if necessary, in driving evil practices office a little early to go home. The failed to go to sleep. It was a month from the halls of the temple. (See

heavy traffic of the Los Angeles freelater before I discovered that the two John 2:15.) But think, if you will, of

way did nothing but add to my of us were having a like experience. the size of the things that aroused his

anxieties. When I arrived home, I All night I lay clinging to my side of anger. Men called him the prince of

110 Improvement Era devils, and he paid little attention to at some of the plans that others have shall no doubt be struggling upward their criticism. They had said that he found helpful in controlling temper as to the end of our lives.

was ignorant, but this had not caused well as developing other desirable Sheldon's book In His Steps laid him to lose his temper. They had habits and characteristics. emphasis on the value of picking Jesus

spit in his face, mocked him, hit him, When Colonel Charles Lindbergh Christ as an ideal for every activity of and later even hanged him to the cross, was asked what method he used, he the day, to do as he would do if he but he did not lose control of his said that he came to the conclusion were here today. Reaching back over

feelings. that if he knew the difference between a period of nearly two thousand years,

It was quite different, however, when the right way to do a thing and the to a time when conditionswere quite they criticized him for doing good on wrong way to do it, it was up to him different from those of the present the Sabbath. Realizing that the Sabto train himself to do the right thing day, one senses the difficulty of

bath was made for man, and not man at all times. So he drew up a list of knowing in every case what Jesus

for the Sabbath, he started to heal a characteristics that he wished to dewould do. Yet in the face of this obpoor fellow on the sacred day. And velop and wrote them, one under the stacle, I have a feeling that our very

when he found the crowd in a critical other, on the left side of a sheet of attempt to catch his spirit and follow mood, he "looked round about on them paper. Then each evening he would his example, the example of the greatwith anger...."(Mark 3:5.) read off this entire list of characterisest personality of all time, will prove

So long as men held him up pertics. After those that he felt he had a constant stimulus to higher living in

to ridicule, sonally extent developed during to some paid little athe the the present day.

tention. in a red place the It But day, he would check, and presence of - was Jean Paul Richter who said:

injustice, when men would be unfair after those character factors that he "He is the mightiest among the holy and unkind toward each other, he felt he had violated, he would draw a and the holiest among the mighty. He

threw the influence of his great, black check. Those that he had not has, with his pierced hands, lifted

tempered personality against their evil been called upon to demonstrate that empires off their hinges, turned the practices. No one could hurt him by day would receive no mark. stream of centuries out of its channels,

attempting to punish him as an indiAfter checking himself in this way and still rules the ages."

vidual, but they touched his heart over a definite period of time, he In the words of a great modern rewhen they were cruel to each other. would compare the number of red and ligious leader, David O. McKay,

Let us not confuse the wellblack checks to see whether or not he "Christ's life was a life of unselfish controlled use of unselfish enthusiasm was getting any better. He said that service—always helping those who

with the harsh roaring of a weak, he was generally glad to note imwere living incompletely to live comtempestuous spirit. In the teachings provement as he grew older. He had pletely—his mission was to give them

of Jesus there is a definite place for altogether developed 58 character life. In his life and death, Christ not

the former; there is neither time nor factors, among which were altruism, only fulfilled the law of sacrifice but

place for the latter. "Ye have heard calmness in temper, clean speech, he fulfilled every conceivable condithat it was said to them of old time, justice, modesty, no sarcasm, and tion necessary for man to know in

Thou shalt not kill; and whosoever punctuality. order to rise or progress from earthly

shall kill shall be in danger of the Others have noticed considerable life to eternal life."

judgment: development in character by picking I am convinced, my friends, my

"But I say unto you, That whosoever one person who has achieved an extrabrethren and sisters, that regardless of is angry with his brother... shall be ordinary degree of moral strength and the technique that we may employ,

in danger of the judgment...."(Matt. then by judging all his own actions by there are as many techniques as there

5:2122.) the life of this ideal. Have I been as are individuals hearing my voice; that

Coming back to my friend who good and kind in all of my own dealif we will apply a method, using Jesus became angry, after making the new ings this day as he would have been? Christ as our ideal, we will come to

year's resolution that he was going to If not, then I need to be more careful know that he is the Christ; and that

exercise perfect selfcontrol, I guess the tomorrow. Do I have as perfect conthere is waiting for us, not only in this

poor fellow did not realize that such a trol of my temper, am I as sympalife but in the life to come, peace, joy, goal required determination and a thetic, do I go out of my way as much and eternal happiness.

plan of accomplishment. Sometimes as he does to help someone in trouble? May I too leave my witness in this

one has to work all kinds of tricks on Only when we can say yes to such conference that I know that Jesus is himself to hold his emotions in check. questions dealing with the whole field the Christ, that God lives, that he is

He had set for himself a desirable of moral endeavor may we be satisfied real, that we have a living prophet goal that would be meaningful in the with our accomplishment of selfto direct us'.'I give you my solemn witlives of all of us. control. And if we pick some personness and testimony in the name of

An energetic person works hard and ality that is sufficiently perfect, we Jesus Christ. Amen. O

studies several hours a day sometimes to develop other types of abilities. Is

it not worth some practice to gain control over one's emotions? I believe

that Is it not worth some practice to

I am itquiteis, butsurefromthatmyit ownis noexperienceeasy job.

It is a happy and successful person who gain control over one's emotions?'9

can gain control of his emotions and use them to improve his relationships with others and bring into his own life greater peace, joy, and serenity that are so desperately needed in our world today. Suppose we look for a moment

June 1968 111 Give Concern to the Real Values of Life and Less Time to Those Things That Perish

President David O. McKay

(Read by his son David Lawrence McKay) # With all my heart I rejoice with us to action—a faith that will put lesson in regard to government, not

you, my brethren and sisters, for the purpose into life and courage into the only in quorums of the priesthood, but blessings of the Lord during the inheart. We need the gospel of applialso in our home life, and indeed in

spirational sessions of the past few cation—a gospel that is preached by all phases of association in society.

days. His Spirit has been with us in noble acts that command the attenBrethren and sisters, the gospel is

rich abundance! tion and respect even of enemies. A our anchor. We know what it stands

During these closing moments of mere belief in Jesus as a great teacher, for. If we live it and feel it, if we

this great conference, I pray that the or even as the greatest man who ever speak well of it, of the priesthood, of

Lord will guide and direct me in lived, has proved inadequate in comour families, of our neighbors, we giving you the thoughts that are in bating the ills of society and the world. shall feel happier, and in reality we

my heart. Manifestly, the need of the world shall be preaching the gospel of Jesus

I am grateful and thankful for the and particularly in the light of present Christ. The responsibility has been

admonitions and specific instructions conditions that surround us on every given to us to convey the gospel to our that have been given by the General side—is more than a mere acceptance fellowmen. Some of us wait until

Authorities of the Church. As you of the Man of Galilee as the greatest some special opportunity is given to

can testify, they have been guided and of all men. What is really essential us to proclaim the gospel of Jesus

inspired by the Holy Spirit in their is faith in him as a divine being—as Christ, and yet the duty devolves upon

messages. our Lord and Savior! It is such faith each of us to proclaim that good news

With all my soul, I plead with as the apostle Peter experienced when every day of our lives. We proclaim

members of the Church, and with he declared: "Thou art the Christ, it in our acts—in the home, in busipeople everywhere, to think more about the Son of the living God."(Matt. ness, in social circles, in politics; inthe gospel; more about the develop16:16.) deed, everywhere that we mingle with

ing of the spirit within; to devote Members of the Church are admonmen we have the responsibility resting

more time to the real things in life, ished to acquire truth by study, by upon us to give the good news to the and less time to those things which faith and prayer, and to seek after people of the world.

will perish. everything that is "virtuous, lovely, Let us guard our thoughts and our

I am in hearty accord with the ador of good report or praiseworthy."tongues. One of the best ways of

monitions given during this conference (Article of Faith 13.) building up our home, be it a domicile,

to resist the various temptations in our Schools and churches should radiate a city, a state, or a nation, is always to midst. If members of the Church the fact that there are in life certain speak well of that home, city, state,

would adopt these suggestions, that fundamentals that never change, or nation. Let the tongue be under

alone would be sufficient to make this which are essential to the happiness of control at all times.

people a "light"upon a hill, a light every human soul. Parents and offiGod bless the members of this

that could not be hidden. We refer cers in the Church must teach more Church for their devotion and loyalty,

to such teachings sometimes as "little earnestly and diligently the principles and for their sustaining prayers in things,"but indeed they are the of life and salvation to the youth of behalf of all the General Authorities greatest things in this life. If we were Zion and to the world in order to help and officers. You may know, and I

to pay more attention to such advice, youth keep in proper balance through wish to assure you, that these prayers and devote more study to the modern the formative period of their lives. are effective.

revelations as contained in the Doc- I remind you men who bear the I testify to you, and to all the world, trine and Covenants, we would grow Holy Priesthood to study again that that the inspiration and protecting in appreciation of the magnitude of divine revelation, so simply but powercare of a kind Father in heaven are the great work that has been estabfully expressed, with regard to govreal! He is close to the Church, and I

lished in this dispensation. ernment by the priesthood: know with my whole soul that he is

It is often said that the Church is "No power or influence can or ought not just an absent, faraway source, the greatest thing in the world, and to be maintained by virtue of the as some may think. He is a kind

itit—realizingis! The morehow attentionwell adaptedwe giveit is toto longsuffering,priesthood, only byby gentlenesspersuasion, andby Father,children,solicitousand readyof theandwelfarewillingof histo

our individual life, to our home life, meekness, and by love unfeigned; hear and answer their call. The

and to our social life—the more we "By kindness, and pure knowledge, answer may be negative, as sometimes

study it from the standpoint of scienwhich shall greatly enlarge the soul a wise parent gives a negative answer tific discoveries, from the standpoint without hypocrisy, and without guile to the pleadings of a child, but he is of man's destiny, the more our hearts "Reproving betimes with sharpness, ever ready to hear and to answer at a are made to rejoice for God's goodness when moved upon by the Holy Ghost; time when it is best for the one

to us in giving us the privilege of and then showing forth afterwards an concerned.

knowing the gospel of Jesus Christ. increase of love toward him whom God bless our missionaries who are

What we need today is faith in thou hast reproved, lest he esteem thee in the 78 worldwide missions of the the living Christ, which is more than to be his enemy."(D&C 121:4143.) Church. They are splendid young

a mere feeling, but a power that moves This is a wonderful admonition and men and women, with strong testi112 Improvement Era monies of the gospel, who are rich in faith and who are excellent representatives of the Lord and his Church.

We are proud of them. We are

grateful to our mission presidents and to these missionaries for their willing and able service. We are grateful also

for the fathers and mothers and others who support these missionaries.

Words cannot express the heartache and the sorrow that we feel for the sufferings that have come to some homes because of the casualties of war. Our prayers are ever with our

young men who are offering their all for human freedom and other inherent rights of man. My heart is

filled with thankfulness and gratitude as I listen to reports that have been brought directly to me of their faith in God, of their loyalty, and of the long distances they travel to attend

Church meetings. Think what an assurance in Christ, their Redeemer,

means to them while they are enduring the temptations, hardships, and horrors of war! It gives them comfort

in the hour of homesickness or discouragement; it makes more effective

their determination to keep morally clean and fit for service; it gives them

courage in the performance of duty;

it awakens hope when they are ill or wounded; and if and when they might

face the inevitable, it fills their souls with the peaceful confidence that as

Christ lived after death so shall they!

May God bless and protect these men in the armed forces.

God bless you Regional Representatives, stake presidents, bishops, and all officers in the Church who are serving and giving of your time and means for the upbuilding of God's kingdom.

May you fathers and mothers beblessed in your homes; may you seek DDQQQ DD

for wisdom and understanding to give to your children health and charDDDD DC acter, spotless and unstained. The greatest duty that fathers and mothers DDDD DDu

have to perform is the religious training and development of their child's DQDDDDDDDC character. May God be with each of you and DDDDDDDDDO

all people everywhere. May we turn to him and seek for the better and DDDDDODDDC

more spiritual values of life. He is

our Father; he knows our desires and

our hopes; and he will help us if we

will but seek him and learn of his ways.

My prayerful blessings go with you as you return to your homes. God help

us all to discharge our responsibilities by making an environment in home, in school, in Church, and in our communities that will be uplifting, wholesome, and faithinspiring, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

June 1968 113 Adventures in Adoption

By Vernon Lynn Tyler

We were told, some three years natural families. And in a religious

ago, that we would not be able to frame of reference, even more than Vernonleased bishopLynn Tyler,of therecentlyPioneerresee the newly born twins who were in society, children arc to be (1) (Provo) Ward, is a coordinator to become our son and daughter accepted—received with consent; ofChurchreligiousSchooleducationSystem andin thethe

father of four adopted children.until we either accepted or re- (2) confirmed—established in the

jected them to be legally ours byhome; and (3) approved—esteemed

adoption. and admired in a given place. ing of adoption that the great prinThe only response we could feel Joseph Smith used the term ciples of family relationships in the

was, "Well, who sees their babies adoption in this manner when he eternities are unfolded.

before they are born? Is it not wrote, in his Views of the Powers Several incidences of adoption

always a sightunseen affair?"Are and Policy of the Government of are found in sacred writings. The

we not all adopted—in a certain the United States, that Texas might Savior himself was adopted by his

sense—by our mortal parents "sight petition Congress to be adopted foster father, Joseph. Mary was

unseen"? The coming of all chilamong the sons of liberty, to rethe Savior's natural mother; his

dren is an adventure in adoption. ceive the hand of fellowship. father was our Heavenly Father.

We approached the adventure The need for total acceptance of It is quite evident that God has with some degree of bias, for our children in the home is given conchosen to send each of his spirit case was in some respects different, siderable emphasis in modernchildren to receive mortal taberyet not unlike that of other adopday adoption proceedings through nacles under circumstances quite tive parents. We had come 13 agencies of the state. With few distinct from any other. In the

years in married life without our exceptions, each adoption is a context that we are all the children desire and promise of children great story of faith, joy, and miraof our Heavenly Father, we are being first fulfilled. When we were cle in the adventure of establishing "adopted,"as it were, into specific

able, finally, to adopt our son and relationships in new homes. The mortal homes.

daughter—twins just a week old—world as well as the Church has Other scriptural examples of

we gave serious reflection to the approved and given promise for adoption are commonly known. It

human experience called adoption. the participants of adoption. There may be recalled that Jacob himself,

Please do not lose the thought should never be occasion for stigma before the Lord gave him the that in a certain way we are all in adoption—only for joy in accepadoptive name of Israel, was

adopted into mortality. That tance, confirmation, and approval. "adopted"as the firstborn heir to

perspective may help give focus to The other definition of adoption his father, Isaac, rather than serve our considerations of the adventure is scriptural: as an act of admitting as the secondborn, even though

of adoption in life. one into the family of God, or the his twin brother, Esau, was born

Perhaps it would be of value to state of being so admitted. Since first. This adoption gave to Jacob

seek a usable definition of adopevery individual must personally the privileges of the family birthtion. The usual encyclopedic deattain this kind of adoption, there right. (And, as often is the case,

scription is twofold. In law is significant description of the it took some time for the other

adoption is a term that means process involved. natural son to accept the situation.

acceptance, confirmation, or apIn this important meaning, the Prior to Jacob's time, his grandproval. Those words may be most lasting rewards of adventures father Abraham had adopted his

applied to the circumstance of in adoption are to be realized. It own nephew and had given him an

children and parents in most is in the gospel or scriptural meaninheritance of choice blessings.

114 Improvement Era jum'Mfu

The Prophet Joseph Smith and experiences, perhaps mingled with his wife Emma had twins born trials and sorrow. Yet we draw

into their home. Little Louisa and hope from the prophets and patriher brother Thaddeus lived only a archs and have a growing hope of

few hours, passing together from being one family for eternity.

the short adventure of this life. In our experience with adoption

On that same day, not far away, we have learned many other things.

another Latterday Saint mother We have come to see ourselves gave birth to twins—also a boy and more clearly as literal children of

a girl. She was the wife of John our Heavenly Father, adopted for

Murdoek. Hex mortal life ended a time into mortal households,

that day. Brother Murdoek chose seeking an eternal adoption into

to give the Prophet a gift that he the celestial family of our parents called "more valuable than all the in heaven. We have found greater

tokens of friendship... ever reappreciation for our own parents

ceived in that land of hospitality."and their sacrifices for us in our

When the Murdoek twins were growingup days. It has also been

nine days old, their father took a reward to more thoroughly apthem to Joseph and Emma and preciate the wisdom of President asked them to adopt the motherDavid O. McKay, who wrote:

less children and raise them as "... there are other women, who,

their own. A brief measure of true denied the power to bear children,

joy came to Joseph and Emma as adopt some as their own, rear them they undertook to raise the twins. with an ability characteristic of

However, tragedy was not long in and inherent in true womanhood, coming. The infant adopted son and fill the lives of their darlings

became, as a babe, the first martyr with a love that only the yearning in the Latterday Church, as a soul of such a mother can know.

result of mob action against his Such are true mothers, indeed, NEW PLEATED foster father, the Prophet Joseph though part of the experience of YOKE SHEATH

Smith. Julia, the adopted daughter, motherhood be denied them! $20.00

had a sad later life, but she was "We pay tribute to them and ever a joy to her father and a others who have the willingness Our exclusive, elegant, mattefinish strength to her adoptive mother. and the ability to rear and the tricot design—accented with sheer,

In the experience of my wife divine endowment to love."( Treaspermanent pleats at yoke and sleeves.

and me, our first three years as ures of Life, pp. 3940. Exquisite with pleated accessories.

adoptive parents have been an exMany others in the Church have White, 100% Nylon Tricot. Dripdry.

citing adventure. We have come adopted children and found great P, S, M, L. #SSD-D.

to see the meanings of acceptance, joy therein, with full opportunity Matching Slip. 30 to 38. #6245. $8.00

confirmation, and approval that for lasting family relationships. We >"

only babies can bring. We anhope others still may share in this PostpaidMail Checkin orU.S.A.M.0.

ticipate further joys and rewarding great adventure. O Phone: 4873621

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

June 1968 115 series of 1967. The award

TV Sound Award was presented at the

Douglas H. Grindstaff motion picture sound

of the Saugus Ward, San editors fifteenth annual

Fernando Stake, supervising awards presentation.The sound editor for "Star This was Brother

Trek,"an NBC television Grindstaff's third nominationLDS series, has received the for the award. He has

for the best soundedited Emmy, TV's top award.Scene Golden Reel award also been nominated for an

Regional Representatives Two new Regional Representatives have been called by the First Presidency: President W. Jay Eldredge of the

Eastern tates Mission and President Ray B. Evanson,

recently released as president of the Southern

States Mission. Their regions have not yet been assigned.

President Eldredge, of Salt Lake City, is the president of Eldredge Furniture Company. He and his wife,

Marjory, are the parents of five children. President Evanson,

of Taber, Alberta, Canada, was active in business and civic affairs in Canada prior to his mission call.

He and his wife, Myra Gwyneth, are also the parents

of five children.

Nabisco Board Chairman

Lee S. Bickmore of the

Short Hills Ward, New Jersey Stake, has been elected chairman of the board of directors of National Biscuit Company (Nabisco). Brother

Bickmore has served as president of Nabisco since 1960, and has served HemisFair Pavilion Open in various capacities

The Church's pavilion at the HemisFair "We have one object in building this with Nabisco since 1933, in San Antonio, Texas, has been pavilion: that we will be better understood when he started his career

dedicated by President Hugh B. Brown of and can better understand others,"said with the firm in a branch

the First Presidency and now attracts President Brown. Missionaries fluent in sales office in Pocatello,

tourists and groups of HemisFair visitors. Spanish and English serve as guides. Idaho.

116 Improvement Era Mothers of the Year

Three active Latterday Saint women have been selected as the Mother of the Year by their respective states. They are

Sister Lois Martineau Kartchner of Arizona, Sister Dorothy Johnson Paul Bacon of California, and Sister Kathleen Smith Farnsworth of Utah. Sister

Kartchner, of the St. children. Sister Bacon, of Association and the mother is the mother of seven

David Ward, has been a the Hollywood Ward, is of four children. Sister children. They participated

schoolteacher, 4-H leader, the immediate past president Farnsworth, of the Beaver in American Mother of

Cub Scout den mother, and of the Women's Auxiliary Third Ward, known for the Year ceremonies in is the mother of eight of the California Medical her Church and civic service, New York City in May.

Best History Book

Dr. Richard L. Bushman,

associate professor of history at Brigham Young University, has been awarded one of three 1968 Independence, Missouri, Visitors Center

Bancroft prizes by Columbia University for The First Presidency has announced dedicated to the Lord. The site on

the "best book in American plans to construct a visitors which the Prophet Joseph laid a cornerhistory."The award, for center at Indepndence, Missouri, to tell stone for a temple at Independence

"From Puritan to Yankee: the story of the Church to tourists is not owned by the Church. The new

Character and the Social and visitors. The center will be located center will be a twostory white

Order in Connecticut, on an 18acre site that is stonecovered building and will have 16901765,"carries an part of the original 63 43/160 acres numerous visual displays, paintings, and honorarium of $4,000. Dr. purchased on December 19, 1831, murals. A large mural depicting the

Bushman's book describes by Edward Partridge, first Presiding second coming of the Savior will also the changes in Puritan Bishop of the Church, some four be on display. Completion is expected

society during that period. months after the land was in late 1969.

June 1968 117 The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About:

n nnnm innnn jLJUULJrTPDPLJrTPJUUjREVERENCE\l—*JTTQULJ!L—t luuuurruuuuiL J k,

By Bishop John H. Vandenberg

Anciently, when Israel and During the night the army of Syria opened that we may see the proSyria were at war, it seemed that encircled the city. found spiritual importance of the

regardless of any secrecy that The servant of Elisha, a young gospel. Because of the lack of

clothed the plans of the Syrians, man named Gehazi, rose early; the spiritual insight, some young

Israel was always prepared for and when he looked out, he was people do not display concerned their strategy. The situation beterrified by what he saw. He respect for the spiritual realities

came so frustrating to the Syrians woke Elisha and fearfully cried, of life. What is this quality of rethat it was suspected one of their "Alas, my master! how shall we spect and reverence for which

military leaders was betraying do?"Elisha looked and then spiritual insight and understandtheir plans. The Bible records: calmly answered, "Fear not: for ing are necessary?

"Therefore the heart of the king they that be with us are more than President McKay has referred of Syria was sore troubled for this they that be with them."Then, to reverence as "profound respect

thing; and he called his servants, seeing that Gehazi did not undermingled with love."Further, he

and said unto them, Will ye not stand, Elisha prayed, "Lord, I pray has said:

shew me which of us is for the thee, open his eyes, that he may "Reverence for God and sacred king of Israel? see. And the Lord opened the things is the chief characteristic

"And one of his servants said, eyes of the young man; and he of a great soul. Little men may

None, my lord, king: but Elisha, saw: and, behold, the mountain succeed, but without reverence

the prophet that is in Israel, telleth was full of horses and chariots of they can never be great. A great

the king of Israel the words that fire "(2 Kings 6:1517.) man is reverent. He has reverence

thou speakest in thy bedchamber."At times we are like Gehazi and for Deity, he has reverence for

(2 Kings 6:1112.) are unable to understand the all things associated with Deity;

The Syrian army immediately spiritual power and significance of and the great problem that is facset out toward Dothen, the city in the gospel. It is important that ing the world today is the attitude

which the prophet Elisha lived. as we mature we have our eyes toward God, his Son, and the

118 Improvement Era Gospel of Jesus Christ."(Pathit is that no child brings reverence extol his character and his teachways to Happiness, p. 261.) into the world with him, it is noneings. Yet strange to say, they do

These words of our Prophet theless true that "without [it] all not imitate his reverence, or cast offer a profound lesson. If each other things are of no use."a -single glance in the direction

young man and each young woman "Reverence,"says President in which his eyes are always lookin the Church would validate this McKay, "is one of the signs of ing. One finds this lack of reverstatement through application of strength; irreverence one of the ence even in the church. In

it in their dayto-day lives, it would surest indications of weakness. every community there are those

give them great strength. No man will rise high who jeers at who treat the house of God as

Thomas Carlyle, in giving a resacred things."This is a virtue they treat a streetcar, entering it

and leaving it when they please.markable extemporaneous address that our Prophet personifies—he

on the occasion of his installation is truly a great and a reverent Even habitual church attendants as Lord Rector of the University man. In speaking to the Church often surprise and shock one by

of Edinburgh, reviewed some proon this subject, he quoted these their irreverent behavior in the found thoughts from a book by words of Charles Edward Jefhouse of prayer. Those persons

Goethe, Wilhelm Meister's Travels. ferson: are not ignoramuses or barThese thoughts underline the im- "We are not by nature or by barians; they are simply undevelportance of reverence: training a reverent people. There oped in the virtue of reverence."

"Three of the wisest men... are those who say we become less (Treasures of Life, pp. 26263.)

in the world,"he said, "have been reverent as the years go by. The Why is it that reverence is in an

got together, to consider, to manolder people are constantly laapparent state of decadence? A

age and supervise, the function menting that they miss a certain quote from Alexander MacLaren

full of gilded toyswhichportance—thattranscendsof allbuildingothers upin theimbeautifulreverence respectfulness,which were morea lovelycomsuggests"Hands thata arepossible answer,

young generation so as to keep it mon many years ago. These are and glass beads cannot grasp

free from the perilous stuff that wide areas of American society durable riches, and eyes that have has been weighing us down, and from which the spirit of reverence been accustomed to glaring lights clogging every step.... The chief, has been banished. Men and see only darkness when they look

who is the eldest of the three, said women in many circles are clever, up to the violet heaven with all its to Wilhelm: 'Healthy wellinformed interesting, brilliant, but they lack stars."Our association with vice

children bring into the world with one of the three dimensions of in all its varied forms and our inin worldly pursuits dulls them many precious gifts; and life—they have no reach upward. dulgence

very frequently these are best of Their conversation sparkles, but it our sensitivity to the things that all developed by nature herself, is frivolous and often flippant. are noble and high.

with but slight assistance.... Their talk is witty, but the wit is Since these things destroy revBut there is one thing which no often at the expense of high and erence, how can we develop

child brings into the world with sacred things. He has come far reverence? President McKay has

him, and without which all other down in the scale of being who suggested that "a prayerful heart things are of no use.'in order to display his powers finds will do much to bring reverence

"Wilhelm, who is there beside it necessary to ridicule those into our lives."Reverence for God

him, asks, 'And what is that?'things which have been prized by comes as a product of real relation-

"'All want it,'says the Eldest, all good men. When one enters ship with him. It is well that

'perhaps even you.'the world of our presentday reyoung men and women establish

"Wilhelm says, 'Well, but tell formers he is impressed by the this relationship through diligent me what it is?'large number who lack the upstudy and sincere prayer.

"'It is,'answers the other, ward look. Many of these men The words of John Ruskin point

'Reverence; Reverence! Honour are tremendously in earnest, they to the sublime importance of this

done to those who are greater and see the crying evils of the world; subject: "All real joy and power of

better than ourselves; honour distheir sympathies are wide and progress... depend on finding

tinct from fear. [Reverence is] the their zeal is hot, but they have no something to reverence...."

soul of all religion that has ever sky above their heads. They aim We need to "open [our] eyes,

been among men, or ever will to glorify no Father who is in that [we] may see"our great need be.'"Heaven. Some of them claim to to act with reverence toward the

While we are not sure how true admire the Man of Nazareth. They great spiritual realities of life. O

June 1968 119 (5Tt is winter for some, sumenhance their natural beauty and South of the Equator mer for many on this femininity. Clothes should be Sometime each day, whether a

day. The world is big comfortable and attractive without person lives in Utah, California,

with many variations. calling attention to a person's body; Australia, or Tonga, the family sits

Seasons, climates, customs, culfor example, skirts and dresses down to eat. The basics are the

tures, and shades of coloring all should be of modest length, and same; variances come because of

vary from latitude to longitude. they should not be too tightfitting. climate, environmental habits, and

But basically, all men, and Dresses should not be cut ex- "nutritional knowledge.

women too, are the same. All tremely low at the top.... Coconut dishes abound in Tonga

have five senses; all have hearts "Any bathing suit which imbecause of thousands of coconut

capable of joy and sorrow; all modestly exposes the body, such as palms. From our plane high in the

breathe, preferably good fresh air; bikinis or those with bare midriffs, sky we could observe a waving sea

all are susceptible to right and etc., should not be worn.... of swaying green leaves. Tonga is

wrong. Each has the innate need "It is not appropriate for young a beautiful, flat island covered

to be an individual, important in men to wear extremely tightfitting with coconut palms and surhis own right. This includes the pants. When driving around in rounded by the bluest of oceans.

essential essence of pride—pride in cars, working in the yard or elseParadise? Yes, for hundreds of

being alive, pride of family, pride where, they should wear approhappy people..

of church, pride of country, and priate trousers and shirts. Shorts Australia also has its special

pride of accomplishment. A permay be worn during actual particidishes, some with intriguing, unson is big or little as his pride pation in active sports."usual names. Have you heard of a

permits him to be. Florence S. Jacobsen, general cock-a-leekie? It is stewed chicken

The pride we are speaking of is president of the YWMIA, has said, made different by the addition of not haughtiness, arrogance, or "We have a challenge today. It is leeks and then served as soup.

selfimportance, but a pride of dignot crossing the plains, and it isn't Toadin-thehole, another interestnity, selfrespect, and selfesteem. fighting Indians, pioneering a new ing recipe, is seasoned beef cubes

June in Australia and other area, or building log cabins, but it over which is poured o a batter made countries in the southern hemiis fighting with all our strength to of eggs, flour, milk, and salt.- All

sphere is a time for woolen clothes, maintain respect for a standard of this is baked and served with a fires on the hearth, and good hot modesty and good taste."sauce. Other Australian dishes

meals; in the -northern hemisphere There can be no individual pride have the colorful names of boiled

cottons, swimming pools, and air in oneself when bodies become pig's trotters, sheep's head and conditioning are in season. But in common. Modesty steps in when tongue pie, tripe fricassee, beetboth the southern and northern true pride is manifest. At one root, and creamed sheep's tongue.

hemispheres one finds a pride of time, while I was speaking to a Whether the name is as common as individual worth. This begins in the group of Beehive girls and their boiled potatoes or as mysterious as

home, where a child is taught that mothers, the subject of modesty savory cobblescones, there is much he is a child of God, that it is a was discussed. I wondered if good food on the dinner tables in

privilege to live today, and that this modesty meant the same to 12or Australia.

privilege must be paid for by his 13year-old girls as it did to me, Here are some recipes. from

keeping the commandments and and so I asked them. A little girl Tonga and Australia.

by serving others. in a red sweater, sitting on the

This pride should extend to the back row, gave the best definition Coconut Muffins physical body, and young people—of modesty I have ever heard. 'She

and those not so young—must hold said, "To be modest means not to 33 teaspoonscups sifted bakingflour powder

it sacred. Miniskirts are just as be common in any way."- How 3/4 cup sugar

mini in the southern hemisphere wise she was—not common or vuliy21 teaspooncups gratedsalt coconut

as in the northern. In this world gar in dress, in speech, or in actions 1 egg

yolk i egg today, swimming suits reveal too is to be truly modest. Justified - evaporated milk cup 3/4

much of the body. A little booket pride enters the picture when 3/4 cup water

entitled "For the Strength of modesty is a way of life. June to tablespoons melted butter

Youth"has been endorsed by the January and on to June again is a Resift the flour with baking powder,

First Presidency of the Church. In time to take pride in ourselves as thesugar,coconutand saltandintomixa largewell. bowl.Beat Addtoit we read, "Girls should dress to individuals. gether in a bowl the whole egg, yolk,

120 Improvement Era evaporated milk, and water. If you with remaining coconut crumbs. Freeze stand for a time before serving over

are using fresh coconut, use the cocountil firm. roast lamb.

nut milk in place of water. Add the

butter, melted then combine quickly Lydia's Pavlova Breakfast Marmalade liquid the ingredients. and dry There

will be remaining, lumps but some whites egg 3 6 oranges beat. into not do Pour greased cups sugar 2 lemons level. muffin to cups at 1*4 Bake %batter vinegar 1 teaspoon F. 400 Let minutes. for about 20 tablespoons iy2 fruit. Thinly slice or chop peel. cornstarch Wash slightly muffins cool before turning

out. Good served either hot or cold. Beat the egg whites until stiff. Add Cutpulp andpulp peelinto withchunks.6 cups Coverwater. Simfruit

Coconut Dessert thevery sugarstiff. graduallyAdd the vinegaruntil mixtureand cornis merhours5 inminutes.a cool place.Let standBoil again12 tountil18

(6 to 8 servings) starch and beat well. Place on a large peel is tender. Measure fruit and

greased pie plate and spread out. Bake water. Add 1 cup sugar for each cup

275 F. 1 in a for oven fruit about hour jellying water. point. Boil to and grated 34 coconut, cup toasted

until is light the or meringue brown jars into Pour at seal and once. 1 tablespoon sugar

through. cooked and from Remove fine tablespoons cracker 2 graham

cool, oven, the a turn out and on for flat Mustard Cold Meats crumbs (It plate. will in bit sink a center). the 1 butter tablespoon melted

fill cool, with center whipped When 1 cup whipping cream 1 of Chill celery Blend soup. cream can a cream of and fresh combination 1 egg, separated in 1 dry teaspoon mayonnaise, cup fruits. % cup sugar powdered 1 minced mustard, tablespoon y3 and

vanilla teaspoons 2 beef, parsley. cold with Serve ham, Mint Sauce salt of Dash or turkey.

first the fresh four ingredients. cup Combine Set y2 mint leaves Ham and Mustard Dip the cream. Beat egg yolk; vinegar aside. Whip cup 2/3

mix in the powdered sugar and vanilla. y3 cup water

Combine with the whipped cream. Beat Salt 1 cup mayonnaise

egg white and salt until stiff peaks are Vi cup sugar 1 teaspoon horseradish

Fold cream. formed. into the 1 teaspoon dry mustard Add %

mixture. of the coconut cup crumb of cayenne Wash and chop the mint leaves. Add Dash

Spoon into freezing tray and sprinkle to the remaining ingredients and let 1 to 2 cups ground ham

June 1968 121 Blend the ingredients and serve on are you a savings weakling? crackers.

Banbury Tarts Let State Savings

Filling:

1 cup chopped datesput muscle in your 1 cup chopped nuts 2 tablespoons sugar Orange juice to moisten savings program!

Mix the ingredients together to form a soft paste. Roll out regular pie crust

and cut into 3V2inch rounds. Moisten

around the edges with milk. Place a

tablespoon of filling on one side of each round and fold over. Press the

edges together and prick the tops.

Bake on a greased sheet at 400 F.

for 15 to 20 minutes.

Caramel Bread Pudding

3 tablespoons sugar tablespoons melted butter \y2 2 cups milk A '** %1 %M'2 eggs m 'V Dash of salt 2 slices stale bread Peanut butter Vanilla

Add the sugar to the butter and cook W * gently for 5 minutes; as it caramelizes,

stir constantly. Scald the milk and add

milk and salt to the sugar and butter.

Stir until sugar is dissolved. Add

slowly to the beaten eggs. Spread both

sides of the bread with peanut butter

Savings money gets a real and place in a buttered dish. Pour the

workout at State where custardin dish mixtureof water overand thebakebread.at 325StandF.

generous earnings really build until firm. Serve hot or cold with

a savings balance everyone can admire. Rememberthe whipped cream.

secret of a big savings account is regular deposits plus

State's 4%% on regular savings or 5 lA% on savings certificates.

SAVE BY MAIL THROUGH YOUR NEAREST STATE SAVINGS OFFICE.

Office Office Kaimuki Office Wahiawa Home

Ave. Waialae Oahu, Street, Wahiawa, Hawaii 3583 South Main 56

Hawaii Honolulu, City, Salt Lake Utah

Office Kaneohe Office Aiea Clearfield Office Hawaii Oahu, Kaneohe.

Center Shopping Aiea Street State South 75

Office Waipahu Hawaii Aiea, Oahu, Clearfield, Utah

Hawaii Oahu, Waipahu, Office Hilo Division Hawaiian ManoaWoodlawn Avenue Office 116 Kamehameha Office Main Road 2855 E. Manoa Hilo, Hawaii Street, Bishop 1001 Hawaii Honolulu,

Honolulu. Hawaii Mother

of Sons By Val Camenish Wilcox

INSURED We have an allboy family,

But we'll have girls eventually.

As handsome sons become of "tote age

And sweet romance takes center stage, avings We'll add our daughters one by $&, and Loan Association one:

A lovely bride for every son. \WW

122 Improvement Era IS YOUR FAMILY PREPARED?

Prayer The thought that buoys My flagging spirits By Caroline Eyring Miner As I struggle against the swells My morning breath, In the savage sea;

Crystalline in the frosty Then in the soundless night—

air; The whisper that is God.

Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word

Wheat is for man. Retain the valuable nutrients lost through other milling methods.

you are going to meet again saveUse themoneywheatwhileyouenjoyingnow havebetterstoredtasting,and more nutritious food.

BUY AN e are fellowpassengers planet,"on one and a f us the same f\ FLOUR MILL ALLGRAIN \ said Hendrick ever in a behave Von manner Loon. 1 And if we TODAY\ / \ / V V that makes it necessary for us to avoid other people, we have Now available: High protein wheat for

made a mistake. In the first place, the chances of avoiding other people use or storage.

are not very good. So long as we are fellow passengers on the same For full information, write:

planet, there are likely to be meetings face to face. If we have done ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL

wrong things or acted in unseemly ways, if we have been dishonest Dept. E P.O. Box 115

or taken advantage of anyone, or even just plain been unpleasant, the Brigham City, Utah 84302 chances are we shall meet our mistakes—again and again, anywhere, or P.O. Box 1 15

anytime. Some years ago, an interesting and colorful American had Tremonton, Utah 84337

this to say: "Never act toward someone as though you were never going Openings available for full or parttime

to come across him again in life.... Never sacrifice what the future sales representatives.

may hold for some immediate gain. Be yourself with everyone you

meet—but be your best self, for you can be sure that before you have PROTECT

lived out your life you are going to meet again."- We don't have to your copies of

agree with people to get along with them; we don't have to compromise THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

or abandon our own principles; but we do have to be honest, considerate, with an

forthright, and fair. The world can become very small and cramped ERA BINDER

if there is any place we can't go, any street we can't walk on, any crowd $2.50

we can't mingle with for fear of the embarrassment of seeing someone to whom we have been unfair or whom we have offended. And this

is true at any age. We may deal unkindly or unfairly with a child, and

in later years find ourselves face to face with the man he has become, and find him in some place or position where we must ask him for some The79 SouthImprovementState StreetEra service, or need his help under some circumstances. Besides, it gnaws Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

at us inside if there are people with whom our relationships haven't been altogether honest or with whom we have been unfair, curt, or unkind. JUNIOR OLYMPIC CAMP

The world becomes very confined if, because of our misconduct, there CAMP ZARAHEMLA—CLINTWOOD, VIRGINIA

Boys and Girls Ages 7 to 16 it is as sense, feel to avoid. are. a In have those we we Diving Edward FitzScuba—Riding—Karate—Springboard

it: the world."of leads to the said gerald road end "Any Water Skiing—Sports—Gymnastics—Riflery

Archery—Music—Drama—Arts—Crafts

in acres on Located Cumberland Mountains 228 Geography. 1Hendrick Van Loon, in Jefferson to National Forest Memorial adSW Everything DSamuel Goldwyn, "Why facilities Counts: You always meet people a second time,"This Week jacentVirginia. Excellent programs. and Campers 1962. 21, Magazine, January

in participate horse shows. water and OlymFormer Polonius, 86. Fitzgerald, sEdward

pic inspire to athlete trained staff youth and #"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia highestobserved.goalsWriteof to:achievement.Patt Liljenquist,LDS standardsYouth Develare

Broadcasting System March 31, 1968. Copyright 1968. opment Foundation, 3750 N. 30th Place, Arlington,

Va. 22207, (703) 5255966

June 1968 123 morning in the Tabernacle, with

President David O. McKay presiding

The Church and in attendance.

Moves On morningFrom Presidentthe TabernacleHugh B. pulpitBrown saidthis

of the Reverend Martin Luther King,

Jr., civil rights leader who was slain

last night at Memphis, Tennessee:

New, compact "At this time we express deep

BOOK of sorrow and shock at the news of the

MORMON passing of a man who dedicated his on records life to what he believed to be the

Complete and unabridged 50- 7"LP. gold vinyl records March 1968 welfare of his people.

Vinyl cloth binding, ready reference "It is a shocking thing that in this

A must for every missionary present Newport Beach Stake, the 453rd age such a thing could happen. We

and future. now functioning in the Church, pray God's blessings upon his family,

was organized from portions of Santa his friends, and those associated with NOW ONLY *34 95 TERMS

Ana Stake by Elder Howard W. Hunter him."

WRITE FOR FRL CA.Aifii;

of the Council of the Twelve and PatriStake presidents attended a late H arch Eldred G. Smith. Ferren L afternoon Indian placement program

Christensen was sustained as stake meeting in the Assembly Hall. Cevoian

president, with Oren W. Hunter and This was an evening of missionary

RECORDINGS INC. John Baker as counselors. reunions throughout the valley.

1470 South State St., Salt Lake City, Utah New stake presidency: President

Phone 4871096 James J. White and counselors Jerry J. An early morning Church wel L

See your local book or record store. Rose and Donald Petersen in Bear fare meeting in the Assembly

River (Utah) Stake. Hall began today's conference activities.

In the afternoon conference session

Brattcn's Seafood Gtotto April 1968 Elder Alvin R. Dyer was sustained as a

Atmosphere and counselor to the First Presidency;

Fine Food The 62nd annual conference of Elder Marion D. Hanks was sustained

Private facilities for the Primary Association conas an Assistant to the Council of the group dining vened with a morning general session Twelve; and Elders Hartman Rector, Jr.,

644 East 4th South - EM 4-6547 (Closed Sundays only) in the Tabernacle, followed by departand Loren Charles Dunn were sustained ment meetings and a buffet reception. as members of the First Council of the

Regional Representatives of the Seventy.

Council of the Twelve began two days Church membership as of December of meetings. 31, 1967, was announced as 2,144,766

in the stakes and 469,574 in the misThe annual Primary Association sions, for a total of 2,614,340.

conference concluded with mornThe priesthood session was broadcast 'general ing departmental radio a telecast meetings, by by and KSL KSL

in wROtto session afterand Tabernacle the in the sent KBYU, and by telephone was n.-<** to noon, in mission halls the and States United department and wire 429

Primary Children's Hospital tours in the and Canada that are normally beyond

KJalieru lateBishopsafternoon.attending conference sesthestations.areas reached by the radio and TV

sions visited their student members at Additional missionary reunions were 268 the campus of Brigham Young Uniheld.

Original works by versity. The general conference ended

American and European this afternoon. In all, some 207

Artists. Oils, Watercolors, The 138th Annual General ConTV stations in the United States (inLithographs, Etchings, and ference of The Church of Jesus cluding Alaska and Hawaii) and CanStatuary. Hours 12:00-6:00 p.m. Christ of Latterday Saints began this ada, and 56 radio stations, 30 of which

(Ilon.-Sat.

263 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah

124 Improvement Era were in Mexico, had broadcast all or Richard L. Evans

parts of the conference.

Late afternoon meetings for stake The Spoken Word

Sunday School superintendencies, coordinators, secretaries, and teacher trainers were held, followed by Sunday The Art of Living Long

School conference this evening in the

Tabernacle. we are blessed with a long lengthening of the years of life, this brings

Whenever possible, sacrament meetIfus to old age, and with it sometimes comes concern, not so much for ings were held in wards and branches. growing old gracefully as for growing old usefully—"The Art of Living

Long Without Growing Old,"1 as a respected friend put it. All reason

James 0. Mason, first counselor and sense and inner awareness tell us that men are immortal, as well as

in the Atlanta Stake presidency, the assurance God has given. But we know what we have here, and

attended the public service at Morecling to it as long as we can, which always we should and must, seeking house College for the Reverend Martin to make full use of all the life we live. As to wellbeing throughout all

Luther King, carrying with him a mesthe length of life: "A sense of purpose and the opportunity to contribute

sage of condolences from the First to others,"remarked a medical doctor, "—these are as vital to total

Presidency to Mrs. King, her family, health as are adequate nutrition and rest."2 "I know of no greater

and associates. fallacy,"said William Lyon Phelps, "... than the statement that youth

is the happiest time of life. As we advance in years we really grow

This was "Mormon Founders'happier, if we live intelligently.... To say that youth is happier than

Day"at HemisFair '68, San maturity is like saying that the view from the bottom of the tower is

Antonio, Texas. Several General Aubetter than the view from the top. As we ascend, the range of our view

thorities were in attendance, led by widens immensely; the horizon is pushed farther away. Finally as we

President Hugh B. Brown. reach the summit it is as if we had the world at our feet."Each part

of life has its usefulness, its compensations; its challenges, its problems,

Missionaries serving in the misits beauty, its service, its satisfactions. And as we live in honor, serving,

sions in New Zealand were reas we can, as fully and in any way we can, keeping faith and serenity, ported safe, despite heavy damage and peace within ourselves and with Him who made us all, there is an sustained by that land from a typhoon. ever added meaning to these lines from Karle Wilson Baker:

W. Jay Eldredge, presently servLet me grow lovely, growing old—

ing as president of the Eastern So many fine things do;

States Mission, and Ray B. Evanson, Laces, and ivory, and gold,

recently released as president of the And silks need not be new.

Southern States Mission, have been set apart as Regional Representatives And there is healing in old trees, of the Council of the Twelve, it was Old streets a glamour hold;

announced. Why may not I, as well as these,

Grow lovely, growing old? 3

New stake presidency: President 1 Kenneth S. Beam.

William A. Fresh and counselors 2H.3KarleA. WilsonHolle, Baker,M.D. "Desk Drawer Anthology, Poems for the American People."

Don Parker and L. Tom Perry in Boston

* "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Stake. Broadcasting System March 10, 1968. Copyright 1968.

Kenneth H. Sheffield, 68, 20year

veteran of the YMMIA general board, longtime June Conference coordinator, and seminary teacher and radio and television arm of the Church, The First Presidency announced the executive for almost 40 years, died in announced the purchase, subject to I appointments of Arthur S. Anderan automobile accident. Funeral serFederal Communications Commission son, Arturo Rivera Martinez, and C.

vices were to be held at Kaysville, approval, of radio stations KBIGAM, Leland Davey as mission presidents,

Utah, April 20. daytime station at Avalon, California, with their fields of labor yet to be

Bonneville International Corporation, and KBIGFM, Los Angeles. announced.

June 1968 125 *v fp8 B&,

M ft i W no one could control the boy.

So traumatic was the experi- j However, the shell of isolation was ence of the sudden death of his finally penetrated by a very underbrother and the accusation of standing Church teacher. By showhis parents that the boy withing a genuine love and concern

for the boy, this teacher was graddrew into a shell of isolation. ually able to learn the cause of his

problem. Carefully she gained his

trust and confidence. At the final

offischool public conference with

Teaching to *V\K<\s cials the before boy was

ChurchConductedSchoolbySystemthe tt the expelled, the counselor asked u boy if there were someone whombe he could trust for help before it t,S V was too late. The boy then named

Teach in W hisexplaincometeacherto histheandconferencedifficulty.asked if sheandUndercouldhelp

standing was soon reached, and

Is,;,!*4y with professional counseling the MoreThan boy was restored to acceptable

The point that should be emphaTelling ll behavior.

sized from this incident is that a

By Lyman C. Berrett teacher cared—cared enough to

know more about the student than

Seminary Coordinator, Salt Lake Valley to his enough name; cared South Seminary District m just cared personally; a student know

Sometime ago two boys were enough to become personally incrossing a street. In the middle of \V volved in the life of a student. The

the street the younger child eluded teacher showed love for her student the handhold of his older brother, by doing something. She cared

ran headlong into the path of an i enough about him and loved him oncoming automobile, and was \SJL enough to give him more than just killed instantly. Unthinking parfacts in the classroom.

ents added grief to the already mk\ Most teachers reflect their perburdened older son by accusing sonal philosophy in the classroom.

him of being responsible for the K Opposite poles of philosophical death of his younger brother. thought concerning the worth of

So traumatic was the experience young people might be expressed of the sudden death of his brother in the following two statements.

and the accusations of his parents (1) "For existentialism, man is a that the boy withdrew into a shell derivative of nothing, is now alof isolation that soon caused him most nothing and is destined for to be a problem at home and at nothing."(Truman G. Madsen,

school. A once model child had Eternal Man, p. 28.) (2) The innow become a tyrant. Public habitants of the earth are begotten

school counselors threatened expulsons and daughters of God and as sion for behavior that had become such have within them the potenintolerable, and it appeared as if tial to become gods.

126 Improvement Era It would probably be difficult to ing the students that he loves them come a way of life, whereas the'find a Church teacher who literally that is important, but rather it is students'actions may have previbelieves in the first statement, but the actual involving, encouraging, ously been done for teacher observation has shown that some commending, and approving the approval.

teachers don't believe the second teacher does that influences the Many times students are heard one either. They seem to have the students. to say, "Who cares? The last time

attitude that "it doesn't matter Teachers who love their students I did such and such I didn't get what I tell these kids; they will become involved in their lives and so much as a thank you."Thanking

end up in some kind of trouble activities. They know when one one is a common courtesy that no

anyway."of their students has received an teacher who loves students will

Psychologists have verified the Eagle Scout award, and approforget. A simple "thank you"is

importance of the great teachings priate compliments are sincerely appreciated by old and young of the Savior regarding love. The given. They know when a student alike. It does more than express

only commandment that immediis observing a birthday, and a card appreciation—it shows that someately comes to the attention of the is sent, a telephone call made, or a one is interested, cares, and wants

author that the Savior gave to men special treat given. Teachers who to reward and encourage.

while he was in mortality had to love their students simply cannot Teachers who love their students do with love. (See John 13:3435 isolate themselves from their stuwill remember that teaching is

and Matt. 22:3440.). One psydents'lives. A sincere "well done"more than telling. Students learn

chologist, Louis P. Thorpe, has to the student who has achieved in by doing. It would appear that

written, "The fundamental needs a ball game, chorus, band, or the key to loving students is doing of man... motivate the human drama lets that person know that—not merely what the students

individual to behave in ways calcuhis teacher cares and is concerned can and should do for themselves, lated to satisfy his demands. about him. but also what ought to be done for

Human nature is most readily There are many areas where them. This could include such

understood from the standpoint of teachers can show their love for things as encouraging them to live these needs and their satisfacstudents, such as encouraging them Church standards, providing opportion.... The following formulato live Church standards, to stand tunities for service, knowing what

tion, however, would seem useful up and be counted on the side of they are doing, showing them that as a basis of behavior tendencies. decency and right, to obey laws they are accepted as people of

1. The need to maintain physical and set proper examples, and to worth and that they are children of

wellbeing; 2. The need for perbe satisfied in doing only their God with godhood potentialities,

sonal recognition of being regarded best. and letting them know that the

as a person of worth and imThere are untold examples of teacher cares about them.

portance; 3. The need for security, genuine heroes that teachers can The Savior asked Peter, "Lovest

for love and affection and for take to their classes to reinforce thou me?"Peter replied, "Thou

comfort and safety."(Louis P. lessons in these areas. Students knowest that I love thee."Then

Thorpe, The Psychology of Mental need to know that they are not the Savior said to Peter, "Feed my

Health [New York: Ronald Press], alone, not squares, clods, or dupes lambs."

pp. 3940.) if they maintain Church standards. Three times the Master asked

Have you ever wondered why Teachers can encourage students Peter if he loved him, and three students like certain people better in their endeavors by showing times Peter assured Jesus that he than others, cooperate with them genuine interest, or they can disdid love him. In each instance

more fully, or trust more in them courage students by failing to give the Master asked Peter to do someand are involved with them to a them proper recognition. Favorable thing—feed his sheep. (See John

greater degree? People who enjoy comments by teachers on students 21:1517.)

this kind of rapport with youth are who set proper examples in dress, Church teachers, do something the ones who demonstrate their deportment, standards, or attenfor your students: love them—and

love for them. In a teacher's case, dance will strengthen the youth to to love them, you must do someit is not so much the teacher tellthe point where these attitudes bething for them. O

June 1968 127 Buffs content, which deserves tremendously film. Again, may I congratulate you for

extended circulation. your fine work in selecting movies that and R. E. (Pete) Hackworth say something worthwhile.

Editor, The News Tribune Mrs. Karen Anderson Rebuffs Caldwell, Idaho Santa Ana, California

I guess I am oldfashioned, but I can't

Last night, for the second time, I saw call a movie to which you cannot take

To Sir, With Love. I had read the bookPrimary-age children a family movie.

"To Sir, With Love"many years ago and enjoyed it. I am so To Sir, With Love is not a family movie.

that glad the the saw, superEra beneath still I I shall that can see as a parent the congratulate selection ficial I must you on and smoking swearing, and the to myself to movies have view see what as of the in this Family Sir, With Love To real message movie. It indeed like. they are

I of the Year.Movie must also say that is deserves the award. a husband My Van deGraaff Mrs. W. J.

opinion Improvement The school teacher, Era high also felt that and in my he California Calexico, might be one of the best puttogether the teenagers were accurately portrayed in themagazines country. an You do represented a part of our community. and "Appeal to the Great Spirit"

excellent job. is It want It makes only regrettable that parents me almost many

to the leave business newspaper seek and not realize of their the kind people do I times expression the heard have Many lay- a spot on your magazine. Era If children school. are to at The exposed they to wait."I "all things those come whoouts are to tremendous, not mention the did, better they understand would years to find something waited 34 the have

I long sought. When I received my April

Era, I sat down at once to read it. There

on page 5, as part of your article on

Cyrus Dallin, is the picture I have sought all these years.

ill, old, 19 years and very I was ofphysician's to a took me Richard L. Evans myWhenmother

The Spoken Word hungfice. theOn picturethe wall"Appealof his waitingto the Greatroom

Spirit."I had graduated from high

school five days previously as the class poet. The beautiful picture so overDiscouragement comes to all of us whelmeda scrap ofmepaperthat andI foundwrotea apencilpoem.andI

have kept the battered copy of the poem

Discouragement is said to be one of the most effective tools of the allductionthese ofyears,the always"Appealseekingto thea reproGreat devil. And "despondency,"said de Witt Talmage, "is the most Spirit"to go with it.

unprofitable feeling a man can indulge in."1 All of us begin manythanI amsix ayears,convertandto mythe testimonyChurch ofofmorethe

richly priesthood has the been gospel andgood things that, because of discouragement, we fail to finish—and so

I love every in every rewarding way.

lose time in false starts and premature stops. And if anyone wanted to page of the Era and look forward to

see us waste our lives, he wouldn't have to tempt us to do something each issue.

obviously sinful. He would only have to discourage us to the point of Appeal to the Great Spirit

giving up doing what we should be doing, and to make us feel that we were failures. Thus much of life would be wasted. And yet discourageAnA silentIndianfigureuponetcheda horse,in bronze,

ment comes to all of us. No one ever conquered a bad habit without So blended that they seem as one,

discouragement and without earnest enduring effort. No one ever Held spellbound by some Unseen Force.

acquired an adequate education or any real competence without disArms spread in suppliance, he stands couragement and purposeful practice and persistence. No one has ever AstrideA light ofhis shiningmount; gloryand ascomes,he prays

lived without discouragement. We grow by doing, by enduring, and by And lingeringly on his countenance

not giving in to the first difficulty. As to "the refusal to... surrender plays.

to despondency.... Whatever the situation,"said Dr. Fosdick, "... and Time passes by, and still he stands,

however... disheartening it may be, it is a great hour when a man ceases AImmovable,man who findsas carvedan urgentin stone;need,

adopting it as an excuse for despondency and tackles himself as the real And must commune with God alone.

.. others.problem. master. need be his Emo-. Remember No mood sinks into the west, deep sun The

. dies, daylight fading as the "the a infect And.. [and] household."tions are contagious whole 2 As can

day returns and brings us the petty round of irritating concerns and He'sHis facestill upliftedunmovingto asthebefore,skies, duties, help us to play the man,"pleaded Robert Louis Stevenson, "help... us to go... on our business all this day, bring us to our resting AAt gleamlast heof moves,hope liesandmirroredin his eyesthere.

beds weary and content and undishonored, and grant us in the end the His soul's at peace; his heart's at rest;

gift of sleep."And finally, as Ian Maclaren said it: "Let us be kind to He's found the answerRosemaryto his prayer.E. Helmer

one another, for most of us are fighting a hard battle...."3 Houston, Texas

"Respect"Thomas de Witt Talmage (18321901), American clergyman.

3Harry Depression."Being Person: Fosdick, "Mastering a Real Emerson On

as"Ian Maclaren, Gossip, Arthur quoted in of the Crowd. I would like to tell you how much I apthe Edge From John

preciated the article "Respect"on the * "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Presiding Bishop's Page [February]. I

Broadcasting System March 24, 1968. Copyright 1968. am currently serving with the armed

128 Improvement Era forces in Europe and am thrown in with ture may be cut and mounted to be used many different types of people. I can for teaching purposes. The picture of

easily see what an important factor reMormon was so outstanding and we are spect is in character development. Many so happy with it that we would like to

of the people I meet have little respect convey our thanks to you.

for their parents and, therefore, hold We have also always looked forward little respect for anyone or anything to the November issue of the Era, as we else. can always expect something special, and

I think that the entire idea of respect we have never yet been disappointed.

hegins with respect for one's parents and Mrs. Marguerite H. Allen

eventually grows from that point. If Librarian, Riverside Stake

only each person could be taught the Salt Lake City, Utah principle of respect, how much less trouble there would be and how much Pearl of Great Price less in confusion the world.

little I a missionary, Being for time have

I find that of Although your many extra studies besides regularly assignedarticles trite I bit to a say seem me, can classes, the standard lesson works, the is thisthat article a very valuable piece plans, talks, conference Spanish. andof literature in I don't mind. 19 At my I've Therefore, neither taken nor found

I toclaim wise, safely be but can say all to in time articles the the read Era.

thisthat principle of to respect were be But another recommendation from upon intoput practice, more common we I missionary, Nibley's read Brother Hugh allcould in expect a remarkable change first article the of Price. Pearl on Great social religious institutions.many and

It's first I've the his of time read one Allen D. Hunter

it articles, I but assure won't can be you York, York APO New New last. It thrilling! the anxiously- I'm was

awaiting the next Era—we get them two

"Practice Song"or three months late here.

Elder Mark B. Hains

When Virginia Kammeyer's poems did Osorno, Chile not appear for several months in "End of an Era,"I certainly missed them. Her Plea for Brotherhood

"Practice certainly referredpoem Song"to In reply World the [FebruCongressmen""LDS "Where I'mto me. of choristers those of one

like Rebuffs"], ary "Buffs and I would Registers"writes. she "Life She makeswhom to that issues of while the say Comthe real. so Mormons"seemAmong colonialism, the munism, population and Dysert Jean trip to next are explosion Denver—the Your deproblems worldwide Seattle, Washington serving of attention, of the easing our—of capital America climate

racial tension should be the primary conPortrait of Mormon cern of this country. If we cannot will be most memorable when

establish Christlike tolerance and underyou stay at the Brown Palace.

are pleased most with the colored standing can in our homes,We how we con600 air conditioned rooms picturescovers being and used other cern ourselves by the with problems?

Era. We are especially happy when a Anticommunism is commendable, except suites and executive rooms

April as thecover such issue [portrait of when it is reflected in bigotry.

the has necessary printingMormon] Bob Russell five famous restaurants placed in such a way that the entire picTaipei, Taiwan complete convention accommodations

To expedite your reply, write Dept. IE

KARL W. MEHLMANN, General Manager

The Road Represented by:

MEMBER ROBERT F. WARNER

By Zara Sabin NewGLENNYorkW.CityFAWCETT

Los Angeles "The road is always better than the inn,"J

So said Cervantes, writer of old Spain,

Who, young and striving some reward to gain, PERSONALIZED

Had often labored hard his goal to win.

But time had taught him truth. Now I too know ENVELOPES

State & Zip The journey is the thing—and not the end; Your Name -Address -City,

The striving and desire which some tvay blend on reg. size (6%) White Bond

With hope and trust will always make it so. 200 - white-$4.95 COLORS - $3.95100

. All orders attractively boxed FOR GIFT GIVING EXCELLENT attain, tvhich heights The the onceprized we

. inns Satisfaction or print Guaranteed information Allow appro*,

.. delivery, two. GiftType included weeks for card If desired. Postpaid (Just places start), stopping a better for

Are reached by roads, roughstrewn with sharpedged whins, AddressName -City,

And give a rush of courage to the heart. zip. Gift Card Yes No

- 100 200 Remembering this—forgetful of our load—Colors: LI. Green.Yellow Buff Wh

The inn is never better than the road.

SEND Utah res.

CHECK add 11? V7* ENVELOPE Tax Sales OR M.0. p BOX n522 a

TO: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84111

June 1968 129 International Cooperation Reexamined

By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University

British withdrawal from the Far tempted, the possibility involves that are facing the family of man.

and Middle East, combined with maximum limitations. The simpler Man's awareness of cultural and

the international monetary situacases of cooperation are those bepolitical differences has increased tion, requires the American peotween two states. Even these vary since the emergence of internaple to reexamine their range of in difficulty, ranging from U.S.- tional comity doctrines, say, from

international commitment and coCanadian relations to the more the time of Grotius to the Hague operation. complex. Conference of 1899. "Comity"is

One fundamental issue in interIf cooperation implies recithe expression in international law national cooperation is whether procity and mutuality of any that is used to describe assumed the intended scope is viewed agreedupon action, the question or real common interests. Comity

worldwide or less than worldimmediately arises as to whether in automobile traffic assumes that wide. The U.S. efforts since 1945 the faintest possibility exists of drivers will avoid collisions. Howto help rebuild the world finally obtaining any agreement to coever, as with traffic, today's world

ran into trouble. A domestic war operate, assuming its desirability, is an increasingly dangerous one.

on poverty, a foreign war in Vietfor the difficult and vexatious Fears have multiplied as communinam, international assistance proquestion is whether cooperation, cations have brought national grams, agricultural subsidies, and in any instance, even among indidifferences closer to view. Some

all the rest produced a gold crisis viduals, is thinkable, acceptable, comity assumptions have faded.

by 1968. and desirable. The family of The assumedly "open"EuropeanIf worldwide cooperation is atnations embraces all the problems ized society of the nineteenth

130 Improvement Era century, for example, seems to is the one that has generally charTemples life. acterized international conby ourhave been rejected

is travel taxtemporaries. society is and the As far as the open And a

discussed in the United States. concerned, it seems essential Latterday Saints

Needs for international cooperathat a constant statement of its tion, as for sensible traffic convital interests is required.

trols, are therefore greater. The There are hazards in the policy

instruments, techniques, and inof accepting the world as it is. But

volvements of international life perhaps the time has come to have multiplied many times. But fully reckon with those hazards,

mistrust and suspicion are wideand still reaffirm our convictions.

spread. The twentieth century To conserve strength and retain

activities of revolutionary Comindependence of action requires munism have added enormous more tolerance than is currently real and emotional difficulties to observable in most American an already aggravated situation. communities. The necessity of

The Communist nations reject maintaining police authority away open societies. So far as effective from home and taking police acinternational cooperation is contion in clearly established jurisdiccerned, they have to be excluded tions elsewhere will also be chalOrder from

from any open international syslenged. It was challenged in

tem. And the open systems have Korea, and it is being challenged

yet to learn to penetrate the Comin Vietnam. Such exertion of aumunist world, although some thority, short of war, cannot sucCommunist states have become ceed unless a firm new set of 79 South State Street

detached. And nationalism may binational or multinational deSalt Lake City, Utah 84111

add further divisions. fense agreements is undertaken.

In view of the dangers to world, Joint or mutual policing of the Planning to Buy or Rent in national, and individual security, land, air, and water spaces init seems essential to generate volved requires more than nominal WASHINGTON, DC AREA?

more critical discussion of intercooperation. Abandoning the old Booklet: DESTINATION

national relations. Our knowledge "open seas"doctrine, and declarWASHINGTON packed

of the effective instruments of ing the seas and skies to be open with information. Write

cooperation (such as formal aronly to those abiding by the doc6013Mrs. JeannieLeewoodBeck,Dr. Alex.,LDS,

rangements among governments trine and accepting the obligations Va. 703971-5340.

providing international postal, air of "openness,"may be necessary OR contact IF transport, and health services) someday. But that day is not yet

St. 508 N.Washington

suggests efforts at other technical here. Va. 22314 ffOWCll* comanv inc Alex.,

economic, and International cooperation in a REALTORS Phone:703549-1675 levels—political,

cultural. Differences of values, world, half of which rejects the

behavior, and conduct must be very foundations of cooperation, matched by the ability of open socan exist only for those accepting cieties to withstand subversive the obligations attached thereto. FOOD

penetration while yet maintaining And the nations of the free andfreedom and openness at home. open world may well have to abide STORAGE

Three attitudes and policies are by the ideals of the Sermon on theavailable: (1) devising successful Mount, turn the other cheek, and BOOKLET

new instruments for peacefully return good for evil. WHAT SHOULD WE STORE?

changing the behavior of the To turn the cheek, one must STORING TO PREVENT SPOILAGE

Communist states; (2) completely first have a cheek, a healthy one, ROTATION PLAN, ETC.

isolating them from our systems and the ability to turn it after of cooperation until each or any being smitten. Otherwise, there

is willing to abide by the rules of is little possibility for eitherthe game; (3) accepting them for Christian charity or international 7

what they are. The latter course cooperation. O Group Rates Available

WALTER D. BATCH ELOR

61 Beacon Ave., Layton, Utah

June 1968 131 End of an Era

A tourist in Vienna was visiting piano with a sheet of music / know only two tunes; one of

the tombs of the great composers. before him. He would play a them is "Yankee Doodle,"and

As she was about to leave, note, then erase it from the the other isn't.—Ulysses

she noticed some steps going sheet music, play another note, Simpson Grant, United States down to lower rooms. The guide and repeat the erasing process. President

asked, "Would you like to go "What is he doing?"asked

down?"She nodded, and the tourist. "Oh,"said the guide, He who devotes sixteen hours

they descended the steps. There "he is decomposing."—Related a day to hard study may

thev found a man seated at a by George H. Fudge become as wise at sixtv as he

—Marythought himselfWilson Littleat twenty.

Life Among the Mormons My missionary companion and

I had been visiting some contacts at the Fort Bragg Military

Sometimes he's quite a Reservation in North Carolina miliThe betease,; as little boys will andtary werepolicestoppedas we leftby twothe base.

He gets so much enjoyment, My companion, who was drivDeacon it seems, from pestering ing, went back to their jeep to me. * consult with them, and returned

By I even get upset when he twenty minutes later with a

Terry Jensen doesn't wash his face, ticket. He then reached into the

His fingernails are dirty, back seat of our car and took and his hair is out of two copies of the Book of Morplace. mon, one for each of the soldiers.

"Since you were nice enough to

But Sunday when I saw him on give me something,"he told the very front row, them, "I've also got something

Standing with the others, to give you."

their faces all aglow,—Don S. Allison,

The pride welled up inside St. Clair Shores, Michigan

me: I knew how much it * A convention is a gathering of

meant, important people who singly can

As I watched my little do nothing, but together can brother pass the sacradecide that nothing can be done.

. - ment Allen J—Fred

'End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences relating to Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

132 Improvement Era Era of Youth Writing Contest Winners

y Marion D. Hanks, Editor Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

Sailie Clinton Catherine Durrant

Lakewood, Colorado Provo, Utah "Within""A Heart to Understanding'

"It was exciting to read beyond the words into the hearts of so many special young Latterday Saints. I

Full foundthe verymyselfedge ofcompletelymy understanding,engrossed, andoftenultimatelyreachingento larged of soul. Thank you for the sweet experience. Scholarship

So wrote one judge at the conclusion of reading the Winners hundreds of entries in the 1968 Era of Youth writing contest. The entries poured into our office by the

cartons. They were postmarked from all over the

world. They came in near equal numbers from boys

and girls of 17 and up. Some contestants had as many

as 30 entries, each with its own accompanying sealed envelope bearing the true identity of the writer. And

in some cases, several entries by the same person won honors in different categories.

The entries go through a careful screening process, a thorough judging on several levels. When the final

winners had been chosen, the MIA executive officers

Laurel Steed Vernetta losua Las Vegas, Nevada Honolulu, Hawaii "Contrition""Do I Count, Too?"

134 Era of Youth Partial Scholarships Dennis Drake James E. Faulconer Sacramento, California

Korean Mission "A Portrait of Prayer"CashWinners "Revelation"Lowell

Salt M.City,Durham,Utah Jr. Lake

Mary Kenworthy "Alone"Santa Rosa, California Paula MarieCity, LarsenUtah Salt Lake "It Could Happen to Anyone""Tlie Substance"

Wright Utah I,Centerville,Douglas Sally Broadbent "Memories"Stan Greenhaigh

California Davis, Price Ronald Logan, R.Mission Utah "The Sabbath Has Come"First"Austrian"The'Every Has Man

One Friend"Stephen J. Stone Buckingham,Ann EdwardsEngland

San Luis Obispo, California "The Spastic""Check Your Roots, Mister?""Black,McLean,Judith Lowe VirginiaBrown, Yellow,

Red, and White"BarbaraChicago, AzekaIllinois and the Era of Youth staff gathered around a long "The Candle"

Gina BelsheimPark, Cal tornia Newbury conference table and took turns opening the accom- "And Peace Around

Me Fell"panying envelopes and announcing the true identity of CalvinMuskogee,S. AsayOklahoma

"Prayer Rock"the winning writer. We read some of the entries aloud Las NancyCruces,TwittyNew Mexico

and thrilled at the talent of today's youth. "WalkKevinNorth Platte,MarlerWithNebraskaMe"

Little Girl's Surprise'Our thanks to Brigham Young University, Ricks "A

Wayne New York,B. NewGuymonYork College, and Church College of Hawaii for their gen- "Grandfather"

Eyestone erous part in awarding scholarships to deserving Suzanne Ogden,"Samaritan"Utah winners. Our deep appreciation to the many judges Era

Subscriptions

E. Milliman who spent hours of their time reading and evaluating. Palmer,Dianna Alaska

"All the Way Home"

Cunningham Our warm congratulations to the winners, and our CorlissNorth Platte,Rae Nebraska keen appreciation to all who entered. There is victory "Top Secret"

Barbara KayeAlberta,BurnhamCanada Edmonton, in every effort. "Moroni's Lament"

RandyPrice, UtahVal Johnson Since life has a way of overgrowing its own suc- "First Love"

DawnSalem, P.UtahTaylor cesses (as well as its failures), your having written "The Hermit"

Markus B.UtahZimmer something should only be a beginning. There will be "Nepal.Bountiful,

1952"19th August Mary Elizabeth Fox

HillOregon(Louie) Stewart other contests in life, as well as in the Era. Laie, Hawaii WalterMedford,

of Harvest'Van LuikCalifornia Keep alert! 'A Near Disaster""BlackAbrahamLakeview FieldsTerrace,

"Mental Health and Ancient Hebraic Law"

Rebentisch Madelyn

Alexandria, Janell Smith "Dresses VirginiaNot Pink Draper, Utah Brenda Brown and Organdy"

HirtleNew York "Eternity Is"Montpelier, Idaho MaryOssining, 'The Election""Mormon Polygamy:

The Doctrine and the Practice'"

Cynthia Jean Wootton "ToTempe,MyArizonaFriend"Gena Sweatfield WestShirleySandAnnLake,FreckletonNew York

Vernal, Utah "Flight to the Sun"-

RhondaCaliforniaYates "Who Ami?"Chino,

"A Lesson of Love"

David Roy Sturt Laie, Hawaii 'Lines Aboard Ship"

June 1968 135 The Marba C. Josephson, served as a member of the

Marba C. Josephson for many years associate general board of the

managing editor of The Young Women's Mutual

Scholarship Improvement Era, was a Improvement Association.

woman of unusual talent She was the author of who carried out her remany outstanding MIA sponsibilities to this magalessons and of the History zine lovingly, efficiently, of the YWMIA.

and with great wisdom. To encourage young

Her inspiring editorials, writers, which she did so articles, and book reyiews well during her life, and always conveyed her wonto perpetuate her memory, derful gift of written the Young Women's Muexpression. Sister Josephtual Improvement AssoLinda Buhler, 19, of Salt Lake City, is a son was vitally interciation annually awards

student at the University of Utah and a serious writer of demonstrated excellence. ested in writing, and to an outstanding girl who

Talent, teachability, persistent effort mark her promising career. through her wise advice has shown writing ability

and guidance she encourand a desire to progress aged many young people further the Marba C.

to follow this field of enJosephson Scholarship.

deavor. As stated at her This scholarship of $1,200

death: "She was a great is given to the university

humanitarian, a writer's of the girl's choice to be writer, a speaker's speakadministered by them to er, and a charming compay for tuition, books, and panion.... Her faith and other needs as the girl

optimistic outlook were progresses in her chosen a constant source of alfield of creative writing most electrifying power to or journalism. o

others."Florence S. Jacobsen

For 31 years she also YWMIA General President

136 Era of Youth wished Abraham had not told her about the messenger. Her heart

would not have ached as she watched

Nashti and Isaac finish the sling / Isaac would never use. She would

never have known that the trip with % aff W

SlfF 1st the servants to the city of Gerar,**-'* would be Isaac's last nor that Isaac

Kwr #* '** would never see the young lamb recover from the injured leg. She

looked into the spangled sky. Abraham need not have told her until

"W\ after. It was a great compliment, she

knew, but....

'X* % The idea spun crazily in her head.

Surely one word from her even now would change Abraham's decision.

Could she ask it? Could she not ask

Illustrated by Dale Kilhouin it? Isaac was her only son. AbraTOP AWARD Insistently the wind ruffled the ham would not blame her. He had

night and troubled the broad leaves seen the human sacrifices in Ur.

of the trees. Sarah was glad for the He had publicly denounced the

sound. It was companionable and sacrifice of the three virgins by

chill out of the Pharoah's priests, and the "thank"A Heart to somehow took the evening air. sacrifice of the young child. It had

Understanding The night was starlit, and looking been a terrible day. After the ordieastward, Sarah wondered if morning nance at dawn, the priests had come

By Catherine Durrant were close. Time was leaden with with Terah, Abraham's father, to

the thoughts that kept intruding demand that Abraham conform to upon her. It was strange how this the worship Pharoah prescribed.

night had seemed an eternity, the When Abraham refused, the priests three previous days melting like bound him. Well he knew what his

mercury. How fast they had gone, fate would be, but he would not reand yet how long ago they seemed. nounce the Creator of the universe

Isaac, barely 12, seemed strange to that he so often studied. Jehovah

her. How could one who lived so was his God.

fully every hour of the day be sudThe bushes were silver in the denly taken from her? She half moonlight and spread like a bride's

June 1968 137 veil toward the husky brim of Within a few'hours she would bid night. The wind whispered vaguely; her son goodbye for the last time.

the trees rustled with irridescence. Was it possible? Had the time come

Revealed passively from behind the at last? One word from her, she

clouds, the full moon dusted the evethought desperately, one word...

ning with a strange aura. Sarah "Have you been up all night?"

caught her breath. The light arrested Abraham slipped a cloak onto her

every movement as it filtered through shoulders. She nodded. His face bethe growth on the slope, and the trayed a lack of sleep. She could feel

wind seemed barely perceptible. In his strength, his humility, his dediall the world, Sarah thought, the cation, and emotion overwhelmed her.

lights of heaven have chased night. "Shinehah,"Abraham said quietly.

Beyond these hills there is nothing "The sun is coming up."

of night and halting darkness. In the low clouds the sun color

She had reassured him. It was so deepened into velvet folds of scarlet

easy to have faith and do the right and crimson. It looked fierce and

thing when Abraham was near. Just ominous, mixed with the charcoal

being near him gave her strength. clouds, but as they watched, the

He was a good man, and she could clouds moved away. White and gold

feel it. blended that celestial fire into a brilIt was "meet in the sight of the liant spectacle.

Lord,"he had told her, as he exNight's mantle receded before the plained the Lord's command. Sarah brightening rays. The air was still

shivered at the thought. It was inand clear. The murmuring wind

congruent with the portending sacceased. There were no illusions in the

rifice. Patiently Abraham had spoken morning light.

to her, sorrow in his voice, but faith, Sarah looked at her husband.

too. His manner always gentle and There were tears in his eyes, but

quiet, he had spoken with full convichis face was serene. Humility was

tion. Why should she wrestle this his mantle, and she shared in his

matter? Abraham was sure. Wasn't strength. She drew the cloak closer

that enough? Surely it was her duty around her as they stood silently toto obey her husband. gether. An eternity of understanding

But even as she thought it, Sarah dawned gently with the sunrise, and knew that duty was a naked virtue. Abraham touched her hand. They

It was a poor thing to borrow on. turned toward the tent. Sarah knew

The valley was becoming light that in a few hours Abraham and around her. She closed her eyes. Isaac would start for Moriah. o

138 Era of Youth illustrated by Ted Nagata

TOP AWARD

Every Man Has One Friend

By Stan Greenhalgh

Harry walked up the cracked sidewalk onto and the catch and slipped the catch. He forced

the porch. The door was locked. the door open and stepped into the kitchen. A

"No key,"he said to himself disgustedly. castiron stove was against one wall with a box

"Didn't want to come here in the first place. of coal beside it. There was a door on either side.

Don't know how I got this job. I didn't even He opened both doors. One led to a storage room,

know the old man."the other to a bathroom.

None of the relatives knew Harry's uncle. He On the cabinet opposite the stove was a

was a black sheep, but someone had to make a toaster, the only modern appliance in the room.

list of his belongings. That was the only way Harry took a pencil and notebook from his

they could be divided. pocket and listed the toaster. He pulled out the

Harry walked around the house to the back. drawer in the top of the cabinet and shoveled

"Out of place,"he thought, looking up at the out the disarranged silverware. It was the cheaphouse. est kind of silver, and dirty. "Might be worth

A tree in the backyard was the only one in the a little to a secondhand dealer,"he thought.

neighborhood. Leaves were scattered over the He moved into the living room. "One sofa and

yard and on the lawns on both sides. The other one chair,"he mumbled. "We'll probably have

houses were red brick. His uncle's was a faded to pay someone to haul them off."There was a

white frame building. lamp beside the sofa. He wrote it down as an

The back door was also locked, so Harry slid antique because it had handpainted flowers on the blade of his pocketknife between the frame the base.

June 1968 139 A knock on the front door startled him. He toward Harry, who was still in the doorway.

unbolted the door and opened it. Two women Harry steadied himself for a bitter argument.

stood on the porch. Both wore simple print "Hello, sir,"the man said.

dresses, and one had an apron on. The older of Harry decided that he was not the husband

the two stepped boldly into the room. of one of the women.

"My name is Mrs. Jensen,"she said. "This is "Are you the nephew of the old man who lived

Mrs. Tolley. Are you from the building departhere?"

ment? They said they'd send someone.""Yes,"Harry said. "Are you from the buildHarry was confused. "I'm sorry,"he said. "I ing commission?"

don't understand. Please come in.""No, sir, I'm from the grocery store on Fourth

The two ladies stepped into the room. Street. We delivered to your uncle."

"A mess, isn't it?"said Mrs. Jensen, looking "What do you want?"Harry asked.

around. "Just like we told you.""Your uncle owed a bill."

"Harriet!"scolded the other. "How much?"

"If you'd just explain,"said Harry. "Ten dollars,"the man said.

"You are the man from the city department,"Harry took ten dollars from his wallet and questioned Mrs. Jensen, less sure than before paid the bill. The man left. Harry closed the

"the City Building Department?"door and took out the list again. He made a note

"No, I'm not,"Harry said. "I doubt if you'd of the ten dollars. There was nothing else in the

find him here either. No one lives here any living room.

more."The bedroom was on one side of the living

"We know,"said Mrs. Tolley, "but the man room. Harry opened the door and walked in.

was supposed to come. Who are you?"The room was quite small and musty. He wrote

"I'm the nephew of the deceased,"Harry said. down a bed and a chest of drawers. A photoHe felt a little too dramatic in saying "the graph hung on the wall. It was a picture of a

deceased."young lady by a tree. Harry didn't know who

The two ladies stepped back, visibly startled. she was. His uncle had never married. He

"Can I help you in any way?"Harry asked. opened the top drawer in the chest and saw a few

"Oh, dear. I'm sorry about your uncle,"said old letters and pictures tied together in bundles

Mrs. Tolley. "We'll go now."with string. Harry looked at the addresses on

"Harriet!"Mrs. Jensen grabbed her arm. "He the envelopes. None of the names were familiar

should know, don't you think?"to him.

"Know what?"Harry asked. In the corner was a wooden box. Harry took

"We've asked the city to condemn this it out and dumped its contents on the bed. Most

property,"said Mrs. Jensen. of the pile was junk, a few old cuff links and tie

"Condemn!"Harry was shocked by the word. clips. One thing attracted Harry's attention.

"Why?"It was an old silver watch. He picked it up and

"It's a public nuisance,"said Mrs. Jensen. turned it in his hand. An inscription on the back

"A fire hazard,"said Mrs. Tolley. "We've read "With Love, Alice."Harry wound it, but

been trying to get rid of it for years."it didn't run. He put it in his pocket, wondering

"Who decided this?"asked Harry. He was who Alice might be. He left the room and

irritated. walked back to the kitchen.

"We did... our husbands... everybody in He was opening the bathroom when the back

the neighborhood,"stammered Mrs. Jensen. door clicked open, and he turned to see who it

Harry held the door open for them. "You can was. A small boy stood just inside the kitchen

leave now,"he said. and stared at Harry. He had freckles and dark

"You don't need to be rude!"said Mrs. hair that hung in his eyes. His jeans were

Jensen. "Come on, Harriet."faded and dirty at the knees. He wore sneakers.

The two women walked out. "I came to see George,"he said.

"You understand?"said Mrs. Tolley, turning Harry smiled at him. He liked kids.

around. "Who's George?"he questioned.

Harry didn't answer. The women walked to "My friend,"the boy replied.

the gate. A man in a gray suit opened the gate "There aren't any other boys here,"Harry

and talked with them for a minute, then started said.

140 Era of Youth "George isn't a boy. He lives here.""Come on,"he said. He walked in and sat on

Harry realized that the boy was talking about the living room sofa. Timmy followed and sat

his uncle. on the other end.

"You mean the old man?"Harry asked. "Mrs. Tolley your mother?"Harry asked.

"Yeah, George! Where is he?""My name's Jensen, Timmy Jensen. I live

Harry was surprised at the question. He next door,"Timmy said.

didn't feel like explaining death to the boy. That Harry thought Mrs. Jensen would tan the

was a job for the boy's mother, probably one of boy's hide if she knew where he was.

the women he had just talked with. "Are you supposed to be here?"Harry asked.

"He's gone,"Harry said. "How come you "George said I could come,"Timmy said.

didn't knock?"Harry couldn't imagine an old man on bad

"George said I didn't have to,"the boy said, terms with everyone in the neighborhood asking craning his neck to see into the front room. "You one of their kids to come see him.

sure George isn't here?""Does your mother know you're over here?"

"Yes,"Harry said. "He's gone.""Don't know,"Timmy said. "I come over all

"Can I stay?"the time. George is my friend."

Harry was about to tell him that he couldn't, "Does your mother know you come over?"

but he thought talking to the boy might make "Nope. She doesn't like George,"Timmy said.

the house less dreary. "How do you know that?"Harry asked.

"Yes, I guess, kid,"he said. "Just stick close.""She wants him to move,"Timmy said.

Harry went into the bathroom, and the boy Harry looked out the window to see if Timmy's walked across the kitchen to follow him. Harry mother was looking for him on the street. She

listed the toilet fixtures. They were the newest wasn't there.

things in the house. They probably only recently "Where's George?"Timmy asked.

replaced a backyard privy. He chuckled to think "He went on a long trip,"Harry said. That was

what the neighbors would say about an outdoor a stock answer for death.

privy. Timmy dropped his head. "Is he coming

"What's your name?"the boy asked. back?"

"Harry. What's yours?""No, he's not coming back, Timmy."

"Timmy.""He said he might."

"That's a good name,"Harry replied. "Said he might what, Timmy?"Harry asked.

He opened the medicine chest and found an "Might go and not come back."

old shaving mug and a razor. He put the razor Harry didn't know what to say. Timmy bit

in the pocket with the watch. He turned the his lip, and Harry saw tears coming into the

watch over several times with his fingers. It was boy's eyes.

strange that his uncle should have such a token. "I've got to go now,"Timmy blurted out. He

He was sure that he didn't get it from any of his stood up and ran to the front door, crying. Harry

neighbors. Harry wondered if the woman, Alice, followed him outside.

were dead. "Since I don't want the watch, it "Wait, Timmy,"Harry said. He reached into

would be nice to send it to her,"he thought, his pocket and took out the watch.

though he knew it was impossible. "George wanted you to have this."Harry

"You George's friend?"Timmy asked. handed the watch to the boy.

"His nephew,"Harry said, turning to leave the "He did?"Timmy asked wonderingly, wiping

room. "Come on, kid."away a tear.

Harry walked to the storage room. Timmy took the watch from Harry carefully. %

"There's nothing here,"he said to himself. He turned and sprinted away, holding the watch

"This is George's workroom,"Timmy said. H with both hands.

"We're going to build a boat. That's what the Harry watched him run down the sidewalk

boxes are for. It'll be a real nice boat. George until he couldn't see the boy anymore; then he

said it would be."locked the door and walked to the gate.

"I'll bet it will be,"Harry said. He was finHe turned to have a last look. The house was a

ished with the list. He looked at the boy again. dirty, onestory building in a clean suburb. But

"Cute kid,"he thought. He liked kids. They Harry wasn't thinking of the house. He was

always had something to say. hinking about his uncle.

June 1968 Illustrated by Ted Nagata 141 %James parked the car in the office party. She had seemed

garage and then just sat. He like such a nice girl. Before he

couldn't go in to see his -parents knew it he was taking her out yet, not so soon. Everything ayid going to her parties. The

had happened so fast that he parties had fascinated him.

had to have a chance to think The people were all friendly, it over first. willing to accept him. It was

Being away for the summer their friendliness that made

TOP AWARD had done something to him. It him want to join their other

was a stranger to the old activities. Slowly but surely

James who now sat in his he was led to their way of driveway. Row could he make thinking, and then Saturday

his parents understand that? night-—iv ell, really it had beenIt Could Happen

Life had been so simple before, inevitable. He had been so

to Anyone but now this. happy then. What was wrong

?By Mary Kenworthy Becky was a wonderful girl. now

Maybe he even loved her. But James decided to pray before

it wasn't love that inspired the he went in. The word "prayer"

events of last Saturday night. sounded funny, oddly out of

It was a stronger force, a complace.

pelling force that he had never "Dear Heavenly Father, help known before. No, he didn't my family to accept me."

think it was just because of Slowly a new courage, crept

Becky. It would probably have over him. What was done was

happened under the right cirdone. He couldn't change it.

cumstances with anyone. After He didn't need to change it

all, he'd never been in a crowd anymore.

like that before, under the inQuickly he sprang from the fluence of that kind of people. car and ran in to his family.

They had shown him a lot more After the hugs and kisses he about life than he ever thought drew in his breath and stood existed. He had been sure then up a little taller, and tears

that he wanted to join their came to his eyes as he spoke, ivay of life. Noiv, however, as "Mom, Dad, I'm not sure

he faced his parents'and his you'll understand me when I church's teachings, doubt raced tell you what I've done. It goes

through his mind. against all I've ever been

The moments leading up to it taught. But I thought it over

came back to him clearly.... and I did it. I've been baptized

Illustration by Bill Whittaker He had met Becky at an a Mormon!"

TOP AWARD

Within

TOP AWARD By. Sallie Clinton

... Too often

I have paused in unbelief in an attempt Free Love to become a Man of Intellect—

"logical,"By Sallie Clinton they call him;

too often Free love? I have hesitated

Yes—Isn't that what when prayer's tunnel

has always made seemed a way love... love? too long, and lonely;

But unrestrained gratification of too often one's lusts I have wasted Isn't it selfprecious traveling hours control that groping in vain separates man for "outside proofs."

from animals? It is the most difficult journeyYes. Love is free. Inward.

Lust has an But it is from there ugly price. that I have heard the low,

yet constant cry of Innate Truth.

The ivay is there:

I have brought it with me.

Fleet footsteps falling in the twilight rain

Stalk the cabin walls with stealthy feet,

TOP AWARD Nudge the loglocked walls of mindretreat,

And whisper words that should not speak again.

"Who is it now?"the question in me calls.

No answer is returned except the hiss

Birthing Of hushing voices, taunting me. At this

I slam the door. The walkers of the walls

By Linda Buhler Choke with laughter, then are still. Forlorn,

Marba C. Josephson Award Winner I walk to hear the breezes lurk in pines;

They genuflect before they dare to moan

The curious keening sung to birth the storm.

Whitegloved hands clap lightningmarked designs,

Until there fall no footsteps but my own.

June 1968 143 No knoivledge is free for the asking;

It presumes preparation, assigns obligation.

Still, the investment is a wise one.

He sought no grail—the quest was not his choice,

And the popular pagan way was not his way.

On Joseph Smith's 162nd Birthday CouldTo dismissthink a seventeenmere boy'scenturiesprayer of error!

(December 23, 1967) Could preview temples, Saints, and scripture!

Could preface so much hate, or so much gratitude!

By Dennis Drake He asked an answer and received a purpose.

He knew early the pain of persecution, and accepted it,

Not with pity but with passion.

The Prophet's ivay is not the people's way

Nor has it been since Abel's death:

TOP AWARD Dispensations are 7iot symbols of success.

A Portrait of Prayer

Bv Dennis Drake

Prayer is a dialogue, not a monologue. invigorating prescription, an antidote

It opens a spiritual channel between for unnecessary cares and qualms, a man and his Immortal Guide. President catalyst for further spiritual endeavors.

McKay says that prayer is "a message Prayer provides an individual with of the soul.... The language is not an honest analysis of himself. It

mere words but spirit vibration."teaches him the ability to appraise himPrayer can predict our progress. If it self realistically and rightly—not as

is a true blueprint of our intent, it will compared to the neighbors next door, articulate the best of each of us. the group at the office, or his graduatPrayer constitutes deep thoughts and ing class, but to himself and how well

institutes deeper ones. It is part of the he is running the race of life as an

key to wisdom. The Prophet Joseph individual, evaluated only according to

was instructed by Moroni: "Forget not his inherent "talents"and his use of

to pray, that thy mind may become them.

strong."Prayer teaches, indeed admits, the

Prayer requires faith, and builds it, reality of God. It is a testimony of

and permits each of us to experience faith, a daily autobiography, a personal the feelings of gratitude, humility, and portrait.

hope. Prayer can resolve any doubt, remove

Prayer provides relief from mundane any fear, guide and inspire, and teach burdens through sharing the responsithe eternal truths.

bilities of life with another. It is an Is God really dead? Ask him O

144 Era of Youth

Located immediately south of St. George, tect, William Neff), a manmade lake Owned and developed by:

LAND JOHNSON COMPANY first offramp on the nearly completed from the Virgin River, an elegant club Johnson Land is a Utah partnership Company 1-15 Freeway to Las Vegas. house, swimming pools, community horse composed of Franklin D. Johnson, attorney, 1 1 75

Bloomington Ranches / Country Club is corrals and stables, children's play area, 2nd Avenue, Salt Lake City, Utah; Glendon E.

president, vice senior executive Great

Insurancenow creating Southern Utah s first 1 8-hole luxury condominium suites—along with Johnson,Southern Life Co., 2929 Buffalo Speedway,

golf course (by eminent golf course archi- a limited number of exclusive sites for Houston, Texas; Clifton I. Johnson, general

yeararound homes or exceptional manager, Canada Life Insurance Company, second homes. 2010HeadquartersEast 1400 Office:South, Bountiful,Johnson LandUtah.Co., 610 East

Bloomington is in the heart of Western South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah recreation, with Las Vegas and Lake Bank: Walker Bank & Trust Co., Main Office,

Mead a few minutes'drive to the south SaltLegalLakeCounsel:City, UtahFowler, Johnson, Stringham and

on the new freeway and Brian Head ski Christensen, 340 East 4th South, Salt Lake City, Utah resort and the Utah parks just minutes Accountants: Pinnock, Gadd and Co., Newhouse

to the north. Architects:Building, SaltEdwardsLake. City,andUtahDaniels, 525 East 3rd

Exclusive sales agents: South, Salt Lake City, Utah

IVORY AND BOYER COMPANY Engineers: Bush and Gudgell, 555 South 3rd East,

ARIZONA 610 East South Temple, 165 North 100 East, Salt Lake City, Utah

Salt Lake City, Utah 84102 St. George, Utah 84770 Title lnsurance:Title Insurance Agency of Utah,

Phone (801) 322-1?! 1 Phone (801) 6734694 248 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

O Z #omework can be tough, but it has to be JL -M* done to lay a groundwork for the future. cLi/e Insurance

Every father dreams for his son a future rich in opportunity and satisfaction, rewarding in terms offinancial security. By backing up his dreams with helpsJulfill the

an insurance program that will assure his children training, or college education, advanced technicala premise ofthe future future. uncertainty out of the take the father cana

Whatever your dreams for the future, ground with a wellin protect reality and themthem Life BENEFICIAL LIFE Beneficial program. insurance Yourplanned

agent will be happy to work with you on that piece of homework! Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah