Kfe, Inspiration! Education! Leadership Training!

Are You Coming to June Conference?

Special Features This is the % Department Sessions

The outstanding features of the Schedule of Events Department sessions for this conJune Conference this year inference have been planned more clude the presentation of the FRIDAY, JUNE 10 efficiently and more systematictheme of the conference, introOpening Session ally this year than ever before.

duction of the new slogan, the Superintendents'and Presidents Practically the entire day on Satis conreception to to departannual devoted dance and urday be Luncheon attest Saltair, introduction of discussions, demonstrations ment Sectional Meetings features. contest Genand The I. departsongs, the A.new M. in at Saltair Reception and Finals eral been committees have Board sessions, themental George Contest Dance to for at planning months, work

exerBi-centennialWashington this greatest the conference make 11 SATURDAY, JUNEcises the with temple block on I. history. deof A. Every M.

the planting of a memorial tree, General Assembly partment leader will get somethe contest finals in all events, Departmental Meetings thing worthwhile. Plans for the

the Grand Musical Festival on George Washington BiCentennial department work for the coming diswill presented year be and Exercises night, the testimonySaturday afcussed. will be Opportunity Finals Contest meeting'Morning, Sunday on for forded Stake and Ward Festival Music Grand tabersessions generalthe in the their to present workers problems

nacle Sunday morning and afterSUNDAY, JUNE 12 and get help from those assemis excellent This an opthe placingnoon, of the M. I. General Hall bled. Session—Assembly start to portunity get the a good on bronzeA. Tablet on Temmeeting Special Testimony

next year's program. The newple wall marking the original General Sessions—Tabernacle—

Salt Lake Base and Meridian and Morning and Afternoon department for the group bethe general session in the TaberSunday Evening Special Session tween the M MenGleaners and nacle Sunday night which closes Tabernacle Adults will be launched Churchthe conference. (Theme—"Youth and Religion") wide.

To Stake and Ward Officers and Leaders

The annual June conference marks the culminanot; great, M. I. A. officers and leaders are urged

tion of the work of the year just past and the to make every reasonable effort to attend as introduction of the program for the year ahead. many sessions of the conference as possible.

This year, more than ever, with so much enThe General Executives and members of the forced leisure, our problems are serious. Where General Boards have worked diligently to make

officers and department leaders can consistently this conference as helpful to stake and ward and reasonably plan to attend this convention officers as is humanly possible. Every session

it is urged that they do so. Those who are to will be full of interest and helpful ideas. The

conduct the work next year will secure valuable new features will make the conference different.

assistance in preparation for their responsibilities The theme selected is a challenge to every M. I.by attending this conference, with its inspira- A. worker—"The Opportunity of the Hour—tion, education and leadership training. In To Enrich Leisure—To Spiritualize Recreanearby stakes, especially, where the expense is tion."

A Great Conference With a Great Theme

Three Days of Real Mutual Improvement

Friday—Saturday—Sunday

June, 1011-12, 1932 ffhem vemetrt Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement Associations and the Department of Education

of the Family FORECAST For Every Member

UAROLD W. BENTLEY, EDITORIALS

Manager of the Columbia Love Toward All Heber J. Grant 450

University Book. Store at 116th "Man Has Forever"Harrison R. Merrill 450

Street and Broadway, New York What Is So Rare as a Day Elsie T. Brandley 451

City, contributes to the July issue Improvement Era an ARTICLES t of Thearticle—"Georgeunusual WashJustice Social 453 H. Governor Tomorrow G. Dern City."Theington York in New

in Greatness Fielding Smith S. Hinckley Bryant 458 illustratedarticle will some be Men—Josephof by

Cities of Ancient Franklin Mexico S. Harris 462 publicacolonial ofreproductions Travel Broadens C. Cornwall 464 One Claude

pictures obtainedtions by and to Desert? the Sahara Is Utah as Dry as Become L. Martin 466 Thomas

special permission from the New The M. I. A. Writes its Name in Enduring Stone and Bronze Jofrn D. Giles 468

York Library. Mr. Bentley was Here Comes the Bride Adah R. Naylor 475

born in Mexico and received his Beauty in the Home Lutie H. Fryer 476

undergraduate education in Utah. The Very Last Word in Printing Old Glory Felix J. Koch 479

Habits Health Poulson 482 and How to Avoid Them J. R. conducted he an ago few yearsA

in Les Goates 484 Ten Thousand Ten universitiesathletic of and survey and Weary Not be Shall Runcolleges for the Carnegie FoundaThey

Defeat of Canada Boys Champions Helen Kimball Orgill 486 Mormon tion. Basketball University 486 Brigham Young Team

'HpHE story of The Echo CanMarloweRicks'CollegeBrothers 487487 yon War and the indomitable of President Brighamspirit Fox FICTION by Ruth MayYoung is told in a narrative poem of more than Ma Moody Robert LeVitre 456 three hundred lines. In this saga Godmother Carta Wolfe 470

by a pioneer woman over seventy seen these has ageyears of who POETRY fill people, withvalleys Utah may have an epic for the ages. To My Father Rosannah J. Cannon 452 Eighteen Ruth May Fox 474

/VTHER features of the July Proof 1 Clifford L. Walters 474

If 474 Eggertson You Please Virginia fiction, will include number Vance 474 Dobson Books W. articles by and illustratedpoetry 4 74 Watene Makaia Diademwellknown and unknown Roads Olive W. Burt 474

authors. Coward's Prayer Walter Teed 474

A short feature of the July Era AprilThe MonumentDay. RosannahGiven M.J. LinfocdCannon 474478 will be a description of the I Like To Camp Weston JV. Nordgren 481

Mormon Battalion Monument by When June Comes Back Helen K. Orgill 485

President B. H. Roberts. A pic- "To Your Mother"Miriam J. Warnick 488

Foster Bess Smith 490 will be Homesick theture of monument

Bischoff Gladys 503 The Pirate's Purpose magathe cover of thefeatured on zine. DEPARTMENTS

The Cover This Month Church Music Committee 490 npHE cover picture is a photoMelchizedek Priesthood 491 graph of a mountain area in Aaronic Priesthood 492

Idaho. photograph The 5 1 was furMutual—let's talkMessagesit over 494 Stevensnished and Wallis. by

Published monthly by the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Salt Office, at the Post Entered OFFICES: EDITORIAL AND Ballard, EXECUTIVE Business Mgr. Melvin J. BLDG, SALT LAKE OFFICE City> secondclass Utah> as CITY, UT. Lake Mgr. 406 CHURCH Clarissa Beesley, Asso. Bus. A.

Improvement Mutual Men's Young by the 1932, B. Peterson, O. Corporation Church Ass't Bus. Mgr. Copyright,Association of the Jesus Christ matter.special rateAcceptanceof postageforprovidedmailing forat George Q. Morris, o*freserved. rights Saints. All of Latterday

Rachel Grant Taylor, Subscription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; in section 1103, Act of October,

Chairmen Era and Publicity 20c a Single Copy. 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

I IL A Harrison R. Merrill Elsie fTalmage Brandley

Managing Editor Associate Editor

Heber J. Grant, Editor

Love Toward All all of our young people that than that wonderful revelation, Section 121, given/WANT to say to

I hope they never get the impression, because they to the Prophet of God while he was in Liberty Jail, fail to live up to the Word of Wisdom and the other God bless you one and all, and I do bless you by teachings of this Church, that there is any hatred in the authority of the Priesthood of the living God my heart towards them. I try that I hold, and in the name of

to love my enemies, to say nothing Jesus Christ, Amen.

the of sons of the daughters and conGRANT'S RESIDENT *-D readand men would women who the at eluding statement ily give their lives for this cause. April, 1932, Annual Conference

There is no section in the DocofLatter-daythe ChurchSaints.of JesusSpeechChrist deof

trine and Covenants that I have livered Sunday afternoon, April quoted oftener and that I have 10.

tried to live up to more perfectly iiMan Has Forever 99

has forever.""brighter than the noonday sun."'TlW 7 HAT'Sman time? Leave now for dogs and apes; enjoyment until the ecstacy of being shall glow

Robert Browning once voiced the above thought, Enlargement of capacity comes through exercise.

or a thought something like that, indicating that he Therefore just as the footracer pushes his time down recognized the fact that man is not a mere breath that from eleven to ten to nine and ninetenths seconds is here today and gone tomorrow. He is a continuing through intelligent training, any of us, by following

personality and, therefore, should live today as if the same methods, can improve our appreciation for he were going to live always. music, increase our enjoyment of a sunrise, our

A man with that sort of vision must believe in pleasure in honest and hard toil, our intellectual joy an evolving capacity for enjoyment or some of the in the reading of a good book, our satisfaction over coming eternities can present nothing but a drab and the performance of a good deed by becoming acbarren waste. He must find his joys today in those quainted with music, color, toil, etc., and by repeatactivities which will pyramid his joys tomorrow. edly performing good deeds.

He will know better than to gorge himself emotionTo be fully alive we must keep all of our capacities ally now for fear of becoming incapacitated in days alive. People who do one thing to the exclusion or

to come, but will follow a temperate, sane program almost the exclusion of all other things are not living which will keep his physical, intellectual, and spiran abundant life. They have, so to speak, "feelers"

itual natures at their most receptive best. or sense organs Out in only one direction whereas they

Shakespeare played with the problem rof continuity might have them out in many. The woman wku>

of personality in two of his finest passages: one a gives all her time to bridge knows little of the joys

soliloquy by Macbeth, the other by Hamlet. Both of welfare work or church service; the man who fishes.

of those hardpressed gentlemen contemplated suicide, every moment spared from the office or farm knows but both believed in a hereafter and were intelligent little of the rigors of mountain climbing; the rich

enough to decide against the fatal step. Both conyouth who has never had to match his growing

cluded that it would do little good merely to "shuffle strength against that of mature men in strenuous off this mortal coil"when the spirit lives on and work has never known the exhilaration which comes on and on. from knowing that he is at last a man!

its The abundant life—life at best—is not found Man has forever! The Church has emphasized

by living today entirely for tomorrow. Not at all, that thought. The Mutual Improvement Associations.

but merely as if there were to be a tomorrow. It is have built upon the idea by preparing a program

found in living today to the full capacity of the which is intended to round out and complete the mortal machine, but not one thrill beyond that canormal life of man. They hope to lay foundations

pacity.days—foreverThe machineand forever—enlargingmust be ready forits capacitythe comingfor forforever.enjoymentH. R.uponM. which the individual may build

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 451

What is So Rare as a Dayf T OWELL added "in June"to the query, but it is poses of recreation."Traveling is not necessary.for

1J appropriate to August, December or March as recreation; money is not essential; only one thing is

well. Days all have weather of a sort, and what may vital and that thing is mental attitude. To see

be "perfect days"to you may lack something for me. things with new eyes; to hear with new ears; to find

If you prefer the balminess of spring and early sumcolor in what was once drab and light in erstwhile recreational, and are within the mer, it is yours for, the taking; someone else may be darkness—these are

dreaming of the fall when winds will blow in the reach of everyone.

night, and trees will sigh, and dry leaves make crackThis is a summer when many will bemoan the fact ling carpet underfoot. You may revel in the warmth, that their financial condition does not justify a vacathe lush meadows, the laziness of August; your neartion away from home; and they will feel that there is

est neighbor might long for the crispness, the chill, the no holiday for them this year. Others will make thimenergetic tang of winter. But whether it comes in June selves a vacation, even though they never step off

or at Christmas time, it is a secret of their manufactured day—and than that noththeir own land. The

ing is more rare. Not that a day is rare in the sense holiday, their recreational period, will be renewed

of being infrequent, hard to find, unexpected or origappreciation of their knowledge that nothing is more inal in its workings; but it is something which, once rare than a day—in June or at any other time. They

gone, will never come again. Another day will come, will see the western mountains beautiful in the mornbut that will be another day, rare as the day before ing, with the white light of the early sun shining

it and the day after it, but not the same as either of upon snowcovered peaks. They will see the eastern

them. mountains taking on loveliness as the sun moves

If the sun appeared only once a year; if roses across the sky to cast shadows on the green of the

bloomed but once in ten; if there were a dawn and pines. Skies will be expanses of blue rapture, draped

a sunset but once in a lifetime, what celebrations with the billowy whiteness of clouds. Waters will

would accompany the phenomena when they took sing and birds will call. Green shoots will pierce the

place. Breathtaking, aweinspiring, impressive in ground, and grow, incredibly, into flowers and grassevery way they would become; and yet they would es; into vegetables and fruits; into grain for men to

be no different than they are now. Glowing, warmeat. And none of the wonder and loveliness of naing, lightgiving the sun is today; fragrant, velvety, ture's prodigal beauty will be lost.

mysterious the blossoming of this June's roses; opal, Spare time is not essential to the bringing to pass

pearl and rosyhued the dawn this morning; golden of a vacation. It can be woven into other things, if

and purple the shadows of this evening's sunset. necessary, and accomplished during the same time as

Richard Cabot says: "Can you resist satiety? Only something else. Poetry can be learned while peas are

by miracle, it seems; for every day you and all of us being shelled, and the memorizing of the immortal

pay cool insults to the clouds, the trees and the lines of immortal men can change one's entire outcities, to pictures and books, to fire, rain and nightlook. Learn songs which you love but have never

fall. You turn upon them the ignominy of your taken time to really study and know. Play games

neglect and upon yourself that ignominy returns while the stockings are being mended. Change your

a thousandfold. With shame you discover that the mind about what is work and what is play. If you

picture on your wall is practically invisible to you can't go on a vacation, have one wherever you are.

after the first few months. Just with the tail of Every day during the entire summer can be made to

your eyei your brush across it now and then. Yet it yield at least part of an hour for joyous disenthrallhas done nothing to deserve such treatment. It has ment from the labors of the day. Putting together

not degenerated. It is you who have degenerated, those random hours will supply you, before the sumyour color and freshness that have faded, your mental mer is gone, with several days of happy relaxation.

structure that has collapsed."* Today is here. Breathe deeply of its good air and

taste.its the sweetness of exhilaration. the at Look of people, group standing the rim on of Bryce A mountains, stand straight. and the at more Look silently looking into and theCanyon colorful groits sky, partake of serenity. and kinship calm Findtesquerie the of below, a chasm heard say, bystander

trees; the the share with birds; joyousness of the andflippantly, this canyon "Y'know, seemed marvelous that in "God's know His heaven."

first it."theto a time this In words, few I saw me

is yours. Take it into your life, and exman had admitted his own artistic degeneration. It Today

was he, not the marvels of the canyon that had tract from it all you can to enrich the days to come.

changed. Use today to become better acquainted with someone

you have not liked very well; perhaps it needs only

Summer time is vacation time for most people; it the time today offers to give you a chance to find

can be for everyone, whether or not work is suspenthe good in that person.

taken.ded definition dictionary and trips says The

is brief. In Today and woods seashore hills and is aa vacation a holiday; in activities change

are for people taking it for a pleasure. day of grant God recreation. ofpurposes It does not suggest that there

must be a journey, a cessation of work, a change in that no moment of today's passing hours,may be anything by fleeting, unworthy. toThoughlocality. a into hyphen By putting one word we marred of eternity. part day is a each its joy of May moment activities inhave the definition "a change for purcontain elements will which for eternal uplift; make

*"What Men Live By,"by Richard Cabot, M. D. for joys which will long outlast the day!—E. T. B.

v>&$rj y v 03 r * m m*jaajjo v.

*/ >, O i rv $ m. o

4 \M J u">1S J

J

V1 V sm 'fcS.'B Sdi

// 4 fr

/ / 1 > f//fj'/-''t C%iather eJ

I 0U, who so loved the Springy are gone, and I

Await this first May with no uttered cry.

I shall be brave, for you loved courage, too.

, i7 fu I shall not weep at green shoots pushing through $ The earth that holds you, or at melting snow,

New bursting buds, or robins. I shall go

Mutely enough among these living things,

Stilling within me tears and wonderings.

But I shall have to close my eyes to these—

Moonbeams upon white blossoming apple trees,

Where once we lived in beauty one brief hour.

How can I bear to see these trees in flower?

What lies between us, what dark sort of wall,

That Spring should come and you not hear it call?

By Rosannah J. Cannon

w.- Are we making social -progress? Is there a social order ahead of us which will assist in

solving many of the perplexing problems of today? Governor George H. Dem suggests

methods of bringing about better conditions.

ocial Justice 0/Tomorrow subject, "Social Justice Address by ent light, I think social justice ofTHEof Tomorrow,"is an altomorrow ought to be. With more

luring topic, for it opens light I may have different views the way to talk about Utopias, next year, for one who neverand I suppose we all have our Governor changes his opinions never makes mental Utopias. any progress.

When one talks of tomorrow George H.Dernhe invades the realm of prophecy, T AM not advocating the rather

which is dangerous territory for discredited doctrine of nonin- one who is not endowed with the Utah State Conference of terference, for that doctrine is gift of prophetic vision. When Social Work, Brigham probably responsible for many of

I speak of social justice of tomorthe appalling evils of which we row I can only make a guess, and Young University complain; but it does seem to me

the prinbetter preserve guess the to than is no ought wemy Provo y Utah that special for best I specialnext ciple can man's. reward of do The

is to tell you what, with my presJanuary 29, 1932 effort of service.

454 The Improvement Era for June, 1932

What are some of the evils I remind myself that my subject of my youthful confidence in the which we denounce as evidences is social justice of tomorrow, and old copy book motto, 'Truth is of social injustice? Let us not not social injustice of today. I mighty and will prevail,"and in

look for them too far from home. have briefly mentioned present the theory that the world is conTwo days ago an official who is conditions merely to emphasize stantly growing better. I am afraid

in position to know the facts, the need for a better future. We it is not so automatic as that. If

told me that there are 10,000 permust not be smugly content with it were, "the glory that was Greece sons out of work in Salt Lake our present system. and the grandeur that was Rome"

County; that some of them stay I do not look forward to a would not have been submerged

in bed to keep warm because they future when there shall again be in the cruel ignorance and superhave no fuel; that in some cases seven million men out of work in stition of the Dark Ages. The

the food which is being doled out the United States, with only this world keeps getting better only to them is barely enough,to keep difference, that they shall be better so long as there are enough people soul and body together; that unsupported in their idleness. That who are actively working to make

dernourished children are being might be an improvement upon it better.

stunted and damaged for life; and what we have this year, but it An old prophet said, "Where

that anger and resentment are runwould hardly be a remedy at all. there is no vision the people perning higher every day. ish."He, too, saw that progress

I don't call that social justice. CURELY, humanity will never is not automatic, but depends upThe same condition is found be satisfied until business and on leadership. I glory that we

throughout our great country. industry are so stabilized and conhave so many idealists in Utah,

There are from seven million to trolled that this wicked thing and that we are not all "hard twelve million men in the United called unemployment has been boiled."Out of this Leadership

States today wearing out sole banished from the face of the Week surely there will come real leather looking for jobs when earth. leaders who will carry forward

there are no jobs. Is it a square That is an easy thing to say, the torch of brotherhood and jusdeal that these good American citibut a tremendously difficult thing tice.

zens, who are ready, able and to accomplish. About all we can The phrase, social justice, covers

anxious to work, must roam about do at this time is to state it as a every phase of human relationin idleness, while their wives and social ideal toward which we ships. It is as broad as the phrase,

children starve and freeze? should be striving. The greatest the brotherhood of man. It deIs it not a travesty to say that impediments to progress are apathy mands an affirmative answer to the

millions of persons must go hunand indifference. These resist imold, old question, "Am I my

gry because there is too much food; provement and reform more efbrother's keeper?"

that millions must be ragged and fectually than do those who think I do not believe that all men scantily clad because we have too they are going to be hurt by a are created equal, except in the* much wool and cotton; that milchange. political sense. No two persons

lions must be cold because we have I confess that I have lost some were ever alike in body or in mind too much fuel? And yet that is at birth, nor do they ever become

the kind of foolishness we have equal in physical, mental or moral been hearing for the past two characteristics. Each one has a

years. That and a lot of fine talk different personality.

about rugged individualism. A I do believe that all men are

precious lot of good rugged increated equal in their rights to life, dividualism does the workingman liberty and the pursuit of happiwho cannot find a job and whose ness.

family is destitute!

I might go on and cite other V\7"HAT does it mean to have examples of social injustice, but the right to life? Does it

mean nothing more than the right

The Beautiful Building Which is to a mere existence? Does it mean

Utah's State Capitol The Improvement Era for June, 1932 455

nothing more than the ards of living, or else right to be a scavenger some system of profit of (garbage cans and sharing which shall refuse heaps in search make the interests of of bits of unfit food, employer and emclothing, ior fuel? ployee identical.

As Americans and OT only will soas believers in the Dec- N< cial justice of tolaration of Independmorrow demand a deence we must have a cent and comfortable higher conception standard of living but than that. We must it will also demand

believe that the right security of employto life means the right ment. One would be

to a life that is worth rash to predict how living, the right to a this is to be brought life of economic securabout. We read of naity and independence, tional economic planand the right to a dening and all Sorts of

cent standard of livschemes to stabilize in- i However iting. And of course dustry,

when we speak of the may be accomplished, right to life in this stabilization seems inbroad sense we include dispensable. I do not

the right to liberty like the fatalistic phiand the right to the losophy of the sopursuit of happiness. called business cycle,

Surely, no man has which means that alliberty if he is not sure ternate periods bf of a chance to earn a prosperity and depreslivelihood for himself sion are natural and and his family. Surely inevitable. Why

no man can pursue should it be a law of happiness if it takes nature that we all all his time and.strength to eke Chief Massosoit Stands Guard in One have to,go broke every few years?

out a bare subsistence. of the Corridors of the State Capitol Thinkers in a time Mke this are

We have already traveled a long trying to devise a method to preway from the primitive. In a tribution of property. It may vent future panics and depressions.

state of nature we have the ruthmean that governments, instead Too often they look at only one less law of the survival of the of primarily assisting the accumuend of the problem. A depression

fittest, by which the strong and the lation of property in the hands is the reaction from a boom. The

cunning live at the expense of the of a few, will seek to narrow the way to prevent depressions is to weak and the ignorant. When gap between the different classes. prevent the wild, speculative

civilization begins there is born It may mean that an increased booms which are bound to col- a social ideal which commands sense of social responsibility will lapse and bring ruin and misery the stronger members of society be exacted from those who have to the whole country.

to respect the weaker. Civilized accumulated great wealth. Is it It may prove difficult, if not

government today is a partial realUtopian to expect that the successimpossible, so to stabilize industry ization of the social ideal. Alful enterpriser shall recognize every as to eliminate unemployment. If

ready it protects life and property. one of his efficient and loyal em- (Continued on page 472)

Already we have public education ployees as a and public health regulations. Alpartner who

ready jwe regulate industry and is entitled to a protect the worker through workfairer share of men's compensation laws, eight the wealth he hour laws, child labor laws, and helped to crelaws prescribing minimum wages ate?

for women. (Already, therefore, Of course

the state recognizes that its duty this simply is not simply to protect life, but means wages also to make it tolerable. which permit

In the tomorrow social justice decent standwill, I jhave no doubt, go much farther toward making every life a positive blessing to itself and to others. This may involve Reception Room

measures for a more equitable disof the Governor

Ma Moody was a kindly soul whose children gave Jier about everything except the thing she wanted. Perhaps she was much like your mother and—ours.

There had been a little conference the night before. "May as well know the worst,"

Charles had said grimly. "Anything is better than suspense,"Grover had agreed.

Moody children had done handYes, they told themselves in satisfaction, they hadsomely by theirTHEmother. done as much as any (children could be expected to do

There was Charles Moody, whose jaw business after they had grown up and married off. It was their

had flourished satisfactorily since his bar examinaduty to see that she was provided for. They were

tion. He had purchased the quiet little suburban cotdoing it, and doing it well. Certainly this quiet little

tage in which his mother lived. cottage should be so restful to her after the big, noisy

Grover Moody, whose farm and registered stock home and all the years of childraising and fussing were the envy of his neighbors, made certain that his and working. She should be so serene and undistruck driver kept his mother supplied with milk, butturbed here.

ter, eggs and all sorts of garden truck. This morning Ma Moody awakened to the realization that she had been in the little home for two

l\ ND Ann, who had married rather years. Her tired eyes took in the cozy interior of the

well, mailed mother a check every month to cover her house. Everything in spick and span order: the

small household expenses. bright, new table, the serviceable chairs, the big over-

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 457 stuffed one that Ann had given her, and that she had guess I'd better be getting back. I've got to—

used a very great deal of late. But his mother put her hand over his mouth.

She walked laboriously into the shining kitchen "You just aren't going to leave me so quickly, with its upto-date gas range and kitchen cabinet. son. You're coming right out in the kitchen with

Here she commenced preparing her frugal breakfast, me while I fix you some corn muffins and grape more from force of habit than from any desire for the jelly."

food. The little mahoganyframed mirror on the

wall gave her a fleeting glimpse of her face as she a mother to remember the oldturned from her cooking. She was a little startled by iRUST

the paleness of it and the depth of the lines that childhood dishes! Grover allowed himself to be led

drooped from the corners of her mouth. She hadn't into the kitchen, and five minutes later was eating

noticed before that she looked so really old and tired. hungrily. He smacked his lips like a school boy over

the fresh jelly and hot muffins.

Ma MOODY knew that she had been longAs yearshe sat intoat thethelittlepast.tableHehis wasthoughtsa frecklefacedwandered

very discontented, these past two years, while she youngster once more, with bare feet and patched should have been entirely happy. She struggled trousers. He was standing in the doorway of an

against this discontent. The children had given her old farm house coaxing his mother for just one more

everything that she could possibly need, she told hermuffin with jelly on it. His mother's hair had been

self, and she should be very well satisfied with it all, black as night then, he recollected, and there had been instead of being such an ungrateful old goose. a happy sparkle in her brown eyes. Now he glanced

Grover's truck stopped in front of the house and up quickly at her face as she sat opposite him. The

Ma ceased her meditations to hobble quickly to the sunlight through the window shone full upon it.

front window. Her eyes fairly sparkled as she spread Grover's expression grew suddenly grave. He hadn't

the curtains apart. Grover, himself, was walking up realized

the footpath. When he drove away later in his truck his face

"Mornin'ma."He deposited butter and eggs on still held that expression of seriousness. He had sudthe table and put his arm about his mother's shouldenly awakened to the realization that all was not

ders. "Been a long time since I've managed to get well with his mother. Somehow, all at once, she

around. It's sure looked very old to

good to see you Illustrated by him, very feeble, again, though I very listless. Somehope you re feeling vyyo thing must be

fine and dandy."wrong, something

"I haven't been serious. That affeeling too good, ternoon he drove

son, but I'm not in his coupe to the complaining,"Ma homes of Charlie

Moody said, snugand Ann.

gling deeper into her boy's arms. "Not really so

serious, Grove!"know, you"Do inCharlie said

it's a almost been month since you credulously. "I

hadn't noticed. here, outwere

I well, see, YouGrover. Every time found haven't

I lookedmorning for out to drive thefor you when while. a quitetruck drove up

but it was always Three, four weeks, guess. I we Then fellowthat young

for a stopped for justthat works But, minutes. fewyou."say, if you think

Grover cleared she's really, bad his throat. "I'm we'll have Doc

right sorry, ma. Warner look her

Three or four over. Funny; I

times Jenny and I hadn't noticed—

have planned to drive over, but it Ann said: "Not

seems like so,many really so bad, Grothings turn up that ver, is she? Why,

we can't get I didn't notice it around to it. Well, when I was out to

sure to glad birthday leave herI'm,ust son. aTen quickly, to le ave so You're me soms then But uovouV *? in* the out kitchen with while you Aandsee coming right some present. I fix me

around. NOW I corn muffins and grape jelly."(Cont. on page 501)

Greatness in Men

Besides the -picture President Hinckley gives of the more or less public activity of the subject of this article y the reader will find a more intimate wordportrait given by the woman in all the world who knows him best. Both

portraits are the sort any man might like drawn of him.

Joseph Fielding Smith By Bryant S. Hinckley

President of Liberty Stake

picture of a twentythird year he THEsturdy boy went on a mission to standing in a Great Britain, returnmanger patiently struging two years later, gling to get a bridle after which he served over the ears of a docile as a home missionary, but tricky work horse a high councilor and in capacities other is familiar of in to many the Stake of Salt Lake us. is the inThe boy

Zion. teresting figure in the picture, for a boy is a At a tender age he bundle of possibilities. manifested a real interTime and experience est in Church history

teaches one respect for and found great delight boys in general. In in studying the printhis land of opportun-:iples of the gospel and

ity no one can tell doctrines of the where a few years will Church. Naturally he

take a boy if he is inwent to his father with telligent, honest and many questions. No

ambitious. boy ever had a better

Perhaps some day teacher of the glorious you will want to bortruths of "Mormonrow money and the ism"than he had in boy you knew will the person of his disname the terms and tell tinguished father.

you where to sign on the dotted line; he may ]HIS dispensation sit in judgment upon T has produced few,

your behavior and deif any, abler or more cide your case in court; militant defenders of

he may look into your the faith of his people fevered face and prescribe bitter Joseph Fielding Smith than President Joseph F. Smith.

doses or, by the skillful use of his He possessed not only a clear and knife, save your life; he may reprehorse when he had to stand on a profound knowledge of the funsent you in the legislative halls of box to do it and took his devoted damental principles of the gospel

your country, or fight your battles mother, Julina Lambson Smith, on of the Master but he had in his on foreign soil. The bare foot many an errand of mercy and resoul a flaming conviction of their

boy with suntanned face and lief. The spirit of service which divinity. No mortal could bear

windscorched lips, may some day he learned in those days has grown this testimony with more convincstand upon the plantform and, stronger and brighter with the ing power than he could. He was

with. reason and eloquence, inspire years. not only a great father and a

you to higher and better things. In his thirtyfourth year he was mighty preacher of righteousness,

Yes, a boy is a bundle of possiordained an apostle. However, but he typified our loftiest concepbilities. this was not the beginning of his tion of a real man—a man whose

OSEPH FIELDING SMITH, as service, for all his days he had been convictions were backed by a loy-

J a boy, harnessed the family active in the Church. In his alty and a consecrated devotion to

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 459

the truth that was never challenged were given to him, and he will hold them which lights up his countenance * * scene. the until windingup I know the he plays. Play reveals friend or foe. whenby

I this is true, bear I live as that and my else does. as nothing It a priceless thing for real man is indeed the to its truth.'Such was testimony

any boy to have such a teacher. nature of his testimony. Neither veneer nor parade behavior

There was a gentleness and nobil- "Among my fondest memories are the carry over in the contest of a real ity, a solidity and sweetness, an hours I have spent by his side discussing game. To know Joseph Fielding

inreceiving the gospel of and play with him, must Smith youintelligence comprinciples and capacity ihe In as give struction could only live with him. in the character of Josephpounded for this foundation the way own myit. question put to this In answer confi-F. Smith which won your I in truth, so that laid too was knowledge

dence and secured your everlasting can say I know that my Redeemer lives, to his wife: "Will you tell us

allegiance. President something about the man

Smith will go down in you know?"she said:

history as a great spiritual leader. His fidelity to his "You ask me to tell you of

friends was supreme, his the man I know. I have often

faith flawless, his course thoughtwill say,when'He heis isa gonevery peoplegood colossal, a stranger to fear man, sincere, orthodox, etc'and free from guile. All They will speak of him as the

of these heroic virtues public knows him; but the

is in very they have mindwere not only bred in mandifferent I the from know. manJoseph Fielding but culis a kind, The man I know

tivated through contact loving husband and father with his noble father. No whose greatest ambition in life

son of President Joseph is to make his family happy,

F. Smith could be lacking entirelyefforts toforgetfuldo this.of selfHe isin thehis

in courage or guilty of man that lulls to sleep the cowardice and still be true fretful child,,who tells bedtime to his father. All his stories to the little ones, who

sons have a reverential reisto neversit up toolate tiredat nightor tooor tobusyget gard for their father, and up early in 'the morning to they should have. Joseph help the older children solve

Fielding pays this sincere perplexing school problems.

tribute to him: When illness comes the man I

know watches tenderly over "My father was the most, thehim.afflictedIt isonetheirand waitsfatheruponfor

tender hearted man I ever whom ithey cry, feeling his knew. His sympathy was presence a panacea for all ills.

perpetually drawn out towards It is his hands that bind up the downtrodden and opthe wounds, his arms that give pressed. Especially was his courage to the sufferer, his

love | extended towards little voice that remonstrates with children. He loved them all them gently when they err,

and could not bear to see them until it becomes their happiwrongfully treated. This sympathy and Ethel G. Reynolds Smith ness to do the thing that will make him

tenderness was extended towards the anihappy.

'I is mal never see gentle, kingdom. could "The most man and why I know

is, was, that Smith Joseph a and and always if he feels a that be has he should to bloodimbued been unjust with man living will of the be a prophet God."

is the anyone distance kill desire thirsty far to for destroy never too anima! and

life. * * * I think it is wicked for men him to go and, with loving words or

to thirst,in their souls to kill almost TN his bovbood days Joseph kind deeds, erase the hurt. He (welcomes

everything which possesses animal life,'Fielding herded cows near the gladly the young people to his home and is. never than happier discussing when his teaching constant and was by example learned River Jordan and to swim with them topics of the or precept. by Iday—sports its in 'sluggish dangerous and interests whatever 'them most. enjoys He

a sinpreacher the righteousness, of "As a is his story he good brothers see waters. to the quick and With

cerity his of souls the penetrated of words a situation, of to humor to laugh and be a in Taylorsville, farm on worked as authority men. one spoke He having at, laughed willing always to join in any experiences teach Utah. boys Farm firmness, a conviction conand with and

, activity. wholesome

fidence of a begotten of the patient. to resourceful knowledge be and Both I is unselfish, "The man know uncomtruth. -no There of was element doubt are virtues these of in plaining, indispensable considerate, thoughtful, sympauncertainty or his in Espetestimony. thetic, doing everything his within the power character. development of

cially this so was the of he spoke when to life a make supreme joy his for loved divinity of Savior the our mission baseball or played his he youth In I ones. is the That man know."

the of It prophet Smith. Joseph has in those other games and common

fills it into deep fiber heart; sunk every my Fielding Joseph Smith years 1898 score of a times. almost For TN

I soul; of that say so this before my

'Shurtliff, reguconsistently E. married with Louie and he has people, be and pleased the to would have

privilege of saying it before the whole larity played handball in the Desdaughter of Lewis W. Shurtliff of

world, that God has revealed unto me eret Gymnasium. Although his Ogden, a woman of singular sweetthat Jesus is the Christ, the Son of the eyesight is not perfect he plays the ness and strength of character.

living of the world Redeemer God, the is, was, always game skillfully and with great zest. Ten years later she died, leaving and that Joseph Smith

will be a prophet of >God, ordained to Thousands of people have listened two daughters, Josephine and stand at the head of the dispensation of to him speak but very few are Julina. He subsequently married

the fulness of times, the keys of which familiar with the genial smile Ethel G. Reynolds, daughter of

460 The Improvement Era for June, 1932

the late George Reynolds, who is of Plural Marriage."strangers. He is sincerely affecthe mother of five sons and four "The Origin of the Reorganized tionate but never gushes—the curdaughters. She manages with abilChurch and the Question of Sucrent of his friendship runs deep

ity her household and is an active cession."and strong and quiet. To know

and valued member of the general "The> > Essentials of Church Hishim at intimate range is to love board of Relief Society. She is tory. him. He is not a recluse but esnot only a woman of refinement "Elijah the Prophet and His sentially a student and devotes

and capacity but a technician in the Mission."every spare moment to reading and

fine art of home making. "Reorganized Church vs Salvaresearch. His life is a busy and a

The children of this family are tion for the Dead."happy one, full of every day kindprominent in educational ness.

matters and they know The work which he is how to work;and how to doing brings to,him gencarry responsibilities. In uine satisfaction. He is

all respects this is a brilHistorian of the Church, liant and superior family, first counselor in the presi- a distinct credit to the state dency of the Salt Lake and to the church to which Temple, vicepresident and they belong. treasurer of The GenealogJoseph JFielding Smith ical Society of Utah. He

is gifted with an unusual was the first editor and spiritual insight and has a business manager of the profound interest in things Utah Genealogical Historspiritual. Through diliical Magazine published in

gent study and patient reJanuary, 1910. He is a

search he has developed an member of the board of understanding of the doctrustees of the Brigham trines of the Church and a Young University and of comprehension of the magnitude of David A. (left) and Joseph Fielding the Church Board of Education,

the gospel which has made him an (right) on the handball court. director of the Beneficial life Inauthority in this field. You trust "Salvation Universal."surance Company and of Zion's

him because of the soundness of his "The Smith's of Topsfield."Savings Bank? Trust Company.

judgment and the wisdom of his 'The Way to Perfection."Outside the service which,he is

religious teachings. He belongs to He is one of the best informed called upon to render as an apostle

the school of fundamentalists. He men among us on the historical his major responsibility is directing

stands for the worship of the true and doctrinal phases of "Mormonthe work in the Historian's office and living God as taught by the ism."He has a narrative style in where nearly a score of men and

scriptures and as revealed to the his writings which is clear and inwomen are kept busy carrying on prophet, Joseph Smith. teresting. the work.

is a fearless defender of the H;e is He never harassed with

a 'militant and preacher of '"PHE office of Church Historian or disturbeddoubts skeptifaith with cism concerning the fundamental righteousness. The abiding sentiand General Church Recorder

principles of the religion of the ments of his soul are gentleness, is an old one and,an importantLatterday Saints. His faith rests sincerity and friendliness. He beone—it has existed since the orupon a secure foundation, a founlieves so intensely in the principles ganization of the Church. It is

dation that can never be disturbed which he preaches that we fear his interesting to note the men who by the trials of adversity or the attitude is sometimes misunderhave served in this position. The

disintegrating forces of luxury. His stood. No matter how favorably records show that Oliver Cowdery

vision is as clear and his faith is as one may be impressed with the occupied this position from 1830perfect as that of the ancient propublic utterances or how much 1831; John Whitmer 18311838;

i 1 1 a r d Richards 18421854;phets. It can be said of Joseph they may be influenced by the W

Fielding Smith as it was of Nawritings of Joseph Fielding Smith George A. Smith 18541870; Orson Pratt 18731881; Wilfordthanael of old, "Behold an Israelite—to know him personally and inindeed, in whom is no guile!"and timately, to work with him, to Woodruff 18831889; Franklin

he could exclaim with Joshua, play with him, to become ac- D. Richards 18891899; Anthon

"As for me and my house we will quainted with his home life, with H. Lund 19001921, and Joseph

serve the Lord."his solicitude for his children, with Fielding Smith 1921 to the present

his devotion to hiis wife, with his time.

A LTHOUGH a comparatively kindness toward his employees, to During these years many other young man he has made some know the genuineness and depth men have assisted as recorders and notable and Valuable contributions of his friendship, the strength and Assistant Historians, among whom literature Georgeto the Robinson, John and W. of the Church sweetness of his to are: character—is Corrill, Elias Higbee, establishedhas B. himself Robert auas an worth know his real as a man.

thority on the doctrines and pracThompson, James Sloan, Albert tices of the Church. He is the LJE has a native modesty and Carrington, Robert L. Campbell,

author of the following books and reserve which may make it John Jacques, A. Milton Musser,

pamphlets: difficult for him to mingle freely Andrew Jenson, Charles W. Pen-

"Blood Atonement and Origin with some people, especially rose, Orson F. Whitney, B. H.

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 461

Joseph Fielding in dresses Julina L. Smith George Joseph David A.

Roberts, Junius F. Wells and tions, unyielding in his pur-

A. William Lund. poses, sound in his thinking,

Through this office the pure and lofty in his aims, with

Church has sought to preserve a simplicity and sweetness perall important documents, letters, meating it all that marks a noble books, pamphlets, etc., pertaincharacter. He has the endowing to the,Church. An enments that eminently fit him for

deavor has been made to obtain the great apostolic office which books written by nonMormons he holds and honors.

both for and against the Church.

All records of wards, stakes and missions are filed in this office with a (history of all the settleCompulsion Foreign toments made by the Church and its members. A daily journal the Kingdom of God

recording all important events pertaining to the Church and to COMPULSION is a thing civil affairs is compiled and kept foreign to the kingdom of in this office. An effort has God. Even in the exercise of

been made to gather pictures of Priesthood by mortals there is sisters,the leading brethren and a strict command that it mayof hisof edifices and Church torical incidents. This gallery be used only in kindness, and

has already come to be a very pure knowledge, which shall attractive feature of the Historgreatly enlarge the soul withian's office. A visit impresses out hypocrisy, and without

one character the with qualand guile, for—

ity the of this leadership of people Pres. Joseph F. Smith and his son,

from the beginning. Joseph Fielding. "No power or influence can or ought

ONE of the impressive lessons of rectitudewisdom ofof histhe intentionswords whichnor thehe tohood,be maintainedonly by persuasion,by virtue ofby thelongsuf-priestall history is that "Righteousutters. fering, by gentleness and meekness, and by

ness exalteth a nation and sin is Thoughtful people can have love unfeigned."—D. C. 121:41.

a reproach to any people."Joseph little faith in the permanence of

Fielding is a crusader against any civilization, church or organiWe are informed that if any iniquity and against the violation zation if depravity becomes prevman attempts to use force or comof any principle that would bring alent among its members. This is pulsion by the power of the Priestremorse or discomfort upon the the burden of his message, the hood, "amen to the Priesthood or

people. He loves humanity and motive of all he says. the authority of that man."Force

has sublime faith in the saving Joseph Fielding Smith is strong and compulsion are principlpes that power of the principles which he in the common virtues which unobtain in Satan's realm. Upon

allpreaches. his endeavors Back of derlie every these his kingdom was founded sound life—honest,is a deep desire to help mankind. benevolent, dependable and because of these it shall and Godfearing, one understands robust in intellect,No fall. him who to Perfec- 'The Way vigor-—Fromcould for question the clear ous in body, a moment in his convicFielding Joseph Smith. tion,"by

(pitiesAncient of[E\lCO

Great Temple of Kukul Cau fhkhen <$tza

In this article you may go with PresiFranklin S. Harris

dent Harris by rail, airplane and Ford to President of the inaccessible Yucatan inhere you will find Brigham Young University ruins comparable in interest to those found in Egypt, and, incidentally, you will learn that the American Indian had Mexico and also in tions and dates as well as many a highly civilized ancestry. Central America. things regarding the daily lives of

These cities are the the people.

admiration of all stuIn this article I should like to who is at all fadents of archaeology and they contake the reader to Chichen Itza,ANYONEmiliar with the civilizations tain some of the finest architecture one of the greatest of the cities of ancient America is aware that has ever been discovered in of the ancient Mayas. Because of

that one of )the very greatest of any part of the yorld. Fortunits inaccessibility it is not so frethese was that of the Mayas. These ately their civilization was so far quently visited as are a number

people who flourished during many advanced that they have left to us of the other ruins of Mexico. If

centuries built great cities in Yucarecords in stone that give rather it were easy to reach, it would untan and other adjacent states of exact information about migradoubtedly rival Egypt as one of

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 463

the most popular places of the beautiful villages and towns to the or many weeks if we attempted world for tourists. lowlands of the coastal plains. to go overland. The large triAt Vera Cruz we board an airmotored Ford airplanes which opHpHE city of Chicken Itza was plane for Yucatan and in six hours erate daily between Vera Cruz and

built in Yucatan by the Mayas make a trip which would require Merida, the capital of Yucatan, during the time when their civiliseveral days by boat on the gulf are manned by American pilots.

zation was at The thrill i t s height. from this six

Other cities hours of ridwere built by ing over verthem at a dant (Mexico much earlier will probably date 'and never be exsome were celled in any founded traveling exlater, but perience we probably shall ever none of these have. At

reaches the times we asgrandeur of cend to an this one. elevation of

Yucatan eight or nine has no railthousand feet roads which in order to run to it pass over from the clouds in a outside. It storm. Again

may be reachwe make deed from the tours to avoid

Above: The Temple of great banks of clouds. During the

the Warriors. day we occasionally descend to let

passengers off or to secure new ones and at each of these places we see interesting "closeups"of the landscape, the agricultural products,

Center: Ornamentation and the people. For example, at

used on some of the walls one place where we come down! of the temples. in the state of Tabasco we are

told that from this particular port sixty thousand bunches of bananas are shipped each week to the United States. As we look over

, * > ""*ph$irvJ&:: the gulf we see schools of porpoises at play. Farther along

groups of large turtles are swimUnited States by sailing from New Below: The Great Ball ming about on the surface of the

York or New Orleans, or by small Court or Arena, 272 feet water. With the changing sun

boats from Vera Cruz, but I long and 119 feet wide. (Continued on page 504)

should like to take you by a more colorful and rapid method of travel. Let us start from Mexico

City and take the train to Vera

Cruz. This is one of the most

beautiful railroad journeys of the world. The train passes along

the high plateau past delightful green fields, dotted here and there with ruins which bespeak historic points of interest. We travel

around the famous Lake Texcoco and thence within a few miles of the great volcanoes of Popocatepetl and Iztaccihuatl. finally we

reach the edge of the plateau, skirt the volcano of Orizaba, the highest mountain in Mexico, and descend many thousands of feet past

TravelBroadens One By CLAUDE C. CORNWALL

Planning a trip to Europe this year? Then you will find this

article by Claude C. Cornwall instructive; if you have been to

Europe you will find it true; if you are not going you will be

pleasantly entertained.

GIANT transAmerica he would plan

Atlantic liner has to visit New York, just pulled up to Washington or Niagara

Falls, to study the Ford theAdocks at SouthampFactories at DeMotor plank gang ton. The return through and the troit to hoisted has been

opened doors and a group Canada."

of steamship officials, "But these Americustoms inspectors, recans,"says he, "seem to porters, guides, messenhave no definite ideas at gers and others with all except that they are proper credentials have out to, "See the Sights."

been given permission to I defend our position come aboard. as well as I can, by sayIt is required in Enging that these vivacious

land that passengers reyoungsters have in mind main on the ships until seriously the thrilling edtheir luggage has been ucation which will come unloaded and arranged in from catching the atmosalphabetical order, ready phere of a foreign counfor His Majesty's custry. But I must confess

toms inspection. While that my experience in

this is being accomplishcontacting many thoued the immigration exsands of such tourists in aminations and passport the past few years, has formalities are completed been somewhat disapon the ship. pointing. Of course not

Impatient groups of all are like that. But untourists wait in the long fortunately too many

lines, eager to be done are.

with these details and set first at liberty to see the 1LMOST the sights. There are stu- A thing the usual

dents from this school American does upon his and that; teachers who arrival in Europe is to

are about to view for the start making unfavorable first time, the countries of comparisons with things which they have taught at home. Thus he cretheir pupils for lo these ates antagonism all over

many years. There are Nelson's Column Trafalgar Square, London; by C. Dickens Europe.

hundred per cent AmeriHe enters a railway cans who have come over to see wanted to know if I could tell why carriage and exclaims, "So they what it is all about. There are it is that whenever these American call this a train?. Look at these

experienced travelers, preachers, tourists are asked, "What is it you dinky cars.... It's just like a

doctors,... whole families. have come to do in Europe?"They toy."(Of course he doesn't know

And what is it they are going invariably reply, "Oh, everything! that our toy trains are of Euroto see? For the most part they We've come to see the sights. If pean construction, which accounts

have come to Europe because they you've got anything over here for the resemblance.)

have been told that travel broadwhich we haven't got at home, "And would you look at these ens one. trot it out quickly because we're miniature automobiles?"he sneers.

raring to go,"or something like "I could put two of them in the

A REPORTER for a London that. Then he explained, "When back seat of my Packard."

daily newspaper who has been a European arranges a trip he orArriving at his hotel he is told interviewing such travelers for a dinarily has an objective in mind. he must register in the book of the

long time came to me one day and If for example he were going to Aliens. "Where do they get the

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 465 idea that I am an Alien?"he asks. dences of Europeans and hears their torical or artistic significance. PerThen he sits at dinner. The viewpoint of American tourists it haps that accounts in a measure for

first thing he demands is a glass of is usual to be told that, "They our desire to go there. There is

ice water. "What! No ice?"he are a bunch of smarties, with loads so much to see. They have kept

roars, "What sort of a dump is of money but no culture."everything.

this?""American women,"they tell A story is told of a group of

Now the fact is that he is a you, "are loud, selfcentered and tourists who were visiting a sacred guest at a perfectly respectable snippy. They talk in raspy tones, shrine on a roadside in Italy. Their

European hotel. He has come to through their noses. In the cafes guide was explaining with religlearn the customs of the people they make a lot of noise and call ious enthusiasm the sacred lore of

and to find out how they live in attention to themselves. They bethe holy shrine, the apparitions

the old world. But will he learn little everything they see."which had been seen, and historiit? He will not. He starts out That is the way "others see us"cal and legendary events which

at once to remodel Europe, to make and while their opinion may be gave to the shrine its peculiar sigit over instantly into America,... tinged with prejudice, yet there is nificance. Then he said,

his America. probably some justification. "And do you see the little canCatering to his wishes the Euro- I remember one day riding dle burning in the shrine? For

peans have in the past few nearly two thousand years years prepared the way by that candle has been burnmaking things over. They ing continuously. In all

have lined the tourist trail that time it has never been with hotels, restaurants, extinguished."

transportation and every One of the Americans service just as we have it blew his breath upon the at home. In fact they candle and exclaimed,

have made it so complete "There! It's out now!"

that one can almost go Imagine the effect of through Europe and never that incident on this faithsuspect that he has left ful worshiper.

America at all. Another story on this

But that isn't the worst. same order comes from

So many of our people Germany. A group of

look on European institutourists were visiting tions with a sort of suBonn, the home of Beeperior air and a preconthoven. As they stood in

ceived notion that they of Grand Opera House, Paris the old studio of the course can never equal our master, a guide pointed out own. Instead of an open and reabout London with a friend of the piano at which the great comceptive attitude determined on mine in his little single seater poser sat when he wrote the magic

broadening our knowledge of the Austin. We picked up a young strains of the moonlight sonata.

world, we seem to feel an obligaAmerican. I admit it was someHe spoke of Beethoven with revtion to be always on the defensive, what difficult for three of us to erence and in an attitude of worcrowd into the narrow seat. The ship for the genius of this inspired

pOLLOWING the American Letiny car puffed away, winding in musician. To his astonishment

gion convention held in Paris and out among the traffic. Our an American girl in the party step-

a few years ago a group of deleguest continued to laugh and make ped to the piano and drummed a gates made a visit to London. wisecracks about the car. I could bit of the moonlight sonata, giving

They were being shown about see that our host didn't appreciate to it a modern rhythmic treatment.

that marvelous old city by an Enghis jests. Finally he retaliated When she had finished she turned

lish guide who of course made his kindly, to the guide and said, flippantly, explanations with characteristic "This motor will do 45 miles "I suppose lots of people have loyalty for things British. He said, on a gallon of petrol,"he said, played on this piano since then."

"Gentlemen... this is Buck- "One can hardly laugh at that, "No,"he replied, shaking his

ingham Palace... the residence of even in America."head sadly, "You are the only

the king and queen..."and after one."

pausing to note the effect, he con- /\ MERICA is a new country and tinued, perhaps our lack of backHpHESE stories are presented to "Yonder are the Royal Manground and tradition has left us illustrate the embarrassing sitsions... The apartments of the void of the desire to preserve our uations which result from an inPrince of Wales are at the end of historic monuments. We have flated ego. The real fact is that

the terrace.... Across the street is rationalized about this attitude, while we arei in a foreign country

Green Park, with its lovely walks by saying that Europe lives in the we are in a measure, the guests of and gardens.... Here in the center past while America lives for the the people, paying guests, but nevof the street is the monument erectfuture. ertheless, guests.

ed in honor of the men who...""Get that old relic out of the Many people however go to

Just then one of the Americans way and put up a modern strucEurope every year just so they may interrupted, ture,"we say, and down goes anbe able to boast about it to their "Oh, boy!"he said, "There other landmark. Europe's attifriends at home.

goes a Buick."tude is quite the opposite. They "When I was abroad,"they say

When one gets into the confipreserve everything which has his-.-.> - (Continued on page 472

A cedar tree serves as a weather chart of the fast 2000 years. It records

the drought of which George Washington complained in 1799, and maps the rainfall of the centuries.

Dr. Thomas L. Martin studying the saprings of the giant Timpanogos balsam which fell two years ago.

The crosssection is in the "Y"\Museum.

Is Utah to become as Dry as the

Desert?SAHARABy

Thomas L. Martin

drought experiences of bottom of a vast ocean. If one could In the midst of these thoughts

is reminded that trees tell cliTHElast summer have made read the physical history of this one past. stories Just matic the of note indeed one country, would how

if this people wonder some this atthe botanist done, these changes be changes. However may the in is headed countrywestern explain. says that to gradual. tempts been Are very have He we be will that climate a ofdirection

in tree the dictotelydonous a to period changing growing when now will that for and farmingtoo dry cells there a exists layer to plant similar of those will conditions be bewest, in the agriculture,make in desert the the of between Sahara? bark and on the found wood We a merely memory.come

The geologists are of the opinare constantly changing in climatic a state of division. This layer is

ion that this area was once tropical. characteristics, but are those called the cambium. In this layer,

Later they say it was covered by changes so rapid that they need growth in the diameter of the tree glaciers and at one time this great cause consternation among the trunk occurs. When the bark is

region, geologic ages ago, was the western peoples? stripped from the wood one may

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 467

notice that there is a sticky subof annual rings. From this numproximately 1600 years old. Based

stance present. This is the protober one may approximate the age upon the idea that annual rings are

plasm of the cells of this cambium of the tree. When a serious thicker in wet years and thinner in

layer. The bark of the tree grows drought occurs followed by a wet dry years, he was able to read the

as does also the wood. The bark period in one season, a second ring story of the climate of this westgrowth takes place on the inner may be formed, thus making two ern country during that period of

surface of the bark and the growth rings in one season.. This fact time.

of the wood takes place on the prevents one from determining the In a publication for July 4th, outer surface of the wood. A new exact age. Yet the double ring is 1931, Mr. Hayes read an account

ring of wood;is formed each year very rare, and it is believed that of some drought experience of

on the outside of that previously in temperate regions such as the George Washington. He noted the

formed. This formation of a ring one in the west,,the annual rings year referred to and compared it

does not take place with equal regare very clearly denned, and one with Mr. Steward's climate story

ularity during the summer season. may safely approximate the age of obtained from the juniper tree and

In the spring of the year, growth a tree by considering one annual found a very interesting correlaoccurs very rapidly and this newly ring for each year of growth. tion. Mr. Hayes wrote an article

formed tissue contains large tubular It is known that during dry in the Twin Falls, Idaho, Daily cells with little mechanical supyears the cells of the annual rings News, July 10, 1931, explaining porting tissue, while later in the are not as large as those made durthis correlation. He says:

growing season the growth is less ing wet years. Consequently an "A juniper tree that is believed,to have

rapid and consequently the cells of annual ring formed during a dry stood for 1618 years on a southern Idaho the new ring are small and seem to year will not be as thick as one lava plain recorded the period of drought have more mechanical material for formed during a wet year. One plainthat causedin 1788.George Washington to comsupport produce therefore, a can, and hence read probably in the 4, the International "On July News

cellsdenser appearance. These thickness of the rings annual the Service letters reproduced written

which are loose and open, abut on wet and dry years through which George Washington indicating that byhe the later cells which are formed in a tree has passed. If one should suffered a climatic disaster similar to the

one are under sufferiwhich at present we orlate summer autumn or a year and prosaw a 500 1500 down ing. a letter In written from Mount visible. a contrast plainlyduce old should able tree one to be the tells year Vernon of a in he 1788

read the story of the climate of drought so serious that practically all of lost crop incidentally was and because these in (Such years trees year's the the his next system of by A S the of there drought to seemed be some relative thickness of the 'annual the outis repeated growth on difficulty in financial meeting obligations.

rings.side preof of the growth the wood letter, is of The which passing more than

vious year, the looser open tissue is interest, follows:

built on the denser part of the pre- '"PHIS was done by John E. "Dear Sir: I am very sorry I have

yet to able been not discharge account my a civil Hayes, engineer a line thevious between autumn and of Twin the with River the James for Company, Falls, is Idaho, definitely and growth W. G. Steward,two seasons'of amount which presented you with me

established. Because of this, one can a hydraulic engineer. These men an order.

see in the stem of the tree the came into possession of the cross "The almost total loss of my corn crop growth periods of the tree. They section of a juniper tree taken from last year by the drought, which has obliged

are called annual rings and indicate the vicinity of Idaho Falls. Mr. meof corn,to purchaseand myupwardsother ofnumerous800 barrelsand

the growth which occurs each year. Steward made a study of this cross necessary demands for cash, when il find

When a tree is cross sectioned, it is section and counted the annual it impossible to obtain what is due to me possible to determine the number rings and found the tree to be ap- (Continued on page 488)

The M. I. A. Writes Its Name in

| Preservation of the historical heritage of the

Intermountain West was made possible through the M. I. A projects "Plains Dinners"and

Memorial Coin sales.

By JOHN D. GILES

Executive Secretary, Utah Pioneer Trails and

Landmarks Association

marks Association states to the importance of the to the officers and movement to preserve the record members of the covering the period between 1830,

Young (Men's and when the first covered wagons

Young Ladies'started for the mountains and

Mutual Improve1869 when the railroad came and ment Associations the real pioneering days were and an acknowlended.

edgment of the His successor was Dr. Howard

splendid coopera- R. Driggs, native Utahn, historian

tion which has and lover of the West. Dr. Driggs

made possible and knew that originally "The Oregon certain the carryCountry"was a term loosely aping out of the proplied to practically all the West, g r a m to place except California, from the eastmarkers and monern slopes of the Rockies to the Design selected by the Utah Pioneer Trails and Landmarks Association for all standard uments to comtablets marking historic sites. This marker is memorate the

planned to be placed at Henefer, Utah, on the deeds of those

Pioneer Trail, July 16, 1932. brave.souls who

pioneered the way on, Carry on! The and made possible the heritage weCARRY "Theme song"of the M now enjoy.

Men and Gleaners of the M. I. A. has furnished a battle cry COME reference to the events

for the entire organization. "Carry leading up to and following

On"could well be adopted as the the "Plains Dinner"campaign motto or watchword of the. associwill doubtless prove interesting at

ation. This is especially true since this point. About 1912 Ezra

the successful completion of the Meeker, a pioneer of the Old Ore project undertaken a year ago to gon Trail, singlehanded, underassist in the movement to, perpetutook to arouse the nation to a realate the memory of those dauntless ization of the debt we owe to those pioneers, explorers, and trailblaz- who pioneered the great West and ers who made their contributions particularly *'the Oregon Counto the history of the West and try."Meeker had traveled the

then. passed on. By reason of the trail in the 60's. Being one of

success of the campaign the good the last of the pioneers of that great works of the Mutual Improvement national highway, he decided to

Associations will "carry on"for spend the rest of his days in an many decades, and possibly for effort to fit the old trail and its centuries to come. story into the history of the winThis article is intended to be an ning of the West. He succeeded.

appreciation from the officers of the Before he died in 1928 at the age Pony Express monument, Main

Utah Pioneer Trails and Landof 98 he had aroused at least seven Street, Salt Lake City, No. 8.

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 469

Left to right: Marker No. 2 at Logan (Trappers Cache, 182526), No. 3 at Ogden, (Jedediah S. Smith,

explorer of Utah, 1826), No. 6, Fish Lake, (Indian Treaty ending Black Hawk War, 1873), No. 7 at Fair

Grounds, Salt Lake City, (Donner Party, 1846), No. 9 at Logan, (replacing marker honoring first settlers

of Logan, 1859).

Pacific Ocean. He knew also that neer trail of 1847, which had it is realized that Utah originally,

the "Old Oregon Trail"was "the been, for most of its course the under the plan of Brigham Young, mother trail to all the west."Donner trail of 1846 and became extended into Colorado and WyAlong it came, the early California the CaliforniaOverland Stageoming including Fort Bridger and

emigrants of the "forties,"the Pony Express trail of later years. Independence Rock, all of Nevada,

Donner Party of 1846, the "Morpart of Idaho, southern California mon"Pioneers of 1847, the gold- '"PHIS movement to mark all the and Arizona, it will be seen that seekers of 1849, the stage coaches important trails of the West, the history of Utah is largely the and the Pony Express. Because brought Dr. Driggs to Salt Lake history of the entire intermoun-

a state covering a small part of the City to urge the formation,of an tain region.

original "Oregon Country"was association to preserve the trails Elder George Albert Smith was later organized and given the name and landmarks connected with the the man whose ear Dr. Driggs

Oregon, much misunderstanding early history of the State. When sought and reached. Under his

has been caused. It is direction the caravan

not generally known, to Independence Rock for instance, that the in,1930 was organfirst postoffice in what ized and conducted.

is now the state of Upon the return of

Utah was established the caravan. no time

in 1847 by Captain was lost in organizJames Brown of ing the Utah Pioneer

Brownsville, Oregon. Trails and LandIt was located where marks Association.

Ogden now stands. Since that time, Elder

In those days there George Albert Smith were no boundary has been its President lines. The whole of and leading figure.

the intermountain Dr. Driggs reWest and Northwest mained in Utah for

was "Oregon."weeks and assisted in

With these facts in the organization.

mind Dr. Driggs Through his efforts

broadened the scope a close affiliation was of the Oregon Trail established with the

Memorial AssociaOregon Trail Memotion to make its inrial Association and terest include not permission was given only the "mother"Participants in the ceremony of unveiling marker No. 1 to use the United

trail, but all of its at Provo, Utah, September 24, 1931, on the EscalanteStates Oregon Trail branches. UndoubtDominguez trail of 1776. Left to right, John D. Giles, exmemorial coins to

edly the most imecutive secretary, Rev. Victor Herring, member of the provide funds for.the

portant branch of Franciscan Order of Catholic Priests to which Fathers erection of monuis that Escalante belonged, (robe and Dominguez of tothat great highway markers. the ments and order), Franciscan Rev. (at that Most Bishop John J. Mitty, turning offthe West, a considerable For Catholic Diocese Elder Albert George time) of the of Utah,

at Fort Bridger, was Smith, President of the trails association and Rev. N. C. time plans were disthe "Mormon"PioWallin of Provo. (Continued on page 483)

o other dm in

HE following afternoon at twentyfive minutes Then some of the weight lifted and Rachel couldTpast five, Rachel saw Mark again for the first time. smile again, for she knew that she was now engaged

He was walking on the side of the road, with the chilto Andrew Wickenham, and that,he considered her dren all over him, and it nearly stopped the beating of more precious than his unbelievable old and rare her heart which had been beating slightly overtime. Italian tapestries.

Andrew Wickenham, beside her at the wheel, had But still farther on, when they passed a bus which all but told her that he loved her quite madly and had broken down, and might or might not be rethat he wanted her to be his wife. paired before the storm, the weight descended again in

Rachel had risen early, had put on a wool sport spite of the fact that Andrew Wickenham had kissed frock of a lovely shade of silver blue, and had taken her twice. And a few minutes later, when great

the early train to town to meet Andrew. All day splashing drops of rain fell faster and faster, she felt

they had motored, stopping at various country clubs that if he kissed her again that day she must surely for things to eat and drink, that had charmed her scream,.

far more by their names than by their flavors on She wanted to tell him to turn back. Almost franher tongue. tically she wanted to. Yet she knew darkly that she

She had met some of his friends and had been inwould not utter a word.

troduced with an air akin to possessive pride. She She cowered before the

had been made to feel very much his own, and deeply thought of the stumprized; and she was thinking of places farther away bling explanations she

than Rome when suddenly she saw the four familiar would have to make, and figures that were almost one figure, plodding beside the road ahead of them.

It had turned cold. Rain clouds overhead were

darkening swiftly. Mark held

Nancy in his arms, and Victor—wasalways sprawleda baby whenacrosshe hiswasshoultired

ders. Iris was at his heels, lugging

the lunch hamper and keeping up with his measured stride in a jerky running trot.

RACHEL felt a great heat coursing through her lungs and down her thighs as their car drew nearer and nearer. She wanted

to stop, to pack them all snugly in the back seat and hear about their holiday as they sped home; and

she knew with a black knowledge that she would avert her face and drive on by, smiling at Andrew

Wickenham.

Andrew had followed the direction of her gaze. "A few years

ago,"he remarked, dropping his r's, "that poor benighted fellow was probably spending his Sunday afternoons inscribing love lyrics and mapping trips to Spain."

Farther on, he said suddenly, "I don't want you to ever have a child, Beloved. I couldn't remotely

risk the loss of you."

g

And now Victor gets the croups s, much to the alarm of his strangely Carla Wolfe constituted foster parents y and Rachel

Illustrated by Harris Weber makes some discoveries.

of his amusement, or consternation, or outright scorn. She knew that she did not really love Dorothy's

children, and she told herself two or three times that

LIE left her at a hotel in town, where she she never could love Mark if she lived to be a hundred, was to spend the night with a mythical friend, and as yet she also knew that their arriving home very soon soon as she dared she slipped out of another door and was more important to her just then than anything found a taxi to take her home. It might be hours beelse in the world. More important, now that the

her, her than engagement to Andrew test was behind fore the others arrived, but it was love or her for him. impossible to stay until away she Wickenham

knew they were safe. Then she dared to acknowledge that she did not

She considered going back love Andrew Wickenham overwhelmingly, and wonover the road in the cab, dered for a stark moment if she could possibly love anyone as much as she had loved herself, or as much but decided that if the bus had not overtaken as she had loved little Denny Moore, whose fourth off. finger been cut had

this them time, by if felt acid 3s every over She poured an had tbeen surely would Mark delicate shrivelthing her skin, under and that it was have stopped in the driving ing within her.

rain at some shelter 1 HE children were already home when along the Rachel arrived at last. Mrs. Blue had not yet come

way. in, so Mark was giving them hot baths, to be followed

by warm milk and crackers. i

Rachel stood limply in the bathroom doorway, watching him!.

His faded blue shirt was quite,wet, as was his hair.

He was laughing and making a game of sudsand- splash, but the creases in his face were full of concern and tenderness.

"Did you all get wet?"asked Rachel.

"Fearfully."

Had he seen her driving by in Andrew's great closed car? Was he sick to the very pit of his heart

with her as he knew her now? She could not tell.

"Let me finish drying them, Mark. You're wet

yourself."'They wouldn't let you,"he told her gravely, and reached for the talcum puff.

That night Victor had croup. It was a tearing,

rasping kind of croup that made

Rachel's heart quail within her.

The breath he battled for screeched its way up and down his quivering body; and when

he fought away from the steam tent and oil Mrs. Blue had prepared, he,couId not breathe at

all. (Continued on page 508)

Rachel was on her feet, a strange, dishevelled figure, blazing, beseeching. "Mark.1 Are you going to

make me grovel on my knees? Are

you inhuman? I tell you I don't

want those shining surfaces!

There's nothing Underneath. I want

to live and feel and suffer with the rest of you!"

472 The Improvement Era for June, 1932

Continued from #1 Travel Broadens Onepage 465 with an air of superiority, "I did made a tour all over Europe and first time Lord Nelson atop of his this and that and the other... took with him his faithful kodak. monument in Trafalgar, when

their objective being merely to feed Not being trustful of European you know something about him their own vanity. They probably photographic skill he brought back and it. And how dumb it must

saw very little of Europe."Their all his films and had them develseem to be forced to inquire,

greatest thrill,"so they tell you, oped by a friend in Rochester. To "Lord Nelson? And who was

"came from meeting certain Amerhis chagrin he learned that he had he?"

icans in this or that hotel."What taken fifteen hundred pictures of "Well,"you ask, "Can't one

they really mean is that they were his own shirt front. All through get a book and read upon these

seen by so and so. his trip his kodak had been turned things after one gets aboard the

Instead of seeing Europe and the wrong way. ship?"

learning of its traditions; of dipIt is too late then. And besides

ping into its culture and trying se- I hope you get what I mean. it takes time away from the most

riously to appreciate its backTravel is the most thrilling methinteresting part of the venture.

ground, they build up false imod of securing educational opporThe journey has begun. Here are

pressions of old relics and decaying tunities. We all like to go places people and things to see. This is

churches and an augmented sense and see things. But travel loses the time to watch the sea and sky

of American superiority. many of its most delightful values and to enjoy romantic compan-

"Our buildings are much highif it is not preceded by adequate ionship. The fun is on. It mustn't

er,"they say. "Our stores are preparation. To see things intellibe disturbed by last minute cramlarger.""We have more autogently we should know what to ming.

mobiles.""Our women wear look for. Over the public entrance at the

brighter clothes."All these comIf I were going to Europe I Union Station in Washington, D.

parisons serve to keep their minds should first decide on the places I C., is the admonition, "He that

away from observing the human intended to visit. Then I should would bring home the wealth of

lives of the people and the leisureset to work in earnest, learning all the Indies must carry the wealth like tempo of their existence. I could about these countries from of the Indies with him."So it is

travel books and histories and evin traveling. A man must carry

A MERICAN tempo is paced at ery available source. I should learn knowledge with him if he would

high speed and we sometimes of their arts and music, their sports bring home knowledge."

rush through Europe at such a rate and enjoyments, their business acTravel broadens one when one we can hardly remember where we tivities and the characteristics of approaches it with wide knowlhave been. A story is told of a the peoples. Then upon arrival, edge and a broadened viewpoint,

woman who asked her husband, how I would revel in seeing at first and with a mind keen on learning "Were we in Prague?"hand the things of which I had the truth. But one must also learn

"We must have been,"he relearned. Of course I should have to submerge himself and become

plied, "I see it's marked here on to correct a lot of impressions to absorbed in the fascination of disour itinerary."get things straight. But what covering the beauty of God's great

A certain American traveler thrilling fun it is to see for the wonderland.

*>- ]<K*G*9*>Sl>- Social Justice of Tomorrow-.Continuedpage from455

so, social justice of tomorrow will to say that every industry must age disability it would be strange demand security for the innocent pay a specified rate of wages, beif anyone should object.

victims of enforced idleness. cause that schedule might mean There are some who will say

If wages during good times were operating at a loss, which would that such insurance should be paid high enough to enable workers to mean shutting down and throwfor by the industry instead of by save for a rainy day perhaps uning the whole crew out of work. the worker. I shall not quarrel

employment insurance would not It therefore seems to me that over tweedledee and itweedledum.

be necessary. But there are two the safest plan is not through a I do jiot see what difference it

difficulties. One is that a great sole reliance upon very high wages makes whether the wages are a

many people do not know how and individual saving but through little lower and the employer pays to save, and always spend their insurance within the industry, for the insurance or whether wages earnings, no matter how much every man paying automatically are a little higher and the worker they get. Perhaps this could for the insurance. It may be said pays for the insurance, psychoin a large measure be overcome if that we shall abridge a man's, liberlogically I think the latter is better.

we made the teaching of thrift ty if we force him to save his The worker will feel that he is a national enterprise until we money in this way, by holding being paid higher wages and he became a nation of frugal and savback part of his wages to build will feel that his insurance is ing people. up an insurance policy for him. wholly and truly his own properAnd yet if such insurance were ty because he paid for it.

'T VHE other difficulty is that not obtained at the lowest possible COCIAL workers tell me that all industries can afford to cost, without profit to anyone, insurance of this kind should pay high enough wages to make and if it covered prolonged illness, delay old age and death, because adequate savings feasible. It is idle periodical unemployment, and old worry and fear are the most killing

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 473

factors in human life. Men and fitted many of them would be idleness but that he should be

women will lie pitifully to avoid saved from loss of time and from guaranteed an opportunity to earn being told that they are "too old,"the humiliation and discouragehis,own living. When society

and others wither and sicken when ment of failure when they enter becomes adjusted in this fashion they are afraid they are headed industry or the professions. the state and private philanthropy

for charity or the poorhouse. Morepver, we shall learn as time will have their loads reduced to

A decent standard of living ingoes on that education is not only a minimum, for they will only cludes decent housing. Those of for children. There will be larger have to provide for orphaned or

us who have comfortable homes opportunities for adults to receive abandoned children, for the mencan hardly realize the filthy quarthe education which may have tally and physically handicapped, ters which many of our fellowbeen denied them in earlier life, for those physically affected or beings must call home. Social and they, too, may be helped by diseased iwho threaten society, and

justice of tomorrow will therefore scientific vocational guidance. for certain unadjusted or undebe concerned with suitable dwellProbably with the increased use veloped individuals who will aling places for all. of laborsaving machinery we ways require guidance and superLast spring we held in Salt Lake shall have shorter work days and vision.

City the UtahWhite House Conshorter work weeks. Already the It seems to me such a program

ference on Child Health and Prosix-hour day and the fiveday as I have here barely outlined is tection, and there outlined a proweek seem near at hand. Whether attainable. Whenever we study

gram which we are now preparing they come or not, recreation will social problems.we find that they

to continue. The central theme grow in importance. I dare say are economic problems. I am

of that great gathering was the there will.by and by come a slowsometimes tempted to say that all

health of the child. It was recoging down in the strenuous life of our problems are economic probnized that tomorrow if, not today, America, and a realization that lems, for they all involve finances,

society must be interested in seeing "all work and no play makes Jack and economic problems are finanthat every child, rich or poor, is a dull boy."cial problems.

given the opportunity to be In the ideal state of,the future Economic problems are business a vigoroushealthy and to grow to abolished, be poverty and would all are problems. dependent We

fit physicallymaturity, to enter for a livewould work every man its sense, business, in broad upon the struggle of life. Social justice lihood and receive a wage suffiand we must bear in mind that

of that this will deny tomorrow his cient to himself support and are the reforms which we iseek is a desirable but program, merely as to give well as family him business prosperse- dependent upon will insist that it is an imperative curity for old age. or concern an ity. A bankruptduty. take unprofitable cannot industry

What /about education? We TN other words, social justice of on new burdens in order to amespend more of our tax money for tomorrow does not mean that liorate the condition of the workschools than for anything else, and any man should be supported in ers or to raise the standard of

in these hard times taxes are burliving. Social reform and social

densome. The people of Utah progress must therefore be linked

have always been interested in edwith an interest in the welfare of ucation and they wisely demand legitimate business, but it must good schools for their children, for not be deterred by the mere selfishin no other way can they give their ness and greed which crops out boys and girls a fair chance to suchere and there.

ceed in this modern world. Educational methods may change, but Anyone who has watched the

always children should be kept in trend of business sentiment has school as long as the school is noticed a great increase in its sense able to contribute to their necesof social responsibility. The old

sary development. Here again the business doctrine of every man for

question of wages enters, for the himself and the devil take the schools are our most democratic hindmost is becoming archaic institutions, and parents should among enlightened business men.

be able out of their earnings to I think I am not oversanguine give the children decent clothing, when I predict that social justice books and fees so that they may of tomorrow will receive support preserve their self respect and sense and impetus from many industrial of equality. leaders. They, too, are human,

and they respond to the appeal of a social ideal.

TF the schools are adequately supic<*qJV3I- -* ported so that the teaching profession is made attractive no doubt Another reason why the world we may look forward to vocationis not a Utopia is that too many al direction for children within of us have axes to grind and too the schools. If children could few of us find any pleasure in

scientifically be told in the schools turning the grindstone.""Fits of

for what occupation they are best 'The Mother and Babe"Wits,"by U. J.

Eighteen If You PleaseApril Day

By Ruth May Fox By Virginia Eggertson By Rosannah Cannon

a day so glamorous made was \TEVER I worshiping go Z-JOW * our its spell, in we took V Caught silly shrine, jL a * oflovelyeighteen,and charming the maid -*HHELL,Beforelest

When innocent,blushes and dimples are What ultimate to seek to crown eager way seen This precious life of mine. Discovering beauty in the lark's sweet cry,

Playing hideand-go seek amid soft fluffy The strength of mountains piled against curls, Is physical the ultimate, the sky.

And her laughter discloses a line of white Or is it only shoddy? Faint flush of pink along an orchard

lane, pearls. I try Shall reap to family my rain. javelins of silver slanting And brain or body? From my

I keep these must as such Impressions peal forthAye, laughter, fair of your maid store; eighteen, I Shall stretch in seeking touch my shall hoard. ever treasures only TheYou'll the never again ravine span narrow the north south, For and a thing comfortless is too,1 cold, too Wealth flow'r'Twixt youth's budding and taste womat keep to myself Or home capture not old. It can grows one When anhood's bloom, kisses on The mouth? my spring.

all carolSo your and with song away be this one, like may days from Only gloom.

wrung No wonder you're joyous, sweet maid of The passionate delight of being young!

eighteen, Books -wfiSle*Behind you the years have slipped gayly

I ween, By W. Vance Dobson

Before you the vista is fair to behold

I the afternoon? been all have horizon is gleaming with crimson and JJ/HEREThe

in a pearls for blue lagoon Roads * 'Diving gold.

Peering about on the ocean floor By Olive W. Burt

May,it prove so to be, dear maid of Gathering treasure and looking for more.

eighteen, That no evil shall mar your beautiful Tonight I'll to Athens or else (Bombay, -*J CANNOTThat marbearourthelovelypavedlandroads dream Pausing wherever the mood says stay; Like ugly scars and callouses

Like roses that follow the blossoms of You may come, too, but be quiet, please, Upon earth's workworn hand;

spring, You might disturb Plato or Socrates.

yourMay oh, years brim with joy, full happiBut ness bring. And myI lovepulsesthe alwaysdirt roadsstir

-l&ejsltfll'+ At these friendly wrinkles that betray

Diadem The land's real character.

Proof Watene Makaia Paved roads are laid down anywhere,

Superficial manwrought; and By Clifford L. Walters

the flowering dirt roads grow; IX 7 HEN first o'er Western hilltops But

T>EYOND the hills where dim trails * * Majestic night sailed down Of a friendly, living thought.

*-'wind, To reign o'er Earth she humbly came

I go to seek, and ever find, A queen without a crown.

Eternal proof of God -46*V- I've seen Him in the flashing streams So, from the pearls of moonlight,

Of mountains where the wild fawn And gold of sunset bars, dreams, God wrought a royal diadem Coward's Prayer

And whisp'ring pine trees nod. And crowned the night with stars!

By Walter Teed

I've seen the of paint dark Night Him gold not I ask orchid light; flaming ofWith dawns OGOD!

the glories of world Nor the stay of Wrong;Or Hand

happiness, even NotI've fire, seen sunset's in the Him goal of most mankind. The to inspire His PresenceAnd known

I ask of much Thee less—lark to song.The meadow

the mind. of courage For

I've walked His 'fields, and seen where grows O greatest of the Gods, Among the thorns, a perfect rose. What matter if the odds

Adorned with jewels of rain; Are overwhelmingly

I've seen the farflung stars of night Against my puny brawn,

In benediction pour their light If I have within me

On sea and silent plain. The courage to go on.

I've seen Him brush the clouds from skies, O Father, hear my pray'r:

And heard Him in the breeze that sighs When I, like wounded bear,

Across the freshturned sod Am ringed with terriers

Beyond the hills where dim trails wind, And it's imy time to die

I go to seek, and ever find, I'd want to charge my harriersEternal proof of God. With couragegleaming eye.

G J-fere (omes the

By Adah R. Nayl

THISsunnyis days,June! of Abluemonthskies, ofof

at flowering earth—Spring

its fullness—"renewing once

again the ancient rapture."

At this season of the year, human hearts are always stirred by nature'sgladness, and man—'tis said—is moved

to choose a mate. But does man do

the choosing? He likes to think so

and yet almost any woman can marry almost any man she knows, providing she goes about it in the right way.

Not by approach. She does not seem

to choose, but in a subtle manner known to the true daughters of Eve she manages to attract the man her heart desires.

It is right that woman should select her mate, for to her, marriage is the one great incident of life,. It is also

her great venture. And in order to

guard this venture she should use all the intelligence she has in choosing her mate. "Look before you leap,"and

"not only count ten, count a hundred"are good axioms to remember. Because a boy has a merry laugh, and an

intriguing line of talk, and dances well, it doesn't follow that a girl should find in him the one who would prove to be her ideal mate forever and foris a long allever. Forever during

business. serious mate is abeing a of time. And The Wedding Day herA girlhoodwoman lookswith aforwardmixture awe,

Two people joined in marriage take HPHE boy and girl who suddenly wonder, and joy to her wedding day upon themselves a serious obligation. make up their minds to run away and when that day finally arrives she

"For better or for worse, through and marry, usually explain afterwards should plan for all the joy and the sickness and through health"they agree that they did it to avoid "all the thrills that are a bride's by right. A

to love and cherish each other. The fuss."But isn't marriage an event lovely dress—not necessarily expensive journey they make through life toover which a "fuss"should be made?—something that can be worn and engether may, in a way, be compared to Not necessarily the "fuss"that means joyed afterwards, and perhaps saved

a trek across country made by men elaborate entertaining and a show of to show the next generation. All the

belongings their should be hers. "Something have can be traditions weddingand and who women money clothes—a

them. old and before new, something something they push a yet be attended occasion cart which andon made an Sometimes the road is so level that with great simplicity. Life is a gloriborrowed and something blue"—the

by merely keeping their hands on the ous experience to those who recognize delightful ceremony,'of cutting the cart it rolls along ahead of them. At its great moments and make the best cake—the shower of rice—the good other times there is a down grade, and of them, and surely a girl's wedding luck of old shoes—the joyous wishes

the momentum the cart gains, fairly day is one of her great moments. Marof friends. All of them happy things

carries them along with it. When they riage is an institution ordained of to be remembered and to be told to

strike a hill it is necessary to dig their God, and if a girl is right in her her children when they are old enough heels in and push with all their might. thought about it she wants God's to be interested in weddings. The

Sometimes the hill is so high they canblessing, the sanction of her parents thrills of later years are often made up not see the top, and one grows disand the good wishes of her friends to of memories, and the woman who has couraged and turns back, or both sit attend her. The couple who go off a happy glow in her heart when she

down and look about for someone to by themselves and are married in the remembers her wedding day has much give them a lift. But if they push City Hall with as little ceremony as to be thankful for.

and climb together until they reach the if they were recording a mortgage, or summit, they know the joy of achieveobtaining license plates for their autoEntertaining the Brideto-be ment and are thrilled with the view mobile, have not only missed a great HpHE extravagance of modern sothat is to be gained from a mountain moment but they have made a bad cial life has led to many foolish top. start. (Continued on page 507)

eauty in thejiome WALLS AS BACKGROUND By LUTIE H. FRYER

Professor of Home Economics, University of Utah

largest part of the backis for colored woodwork and is a most to be used in such a way. SometimesTHEground of a room is formed sensible one. The apparent size of this natural wood is finished with

by the walls, including the the room is increased.when the wall shellac and then rubbed down. Another

woodwork. The color, tone, paper and the woodwork are closely pleasing effect is secured through the

and texture of the fixed background related in color and value. In a room use of a finishing oil from which the

determines the atmosphere of the room. where designed wall paper is used, oxidizing acid has been removed.

Houses are as different as their owners; a most pleasing effect may be produced Woodwork treated in this way is deeach has an individuality servedly popular as it gives

all its own. And, on the a soft mellow appearance

correct matching of this to a room, and is easy to individuality depends the harmonize with wall paper successful decoration of or other wall treatments.

each home. The varnished yellow pine

woodwork which is often Woodwork as Part seendesirablein housestype isofthewoodleast of Background work. Yellow pine can be

npHE problem of woodandtreatedthenwithwaxeda waterso thatstainthe work is not entirely a shiny yellow appearance matter of emotional reacwill not be brought out.

tion, that is the "I like it These water stains, someor I don't like it"point of times called acid stains, view. For example, you give a softer effect to wood

may like natural varnished than the oil stains which wood because it is easy to are simply a thin coat of keep clean and you enjoy paint.

seeing the grain of the that iswood; a sufnot

ficient it Walls as reason for using in a Colonial house. Again, Background

the delicate cream paint and mahogany doors so be- H A T E V E R youcoming to the New Eng- w:have in your rooms

land type of house is not think first of the walls for the proper woodwork for they make your house and the bungaLw or the Spanhome, and if some sacriish type of house. fice is not made in their

In the building of a new favor you will find your home or the renovating of rooms have a makeshift, an old house, you should lodginghouse look about have some control over the them, however irich (and woodwork, but if you are handsome your furniture living in a rented house, may be.

the chances are that you The color of the walls will be obliged to accept what is Fig. I\o. 1: When the walls of a room should be selected according to a room's

already there, but a little paint and are treated as background, pictures size and exposure, and in harmony a few spare hours can work wonders. may be used as a means of decoration. with the furniture. Warm tints such

If the woodwork is bright in color, as yellow, cream, buff, tan or peach it if in texture, shinyor or has even sunless cool rooms; for be used

selecting colors in should light of the one by a wall, strong the value contrast with green, as tints gray blue, French such the painting paper and woodwork is it is the apt to noticeable than be more small rooms; for lavender and or it. like desirable. Walls and of woodwork rooms. spacious for tones deeper more

approximately the same value make Some people do not care for paint, the most livable background. That they would rather see the natural There are two courses open for the

is why cream or ivory colored woodwood. Of late, we see some of the treatment of walls, with reference to

work is more desirable than pure white new homes finished in natural wood the decorative and furnishing scheme because there is less value contrast with which has a pleasing color in itof the room. They may be treated

the wall color. The present vogue self. Gumwood is an excellent wood either as background for the furnishThe Improvement Era for June, 1932 477

Fig. No* 2: When the wall paper in Fig. No. 3: Furniture appears to a Fig. No. 4: Wall hangings require

a room serves as decoration mirrors better advantage {when placed against a subdued background.

should be used instead of pictures. a background void of design.

ing or they may be treated as a either background or decoration. or darker; as grayed colors and low

decoration in themselves. They must Which they shall be depends upon the tones make for restfulness. Brighter

be either one thing or the other; they design or the absence of design the colors and higher values should be

cannot be both at the same time. Any walls reveal. kept for small masses.

attempt to make them a little, of both As a general rule the walls of the The walls of bed rooms should be is foredoomed to weakness and faildining room can better be treated as suggestive of peace and quiet comure. Many people fail to recognize decoration because the family spends bined with beauty. Bedrooms can be

this vital truth and by reason of their less time in this room and few if any far more personal than any other room failure to recognize it disastrous bluntall pieces of furniture are placed in the house because one's personal ders are the result. It is necessary to against the wall. The scenic wall taste is less restricted in the selection

decide at the very beginning of your papers which carry the design around of color, pictures, fabrics and ornaplanning whether the walls are to be the walls in an unbroken pattern withments. Here it is that individuality

decorative or background, and then out repeats are delightfully gay and is freely expressed. Bedrooms are

stick consistently to your decision. colorful, and as they give a feeling of generally mediumsized or small, and

space and distance, they may be used for that reason a plain paper is always even in small dining rooms. Such pagood, as it makes the room appear

Background Qualities per is usually used above a dado, larger and gives it the restful quality pleasTF walls are to be a background they structingwhich preventsthe design.the furnitureA paperfromof thisobsoing essentialeffect mayin abebedroom.secured byAusing

must be so treated in color and sort is a complete decoration in itself fine stripe, a small all over pattern ina texture that they will be an excellent and does not call for pictures or other two tones, or a stippled paper.

foil to them whatever is hung upon or embellishment. suggestions as to what not A few apagainstplaced them. must They The walls of the living room are to use "Spotty,"be of some value. may

pear to support pictures and other generally treated as background be- "quarrelsome,""busy"and vague"movable decorations hung upon them. cause the family spends much more designs should be avoided. Instead of

Walls must not detract from the effect time there than in the dining room. permitting the mind to be at rest such

of any movable decorations which are The restful and inviting effect so depapers weary one with the effort to hung on them, either by reason of an sirable in the living room is best obcount spots, or to arrange a design obtrusive pattern that distracts the eye, tained through a decorative scheme, which is vague or seems to have no or by a quality of color that seems to which is neither too strong in color nor beginning or ending, or to find imagiabsorb and even lessen the value of too light in value. The texture effects nary shapes or faces. Those who have

the movables. secured by a mottled spotting of color, been ill in bed for some time can best

and gold and silver papers are all efappreciate the irritating effect of such fective as backgrounds. used when eyes papers and mind. upon both Decorative Qualities

gray, taupe, putWalls of sand a warm a floral paper, it should In selecting

TF the walls are to serve as a decoraty, straw color or buff, plain or figured, be one which is more or less convention in themselves, then pictures, make very satisfactory backgrounds. tionalized. The advantage of a wall

wall hangings and other movable decoWith such a quiet background one which is plain, or plain in effect, is that rations must be kept off the walls and has a great variety of colors from it makes a better background for pictall pieces of furniture as are ordinarily which to choose the accessories. The tures and furnishings, and permits the

placed against the wall, so far as poslist includes various dull reds, blue, use of interesting cretonnes or other sible should be dispensed with. green, bluegreen, mulberry, plum, beautiful, figured fabrics.

It makes no difference whether the henna and old gold. Whatever the Whatever the wall treatment of any

walls are plastered, panelled, painted color may be, it should be grayed for room may be, the ceiling should always or papered, in all cases they must be large masses and used in medium value appear plain and lighter than the walls.

478 The Improvement Era for June, 1932

The modern designs for bedrooms avoided by the use of different harmoshow lovely pastel colors, such as nious colors in the furnishings of the

French blue, pale green, orchid or The Monument various rooms.

cream backgrounds, against which In the case of rooms which are alcombinations of gay flowers are placed By Given M. Linford ready furnished and they are not re-

-bring can papatterns. lated to each.other, These wein spreading builded have her a monument yOU the to little transition from one roompers bedrooms place. about transform ordinary her resting mark To

into places of beauty. The wood- A monument of marble fine other by the use of rugs, draperies,

work may be painted one of the colors Which time cannot efface. upholstery fabrics and accessories. Supof the flowers, and the hangings should The letters which inscribe her name pose the living room on one /side of

be kept plain and in accord with the Are written clear and true. the hall has a color harmony in sage

she'd rather Boy, But hall the across far have had green, the dining room color.predominating in you. monument A in blue, then values of old may have kitchen is one containThe modern

could schemes color hall the two the colorbeauty. cultivateing failed to color and Many You've

of upholstery rug, combined. The traits character she taught. be are to of that can be washed Those ful papers

be found on the market. The kitchen The very things she warned against a hall chair or a bench, the scarf on the

is the workshop or the laboratory of Are the ones for which you sought. hall table, and perhaps a piece of potof pray, boy. so did hope and She (combination a my could! tery show of place a it be should andthe home

son, her be you, might That blues. greens and color and of presence the in forbeauty of embodiment manhood The greater house, has large one a In are tasks performed daily thebeauty see. all to the world For the in liberty problem out working kitchens and fatigue. less For farwith

bathrooms there are dainty and pleasBut instead you've fashioned marble of transition, but even then the uniing sanitary papers made to represent To place beside the grave, form color for background is often tiles and other interesting designs. The Of one, who, during life, best, but here we may have variety by

use of all gray or all white is no longer Her all for you so freely gave. using different kinds of wall coverings

soul, build boy. within your texture in my contrast should which show of Now the walls necessary onconsidered

shrine, greater Another, plaster, finished rough or as smooth every invaded has Colorthese rooms. In of her homage memory cloth. grass paneling or paper, paint, house. the inroom eternity time. and For friendto all be our homes want We walls the of color texture and The entrue bring places ly, which cheery with in harmony be a mustof room accomfamily. to the joyment To used. to be are that furnishingsthe unthis, be should coverings plish wall is, to transition color given that the must walls roughsurface instanceFor carry to help they obtrusive; must color of change from one to anfurniture. room fine surface forbe chosen real a and decorative make the scheme is other. transition Color the of one

most important problems in the selecbackground for the furnishings and the

Correcting Proportions tion of color for a group of rooms people who live there.

which are often connected with each

A S walls are the cardinal factors in other or with the hall. Test on Walls as Background** determining the character of the If each room with its color harroom, it is important that they promony is considered without any 1. T. F. Whiteroom. woodwork is best for any

claim good proportions. A room that thought of the colors used in the ad- 2. T. F. Rooms appear larger when the

appears too high, often may be remjoining rooms the general effect will wallcloselypaperrelated.and the woodwork are

edied by repetition and emphasis of lack harmony and unity. In the deco- 3. T. F. Green, gray and blue colors are

for sunless rooms. height too little while lines; hall the the logical place ration ofhorizontal tints buff as cream, such to 4. T. F. Warmused

to a corrected great begin, are of the suggested or tan think for rooms must rooms can be wein a room extent by the use of vertical lines. A on either side of it. First of all, a 5. T. F. containingThe walls littleof a sunlight.hall or dining

pronounced pattern, or a rough texture hall should be inviting and hosroom are best treated as decoof medium tone, seems to draw the pitable to those who come to the 6. T. F. Mirrorsration. but not pictures can be

walls of a room closer together and to house. It should lead graciously into used on walls which are treated

diminish its apparent size. A smooth the rooms which adjoin it. A hall 7. T. F. asFlowereddecoration.chintz are suggested for

texture reflects light better than a rough may be satisfactorily decorated and window treatments in bedrooms texture; consequently a smooth finfurnished when considered by itself; ifdesign.the wall paper contains much

ish is preferable for a small room. but unless it has the proper color tran- 8. T. F. Gold and silver papers make good

sition into the adjoining room it is a!). T. F. Papersbackgroundscontainingfor livingconsiderablerooms.

for bed are suggested rooms. designs Importance of Room Size failure.rooms shouldThe colorsmeet infromthe thehall,variousthere10. T. F. Floralaction paper in wall

its fore, conventionalized. should color be fairly be should wall paper, an wall choosing 7"HEN T. 11.TI for F. Orchid is good work wood sugshould paper or the wall bedroom. any is neutral * to consider thing important for 12. color gest harmonies T. plastered the F. a various walls Rough make

should pattern sizescale. of the larger. appear room The the into hall opens. the which rooms containing polka dots is Paper of the size to relation inbe selected a small apartment or 13. T. F. especially the case for of large rooms. In good

patterned bold is to select the wise wallthe room. paper A large,

hall relate for the front and room, in a small is absurddesign it. to the adjoining roomsfirst and onecottage,of thein bestwhichtreatmentsthe hallis foundis small,in 14. T. F. It

character has dot no polkaa tiny apartments small the rooms walls or the use of flat painted if plain wall larger paper plain 15. T. F. Inappear great a over spread outwhen color, is used. same throughout. expanse paper The

of wall space in a large room. or several tints of it, or very closely 16. T. F. Incolors,kitchensthe workcontainingis done beautifulwith less

related colors may be used. The woodfatigue.

Color Transition work and (the floors should be the same or very closely related in the Answers to Lesson on Floor

A FTER a study has been made of hall and rooms because such a treat- "** each room and an appropriate ment not only produces unity;but Coverings

larger. 1. the hall rooms seem F and T out makes F has been worked)color scheme

2. 10. 5. T 9. F F agreeable background an With such of the room exposure to theaccording 11. 3. T F 6.7. T

and its use, some thought must be as a starting place, monotony can be 4. T 8. T 12. F

in PrintingThe Very Last Word Old Qlory Interesting Innovations Prevail in Huge Cincinnati FlagFactory Based on

Experience in FlagWork Extending Over Just Fifty Years

Felix J. Koch

SIXthedaysyear,the theseweek, manyfifty weeksmore inopportunitythat earlier theregroup mightto suggestrest thein commerciallyin the quantityprofitable,in whichproduceda plant years than she cares to admit, printing flags alone. By and by, like this puts out wares, is the flag

the 2 inches by 3. Placed to its stick,a Betsy Ross of our own time sits the tail drove the horse—as

finishing American flags, for disveteran president will have it here. one finds this flag retailed in thepatch the nation over. The printers who printed flags just toy—and penny—stores, usually

What millions of flags she has now and then turned fullforce to lc each.mounted to their sticks in the time printing flags alone. Next thing put out—in point of"were folly to guess."Interesting developments in size—is the 3Jx6 inch flag.

This modern Betsy Ross, printingpractice and in output Stores handling such buy the flags who's name is not Ross at all, have come since then, be sure! in quantity. They retail them lc

has been employed with the big "Very smallest flag it pays each as well. These small flags

Cincinnati flagfactory, where she a flagprinting establishment like are popular with persons who labors still, since before many of this to put put now,"Craig relates adorn the lawn with circles, stars, us were born! of what the evolution has brought other patterns, built all of small

flag, there, to "is a lapel them suitable occasions. on 5/8 flags, With

in She and a host of other workers inch dimension one an inch parties by increasing in favor lawn of either sex. otherwise. Printing these flags in. America over, these flags enjoy

The big Cincinnati flagfactory most approved modern fashion, we splendid sale.

is in active operation as a flag facprint them in sheets, of course. Omitting intermediate sizes,

tory now exactly 50 years. The Now a sheet 24x36 is found the printed to meet certain calls of the

veteran now its president, Watson most practicable for the purpose. trade, the flag found to sell best

Craig, has been with it since It yields enough of the tiny flags of all today is the 8x12 specimen;

the start. In fact he was one of per sheet to make producing such good stick along. It retails for a

a company operating a very general worth while."nickel. Quantities of it go to

printing business before, out of lawns as well. More are sold for

Chance—Fate-—-causedwhich this flag industrya emerged.someone A FTERthe smallestthe distinctlysize flaglapelflag,found carryingby children.in paradesStill andgreaterotherquanfetes

480 The Improvement Era for June, 1932

tities are consumed on graves on tageous to use an ordinary cylinderNot only does one get the best

Memorial Day, and at other appress. Two colors are printed at impress by that,,one saves his

propriate times. a time on both sides of the sheet. machine as well.

Advancing to the flag retailing Sheets of white muslin 36x48, fed Out of the presses, there's anbasic white—now other "pinning"operation suc-a dime, set to staff, the 12x18 inch in, emerge—the

type is the popular seller. the white stripes; the red, the blue ceeds:

the largest enjoying ord time. come out of the press consists of ahere,—becauseThe largest flag to be printed field, printed as should be, in recEach individual printed sheetreally big sales,—is the flag 27x42 Presses of the sort used here now great number of flags. These willinches,—a flag put out for flying cost $3000. They last about 25 have to be "cut out."That all

staff service. a in permanent such years on thefrom over shall cut be exactly—one It at will retail grounds.owner's rest in next, must a stack—theyout eyes lay watching, the print35c. 'TO mate. over exactly each To secure

Go larger than this among the ing of flags appears like printthat, men now pin the edges of flags, and one goes into the class ing just any other tricolor work the sheets. The four corners each

of the "sewed flags,"a tale of on any paper. Actually, a differreceive an ordinary pin, pushed

themselves. ent ink is employed for the flag down so that the corner stays over

"Base"of the printed flag put from what is used by almost anycorresponding c o r n e r exactly, out in Cincinnati so is muslin. thing else in such fields. It must mark it—till the flags upon that

Endless quantities of sheets of that be a "faster color"ink. Cost of sheet have been cut out. Certain

convert to flags each workday of such ink is about the same, per of this, the machine goes into the year. unit, as that employed in paper operation; individual flags are cut

print, for the quantity of it conout the sheets.EXPERIMENT has shown the tracted for the fiscal year.

flagproducers that they do best "The ink one uses must be a printed, flags musthaving this muslin come from the fastcolor type over all else,"Craig DROPERLY mills in rolls of 300 to 500 yards, insists. be mounted to their sticks.

according to number, or size, of Visitors to a flagfactory are apt This work is done here by hand.

flags to be run. Rolls 36 inches to be numerous through the year. For certain flags, corps of girls

broad. Even veteran printers, from cities are employed to do mounting with

This muslin comes from such not having such institutions, will glue. Each girl will take a stick

concerns as require no inspection of drop in to see. They delight to exof a proper size from the pack at

products by purchaser before use. plain to other comers, not printers, her side. She dips it into a glueThe muslin roll therefore, is how each alternate turn of the pot to the point the flag itself will

mounted as needed, on a familiar cylinder, work proceeds without reach. This gummed stick is then

clothcutting machine, and fed. printing on the muslin. Instead, touched to the far edge of the top

This cuts it to exactly the length there is an impression made on the flag of the stack before her. The

desired. Cutters of this sort, eleccylinder itself. Thus things alglue makes it "stick."The girl,tricallydriven, are small short of ternate: On cylinder—on muslin. assured it's caught, rolls the flag

human in serving their purpose. As result, one secures the bestsort about the stick entirely. Then she

At intervals wanted, a blade printed flags in the end. sets it by, to dry and pack. When

descends to cut the cloth across. Also, care must be taken not to a given number of these flags are

The freed sheet continues, and is run things through too fast. Best on the form before her she signals.

dropped to a stack of the sheets. results come by putting the sheets An attendant transfers them to the

There is a recordingdevice, counts through maximum 800 the hour. packingroom. They're placed in

these sheets as they fall. Comes

whatever number is desired, and a touch of a button and the work halts. Normally, at this factory,

10,000 sheets will be "run"for each kind of flag being printed before the cutter is stopped.

Following actual cutting comes the simple process of "pinning,"getting sheets in exact position for the press. The workman in charge

of supplying a stated press is advised just what number is desired "by"just then. He takes up that

"bunch,"he'd say. Pins all neatly,

so that they shall feed in, each just so. Then work of printing

is ready to "go."

Time was—well within memory of the present generation, when

many flags were printed "flat."

Here they find it most advanDreamy Woods

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 481

cases waiting and are ready for order. Not long since, one 80 feet

shipping where desired. by 160 went to Pittsburgh, for

Simple, speedy, as this modern I Like To Camp her city hall. The flag proved too

process is, it presents its contrast to By Weston N. Nordgren big for the purpose intended. It

that of the flagmaker of not so was too big to float as it should.

is fire signal the burning it TJ/HEN rear to the taken of a So before. waslong ** distant the peak; mountain On is it ballfield. large relate at the they There drawn "Then,"sighing, the cool breeze night plant When

field across flagpro- dislargest thehere, on occasion, "even and all to stars the seem And isspeak—

ducers used the 'rollerprocess'played in this way.

alone. When the moon comes, pale and yellow, Flags are considered big when

divine of night the rim To feet. were fed or 12 feet "Sheets to become flags 25 by 20, 15 by

one's quickly memories Where rolls. these flags large are toto sold heavy, largesized mellow, Most silent a tent 'Neath pine of

"Strangely, it was years before municipalities. They retail at $75

flagdom found that this was not Where the campfire gleams so redly each.

nearly as practical as our present Through the d usk, and stories "tall"Putting forth flags, sticks must medley 'run'a large provided.method. make The factories thrall be yet in

out,'theseflags * * of MingleOf boys'1 withvoices,the* tuneful* appeared—'CameWhen is secured we as well. Basswood

thrill a o'ersaid flags were being, comes wet There from Kentucky, Michigan. This my then—the

I in praise voice And Jift my arrives as boards of various lengths, ink. Again and againwith the

according to run-o'-mill of thethe entire 'run'had to be hung to ToWheremy Maker,I spendinmythenightsforestand days!

—howdry. Youutterlymayimpracticable,guess how tediouscomtime.ripsaw,Theandboardsripped areto fedthe towidththe

existing to desired.pared then put through They are method—that flagfactory are the national colors,

the sheets, using a "sticker."Today, sticksmust be! small Where

course. ofwe marvel that anyone should have are wanted, guages are set to bring national organizaInnumerable a time. a process such suchused forth at 12 sticks a time. With tions, their have own flagoften, so the the larger about sizes, a "Ever small of number

flags. Rotary, Moose, 'Thesocieties,Lions,factories recalling sticks find someone you come.

how, when the flags were printed have had for a long time. Very small.flags are gummed to

in the older [days, girls were ensticks, as indicated.

pattern of the '""THE on the flag 'test.'eachgaged to raise larger, the flag is the With aloft—as Legion, with American the flag that exneededFinding its the stitched is to stock pole. The

tended drying, it was hung on a button of the order emblazoned split, in this case, to ireceive the carrier, that bore it away, while upon it, is considered a tedious one flag there. The flag is slipped

receiving more, ever more, flags of among patterns for private flags. through, between the halves of the

the kind. The process was like But the demand for these flags is pole. The nail is stitched with a

that of hanging wash to a clothesso steady, that the flagmakers have familiar-s o r t stitchingmachine, are letterthat "cuts"producedline at dis- a loop forming some carrying its wire the through wood design. perfect to the then They the gardenpost.tant laden As all secure and making the end. to

flags, at the ready up, made off,line travels the in carry comes empty flags large Extra are given an all is there times. again, year- | So itsfor load. continued Drying or ornament, pattern, at the top of call flags for the of organizaround least. night, atover the pole. at Some adornment tion of Disabled Veterans. Enough flags, great finstacks of "Now, well. as handleend, are filling printed, of these when are alished usually evening, with

lowed to dry of vwhat moisture an order of itself, so that there is Wartime is, of course, the time may be over night. But it's not a generous surplus in stock. With when flagtrade booms. Not just

the bothersome, costly process was these flags also, 4000 to 5000 copies for sale to the armed forces, but to before."constitute an edition, as a rule. loyalists at home. During the

The big American flagfactories World War flagfolk sold easily

VI/'HILE much of the process of make thousands of copies of the three times as many flags as they flagproduction remains the flags of all the foreign nations. did in the best peacetime years.

same with the old otherwise, the These are not for export. They Paperpennants, printed with inexpert marks differences at points are sold in the States, for marking signia—cardboard megaphone,

"long the line."national holidays of those counprinted with ads, before depressing,

Red in the flags today must be tries among their nationals here. curving, mounting in their rims

Confetti, to made by reducing a deep,bright red—scarlet. Blue, disks discarded editions of blue,"blue—"nationaldark it is A LONG with the flags described, smallcalled. The flagprinters have incidental to the business of lithographs—showbills, posters,

found they do best buying ink to printing flags, some costlier flags the consigners found no further these ends already mixed. Also, are put out as well. use for, and were glad to return to

all sideextra-profitable enter the blue comes the mustn't Bunting from mill end—arespread—thethey need an jink which does not These are the "sewed flags."the printers at pittance, for this big, lines of the modern flagprint- colored already the desired.stars, the red, the shades stripes. Extended

ery, as described here.experiment shows them it pays to Strip is sewed to strip—stars tolet the inkproducer give them field—by sewingmachine,—there Only, mark—huge though the

what they need, instead attempting are 15 machines in a battery at one sale of them, they're only sidelines.

to mix of themselves. point. It's the flags—the printed flags—

Not all flags printed at a big Some very big flags emerge on that really pay!

.

Health Habits

and how to avoid them

by J. R. Poulson

Even health habits taken too seriously may become tyrants so why not laugh over them a bit with Jean Poulson. "A laugh a day keeps

the jitters away. "

heart. a sweet diseases often proved very laughget This was someto be needsSOMETHING

circles. It able. in medical thing new shortage. done about the

first a record that time the was on read too only can about You case a dear old automatic mother, heart caused sweet was by 1V/TY babies bringing up of waysmany diabetes. of inverted sugar (I incubator an baby) was of weight, methodsto normal

I hailas within tried soon came to As bring up to standard me their ego, their scramblingtaming

I dedistance chandelier of ing the size the use Delapiof Hoyden's by that theireggs, settling hash and other racket about rickets, but have dated Milk From Condemned termined that no more sensitive lacking a mansize, youngsters or the soup Cows, and lumber with offered ever means seen anyyou gorillasize, pituitary, be should in: left grain whole but no use. Well, kids long? shortto make

indignities to subjected of anthe in put I was still to bed Grandma's there!I've been

to swering "Shorty,""Runt,"basket. sewing

I short too a boy, was much As

I used being "Squatty,""Stubby,"fteen years old was When the matterever to was what know bait, as still trout or swallowed get by could the into and house other age an me. whenwith At

I therefore nearsighted cows. cat's entrance, the the family by for doors able to open wereboys

themselves, I could roll over just doctor advised the grafting of the offer the following health rules to as easily standing up as lying pituitary gland of a gorilla. (Pitube used in bringing up kids to the

correct for longitude, or "Stunts itary especially is an ugly word, did, to often muchdown. And

if the Stunted."you're a having monkey's.) parents. ofthe amusement my

1 bisfried eggs, of plenty Feed at the a gland time had like to Everybody planets looked knobsDoor cuits use cake, but sponge operation, no and including the doctor, old. years nineteen I wasme until

not only brought up shortening. who me spoke MotherOften when my just eighteen candy or penny inches 2. Hold but removed from the eating to aboutharshly me

fingers of the outstretched dollars above than hundred me two more I trap, thecheese of mouse out the patient. Tell I had. him he can have of embarrassin a feverwould

it. it if he can reach With this greater height came a the under rug, andment, wander

would be lost for days without change in my diseases: or rather, in 3. Buy clothes too large for

to they'll so children have to grow the location of Some my diseases. finally until or water, I wasfood

fit. insure a (Don't be good gallstones handcarved that I had cleaner.recovered in the vacuum

Thus, although I was racked by been able to use as watch fobs fooled by the age size on rompers almost every disease of which man when I was younger and smaller, and coveralls. They are set three

boasts, the liar, the identity of grew up into goiter's with my adyears high by designing manufacthese diseases was always vague vance in size, and WhgyhttH turers.)

and hard to determine. For in- (same pronunciation as with a 4. Hang child over stove. (Heat

stance, I was never certain whether skunk under the house) what a expands.)

I was afflicted with acute sore nasty taste! A slight limp I had 5. Have the subject get plenty

throat or a case of the roving chilturned into stuttering, my flat feet of sound, uninterrupted sleep. In

blains. Inasmuch as the cure for became a flat head, and my bowcase he has insomnia, resort to the

chilblains was at that time hourly legs, a halo. famous sheepcounting cure. Sevapplications of rubbing alcohol, eral precautions must be taken if

and sore throat was generally reTT followed as a matter of course this method is used, however, in moved with the sharpest of surthat as soon as I grew into the case the subject is inexperienced, gical utensils, the confusion in tall and handsome class I should a. Always be sure of the quality

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 483 of the sheep before counting it. and "Lambie Down to Sleep."days show the proper combination

(One night, when I was troubled This is to keep them from jumping of these rules which might best be with an unusually severe case of back over the fence and waking applied to his own particular case.

sleeplessness, I had counted up to you up. When the condition is aggravated

fourhundred and thirtyeight on 6. Run baby through a wringer. all seven of them should be ap-

a large herd when a closer exam- 7. Attach the subject's feet to plied.

ination of number fourhundred foundation of house. Tie one end However, it's my private opinthirty-nine showed me I had been of a heavy rope around subject's ion that this epidemic of babies

counting goats and I had to get up neck: fasten other end to the hindcan't last very long. Then this

and take a bath.) b. After you wheel hub of your car. Jack up article will be as useless as it seems

get a herd counted, keep them on the wheel. Start car. to some of you now. Babies are

the right side of the fence by sing- A little experimenting by a just a fad,—like bridge contests

ing old sheepherder ballads like painstaking parent will in a few and mumps.

"Mutton Up Your Overcoat,"*i<X%S>jFM*- -* 4iThe M. 1. A. Writes Its Name in Enduring

. Continued from -—page Stone ]and Bronze—469

cussed for the sale of the coins but oortant historic events. Other been placed and at least twelve are

not until tht decision was reached funds will still be needed but the expected to be erected during 1932.

to ask the M. I. A. to undertake campaign of the M. I. A. has made A tentative schedule for this year

the sale was there any indication success certain. includes the following: (1) At

of success. With this cooperation the Utah Henefer, on the Old Mormon

Pioneer Trails and Landmarks AsTrail, the first of a series at im-

A SPECIAL committee of the sociation has taken the lead among portant points on the Pioneer hightwo General Boards was similar organizations in Western way. (2) At Pipe Springs, Ariformed to suggest the plan. It States and now has under way a zona, now a national monument.

was based upon the idea of a systematic plan of cooperation (3) at port Hall, Idaho, on the "plains dinner"where food suitwith local communites whereby Old Oregon Trail, (4) at Casper, able for a reproduction of a dinner the historic resources of this region Wyoming, marking the "Moron the plains would be contributed will be preserved for future generamon"ferry over the Platte River and by selling tickets at one dollar tions. established in 1847. (5) At

each provide an automatic sale of The scope of the work is nonMartins'Hollow and Rock Creek the coins. Each purchaser was to sectarian, nonpolitical, and nonHollow, Wyoming, marking the

be given the dinner and the coin sectional. Historical events consites of tragic camps of the handfor his dollar. Fifty cents of that nected with the exploration, piocart pioneers of 1856. (6) At

amount was to go into the monuneering and settling of the West are Mountain Dell on the Pony Exment fund. being commemorated without repress Trail. (7) At the Holy

The result was one of the outgard to any considerations other Cross Hospital in Salt Lake City, standing achievements of M. I. A. than historical importance. honoring the Pioneer Catholic Sishistory. Variations in the general ters who established one of the first

plan were made to suit local conAN interesting plan has been dehospitals in Utah.,(8) At the

ditions and a wave of enthusiasm veloped for placing, recording Salt Lake Base and Meridian Stone swept over the "M. I. A."areas and publicizing the markers and on the Southeast corner of Temple

of the west. From Colorado, Wythe events they commemorate. Square in Salt Lake City. In recoming, Idaho, Oregon, Nevada, Markers are placed in cooperation ognition of the cooperation of the

California and New Mexico and with some local association or M. I. A. this marker is being

Arizona came reports of success. group. Each marker is given a placed in the name of the M. I. A.

Canada joined in. The Utah colnumber which is recorded together as a part of the June Conference

ony;in New York staged a "plains with historical data connected with Program. Other markers are

dinner."the site. A little later it is expected planned for this year and details

The activity was not confined that a guide book will be published are now being developed.

to members of the Church. In showing photos of the markers and While this article is in course, of

Salt Lake City, Daughters of the giving a brief history of each. preparation plans are under way

Utah Pioneers, Catholic Woman's Many persons are entitled to to dedicate a large and impressive

League, Daughters of the American credit and recognition in planning monument near Bear River City,

Revolution, Sons of the American and carrying out the program commemorating the journey down

Revolution, Daughters of the which has been so successful, but the Bear River by Jim Bridger in"Mormon"Batallion, Daughters to the M. I. A.—the Stakes and 1824, resulting in the discovery of

of the Handcart Veterans, Service wards where the response was so Great Salt Lake. This monumentStar Legion and other groups coenthusiastic—belongs the credit is the result of an activity covering

operated. The result insured the for providing the bulk of the the entire winter season on the part

success %jof the movement. (Suffunds without which the program of the Bear River High School

ficient funds were realized to make could not have been carried forChapter of the Future Farmers of possible the erection of markers in ward. America, many of whom are Boy

commemoration of our most imAlready seven monuments have Scouts and Vanguards.

en in Ten Thousand By LES GOATES

Lincoln Ward Railsplitters (Granite Stake)

AllChurch champions, 1930; Salt Lake division and /second place

title holders in 1931; all Church champions, 1932. The squad: (Left

to right) Matsen, Fitts, W. Garff, Gardner, Herzog, Fisher, H. Jensen,

E. Garff, Bachelor, Ball, Tauffer, Johnson. (Front) Al Hibhard, Coaches

Vivian Jensen and Major Garff, S. Jensen, mascot.

"We will do more than just succeed, participants dazzled at the imtheir ranks and because of their

Lepidus; we will deserve success!"mensity of the program. The 1932 strict adherence to Latterday Saint

i n t e r-divisional championship ideals as applied to athletics.

spoke an ancient Rotournament brought out teams The winning of basketballTHUSman philosopher to his from five states, two more than championships seems to have befriend i many years ago. ever took part in the big court come somewhat of a convention in

This may not be the exact quotafinale before. At its present rate of Lincoln ward. Before this ecclesition but it conveys the spirit of his expansion, this great and colorful astical division of the Church was

most helpful reflection. event will be of national importmore than a year old it won the

It applies to many a hardwork- ance before some of its present allChurch laurels. That was in

ing but illstarred athlete of today sponsors have been called out by 1930. The Railsplitters, tutored

Vivian Jensen of theand it also has its application in the the great Referee—and then, the by Coach

I. A. presidency of Linnew scheme of physical activity international M Men basketball Y. M. M.

wherein specialized athletic comassociation! coln ward, emerged triumphant in

petition is subjugated to mass parIt will do more than just sucthe Salt Lake divisional as the ticipation. ceed because it deserves success. interdivisional champions and a

In harmony with this developThere is something luring in this new tradition was on the way to ment, the Mutual Improvement meeting of basketball teams from development.

Association annually projects its several regions. It is the one In 1931 Lincoln ward repeated

athletic contest in which a deep as Granite stake champion and wonM Men basketball program, the most expansive schedule of court fraternal feeling prevails. Its parthe Salt Lake regional championgames known to the sport. Season ticipants all subscribe to the same ship. As a representative of this

upon season this organization lofty ideals. They are vivified by section, Lincoln again went into

reaches out into new territory. the tradition of clean living. the finals of the tournament at

From an interward series of games Ogden but lost out to the fighting it has grown to interstake, and on TT is incidental that the Lincoln Ogden Fourth ward five. There

to interdivisional, and its limitaward of Granite stake was estabwas some solace to this reversal in tion is not yet. lished as the championship team in that the Lincoln Vanguards won

The sand in the yearglass of M the greatest basketball league in the unofficial championship of the

Men basketball has dwindled to the the world. The Railsplitters won Church in their class following an

last grain once more, leaving its because they had the talent within interstake tournament.

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 485

TX/'ITH four of their 1931 regThird, 47 to 28, while Ogden The order of finish in the tourulars back on the team. Seventeenth managed to eke out a nament:Coach Jensen's basketeers came onepoint victory over the Adams Lincoln—First.back undaunted in 1932, again ward of Los Angeles, 32 to 31. Ogden Seventeenth—Second.winning in Granite stake, the Salt Other results: Adams of Los Angeles—Third.Lake division and right on through Alpine 33, Metropolis 23. Pocatello Third—Fourth.the allChurch finals in the Weber Provo Fifth 25, Logan Seventh Provo Fifth—Consolation.

gymnasium. Summarily, this ward 21.

boasts three stake, three divisional Poplar Grove 53; Sanford, pURSUANT to custom, officials

and two allChurch basketball Colorado 15. of the tournament selected an

championships in as many years of Spurred by memories of a verhonor team on which four memplay in addition to what in reality itable collapse in the final game of bers of the championship aggregaamounts to a title in the Vanguard the 1931 tournament, the Railtion were placed. Matsen and

division. splitters went into the titular conHerzog were selected as forwards,

It is perhaps opportune to report flict with Ogden Seventeenth keyed Fitts as center and Garff as one here that the Railsplitters have to a fine pitch. With the tall John guard with Paulos of Adams ward,

sent five missionaries into the field Matsen, the speedy Howard HerLos Angeles, as the other guard.

from their team since 1930. zog and the energetic Jack Fitts, It was the third season straight for

The tournament at Ogden was scoring from all over the court and Fitts and Garff as allChurch honor another splendid achievement on the dependable Wayne Garff and players. The second team was

the part of Director Homer C. Jesse Fisher guarding in faultless composed of Tiano of Poplar

Warner and his staff of assistants. manner, the champions pf two Grove; Roberts of Los Angeles;

Attendance records were established years before ran up 55 points to M. James, Ogden Seventeenth and

and the calibre of competition set 26 for Ogden. Lincoln assumed Fisher of Lincoln and Jacobsen of

a new high standard. an early lead and was never headed Ogden Seventeenth.

its in drive determined on the highbasketball highgeared Twelve President Albert George Smith est their great honors organization drive the annualmachines to the of spoke I. A. the Y. M. M.

offer. to had laurels.for Champions M Menopened after gathering the championship

of results summary The qualified,of the six districts for the finale, their the for praising Men M final round: entries"fringe"Colorado, from fine told of sportsmanship. He Lincoln Seventeenth 55, Ogden theCalifornia and and Nevada association, asthe of the growth

runnersup in Salt Lake and Og26. serting that more than 10,000

of Adams field theden. complete the To playing were under Los Angeles 36, Pocaboys the same

tello 26. Third place of thesecond winners Provo code, thereby playing comprising

and Logan sections competed for Provo Fifth 26, Poplar Grove 24. what is generally accredited to be

the privilege of playing in the Provo Fifth (second game) 27, the largest basketball league of its titular meet. This honor was Alpine 25. kind in the world. Elder Smith

achieved by the Alpine ward of assisted Director Homer C. Warner

stake.Alpine

In the initial round of play When June Comes Back inMembersthe presentationof the Lincolnof thewardawards.team

Lincoln defeated Provo Fifth ward, By Helen K. Or gill were presented with gold basket56 to 29; Poplar Grove of Salt TT/rHJV June comes back again, and all balls. The second place team

Lake won from Logan Seventh, "'the earth with gladness fills. members were given silver basket28 to 20; Alpine of Provo district I know a place where I would go among balls. The Deseret News trophies

the nesting hills.defeated to Eleventh 30 Ogden 26 presented then were by James M. Ah, Junes have many come and gone since vicSeventeenthand was Ogden assistant general Kirkham, manager last I dell; this saw

St. thetorious of George over

it is scene district of the various childhood from News. that hours The A

Southern region, 35 to 31. Out I remember well. champions were given 10inch

trail state entriesof the winds given were "byes"road, The from canyon basketball plaques the and chamalluring turn, turn byto save expenses. extra day's an presented squad was with hidden Almost Tho'and then by pionship now second round was someThe elaborate plaque. a larger and more flower glimmering fern. and

all the clubs prolonged, withwhat in shade, deep There the we find it from committee was The tournamenttaking of summary noisy part. The world withdrawn,

effihigh praise for the kissed sun shadows The dancing o'er a accordedresults Fifth 29, showed: Provo

cient it in which manner handled velvet lawn downySt. George 27; Lincoln 51, Methere It greatestthe meet. over the And some foxgloves of the wastropolis, 2 1; Poplar Grove Nevada deepest, rarest hue, basketball season since early inthe

Angeles of Los30, (Adams ward Their only rival heaven in the purity of ception of the movement and the blue. Seventeenth31; 68, SanOgden

I. A.ford, Colorado 7; Pocatello Third Below the creek goes dancing all its youthpart played by the Ogden M.

directors life basketball enthusiasts and away; Seventh, Alpine37; 29; Logan 35, Whileful swinging in the oak, a birdling its just recognition. was given

32. EleventhOgden From this its sings blithest lay.

turn of affairs came Lincoln of Salt Footfree and happy would I gladly hie "Eight Out Of Eight ThouLake and Ogden Seventeenth as me to this spot sand"they called the Lincoln Railtitle favorites. And seek the languid glamour which is splitters when they won the

youthtime's lot; envied the championship in 1930. On

I'd fleeting clutch at moments sheened with basis of the growthDOTH of these strong fives won Men of the M golden web of dreams the third day and became finalAnd breathe again the balmy air where basketball program, Lincoln ward's ists. Lincoln continued its steamnature smiles and beams. fine team was "Ten In Ten Thouroller tactics and trounced Pocatello sand"in 1932.

They shallim and not beWeary

Basketball is one of the most strenuous of all games. Especially does it demand of those

who play it a respiratory system that is in first class working order. The racing back and forth

over the floor during forty minutes taxes lungs and muscles and nerves to the breaking point.

These teams—all with probably one exception in the case of one man on the team of theUnion Jacks, of Canada—are members of the Church and believers in and observers of the

Word of Wisdom.

Brigham Young University Basketball Team Champions—Western Division, Rocky Mountain Conference.

A FTER passing through one of the most strenuous seasons in the history of the hoop sport,

Brigham Young University emerged champions of the Western Division of the Rocky Mountain Faculty Athletic Conference. The

University of Utah tied with Brigham Young but lost by a narrow

Brigham Young Cougar Basketball Team margin in the playoff which occurred in the South Junior High

Mormon Boys Defeat Champions SchoolBrighamgymaniusm.Young Cougars failed

of Canada to win the championship of the conference when they lost two out

By Helen Kimball Orgill of three games in Laramie to the

University of Wyoming in the Muse not that I thus suddenly proceed, Dominion, and today ranks as a championship series.

For what 1 will, I will and—Shakespeare.there's an end. majortry. Naturallysport throughoutthe indoorthepastimecoun-

a prairie town, very similar has found difficulty in making headway against the competitionINto hundreds of others scattered afforded by ice hocky; yet in spite

throughout the West, a basketof this, the teams competing in the ball game was played last New national finals generally display a

Year's night. One team was made class of ballhandling comparable

up of local boys, usually spoken of to that witnessed in the United in Canadian press dispatches as the States.

famous Union Jacks of Raymond, The system adopted by the

Alberta. Their opponents were Canadian Basketball Association in

the University of British Columbia selecting a national champion has team of Vancouver, champions of been remarkably successful. From

Canada. The local boys proved the champions of each province,

to be the winners of this exhibition Eastern and Western, victors are game. The event was just one of decided and a twogame series bethe many dramatic high lights in tween these squads is recognized as

the life of the Raymond team, one the Canadian Champions. The Union Jacks

of its achievements being the holdThe official records of the Union Standing: Rolfson, Fairbanks, Nilsing of the Dominion of Canada Jacks of Raymond date back to son, O'Brien, Kirkham.

Championship title for 1923. 1920, when D. M. Powelson beCenter: Kenney, Powelson, Mgr.,

Since the inauguration of Cancame manager. He has continued Hicken.Front: Snow.

adian basketball playoffs, the in that capacity until the present Inset: "Bicks Trophy"for Alberta

game has developed rapidly in the (Continued on page 488) Senior Annual Competition.

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 487

Front row: Mauritz, Stanley, Roy, Victor. Intermountain Junior College Champs, 1932

Rear row: Mgr. Eugene Bell, Melvin, Paul, Clifford.

Marlowe Brothers Ricks College

the Intermounbest proof that can be offered that observRICKS COLLEGE dominatedTHEance of the Word of Wisdom does bring phystain Junior College Conference in a masterly ical, mental, and spiritual health is some fashion during the 1932 season. Coach Clyde

living examples. And no better example can be Packer produced a team that admirably represented

found than in the lives of the Marlowe brothers from his style of play, namely, a fast breaking, aggressive,

Kent, Washington.

Many years ago the mother of these boys joined short passing, sharp shooting aggregation. TJhe

the Latterday Saint Church. And as her children Ricks five showed a world of action for the full 40

reached the age of eight years she had them baptized minutes of play in every game.

and began to teach them the principles of the gospel, Ricks played 1 8 Interscholastic games, and won 1 including the of Wisdom. Word Now she is beginof them. The team scored an average of 49 points

fruit. effortsning to see her bear

This past year her seven sons entered themselves per game. In a series of 8 games played with the two

as a basketball team to represent the Latterday Saint Idaho Junior Colleges, Southern Branch of Pocatello,

Church from Renton in the Seattle Church Basketball and State Normal at Albion, Ricks took seven

League. And they gave a good account of themselves. handily, winning the Idaho Championship for the

They were beaten only twice; once by the Latterday 1 1 th time under Coach Packer's direction. These

SeattleSaint team (which, from by the way, is now victories with a win over Weber enabled Ricks to go inplaying finals) the league again last in the and game before the starting of the league finals. But to the finals in the Intermountain tournament, for

whether they won or lost they always played hard, the sixth time in eight years. Dixie College of St.

clean basketball and by so doing they won the respect George, Utah, represented the southern division in and admiration of every other team in the league. the final playoff. Dixie won the first game 45 to 40.

Both as a team and as individuals they bear a reputation of being clean players and good sports. Ricks took the next two 47 to 56 and 41 to 52. The

Victor, the oldest, is married and living in Seattle; games were characterized by Al Warden of the Ogden

Clifford is a dentist in Portland; Roy, Mauritz, and Standard, as the fastest, cleanest, smartest, brace of

Paul are studying at the University of Washington; games played in the history of the Junior College

and Melvin and Stanley are still in high school. League.

Paul is the real athlete of the family. For three

years he was allconference fullback on the Kent Mr. Warden presented a watch to Conley Watts,

high school football team and was a star in basketRicks scoring Ace, voted the most valuable man to his ball and baseball. He is a member of the football team in the tournament.

team of the University of Washington, and a member of the pitching staff of the U. of Washington baseball All Star Selection

team. With Paul pitching and Roy catching a team

has one of the finest baseball batteries that can be Position Name School found in amateur baseball. R-Forward Blackburn Ricks

regularly of the All attend church boys and take an L-Forward Atkins Dixie all activities.active in part of brothers group A finer

would be hard to find. They are physically, mentally Center Watts Ricks

and spiritually well balanced. Truly, observance R-Guard Cox Dixie

of the Word of Wisdom pays big dividends. A. J. M. L-Guard Adams Ricks

488 The Improvement Era for June, 1932

Mormon Boys Defeat Champions of CanadaContinuedpage from48 6 time. Prior to that date they won maintained a high moral standing, mos, Raymond Union Jacks, and

the championship of the Province abstaining from the use of tobacco the University of Alberta.

of Alberta twice. and liquors, which has been a conAt the beginning of the present

The original team included tributing factor in their achieveseason the team had won 168

James H. Walker, Devoe Woolf ments and successes. It might be games and lost 30.

(now of Salt Lake City), Wilford added that with one or two exBesides competing in Canadian

Meldrum, Cliff Nalder (who has ceptions they have either been born games, they have fared exceptionbeen playing 17 years), Harry in Utah or are of Utah parentage. ally well in games with leading

Fairbanks, Neil Fisher, Leonard Every year since its organization teams in the North Western States

Webster, and Earl Stephens. They the team has finished near the top from Minneapolis to Portland.

were picked from the first and in provincial finals. They were They have played as far south as

second wards of Raymond, and to Senior Champions for the years Austin, Iowa, and in the following date the members of teams (with 1924, 1926, 1927, 1928 and states: Wisconsin, Minnesota,

one exception), have been Mormon 1931. North and South Dakota, Monboys. This young man is married tana, Washington and Oregon.

to a Mormon girl and attends the The teams who are eligible to General comments from press south play in the finals for Alberta are of the Canadian line have reflectedM Men classes; all of the othersare members. the Lethbridge Aces, Calgary the highclass standing and skill of

The Union Jacks have always Moose Domes, Edmonton Eskithe Raymond boys.

-*l&tfjOlf -<*

Continued from$[Is Utah to become as Dry as the Sahara Desert? page 467

by any means, have caused me more perSnake river country, scorching the grass, chance creatures who had lagged behind plexity and given me more uneasiness than drying up the water holes and lesser their stronger brothers.

I ever experienced before from want of streams until all living creatures save The tree tells us that moisture spends money. In addition to these disappointlizards, snakes land horn toads sought the itself in cycles. A!very wet year, 310

ments which I have met with from those haven of high forest covered mountains, A. D., gave the seedling a chance to break

who are indebted to me, I have in my and the Fifield tree 1,470 years old, through the desert soil; another very fahand a number of indents and other securspread its greygreen arms to shelter vorable year followed by 20 years of more

ities, which I have received from time to than average moisture, made the little time as the interest of some Continental juniper independent of the very dry years loan office certificates, which are in my that followed. The downward trend conpossession.""To Your Mother"tinuedmoistureuntilcurve410 startingA'D-> thenupward.we find Drythe

TN a later letter, August 1 7, 1 799, By Miriam J. Warnick decadesthe curveandwaswetsteadilydecades upwardthere were,for 300but

says he again for years until 200 years—-down beauty. gave youth and me Jl/TOTHER find in to D., driest we the 920 A. 930 J-V-*- flowers of wispicked excessive joy so and has She been drought "The this part period the of has world known,

I oats estate this have that made no domon as recorded the lifelong by of growth

I if it longer, garden, her a continues days few Fromand tree. this

little I in placed cut or corn. them hands.shall have And no make my the time Lief Ericsen discovered "By

I this at time, took grass; them meadows, andno my in America, D., the curve 1000 A. upchildish innocence conseof as the bare as pavements;are With established it again ward was cease did nor

question, expected. did crop be second not canquence no And the trend until upward nearly 1530, 40

I to expect, give. (had will to She me, things always compel moreThese years after his Columbus discovery made

all it the that time her feed hay."the Yetreduce was on mouths own my of America, recording the highest then

giving. of she period the same That was which "During moisture peak, indicating greatest the pre-

'Fifield beauty writes, Juniper Her the youth andWashington cipitation in years. 1200

fieldstree,'lava to black the taken Giving me. them from

old, years than more "Now, the 1200 a Fifield miles spot sunshine Basin, to 12 Her joyfreedom.adjacent and tree a continued gradually diminishing

Falls, see, could of Idaho of complainssouthwest not Innocently—-blindly—I ring for growth to years than more 250

is as here flower in weatherthe what That bloomed dry same now my the tragic of day which Washington fact, to the faded. history according Hers InIdaho. speaks. * * * * its life, its compiled autobiography byof

fell rain in increasing 1830 "From regret hydraulic eminent Steward, G.Mr. "Mother, do you W. quantities, reaching the highest since point

in existed.these drier things, season hasengineer, given have no you That me in to begin only once 1870, 1530 more

century. since the in Idaho Tenthsouthern mirror the When inevitable descent. the have There been

is a life reflected? obtained Steward story "In 1928, Mr. Your years years, of dry wet and bands wide

tree to asection of about be was to which long make you Do bands, and narrow growth between 1870 fire the intoconverted with and wood, girlhood Your Memories—Realities? the but of curve and moisture 1928, has

a repantograph relive microscope heaid of and them, you do Or steadily until been that day downward its thrill, enlarged feel diagram a youthful showing with anproduced me? And in cutter, the 1928, needing when wood

year, as the years by, back year through gogrowth Mother, by fire, fuel selected for his the patriarch of care still great theages. give. to he counted have more With You desert the gave to and an unquesman

isrings, ring for each one kind. them, of heart 1,618 and young Your tionable record of cycles the of moisture

the toyear D., back of A. growth, charming. 310 manner Your in southern Idaho."

tree. this remarkable ofbirthday

"During the period of which WashingHow do you keep them so?"ton writes, 1730 to 1800, the diagram nHE accompanying diagram

Fifield almostof the tree shows no will all untangle. the mystery space Perhaps gives the picture of the relative

perished the lines. crops Whilebetween calls me—"Mother."When she the tree referred of to in growth hot, Virginia, the witheringin winds

blew across the black lava fields of the the above article. It gives the size

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 489

of the annual rings of the great spell which will drive agriculture ant rainfall for a century or two?

Fifield Basin tree by ten year pefrom this region? Will there be To answer these questions is difiiriods. The higher points of the many years of wetness which will cult. A study of the diagram

curve represent the wettest periods make this country a land of abundmakes one wonder.

and the lowest points the driest periods between the years 310 A. -KkfQJjigVSl*

D. to 1928 A. D. 1 2. 3 f c 7 y

Mr. Steward states that the

weather reports of the last 60 years i Ispif'H '* a at Boise, Idaho, correspond very closely with the last 60 years of 12 13 m- IS this particular curve.

In early days, according to the n n // fl statements of the pioneers, the 2 '22 severe 20winters more were much H are now.than they The snows

were so deep that fences were com13 *f iS M21, pletely covered, and the drivers of the sleighs could go in any direc27 Wa 21 30 tion across the country without '32meeting fence obstructions. The B 3

toclimate considerably seems be the are not 33 3v 353k, >; snows anddrier now

as of the heavy. An examination 'to *t 3"?5diagram from 1850 to 1890

1900 does show a distinct rise in z tJ 4V 6 the curve, indicating wetter years drought and extreme wet; the variHi 7 4? f

There have been periods of extreme drought and extreme wet, the vari- B|6B| 'ri 52 ations, however, have been more or less irregular over the period of S3 r* IpSyears. One would think by the

curve that we are in a dry period si now. What the future few years

will show, it is difficult to determine from the diagram. It may Down Across

be that we are starting on a down- 1. NephiteOne of people.the divisions of theward period like that of the years ASoonNephite; in a littleprophet.while.

mentioned Name in the Bible, 9. Wiser. also thearound the 8th 19th and

Job, IX. 10. wife of The Abraham.centuries, this first western that The king9. and of the Jaredites. 12. club. woman's A Part of be.""to

14. will of enSportscountry kind. a desert any become child's game. A

16. city western of the Ne- A; ages. Epocns again. oncevironment Perhaps, phites. active in relieving One bodilytoo, we are in the midst of a rise suffering. 18. The city or country over which

like the period indicated in the 11.9. MemberOne of theof thesons Hamiticof the Nephiterace. 20. MelchizedekSew together.reigned.

king, Benjamin. Israelite 21. of the tribe noted thediagram years around 1400 A

12. blot blotch. or of Joseph. AA. D. 13. of sword. kind A 22. Rage.

15. in of days a week. Number Salt. 23.

16. divine Certainty of grace or of 25. of brother Ammon. A salvation. interesting to conbe wouldTT 26. verses. Makes 17. of Noah. son Second

27. of The this Abraham. kind. home studies of tinue Ex19. angel, a prophet, or a An

note. 28. set down To minister. different parts ofperts from the 24. automobile. 30. or; cruel persons. wicked Very An

United States could secure cross 26. The Jaredite name for the Hill 31. Destinies.

Cumorah. 32. eldest son of Lehi and The trees,sections old study pf led people the 28. were of Race who Sariah.

of from the God power by size the annual of andnumber 33. of Nephite prophet son and A this to of Babel the Tower Omni. continent.rings, their findings and compare

36. son of God. A of God's 29. commandNumber others. the the findings ofwith article. Indefinite 37. ments.

tribe Israelite of 38. of the time. 30. no At An careful of study numerousBy Manasseh. 39. school of whales. A

;cases, supporter. created picture a wellwisher be of 31. might A tatter. 41. shred or A Micah. of sons 34. of the One earth. 42. of lump a picture past, A thethe climate of Gilgah, of father Jacom, 35. The Levi. 43. succeeded king who A Orihah. and Mahah filled great be withwhich would 45. horrible. Fearful of Nethe sons of 37. the One

;; timid. 46.interest. II. Weird; uncanny Mosiah king, phite

The discussion in this article 40.39. NewThe Supreme; recent. Being. 48. etc.One who consecrates a temple,

observances. proper illustration 41. or in the the Solemn diagramand vessel. sailing 50. twomasted A

coins. 44. Babylonian interestare soto the of of 52. farmer the naturalized in any One

; dazzles. 45. Stuns ciety.west. 47. wetness the Unbleached. dryand Upon

53. again. tear To 49. quote, as a book. from Toness sucseason the the of depends 55. Considers. 51. pronoun. Possessive

cess or failure of his crop produc54. Pages; abbreviated. 56. Pauses; indecisions.

tion. Is this area headed for a dry—Alvin Ashby, Woods Cross, Utah.

CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE A Reprehensible Practice By EDWARD P. KIMBALL

HPHE Latterday Saints have always morrow. These fads are kept going most assiduously) blatantly furnish us

rendered that which they have by professional entertainers and dealers with food for contemplation on the offered to God in the very best kind in popular music for the same reason Lord's day. We do not seem to be

possible. In the days when tithing that the makers and sellers of clothes able to cope with commercial enterwas paid by the people from their must keep the market imoving by tainment herein.

offeringflocks continually something crops they new. and to taught were one thing But can and do must we

is the agive to great being imiAs the human tenth the His Lord from can this keep type of singing—we tator, these fads best all thevery sweep country that of was harvested or out of our worship! only needs One

is every there time a onegrown. turned In worship they new given have listen to to children's the over hour loose.their untrained best thoughtless to and The Him. has Music been no air the to realize insidiously and how

it a find novelty presto! and,exception. leaders becomes the of The Church is thoroughly crooning entering the

thing.""the thefrom to the Joseph Prophet Smith singing children. of our even we Andpresent insisted have that Saints the into crept our popular has There it in hear It organizations. our must

best, thebe taught they and prohave last a fad the years during few music be kept out of worship. our How?

itvided the for to means be into put called socalled singing, "crooning."of those responsible for the By programs.

action in the congregations of worship. is it every a standpoint most From the take must relentless They same

talent at and ofMen have women art. It reprehensible prostitution of this in attitude as they in keepwould

various times the in accepted gospel tradition ideal violates of every and service of ing out our deother any the missions and, to Zion, coming have its real singing, appeal makes and influence. moralizing choristers Ward theirgiven experience talent freely and toooften sensual of because purely and choristers the organizations and of

to the people, so there that in the was fresex, so accentuation vulgar of the the standards of uphold must isolatedmost a communities remarkin flagrantly contained quently and is this in regard. Church There no

fineably conception use and of music the day. of songs the popular man A in for Latterday Saint room worship

in worship. our to respectable say would any who is truth, anything but crooning and

Surely in the days of greater opporwoman some of the things that are not truth; it is hideous error, as far

tunity and progress we should continue sung about by crooners, and say them as virtue and art are concerned. Its

to hold our standards high in this with the inference that characterizes birth was not of the mind or the spirit, regard. But it is very difficult in these this vulgar kind of singing, would no but of the flesh.

times of rapid transportation and radio doubt get his face slapped, and justly.

to keep out of our practices and obAnd yet we have to dance to these Let our solos and our choruses be servances the everyday tendencies so sentiments, and, for fear we may lose sung in true musical style, in the way prevalent in popular music. Music some of the thoughts while we dance, that great musicians and singers have

music. us offer to Let the suggestive to made fads God ourgoes crooned through words are and fashions—that

content songs rendition which in and in does. musicis, popular a more suggestive way. What was the us They

rage a few years ago is never heard are showered over our firesides from are in harmony with truth. Let us

today, and that which seems so smart the air at any and all hours of the give our best both in kind and manner and appealing today will be passe today and the night, and even (and—let us sing, not croon.

Be Loyal to Your Ward Organizations

HpHERE is a commendable growing portant unit in our system, and leadto keep this in mind. The first obliinterest in music activities among ers of singing groups would do well gation of a Latterday Saint in his

young Latterday Saints, especially in activity is to his ward, except where choral music, resulting in the organihe has some other calling from the zation of numerous singing groups. Homesick proper authority. Regular ward orIn some instances these organizations By Bess Foster Smith ganizations should be built up first,

entirely activity and from no music should of members be urged upare made they our did not like our dry and barren on people conflict that will frequently while with ward,one emyOUhills, brace a wider area in membership. ReYou longed for bungalows in city ward duties.

cently one of these groups was heard blocks, Music The Church comCommittee close ofin a service, and at the the You did interest not care for changing shades and mends in themselves all who all urged young the conductormeeting hues people in the ward to become members Of distant hills or jagged cliffs of rocks. music and who are willing to give

of the chorus, which had no connection You were so homesick, almost in despair, their time to training the young in with any ward or organization, but Because the things you longed for were music. But it urges that all such rewas made up of singers from everynot there. frain from activity which will draw

of members their the Church from independently. togetherwhere, brought felt that city, too, in the I have but way responsibilities. ward general orNo hiils. I longed for wider, the broader

interest the try to ganization Leaders should be built the who up at view.

young in choral music should be com- I could not find among the passing people, expense of ward organizations. Let

mended. But sometimes membership The single face of any friend I knew. our singers join as many choirs as they

in such a chorus might not be the best I was so homesick almost in despair, wish, but let them be loyal first of all thing for the individual on account of Because I longed for things that were not to their own ward choir. Such a

taking him from his ward activity. there. course will build the ward up as it

The ward is the first and most imis intended in our plan.

rriesthood HPHE material here presented is a I. Preceded by Repentance. (D. Third Week

continuation of that printed last 8C. Sec. 20:37.) Subject: Baptism.

Repentance should be manmonth. II. How Topic: Proper Mode of Baptism. ifested.

Second Month III. Applicant should desire Baptism. Study the relationship to the proper

Baptism is one of the "First Prinmode of baptism of the following

For details relating to plan of prociples and Ordinances of the Gospel."texts.

cedure and order of business for this As an established rite of the Church it Matt. 3:5, 6, 13, 16; John 3:3-5;

meeting, please refer to Lesson I, is classified clearly as an ordinance. Acts 8:3639; 22:16; Col. 2:12;First Month—-"In The Realm of Though in strict analysis it may not be Mosiah 18:1216; 26:15; Alma 4:4;

Quorum Activity,"April number of considered a principle in the sense that D. 8. C. 20:7374; 76:51; Moses

the Improvement Era. Second Series. Faith, and Repentance, and Love, etc., 6:64, 65.

it inprinciples; yet becomes such, First Week are diQuestions established as it is law asmuch by

Subject: Baptism. vine power. It is merely as an ordi- 1. Explain how the symbol of

Topic: Purpose and Sublimity of nance, however, that it is generally baptism is destroyed in the form of

Baptism. considered. sprinkling.

of "in Jesus baptized was John in this obvious, and, Even more we is per- 2. the symbol Show how fulfil all to righteousness; butorder say, superficial aspect, baptism the may fected in immersion. rejected thePharisees lawyers and principles connotes always fundamental

is significance of 3. real the What themselves, against of becounsel God spiritual these growth. of of Three

ing not baptized of him."are Sincerity, Simplicity, and Purity: burial when applied to baptism?

said, Jesus "Except To Nicodemus of a noble "the mother water be born of anda man simplicity of the—Sincerity,family of virtues;"and Fourth Week

Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingpurity, "the with which two wings Subject: Baptism. God."dom of all the earth above and man soars

To the members of the Church in temporary nature."Topic: The Ceremony,

general Paul wrote: Practical Suggestions relating thereare all ye "For the children of God The Virtue Test to. Jesus. faith in Christby Memorize the prayer offered.

"For as many of you as have been These three virtues everyone should Clothing.

baptized into Christ have put'on possess who desires to have adminis- 1. Appropriate dress of applicant.

27. 3:26, rite. tered this Sinsacred unto himChrist."—Galatians officiating dress 2. the of Proper

this referring to Peter wrote: And cerely his should before he go Maker, includes garments. Elder

like figure even whereunto "The contrite heart penitent with and and 3. in water. position of both Proper

also save doth usbaptism (not now his errors, acknowledge weaknesses and 4. ceremonies to be Unnecessary

filththe the putting of the of away life. desire manifest to live a and a new avoided.

flesh, a the of conbut answer good selfish serve. should ends to have no He

science of Caution tion of Jesus towardChrist."—IGod) by Peterthe resurrec-3:21. Heinto shouldthe foldsincerelyof God,""desireto be numberedto come A Word

In these three instances we have set with His people, and "to bear others'It is well for the elders of the forth clearly the threefold purpose burdens that they may be light."Only Church to hold to the simplicity of

of the ordinance of baptism, viz: in this manner can the eternal printhis Gospel ordinance. Avoid asso-

1. A rite established by God himciple of true repentance be made maniciating with it any ceremonies that

self, and associated with the eternal fest. will in the least degree rob it of this

principle of righteousness, compliance Purity lies in the affection. It is virtue. Already there are some who

with the law, therefore being essential "united with and enjoys God.". It's think a prayer, "dedicating the water,"

to salvation. man's part of the ceremony; is an essential in shall heart that the pure see God.

2. service a preparatory An who think heart, a others, impure baptized though initiatory ordinance—< the No

gateway leading to membership in the hundred times, can approach Him. must be held; and still others who

fold of insist applicant leading into each upon is intent. Simplicity in the manifest 3. beautiful sublime "leading"and out then the water, symbol him and AChrist.

it the soul to obedience, Prompting thetypifying burial the of a useless old again, time waste evidently of man it all drives desire for ostentation, from all hiswith weaknesses impurities, particularly energy, and and when many publicity, personal earthly honor, or the forth into aand coming present. are applicants newness

is the intent In emoluments. worthy life.of details are nonessentials, All such manifest the desire only simple to

to neither from the nor taking adding one of God's comply with commandQuestions is efficacy ordinance. of the There Star,"ments. ("Millennial 1923, p.

1. Explain the close relationship of 328.) danger lurking, however, in the possithe ordinance of baptism to the prinbility of these added ceremonies beprin- to the so firmly attached comingciple. Questions

itself in ciple they not time that may reasons 2. Give for two or more

it. instrucProper separated from Repentance? Memorize be isbelieving that essential baptism to 1. What is

salvation. II Cor. 7:9, 10. See also Eph. 4:25tion to the applicant should always

3. Memorize Romans 6:3-6. 32. precede baptism, and the importance

2. How is true repentance maniof the obligations he is about to assume

of course impressed be and upon him; Second Week fested?

fitting prayer is appropriate and on all 3. Explain how sincerity, simplicSubject: Baptism. ity, purity, are associated with bapsacred occasions. ("Millennial Star,"

Topic: To Whom Administered. tism. 1923, page 329.)

<isLtaronic rriesthood Lesser Priesthood Assumes Responsibility for Ward TeachingPresident Joseph E. Cardon asthe WardteachersOfficers'to makemonth.a specialWe askedeffort inmembersgeneralofthroughoutthe Lesser thePriesthoodStake. quoThe

of Cache Stake Reports Sucto get 100% of the Ward Officers rums were very much pleased to be cess at General Convention duringout to Sacramentthe month.meeting each Sunday givencallingtheas opportunitythe Lord commands.to labor in theirThe

of Aaronic Priesthood "For March the Ward Teachers Stake Presidency feel that this is the made a special effort to get inactive most outstanding accomplishment in '""PHAT members of the Aaronic members to attend Sacrament meetings the 12 years of their administration

Priesthood measure up to their and increased the attendance over the because of the results obtained in the responsibilities in a surprising manner same month for 1931 from 20% to various activities of the members withis indithe opportunity, givenwhen increase of an, being We in the wards."45 % 29 % the report in of the experiences cated during. that be also done teaching urge

convention Stake. in Cache At the first month. the of each week To asWhat the Annual Report in conheld Priesthood the Aaronicof to sist ask each Bishop in this, we

nection with the General Conference select each month a number of Deacons Shows of the Church on Friday, April 8, to act as messengers for the Supertold books that are "out of the requested byPresident was Cardon first the the visor. end of the At

time shall judged."be sucweek TI7E* * ye The tell of the to BishopricPresiding of teachpair call each on these boys

cess of the movement in that stake. ers to collect the written report of ward of judgment for those responsible for

The report given is as follows: teaching. If the teaching is not comAaronic Priesthood is when the an-

"In the Cache Stake the monthly pleted the teacher is asked to indicate nual reports have been compiled and visits of the acting teachers are being in writing just when the report is to the comparisons made between the

It is full shows of 1931 first is ing the Teachers done during week. ordainedPriesthood—themade almost entirely by the Lesser be called for. Practically all teachstakes of the Church. The report for as in every progress Priests. a used always have department—notinterest.and We a the adof are "Following few substandesired, but as be could much Priests, but Teachers of andnumber this vantages of method: growth. tial encouraging and rested the responsibility upon mem- "First: Lesser Priesthood quoThe as are items the important of Some Priesthood. the Melchizedekbers of are strengthened reason rums by of follows: did the these conditions boysUnder this responsibility. added at attendance quorum average The responsibility sense the whichnot

in 1931 observed "Second: increased have Those meetings who from 25% to them.rightly belongs Now that

this the means their during work, boys in In numbers to 26%. it they measure up the assumedthey have

last feel better young that three months, more no 700 approximately thatalmost perfectly—far beyond our exPriesthood at actual training be given the than can in attendance were menpectations.

at five this period of teaching during Attendance week. each meeting

1 the Aaronic "Since January the years, practically greater preparation be a can nor showed School Sunday in the Stake CommitteePriesthood to the of the for teaching Gospel The to made 27%. same 26% this gain—from for responsible work.has been

all the assignments time the proper filling world when those percentage of to look Stake Presidency themThe arrives the to for misboys is go upon 1 5 to rose which 44 from % % the supervise organizeto work and sions. percentage of than The more 11%. the cooperawards, the withwithin "Third: quality teaching of obThe Priesthood the of Aaronic members the have Bishops. thetion of They

is greatly improved. teachpresent increased Our the of serving Wisdom Word that every seeingresponsibility of

ers talk the gospel, about acpossible church to The from 51%. 45% is Priest Teacher assignedworthy and

tivities responsibilities the and of classes in of and memquorums number asto teacher. labor acting an a In

bers, tonot and foreign matters about is actual the num73 and 3,3 Church are of therenumber boys Wards teaching. is ward a number. record ber This 2,569. all to thisenough in work, do and

there that however, shows, report The "Fourth: are laboring boys unThe is thisthe others objective the just

and possible quorums are still der* 804 not become and do boy specialists asas soon possible. Where members

is organized. Here to be yet discouraged as formerly. superclasses These theof are Melchizedek Priesthood

called to assist, they labor under the visors are chosen because of their work for stake and ward supervisors.

direction of the Aaronic Priesthood adaptability to boy nature and because Why not make it an immediate objective? the testimony of abiding an have is theyorganization. jAt present,75 %

desire to be gospel every and member The report shows that not alldone Priests by the ordained and

Teachers. The supervisor in each impressed with the duties and responwards have yet introduced the plan of

ward is the one who is responsible for sibilities of saints. Under their direcsupervisors for the quorums. Five

this work. In nearly every case where tion, the leaflets, the letters of instruchundred two wards, exactly 50% of

our older brethren are called in to astion and the program for the teachthe wards and branches now have susist, they are assigned to labor toers'meetings are all prepared especially pervisors. Not all wards, of course

gether. We have found where boys for the boys adapted to their capaare large enough to make the appointare together they assume and carry out city to understand and carry out. ment of supervisors necessary or desirthe responsibility much better. "Fifth: Reports have come to us able so that considerably more than

To assist, we prepare each month a that boys having habits unbecoming half the probable number of wards teachers'leaflet. On the front page bearers of the Priesthood have quit to have supervisors now have them.

a Gospel theme is presented to appeal these habits, feeling that they must Here is (another objective especially to the mind and capacity of the boy. practice what they preach. for Stake Presidencies, Stake Aaronic

"These leaflets are distributed to "No one thing that we have done Priesthood committees and Bishoprics.

each family and we have noted wonhas met with such hearty and unaniAll the stakes in the Church but derful results. April was designated mous approval by the Latterday Saints eight now have regularly organized

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 493

stake Aaronic Priesthood committees Church were San Francisco 92, Alberta and the number of times those reasons as recommended by the Presiding Bish73, Morgan 72, Oneida 71, Parowan were given is shown.

opric. During 1932 undoubtedly this 71, Malad 70, Star Valley 68, Shelly Negligence and indifference were the

figure will reach 100%. Not all stakes 67, Franklin 66, Snowflake 66, Bear causes ascribed in a majority of cases.

have the number of members recomLake 65, North Davis 65, Big Horn Next in order were family conditions, mended for the stake committee, some 64, Deseret 64, Logan 64, South employment and tobacco. It is parstakes having as low as 2 members Davis 63, Maricopa 63, Timpanogos ticularly noticeable that in only three

while others have 10 to 12. Here 63, Hollywood 63, Box Elder 61, wards out of twelve was tobacco given

again is room for improvement, which Cache 61, Summit 61, Palmyra 60. as the reason of inactivity, while every

undoubtedly will be made during the A decidedly gratifying gain was in ward reported some, from one to 13 present year. the observance of the Word of Wisgiving negligence or indifference as the

A decidedly encouraging fact is that dom. Twenty stakes show a record cause. Ninetyfour young men are

20 stakes reached 30% or better in of more than 60%:of the Lesser accounted for in the survey and twentyaverage attendance at quorum meeting Priesthood members obeying this law nine of them were visited during the

during the entire year. In order they of health. These stakes are Marimonth, with what results the report

are Alberta 40, Morgan 39, Bear River copa 77, Alberta 76, Logan 70, Desdoes not reveal.

36, Hollywood 34, Maricopa 34, eret 68, Shelley 68, Hyrum 67, Kolob

Cassia Elder 33, 66, 34, BoxTaylor Ogden Davis Burley 66, North 33, 67, Enlistment and Attendance Juarez 33, Granite 33, ElCottonwood 64, Box 65, Benson 65, Palmyra 33, Cache 32, Oneida 32, Juab 31, der 64, Boise 64, Fremont 64, FrankBlanks Not Now in Use

Liberty 31, 31, Union Davis CacheNorth 63, 63, Juarez lin 63, Oquirrh is the made by NNOUNCEMENT A FranSan 30, Millard 30,30, Logan 60. Jordan East 62, Presiding that Bishopric the Enxcisco 30. is forto reason every look There listment Attendance and used blanks of attendance School Sunday In still greater in to progress 1932. ward in stages the early the correlation of stakes 29 Priesthood membersAaronic leaders the All are aroused over Church are use. in longer work no They were These higher. orreached 30% necessity the efforts to for redoubled first in intended were surfor the use 38, Morgan 48, Panguitch 54,Sharon in the behalf of of young men enlisting the veys inactive for men. young 36, Deseret 38, Maricopa 38,Alberta Church. their the place provided has In been AnLos 36, Hollywood 36,Granite

geles 36, Big Horn 35, Union 35, Individual Record Card, which serves 34, North Liberty Lehi 34, 35,Young Maricopa Stake Makes Valthebut sameis morepurposeefficientas theandoriginalprovidesblanka 34, 34, Taylor Davis SouthDavis 34,

Granite 33, Logan 32, Oneida 32, uable Survey permanent record and followup.

been Presidents Bishops have Stake and 31, Lethbridge 31, Curlew 31,Cache correlation connection with the TN the of samples with provided new Juarez 30, Falls Idaho 31,Portneuf 1 stake a report in Maricopa work card. 30, Teton 30, Pioneer 30,30, Ogden

San Juan 30. covering the visits to inactive young

visits the results has of these and assignments 23 men filling of the In Timpanogos Stake Adopts office to the of compiled been and sent a of recordstakes had 60% of members or better filling some assignment the Presiding Bishopric. Twelve Unique Report

during the year. The leaders of the probable causes of inactivity are listed tACH quorum member keeps his

f:'*';-";':";:.'j own record of meetings attended

and activities engaged in under the plan recently adopted by Timpanogos stake. A large card, 5 l/2 inches wide

and 1414 inches long is supplied to each member holding the Priesthood.

Spaces are provided for every church activity in which the member is expected to engage and for every week for three months. The member is expected to mark his card weekly, keeping accurate record of his church work

and then turn in his card at the first monthly Priesthood union meeting of the following quarter. The card contains complete instructions and is arranged in a simple manner for easy

checking.

Centerville Ward Scores A N annual accomplishment is recorded in the bulletin of the South

Davis Stake for April 1 7. On that

date every young man of Deacon age,

Carthage Jail in Early Days that is between the ages of 12 and 14,

This month marks the 88th anniversary of the martyrdom, June 27, 1844, of was in attendance at his quorum meetjail, Carthage the in Hancock Patriarch Smith the Joseph Smith and Prophet Hyrum in the Centerville ing Second Ward.

(the cooperaIllinois. obtained through picture photo a County, This was from made Centerville First scored Ward

it at the The It jail as the old was the historian Carthage shows Township. of of tion does record not include This 88%. Church. are our by building grounds owned the and time of martyrdom. The now

The building has been remodeled and is used as a combination dweiting and lodging all Deacons in the ward. It is based

house. Missionaries and others frequently stop over night, sleeping in the room in only upon those of the suggested age

which the martyrdom occurred. for members of that quorum.

MUTUAL MESSAGES Executive i)epartmem\

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

General Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

STREET TEMPLE EAST SOUTH FOX, RUTH MAY SMITH, 47 ALBERT GEORGE CANNON, LUCY GRANT RICHARD A. BEESLEY, CLARISSA Offices I. A. R.BALLARD,LYMAN, General Y. L. M. MELVIN'J.

Executive Secretary: 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING General Secretary:

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ELSIE HOGAN

June Conference Welcome Ready A/TEMBERS of the General Super12:15 to 1:45, Superintendents'the General Board of Primary Asso-

* intendency and General Presiand Presidents'Luncheon. ciation.

dency of the M. I. A. and the general 2:00 to 4:00, Sectional Meetings, 2:00 to 4:00, General Session, Taboards are looking forward with pleasdiscussing the theme of the conferbernacle, Under the direction of the

ant anticipation to June Conference. ence, "The opportunity of the hour First Presidency of the Church.

tablet Unveiling bronze 4:15, ofto and Ward Stake toThe welcome

base location and of original enrich leisure—to spiritualize recremarking extended been always ation."that hasficers

General Evening, Sunday it is year this but awaitingis again and meridian. Reception to 11:00, 5:00 Special theme Session, Tabernacle. cordial, more and warmer to becertain at Saltair. Finals Contest Dance Religion."and "Youth outstandthe of a result as possible,if

feature is planned special added achieveding success

Pioneer by the M. I. A. Saturday, June 1 in Aconnection field. with the Utah in theworkers

Association. Trails and Landmarks On Session, General to 10:00, 9:00 to designed been has program The tablet at furn- a bronze 4:15 Sunday iActiHall. Community Assembly ward stake and of needs themeet trails the to the association ished by Songfest. vity and Plans time. The particular this atworkers I. cooperin the of recognition A. M. SesDepartment to pro12:00, 10:00 appealing practical and a forneed Trail the conducting in ation Oregon

sions. young of thousands the attract togram is sale. spot one coin This memorial enforced with to Church Washington the George 2:00, of 1:00people first important and most Utah's of fully been has hands their Tabernacle Program, Bicentennialleisure on been has ceremony landmarks. The the that work expected is it Grounds. andsensed of as to give members timed many answer will conference the foroutlined afternoon, of balance and 2:00 I. opportunity possible as an the A. M.

that purpose. Contest Finals. to attend.

assist in The program, which was printed 7:30, Grand Music Festival, Taber- A special committee to

in practically complete form in the nacle. Admission charge 25c. housing visitors to the conference has

Improvement Era for May, in conbeen appointed, in anticipation of a densed form is as follows: Sunday, June 12 larger attendance than usual due to

the special features programmed. The

materially 10:30, General Session, to promises 8:30 to music festival

also the Hall. as does increase the attendance Friday, June 10 Assembly

10:00 to 12:00, General Session, 11:00 to 12:00, General Session, M Men convention, which will bring

Assembly Hall. Tabernacle, Under the Direction of delegates from all parts of the Church.

Suggestions for the Summer Program

CUMMER time for the M. I. A. is July and August are the months for not yet provided with permanent a time for joyous relaxation, happy patriotic celebrations; for pilgrimages camps will be lured to the mountain

play and association in the outof- to historic places made sacred by piodell or to the lake side.

excurfor mothers; neer fathers and recreation the a for time alsodoors but

is scheduled program planned No to Nature's all descriptions ideals. sions the of only body spiritualof Not

assothe various age groups in the for built spirit fathers be should the up spots;but the months when and beauty

ennobled during the vacation hours. and sons love to come close to each ciation, but the Gleaner Committee is

"Build, young friends, four square. others'hearts around the camp fire desirous that Gleaner groups will meet

Build now and build for eternity, but under the * deep blue sky; when together occasionally during the sumwatch the leisure time. Through it mothers and daughters meet in loving, mer in connection with the preparation

you may either make or break for sympathetic understanding, enjoying of the "Treasures of Truth"books, eternity."books during vacation time.

each other in happy holiday. These

is first the Conference June The officers heartily general executive the are of the charms months when The season. the eventgala of summer

irresistible; are the proapprove on the camping work of summer It summer sucthe for jubilation of eventis an

officers ject local that attractive urge cooper- L. of of and chain the Y. campscesses just past year the and of of

inspiration for the future, cheering on M. I. A. will call many to partake of ate with Gleaner leaders and assist in

both officers and members to high their refreshment, while many other making these summer gatherings inachievement. groups of both boys and girls who are teresting and worth while.

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 495

ing her fa -::::;;:; Mm husband, "but I don't moveMaricopa Stake:'-'. HfiW more."'any

,'m And she hasn't. She still loves the

gathered old folks than 300"IV/fORE she has watched grow and blos- $Bt EL valley HP. t m;>** to - Arizona, * together in Mesa, great prosperity. som into i

sponsored party,celebrate annual the \ W- "I'm I suppose be 88—but "KT**?*ttIaa HF'-f i a 1 Stake. Maricopa of the A.by M. others J. don't older-—-I know there'llany—but a. at singing 10:00 m. all'Community us is someone,"she said about

speeches and remarks, followedwas by V% ''%; therethe today. party

music. A twoact play, depicting cusespe- 1-,*&> was four generations,toms for Sunday Evening Joint interesting. H. Bingcially Brigham \ '|r>v

ham and Minerva Sutton, 90 and 88 1 nnn $&r \ \ V Meeting For July, 1932 years old, respectively, were crowned king and queen and led to a flower General Theme—"The Vision"

HafeilL % K throne.bedecked

i 1. Singing: Listen a to Pro- "Come in the spot brightest the Perhaps phet's Voice."

of the forentire many day's program 2. Invocation.

folperiod the short people,old was 3. Singing: "Joseph First Smith's prizes were the banquet whenlowing Prayer."

achievements. various forawarded King and Stake Maricopa Queen of 4. Slogan.

the first king awarded Prizes were 5. Discourse: Minute 20 Pro- "The this honor, Besides Mr. queen.and I still "I legs have and two my phet's First Vision."for prizes later awarded wasBingham I.across the reckon could walk back a. Spiritual Condition of People read could oldest thebeing who man if I said. plains to,"he had at that time. (See Church greatest the glasses, for havingwithout true character old of The man History, 1, Vol. 1; Chapter all, for having inposterity, and 175 felt in serious was more remarks—-"Ithe Writings of Joseph Smith; children. 1 9 have, every privation gone through and Pearl of Great Price.) and Ellen Johnson Ash, Joseph To trial earliest hardship and from my b. Joseph's desire to the know for prizes went McNeil A.Mary recollection, faith but has never my truth.

plains; Mrs. the across walkedhaving is still desire firm to wavered and my c. St. of Words that James be- 1 children, 6 of Perry, motherMargaret serve best to the of Maker my my a came light beacon to guide for the prize the woman awardedwas ability."in his him search truth. for Rogers, largest family; Joe thehaving the of enthusiastic guests most One 1 (James:5.) Mrs. Jones and P. Mrs.Mr. and Dan Mrs. Brimhall, Lavina pioneer was d. Prayer, The to Open Door recognized equally Merrill wereEsther resident celebrated of Mesa, her who Truths of Heaven. 'settle to first pioneers beingfor among last birthday anniversary week. 88th e. Satan's efforts to prevent Joshere in 1877. misses never folks'the She old annual eph receiving from additional Alldredge, marIsaac Mrs. and Mr. a event, rollicking time and had good light and knowledge. of the years, honorried 63 for won today. f. The of Triumph Light Over prescouple oldest married thebeing she the for the prize has Twice won Darkness.

S. Rich- C. andent; Smith Joseph W. largest a has been mother g. Great The family—she children, fathers of 20ardson, both Revelation—Apto children, 15 years a ago and few of the Father the and prizes. Mrs. Mr. and presentedwere a prize dress a for she wearing won ever given to J. President pearanceSon—Greatest R. Price, parents of A.H. herself. made She looks with back the man—Restored knowledge children, had 14 parents ofPrice and pride to that occasion she when was the of Godhead, reand man's prescouple largest of family anythe silk, in cut, fitted, stitched gowned and lationship to them.

ent. herself. by 6. Solo: "Joseph the Seer."(This a prize for went Johnson Ben To Mrs. here Brimhall came her with song was composed President by feet, to Mrs. largest the andhaving children husband half and nearly a Taylor, John present was who at smallest the for prize a Stark century ago, pioneers when Mormon the martyrdom the of Prophet.) shoe. a size wears two settling the recalls were country. She 7.Francisfeet—she Four threeminute testimonies

in dressed J. in"the Tyron, time all Martha Mrs. Mesa mesquite was when (preferablyfrom and Men M adjudged clothing,selfmade was by in Indians and Apache neighboring Gleaners) concerning their belief

the king and queen the most attracvicinity were occasionally hostile. in God and the Vision.

in this contest. dressedtively our over here from "On woman way Gila 8. Singing: "Praise to the Man."

is old. she this told 8 1 years a reporter way,"She morning, 9. Benediction.

Joseph Ash, close aspirant to the "a big Apache Indian approached us old folks at the annual "king"place of is yesterday, 90 years hereparty old, me—bywhen we motions,were leavingthat camp,I wouldandprobtold Every Man Given Hisbut said to friends at the party, "You'd ably get my throat cut."The old Agency

say I was just 25 if. you could see me lady shuddered as she recalled her fear.

in my garden."Most of his time he "I tell you I was put'n near scared to pVERY soul has received thisspends actively engaged in the planting death—my husband said I shook the great blessing—the right to

and cultivating pf a garden. whole wagon,"she said. choose for himself what he will

He relates an interesting history. Her first impression of the valley has be. The poet has it:

England, in an only remained Birmingham, herBorn with the years. through

this, that is free, every soul first to Americachild, brought was Their in he night the valley life his choose he'll be; and what the KnowTo uncle. years old Brimhalls 4 by an near When water, campedwhen and is this eternal For truth given,

scarcely 5 years old he walked every when morning came Mrs. Brimhall That God will force no man to heaven.

across said marchstep 2,000mile she of the climbed on up the wagon call, as He'll persuade, direct aright. pioneers, he says.the plains, high with as she He could and looked out over bless with love light; wisdom, And and

the City, well, in Salt Lakeremembers inviting. and In countless be ways good and kind the valley—fascinating

coming of a cricket horde and the "Well,"I says, "this is where I stay. But never force the human mind.salvation of crops by seagulls. You can move if you want,"address-—William C. Clegg.

496 The Improvement Era for June, 1932 M ofMusic Festival churchTwelve wastables,theeachscenedecoratedof the occasion.to repreManthe utmostgroup giveimportanceit and thethatselectionevery

the of Divine Proviin attractiveness. January's each other wisdom The

laid foundation the and atdence scene, February's valentineXJOBLE1 CAIN, polarsent a month of the year, vied with a delegate most careful attention. which

one of Amermosphere, March's St. Patrick, and is directing the development of the

ica's outApril's Easter decorations were only Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday standing muto be equalled by the sister months'Saints is nowhere more apparent than sical directors, attractiveness. May blossomed out in the functioning for good of the

noted particwith a Maypole and flowers, June Church as an organization. A great

ularly for with appropriate weddingfeast decobody of people, impelled by high his successful rations. July was all patriotic, and ideals, can, in united concerted effort,

work in diAugust boasted a beach and bathing assert a power for good which is im- r e c t i n g A beauties. September's harvest decorameasurable. Unorganized effort often

effort. dissipated Organized beautiful, strikingly while means tions were 1 oC a p e 1

activity manof the young on the part one feel that Hallowe'en October made hasChorus,been chosen was right upon us. Then came Nohood of the Church—those of M Man

potentially a tremendous portrayed, with Thanksgiving vember t conduct o social, political, things in and for decorated powerage—possesses followed December by

the great strength the religious. combined table course. of Christmas, What Each was

festival music is, the of the that of a Church young of presided men Queen over by Cain Noble connection in the or themselves, the guests the young men welcomed and month, who

I. Conference. Mr.with M. A June large, that for at Saints table. as at Latterday hostess acted her Each

list of a selected from was Cain appreciate. to matter, not begun table have the representing the at guest sat

directors music foremostAmerica's lies the organization his birth. of Man In the M his month with are familiar and all who that of realizing only not banquet was prepared by a possibility The

work and reputation feel that a happy committee who cooperated so well strength, but, adding to it the directing choice has been made. with ward members that there was no power of the Priesthood, of putting

For many years he was director of expense attached to preparing the banit to its best use.

at the Senn fifty the and. chorus cents each High quet, paid one the A Capello comJoseph The Prophet Smith—a schools largest high the his Party Birthday to attend School, one of was own the paratively man, young way by

in Chicago. is located It clear. nearly two hundred were in America. There the of profundity sounded Mormon where School memin folthe banquet High attendance. Senn wasAt The to a in answer philosophy, when,

elecpurely the in a chorus in the bership was dance amusement lowed by regarding query nonMormons what chorus the in toral, the membership hall. success as his looked astounding upon

to fifty more voices up increased from gives inclosed picture one an The said, teach as "I them he an autocrat, its gave five work and hundred, Party! the than Birthday idea of principles they govern correct and

the conductor nationwide fame. themselves."With a more complete

the chorus adopted, Under the plan closer cooperaorganization, throughout representatives from can the Priesthood the ChurchWide MtionManwith quorums church will have special training under Convention of M Men! be effected. With the ideals and corSaturday, all and Friday day Cain Mr. rect principles the Priesthood of is itself thrilling. in idea very 'I 'HE great the 11, with and 10 June effective tioning an through M funcMan 1 1 (during Saturday, June On the in Taberheld festival to be music organization, can what the young men

I. the A. Conference) Y. M. M. June Saturday direction his on nacle under accomplish? not of the Church

is heto inaugurate will hoped what, night.

Reports from the stakes indicate come one of the outstanding of L. D. One of the fundamental human

that the choruses for the festival will S. annual events. In order that the drives of the modern era is faith in

probably be the largest ever assembled success of this convention be commenhuman progress. Progress, progress,

in the history of the intermountain surate with its possibilities, it is of progress is the common slogan of all region. hsbji Adult Class in -syig|:si.;

Rexburg Celebrates TTNIQUEby the wasRexburgthe projectFourthsponsoredWard

Adult Class. Rexburg Fourth Ward

has been building a chapel, and every effort has been made to pay for it.

The M. I. A. had agreed to buy one

of the splendid pianos in the church, pastdue installments were piling up, and something needed to be dpne about it. The Adult Class came to

the rescue with a party, so wellplanned, so farreaching, that it involved almost the whole M. I. A. of

the ward, gave everybody a thrillingly good time, and paid a substantial sum on the piano.

Everyone of Mutual age in the ward was invited to his own birthday party.

The beautiful banquet hall of the Adult Party, Rexburg 4th Ward, Fremont Stake

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 497

III. Requisites for full M Man membership.

a. Should membership be sufficiently worthwhile to be

sought after?

b. Should membership represent

the achievement of 'Certain standards? 1. If so, what?

c. Should there be a graded

membership to represent degrees of achievement?

1. If so, what?

IV. Civic Projects.

a. What has been the success of

civic projects during the past year? b. What jshall be our future

policy in this matter?

V. Basketball.

Value of M Man basketball.

b. Relative importance of basketball.

VI. Other activities.

Butte, Montana, C. Y. M. A. Church League a. Champions—shall they What include? all observers of the Word Wisdom. of row, left Back right, to these All matters will come for conPotter, Ted Harris, Eugene Howard Williams. Center row, sideration at the convention. Eldon Delegates Jones, Martin Harris, coach, William Rowe, Reid Nielsen,

Front row, Bert Cram, Ferguson and Kartchener. J. C. W. Tate, Matt Rowe, captain, Sam ofshouldthem.comeOnly"primed"bona onfide everydelegatesone

will be allowed to vote.

occidental general peoples. convenIn the hurry and In order that each organization may tion scurry from and 9:30 complexity life, to of modern properly its instruct delegate, the fol11:30 Theremeetings—onea. willm.; beandtwoone mere change from is often 2:30 to mistaken for lowing matters should be given careful

progress. Persons magnifying the consideration: 4:30 p. m. The hours from 12:00

Priesthood and blessed with spirit of to 2:00 will be reserved for luncheon

discernment will not be led astray by I. Advisability of Churchwide orand committee meetings. The exact

"every word of doctrine."Their ganization of M Men. location of convention meeting will be

change will be in very deep progress, a. How organized? announced later.

because their prayerful and concerted b. How officered? Here is a project worthy of the best

effort will be directed and blessed by c. How administered? "brains"of our young manhood.

it attack humbly and prayerfully, the agencies of our Father in Heaven, II. Objectives of M Men organizaLet'sin order that a tremendous Himself. tion. good may

At the first Churchwide Conven- a. Greater solidarity among be accomplished! tion of M Men, each M Man organiMormon youth.

zation will entitled be to vote. b. Increased one effectiveness Men Win Montana M of M Butte For stakes that will that mean organizations Men in reachChurch League Championeach group is entitled Man to ing, holding, one nearbyM and supplying

delegate. Outlying stakes will find worthwhile activity to young ship

the sending of a delegate each from men. Branch the of gUTTE Men M financially ward impossible. is It 1. How may these be achievNorthwestern States Mission were therefore suggested that each outlying ed? declared in champions the C. A. Y. M. stake hold a stake convention, preliminary to the June Convention, and that

in that convention, the M Men shall elect one delegate to represent the entire stake, and that this delegate be empowered to cast as many votes in the

June Convention as there are M Men groups in his stake.

Each ward organization should conduct a primary, in order to elect its delegate. While M Man membership

rightly electedChurch—andis not confined to members of the so—the

delegate should be a bona fide member of the Church.

From now until the closing of Mutual, M Men leaders should see to it that serious consideration is given the matters to be discussed at the Convention, in order that the most competent men may be elected as delegates;

that these delegates may be carefully instructed so that their votes may truly represent their several organizations. M Men Gleaner Banquet of Sevier Stake

498 The Improvement Era for June, 1932

basketball league composed of teams representing various churches of

Montana. Entering the league for the

first time the L. D. S. boys went

through the schedule like veterans and emerged victors. Elder J. C. Kartchener of the Butte District Auxiliary

Board in reporting the victory to the

Improvement Era inclosed an account of the final game as printed in the

Montana Standard, the leading newspaper of Butte. The account is as

follows: "L. D. S. Quint wins

Church League Title,""Saints Beat

Grace to Cop Pennant in Y. M. C.

A."A fast Latterday Saints team

last night won the championship of the church basketball league at the Y.

M. C. A. by defeating Grace, 19 to

14, in a close game.

The game last night was nip and tuck with the winners showing theirsupremacy in the second half, runEphraim M Men—Gleaner's Banquet

ning to a 1 to 9 lead at the half time into a 19 to 14 win at the final."and cooperation even in "depression"a result, an ideal feeling of cooperation

days. The North, South and West prevailed.

joined After hands the the banquet wards of diners enjoyed and Ephraim those aMeadow M Men devised of social dancing hours plan whereby two who and Gleaner Banquet didn't have money could furnish. home college gymnasium, Charles A. inWall,the

plates. their secretary to for of I. A., products pay As stake M. the Y. M. basketball team who of the honorTN result, a and'orchestra, seventy the hundred music. one providing and his

the year, this divisions several, won entire (practically the enrollment) and Gleaner MenMeadow M Girls were present. Sevier Stake and dance a banquet atentertained

president Peterson, former Leroy amuseward 25, in theFriday, March

Sanpete South of PHE M Men and Gleaner Girls of Y. M. for the M. I. A. laid were Coversment hall.

seventy guests. acted as master of ceremonies and Miss Sevier Stake are indeed happy over

Christensen, a Gleaner, Opal of gold color scheme delightful A mistress. Herbert B. Maw andas Racheltoastthethe successamusementof theirhall banquetof the heldStakein was of Easter, suggestive green,and

used in the decorations which conGrant Taylor, representatives of the Tabernacle, February 29th. Theirsisted of a large Easter basket centerGeneral Board, together with members one regret is that all M Men and

piece, gold an?d green candles, and from the Stake Board, were guests of Gleaner Girls throughout the Church

colored egg placecards. There was honor. could not participate with them.

music during the banquet and the reFive junior girls from each ward The banquet and dance being held mainder of the evening was spent in served the banquet. The preparation on Leap Year night, the Gleaner Girls

dancing. of the program, the arrangement, setwere privileged to show their good ting and decorating of the tables, and spirit by escorting an M Man to the

of the food, entertainment. preparation of the some

The banquet hall was cleverly decEphraim Ward's M for was cared by committees drawn orated colored balloons bright with Gleaner from the andMenGleaner Banquet largely M Men year sayings them. with leap printed on the guests of membership. A majorityHpHE M MenGleaner Banquet furnhad, in some way, made definite conGreen and gold tapers and flowers

ishes a splendid example of what tributions toward the preparation of were used for table decorations.

can be accomplished by determination the program or the banquet and, as M D.MenN.stakeOldroyd,organizationpresidentactedofas thethe

toastmaster during the banquet and a unique program was carried out.

MToastsMen wereand givenGleanerandGirls.respondedOne tohunby

dred and fifty young people participated in this annual event. The Stake

Presidency and their wives were invited as special guests.

A novelty wedding ring feature was successfully carried out during the dance held immediately after the banquet.

Everyone attending the entertainment feels that the purpose of this banquet, extending desirable acquaintanceship, creating a stronger spirit of fellowship, and bringing to the M

Men and Gleaner Girls a feeling of responsibility, was accomplished, and they are all looking forward with anGleaner Banquet, Price Ward, Carbon Stake ticipation to the Sevier Stake Fourth

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 499

Annual Banquet of M Men and Gleaner Girls.

Juab Stake

QSCAR A. KIRKHAM and Mrs.

> Katie Jensen of the general boards of the Young Men and Young Ladies

Mutual Improvement associations were the special guests at the Juab Stake

Gleaner Girl and M Men banquet at the Forrest Hotel. They both spoke

and pleaded with the (young people to adhere to the standards of the M.

I. A. and the classes they represented,

stressing the point that "Work"is a glorious privilege and will bring its happiness if engaged in with the right determination and desire.

One of the features of the banquet was the election of officers.

The program at the banquet was made up of musical numbers, talks, toasts and readings, given by members of the two organizations. A large

number of young people was present. Costumes worn at Junior Girls and Mothers'Party,

Hillcrest Ward, Grant Stake Monroe North Ward Gleaner Girls Present Play 236 in the 21st Ward was organized. a portion of the lake will undoubtedly

It was one of the pioneer sea scout encourage additional troop organiza- /\NE of the most successful events troops in the intermountain region. tions of sea scouts.

and finest evening of entertainThe plan has now been extended to include the the organization during the current yearment promake was enVanball and Archery Finals tire district. are being Two scoutsvided class of this by the Gleaner ward

when they presented the threeact play admitted to the sea scout troop or pHE first annual Church championdis- in the each troop from "ship"a ships"Miss Fearless to and Company,"in vanball and archery, to be is district liketrict. committee The held house.crowded count in connection showed 335 with the A June Conwise representatives of the formed of ferencepeople in attendance. of age promise to Mutual form an outstandAlmost as large a number of children various wards. The troop has two ing feature of the annual gathering of

enjoyed the performance in the afterfine boats on the Great Salt Lake and the M. I. A. workers. The finals are

elaborate an of training program and scheduled characternoon. well porEvery to be held was Saturday, June

cruises Prospects is being prepared. the for girls deserve credittrayed and 1 1 on the campus of the L. D. S. Busthe splendid way in which their project of a fresh water lake being formed of iness College. Details are being prewas carried to a successful completion. pared by the committee in charge with

Class work has been most enjoyable a determination to make the first conand profitable throughout the season. tests successful from every standpoint.

Special plans are being made to enterJunior Girls and tain the two hundred boys expected.

Their Mothers Enjoy Party Thebe devotedentire toafternoonthe finals.of SaturdayBoth archerywill

vanball finals and are to held be out Girls'the Junior Mothers and A T of in setting doors a to appropriate

Hillcrest party the Daughters'of the the nature sports. of

styles dress typesWard, of and many Scout Executives the of various display, thewere guests and on ascouncils are acting as directors their in greatly thesembled watching enjoyed respective divisions. All Vanguards girls veils, hats, try to the manage outside the seven councils in and Utahskirts accessories other and of another

are Idaho to asked their report winnersday. carried out program was The direct to the General as exBoard success. others completewith The

in plained the for Improvement Era active the in parttook an program, telling stories and relating reminiscences May.

interest. fashionedof games Old and Vanguard Commissioner Redances enjoyable an evening. made

Refreshments were planned with a St. ceives Signal Honors

Patrick idea, and were delightfully served. The party was voted a huge /PO Vanguard Commissioner George

success. I. Bone, of Lehi Stake, have come

honors coveted by many but received

Sea Scouting Plan Expanded by few. Through the National Counthe of Scouts Boy has of America George Commissioner Vanguard older Scouting, for Scouts theOEA I. comecil Foundation award Harmon tvinner Stake, Haris Bone of Lehi of

as a part being developed of the defor service for conspicuous 1931 special Foundation Award and mon program in Ensign district of the Salt scholarship of Veterans of Foreign noting character, perseverance and selfLake Council. Two years ago Troop Wars. sacrifice. It is 'made annually to only

500 The Improvement Era for June, 1932

52 outstanding scouts selected from bert Smith, of the Y. M. M. I. A.,

the hundreds of thousands in America. who is president of the Utah Pioneer

The honor carries with it the sum of Trail and Land Mark Association, $100 to be used toward securing a will participate in the ceremony. This

higher education. As Commissioner association is cooperating with the PREPARE Bone is now a student at the Brigham Idaho Scouts in preparing a monuFor Youngarship willUniversitydoubtlessatbeProvowelcomed.the scholTo ment.The site selected is at the present

earn a Harmon Foundation Award is Fort Hall Indian Reservation on the one of the highest achievements in Yellowstone highway. The inscripscouting that can be secured by any tion contains the information that the SUMMER scout or council. original Fort Hall of 1834 was loIn addition to the Harmon Founcated on Snake River, fourteen miles

dation Award, a second honor has been west of the highway. COMFORT conferred by the Veterans of Foreign

Wars. This organization offers annually an additional scholarship to the Former Governor, Charles R. MaNOW! scout who meets the requirements of bey, chairman of the Scout Committee

the Harmon Foundation and who has of Y. M. M. I. A. General Board, who

received a lifesaving award from the has been confined at the hospital and

National Court of Honor. These his home by a serious illness for several

honors have been awarded upon evimonths is almost entirely recovered and dence furnished by officials of the is again performing his duties in the

Timpanogos Council and accepted and M. I. A.

approved by the National Council.

Commissioner Bone has served as a Pioneer Stake Issued Helpful leader in his own troop, a leader in camp, a leader in emergencies and a Bulletin leader in church and school affairs.

He sacrificed his own troop connection HpHE Pioneer Stake Aaronic Priestin order to reorganize and serve as hood Bulletin is the title of an amtemporary leader in a weak troop bitious and effective bulletin issued by where he was more needed and is now the Stake Aaronic Priesthood CommitVanguard Commissioner for Lehi Distee. It contains schedules of stake and

trict. He holds the silver, gold and ward activities and suggestions for class

An ELECTRIC bronzereceivedpalma certificateeagle awardsof heroismand in 1927from isworkcloselyandassociatedquorum activities.with the PriesthoodScouting

RANGE rescuedthe Nationala littleCourtboy andof Honorhis fatherwhenfromhe tion.work andAn Aaronicis given Priesthoodits share offieldattenday

drowning. His action was the more is; being planned for June and indicabrings just the sort of comheroic and noteworthy from the fact tions are that it will be very much out

fort every mother wants. that he had but a short time before of the ordinary.

Decide to install a Hotpoint recovered from a broken leg and was still partly incapacitated. Electric or Westinghouse Boy Scouts of

Superintendent Dr. W. L. Worlton before Range in your home

hot weather arrives. Elecof Lehi Stake pays him this tribute: Escalante,Ward proud of George. He indeed are 'We is tric clean... Cooking is Escalante Ward, 68 of pROOP is a fine man."young cool economical.... and old. twentyOf the two years

Eastern Idaho scouts.nine members,They havetwentyalso arepassedfirsta totalclass

Area Council of 200 merit badges.

YOUR PURCHASE PRICE r>OY SCOUTS of the Eastern Idaho movementJoining into wholehelp cleanheartedlyup thewithtownthe

INCLUDES COMPLETE *-* Area Council, under the direction the boys have raked the yards, cleaned

INSTALLATION IN of D. C. Watkins, Scout Executive, up and chopped wood for the widows YOUR HOME are carrying out the project assigned and others who needed help—amassing

to Scouts and Vanguards, to mark his- a total of seventyfive patrol good toric places by setting a monument at turns.

Historic Fort Hall the first week in

We invite you to call at our June.Fort Hall was established in 1834

store for complete informaand soon became one of the most imtion. Or phone us. portant stations on the old OregonCalifornia Emigrant Trail. It was

at this point that the California and

Oregon Trails divided in the early

Utah Power & Light days.Scouts of the Idaho Council covCompany eredline totheFortterritoryHall andfromeachthe troopWyomingwill

selectthe material, part of Efficient Public Service contribute the locality to build ed from its own monument.

General Superintendent, George AlTroop 68, Escalante Ward

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 501 4\Ma Moody Continuedpage from457 Index to Advertisers

I only stopped a moment and it 1 HE doctor pondered. These advertisers are highclasswas rather dark that afternoon.

at definite,"he said "Nothing worthy of your and dependable, course, as of says, CharlieBut confidence it to and patronage. explain we length. "I might

really a doctor have must examine you in various medical terms, her."Page it's Company that Charlie, you probable but all three drove out and They best understand. wouldn't The Springs 510 Beck's Hot afterintotook that mother town

is I tell her liken to can you way Insurance Life Beneficial Conoon. aware they became When old to that of Cover condition motor Back an

a theirof duty they toward mother is ignition spark Paint 508 Glass the in Bennett Co which 8 it. childrenweren't the neglect to

University 501 weaker."constantly Brigham Young growing

silly "It's just a Charnotion of 504 Dairy CloverLeaf Co only he but nodded, Charles was lie's,"her. to explained Ann Press 510 Deseret News far listening. half His was mind told friend his doctor of"Some 503 Co. Eureka Vacuum past. the in rememwas away He a that everyone should havehim Products Co. Excelsis 507 farm old fashioned bering an at physical examinationthorough Service International 509 Trade giv- a house, was mother and who allleast a year. talked once us He J. 502 Heber Grant Co 8 her circus from ing money himinto so the notion, thought and we College-—, S. Business 507 L. D. account. frugal expense own it fair unless be wouldn't made we Parlor Mitchell's 509 Beauty

a family affair of it. And I be- 'There is nothing seriously Murray Laundry 504

vital of her with any wrong lieve it really is a very good idea, 5 1 orOliver Farm Equipment Co—"Just on. doctor the gans,"went all."after 509 Club Old Mill

the call energy, vital spark the we - Press 508 is Pyramid itself, life that means spark Culof Beauty School Quish exalarming to an growing M.LA was a bit mystidim 5 8 ture

fied and considered it, as she said, tent. Yes, Charlie old man, I'm Salt Lake Costume Co. 502

"a lot of modern foolishness."She very sorry, but in all candidness a Salt Lake Knitting Co 503

was inclined, at first, to object, but year is the longest time I can preSaltair 505 in the happiness of being with all dict that she will be with you,"Standard Brands Co. 503

at once, any childrenthree her of 506 Co Utah Gas 8 Coke Suddenly Ma Moody A year! her about they held silly notion Oil Refining Co Utah a takenfor-granted ceased to be insignificance. In fact, into Inside Back Covershrank

she quite forgot their mission as fixture in the Moody family. She Utah Power 8 Light Co 500

she rode into town between Ann became to them something very Utah School of Beauty Culand Grover in Ann's big blue precious. Of course they had loved ture 502

coupe. her all along; but she had seemed Z. C. M. I 505

When they took her home that so permanent. Until now they

afternoon she had been discharged with the doctor's most reassuring frO4)-Hfr(><* -04M04M0 smile and friendliest pat on the shoulder. The doctor had had his m $p-f*.'j

instructions. Mother was not tobe alarmed. College Education

Later that afternoon Charles returned for his real verdict. (-. Cost The doctor was not smiling f at Low

now, He sat across his desk from A Standard Education

Charles and tapped upon its Awaits You at Your smooth surface thoughtfully with.y. CHURCH UNIVERSITY

the tip of a pencil. Kft 1. None Better.

"How old is your mother, Char- 2. None more Economical.

lie?"he asked abruptly.

"A It Offers a University Education "I don't.quite remember,"Ok, Plus

Charles said, embarrassed. I think 'y*-%

she's about sixtytwo or three, or 'M Information on request.

somewhere along in there. Why?"# -Sw "So! She should really have *<& Brigham Young

yearsmany of her."University mean—ahead "You Provo, Utah

that mother your "I mean has W-M <M The Friendly School year to live.possibly one more

'dcSVery likely that long, but certainly m no longer."sTBEjJ"

"But what is the matter with her?"502 The improvement Era for June, 1932

had thought of her as constant, while. Ma Moody gazed out over

unchanging. She was as much a the flashing green of the orchards

casual lives crests part of distant, as their the the and immobile vitality VISIONstrength nation, of The and a sunshine seasons. the of or the she mountains. So When why of be smaller within groups may"or its quality the of by measured Men Youngit, again voice should haste her pensive. be to spoke they in any was to II procure and To and Young Women.

I it the hold that standard, high becomes "It's affection for so find of to her? show their you good

to of those opprovide the groups duty all that for old changed.: was viyour mother, will inspire vision portunit much time that y a Now

to I to so focused sion I enable them jealous so you their have must grew of mothwhen I They many I the their in true worth | evaluate ownas unfolding of fori beautiful and I LIFE now er. Such

I fine eternity. for of type youth The

her! bear Conference for this assembled JuneI A thousanda shorttendertime memoriesto have otherall seemthingsso soberon yourandminds.so occupiedYou

!| witnessan opportunitythat fortothemexperiencehas beenthatprovidedvision. crowded into their minds to enwith your businesses, and still

! SALT LAKE COSTUME dearday herpassedmorethatto them.one or Seldommore ofa you'reGroverall sothoughtgood toagainme."of the

COMPANY them was not out at her little cotcause of that soberness. His right

Pres. JOHN HANSEN,

Phone Was. 999 | tage. They took her to their homes arm left the steering wheel and 35 West Broadway

I? often for meals; stayed frequently powerfully encircled his mother's fc|H ill SALT|| ||jH—H—||h——11-—MLAKE CITY, UTAHm! II'"

to eat with her, fussing about solislender waist.

citously to be sure that she should not tire herself unduly cooking for JlTIGH in Cedar CanThe more them. yon the next week, Charles saw

that same spot of undue color in his mother's cheek. His eyes grew you have Charles took her

for long, glorious rides through the serious and his arm, too, encircled its his mother, as though by canyons. Grover took her with the more strength he would protect her from inspection county fruit on his him

you have partiestours. andAnn afternoongave up teasher tomanybe theAnninevitablenesscalled for ofherfate.mother the

need for withseemedherso trivialmother.now.Tea parties averylittlenextconferenceday. Therethe nighthadbefore.been

INSURANCE year"Youhas beenknow,the Grove,most wonderfulthis last Charles"May ashadwellsaidknowgrimly.the worst,""Anythat I ever remember,"Ma Moody thing is better than suspense,"

Protect what you have by said one day, as she drove with her Grover had agreed. Now Ann

in a in upon her mother acres of peach and apburst through insuring it. Buy sound son little flutter of forced gayety. orchards. ple

insurance. Let us explain Grover started, and a moment's "It's been a year, Mother,"she

the value of a policy in the pallor dimmed the tan on his laughed, "since the doctor exUtah Home Fire Insurance cheeks. He hadn't realized that amined you. We've all had"ours Company. the year was almost over. and it's your turn now—at two

"You've all been so good to o'clock this afternoon."

me,"his mother went on. "Why, "But it all seems so silly,"Ma

objected. if a as "Just Grover, what makes you stare at Moody Utah Home Fire tell body couldn't they whether me so!"

well, or not, without having I felt Co. Insurance didn't "Oh, know sorry—I a doctor examine them."that Grover But Ma."knew Co. was, Heber J. Grant & he's a friend "But of Charlie's, been. eyes His he been had had

General Agents upon those ominous little circles of and we're paying him a family for these examinations. So cheeks. Fever! rate in his mother's Salt Lake City, Utah red you really come along."must like a cold hand seemed Something

to clutch at his heart. To hide Ma said something more about

his apprehension he went on quick- "silly modern idees,"as she went

The Utah High ly:times"I whenwas just,1 wasrememberinga kid andthoseyou to Onceget hermore,hat. after his mother had

School of Beauty took Charlie and Ann and me on left with Grover and Ann, Charles

Culture canthat stillpicnictasteto Mason'sthose gingerbreadGrove. I reenteredwent in slowly,the doctor'shis handofiice.reluctantHe

331 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake cookies you made that day."upon the doorknob.

a profession that Learn make would the rest for you independent of "I'll make some more, if you'd "Well,"he said grimly, "you your life. Write for catalog. like,"Ma said eagerly. may as well tell me. Let's have

Mail this Coupon "Gee, I wish you would,"the truth."

Grover agreed, with boyish enthuThe doctor looked up from his

Name siasm. "You make a crock full desk, his face the picture of solemAddress and next time we go out inspectnity. Then his features relaxed

City ing we'll stop somewhere and have into a smile, a smile, however,.

provide and room We can board to another little picnic."shaded by perplexity, of students out town

They drove on in silence for a "Who's been treating your

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 503

mother for the past year?"he

asked"Who's—whatcuriously. do you mean?""I mean that some doctor, J*resh to the last crumb

who's a lot better than I am, has fanned up that spark of life in Baked foods made with Royal Baking Powder your mother till it's fairly blazstay tender and flavorful until the last crumbmg.

is devoured. That's jbecause the action of this

"But how about that fever?"famous Cream of Tartar Bak-

"Fever, nothing! That's just ing Powder is perfect.

the good rich blood circulating again."When you bake cake, muffins,

biscuits or any other food re- "She won't, then—she won't

quiring baking [powder, be "She won't die till she's a hunsure to use Royal and you'll be dred, if she keeps on like she is sure of success.

now,"the doctor said heartily.

"I guess I missed out a mile on that diagnosis. And I can't understand how the deuce I did, either."Royal Baking Powder

YOUR GROCER SELLS IT.

IlT was such news as Charlie had never imparted before.

Ann and Grover were breathless with delight.

The to tell going mother "I'm to Grand

Prize thisstart minute,"very packing Vacuum cleaner De Luxe decisively. exclaimedAnn "FULLFLOATING"WITH BEAUTIFUL RED BRUSH,14 OTHER BAG, AND for?"Charlie asked. "What IMPROVEMENTS MAJOR

"She and Max and I are going The De Luxe, with 16 major improvements, is presented as the for a vacation up to the lodge at atfinest,a pricemost lowerbeautiful,than youand wouldefficientexpectelectricfor cleanersuch quality.ever built—

Mirror Lake."Easy Terms—Small Carrying Charge

"I'm sorry, sis,"Charles said UTAH POWER & LIGHT or any of its stores quietly, "but you'll have to postpone that awhile. I'm going to Eureka Vacuum Cleaner Co.

take her with me on that trip east 177 E Broadway Was. 4764 Salt Lake City, Utah

next week."

"It'll have to be the week after,"

Grover interrupted coolly. "Mother and I have a little picnic party

all planned for next Tuesday."TEMPLE BRAND

The Pirate's Purpose GARMENTS KNITTING SALT STORE LAKE quality By Gladys Bischoff superior 01 and workmanship manufactured for the from us at prices sold And I a pirate bold TT/rERE remember defying competition.We Pay PostageWhen ordering '* waves, the Sailing LADIES FOR MEN FOR

I would have stores of gold No. 662 Men's Fine Quality NonRun

In far off caves. 703719 FlatRibbedWeaveLight Weight $.1.0085 610 RayonRibbed Light Wt 1.001.49

792 Fine Quality Cotton 1.25 602 Extra Fine Quality 1.25

Full of adventure quests 751 Ladies'Fine Silk Lisle Cotton.- 1.35 614 Med. Wt. Ex. Quality 1.35

620 Quality Men's Super NonRun 1.25 Silk Stripe 711 Med. be; would Wt My

1.50 Rayon 1.00 Quality Cotton 749 Fine treasure of chests All lifemy 663 Cotton.. 1.75 Unbleached Med. Heavy 1.00 762 Rayon NonRun |to thee. give I'd 664 1.75 Med. Cotton Heavy Wt.

1.75 DeChine 717 Crepe Rayon 680 Extra 1.95 Unbleached Heavy

85 Cotton Light 735 Weight 601 Style Med. 1.00 Weight Only New pirate fair a I'm Lo! 1.49 Quality 720 Fine 635 Cotton NonRun Light Men's Wt. 85 RibbedRayon.—In sea, Memory's Marked Request, Silk, Garments for 15c Cotton 25c Upon

Gathering stories rare 20% Extra Charge for Sizes over 46

Of my ancestry! Do not fail to specify New or Old Style and if for Man or Woman, also state if long

or short sleeve, short or long, legs are wanted. Give accurate Bust Measurement,

Full of inquisitiveness Height and Weight. Samples Sent Upon Request.

I'll look, Everywhere SALT KNITTING LAKE STORE Till gems of truthfulness 70 So. Main St., Salt KNITTING Lake City, Utah—OLDEST STORE IN UTAH

Fill my Treasure Book.

504 The Improvement Era for June, 1932

Ancient Cities of Mexico Continuedpage from463 and cloud effects the ocean varies an old Ford, probably a reprein color from greygreen to the sentative of the first thousand everTHAT deepest blue. made. After a good deal of hagextra us Perhapsmost, however,the thingis thatthe impressesgrandeur glingthe driverover askedthe excessiveat first farehe iswhichwillof the tropical forest. Here we ing to take us to the ruins which

LUXURY kg. M L* mncra ga seesquarevegetationfoot of sobaredensegroundthat isnotvis-a passare twentyalong themilesthinaway.layer Asof soilwe

ible anywhere, but a few miles which overlays the limestone we yonder the natives have cleared off see striking examples of the ten- a jio extra cost/ small patches of timber and are dency of the vegetation constantly attempting to establish themselves to encroach on the road. It brings

With Clover LeafHarris creamin settlements. As we glide along vividly to us some of the things

top milk you always have rich we see great rivers that wend their we have heard about the terrors fruits, bevercereals, for cream the interior to discharge rapidly the jungle of from and how ready way you're always. and ages

it great quantities habitation. covers of alligatorinfest- any neglected emergencies. for whipped.. cream

Every quart of this milk has a ed water into the gulf. OccaThis aggressive quality of the vegegenerous measure of rich cream sionally we (fly over vast swamp tation in Yucatan accounts for the

the And, whip. will that with forests, cities specks ancient of the here fact that with myriad wa-

.(supplied separator spoon handy

trees. ter visible the in their were, green between doubt, which no trick at it's no free to customers)

all to pour off the cream. We are not sure whether we should days as well kept as our own large

Yet Clover LeafHarris Milk costs call these areas land or water. Ficities are now almost completely

no more than ordinary milk. nally we come down at Merida, covered with vegetation and thereFor delivery to your idoor every that beautiful little city which is by for many centuries have been

morningt, just phone us... the capital of Yucatan and our hidden from discovery.

visiting the base for ruins we Wasatch 3177 have TXHEN we arrive at Chichen a to see. pleasant been It has come

trip without the least discomfort. Itza we are astonished at

city. ancient of the extent A seen in these have more few the CloverLeafHarriseaf We has great architecture of variety ordinarily could hours than we ILK see in weeks. been used in its construction. The

The modern inhabitants of main edifices have already been unYucatan are probably the finest covered. For many centuries they

looking people of [Mexico, They have been overgrown by a dense have intelligent features and they growth of trees and different kinds are relatively well dressed and neat of debris has accumulated around in appearance. At the present time the buildings. At present they

the chief income of the people of look like great mounds of earth hills. "MORELaundryLEISURE HOURS FOR Yucatan is from henaquin, the or natural

Institution of The Carnegie MOTHERS"binder from twine which Are Washed In fibre Tour Clothes engaged in acis Washington is now state over the made. As we flew RAIN SOFT ARTESIAN WATER tive the direction excavation under plantagreat henaquin we noticed MILD SOAP AND Morley. While jS. G. of Doctor fields tions us of reminded which

of pineapple in Hawaii or Florida. Doctor Morley is not present during our visit a number of the memTN order to reach our objective, bers of his staff are here and we

Chichen Itza, it is necfessary for have ample opportunity to learn us to take a train from Merida of their excellent work. Not only

for nearly one hundred miles. This are they eliminating the vegetatrain winds its way through rather tion and the debris but they, are

dense jungles which have in places also restoring the more important been cleared for henaquin plantaof the ancient edifices to their origtions. Yucatan has very few roads; inal condition.

they would be difficult to maintain As a result of the discovery of against the everencroaching junthe calendar system of the ancient gle. Coming into the railroad Mayas it is possible to fix dates

from the plantations are narrowrather definitely. It has been de-

..> gauged rails over which little cars termined by students of the subject

. are drawn by horses to bring pasthat the Mayas discovered Yucatan

:** sengers and freight to the main somewhere between 471 and 530

railroads. The country houses A. D. For many centuries before

here are circular in form with their this period these people had built

Phones: Wasatch

612, Murray 213, American1637, HylandFork roofs thatched with palm leaves up a civilization in what is now 213, Bingham 213 and their floors usually of earth. the states of Tabasco and CamLaundry Send Your By We leave the train at the station peche in Mexico and also in GuaParcel Post

of Dzitas and find a taximan with tamala in Central America. In

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 505

these places the Mayas had cleared to the time of European discovery.

cultivatedoff It the forest the year and had from was 1 448 1201 to see Ask Forthe structures that the land greatest and in an effective manner we it is probable that the density of at Chichen Itza were erected. More

population among them was as building was done during this twogreat as that in almost any part and onehalf centuries than during BIG of the world. all of the previous six centuries

civilization indicated as'"PHEIR of the discovery and the settlement of the Yucatan by the Mayas. HARVESTER architheir arts and by their

these look around Today as we relatively advanced.tecture was

structures great their OVERALLS at marvel we of arithmetic, knowledge hadThey at the beauty ingenuity the of and Their chronology.astronomy, and 89c 69c erected people them. who The in beads pendants shows andwork For Boys For Men in area the prominent most work artistry.a of quality high very

is as Castillo, or El Great in 2.20 known Overalls Big Harvester delifine their woodcarving,Their and blue treated denim water rises of Can, Temple Kukul which ceracate stucco, their in modeling offered stripe are express now feet as than a one more hundred price. fine saving painting, their to mosaicsmics, at a money you

great side this pyramid. the of Up material, design quality and A all beautiful featherand work

are steps; will temple please the wide that north workmanship on sense that they an artistic hadshow for Sizes boy. every and man there are thirtysev- each 103, oneas as skill their in well work. doing children for two, and from men feet at broad. en ascend These size to fortytwo. up a wear who the In found Yucatan Mayas

degrees. angle an of fortyfive

flat rose limestone country which to Dealer Your Show are flanked balAsk enormous by They feet sea the abut and above few the Big Harvester You new ustrades in likeness sculptured the rivers there or were no whichon Overalls at Prices Saving serpent, of the the plumed head surface water. were any They

resting tail the in Salt ground on the and Lake City by Made largely for water dependent on

I. Z. Clothing Factory C. M. itself stair. rearing to the top of thewells although they dug, which

there are natural wells and sinks This edifice was erected during the "Keep Home Folks at Work"throughout the area. period of the Aztec dominance.

Records show that the city of Chichen Itza was founded not later than 530 A. D. and that it

grew to be the largest ancient city of that section. Previous to this

time the Mayas had built great cities at Copan and at Palenque, but Chichen Itza was probably the finest of them all. During the

year 668 the city was abandoned for a time, but the Mayas continued to live in the surrounding country and eventually reoccupied the city. In the year 1004 the

three largest cities of the region,

Chichen Itza, Uxmal, and Mayatan, formed a triple alliance but in the year 1348 Chichen Itza was finally abandoned.

The reasons for these changes in population, settling one section and later abandoning it and then returning, have not been discovered. It may have resulted from

wars, from unfavorable changes in climate, or as some authorities believe it may have resulted from exhaustion of the fertility of the soil to a point of unprofitable production which necessitated waiting for weathering agents to renew the fertility. rURING the last period when Chichen Itza gained prominence it was under ToltecAztec dominance. These races descended

from the highlands of Mexico and held control over the Mayans up 506 The Improvement Era for June, 1932

The most beautiful of the A FTER we spend several hours groups of buildings in this city is "observing these marvelous old known as the "Temple of the structures and walk for miles

Warriors."Recently the Carnegie through the city looking at the MODERNIZE Institution published two large, many kinds of buildings of which

help deillustrated composed we cannot volumes it was YOUR HOME WITH beautifully so deeply affected. temple. to this be And but voted entirely

Near El Castillo is the great after we have eaten our supper in ball court which is 272 feet long the neat little Maya house where and 1 1 9 feet wide. It was the we find lodging we set out in the

scene of official spectacles, probably evening and climb to the top of ball games and ceremonial activiEl Castillo to look over the city ties of various kinds. It is thought in the moonlight. The moon

that the court would seat about comes up out of the jungle and as 5,000 persons. it rises higher and higher and the

long shadows pull themselves back ()NE of the most interesting under the trees, we lose all conparts of the old city is El sciousness of the passage of time to clean spring, comes the urge With old Carocol, or "The House of the and try to reconstruct in our minds redecorate, replace renovate, up, equipment, here is Snail,"which is believed to have some of the activities that hapMODERNIZE—andopportunity to modernize an attractive

appliances Gas Natural with your as home the astronomical served during an in this vicinity observapened following service. the Consider and

It tory. stands land was that the reabout seventyfive the small investment offers many centuries and

quired, to GasbringCooking,to your Refrigerationhome clean feet above the plain on a base conoccupied by these people who built Natural and Water Heating. sisting of two terraces and it looks so well.

$5 1.downAUTOMATICwill install COOKING:in your kitchenOnly something like a modern astroThe work of the scientists who

Natural Automatic of the one Modern trying observatory. so years spent nomical have many designs modernistic Gas

display, with seen colorsRanges—in on you've these of and to the climb the top of to mystery unravel we When

burners, ovens, improved insulated to is useful Castillo us look El in helping around people slidwe and smokeless, dials control and oven ing mentbroilers.plan makesOur monthlyit easy budgetto pay paythe see dozens of structures, some of fill in gaps as we sit in the moonhnlance and navmneTits are verv small wVvirVi arc nr>w ntilv in rVip firsf lirrVif InriVincr cwTPr trip imnrPwiVP

prices are extremely because low. stages of excavation. Beyond these ruins and the jungles which surREFRIGERATION: 2. AUTOMATIC

Electrolux, the place will $5 down Only scientists have are there of earth them. mounds round The many in your gas

the 24 trees. have toHome—andpay months mayrefrigerator you the entirely problem, covered solved and elevations not by

refrigerator with magic balance. The

is to these will there are excavated nothing they and however, or machinery When moving no parts—absocost operating lutely no disclose note- a little dreaming doubtless doing prevent our many other centsnoise—with day. a a but few

3. AUTOMATIC HOT WATER: We worthy places. As we look off on our own account and trying

willWaterinstallHeateran Automaticin your homeNaturalto takeGas to one side we see the great sacred to fill in some of the missing recrequirements and supply care of your hot well which originally was doubtords. Our dreaming leads us to and night instant day you with

water service for only $5 down, with less used as a source of water but think of ancestors, migrations, of mayvery havesmall24 monthsmonthlyto payments.pay the balanceYou which in the later period was emthe rise and fall of kingdoms, of

wish. battles decisive a ceremonial ployed in in which and of wandering

investigate promptly urge you to if Weyou to of races. were sacrificed maidens If you beautiful remnants Natural Gas at your Company.

three offers of these take advantage

Natural Gas the deities. It is said that when After visiting this great city of you can secure now,

Refrigeration, and Cooking, Water some great favor was desired the Chichen Itza we must reconstruct expenditure for Heating an immediate of only $15 down, and enjoy the cleannatives would dress a maiden in our ideas of the aborigines of happiness liness, health comfort, and if ideas these least to a take her costly jewelry and into will service bring Natural Gas America—at your home. well. obthe only been formed over by platform have From

Natural Gas Remember, when of the Indian of the about servation this she be dropped refrigeration, all would iswaterused cooking, for heatingLESS THANand homeUNDERheating,ANYit OTHERCOSTS seventy feet into the water, which north land. We must recognize

Call at your PLAN. Natural Gas itself is about seventy feet deep. that in ages past great nations rose

details. for today Company

This well, or cenote of sacrifice, is and flourished and they erected a natural hole in the limestone structures that are marvels even in about 180 feet in diameter. As the modern world. All of these

we go over to the well and look things have a special fascination down into it we can imagine someto us who are interested in Book thing of the scenes of that bygone of Mormon lands.

day.

Modern dredgings have taken from the well a great quantity "Remember, O Lord, thy tender of jewelry which was doubtless mercies and thy loving kindThe Ideal Fuel part of the ornaments used in these ness;

sacrificial ceremonies. In this same For they have been ever of old.

a sins number the not of Remember of my transgresof these UTAH GAS & COKE CO. vicinityother naturalwe visitedwells; some youth, nor my

OGDEN GAS CO. are at present used as sources of sions:

WASATCH GAS CO. wellswater.seemsThe depthto remainto waterat aboutin thesethe Accordingber thouto me."thy mercy rememsame level throughout the year.—Psalm.

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 507 4Here Comes the Bride"Continuedpage from475 i fl Opportunity Your unnecessary prenuptial entertainand family is well and friends, meaning EXCEL-CIS OF SCHOOL ments. Great rounds of for a part the most gesture. wasted In BEAUTY CULTURE parties—gas221-223 South Temple feats ice West of salads tronomical cream and

i first the place each generation Salt City, face Lake Utah must start a to bride married cause efficient teachers—often most The different conditions, the and in second life case indigestion a Latest equipment, of with convenievery and bad and

frazzled nerves. Why go to such explace youth insists on acquiring its ence for25%theReductionadvancementon Tuitionof students.

paid after the on Commissions work right bride to the tremes? has The experience. own Training for marfourth month

deher give to wishes expression and in States 45 Centers riage begin birth. at must last Any

situsires, the she control should IN and THE SCHOOL THE ONLY WEST little. moment avails grooming LICENSED HAVING But A friends ation. intimate her most Only ELECTROLYSIS given the right of superfluous hair, with (Removing warts in her, then entertain for should and premise—and moles) and circumstances, to a suited her a pattern manner the ideal of in further for before information Coupon, her the Fill

, convenience. time, her and her

are brides putting "thumbs girl of today can be trusted to work NameAddress Many "Showers"—anddown"on the presentrightlyvogueso. of"Kitchengiving out her own problems.

showers"have been very popular. But

why should a bride want her friends to furnish her kitchen? To most

brides, a kitchen is, for a time at least, her laboratory, experimental and she should of equipping have the joy it - - - - herself according to her needs and her Announcing tastes. Intimate friends enjoy adding

a gift to the Bridal Trousseau something they know the bride needs and will enjoy, and if they wish to join toSUMMER TRAINING gether and make the giving an event by calling it a "shower"well and Classes Begin June 6 good. But the present mode of giving

"showers"to which mere acquaintPECIAL summer courses in business training will be forcing thereby are bidden, ances a gift offered by L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE this year, otherwise not one from who would have given, is in very bad taste. Gifts S for ambitious young people in the following groups

entail obligations and no bride should begin her married life laden with gifts High School Graduates. Finishing courses with the assistand accepted courtesies that she cannot ance of our Employment Department for those who have

hope to return. taken commercial subjects in high school. Regular complete business courses for those who wish to begin in June

Intensive course for those September. rather than summer. The Bridal Trousseau

in or university college planning the fall. to attend

/GENERALLY speaking a bride should have enough clothing to College Students and Graduates. Business training will

education. value"Subjects to your college give "market last first the her throughout year.—It training to coordinate with previous arranged and be is impossible to state just many will how

articles her wardrobe should contain, plans for the future.

because so many things must be taken into consideration. The amount of Teachers from Unemployed

rural and People. Young has to she and bothmoney spend—how schools. are city is to live, Many who shewhere her husband's and You'll Enjoy Your

position. However, no matter where Business trainnow staying at

she may live a few good things made ing will give Training at L. D. S. home or not

of beautiful material are in better taste you earning Business College. Cool, satisfactorilythan a number of cheaper things which power during employed can

will soon grow shabby. summer vacacomfortable classbegin their

Hope chests are no longer the mode. tions, or prepreparation for

Styles in household furnishings change pare you for a rooms are provided. business e m-

girltoo often to do for the modern this business ployment before accumulating the daymuch is career. summer.

set. She should plan, however, on a

small savings account with which to buy her linen, when the need comes, For complete information write, phone or call at our office.

.as the oldfashioned idea of the bride

supplying the household linen is still followed.

Advice to,the Bride LD.S. Business College

*"pHE socalled "homely advice"that is usually offered the bride by her 508 The Improvement Era for June, 1932

NEW EVIDENCE FOR THE 4iGodmotherContinuedpage from471

BOOK OF MORMON Is given in the New Book, entitled After frantic hours he slept future Mrs. Andrew Wickenham

aTHE MYSTERY OF THE AGES'again, too weary even to cry for than the earnest rites that would

It the explains connection beonly (long sobs Mark, with to prove she was engaged.

the Great tween Pyramid of Egypt the regularity breathof his of break the and Pyramids Peoples and

America, Ancient proving the latof ter's knowledge the Messiah and ing.

their use of Horses Elephants. arranged a limpid and her knees beside Rachel was on OHE Diagram Shows shining the waves Dates her bed, imploring, begreen hat over own white explains Calendar. and Mayanof prophetic

Printed in English or German, seeching; groping for the unfaof her hair, and allowed him to

Postpaid 35c Sold ly Deseret Book Co. and miliar words of prayer in which to place her coat about her shoulders,

PYRAMID PRESS couch her plea. Then she went to kissing him twice rather absently.

East, Salt 609 S. 2nd Lake City he for orchid the green She reached over her bed and, with a pillow

of Publishers "The Last her for that noon, and Days,"cheek, until bought had quite wept of it was the Seals,""Opening Seven "John Stucki, Handcart Pioneer,"morning without once wondering just then realized that she was on etc.

why she was weeping. her way to their betrothal dinner,

and that after she had once let him slip the diamond on her finger, it finished her work busitroublesome a very be would afterthe next for REAL at the officeOHEearly to him. ness to give it back

noon. She wanted to hurry back She was quite certain that she ECONOMY"to Victor. She wanted to load her did not want to marry anyone else,

all the she things arms with knew short of a little but she was his love, PAINT YOUR could never and buy to put certain that she wanted marry HOME her fingers through his curls very at all. She knew that she wasbeingnot

gently, when he was sleeping and entirely the same Rachel she had

Iris stared at had her solemnly that; she whether but before

table. BENNETTS wouldover not know it was she. been the year before, and the year the breakfast Was it to changing, or wanted to go on

Victor's illness that had brought revert elegantly to her recent self, that wide and saddened look to she could not at once decide. 'Property her haunting eyes—or had she, Unable to think of anything

too, seen she sped, Rachel as warm original a splitting headthan more little sheltered, their past "Mm and fortuache, Jtoirance, (which was probably band? nate, for headaches, unlike most

Victor had wakened feverish myths, may not be disbelieved by and hoarse. A doctor had been wellbred people), and promising

Paint Products summoned, but, Rachel had not faithfully to sleep ten hours and been there for his arrival. Now stay home tomorrow if necessary, Pure Paint—Gloss Interior

she faster to fly wanted than at to save evening wings but tomorrow Enamel Finish—Quick could to carry her get jo him again. costs, able to all other she was against all surfaces Protect cab Another be a real would exescape at last. the ravages of time travagance, but she decided to take

BENNETT GLASS & it.

PAINT COMPANY Before she had.risen for her hat, \JN the way home, she

6165 W. First South Andrew came in. He wore his decided to acknowledge squarely to

love for her selfconsciously, all herself that marrying Andrew at

Dealers Utah, SouthThroughout States over his face. once would finally annihilate the and Neighboring ern Idaho

"I've a surprise for you, Sweetlast fragments of what had lately heart,"he said. "I'm sure you come to feel very much like herself,

to her build and would on new will pleased."be BE INDEPENDENT require the which members would

it Other Vocation So Profitable! told No is, Rachel what I know selfconscious balance same and

it's herself, a staggering ENROLL diamond, NOW as continuous a false adjustment Course at the a Complete For a rhapsodic betrothal and dinner nose. to also acknowledge, She had

lasting hours hours. and

at that refusing however, Andrew of Culture School BeautyQuish "Tonight, Andrew? Might we like fine once a be kicking would

in the The Best West possibly it until save tomorrow feet; ladder her beneath and from 304-9 Bldg. Ezra Thompson I night? just ready to leave."was false nose, that a look any you way CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH\<*> it, is like looks, all. at better Rachel, at thought nose He than no Further Information For

archbishop asked has an been who *. ill, Call Catalog still and Victor shockingly wasX"""

"* - or a 7560 seat to take gallery Wasatch in church. % -... his across vermilion smears with **,

Fill in This %. s. at flitting, length that a dull, glazed, She found he cheeks and """-.. Coupon s,.

N. could not and would not wait, glance. Toward nightfall he bewithout being forcibly convinced gan to whimper and then to cry.

that anything could possibly be "I want the little houses. Go

more important in the life of the get the little houses!"

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 509

"He's been asking for them all 04 @e@@s day,"said Mrs. Blue. "I wish Mr. We Make Loveliness Lovelier

Mark would come."GO TO

is it he wants?""What deMITCHELL'S "If Rachel.manded you know

what it is, let me get it for him at BEAUTY SHOPPE once."For a Permanent Wave That You Will

Like—From little houses Mark's "It's Mr.

supplies wave guarindownstairs room. But Onlyanteed,best his work and pricesused—Every$3.00includeto shampoo$6.50 and

and additional shampoo wave—An

Waves, $4.00 with Permanenthe keeps the jdoor locked when he's fingerfinger wave

away, so J couldn't get in, even if and over.

I felt I should without his giving FINGER35c ShortWAVING—50cHair Dried, Long25c NotHairDriedDried

permission."MARCELLING 50c

"Bother permission!"Rachel MedicalCallArtsWas.Bldg.,10316 Saltfor AppointmentLake City, Utah

cried, plaintive as Victor's wail to you come When Salt Lake, plan to make SALT LAKE CITY headquarters. your place if I our get in again. "I'llsoared out

have to kick the door down!"

She dashed down the stairs and out into the cool, sharp dusk. The

basement door was locked but she found a window that could be opened. Several fingernails werebruised and broken, and every hairNo More Shaving!

pin gone before she had scrambled /& under the briery vines and dropped to the floor inside. Cobwebs clung to her cheeks and neck, but No Razor!

the gesture that brushed them aside was an unthinking one. Blinking and groping she found a light and j No Soap! moved to the corner where the

little shop had been.

In spite of the urgency behind her headlong trip, Rachel stood transfixed |for many minutes before the thing she saw, without a single 1. EXPECTATION! thought or definite emotion—only

a wellingup inside of her formless self, a solemnity and an testacy.

2. APPLICATION!

the little -*- the beard is off themhouses—a whole1 HEREcitywereof

fashioned of plaster and wood and without pebbles, in colors jmusic. quiet of 2-and

startling, stirringThey had #B using a razor ""'Tr L,,,i T7,e as beauty could y e s humansuch 3. REALIZATION!

scarcely comprehend. Set in groves

and gardens, along little streets that might lead,anywhere, they offered Sensational Discovery shining proof of all the things that NOW MAKES SHAVING UNNECESSARY!

disenchanted hearts deny. slickest, quickest of Think "and U *\ W LT WTW ever closest you "shave"and it—thesmoothest A TTfc/ llL k| reached Rachel /m out her hand, I—I so face a razor! using A M but had—without M JLjL kJ MK.LjL. such never you cries smooth you had Victor's knew even could not make

her touch a single wall. softuse skin!this delightfulInstead of discoveryshaving everytwo dayor Triplne FAf.TAT,AIAIj ITHAlllATTt ttemOVCrRpmnvpr

It was for Mark, who came in threewhiskerstimesoff a slightly,week. Itbelow"breaks"the skinthe The only hair remover applied swiftly and

then, casually to select two or three surface.while a razrYou justcuts cannotthem offbelieveaboveit thetill easilyinstructions.with a brush.$1.00 packageJust followlasts thefromsimpleone

and start away with them. you try it for yourself. to two months.

"Stop, Mark, a minute, please, Silver Medal. Endorsed by authorities abroad and United States

Tell me what they are. And how PERFECTLY HARMLESS

did they come here?"INTERNATIONAL TRADE SERVICE,

"Why, I made them."he inPlease11 Westsend42nda largeStreet,boxNewof "SHAVIX"York, N. Y.,andDept.a special666 fibre brush. I enclose $1 (or will

formed her vaguely. "Sort of a pay $1.20 on delivery). "SHAVIX"is fully guaranteed.

contest for ja model town. It's Name almost finished now."

So this was how he had been Address SPECIAL OFFER TO AGENTSspending his "leisure time!"He

510 The Improvement Era for June, 1932

must have devoted months, per- "But I don't want to move back haps years, to the arduous and right now,"she heard herself probeautiful labor! Now, with sure testing. at prescience, Rachel knew the glory "I'm sorry, I thought youSWIM they would later bring to Mark. would. In fact, your tenants are

She remained unmoving while moving, and I've not tried to let BECKS he went away to take the little the place again."

houses to Victor. should up he Stupidly, She hoped you?""Why Hot Springs

she could think of would nothing come it was back. When

By State Test the Cleanest quite clear that he did not mean to, and he did not reply. to say,

and Purest water in the she darkened the room and slowly His words, then, had held no

West. i walked upstairs. lovely meaning for her. Idiotic to

FOR "You'll win, of course,"she have imagined for a moment that

DANCING PARTIES told him later, after she had made they had! She could smile, now,

CALL WAS. 6456 j him outline all the smallest points at her romantic foolishness, but she

of this dream he had been working could not stem ia flooding sense of on so Jong. loss.

Victor was sleeping overhead, the little houses close beside him 1 HE firelight shone on a table. warmly red alike upon them both.

"If I do,"said Mark's low, ringRachel wanted to prolong this ing voice, "we'll be an adequately curiously painful hour for an inwealthy family."definite space. Her roving eyes

Why did this misty veil smart caught the gaudy flash of (a tall in her eyes? Was she included in geranium flower. She had despised

that startling word? Was his forthis weakness Mrs. Blue had

giveness won as easily as that? And shown (for potted plants in all the if it was—? windows. Now she wanted, for a

She thought in a panic, if he moment only, to lay her cheek should ask me to marry him now, against those mocking petals, re-

I'd be likely to say yes. I mustn't gardless of their laughter. She

let him. i wanted to walk ihumbly through

Yet the thought suffused her all the rooms and beg p secret parwith a warmth and sweetness, and don of all that they contained.

she dared to let it linger. Her home no longer!

"I'm in the most amazing mood RACHEL turned her tonight,""It willshepass;jsaid.you've been exface to him, unable now to speak. cited,",his reply came almost reWhether it's a big job or a little She knew that both b.er smooth assuringly.

one, you'll get the best service white cheeks were smeared with "Let's celebrate it while it's and the best work in our big, dirt, and that her loosened hair here."

modern commercial printing tumbled untidily all over her head. "How?"

her eyes too, that she knew, But,talk,"Rachel. "Let's suggested

plant. Ask our representative fwere they very like be must for haven't so long."six "We

to quote on your next job. years ago, and she turned her face "Let's do,"he acquiesced with

up to him until he met her gaze. ready politeness. "What about?"

She was aware that he was the "I've behaved abominably this

Business and Personal Stationery only person she had ever known year, Mark. I'd love to have you

tell squarely, at look me, if you could, that I might whom she could

Business Forms... Hand Bills an forgiven."continuously, without inane be

Booklets... all kinds of binding need to laugh or speak or even "You've had a difficult year, my

Wedding Stationery alter the expression of her eyes. dear, completely out of your eleHis left elbow was thrown across ment. And of course there's not

the mantel. She noted the familiar the slightest,call for me to forgive

pattern of the old gray tweed, and anything."

saw that he was idly twisting "Perhaps I've been out of my

bare cuff. She was unreasonably begun to find it. I've changed. The Dcscret threads from its somewhat threadelement, Mark, and maybe I've just glad to recognize the suit and the Do you think I could somehow

senseless gesture., It made her feel change jenough to be really like one News Press companionably walled in. of you all?",

29 Richards Street "You can move back home now "Don't try. It would be sure

Salt Lake City, Utah if you like, Ray,"he informed her to bring down the wrath of that surprisingly. "Dorothy will be fairy godmother you told me of

back next month, and Mrs. Blue one day. Once you've cast your

has agreed to take charge until lot with her, she'll own you all then."your life.".

The Improvement Era for June, 1932 511

He did not love her! He did

not love her! And now she knew

in terror how greatly she lovedhim! EXTRA ASURE "She won't! She can't! I've In Grain—In Value

given her up. She was cheating

me all along. She's—she's an old

witch in disguise, Mark, and I've found her out at last. She locked

me up within myself as if I were a jail! I want to be free—to give

withwith all my heart—to love."out a thought of self—

"I think you will never love anyone very deeply,"he said, in his incomparably stirring voice.

"You've guessed that love is a flame that eats you alive, and your admiration for ordered surfaces is far THE OLIVER RED RIVER SPECIAL greater curiosity as to than any Famous With: The 4 Threshermen—the be in thewhat might found emBeater, and Winged the Beating Shakers—Big Cylinder,the greatestthe MancombinationBehind theof machineryGun, the Steelever

bers."devised for getting the grain from the straw.

R..ACHEL was on her HartHyattSpecialRoller BearingsFeeders andat everyGrainMainWeighers.Bearing Point.

feet, a strange, dishevelled figure, Weatherproof Fiber Pulleys on every high speed drive.

blazing, beseeching. "Mark! Are Bridge Truss Construction—AlemiteZerk Lubrication.

going toyou grovel on make me I New Balance—New Smoothness—New knees? you Are inhuman?my

tell you I don't want those shining Freedom From Vibration surfaces! There's nothing underEach year, as the Red River Special has been improved and refined, it has been worked

find to perfection. big, the closer with the machine heavy, you accurately balanced to liveneath. and feel I want and

is its thresher startling the in that setting cylinder smooth operation freedom and Today,pace—asuffer the rest of you! with I want its its life. in that threshing in is quick long vibration, and from

to learn to pray again. I want to

be a person children love. Mark, See Your Oliver Dealer

tell me, don't you think I might See your Oliver Dealer, or check the coupon below for the size or little Denny model of the machinery that interests you.get back again to—to

Moore's Rachel? Do you think

Victor could ever come to want me near him that way?"

"It would take a long time, dear.You've so much to undo. And so OLIVER

to sacrifice. youmuch Are quite Check opposite in the square the tool you—sure that a passing this is hot address—clip to the coupon send and STATESfill in yourIMPLEMENTname and thatMOUNTAINinterests

mood?"CO., Ogden, Utah.

"Oh, so sure, Mark! And you

must help me, show me how! Can Name

you forget all.that's happened, and

go on being my friend?"

"Forget? I want to remember, R. D. City. State.

always. I glory in you, dear!"

He drew her to him gently, al- =s=gsS5iEj) most reverently. Then, all the

words he'd left unspoken for so long, Mark said to her that night.

End Threshers Combines 22 x 36 Q 28 x 46 Model A 10 ft. cut

32 x 56 ModeModelI DB 11 26 ft.ft. cutcut

Rice Bean Mode IF 20 ft. cut

OneWay Disc Plow Fallovator Row Crop Tractor Hay Tools

Delivery Rake Side Tractor Equipment D Plows Crop Row D Dump Rake Q Sulky 5 Tractor Base 1828 4 D

Loader Base 2844 Tractor 3 Base 2 Base D

Mower Big Tractor Base Orchard IE-6

"Reading maketh a full man; conference a ready man; and writing an exact man. And

thetefore, if a man write little, he had need have a great memory; if he confer little, he had

need have a great wit; and if he read little, he had need have much cunning, to seem to know that he doth not."—Francis Bacon. (15 611626)

Criticism By permission we are printing a few lines of Thanksgiving material should be coming in now; Christmas

criticism from Stolworthy of England. These material during the next few months.

lines were aimed at a poem, "A (British War Cemetery in

France,"by John R. Talmage. We print them because they

may prove helpful to struggling poets. "Eternal Bleep""Under the heading 'Transferred'you

"I have never met you,"the letter reads, "but have heard record the death of young Elder Mervin of you and was interested in your poem of the Era for A. Proctor,"a subscriber writes, "and then go on to say

January. Do not mind if I write patronizingly? The habit that his body "will be left on the islands to rest in eternal

is on me, and I cannot help it. Take heart from the slumber."In a sense, that word "eternal"was not a good

response your poem brings and know my opinion of the word to use in that place, we admit. We believe in the

is in the not high. of poetry Era runusual resurrection—certainly

I admit, was the same until of you, must opinion "My

I that experienced stanzas. the last had notI read two iffissue of the Era is about ready to... the Motion Pictures <\s this promise in in the Era. There before waspoetry

lifts to press, the old go problem same fields of across the flying south birds of Englandpicture of editors: at the a face material; its head and makes too much for. died they land dead the to the singingFrance and

There was, if it were original, the germ of a poem which what do you want left out? It can't be the last part of a

in mature hands would grow to merit the anthologies. serial; since Flag Day comes in June the flag article must

is in; in for "Greatness watched everywhere; go Men"their poets) always view cannot They (young "...

stories to patience the repay of few must go those who leta be to a minute, see what for just may impersonallyworks wrong with them. And the 'dogs'they try their poems us use May fiction space for Missionary material. That see—"Glancing which can rest until Through,"tails are more their andon leaves—let's wag really interested—because, can wait. Fall; and the Movie Page, which the love not, them.likely they than Not the poems, but

poets. That is a real difficulty. But since there is a little space in the back, why not talk

"... I do not need to tell you that most poems by movies over here? There was a ballot sheet in last month's

beginners lack polish, the variety of polishing off that is Era, you may remember, and the early returns indicate a done with a knife. But I am going to suggest that you lop wide and varied taste in picture entertainment. The public

off all but the last two verses in your poem."enjoys different types of pictures, but whatever the type, it

Some trite expressions the critic pointed out: "Row on must be well done. Whether it is mystery, romance, comedy

row,""mute eloquence,""verdant turf,""England's isle,"or tragedy, the story must be well written and interpreted "valiant feons,""England's vast domains".... Here are in a believable way.

a few archaic forms not in good favor today: "o'er,""Aye,"Reviews of Current Films

"e'er.""olden,""abounds,""Ye,"a

tautology bad case of "One is: 'and did die.'Your ear raceCountyin spiteFair:of Family.crookednessA Kentuckyand treachery.thoroughbredWell directed,wins

War's 'future world wrote: from you whenwas asleep

this sound,'when and you stumbledharsh how came, colorfulvalue for picture,all. with fine humor and high entertainment

deep.'mystery subtle of That'Altered power by somehow, Adults. of the Adults World: Beginning and Cry Young

fill line. the out tacked Now,deep on was anyway—to scenes Price a prologue showing Glory,"with from "What

is I sincerely idea the that that your think to sayexcept political the picture factors presents this led to the have which

I quit.'I die, 'If will should Brooke's, ofequal Rupert It is interesting, instructive situation of today. economic and

I recover. will patient patient the deep; cut hope have "I children. impressive. for and mature Too

criticize give to will, to and more poems I think me you False sends a Again: Destry testimony Rides Family.

admire."young Westerner to prison, but a pardon by the Governor

i i i gives him a chance to clear himself and bring the perjurers intelligence justice. riding the horse, to of the Fine and finds in our the Every Era Introduced monthLeaders

a picture. good very Tony, make appreciative are very people home who

Scenes Adults. breathtaking of Adults and Young Gow: article to in its contents. "Greatness seemsof Men"The

rituals the strange of beauty, the of hunters head views of authorities the of Church to the us weintroduce whom thrills. Pacific entertainment, furnish education western and personally."never meetmight

village, is Igaloo: in this Family. Filmed an Eskimo Stirland. G. Rulon

life the thrilling picture a people the the of of north. of

f f f Miss Pinkerton: Adults and Young Adults. This picture

Reno, Nevada. offers good entertainment because of its welldeveloped mysPrompt Service Appreciated Today in the mail came three tery and direction. Excellent characterizations by entire cast.

back numbers of the Era in Night Court: Adults and Young Adults. Night Court

immediate response to our request 'for copies we missed due is a tense, gripping drama of corruption in the courts, and to absence from our Reno address. May we take this oppor- a powerful plea for cleaning up police departments. A

merit. of production service unusual to for the prompttunity express appreciation—both

: Successful Calamity conAdults and Young Adults. George splendidly works interesting and inspirationaland the

tained between the covers of our own publication? The Arliss comes again in a delightful picture which is distincover designs come in for their share of praise, too. Especially guished through the artistry of the cast, director and producer.

his test his financial of failure wealth announces to man theappealing was it. is sincere children. in places, sunset on Utah Lake—a* breath and spirit Awife.. and grown Amusing of "Home".

Sincerely, and believable.

Mr. and Mrs. Reed Hacking. Symphony of Six Million: Family. A young surgeon

Certainly, Mr. and Mrs. Hacking, you may tell us nice turns from his practice among the poor to the rich. Unthings about the magazine. happiness follows until a childhood sweetheart is the means

of taking him back to the work he loves. Full of human

i i i interest, well directed and well acted.

Adults. America: contimely Young Adults and YoungTimely Material Those who submit A material—mafinally story of a misunderstood during a vincing to appear comes ought terial which boy who

it attention the judge. understanding in the of an Era under story have certain Improvement The

office well presented, three the impression and is good as month—shouldearly as possible, and ahead of the month worthis most months

in which it should appear, if that is practicable. For instance, whi'e.

.

. You enjoy the invigoration offresh air

Give your car the benefits of

FRESH GASOLINE

Once again Pep 88 offers you upTherefore, the sooner you get gasoto-theminute advantages. Every galline after it is refined, the better.

lon you buy is fresh! Pep 88 comes to your service station

What does freshness mean in gasodays sooner than any gasoline not line? Just this: made in this region. It is that much

Fullstrength... no loss of "snap"fresher. The nearness of our refinery

and "go"... highest possible effimakes it possible for you to have the

ciency in your motor! freshest gasoline on the market when

And this is why: Gasoline is a highyou buy Pep 88.

ly volatile substance. It evaporates If you are not now using Pep 88,

rapidly. If allowed to stand, it quickjust try it. Give your car the benely loses much of its important vitality. fits of a really fresh gasoline.

The FRESH, FULLSTRENGTH Gasoline

Manufactured and Guaranteed by

Utah Oil Refining Company On the Air... KSL, every Thursday evening at 8:15, a carefree program

of variety music. KDYL, every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday evening

at 7:15, Rajput, Hindu Secret Service Agent.

Events To Love, To Honor and Protect

JLove comes as one of nature's gifts. Honor follows in the footsteps of devotion.

Protection is inspired by affection, but must be applied by effort. Beneficial

Life Insurance is the essential element for complete protection. IfThe

three constitute wedded bliss, which continues only when your house is in order. The great venture, along the path of life, should be

well planned in advance, to assure a successful journey of happiness. flToday's financial conditions have proved

that one must prepare for the future. It has also

shown that Life Insurance alone has maintained a value of 100 cents on the dollar and payable "right now."flEvery Beneficial Policyholder has an interest in the company

and shares in the net earnings each year. That's why Beneficial

Life Insurance Is Better.

EeaJMU BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO DIRECTORS HOME OFFICE: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH DIRECTORS

J. J. Vice President 2nd CANNON, HEBER PRESIDENT GRANT.

A. B. 1VINS. A. W. OHLSON, SECRETARY 1st Vice President GeneralE. T. RALPHSManager GEO. B. F. F. JOS. GRANTC. SMITH

DAVID O. MCKAY