Joseph Smith Monument on Temple Square

DECEMBER 1955 o.. 89EAL HOMEMMBE OOODNESS

Flaky little holiday cookies wearing a "sugaryour holiday bakings. For 103 years now Sperry

plum"cap. Wonderful eating. Wonderful gift to has been the standby of good cooks in the west.

mail. And real easy to make. Just follow the No other flour can say this. Sold with a double

recipe next to the bag of Sperry Drifted Snow—your money back guarantee. Tested recipes and

the flour that gives you extra lightness with all Queen Bess pattern silverware coupon in bag.

HOW TO MAKE ANGEL THUMBPRINT COOKIES

All measurements are level. Sift flour before measuring.

Vi cup soft butter Va cup shortening Vz cup brown sugar (packed) 2 egg yolks Vi teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon vanilla $V\

Vi teaspoon almond 2 cups sifted Sperry Drifted Snow Flour 2 egg whites, unbeaten 1 cup finely chopped nuts, jelly or jam

Beat butter, sugar, egg yolks, salt and flavorings together until fluffy. Add

sifted flour and mix to moderately stiff dough. Using level tablespoonful

dough for each cooky, roll dough between palms of hands into small balls about 1 inch diameter. Dip the balls into unbeaten egg white and roll in the

chopped nuts. Place about 2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheets. Using

thumb make a depression in center of each ball. Fill with jam or jelly. Bake in

moderately slow oven, 325, for 20 to 25 minutes. Cool thoroughly before

storing. Makes 2'/i to 3 dozen cookies. Other fine products

by SPERRY-a name "HOMEPERFECTED'ENRICHED famous in the West

VRIFKD S/t/OtfFLOM-M fy fk iM'sUnpdfU Mika - GENERAL MIUS [Spmf 0/>mw) for 5 generations.

J by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

JF. measuredJ. Schmidt,and ofdescribedAthens, 32,856in 34 yearscraters on the moon, resulting in a map

75 inches in diameter, published in 1878.

The whole moon, of which only 59 percent is visible, must have about 60,000 craters visible in small telescopes.

The enzyme pepsin which aids digestion in the stomach is so effective that a pound of it would digest 30 tons of meat in a couple of hours or clot a million gallons of milk in a few minutes.

Poultry feed (some 29,500,000 tons yearly) accounts for 60 percent of all prepared feeds manufactured in the

United States.

Sugar has been combined with fat to produce a new class of detergents.

These sugaresters should have a wide range of applications.

Pofessor Arthur D. Hasler and James

A. Larsen of the University of Wisconsin have studied the fascinating

problem of how salmon can detect the stream of birth and return to it to spawn from the ocean. They have

found that each stream has its own characteristic odor and that salmon respond to these odors; also, that they

remember odors to which they have been conditioned. An elaborate Canadian

study on the Fraser River found that 11,000 of 469,326 young sockeye salmon returned to the same parent stream after migration to the ocean and back.

None was found in another stream.

The extremely sensitive fish sense of smell literally enables it to smell its way home.

The glacial period in earth's history found most of the ice in the New

World. The area of land covered in

the Western Hemisphere was about twice as great and the volume of ice three to five times as great as in the

Eastern Hemisphere. These great

masses of ice have been estimated to be 9,000 feet average thickness in North

America and 5,000 feet in northern

Europe. PURITY BISCUIT CO. SALT LAKE PHOENIX POCATELLO

DECEMBER 1955 881..

This Christmas,

. give LDS Books

2. TO LOVE AND TO CHERISH

By Emma Man Petersen A moving account of. the heart break and sorrow caused by flaunting the sacred ties of marriage. Told by a master story teller, "To Love

and To Cherish"Unfolds the absorbing drama of the terrible price one man paid and the hollow rewards he won when he set aside his family and marriage vows The warm, inspirational counsel stimulates a desire "to love and to cherish"the marriage covenant. $2j00

3. IT'S YOUR LIFE TO ENJOY

By Wendell J Ashton These 52 articles from the covers of the Instructor Magazine are filled with drama, anecdotes, exciting experiences and sound philosophy

Rare entertainment. $2.50

4. GOLDEN NUGGETS FROM THE NEW TESTAMENT

By Ezra L. Marler

No brighter gift than these rare gems of wisdom and truth from the New

Testament Inspirational. Uplifting. $2.25

I WERE MY TEENS An idoal gift for teenagers to help them chart their lives. Written in retrospect by brilliant leaders of youth, this Improvement Efo series sparkles with

wonderful stories and downto-earth advice and encouragement. $2.00

6. STORY OF THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

By James R Clark Twenty years in the writing, this important work is one of the recommended courses of study for Special Interest classes Tremendously interesting and complete. $3.00

BOOKCRAFT - Publishers to the L. D. S. Trade

882 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the richest, least

. expensive gift of all

7. DOCTRINES OF SALVATION, VOL. II 13. COMMENTARY ON THE BOOK OF MORMON

Sermons and writings of Joseph Fielding Smith. By George Reynolds and Janne M. Sjodahl

R. Bruce McConkie by Compiled This volume, monumental with a verse by verse explanation,

scriptorians of the disChurch foremost the authoritative of long felt need for an commentary. rareWith <tcfillsr\f\a

marriage, the celestial degrees of concerning facts little cusses insight,known one glory, salvation for the dead, the resurrection and exaltation. Answers

many disputed doctrinal questions. $3.00

8. FROM THE CROSSROADS By Richard L. Evans

HereRichardis theL. latestEvans inona popularthe worldfamousseries of choiceTabernaclesermonetteschoir deliveredbroadcasts.by | 14. DELUXE

BINDERS RECORD $2.75 I Three gold designs: embossed By Rulon S Howells 9. HIS MANSIONS MANY coat arms, of or Salt

into reference insight ProvidesHere work. valuable the teachings Lake Temple. Iof Christian very scroll $5.00 the the popular comparative Churches. Contains is manya

chart of ten Christian denominations on 23 important doctrinal questions.

$2.25 lis. TEMPLE BINDERS

in black, Embossed gold on 10. Skouse'n Cleon FIRST THE 2000 YEARS By W or white. brown, Specify temlibrary. for ForHere every the first must time a single volume Salt Lake, Arizona, Idaho,

all are presented the the concerning is knowna drama sweepingin of ple:California, or Logan. $3.00the to the of time days of Abraham. Adamfacts $3.25

11. FOR TIME OR ETERNITY? By Mark E. Petersen

This tremendously popular story carries the reader through romance, courtship and heartache as it creates an awareness for the necessity of temple marriage. $2.00 r BOOKCRAFT Dec. 1955

12. BIBLE STORIES FOR YOUNG LATTER DAY SAINTS 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah By Marr Petersen Emma

willChildren of all ages long these stories remember true, exciting from I 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15the Bible stories will which appreciation enhance of the Gospel.

$3.00 i for which I enclose check ( ) or money order ( ).

Name.,

Address I

I 1Bookcraft186 South Main Salt Lake City Utah City State..J

DECEMBER 1955 883

\Jj facial LJraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF

EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jhe Church of

/jeiu.6 Christ

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT

Research Editor: ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

Editor: Manuscript ALLIE HOWE

- Editors: F. BENNETT ARCHIBALD DURHAM G. HOMER- - NIBLEY HARRIS, FRANKLINContributing MILTON R. HUNTER HUGH Jhe dover

- B. SIDNEY B. SPERRY LEE A. PALMERS. CLAUDEJR. -PETERSEN General Associate Manager:- Manager: R. CURTIS S. REEDER ELBERT BERTHA

Advertising Director: VERL

Subscription Director: A. GLENF. SCOTTSNARR theTosesquicentennialhonor the ProphetmonthJosephof hisSmithbirth,in

we present this reproduction of a natural color photograph of Mahonri Young's statue of the Prophet on Temple Square.

Appropriately, the statue of the Angel

The Editor's Page Moroni, who directed Joseph to the gold plates from which he translated the Book

Peace and Goodwill President David O. McKay 893 of Mormon, adorns the temple spire in

the background. Photograph by Hal

i l Rumel studios.

Church Features Your Question—Satan's Power to Perform Miracles

Joseph Fielding Smith 894 The Prophet Joseph Smith Joseph Fielding Smith 896 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

Street 50 North Main The Way of the Church—The Apocalyptic Background—II

St. Offices, 50 Main North

Offices, 40 North Hugh Nibley 902 Y.M.M.I.A.Y.W.M.I.A. Main

An Expression of Gratitude David O. McKay 909 Salt Lake City 1, Utah St.

Richards Ministry Stephen Needed: L A Converted Funds, Inc., and 1955 Mutual by 912 Copyright

AssoClark, Improvement Jr. 915 Christ"the Mutual published by "... by the Name of Jesus J. Reuben

Report from the Far East Missions Joseph Fielding Smith 917 terdayciations ofSaints.the ChurchAll rightsof Jesusreserved.Christ of SubLat-

General Conference Section 909 scriptionforeign subscriptions,price, $2.50$3.00a year,a year, inin advanceadvance;

single copy..887 Index Presiding Bishopric's Page 978 25c Conference General

Office, Salt Lake City, at the Post Entered....888 The Church Moves On for Acceptance matter. secondclass as Utah,

mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act of October 1917, auSpecial Features thorizedThe ImprovementJuly 2, 1918.Era is not responsible for

unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes conbe accomtributions. must All manuscripts

delivery and postage for Archaeology and the Book of Mormon—Part VII....Milton R. Hunter 898 panied by sufficient

Solomon Mack and His Family—Part III Archibald F. Bennett 906 return.

Let's Read this Christmas 908 Change of Address of for change required Square Thirty The Spoken Word from Temple inplease change, a ordering days'Whennotice...Richard of issue recent slip a address from L. Evans 895, 916, 963, 972, 977 address.clude

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Calendar, G. Homer Durham... themademagazine.unless the oldAddressaddresschangesas well ascannotthe newbe

Harris, Jr 881 On the Bookrack 890 one is included.

These Times, The Challenge of the Your Page and Ours 992

Today's Family of Hospitality, UllTree Marion Know Your LDS Cooks—LaFond mark 984 National Advertising Representatives Festive Solomon's

Child's Christmas Manners, Food Fare, Your

Allie Howe 980 Pauline French Stacy 983

COMPANY TOWNSEND EDWARD S.

110 Sutter St.

San Francisco, California ies, Poetry EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

672 Lafayette Park Place Los Angeles 57, California High Adventure—II S. Dilworth Young 900

The Glory of the Tumbleweed Ruth Sporleder 904 SADLER AND342 SANGSTONMadison Ave.ASSOCIATES

17, N. Y. Frontispiece—Snow Pasture, Bertha Christmas Morning, Eva Willes New York

Wilcox Smith 891 Wangsgaard 952 DAVIS & SONS

St. 30 N. LaSalle Poetry Page 892 Moonrise in Winter, Elizabeth A. Illinois Chicago,

Christmas, Elaine V. Hutchison Song at 963

Emans 905 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

884 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA! Start now to buildyour library of the choicest ofLDS books

GIVE YOUR FAMILY A MEMBERSHIP FOR CHRISTMAS!

You Get Every 5th Book FREE

WHEN YOU JOIN THE

LDS Books Club

What Being a Member of the Club Will Mean to You:

1=2*5=I A planned, systematic way of adding reguThe opportunity to obtain older Church books larly to your Church library. which have become classics through the years.

Assurance that the top LDS book will be = Savings of about 20% on all books through offered as soon as possible after it comes a FREE bonus book with each four books purfrom the press. chased.

This Is How Current Selection—

the Plan Works:

1. Join the club by selecting the book (or DOCTRINES OF SALVATION -Vol. II

books) you desire from the ones described on By President Joseph Fielding Smith this page. Fill out the coupon below and mail

is for his unPresident the Church honored Smith throughout your check or money order. (C.O.D.along with

In councils to the of revealed devotion the God. bending word

accepted.)orders His his his respected. of brethren, counsel and sought is always

2. Each month after you become a member teachings are the DOCTRINES OF SALVATION as they have been

you will receive in the mail reviews of several made known by revelation. He is universally esteemed as one

books, with one named as the book of the of the chief doctrinal authorities of the Church.

month. If you wish to receive this top book This secondof-three volumes of his sermons and writings conyou do nothing. It will be sent to you in the tainsof teachingdoctrinalthe andsaintshistoricaland thegemsworlddrawnthe doctrinesfrom his ofhalfcenturysalvation.

mail, along with a statement. If you do not This volume contains a wealth of new and otherwise unavailable

want the book, you return the post card for exposition of many gospel subjects. It fills a need for authoritaan alternate choice (or none at all). tive material on questions that are so often debated in Church

3. After you have selected four books, a groups.

in this headings Chapter include "The Glory,"book of Degrees select the FREE. will sent Youfifth be bonus "Exaltation,""Celestial "Elijah, Marriage,"His SealMission and

choice list of Church desire a from Joseph Fielding Smith youbook ing Life "Spiritual Power,"Death,""Salvation Resurrecand and books which will be provided. tion,"and many others.

4. You need order only four books during This is a book that should be in every LDS library. It sel Is for $3. It is a new book

the year, but you may order one or more each off the press this fall and contains 366 pages.

month, if you desire. If you do not want to mutilate this page, send information required on a separate sheet of paper.

ALTERNATE SELECTIONS

161 East Utopia Avenue, Salt Lake City, Utah1. ByCommentaryGeorge ReynoldsOn The andBookJanneof Mormon—M. Sjodahl S5.00 Gentlemen:LDS BOOKS CLUB,

long felt a volume This monumental Please enroll as of the Club, selecthe current Books me a member and send me LDS fillscommentary authoritative for an need on tion, I II Doctrines of Salvation, Vol. indicated or the alternate that below. I understand verse exVerse by of Mormon. Book The

I will receive a free selections with each four bonus buy. book planation.

2. ByDoctrinesJosephof FieldingSalvation,SmithVol. I—$3.00 Name

to current Book of Month Volume Companion questions. doctrinal Much Address Selection. Answers

material not available from other sources. City and State

3. Bible Stories for Young Latterday Saints—

By Emma Marr Petersen $3.00 Amount of Check or Money Order Enclosed $ Please send C.O.D. G-

Rich, beautiful stories from the Bible. An (Utah residents add 2% sales tax.) (U. S. or possessions only.)

ideal Christmas gift for younger members of the family. Please send Doctrines of Salvation, (If alternate desired, please indicate.)

Vol. II $3.00

President David4. Cherished Experiences—By. Stories Bible For Young=* Latterday'—1'l ofs. tlThe Book $3.00 r\On O. McKay i—J Commentary

Saints $3.00 $5.00 Mormon

Presiof the Faith experiences promoting

I Experiences Vol. Salvation, of Cherished Doctrines $3.00 years of over dent, a period gained many $3.00 G G

in are Church, with shared the service

Church members.

DECEMBER 1955 885 Challenge of the Calendar EASY The by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

STEPS are conscious, in these times, of Moscow. The longrange effects of We many "local"events, all dated for German sovereignty will tend to outtoHome Comfort us by the calendar. By "local"events I weigh both number one and number

mean the political, scientific, cultural, two above, although not immediately or whatnot developments that we have apparent at this time.

talked about during 1955. We are 4. The voluntary resignation of Georgi

aware that the earth has spun 365 times Malenkov as Premier of the Soviet on its axis since last Christmas; that it Union, and the seeming real and formal

has in the same period completed its establishment of government by "comorbit around the sun. But in which mittee"in the USSR as a matter of

direction is the sun moving? What fact—at least for the time being.

was its position 365 days ago, and what 5. Littlenoticed, but strikingly sigkind of Stardust has the earth swept nificant, the mission of Dag Hammarthrough as a consequence since 1954? skjold, SecretaryGeneral of the United

You might try this question on your Nations, to Peiping, capital of Red special interest group as a prelude to China. Indirect fruit, in part, was the

a thoughtful inventory at year's end! later release of some US fliers.

A moment's considera- 6. Russia's diplomatic

tion convinces us that, bridgehead into the Midafter all, we really do dle East and the world of not know what time it Islam, constructed by the is, save as time has been & sale of aircraft and other conceived by man and, t arms to Egypt, threatenreckoned on our planet. iflfj'ing the unity of NATO

That today we have conand breaching the Euraceived it and do reckon sian rimland of nonit in terms of the birth of communist influences so an obscure Child in the painstakingly constructed

Middle East is to admit two additional by the United States since the Truman considerations: First, any evaluation we Doctrine of 1947 (reconstructed, actumake of 1955 events, may not at all ally, on the basis of American influence

represent the real significant happenbuilt during World War II).

ings. Second, the fact that the entire 7. Peron's fall in Argentina, Churchworld today reckons time in terms of ill's retirement in Britain, the GAW

the Christian era is itself a fact which ("Guaranteed Annual Wage") negotiamost of us do not begin to appreciate, tions in the US economy, the opening in terms of its scope and magnitude. of USRed China negotiations, and

|Udge and select With these acknowledgments as to our kindred events all held their place.

home insulation limitations, let us review what seemed (in midOctober) to have been the Scientific Developments what parts of your home outstanding events of 1955. I will rate Ours is the age of science as well as

to insulate first them as I see them, in order of impolitics. In the field of science we can

portance, under a number of headings. note the following:

..how to protect your home 1. The Atomsfor-Peace Conference at

from vapor damage Political Events Geneva, following the Eisenhower-

J 1. The Geneva Conference of July BulganinEden-Faure meetings, which rmodelingTay* 1955, establishing a new basis for negobrought about international exchange

! tiation among the great powers, fixing of models, techniques, and knowhow in

an agreed agenda for a second conthis revolutionary field. Although the:;! ference of foreign ministers at Geneva political meeting was necessarily the

in October 1955, and having worldwide parent, the scientific meeting which Balsam effect on public opinion. followed may well be known, soon, as

2. President Dwight Eisenhower's the more important.

its 2. suggestion 24, with heart attack, September Strauss The by Lewis

of WoolReg. U.S. Pat. Off. repercussions the market on the stock Atomic Energy Commission US

Sealed and Balanced Insulation September 26, 1955, focusing attention that "fusion power"(the peaceable, on the worldwide significance of the controlled aspect of the hydrogen bomb

Distributed by American presidency and the campaign principle) may be within reach, with

MORRISONMERRILL of 3.1956.The Austrian Peace Treaty of May the3. useTheof developmentheavy water. by Bell Teleof scientists battery, reemergence the of phone a solar the West Gerefficient as a nearly eleven (under percent Republic transin Adenauer) & CO. manand

Building Material Distributors sovereign power, marked by Adenauer's forming solar energy into electric curofficial visits to both Washington and (Concluded on page 991) 886 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GENERAL CONFERENCE INDEX

Speakers

Bennion, Adam S 956 McKay, David 909, 966 FAST Benson, Ezra Taft 949 McKay, Thomas E 924... because he s a

947 Morris, 922 George Brown, Hugh B Q 942 937 professional painter Petersen, Buehner, Carl Mark E W

Christiansen, EI Ray L 960 Richards, LeGrand 925

Clark, J. Reuben, Jr 915 Richards, Stephen L. 912

Evans, Richard L. 918 Romney, Marion G 962

Hanks, Marion D 932 Sill, Sterling W 930

Hunter, Milton R 940 Smith, Eldred G. 939

Isaacson, Thorpe B 934 Smith, Joseph Fielding 917

Ivins, Antoine R 954 Sonne, Alma 933

Kimball, Spencer W 944 Stapley, Delbert L 920

Kirkham, Oscar A 966 Wirthlin, Joseph L 929

Lee, Harold B 935 Young, Clifford E 964

Longden, John 927 Young, Levi Edgar 928

McConkie, Bruce R 920 Young, S. Dilworth 948

Sermon Subjects

Atonement 915, 925, 962 Pearl of Great Price 940 -mmm Bible 925 Prophets 926, 927, 933

Book of Mormon 940 Repentance 962 is the word for any paint job done RASTby your professional Painting Contractor.

Brotherhood 917, 918 Restoration 927, 947 He has the tools and equipment that help

Children 948 Resurrection 915 himshortestfinishpossiblean exteriortime. or interior in the

Church 909, 935, 949 Righteousness 966 And your Painting Contractor is near.

Church Growth 909, 929 Sacrifice 960 Heor shrubbery—andcarefully protectswithoutfurnishings,annoyingfloorsfuss

Church Welfare 920 Science 937 or bother.

Confession of Sins 962 Scriptures 940 tifulHisresultslong experiencethat will assuresgive completeyou of beauand

Doctrine and Covenants 940 Service 960 lasting satisfaction.

of reliable For names Painting Contractors,Education 928 Servicemen 917, 932 Fuller call your Paint Dealer.

Eternal Progression 962 Smith, Joseph 926, 927

Europe 909, 918, 924, 944, 949 Tabernacle Choir 909, 918, 949

Fall 915 Temple Work.920False Security 949 Testimony 948 FULLER nuuR

Faith 932, 934, 939, 956 Understanding 918 mints

Far East 917, 932 Unity 939 PAINTS

Gratitude 909 NOTE: Elder Henry D. Moyle of the W. P. Fuller & Co.

Guidance 933 of the Council at present Twelve the was Fuller Now, latex is paint—FULCOLOR—sessions, conference but of the advice on Ghost 912,Holy 948 available for stucco and masonry exteriors!

physicians, did not speak. at speakers The Gives a durable, velvetyflat finish. inFor ChristJesus 915, 930, 935 the priesthood session of were the teriors, members ask your Painting Contractor to use

Joseph Smith 926, 927 First Presidency and two stake presidents, Fuller latex paint... interior fulcolor.

President Thomas W. Muir of Emigration Has no "painty"odor, so you can reoccupy

Missionary Work 912, 922, 942, 944, 964 (Salt Lake City) Stake and President Wil- a room only one hour after he's finished.

Choose favorite your colors paint from the liam Critchlow, Jr., J. of South OgdenMarriage 954 famous Fuller Jewel Case Fullerat your Stake. (Utah) addresses These will be pubPaint Dealer. lished inPioneers 933 the Conference Pamphlet.

DECEMBER 1955 887 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

Events A Day To Day Chronology Of Church

a ft The one hundred twentysixth City) stakes, boundaries of the two

September 1955 V semiannual general conference of stakes were realigned, the two presithe Church opened in the Salt Lake dencies released, the name of East

The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir Tabernacle. Riverside Stake discontinued and the

14 gave a concert at Zurich, SwitzerThe Presiding Bishopric conducted a new name, Rose Park, given to one of land. special meeting this evening in the Salt the stakes.

Lake Tabernacle, pertaining to the Released as the presidency of East

President ThadStake Riverside were matters. Priesthood Aaronic and other announced First Presidency The i his counselors, Evans and held. deus M. were mission reunions Various Berkeley of Elder the appointment /1

L. Bunker as president of the Southern Elders Robert L. Bridge and Howard

States Mission, succeeding President W. Jeffs. Elder Bridge was later susPeter J. Ricks. President Bunker filled October 1955 tained as president of the Riverside

Irvin and K. Luker Elders Stake, with as States confergeneral in the Southerna mission semiannual a IThe counselors. as his E. Huber earlyLawrence elder. the served has also an enceyoung continued with He

Church as superintendent of Sunday morning Church welfare meeting and Riverside Stake includes Airport, CenSchools in the Moapa (Nevada) Stake; general sessions in the morning and ter, Riverside, and Twentyninth Wards

as bishop of the Las Vegas Ward for afternoon. from the old Riverside Stake, and

three years; as a member of the WashSixty congregations of priesthood Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Twentyeighth, and

ington (D. C.) Stake high council, and bearers, connected by direct telephone Thirtyfourth wards from the East

at the time of this appointment was a wire to the pulpit of the Salt Lake Riverside Stake. Its membership is apmember of the Las Vegas Stake high Tabernacle, heard the priesthood meetproximately 7200.

council. Mrs. Bunker and two of their ing of this semiannual general conferReleased from the presidency of the

three daughters will accompany him to ence. Riverside Stake were President Glen

this new field of labor. Many mission reunions were held this S. Burt and his counselors, Elders Arza

F. Steenblik. A. Joseph Hinckley and preevening. Tabernacle Choir Lake The Salt of the presidency as the Sustained It was announced that Elder Rayof its last its Eurosented performance

President Joseph Stake were Park Rose B. appointed been Holbrook had at the Palais de Chaillot mondpean tour Elder counselors, his F. Steenblik and to of the the Deseret general board Paris. inTheater,

E. Shea. E. William Smith and Kenneth School. Sunday

Rose Park Stake now consists of the. Scott R. advanced Haynes Elder Fourth, First, Third, Second, Park Rose of sessions the one Concluding first in counselor to second from 1 of 2 a membership with wards, Fifth and twentysixth semiannual hundred presidency. Stake the Nevada He sucsix five thousand. and between in Salt the general conference held were Clair Elder ceeds Gudmundson. M. E. B. Mark Lee and Elders Harold Tabernacle. as Lake sustained Prince Elder M. Rawson of the Twelve of the Council Petersen of the general conference Deseret The counselor. second changes. of these in making charge were in Salt the School held was Sunday

Tabernacle. Lake

ar- O. President As David of McKay the D. Hanks President Marion 1* airliner in Salt City rived Lake by dedithe of Seventy First Council L L of Five the returning members

tour, his announced, he European from Stevensville 6 of the chapel the cated Mrs. Salt Choir, Tabernacle Lake selected site has temple been "Another States Central Branch, West (Montana) Kirk, A. Mrs. Schow, Elden C. Donald

its indicate not in did Europe."He Mission. B. B. Seare, Charles Mrs. Mrs. Ray

location.

Beck, Smurthwaite, Mrs. Victor and J. the D. Hanks of President Marion

sixtysix killed persons the were among dediof the Seventy First 13 Council business D. Giles, Elder John crashed an airliner on Medicine when

Falls of the Columbia cated the chapel of Improvement manager The d L Wyoming. Bow Peak,

States Central Branch, (Montana) West asformer leader, and Era, Boy Scout sistant general superintendent of the It was announced that Elder and Mission.

YMMIA, died. A. 8 Mrs. Wilford Hall had the D. President Hanks of Marion suc1j Elder Stephen ceeded and Mrs. S. Owens * dediof the Seventy First Council

of Hawaii College Church The directors of the as Church of the (Monchapel Bureau of cated the Cut Bank its doors. officially More opened at Rochester, Minnesota. L V Information MisStates Central Branch, tana) West

parents, students, three hundred than sion. friends, and Church members gathered Elder LeGrand Richards of the at the chapel at Laie for the occasion. 9 Council of the Twelve dedicated -j n Elder Legrand Richards of the

the chapel of the Sunnyside Ward, Car- A W Council of the Twelve dedicated

The annual conference of the Rebon (Utah) Stake. the chapel of the Granger Third and

28 lief Society of the Church began Elder Clifford E. Young, Assistant to Fifth wards, North Jordan (Utah) Stake.

today. the Council of the Twelve, dedicated President Marion D. Hanks of the

the chapel of the Palmyra Ward, First Council of the Seventy dedicated ft Concluding sessions of the annual Palmyra (Utah) Stake. an addition to the chapel of the Great

L / Relief Society conference were held At a joint meeting of members of East Falls (Montana) Branch, West Central on Temple Square. Riverside and Riverside (Salt Lake States Mission.

888 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA now! a complete family

I of WD45 tractors

NEW WD45 DIESEL Powered by a great AllisChal- mers Diesel Engine with Tornado Turbulence and FollowThrough combustion.

full line of the most modern, You name the fuel—there's a WD45 Tractor Supplemented by a

equipped to use it! hydraulically operated, mounted implements, the

Yes, you can now enjoy all the outstanding adModel WD45 brings complete power farming, in its vantages and conveniences of the dynamic WD45 simplest and most advanced form, to powerwise,

Tractor... equipped to operate on the fuel of your costconscious farmers everywhere.

choice... gasoline, L-P gas or diesel... and with See your AllisChalmers dealer today... or write

your choice of three interchangeable frontend styles. us for free illustrated literature.

Measure it in any way you choose... power, FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION, MILWAUKEE 1, WISCONSIN

economy, performance or price... the WD45 represents today's greatest tractor value. No other tractor matches its Big Four operating conveniences...

SnapCoupler Hitch, powershift wheels, twoclutch power control, and automatic Traction Booster...

all standard equipment!

WD45 FOR GASOLINE Dynamic PowerCrater engine delivers extra work power from every gallon of gasoline.

Mounted plows for use with all models...

now equipped with sensational new Allis-... for WD45 FOR L-P FUELS Chalmersthe easiest Bulletand bestBladeplowingbottomsever.

PowerCrater engine performance on L-P gas.

ALUSCHALMERS <!

DECEMBER 1955 889 On the Bookrack

DOCTRINES OF SALVATION—

Volume II Sermons and Writings of Joseph Fielding

Smith (Compiled by Bruce R. McConkie.

Bookeraft, Salt Lake City, Utah. 1955.

366 pages. $3.00.)

This is the second of the promised threevolume compilation of selections from the writings and the sermons of President Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council of the Twelve, who, for nearly half a century, has been a leading exponent of the doctrines and history of the restored Church.

As the compiler explains: "In Doctrines of Salvation, Volume II, the gospel student will find plain and authoritative explanations to virtually every

important phase of salvation, the degrees of glory, exaltation, celestial marriage, the Holy Spirit of Promise, salvation for the dead, spiritual life and death, the resurrection, and much more. The

BOB AND SUE, like thousands of their elders, have learned the truth about devout seeker after salvation will turn the "lying allure of liquor."to these teachings with an intense deHAVE YOU seen through the glamorous haze thrown up by the sire to master them."A. L. Z., ]r.

alcohol advertisers? HAVE YOU learned enough of the truth about,

liquor to want to have no part of it? GOSPEL CHART BOOK

(Milton Jenkins Jones. Copyright 1955

"IF YOU DON'T DRINK,"says the Preferred Risk Mutual Insurance by the author. Paperbound $1.00.)

presents some very inCo., "WHY HELP PAY FOR THE ACCIDENTS OF THOSE WHO The author

DO?"Preferred Risk, America's first automobile insurance company teresting charts that will help

for nondrinkers only, now makes it possible for you to stop paying teacher and student better understand the gospel plan. The subjects covered

for the drinker's accidents and to save money at the same time. by the charts are: the creation, house

If you are a nondrinker*, we invite you to investigate, and insure of Israel, ministry of Christ, the great apostasy, the the Church restored, with Preferred Risk. Save money—and put your automobile insurance

in the mountains, Church Church where your heart is—with the thousands of others who say, "No ganization, the gospel on earth, andorThanks—we don't drink."For full details, including an explanation Book of Mormon. A. L. Z., Jr.

of Preferred Risk's merit reduction plan for claimfree drivers, return this coupon now. THE STORY OF THE

IMPORTANT—Norvdrinker means TOTAL abstainer. The occasional social drinker is not eligible. PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

(James R. Clark. Bookeraft Company,

FOR INFORMATION Salt City. 1955 Lake 249 pages. $3.00.)

WITHOUT COUPON OBLIGATION ACT NOW—USE THIS as book, the title implies, is a This AUTO INSURANCE MY

Name EXPIRES: historical study of the development

Month of of Price rather the Pearl Great than Address o.j - -. its doctrinal of contents. a study The

City State Year is of author, a Brigham member who

Occupation Ho. of Cars In Household Young University faculty, gives us the

Hake of Car Year No. of Cylinders fruits of some twenty years of intensive

Body Type and Model (Series) study; the printing of parts of the Pearl

Use of Car: Q Pleasure—Business—To and From Work,.Miles One Way of Great Price during Joseph.Smith's

its lifetime, publicompilation and first ALL OTHER DRIVERS Circle Owner of This Car—MYSELF PRINCIPALDRIVER 1. in Franklin cation Eng- D. Richards and by

Give Information requested it is a time land when, in 1851—at Age? about

to learn, there astonishing were more DRIVERS OF AUTOMOBILEall Sei?

of Christ of the Jesus Church members of Latterday Saints in Great Britain MtDd than there were in the United States preferred risk mutual the additions and subtractions made in ACQDimS?

for them, insurance Company later editions with the reasons 336 South 5th East - Suite 102103, Dept. 1255 and the final revision in 1902 which

ISalt Lake City, Utah Phone EM 4-1931 was reaccepted by vote of the Church

America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Co. Sam Morris, President as scripture, are told in interesting style

and painstaking detail.

{Concluded on page 991) 890 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The snowy noto pasture slopes to pewter skies

The hemlocks lay their tapered shadows down 'Bastore Upon its quietness; the fence creeps by,

Whiterimmed and shot with shining, sequined fires;

by Bertha Wilcox Smith The posts are guardsmen, erminehelmeted,

About whose feet the quail have stitched distinct,

Embroidered patterns in precise design;

Upon the road the rutted wagon tracks

Plod heavily upon their wonted way

But turn before the meadow's open door,

Nor enter on its alabaster floor.

—Photo by Chester A. Smith

DECEMBER 1955 891 FOR THE COMFORTERS ANOTHER CHRISTMAS CHRISTMAS EVE

By Dorothy J. Roberts By Beulah Huish Sadleir By Leone E. McCune

T seems but a day Christmas since I picked bright chime the rememberthat the is tied, last gay the last IV ow bowAT *J n cr rrwprose, mg last tinsel bright placed The upon the Of thosei it is gifts their here who heaped Christmas, And upon the and everyone tree, year knows By kind things hand, heart, eyes, lips, or willing That are just happening—fast as TheThe roomstockingsset hungfor festivity,beside the fire,

ear: be: can

I have is watched the retreat pudding dark The steaming scent and from I'll all leave of thought earthly needs, Before their eyes; tree light the the repeat. Depart gaiety from mirth, and

I felt have Is trailing the wracking, slow me can you I shall take roundabout—thus And quiet one hour of Girth see wisdom the bend bow think To about the Savior's birth.

resistance. I Of I is catch seen have must a gift one breath—there

Sinews in harden to the lean wrap; I'll In reverie hear the choir Growing contours jolly of you will; the well And know I could with do a Sounding hosannas skies the down

cell its Every learn still"; nap; "be the watch And shepherds star, follow the In is earth's acred the There of stand dark greetings come Seeking doorbell—the the place lies. where Jesus Traced again, fast—again the arc

is star at One This the drew package Bethlehem, a... at last moment I shall think And of precious words, sickle sit in the. fire of the A by hands To them. go and back through Fraught with significance worth, and Grant them, the fields years walking alone,.. that Words lived have hundreds of years sling of prayer, the A a brook's stone. wonderment white When moved them shape men's and To actions here earth. on silence, White take eyes the showing gratitudes I sing

all left To all Tears, their who were that grace heart, was needed upon to help my that a of Would strife world greed and gave of to say, them Who themselves me treasured some Could the of know light, peace healing part. "Life's goodness born was on that of first The lamp to sent the God world dear, Each each year, Christmas day."back to their stores first That longago night. Christmas I bring

for Remittance the favor spent on me, A CHRISTMAS PACKAGE CHRISTMAS JOY benediction out of A memory.

By Clara Luster By Ruth Linnea Erickson blizzard wraps snow CHRISTMAS EVE rwiHE 1 hough weariness was there within their paper T * About tree, each roof and bones, trails platinum of By Eleanor Alletta Chaffee And ribbon parent slept. With muted tones all plain for see. Yet neither Are to

nnHERE is no sweeter music The clock had struck the midnight hour, *- Than Christmas carols sung The earth is being giftwrapped, and still

Just when the stars are climbing With flakes succeeding flakes They tossed, within their hearts a lonely

Rung by golden rung Like silver, velvet stickers, chill,

The same sky where the star of stars Placed there as winter breaks. For one more sheep was missing from the

Looked on a little town, fold And kings and shepherds came to find The gardens look like door wreaths That Morpheus now had in his quiet hold.

A child, and there knelt down. Or tags that will endure The dressed and lighted tree, the candleAs winter sends a package glow,

There is no fairer story And signs her signature! The holly, and the hanging mistletoe,

That ever has been known And cheery banter at the Christmas table, marked the evening past, yet was not of the Than love that itself Had made able King without a throne; A

That in the likeness of a Child To screen the empty chair that marred the

Gave hope to all the world fun,

That on this night is rich with song, Mute testimony of an absent one.

And with his praises pearled.

The restless parents could not help the grief, IT'S CHRISTMAS! For thinking back upon this Christmas

Eve By Lyda Von L. Schultz Their efforts to be gay had fallen flat;

At least so now it seemed. But what was

It's the joy of doing and loving and The that?scraping sound of someone at the door, giving,

step wellknown A the upon floor, creaking thisThat makes observance survive little suddenly And the house was warm itsWith laughter glitter tinsel, and and Because a very dear, familiar form so gay for Christmas! Was home all aglow Now brightKeeping alive. visions CALIFORNIA CHRISTMAS Like those within stable a ago, long angels starsWith and bright and clouds found that They joy had the heavens made rejoicing, and B. E. By H. Harris alight,

his ushered gift greatestGod in;

Filling their hearts with music through the inSo feeble our efforts, it we relive poinsettias flame about garden, my night!

gifts ribbonsWith and din. glad and cooler, is sweeter breath air. in A the /ay

our lives retainMay I of mundane the try some to fleeting catch a thrill of Christmas, WINTER SUNSET glory, Without of a touch winter anywhere.

theTo soften days that go wrong. I think 'twas thus, on that first Eastern By Thelma Ireland

this never let wide worldOh of people lose Christmas, faith, So, thrusting snow traditions far away, Mountains march majestically

Recalling to mind this sweet season of singing heart, With I send the season's Across the desert snow, song greetings, Bearing crimson banners of Merry, Merry Christmas.A this From December summerland, today. Reflected sunset glow.

892 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Beace and

(Booitoill

by President David O. McKay

i were to ask you to name the one city that Peace was heralded by the heavenly hosts that

If has given to the world a greater civilization sang:

than any other city, without hesitation you "Glory to God in the highest, and on earth would name Jerusalem. You would give that peace, good will toward men."(Ibid., 2:14.)

ancient city this distinction, not because it was "Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in the "City of David,"not because it still holds peace,..."cried the aged Simeon as he beheld

the veneration of the three great religions of manthrough inspiration the Blessed Child that should kind but because you would associate with it the be "A light to lighten the Gentiles, and the glory life, the teachings, and the death of Jesus Christ, of thy people Israel."(Ibid., 2:29, 32.)

the Redeemer of the world. Peace and goodwill undoubtedly filled the

Five miles south of Jerusalem is Bethlehem, a hearts of the Wise Men as they gave their glitlittle town of equal historical importance, which tering gold and costly gifts to the true King of will also be venerated as long as there are Christhe Jews. In comparison with the rapture that

tian hearts to feel or Christian lips to utter prayer. filled their beings, valueless, indeed, seemed their

Its importance, too, comes not because of the wealth of treasure as on bended knees they worfact that it is one of the oldest cities in Palestine, shiped their king, whom they had found through nor because we associate with it the beautiful their learning and their sincere searching for story of Ruth, the home of Jesse and David, and truth.

many other important persons and incidents in Thus the brief but beautiful story informs us biblical history, but because in Bethlehem was that by birth, by heavenly announcement, and cradled the Savior of mankind. later by early training, Jesus became allied with

"Jerusalem"(the Canaanite Urusalim, the Hethe humble toilers, with the honest in heart, with brew Yarushalayim) means the "abode of peace."sincere seekers after truth, and through these,

"Bethlehem"(Beit Lahm) means the "house of with all classes of men whose "physical, mental, bread,"perhaps because from very early times and moral burdens he sought to take from their weary shoulders."it has been a fruitful district, and because the

original plant from which the cultivated wheat For nearly two millenniums men have been was developed has been found wild only near pondering that message heralded from the heavBethlehem. It is significant that from the home ens:

of bread, the "staff of life,"springs also mankind's "Glory to God in the highest, and on earth "Bread of Life."peace, good will toward men."(Ibid., 2:14.)

simple these words! deep, How comhow How life! Peace! these words two To Life—eternal their prehensive significance! At Christmas we festive the in season, celeapproaching which we

his celebrate in birth mission whose earth on birth the brate of the Redeemer, should add is glorified; is earth the (1) God promised (2) greater meaning.

peace; (3) all men are given the assurance of

Peace, the opposite of fear, was the message God's goodwill toward them.

given to the shepherds by the angels, who said: If every man born into the world would have

"Fear not: for behold, I bring you good tidings as the beacon of his life these three glorious

of great joy."(Luke 2:10.) (Concluded on following page)

Qjtjgo Qjgg*Ko Qjiyo oj*sy.o osg- e 0*535* Q,mEditors Page

DECEMBER 1955 893 THE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) that was sacrificed to bring peace and goodwill and ideals, how much sweeter and happier life would be! eternal salvation to all mankind.

With such an aim, everyone would seek all that is pure, Love for God and for one another should be the just, honorable, virtuous, and true—all that leads to perChristmas theme. Such was the divine announcement

fection; for these virtues he would glorify whoever seeks by the heavenly host that first sang the "glad tidings

to glorify God. He would eschew that which is impure, of great joy!"

dishonorable, or vile. If every man desired to show goodOnly in the heart that loves, only in the Church of

will toward men and strove to express that desire in a Jesus Christ where love prompts service to one's fellow thousand kind ways and little deeds that would reflect men and loyalty to God, shall we find peace. "For all

unselfishness and selfsacrifice, what a contribution each the law is fulfilled in one word, even in this; Thou shalt

would make toward universal peace on earth and the love thy neighbour as thyself."(Gal. 5:14.)

happiness of mankind. May Christmas find love and a desire to bless others

For nineteen hundred years and more Jesus Christ abiding in the heart of every Latterday Saint. In all

has been an inspiration to countless millions of men and such hearts and homes, then, there will be peace and women. His has been the influence that has fired the goodwill toward all men. Where the peace abides, it

imagination of poets; his the influence that has guided matters little whether the possessor be rich or poor,

the artists'touch that has given imperishable beauty to for he will have, in addition to the peace that gives the world; his the influence that has put new harmony "joy unspeakable,"the assurance which the Son of Man

into musicians'souls, and sent vibrating through the gave when he said:

ages songs of praise and thanksgiving; his the power "I am the bread of life: he that cometh to me shall

that has supported through centuries the humble labornever hunger; and he that believeth on me shall never

ers whose only comfort through unrequited toil and thirst."(John 6:35.)

oppression sprang from the realization that One was Peace, goodwill, and life everlasting are the blessings, standing at the end of life's journey saying, "Come unto then, we wish you as we repeat once again the glad me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will old greeting:

give you rest"(Matt. 11:28); his the influence that has A Merry, Merry Christmas, and Happy, Prosperous

given every good thing to the world today; his the life New Year.

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Satan's Power to Perform Miracles

"Does Satan have power to perform miraOne of the most striking examples of this is recorded in cles? This matter has been discussed in Exodus, where Pharaoh called "the wise men and the

our priesthood quorum. The question arises out of the sorcerers"who duplicated some of the miracles the Lord

fact that a preacher is apparently performing healings had commanded Moses and Aaron to perform. When

and demonstrating his power (by television and radio), Aaron threw down his rod, it became a serpent. The

thus advertising his meeting and the work he is doing. Egyptian magicians threw down their rods, and they

There are some actions and expressions which he uses also became serpents. When Aaron stretched his rod

that impress me and some others that his work does over the river, it became like blood, and the fish died.

not come from the Lord. We feel that they do not "And the magicians of Egypt did so with their enchantharmonize with the teachings of our Savior. He seems to ments:"and when Aaron stretched forth his rod over

represent no church but invites his hearers to join some the streams, the rivers and ponds, there came forth church and attend their meetings. We have no solution frogs that covered the land. "And the magicians did

to this problem, can you help us?"so with their enchantments, and brought up frogs upon

::: -y-v>::: FjSKfjB:::.y the land of Egypt."(Ex., ch. 7-8.) Beyond this point

All down through the ages and in almost the magicians of Egypt could not go. The magicians

all countries, men have exercised great failed in the days of Joseph to interpret the dream of occult and mystical powers, even to the healing of the Pharaoh because it was a dream from the Lord, but sick and the performing of miracles. Soothsayers, magiJoseph, because he held the priesthood, interpreted it.

cians, and astrologers were found in the courts of anLikewise in the dream of Nebuchadnezzar of the image, cient kings. They had certain powers by which they the astrologers failed to give the interpretation because

divined and solved the monarch's problems, dreams, etc. the dream came from the Lord, and Daniel, who held

894 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the priesthood gave the interpretation. Even to this power does not intervene. Paul, writing to the Ephesian

day the magicians of India perform many wonderful Saints called Satan "The prince of the power of the air, works. the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobediThere is no doubt about Satan having great power ence."(Eph. 2:2.)

and that he can appear as an angel of light. In this When a man comes in the name of the Lord healing

form he appeared on the banks of the Susquehanna River the sick and performing mighty works, he will not come to oppose the restoration of keys, and was detected by with the blare of trumpets, nor will he advertise his

Michael, and his plans were thwarted. (See D & C performance. Moreover, he will not teach an indefinite

128:20; compare also Sec. 129:8.) Jacob, son of Lehi, doctrine. He will not tell the people to join a church

in his teachings, stated that if there had been no atoneany church; but he will proclaim a clear doctrine of

ment, our spirits "... must have become like unto him repentance and baptism for the remission of sins and

[Satan], and we become devils, angels to a devil, to be the laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost.

shut out from the presence of our God, and to remain When one comes preaching his own doctrine, and with the father of lies, in misery like unto himself; though he may perform miracles, if he does all of this

yea, to that being who beguiled our first parents, who to be seen of men and by advertising his deeds to the transformeth himself nigh unto an angel of light, and world, it is a sure sign that he has not been called by stirreth up the children of men unto secret combinations divine appointment. On numerous occasions when the

of murder and all manner of secret works of darkness."Savior healed the sick and gave eyesight to the blind,

(2 Nephi 9:9.) Korihor, who tried to deceive the he admonished them, saying, "See that no man knowNephites, admitted that Satan appeared to him as an it."—"And charged them that they should not make

angel and told him what to teach the people. (See Alma him known."Such admonition can be found in the

30:53.) following passages: Matt. 9:30; 12:9-16; Mark 3:1012;

When the Prophet Joseph Smith and a company of 7:3236; 8:2226.

brethren were journeying to Kirtland from Missouri, In this dispensation the Lord instructed the elders of they camped at Mcllwaine's Bend on the Missouri the Church that as they went forth in humility and

River. There Elder William W. Phelps "in open vision faith, they should in his name "do many wonderful

by daylight, saw the destroyer in his most horrible works; cast out devils, heal the sick, open the eyes of

power, ride upon the face of the waters; others the blind, unstop the ears of the deaf, and cause the

heard the noise, but saw not the vision."(D.H.C. Vol. dumb to speak,"but he also said:

1, p. 203.) The Savior declared that Satan had the "A commandment I give unto them, that they shall

power to bind bodies of men and women and sorely not boast themselves of these things, neither speak them afflict them. (Matt. 7:2223; Luke 13:16.) If Satan has before the world; for these things are given unto you

84:6674.)power to bind the bodies, he surely must have power to for your profit and for salvation."(See D & C

loose them. It should be remembered that Satan has

great knowledge and thereby can exercise authority and a-pC 3&*&ijt-j&2e*(.

to some extent control the elements, when some greater

hns Oi 'mission Richard L. Brans

to accusing question he is response an learned, as to what the haven't they word dren which we now In friends it is to correct the accusation, have said a could a false quite a occurrence to hear doing, common youngster reply defensively:; "I'm not doing anywe might have defended, the part we might have

thing"—and this suggests again an interesting subject: played in solving public and private problems, the

that innocence isn't always merely a matter of not commandments we didn't keep, the deeds we didn't do doing anything. The privilege of life calls for positive could all come under the category of sins of omission.

performance, and the sins of omission can, under some Once more we are reminded that in the Savior's circumstances, be as serious as the sins of commission. parable of the Good Samaritan, it wasn't only the

It isn't enough merely not to have done the wrong thieves whom the Master was indicting, but it was things. It is also essential to do the right things. And also those who passed the victim of the thieves, and

if we haven't performed our part, in the final accountwho didn't do anything when they should have done ing we may have difficulty in justifying the space we something. Doing things we should do when we

occupy and the substance we consume. The greatest should do them is the essence of all our opportunities.

good is not passive any more than the greatest evil is, (If the Creator hadn't created, the earth would still and much that is missing in human happiness comes be without form, and void.) And when we face our

under the category of things we should have done but ultimate just Judge, it may not be quite comfortable didn't do: the talents we fail to develop, the opportunito account for the things we should have done and

ties we let pass by, the kindness and consideration we could have done but didn't do.*

might have given, the work we withheld, the products we could have produced, the love we might have given Jke Spoken Word from temple SQUARE those who have claims upon our love, the encouragePRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING ment we might have given the downhearted and deSYSTEM, OCTOBER 23, 1955 spondent, the comfort we might have held out to the Copyright, 1955 sorrowing, the things we should have taught our chil- *Revised.

DECEMBER 1955 895 Thesaid:Prophet"Every manJosephwhoSmithhas a oncecalling to minister to the inhabitants

of the world was ordained to that very purpose in the Grand Council in heaven before this world was. I

suppose that I was ordained to this very office in that Grand Council."1

this in Bible that was the readWe 2 and case with Jeremiahthe John the Baptist who was called to be the messenger to prepare the way before the Lord. 3 Nor were these premortal

callings confined to the prophets, for in a remarkable prophecy made by

Isaiah, the Lord revealed the mission which was assigned to Cyrus, king of Persia, over one hundred years before he was born. 4 Because of the

fact that the original records of the prophets have not come down to us in their purity, many of these important things, "plain and precious,"have been eliminated by uninspired men. Fortunately, however, some of

these plain parts, through the mercy of the Lord, have been restored, fulfilling the prediction of Moses concerning certain writings that were recorded by him. Among these parts,

which the world will not receive, some are given in the Prophet's revision of the scriptures to "as many as shall believe."Among these

revelations which are restored, we discover that the Lord informed

Abraham that he had chosen rulers Sculptor Avard Fairbanks'interpretation in clay of the boy "Joseph Smith in Prayer."

from among the intelligences that were organized, to be given rule in various capacities down the ages;

and Abraham was one of these whowas so chosen. 5 It is reasonable to The Prophet Joseph Smith

believe that in the beginning, before the earth was prepared, the Lord would have all things organized from by President Joseph Fielding Smith the beginning to the end of time. It OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

is written in the scriptures "Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the hosts of them.""This is cerning the missions assigned to "For Joseph truly testified, saying:

equivalent to the Lord saying that Moses and to Joseph Smith. A seer shall the Lord my God raise

everything was in preparation to be "Wherefore, Joseph truly saw our up, who shall be a choice seer unto placed on the earth in its due course day. And he obtained a promise of the fruit of my loins.

when mankind should be placed upon the Lord, that out of the fruit of his "Yea, Joseph truly said: Thus saith

it. loins the Lord God would raise up a the Lord unto me: A choice seer will

From what was written on the righteous branch unto the house of I raise up out of the fruit of thy loins;

brass plates obtained by the sons of Israel; not the Messiah, but a branch and he shall be esteemed highly

Lehi we have learned of some rewhich was to be broken off, nevertheamong the fruit of thy loins. And

markable predictions concerning both less, to be remembered in the coveunto him will I give commandment

Moses and Joseph Smith and the part nants of the Lord that the Messiah that he shall do a work for the fruit assigned to each in the beginning. should be made manifest unto them of thy loins, his brethren, which shall

Lehi has given us this record conin the latter days, in the spirit of be of great worth unto them, even to teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 365. power, unto the bringing of them out the bringing of them to the knowl2Jeremiah 1:5. of darkness unto out of edge of the covenants which I have light—yea, aMalachi4 Isaiah 44:28;3:1. 45:1-3.Luke 1:13. hidden darkness and out of captivity made with thy fathers.

5Abraham 3:2223. unto freedom. "And I will give unto him a com- 2:1. Gen.

896 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EDITOR'S NOTE A BRIEF CHRONOLOGY OF THE LIFE

December is the sesquicentennial of the birth of the OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH

Prophet Joseph Smith. Mankind will always be blessed December 23, 1805—Born at Sharon, Windby what the modernday Prophet accomplished, under disor County, Vermont, the son of Joseph

rection from on high, during the short thirtynine and and Lucy Mack Smith.

onehalf year span of his mortal existence. President About 1818—Moved to Smith farm at Mannear Palmyra.

of of the the Twelve, Council Fielding Smith Joseph of vision the the himSpringchester, 1820—Received of written the graciously Prophet, has self a grandnephew trees grove of in a the Father and Son

this tribute to the man who ushered in the Dispensation on the Smith farm.

of the Fulness of Times. September 2122, 1823—Visitation by the

Angel Moroni.

January 18, 1827—Married Emma Hale.

September 22, 1827—Received custody of the

mandment that he shall do none hand, by the power of the Lord shall Book of Mormon plates.

other work, save the work which I bring my people unto salvation."7 April 7, 1829—Oliver Cowdery began as

scribe.

Ishall will him. prophecies concerning command These And

the Baptist restored the the May Joseph's 15, 1829—John great in for eyes; of minemake him that of Joseph Moses and he work Priesthood. Aaronic

shall do my work. Smith were recorded on the brass MayJune 1829—Peter, James, and John

"And he shall be great like unto plates obtained by the sons of Lehi. conferred the Melchizedek Priesthood.

of MorMoses, whom I have said I would In fulfilment of the Lord's promise, Late Marchearly April 1830—Book

press. from the monraise you, sentences unto these few have been up to deliver my peoat organized 6, reApril Church came1830—The

Israel. of learn stored; house someand we herebyple, O Fayette, Peter home, Whitmer's New

"And Moses will I raise up, to dething of the greatness of the mission York.

liver thy people out of the land of of the Prophet Joseph Smith. Among JanuaryFebruary 1831—Moved to Kirtland,

Ohio. in greatEgypt. called that those were who

site for temple at August 3, 1831—Dedicated distincof council, held a place he "But a seer will I raise up out of Missouri. Independence,

the fruit of thy loins; and unto him tion and honor, and a wonderful November 8, 1832—Visited by Brigham

will I give power to bring forth my work for the salvation, not only of Young, Heber C. Kimball, and others from

word unto the seed of thy loins—the house of Israel but also for all Vermont.

revelation on 1833—-Received

of Wisdom.and not to the bringing forth my mankind on the face of the earth, Februarythe Word27,

word only, saith the Lord, but to the was foreordained and assigned to him March 8-18, 1833—Organized First Presiconvincing them of my word, which ages before he was born. President dency of the Church.

shall have already gone forth among John Taylor spoke truly when he October 5, 1833—Went on mission to Canthem. said: "Joseph Smith, the Prophet and ada.

1835—Twelve Apostles called "Wherefore, the fruit of thy loins Seer of the Lord, has done more, Februaryat Kirtland.14,

shall write; and the fruit of the loins save Jesus only, for the salvation of February 28, 1835—The Seventy called at

of Judah shall write; and that which men in this world, than any other Kirtland.

shall be written by the fruit of thy man that ever lived in it."8 March 27, 1836—Dedicated the Kirtland

Temple. shall also be that we, the that which evenloins, and It seems to me

About June C. KimHeber 1, 1837—Called loins of thewritten the fruit Saints, accepted by have of Latterday who ball to undertake to England. a mission

Judah, shall grow together, unto the him as a Prophet of God, have to a January 12, 1838—Flees from Kirtland with

confounding of false doctrines and great extent failed to recognize him Sidney Rigdon "to escape mob violaying down of contentions, and esand esteem him as fully as we should lence."

tablishing peace among the fruit of for the great work which, under the Winter 183839—In the Liberty Jail in

to bringingthy them Christ, loins, and of he Jesus the guidance 1, land purchases for perMay Missouri. 1839—Arranged the in their fathers ofknowledge for the us whole formed for and future the site of Nauvoo.

latter days, and also to the knowledge world. Yet, like so many of the prophApril 15, 1840—Sends Orson Hyde to Palesof my covenants, saith the Lord. ets of old, and even the Savior himtine to dedicate that land for the:etum

of the shall be weakness he out of an "And the thanks of self, he has received 16, charter passed December Jews.1840—Nauvoo in strong, that day sacrifice when mymade unbelieving and world by Illinois legislature. the

work shall commence among all my martyrdom. February 3, 1841—Presented ordinances establishing thee, restoringpeople, the Legion UniverNauvoo unto and O the that Father think Any who

sity. Israel, saith the Lord. ofhouse are the knowledge without Son and

24, December for plans 1841—Announced sayprophesied thus Joseph, "And its this history of of from the world established agency an immigration to be

ing: Behold, that seer will the Lord beginning to its end, have reason to for Church immigrants in England.

bless; and they that seek to destroy humble themselves and repent. The March 1, 1842—Began publishing the Book

him shall be confounded; for this day will come surely, when the Lord of Abraham in the Times and Seasons.

17, Relief March the 1842—Organized So- I obtainedpromise, have which all of will reveal that was made known ciety of the Church. loins, of fruit of the Lord,the my to of Moses, brother Enoch, the and 4, the temple May endowment 1842—Gave

I sure Behold,shall be fulfilled. am to selected is group a the priin meeting Jared, which hidden our from now

of the fulfilling of this promise; knowledge because of the hardness vate office of his store in Nauvoo.

6, that Saints the called shall his be "And name 1842—Prophesied hearts, of for our this cannot come August will to the remove Mountains. Rocky after the it shallafter be me; and in only humility a day of and right27, June the at 1844—Killed by Carthmob shall father. be of his he Andname eousness. Illinois, age, shortly after p.m. 5:15

like unto me; for the thing, which

the Lord shall bring forth by his 728D Nephi& C 135:3.3:5-15.

DECEMBER 1955 897 the Temple of the Plaques and numerous groups of tourists and guides discussed this figure in my presence.Archaeology Not once did any person, either guide

or tourist, question that that carving

One might ask, "Why so much elaand the BOOK OF MORMON actually represented a horse.

tion over the discovery of the likeness of a horse depicted on an ancient by President Milton R. Hunter Maya building? Is there anything so

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY rare or so unusual about such a thing?"The answer is, "Positively, yes!"

Since archaeologists claim that these buildings were erected approximately 1000 A.D.—Dr. J. Eric S.

Thompson placing the dates of the erection of New Chichen Itza from

Pictograph depict- A.D. 968 to 987, 2 and Dr. Sylvanus

ing horses carved Pictured Rocks Griswald Morley stating that Chichen on near Monte Vista, Itza was reoccupied in 968 A.D.!—

Colorado. this figure was carved by the ancient

Mayan Indians approximately five hundred years before the discovery of

America by Columbus and the arrival of the Spanish conquistador es with their horses. This carving of a horselike figure at Chichen Itza constitutes,

it seems to me, one of the most startling, significant, and unusual evidences yet discovered to sustain the claims made by the writers of the

Book of Mormon records that the inhabitants of ancient America possessed horses. 4

As was explained in the article on "Horses in Ancient America"in the last issue of The Improvement Era (October, 1955), more than one hun-—Courtesy of Carl A. Erickson dred years ago Joseph Smith published

the Book of Mormon which claimed

Part VII that both the Nephites and Jaredites possessed horses and used them extensively. However, all contemporary

Horses in Ancient America (continued) writers during the Prophet's time claimed that there were no horses in ancient America before the Spanish sun was nearing the western all of which—the serpents and the conquest and the bringing of them toThehorizon when Jose Davila, our feathers—symbolized the worship of America from Spain. Those people

identified the south "White Bearded stood end of the guide, near God"were enemies of the who Book of 1 Also, Christ. as Jesus Plaques by Mormons at Chichen of thethe Temple of the restored and Mormon Church

Itza and, pointing to a carving on one with delight we had beheld numerous Jesus Christ ridiculed Joseph Smith of the rocks near the center of the beautiful ancient temples, pyramids, for publishing such statements regardplaque, said: "This is the likeness of and other archaeological structures. ing horses in ancient America, main-

a horse which was carved here at the But seeing this figure, which appeared taining that he was very naive in time of the erection of this building to all members of our party to be a making such claims and that even a by the ancient Mayan inhabitants of representation of a horse, intensified child with an elementary understandChichen Itza."my feelings more acutely than had ing of what had transpired in ancient

We had climbed pyramid after all the other Book of Mormon eviAmerica should have known that pyramid from early morning and dences which we had seen at Chichen there were no horses on this contihad observed numerous carvings of Itza. I was thrilled practically benent before the coming of the Spanplumed serpents. We had seen many yond expression.

2 I to trips that Civilization nonIn- Thompson, of of the Mayas two made The men, beardedlikenesses J. Eric S. On the

111. (Chicago, 20. 1953), p.

I visited Itza, times in of Chichen appearance, most manydianlike Griswald Morley, 3Sylvanus The Ancient

Calif., 81. Alto, (Palo 1947), p. with headwere bedeckedwhom Maya

ijohn *Ether 9:19; 18:25; Taylor, Enos Mediation 1 Nephi 1:21; Alma 18:9- and Atonement (Salt Lake

feathers, of quetzaldresses composed 194196. 6:1; 3:22; 21:14. 10; 20:6; 4:4; City, 3 Nephi pp. 1950),

898 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA iards. However, since the coming

forth of the Book of Mormon, scientists have discovered numerous remains of horse fossils, and so the view generally held today by nonChurch members is that horses were abundant in ancient America, but that they were exterminated before the advent of white men in the Western Hemisphere.

Since I was thoroughly acquainted with such conclusions, naturally I was highly elated to find archaeological evidence at Chichen Itza which definitely indicated that the MayaToltec builders of those ancient structures possessed horses, as is evidenced by the carving on the Temple of the

Plaques. It is reasonable to conclude

that if those Indians possessed no horses and had never seen any, they could not have carved the likeness of one.

Furthermore, a man is depicted standing by the figure. This seems to

indicate that horses were domesticated, and that the people of that day (approximately 1000 A.D.) used

them in ways similar to the uses made of them by other peoples. This

may also suggest that the descendants of NephiteLamanite peoples of Book of Mormon days continued to use horses at least down to the time of the founding of New Chichen Itza.

On December 22, 1954, nearly a year after I first saw the likeness of a horse carved on the Temple of the Plaques, I made another trip to

Chichen Itza with the principal purTop: Likenesses of horse and man on Temple of Plaques, Chichen Itza, Yucatan,

appears. carving of horse indicating where of arrow Plaques with Center: Mexico. Temple of obtaining goodpose some in mind

of likenesses at horse and pointing Hunter R. Lower: Milton

horse. of acthe Otto byphotographs I was Done man.—Photographs

companied by a touring party composed of twenty faithful Latterday

Saints.

When we arrived at Merida in Yucatan, we were met by Jose J.

Novelo and Manuel J. Sabido, two

official guides of a travel service, and taken in automobiles to Chichen

Itza. I asked them if they knew of

the likeness of a horse carved on any of the archaeological structures in

Yucatan. They informed me that

there was one at Chichen Itza which they would be happy to show me.

Our prime object of importance was the Temple of the Plaques. Soon

the cameras of all the party members were put into action on the one stone on which the horse was depicted. I

presume that few if any objects have been more extensively photographed by a group of tourists than was this w one at Chichen Itza. I returned

(Continued on page 972) DECEMBER 1955 Jed walked aimlessly for hours while the sun passed overhead and later began to sink in the west. He was

tired and hungry; he needed to find

help. He knew nothing of how to

survive in this strange land. Then

he came to a trail running in a northerly direction. There were some deer

tracks in the trail. But there were

also some small tracks which looked a little like those left by the great cart horses on the muddy streets of

London. These, he decided, must be

small pony tracks, and he figured they were going north. Ponies meant

men, and he set out, encouraged, to overtake them. Walking was not

easy, but he kept at it until it got too dark to see the trail. Hungry

and tired he lay down under a tree and slept the sleep of utter exhaustion, and no wild animal disturbed his sleep; no savage band rudely

awakened him. The forest and the

plain swallowed him and obliterated all signs of his presence. WTfl

In the morning Jed said aloud, "I must hurry down that trail and find the men who ride the ponies, and

I've got to eat."He rose to his feet High Adventure and started walking northward, stumbling along with his head down, tryand a young man's conversion ing not to be scared, but knowing he

couldn't go much farther without

Part II help. Finally he smelled smoke.

Smoke meant people. People meant

by President S. Dihvorth Young food. He was not long finding the

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY fire. In a little glade off to one side,

by a spring of cool water were the

SYNOPSIS embers of a fire still hot and smolderJed Colby, shanghaied on the London Company dock as he was returning. Near the fire on a flat stone

ing home one night after work in the fishmonger's shop, was taken to sea was a pan full of meat still hot, its as the cabin boy on the ship Wellington. The ship went down near Galveston, rich smell tantalizing his nostrils.

Republic, Texas and Jed, believed lost by the rest of the crew, clung to a bit Eagerly he picked up a chunk of ship's wreckage. of the

meat and bit off a large piece, then another and another. Then he

eat. off to to noise down A

to side look caused up, one and himJEDstrongOPENEDlight HISshiningEYESintoWiththem.a onlay thisbetween?coast, butJedwhere?lookedAndat whatthe settled tall, at himself looking a he found

shoreline. line long down of windswept, He A up—lay groaned—sat rifle lithe under a long with man

felt great of a gingerlyagain. forbidding pines the sandy hugged He his his quizzical a smile and on arm

little Little his head. sign by on strip. There was nobump of human face. boy?"ye now, "Are hongry he

the memory of the storm and his habitation, only the wind in the trees, asked.

effort came back to him. He gained a few bird calls from the thickets, and "Yes, sir."

a little strength and looked around. the ceaseless call of the receding surf. "Who might ye be?"

recedthe quietly wasNot far away he He knew eat—he "Jed Colby. Jedediah is my real

scattered about finding tide, while were must he must knew knewshelter—hehe must name."

various parts of the ship, and very find people like himself. Stories of

ye be from?"near was the hatch—his raft; it must the horrors of being captured by the "And where might

have been that which struck him on red men, heard on board ship, came "I came ashore two days ago in a the head. To the east the morning to his mind. The woods looked storm from a ship. I'm from London.

sun was just clearing the horizon; mysterious and sinister to him now. I haven't eaten or seen anyone since,

this was the strong light in his eyes. Finally he decided to walk anyhow. until I came to this fire and this

Why, he must have lain here all Rising to his feet, shakily at first, he food."

night, knocked out, dead to the world. entered the forest. It was a land of "Wal now, help yorself. And in

He'd heard the captain say that trees, interspersed with open glades, that other pot ye'll find some bread, "Galveston"and "Fort Brown"were long vistas of prairie, then trees again. corn bread, mighty good if I did make

900 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA it myself. Ever been in this kaintry was agreement in the brief nods of onto his back and just lie still. As

before? No? Don't know about Inapproval. The leader called: the days grew into weeks, he became

juns or Mexicans? No? Don't know "Say you, Jed. Got any idea whar hardened to the work, and began to

there's a war? Not a week ago the ye are?"enjoy the free easiness of it all. His

boys down by Brown's Fort drove off "No."ability to ride grew until it became a

5,000 Mexicans and whopped 'em "Know where ye want to go?"pleasure. And he quickly began to

plenty. That's what me and my "No, only I want to stay with you."be useful for saddling, packing, buildpardners are doing, carrying dis- "Wal now, if'n ye do that ye'll ing fires, and cooking the simple food.

patches to General Kearny from Genhave plenty of hardship, plenty of He learned, too, the ways of men eral Zachary Taylor. We saw you tough goin', and ye might get rubbed inured to hardship—men who paid

top the rise back there a ways and out by Injuns. They'd like a scalp no attention to fatigue, cold, wet,

allowed, we'd find out your game belike vers to have in the teepee."storm. He saw the stoical set faces

fore you could seek us out.""I got nowhere else to go, and I'd of those who were injured but ex-

"You saw me top a rise? I didn't like to go with you if you'll take hibited no pain, merely shrugging

notice any rise."me."their shoulders and going on anyhow.

"Likely not, but we noticed you. "Sure we'll take ye to Santa Fe, Men were men. No one could be

It's all right, Joe."From behind a and there ye can get in a wagon train left behind. No one could allow

log which made a perfect breastwork goin'to the states. An'mebbe by himself to be a burden, either. He

rose the forms of five other men, each then ye'll love the west so much learned many things about the way with a rifle cocked and ready. ye'll want to be one o'the mountain to travel through a country from his

Then amid laughter at the scare men and go trappin'in the mountains rough companions who were full of

Jed had caused, all fell to and enjoyed for beaver pelt. They say the mounthe lore of the trail, and whose

a good breakfast of meat and corn tains are the only place, but I prefer stories of close escapes and near bread. the plains where ye can see yer deaths continually enthralled him.

neighbor before he lifts yer scalp. The little cavalcade bore steadily

that they had soon learned Jed call sun. northwest but is Skinner the Texas under Sudname me Jim, My

left before Galveston and two days ye'll in for raised others all these denly Skinner a and know his hand were heading up the coast to strike time, for they are good men and halt, and the manner of his doing the trail to San Antonio before headknow the plains, and they can read it brought all about him at once.

cross for Fe.ing country Santa

signs. signs? Ye'll learn like "Big Indian What's Cotrail—looks scouts. theyPlainsmen were and Men too."near, soon enough. this young manche, Joe, but Apaches show

beforeof a breed never by Jed. seen

trail 'un the saddle a mule, and let's from There how to it was—the breed, peculiar born and bredA off to on."plains in be movin'stretching the to Mexico

a wide, wild country, and having the Jed saddled a mule for the first south. There were twentyfour deep

rocks and hills, trees and flowers, time and was helped to mount the cut ruts in the trail made by countbirds and beasts, as their books. animal. He followed along behind less generations of horses pulling

Jed warmed to their joking chatter the cavalcade of horsemen and pack travois. The trail was broad and

as they quickly cleaned up their animals as best he could as they tiredeep, and nearly a quarter of a mile camp. From somewhere one drove lessly covered the miles through the wide. What they were noticing were

in a band of mules to which were forests, the open glades, the trails, tracks freshly made. At any momentcinched queerlooking saddles—sadthe hills, the watercourses. The first they might be attacked! Skinner gave

dles with horns six inches across. few days he hurt in every joint and a few brief instructions. Mules were

Jed noticed, too, that the small feet was glad at the end of each day tied four abreast, with a man handlof the mules were just right in size when the leader of the expedition ing each group. There must be no

for the tracks he'd seen the day bewould call halt. Then the mules stringing out; all must ride bunched

fore and he properly decided that would be turned out to graze on the as close as possible; with only six

these were the animals who had made deep rich grass, and he could sink (Continued on page 988) them. Although they looked to him

a great deal like the donkeys he'd seen in London, they looked more trim, more shipshape, and larger.

While he was busy looking at the mules, the men gathered in a little knot. The leader opened the subject on their minds.

"What's to be done with the boy?"

"Let's send him back to Galveston."

"Can't do that; any band of Indians could pick him up."

"He'll be a nuisance on this ride."

"I don't think so. If what he's

done is true, he's tough enough to stand it. I'll lay we can make a

plainsman out of him. Let's take

him. He can ride Betsy."There

DECEMBER 1955 901 deeds have been borrowed from a mythological system."17

ffie/l/foca#fl6tf6$ae4at<Meitd bandFor ofoverChristianhalf ascholarscenturyhavea flatlygreat denied that Jesus ever lived, but they have gone on talking and writing 18 Scholars by Dr. Hugh Nibley about him just the same.

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY became proud and boastful of their "brazen scepticism,"entirely forgetii THE ESCHATOLOGICAL DILEMMA ting, Eiseler points out, to be sceptical

However deplorable the malvalue as literally true, Christianity ofsions.theirTheirown highly"unhistoricalsubjectiveJesus"concluwas,

adjusted state of mind called remains meaningless to modern of stillborn Libcreature says, "the "eschatological"may be, there man."13 It is not therefore a matter he 19

. Aleralism "L."a capital.."with

can be no denying that it was the preof toning down or softening or adapbert Schweitzer attributed to a sound vailing attitude of the early Christians. tion of the old eschatology, but of its

instinct for selfpreservation the reAccordingly, the Christian world finds complete rejection: "He contends that jection of the historical Jesus by the

itself acceptof to to choose forced between to accept the ask the today man Christian churches—for certainly the vioview, of extreme pictureing the which does that the is found world

their contradicts Jesus to the senselence in the be at historical Testament would common New points. 20 In the teachings on many rejecting or people,able to pointless the imposask once and it—andof respectwith for Chrisend, the only which Jesus

is, In Christian. called right to It be it the sible. instance, for impos-...

tianity any use was an unhistorihad never hastheorv for hard dilemma sible to interpret the today man of J this "demythologized"a Jesus, cal Jesus, of to disturb the peace conceased of as schizophrenia or epilepsy a case ventional Christianity, and in times demoniac possession,"or, in Bultto use Bultmann's expression.

of crisis it has a way of taking on mann's own words, "It is impossible Speaking of revelation, Bultmann very solid forms. It was the grim to make use of electric light and writes: "The existence of such a voice

reality of World War II that forced radio, and, in case of illness, to claim that speaks when God, not as the idea of God.... but as my God, who herecertain German ministers—become the help of modern medical and

and now speaks to me through thechaplains—to ask old questions with clinical methods and at the same time

a new frankness, and at their head believe in the New Testament's spirits mouths of men, that is the 'deRudolf Bultmann, with inexorable and miracles."14 Is this a shocking mythologized'sense of 'the Word beof doctrine flesh,'the Church's came since world, logic, bids the Christian least the statement? nothing There is

21 It is with the the incarnation."old it. to accept the willing it is not a Over about bit new or radical

eschatology, to throw it away entirely. hundred years ago Charles Dickens history of the church as with its docTherebv he has turned a discrete denounced the Mormons as hopelessly trine, according to Bultmann: you

compromise into a cruel dilemma for deluded and mentally incompetent only accept of that history what you the clergy. 11 because they were actually guilty of personally feel is useful to you; ChrisBultmann begins with the premise "seeing visions in an age of railtianity, he says, is the "eschatological

that the entire New Testament ways!"15 Since it is agreed that railphenomenon that brings the world to

eschatology is pure mythology and roads and visions cannot possibly go an end; it is not a historical phenomenothing else. There is nothing revotogether, why has Bultmann so upset non of the past, but is the word of

lutionary about that: it is what the the clergy by saying only what they that Grace which destroys and in

scholars have been saying for many themselves have believed all along? destroying makes alive."22 The decyears, only, unlike Bultmann, they It is because he will not let them laration that one should take and

have steadfastly refused to draw the keep their Christianity and deny it at believe from the scriptures only what logical conclusion from that convicthe same time. "The great differone wants to has led to loud protion or face its inevitable conseence between Bultmann's teachings tests from the churchmen.

quences. "The picture of the world and the Liberalism of the 1900's,"Yet what else have they been doing

we find in the New Testament is a writes Henderson, is that "it elimiwith the Bible all these years? "We

mythological one,"we are now told; nates the mythological, instead of inare thankful,"wrote Schweitzer years

it served well enough in its time, but terpreting it."1 "If it is a myth, Bultago, "that we have handed down to us

it is no good any more. "When the mann argues, why not treat it as only gospels, not biographies, of

New Testament... describes the such? It is his conclusion, not his Jesus."23 The scholars have shown

saving action of God in Jesus Christ premise, that shocks. Yet with the by word and deed that they do not

... it describes this action in terms premise all the damage is done. Over want to know any more about Christ

of the contemporary mythological fifty years ago a professor of Old than they do; instead of joyfully emconception of the world.... It was Testament could write without shockbracing the priceless discoveries which

natural for the gospel to be stated in ing a single scholar: "It is impossible from the Didache to the Dead Sea

these terms, for that was the outlook from the modern point of view to reScrolls have brought us step by step of the age."12 But such terms are gard Abraham and Moses as historinearer to a knowledge of the true

decidedly not natural for our age, cal characters: they are simply myths. Church of Jesus Christ as it existed

Bultmann insists: "It is impossible... All the accounts from Saul to anciently, they have fought those

for the man of today to accept the Solomon are mythologicalastrological documents at every step. 24 If the

mythology of the New Testament. presentations. It is clear that all deresurrected Jesus were to walk among

... As long as this is taken at its face tails concerning the persons and their them they would waste no time be902 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

it, but itseechingcoasts"—theyhim "tohavedepartthe onlyfrom Jesustheir beingis hardsaid,to imaginebut withouttheirBultmannever beingit wasearlystrictlyChristiansorthodoxwere doctrineall for and the

they want, and they will thank you said by modern pastors and priests, was a mistake just the same, "a false not to complicate things by introducfor the charges against that alarmliterary genre, whose overheated iming new evidence. In the same spirit ing man are precisely those to which aginings leave hardheaded people (Zes

a great German classical scholar once they are most susceptible themselves. gens de sangfroid) unimpressed."For

expressed to the author his disapFor Bultmann by calling a spade a Lagrange it was all "a huge exertion proval of studying Oriental sources. spade is smoking out the temporizers in which a few flashes of hon

They disturb the neatness, compactand spiritualizers by forcing them to sens illuminated a brainsick nightness, symmetry, simplicity, and pertake a stand. Many years ago Bultmarc....

manence of our mental picture of the mann himself jarred a cornerstone of That is how it all looked to the safe

Greeks, he explained. "liberal"religion with the announceand solid world of 1909. But what do

It is accepted practice to rewrite ment that "a revealed religion must we read today in a leading Catholic the Gospels at will, provided one insist that it is the only true religion, journal? "We know that thou hast

employs the proper jargon. But in nothing less than the Truth,"29 therebeen with us daily until now, and that

frankly admitting that he is out to by declaring that the true church thou shalt be with us forever,"writes reshape Christianity to something must be a "narrow,"not a "liberal"the editor in Church Latin, making a nearer to the heart's desire, Bultmann one. necessary concession to the official

has gone too far. "I do not want We believe that Bultmann is quite viewpoint, which definitely frowns

my eschatology deeschatologized,"wrong in choosing to throw away upon teachings of the Second Comcries the eminent scholar Millar Burthe old Christian eschatology in that ing, 31 "Thou dwellest among us, near rows. 25 "It is one thing,"he says, the ministry has no chance but to us, in the land which is thine and

"for a theologician to say that demonoppose him; but he is quite right ours.. But now has come a time

ology is for him a mythological exin insisting on the terrible truth in which thou must appear to us perience of the reality of suffering and that if you don't throw it away you again, and give to this generation a evil in the world; it is something else have to believe it! There he has the sign that thou canst not put off nor

for an exegete to say that Jesus himministry checkmated, or rather they deny.... For thou seest, Christ,

self did not believe in demons. You have checkmated themselves, for it our need, thou knowest how great is

cannot have accurate, realistic exegeis they who for over a century and a our necessity, our helplessness, our sis if you are not prepared and willing quarter have with a single voice poverty, our desperation; thou knowto find ideas that you cannot achurled against the Mormons the est how badly we need thy coming,

cept."-'1 You cannot demythologize awful charge of actually believing how necessary is thy return. Come,

the history in the New Testament no in visions, miracles, and the visitation Christ, even as lightning, and as matter how badly you want to, Oscar of angels! And now Bultmann tells lightning depart; only appear to us,

Cullmann protests, because after all them they must believe in those hear our prayer: come and go and

it never was mythology or allegory things, too, or else forget about them. speak but one word, one coming and

departing. was meantand never was But what the one now complicates to be—it

real fondhistory. to Bultmann game, 27 What the embarrassment "Send of both us a sign—lightning... in the

ly thinks is a clear, detached, objecplayers, is the increasingly frequent sky or a light by night: let the heavtive view of things, his vaunted and maddeningly unpredictable inens be opened, let the night be

Vorverstdndnis, is nothing but the troduction of new pieces onto the lighted: give us but an hour of thine

scientific tradition he has inherited, board. New discoveries of documents eternity; in place of thy long silence

says von Dobschutz, a thing that conare "compromising"modern Chrisgive us but one word.... We do not,

ditions the thinking of every scholar tianity more deeply all the time, makwe do not ask for a great descent in whether he admits it or not. And as ing it harder and harder for anyone heavenly glory, nor for the splendor

to this business of picking out of the who would call himself a Christian of the Transfiguration.... Often

scripture as the substance of your to brush the old eschatological teachafter the resurrection didst thou apfaith whatever suits your fancy and ings aside. At the same time the pear to the living, and to those who

rejecting what does not, what does realities of the hydrogen bomb and meant to hate thee... didst thou

that lead to? "Bultmann floats in the very real possibility of world deshow thy countenance.... Thou,

Bible and theology from one concept struction have occasioned a worldwho didst so often return for but to another,"von Dobschutz writes, wide resurgence of eschatological a few, why dost thou not now re- "but everything remains idea without thinking. turn but once for all of us? If they

substance. One forgets entirely that Fortyseven years ago Father Ladeserved to see thee... surely we in

Primitive Christianity was actually grange could dismiss the apocalyptic our utter desperation deserve to see a very concrete phenomenon."28 presentation of the old eschatology thee.... Never has thy word been

It is high time these things were with contempt: true, he admitted, it so necessary as it is today... the

rule of Satan has reached its full maturity... the only remaining hope

is in thy return.

"Return, O Christ, return!... We

expect thee, Christ, at this endtime;

we expect thee daily, although we are unworthy and although our desire is

(Continued on page 953) DECEMBER 1955 903 Hastily saddling his horse he rode a mile to one ranch—a mile to another, until he had stopped at every home.

of theThe Glory TUMBLEWEED by Ruth Sporleder

Jack and forth across the valat their expense. On Christmas Eve ness in the air, for suddenly the wind

>W* ley, between the hills and the they gathered around the tree at had stopped blowing. The tumblewide, gray benches, the useless tumsome rancher's home, and one would weed lay motionless on the ground.

bleweed had been rolled and tossed tell the story of the Christ Child who In the sky, back of the mountains, by the everblowing summer winds. was born in a manger, and they was a heavy gray cloud.

The autumn storm had sent it scurrywould sing the old songs of Christ- "Snow tomorrow,"said a rancher ing to pile high in the fence corners; mas. to his wife, as he looked at the clouds.

now it was winter; the snow would But not this year! There was no "A white Christmas—but for all of

come to cover the tumbleweed. When money for the oranges and candy, us in this valley, a gray Christmas

the snow came, the children knew it and no one felt like singing. There as gray as those clouds."

would soon be Christmas. had been a serious sickness among "It is the children I think of,"

The half dozen ranchers in the the children that fall, and in heaven replied his wife. "They ask all the

valley were troubled about Christmas. there was a new little angel who was time at whose house will be the

Not that they had ever had a trejust learning to find his way to his Christmas tree, and will they have mendous celebration, but there had little window where he could look an orange and some candy for Christalways been a gift, an orange, candy down on the earth. mas. We have sewed and knitted

for each child, and a small tree, At last it was the day before little gifts—but very little."

brought by the engineer of the train Christmas. There was a great still- "It was so hot and so dry,"said

904 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "What is this, anyway?"shouted

the engineer angrily when he reached the fire. "I break all the rules because

I think your home is burning, and it's only an old tumbleweed bonfire."

"No, no,"replied a rancher, quietly. "This is a golden Christmas

tree. It's all we could give the children this year."

The passengers silently looked at one another, remembering the abundance of gifts they were taking home with them. The children stopped

their play and drew closer.

"Why,"said a woman with a warm, lovely smile, "it is very fortuthe rancher, "everything blew away est in the world. It goes way up to nate that you lighted your Christmas

everything but that useless tumbleheaven!"tree. This is the Santa Claus train,

weed."Every man took his place beside and we have many packages on

"It is good for nothing,"sighed the tree, lighted his match and board for little boys and girls."

his wife, "not even to build a fire to watched as his tiny flame grew and "Did Santa Claus put some on warm the house."grew and joined the other flames. board for us?"asked a little boy,

At that moment a strange little The children shouted and danced "Mom said maybe he couldn't see puff of wind suddenly sent a bit of with joy. The golden sparks, like us because no one had a lightedup

tumbleweed against the rancher's tiny golden stars, rose higher and tree, and it's real dark on the prairie."

boots. He frowned as he looked at higher toward the stars above. "But you have a beautiful lightedit. Then his face cleared. Flinging Far up the railroad, the engineer up tree,"said the woman, "and we

his arms about his wife, he held her saw the sudden bright glow. "Oh, will go right back and find the packclose. not that, dear God,"he prayed. ages."

"The children shall have their "They have had so much trouble. One of the ranchers returned with

Christmas tree,"he exclaimed. "A We've got to get there and help the passengers to the train. Everybig, golden tree that they will always them."one happily shared his gifts until

remember! I will get the other men, The train with its single baggage there was a pile of gaily wrapped

and we will gather these tumbleweeds, car and passenger coach doubled packages spread on a blanket. They

and build a high tree. When the speed. It came to a jolting stop near tied the corners of the blanket todarkness comes tonight, we will light the fire, and the engineer jumped gether and lifted it onto the rancher's

it. It will be like a million candles from his cab and ran toward the fire. back. "Merry Christmas, Merry

shining."The passengers erupted from the pasChristmas to all,"they called.

Hastily saddling his horse, he rode senger coach and ran with him. "Merry Christmas,"replied the

a mile to one ranch, a mile to another rancher, "and may God bless you until he had stopped at every home. and give you the happiest Christmas

Soon, from all directions, the wagons you have ever had."

began to converge on a central place When the red and green lights of on the prairie. As they came on, the SONG AT CHRISTMAS the Christmas train had disappeared

drivers stopped and picked up the in the distance, the ranchers and the tumbleweeds and piled them on the By Elaine V. Emans children gathered around the golden

wagons. h, was the vibrant night the angels said, heart of the tumbleweed tree. One

Again and again the wagons went "Peace on the earth, good will to men,"told again the wonderful story of the out, and higher and higher from its so far blessed Christ Child, and again they of Christmas.broad base rose the pile of tumbleTheirAway andmessagelong agoringsthatno overheadlonger, while the sang the old songs

weeds. It was higher than the highStar, Slowly the golden embers faded.

is Star, tonight dazzling dim? lovely The driftedest snowflakes that the tallest high A few wandering house—so

Is a longer, there going now, no down sleepy children, could standingrancher, downward. on his wagon, The of in restless search hearts weary Him, Of

not toss another tumbleweed to the So beautiful, so dear, in Bethlehem town? treasuring their gifts, were lifted intop. to the wagons.

My heart, the night, the Star, the words of "A white Christmas,"said the That Christmas Eve when the cheer darkness began to settle on the Are close and quite discernible and sweet rancher to his wife, "for all of us, a heart, will flourthe "Peace on earth"I call will anymerry one. Neverprairie the mountains between and And,

ish here useless, for if thing not been it had gray benches,the wide, the wagons intellects souls and countless and When came again. This time, from each feet for the tumbleweed, our children

wagon tumbled the happy children. AbandonAll little pathsevery toroadpeaceto war,o'er hillandandfollowhollow. would not be so happy tonight."

They raced toward the pile of tum- A new little angel, looking out of bleweeds, shouting, "We're going to his window, smiled happily to himhave a Christmas tree. It's the highself.

DECEMBER 1955 905.

Bennett Solomon Mack by ArchibaldPARTF.

SECRETARY, GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY and His Family

August 17, 1777 the New Keene militia) quickly summoned his comgue, Mass. Having somewhat rewith "arms pany and ammunition,"and covered from his serious injuries, heOnHampshire Militia attacked the the "about of the middle forenoon"had

welltrained and disciplined Hesthem drawn up facing the south across the went with his two sons to serve his sian soldiers. In a short time they had Square... with their muskets loaded. country at sea, where help was sorely

entirely encircled the soldiers in their Capt. Mack's company was drawn up opneeded.

commanding, strongly entrenched posite. An express had been sent to Winposition, defended by cannon. Led chesterof the Regiment.for Col. Alexander,Soon afterthethe commanderassembling a Soonprivateering,after I, wewithship'tmy twoaboardsons,a wentprivateerout

by Stark they stormed this position. of Howlett's company he arrived, and deof 114 tons, commanded by Capt. Havens,

For two hours there was incessant manded of Mack "if he intended to pursue there was about eighty men on board. We

fighting, which became hand to hand his object. 'I do,'replied he, 'at the hazard were chased by five British privateers; they

encounters after the ammunition was of my life.''Then,'said the Colonel emdrove us in upon Horseneck, where we got

exhausted. Captain Elisha Mack of phatically,for you shall'you notmustbe preparepermittedfor eternity,to take somethem ofto ourbear gunsupon ontheshore;enemy.we WebroughtexGilsum commanded one of the comvengeance, in this irregular mode, on any changed a great many shots; they shattered

panies, and his company and regiment men, even if they are Tories.'This resolute our vessel and cut away our rigging. The

took a prominent part in the fight. speech cooled the ardor of many. After next day our officers went up into town,

deliberating awhile, five repaired his our and ordered party hauld Mack vessel—then casualties of their showed namesThe

to off led face about, short and the cast distance from a anchor them wharf—then"that Captain Mack's was company southward; the rest militia and every into to their then board on went went man

in the hottest of the fight."the meetinghouse."Seeing the determinaexcept myself in the month of March.

The brillant victory won that day tion of his superior officer whose orders Very soon I espied two Rowgallies, two raised the spirits of the people and he was under obligations to obey, and no sloops (and) two schooners. I rallied all

relieved them from fear of destruction ceedingdoubt beginningwas entirelyto unlawful,realize thatCapt.his Mackproweighedhands on anchor;deck; theythenquickhauledobeyedby theand sidewe

of their homes and property by invasoon after led his company back silently of the wharf but had only time to get two sion. Captain Elisha Mack was also toward home.... cannon out on the point of land, and two

in the battle of Stillwater, which reThere is no doubt that Capt. Mack, who on the stern of the vessel. This engage-

a bold officer in honored and ment the in began the servenemy morning—the insulted the surrender of Burgoyne was

his ice of country, stirred side a bullets us gave broad to was the and the up where entire army. 42and his expedition of it struck the by zealous of the some of appearance had a furrow Whigs

Keene, who were afraid to be seen in it made by a plough. Staddles (supports) in

Elisha Capt. Mack, was building who themselves. felt of all cut the great asunder. gun shot was the importance He One

firstthe bridge across the Ashuelot where the of breaking up Rowgallies of bands, the point Tory land round went and his the stands, Stone Bridge the hero was now action, in, rash, though illconsidered, us ran and near they had hem and to of the Raid, notorious took Keene which futile its in results, immediate aground, but with arms had without we killed our4-'5 smallplace Tories, 31, 1779. Gilsum had no May a salutary doubt forty influence.43 of the enemy.

while considerable a number. had Keene Stephen, in son the with company My

refusedThirteen to Association sign the boys, to sent far was a house not from families cabin boys the in the Even Mack fledTest, others for there season. a and But the shore, with as Just a wounded man.

left to excite suspicion enlistwere still the enough to in eager the American were they entered the house, eighteenpounder an of of patriots that the zealousand wrath son, cause. Elisha Captain Mack's followed them. in engaged was woman A

day. Capt. assembled a company. Mack frying cakes, at time, the being someand enlisted in a 18, 1779, Mack, Jr., July

... several sent night in the He men retire alarmed, what to she into concluded to Berkshire Massachusetts, Company, theguard the houses Tories were where the cellar, saying, as she left, the that boys

to reside 1779 suspected regiment. (and wereknown July 25, who On two might have the cakes, as she was going

provisions) theof furnishing with enemy young sons of Solomon Mack, Jason below.

into sunrise"At at the rode he head Keene this, in at boys highly delighted enlisted were as privates The and Stephen, hisof with party sword; and a drawn when feasting they and cooking went to work and Elihu Captain company, Lyman's to of a the ordered Tory, househe he came lady's cakes, the sweet upon while the Porter's Elisha Colonel Hampshire sentinel, to 'turn atthe the door, standing artillery of the contending armies was

prisoner.'the beingout prisoner The regiment. Massachusetts, Company, ears, their in thundering dealing death out

brought out, and placed in the midst of his Their record reads: "discharged Aug. and destruction on every hand. At the

party, houses proceeded onward."he Their this of head of party boys, Stephen 1 was at service, days, 12 31, 1779; mo. for provisions searchedwere and ammunifearless Mack, second son, a bold and my including Conn., 5 days London, Newtion, colof as suspected they were making stripling of fourteen. 44

forlections of British, supplies the travel but Elisha, miles) home."(105 this contest In far the superior was enemy

of took importance found.nothing was He for in similar period. a was Jr., to in point of us yet numbers, mainwe

... prisoners to tavern. Hall'sthe "and tained is our ground such valor that It with they this that evident time by

inconfined a chamber."them

it to better us, leave thought accordand to Solomon Montahad moved Mack of the Davis Capt. Howlett (commander

so. ingly did were) pleased enough (We

Revolutionary Rolls of N. H., Vol. I, pp. 325, j lister y of Gilsum, N. H., pp. 160161, 439441; at the sight; for if we had been taken what

454, 65, 67, 196, 226, 227; History of Gilsum, N. H., History of Keene, N. H., pp. 241242.

p. 38; History of Keene, N. H., pp. 219, 220, 226, Massachusetts Soldiers and Sailors in the War of 45A Narrative of the Life of Solomon Mack, pp.

229. the Revolution, Vol. X, pp. 108109. 1214.

906 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA would our punishment have been. Next in Hampshire Co. to serve in the Contifishing voyage, and so I went two voyages.

hoistedwe third Army, as returned in the by cabin voyage sail and made for New Lonnental I was Noah GoodThe when yrs.; stature, Idon/ 16 age as man, Superintendent; deck. a I heard rout on sprang up

5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; quick as possible and there being a terrible

This must have occurred in March, occupation, farmer; engaged for town of hurricane as ever I saw in my life, both

1780. They returned to their home in Montague; engaged April 2, 1781; term, 3 masts was carried overboard and if they

Montague, Massachusetts, where there years;Col. Rufusalso, Private,Putnam'sCapt.(5th)John regt.;Trotter'smusterco., hadgraves.not..we. Ourmust Capt.all haveand allfoundhandswateryapwere dams and bridges and mills to roll for April, 1781, dated West Point.30 peared to be greatly surprised but we was

be built. Here on January 31, 1780 all spared through the tempest, we ought

Solomon's daughter, Lovisa Mack, Stephen was actually, at this time, to be thankful to our God for a few mofor 47 thought repentance; of fifteen but age. yet ments years not we The Tuttle. to marriedwas Joseph

of things. these nothing his circumstances enwith connected his this date both and Solomon By left all myself her but hands and The sister, related are listment by his Lucy lost fathers theirwife Lydia by had hull, fast stuck that the son; and by we my

death. The inventory of the estate Mack Smith: night we caught 25 large fish; but by jury

into Liverpool. her worked masts we We ofof East Gates Daniel Haddam, officer into recruiting the neighcame A sailed vessel another board and went on

for soldiers draft to the Revolutionborhood 5, OctoberConnecticut, taken was reFoster for Halifax. Capt. Meanwhile

of a out called war, ary he and company will, his In September 1775. dated to his Haliproceeded schooner paired and

in to brother militia belonged which my

I his fax there Gates bought found Daniel had he and 1, 1769, me; Deacon

to as best such take order were therefrom

I to able fortune vessel was good and by his to Lydia bequests "daughtermade brother, to qualified duty. military do My eight pounds. except purchase the 48 whole pay of at land. into piece the to a anxious very go including being armyMack,"

St. I to John's, took then a freight went and

and on our return to Halifax we were overtaken by a gale of wind and well nigh lost all hands, vessel and cargo. We however made for Mount Desert and obtained

it. I was very uneasy about my property,

but thought of nothing else. We repaired

our vessel and returned to Halifax; this was

the first of January, such a day I never saw before nor since; nothing but confusion;

almost every sailor was intoxicated, myself

Ullliii amongst the rest....

The next day I sailed up the bay of Funday and wintered at Hawton. There I

made an agreement to take thirty passengers on board (at eight dollars per head) and carried them to New London and brought them back again in the spring.

So I returned to Halifax and took in a freight of dry goods, and again sailed for

Hawton. On our passage we struck on a

reef and employed other small vessels to take her loading and carry it to Liverpool harbour and secure it; and then I informed

the sundry owners of the circumstance. But

I soon got my vessel off again, but it cost me one dollar an hour for each man. The

Gilsum, New Hampshire, birthplace of Lucy Mack Smith, daughter of Solomon and cost being so much, I was obliged to sell

Lydia Mack. her to defray the expences. Again I was

left destitute of property.

health, this recovered time by I had my fearful time, that so be he would wasOf his own father's death Solomon this I empty. to return willing not and was his the of age that passed account on bywrote: obto again work and immediately went his face large in stood drops and sweat on

industry. vessel honest the tained by same leaf. like Fortunately he shook aspen an life 1777. in this departed Ebenezer Mack

coasting, to follow next business was My of officer choice the among him made backlog, to to fetch in the a door wentHe

I fall at late and in Salem landed the but others, conthe entered he army and and instantly after forestick returned aand and

I sick. weeks there lay some very taken was of his until the service in country tinued floor. the deaddropped You on may down

I to family returned recovered and my when this seventeen. time During he was was this lives a hesee are dependent on our by

in time of years, four after which 40 absence an sea, battles, in land both on and manysupreme independent God. and

I them. from heard not had several death times escaped narrowly and

I family little property and very had my but, acfamine; to according by his own also Lydia deprived had Death of account doors out on turned been into count, whenever brought a had he was

of her mother Lydia,Gates Mack I took that those in of confidence placing fully situation to realize his entire dependAugust 14, 1778. The youthful ence upon God, the hand of providence was to be my friends, but by unjust dealing

51 of propdollars of took they hundreds my in reenlisted manifested deliverance. always the in his ConStephen Mack

. of nature at the reader, look erty... Kind

this fortinental three time Army, silver for will and they do what mankind, finally Revolutionary The War reads: of hisyears. service record The all this after labor earth, hard gold, but to a peace came close, and was signed.

MACK, STEPHEN. Receipt dated MontaSolomon Mack sought to build up his andand perplexitythe best ofof mind,my daysI hadwerewonpastnothingand

gue, March 24, 1781, for bounty paid said fortune by trading at sea. gone and had to begin entirely anew. I

to of serve the by town MontagueMack all I did not gone, was and thought now After the vessel freighted a and war we for ofin term the the Continental Army I lived died. or But, care howwhether

to Liverpool sold our loading went and and list years; raised descriptive also, of3 men shifted plan ever, from work and I went to

shipt Foster's aboard Capt. and went a to plan.52 History Mother, His il}The Smith Joseph Lucy By of

Smith, "Montaguepp. 6-7.Vital Records, p. 91. theMassachusettsRevolution, p.Soldiers109. and Sailors in the War of (Continued on page 987)

Colchester49A NarrativeWills,of theVol.Life4, ofpp.Solomon155156,Mack,232. p. 3. Smith,Historyp. 21.of Joseph Smith By His Mother Lucy 17.S2A Narrative of the Life of Solomon Mack, pp. 14DECEMBER 1955 907

DIANA IN THE CHINA SHOP she simply has more imagination than is escapade person. Illustrated Lattimore. Frances one (Eleanor One for any by healthy

this book, in hilarious and follows another author.JCefs Read the William Junior Books, Morrow

Morrow & Company, New York. 1955. 128 the imagination of Louis Darling's illusthis writing in trations points pages. the fun $2.25.) up This Qmstmas of FfciANA Cleary, Huggins author Henry by Beverly had always longed to help her grandmother in the Old China Shop in their and other books. A. H.

home in Charleston. The beautiful, fragile

ELLIE'S PROBLEM DOG objects fascinated her, but sometimes she THE BOY ON LINCOLN'S LAP (Catherine Woolley. Morrow Junior Books, despaired of ever becoming really helpful. (Jerrold Beim. William Morrow and ComWilliam Morrow & Company, New York. Then came a thrilling incident which pany, New York. 1955. $2.00.)

1955. 159 pages. $2.50.) proved to Grandmother that she was a re- 4 group of boys carelessly play on and

old her dear since died of Pete I7VER age, sponsibleyoung lady. of Lincoln, and about a statue Abraham

*-* sorely, Ellie missed had and him when later determine learn Lincoln, about and ownerless appeared dog one day, an their statue. her to to the show respect How

the stray to him. heart Although went out tragedy, to near turn to do good endeavors

Ellie's family for or appeal dog held no a pal, they turn an enemy into and how efforts to neighbors, her win over and them interesting an entertainment provides and to train "Brownie"combine to make a heartexcellent example to the young reader. It

warming story for the eight to twelve year is a realistic story made even more delightold.—E. J. M. ful by the effective illustrations of Tracy

Sugarman. A. H.

THE CHILDREN OF GREEN KNOWE (L. M. Boston. Harcourt, Brace and ComWINGS IN YOUR FUTURE

pany, New York. 1955. 157 pages. $2.75.) (Leo Schneider and Maurice U. Ames. Har-

"Deal life and fantasy mingle in the most court, Brace and Company, New York.

satisfactory way in this unusual book, 1955. $2.75.)

which is a story both for adults and for 4 lthough described as "aviation for young the youngest children. It is illustrated people,"the principles of air travel, incharmingly with sketches by Peter Boston. structions for simple home experiments of

—E. J. M. flight principles, explanations of jet propulsion and its future, and a simulated

SANDY AND THE SEVENTEEN flight from New York to Chicago giving

BALLOONS details of flight preparation and control, all (Jane Thayer. Morrow Junior Books, Wilblend into one of the most interesting

liam Morrow & Co., New York. 48 pages presentations a young person or a layman

(with illustrations). 1955. $2.00.) could read. A. H.

Dalloons, unfortunately, do not last for-—Frank J. Miller photo

ever, and Sandy was heartbroken when THE POWER OF POSITIVE THINKING he popped his new balloon by hugging it FOR YOUNG PEOPLE too hard. Mother took him to buy a new Set in the quiet beauty of this gracious (Norman Vincent Peale. PrenticeHall, Inc.,

one, and Sandy had many experiences which Southern city, Diana's story will not fail New York. 1954. $2.95.)

caused many a chuckle to passersby as he to enchant Miss Lattimore's many readers. Through illustrating the problems of the

returned home, a tired little boy. E. J. M.—E. J. M. young by stories of the young,'Dr. Peale

JASON AND TIMMY reaches into the heart of teenagers and

THE SWANS OF WILLOW POND (Sally Scott. Harcourt, Brace and Company, helps develop the proper approach and

(Olive L. Earle. (Illus. by the author). MorNew York. 1955. $2.00.) attitude toward life and its complexities.

Specific the sucsuggestions are the key to Books, trueto-life Junior of Morrow this row story brothers two Wm. & ComJn

to cess of this counsel is good book which pages. $2.00.) 1955. 64 pany, New York. Sally of Scott fun, and a rousing morning

Wallow Pond was exactly right for a swan has once again portrayed a group of real young people. A. H.

nursery. In the spring, the young cob boys who will quickly seem like friends to

and his mate built their nest on its bank interested young readers. Beth Krush has TIM AND THE PURPLE WHISTLE

. and settled down to hatch the greenishgray made the pictures enhance the story all (Julie Forsyth Batchelor. Drawings by Wm.

eggs. Soon five fluffy cygnets paraded through the book. E. ]. M. H. Hutchinson. Harcourt, Brace & Comsolemnly on the treelined pond. pany, New York. 1955. $2.25.)

This story of a swan family during one EDDIE AND HIS BIG DEALS Oeing a peddler's boy was a new experience year comes vividly to life. The wonder- (Carolyn Haywood. William Morrow and for young Tim, who, in spite of himfully detailed drawings in black and white Company, New York. 1954. $2.95.) self was a scarycat, so his father had given

are especially dramatic. E. ]. M. 'Phis time Eddie's adventures develop from him a little tin whistle to blow when he

his big deals in the collection of "valuwas most frightened. How Tim, with his

Bigsy, learned to be a scarycat not dog able property."adventure humorous One SCHOOLCOUNTRY

story for makes memorable an exciting and follows harEddie another, and has some (Jerrold Beim. (Illus. by Louis Darling).

Morrow Junior Books, William Morrow & rowing experiences with girls, a printing the young. A. H.

Company, New York. 1955. 48 pages. $2.00.) press, a peacock on the loose, a doll, and

Jerrold Beim's understanding of a small a red wig. The stories of Eddie's bungles, FROG WENT A-COURTIN'

"boy's feelings and problems has made bobbles, and successes will be amusing to (John Langstaff. Illustrated by Feodor

him one of the most popular authors writyoung readers. A. H. Rojankovsky. Harcourt, Brace and Coming for young children today. pany, New York. 1955. $2.50.)

Tony's first day at school is a little BEEZUS AND RAMONA From the gay, multicolored pages of this frightening. Then Tony finds someone more (Beverly Cleary. William Morrow & Comdelightful book comes an adaptation of

frightened and lost than he, and the long pany, New York. 1955. $2.50.) an ageold ballad of the frog and the mouse

hall with its forbidding closed doors becomes t is not that fouryear-old Ramona deand of their ensuing wedding breakfast a gateway to a friendlv new world and liberately sets out to make trouble for with all their animal and insect friends.

a satisfying adventure. E. ]. M. her nineyear-old sister Beezus and others (Continued on page 986)

90 y THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Addresses delivered at the 126th

Semiannual General Conference,

General Conference Section September1955. 30, October 1, and 2,

President Stephen L President David O. President J. Reuben

Richards McKay Clark, Jr.

AN EXPRESSION OF GRATITUDE

by President David O. McKay

Being so ginning of gratitude; gratitude to succeed; AND SISTERS: RETHREN the comwounded wanted muchHi: is of the of keenly sensitive sickness; feelings great pletion thankfulness. tongues; "Gratitude barbed from

\ responsibility of this mothe heart's recognition of kindness that some of us have passed through the j ment, I crave an interest in the lips cannot repay."experience of death of loved ones; but

| your sympathetic attention I feel grateful and happy this mornthese are all incidents in life which, and especially in your faith ing for so many evidences of the goodwhen not understood, may harrow our and prayers. ness of the Lord that I wish I could feelings until we are crushed.

My feelings this morning can be exstrike a note of optimism that would I am aware, too, that there have been pressed in one jealousies, to the parts uttermost petty intrigues, I should reverberate of the meannesses, word—gratitude.

the Psalmist: fromlike to quote L. the Frank misunderstandings Church. In words of on occasions, and

"O give thanks unto the Lord; call Stanton: that men and women, magnifying these

upon his name: make known his deeds weaknesses of human nature, have made

among the people. "This world o'God's is brighter themselves miserable and perhaps scat-

"Sing unto him, sing psalms unto Than we ever dream or know; tered gloom instead of sunshine into

him: talk ye of all his wondrous works."Its burdens growin'lighter the hearts of their associates.

(Psalm 105:1-2.) An'it's Love that makes 'em so! But notwithstanding these disagreeGiving thanks means in this case, I An'I'm thankful that I'm livin'able, discouraging facts, I am sure that

am sure, a fulness of thanks, which is Where Love's blessedness I see, we have cause this morning to rise the outward expression of a grateful 'Neath a Heaven that's forgivin'above petty things and, as the Psalmist feeling. Gratitude is the feeling itself. Where the bells ring 'Home'to me!"says, make known among the people

That is in the heart. Thankfulness is the Lord's deeds, which are always good

measured by the number of words; I know that since our conference last and beautiful. Paraphrasing a familiar

gratitude is measured by the nature of April, many of us have had difficulties, song, let us, "Count our many blessour actions. Thankfulness is the bedisappointments, and failures where we (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1955 909 ments. Sister McKay and our party had

President David 0. McKay Continued the opportunity to attend only four concerts—the one held in Kelvin Hall,

Albert in Royal Hall, London; Glasgow;

it grateful one, ings; to you and one by Church. name them We are in Switzerland; Bern, for the Fest Hall and

inin the surprise devotion. will has Lord your have us what shown You in Switzerland. Zurich, in Tonhalle

at attendance creased meetsacrament done."

service the rendered by TaberThe I for sincerely devotion. ings things that so are hope which There many

credit their tour brought Choir on

I in nacle report that will not time thankful, improvement an should be may.we

state, to to our and the Church, and I these in order meetings sacrament them, but our and permit even naming as orour country other no perhaps at like call reverence. attention to your should

least to four or five: As members of the Church in our ganization has been able to do.

First: loyalty and devotion of the worshiping assemblies, we should imTo transport 379 members of a singpresiding priesthood of the Church. prove I think, in this regard. Presiding ing group with their escorts, making a

Second: the vitality and growth of the authorities in stake, ward, and quorum company of approximately 600, was a

Church. meetings, and especially teachers in herculean task. The difficulties of

Third: the success of the choir on its classes, should make special effort to transportation and hotel accommodarecent tour in Europe. maintain better order and more revertions had really just begun when they

Fourth: the dedication of the temple. ence during hours of worship and of landed at Greenock. But their tour, as

Fifth: the happiness we may secure in study. Less talking behind the pulpit you all know, proved to be successful

obedience to the restored gospel of Jesus will have a salutary effect upon those beyond our fondest hopes. At every

Christ. who face it. By example and precept concert they were given an ovation.

I haven't words to express my gratichildren should be impressed with the Elder Richard L. Evans especially, who

tude for the support and loyalty of inappropriateness of confusion and disgave the spoken word, Elder Lester F.

President Richards and President Clark order in a worshiping congregation. Hewlett, president of the choir, the diand the work they have carried on at They should be impressed in childhood, rectors, the organists, and every member

the office and throughout the Church. and have it emphasized in youth, that of the choir deserve the highest praise.

I make this public expression of my it is disrespectful to talk or even to The dignified attitude of the group as appreciation and gratitude, which apwhisper during a sermon, and that it a whole, their comely deportment, their plies also to the Council of the Twelve, is the height of rudeness to leave a evident sincerity of purpose, their rethe Assistants, the Seventy, the Bishopworshiping assembly before dismissal. sponsiveness, won the audience even

ric, and the Patriarch, and to all those Courtesy, respect, deference, and kind before they started to sing.

who preside in stakes and wards and consideration are all pleasing attributes Mr. Edmund J. Pendleton, music critic

quorums and organizations, in the presithat may be shown on all occasions, of the New York Herald Tribune of dencies of missions throughout the and wherever manifested contribute to Paris, France, wrote as follows: (I will

world. Nobody who has not come in the pleasure and sweetness of human read this one because I think it has not

contact with these men and women can relations. been published.)

realize their loyalty, their energy, and If there were more reverence in hu- "The simplicity of attitude and the devotion. I wish to express, too, appreman hearts, there would be less room evident sincerity on the part of every

ciation for the cooperation of the civic for sin and sorrow and more increased participant from the last chorister to authorities in our state and in nations, capacity for joy and gladness. To make the conductor, J. Spencer Cornwall, is

in the South Pacific, in Europe, and more cherished, more adaptable, more moving to behold. The wealth and

of the missions the wherever Church are are operating. these I know mere tuesattractive,is a thisprojectgem worthyamong ofbrilliantthe mostvirfreelyhealth consentedof the choir'sdiscipline,sonority,achievedand reits

words, but they express a true feeling united and prayerful efforts of every sults difficult to duplicate without a of gratitude. God bless them wherever officer, every parent, and every member similar faith in a job to be done. The

they are. of the Church. whole program was sung by heart, in

the most literal sense.

the Church Activity of Growth and Choir the Tabernacle Successful Tour of technical of side performthe "The of activity growth and as to the Now for joy gratitude reason and Another attack, quality, tone ance—balance, is in that many shown Church, the is successful recent this the morning satisshading, thoroughly diction—was ways: in choir of Europe. tour the factory, strong in certain and moments

in First, increase membership. in the thrilling."at reception given Greenthem The since that to pleased will know be You Provost, ock, Scotland, Mr. the when therefore, pleasure, It great gives me people over last 73,500 October, met we Porter, the Bagpipe Band and John exand public acknowledgment of to make misthe two joined Church; new have

city, took wharf, the gathered on that heart grateful of a thankfulness press the South sions have been organized—the ship, returned to the even a tug out and faithhis and to Elder Jack Thomas W. Elder attended Mission, by Australian

singers, of the group second with was first a suggested ful wife, Emma, who accomwas G. Romney, Marion who

I reroyal cannot almost a welcome. diligently so tour worked and European the Sister and Romney; panied by

that, because frain mentioning from funds, soliciting in enthusiastically and (the Mission East Far JapaSouthern

I fiftyeight before, on years the stood for faithfully so labored and who to the Northern Mission nese changed returnemigrants, wharf and saw same after transportathe looking in months President Mission) East where Far tugboat take missionaries the ing of the comforts physical out tion memand officiated, acFielding Smith Joseph

I liner. contrasted to our the ocean advisory to the choir; also of the Sister Smith, and by by companied

of attitude the feelings people the and Petersen, E. Mark is Heaton, Brother Grant Herald berscommittee—Elders who

fiftyeight reception this years ago with Richards, S. Bennion, LeGrand Adam MisFar East president Southern of the

that morning. of demasters themselves proved who great ground on sion—a opportunity—the conof tails, the application which in the afternoon, it was reThen laid for that division by Elder Harold

B. Lee and Sister Lee a few months peated by the Lord Provost of Glasgow tributed much to the success of the tour.

ago. and his Lady, Lord and Lady Andrew To President Paul C. Child, who with

Other missions are demanding similar Hood. As he stated, in his extemporaneMr. Charles D. DeKock, manager of the

attention. ous speech of welcome—as he laid aside Foreign Escorted Tours Department,

The activity and vitality of the his prepared speech—this is probably New York City, and Mr. Robert H.

Church are shown also in the increase the first time an organized group of the Smith, also representing the Foreign Esin tithing. Last year the tithing was Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday corted Tours Department of New York,

the largest we have ever had, and this Saints has been officially received in had complete charge of all the transyear up to September, it is 10.7 percent Scotland. That was Friday, August 19, portation problems as soon as the choir

higher than last. This is a very signifi1955. landed at Greenock, Scotland, until

cant index to the service, loyalty, and I shall let others who were constantly the final concert held in the Palais spirituality of the members of the with the choir report their achievede Chaillot Theater, Saturday night, 910 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA September 17, we wish to express deep When the time came to welcome the We here express appreciation to Presiappreciation. hundreds who crowded the rooms at dent William F. Perschon, President

These men, with Elder Richard L. the first session, it seemed proper to exSamuel E. Bringhurst, Elder Edward O.

Evans, worked night and day to make press also a welcome to an unseen, but Anderson, Elder Gordon B. Hinckley,

the trip successful. In London, for exseemingly real audience, among whom Elder Paul Evans, and all the missionample, when the tour managers were were possibly former presidents and aries and workers who rendered such

selling roundtrip tickets to the groundapostles of the Church, probably headed unselfish service to the fortunate membreaking ceremonies in Newchapel near by the Prophet Joseph Smith, to whom bers of the Church who were privileged

London, at a cost of two dollars each, was revealed the essential ordinances to go through the first temple in Europe.

Mr. DeKock worried all night about it of baptism for those who died without

and the next morning said to Brother having heard the gospel; also his The Gospel Plan the Greatest of All

Child: "This is a very important event, nephew, President Joseph F. Smith, who Blessings

and many people are coming from all prophesied fortynine years ago in the Truly, it is fitting to give thanks to over Great Britain and various other city of Bern that "temples would be the Lord and to talk of all his wondrous countries to attend; it would be a shame built in divers countries of the world."work; and in doing so, we must include

if members of the choir were not presAmong them, too, I thought surely might the greatest of all of his blessings—

ent."(That was not scheduled, you see, be numbered Elder Stayner Richards the sending of his Only Begotten Son to

originally.) "I am going to furnish the who was president of the British Mission give to all our Father's children redemptransportation free of charge to everyat the time those two temple sites in tion, and to those who will listen and

one who wishes to attend those servEurope were chosen. With these disobey the gospel, salvation and exaltaices."tinguished leaders we thought, too, there tion in the kingdom of our Father.

After he heard the choir concert in might have been departed loved ones Obedience to the principles of the gosManchester, England, the same gentlewhom "we could not see, but whose pel brings happiness, and happiness is man said: "Paul, I took this job as an presence we felt."At any rate, we all what all men seek. Indeed, the Prophet

objective thing; I want you to know from agreed that the veil between those who Joseph Smith said that "Happiness is

this hour on it is subjective. I have participated in those exercises and loved the object and design of our existence,

never been so lifted up in all my life! ones who had gone before seemed very and will be the end thereof"—and thisI am going to give everything I have to thin. is important—"if we pursue the path

the success of this tour."Again, we take opportunity to express that leads to it."As an end in itself,

Mr. Robert R. Mullin who handled publicly appreciation to the architects, happiness is never found; it comes incithe overall publicity of the choir tour contractors, technicians, and workers dentally. Note: "It will be the end

and worked in conjunction with the who labored long and faithfully to have thereof if we follow the path that leads

J. Walter Thompson Company in Euthe temple completed for dedication on to it, and this path is virtue, uprightness,

rope, told Elder Mark E. Petersen that that day. Two nights before that servfaithfulness, holiness, and keeping all

his company was so much in sympathy ice, workmen labored all night long and the commandments of God."(Teachwith the overall purpose of the choir expressed themselves as doing it willings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, pp.

tour that they did all of their work at ingly. 255256.) "Happiness consists not of

of of possessing, having, but cost, charging agency comwithout any being—not It that regular been had announced

is It of enjoying. of a but glow is warm case. as usuallymission the such ordinance not work would commence

itself. at the heart peace with martyr A all firms business individuals and To until morning, 18, September Monday stake at the that happiness a have may their contributed towardswho money efforts but indefatigable of the through

his king throne envy. might on this of Man eventful the expensespaying B. Elder assisted Hinckley, Gordon by

is of creator It his the happiness. own gratitour, publicly express our we now it others, Elder Paul Evans and was

is life of the lived in aroma harmony intude. that saying hesitancy no I have that reported ac- a might be company

ideals. with high a For what has man will, of in the standpointfrom good the of commodated 16th the on morning

others; be dependent he upon may what betterfostering understanding between final following the dedicatory service

is rests he alone. with he him state, What our country, Church,our our and night. Thursday

is life in obtains acquisition; but what visited, nationsthe has European money

never been spent more profitably. Accordingly, two sessions were schedhe attains is true growth."

for Germanspeaking uled continues: people—one Jordan George William difficulties and there course, were Of at the o'clock in the morning, and 7 is of love the of basis happiness "The these tragedies, but eveninconveniences, 1 the at from other But p.m. members itself. every outside Search something undertaking, great to incident anyare said, will choir "the Mission French in world, of the happiness instance and herculean of especially such oneand if, night, Paris Saturday while in and be all incidental find, the will you when six hundred transporting asproportions here, are present through could go we we is there eliminated, are always features thirty days. in over Europepeople for that, get temple the and we home of element unchangeable constant, the

after the looked doctors the who it."appreciate To Accordingly, should we of for love child; of parent love—love all to choir and of thehealth members their as Friday, p.m. 5:00 gave them for other (huseach and woman man in in assisted makanyothers way who to the temple. opportunity through go of in love wife); humanity band and express successful, this tour nowing we life or a great into R. President form, T. work Eben came some Then appreciation. thanks deepour and

all his the individual representing Swedish Blomquist, the throws which people, who said, "if we could come at energies.

Dedication of the Swiss Temple 9:00 o'clock at night, we would be will- "Happiness is the voice of optimism,

Another cause for rejoicing this morning to wait over so that we could reof faith, of simple, steadfast love,"ining (and I tell you it is a most signifiturn Saturday in accordance with our terest in some great cause, that is worthy of history in the as event ancant one of sessions, instead schedule."two So life's workers: fellow work. of a My

is of the dedication thethe Church) resulting four, in continual granted of is we cause worthy the "Great What soil, first Sunday, European on temple sessions o'clock Friday seven from mornlife's restored work?"our Church The

sessions 11, 1955, two withSeptember night. until o'clock ing seven Saturday greater Christ! Is there anything Jesus of day succeeding eachthat day, two and all in world? the Netherlands the Misfrom Members 15.until The September Thursday,

Tabernacle Choir was present and fursion had been invited to come Saturday My heart rejoices that we have the nished the music, with Sister Ewan morning at 7:30. They were there, and privilege of working together to estabHerbrecht as soloist. The choir and the workers who had worked all night, lish through that Church the kingdom

Sister Harbrecht never sang more feelwho were necessary to guide the workers of God on earth.

ingly than they did at both the mornfrom Holland, continued on duty. May our great life's work be the

ing and afternoon sessions of the first The faithful members endured the promulgation of the restored gospel, that day of the dedication. I wish all meminconveniences gladly because the priviGod's purposes may be consummated

bers of the Church might have felt the lege of going through the temple at that for the peace and happiness of manintensity of the spiritual services on that time was a great accommodation to kind, I humbly pray this morning, in memorable occasion. them. the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1955 911 Needed: A Converted Ministry

by President Stephen L Richards

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

—"y dear brethren and sisters: time, we have some clarification and which presides over all. So I appeal to

J I thank the Lord for the consequent liberalization in the calling the presiding officers to make a diliVim inspiration of this great of our young men to serve as foreign gent search and make recommendations, conference, coming to us missionaries. A foreign missionary is and I appeal to all who receive calls

from lovely singing, part one who serves outside the stake where to respond with glad hearts to embrace - of which we have just he lives. It has long been the practice the glorious opportunities of missionlistened to, and from the lofty, inspiraof the Church to utilize young men for ary service.

tional messages of our brethren. I humthis service. I wish here to express my Missionary service is strenuous. Its

bly pray that I may contribute a little own gratitude and that of the officers success depends on energy and intellito the appreciation of the great work and membership of the Church for the gent devotion to its ideals and proin which we are engaged and to its adyoung men who have so dutifully, willcedures. Good health is a requisite for

vancement in the world. I think the ingly, and faithfully responded to their mission eligibility, at least in the formissionary work of the restored Church missionary calls. What a glorious and eign missionary service. Our missionof our Lord has received major emphasis admirable segment of our society are aires travel in pairs. No one goes alone.

at this conference. The extended and these young men of the Church! They One sick or disabled man detains anoutstanding labors of our beloved Presiare the pride of the communities from other from his work and often retards

dent; the dedication of a European which they come. the performance of important responsitemple with the prospect of others to Young men are well adapted to misbilities. So, while we cannot insure

follow; the historymaking tour of the sionary service. They have the physical against unforeseeable sickness and accichoir over the seas to foreign lands; the strength and stamina; they have the dent in the mission field, we must take

organization of new missions on the mental alertness; they have the adaptaevery precaution to assure physical fitother side of the world, and the exbility and the buoyance of youth, and ness and good health before departure

tended visits of existing missions by our when properly conditioned for the servon these assignments.

ice, they spiritual have the all receptiveness served of thebrethren Twelve, have If of our any suffer disappeople to bring firmness a of conviction misarrest them attention focus our onto and pointment of because our requirements testimony that and to extent contagious becomes probablysionary an work for health as good a requisite to the to those serve. they of history in the the exceedednever whom foreign missionary calling, they hope we innate its of early goodness these in except beThe perhaps youngChurch, take a of may measure in comfort the

shines their from proportion very men countevast such aginning when realization that the to missionary work nances, as visit they of of the energies theof people the the and homes means is be accomplished immeasurable, and people. gosof carrying the the to devotedwere it is that just as to important bring the

It alto that observation lands. foreignpel has been my gospel their to next as neighbors door

these missionaries quickyoung, encouragement, what though and What an to one of our Father's children ten thouthis all those ly attain judgrejoicing in thought, a maturity has brought to sand miles away.

is of the latter that Lord's ment, love the and without wisdom workwho pass of I cannot mention by without for exparallel age. of heard their those aredays! every As hand On

of the preparation phases for our some gratification freof religion indicative ministers are ofpressions the they and joy of the people in these accomquently confronted with important missionaries. We have had a little

plishments. They voice their love for problems and situations of vital nature difficulty in recent years in convincing

and admiration of the President, their to those concerned. They handle orsome public officials that our young men

jubilation over the successful trip of the ganizational matters; they deal with possess the qualifications to be classichoir, and their expectation of great delicate domestic problems; they give fied as ministers of religion. Legally

results to follow. fatherly counsel to young and old alike; now the point is pretty well cleared.

I have thought, my brethren and sisand they bless with a sagacity and We extend our appreciation for the ters, that it might be appropriate here power far beyond the maturity of their good offices of this state's representatoday to propound this question: How years. You know what it is, my brethtives in Congress and their friends in

may all this just pride, admiration, reren and sisters, which enables them so bringing about a Congressional Hisjoicing and enthusiasm be translated successfully to perform these labors of torical Record in the Legislation extendinto effective service and devotion for wisdom and love. ing the Draft Act, which clearly recogthe continued expansion of our Father's Some understandings have recently nizes in the interpretation of the statute

kingdom here in the earth? been reached which enable us to call the exemptibility of our missionaires as

Perhaps a general answer to this to the missionary service more of our ministers of religion. We do not requestion might suffice—to live rightyoung men. We need them. We can gard this favorable interpretation as be-

a discriminatory concession to useously I think and serve use to great advantage. them hope ing We faithfully—but

respect or degree. in any us It helps of be bishops, presipresidents that answer mighta breakdown of stakes, and

of some value to us. dents of missions, will diligently search because it is a just clarification which

The first specific item which I shall out those who are eligible for this dismay not have been clear to some offimention is the need for more people to tinguished service. The young men do cials.

serve in these missionary callings. not call themselves. No one does in Now, not because there is urgent need

Fortunately, after deliberations and this Church. All are responsive to the of it, but because I think it may serve

negotiations covering a long period of appointment of the Holy Priesthood other purposes, I wish to bring for912 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ward a few items which justify this conFourth, there then comes to the setting apart to go forth as an ambasclusion that our young men missionadolescent youth training and experisador and minister of the Lord Jesus aries are ministers of religion. I grant ence without counterpart in any other Christ in teaching his gospel to the

you that they do not always look as institutions of which I am aware. He people and performing ministerial servother ministers look. They may be disenters the quorums of the priesthood. ices among them. I hope that never

appointing to some in formality and At the age of twelve he is first ordained again in our own country or in other grace of expression. Many of them may and inducted into a group of approxicountries will the ministerial status of

not have attained the scholastic standmately his own age. our missionaries be seriously quesing reached by most of the profession. He is taught the history of the priesttioned.

What is the missionary's training for hood, and he is made to understand that We can use young women of eligible the ministry? the power conferred upon him, even age, health, and spiritual qualifications

First, he is usually reared in a home though a mere youth, derives from the in the missionary service. They have

presided over by a man of the priestauthentic power given by the Lord Jesus performed an outstanding work in forhood, who, in certain aspects at least, Christ through his servants to those seeign and local missions. Their pleasing

may be looked on as a man of the minlected to receive the priesthood in this manner, their intelligent and persuasive istry. The functions of the ministry are dispensation of time, and from whom elucidation of the principles of the goscarried forward in large measure in the it has come in direct and authentic pel have won for them sympathetic

future missionary's home. Prayer, blesssuccession to this boy. He has respect listeners where others have failed. Their

ings, scriptural and religious learning for this calling, and he seeks to disservices are sought by all the missions are features of his early environment. charge his duties as a youthful holder because of their competence and the

He is accorded the opportunity of parof the priesthood of the Lord. Is that lovely atmosphere and spirit they bring,

ticipation. He prays, he sings, he reads, training for a minister in the gospel of but they must have good health, for the

he studies, and in adolescent years, Christ? Is there anything taught in the labors are strenuous.

of ecclesiastical religious learning ordinances.joins in sacred seminaries couples need for married We

for as religious in educational a groundwork the Second, more important of in the and women havemissions—men particiministerial actual service of than the becomes he Church,program experience maturity families and whose

identified with the organizations of the pation in the functions and offices of have been reared, who can go into misChurch. His mother may bring him to the priesthood? sions and not only proselyte but also

Sunday School as a baby; he toddles Well, this young man continues teach to branches of the mission the

into the infant classes; and from then through the various gradations of the great principles of selfgovernment, to

on he is taught, and he learns the litpriesthood, always being given and asgive guidance under the direction of the erature of the Church and the ways of suming larger participation in the funcmission president to the efforts of new tions Lord.the not schooled been of the Church and the blessing of members who have

Third, the people. he is integrated into a spiritual of in the procedures the Church.

insociety. of Fifth, of recreation, not the the education His which much

I said too Perhaps have with much contacts in brings the thefrequently ennot only young Sunday which man, to details of reference the of our some life's partner, to his auxiliary other School, organizaable the choose him

I If procedure. missionary have, please

is tions, redirected supervised the priesthood but under and quorum, and it to interest ascribe intense in the my is dialso hisligious training, auspices, in enconstant academic whose deavor it is to clarify and define the rected toward acquisition of theological success of our great system.

ultimate goals of life. In the atmoslearning and capacity to live and exMay I now make a few comments on

phere of such spirituality, his spirit napound the principles of the gospel. some matters which, in my judgment,

ture is nurtured and developed. His Church schools, institutes, and semihave a bearing on our whole missionary

liberal participation in all such institunaries are available to him in this endeavor. I have spoken to you about

tions and exercises is calculated for the preparation. these matters before, but I deem them

development of that spirituality. What If he avails himself of all these worthy of further attention to fortify

I may ask, is more essential to a minprivileges, I say he is prepared for misour resolution to capitalize on the notisterial calling? sionary service and for ordination and (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1955 913 good spirit, the differences which in

Stephen 1 Richards Continued reality represent the essence of revealed truth.

This is the sesquicentennial year of experiences the of missionary Afterable Ghost subject the Holy which I should of Smith. birth the Joseph We

first light of in the the explained mentioned. has been to respect great and like honor to pay

I revelation, these scriptures and observations and comments modern These prophet servant and as chosen the him bring forward under the general capquestions, very frank, perhaps bold, adof the Lord. How, may I ask, can we

listens: in gospel friendtion frankness of courage dressed and to the Have who acceptin a this more hope to do way

I Ifexposition. received perhaps the Ghost? you Holy have you may worldwide the to than by able him

it? to receive urge yes, mention didreceived and answer you Do how my I ideathink interdistinctive of the dissemination

this matter from the series of addresses you believe, after what you have heard, pretations and features of the gospel presented by our brethren during recent that it can be conferred upon anyone which have come to us through his inmonths on the Sunday evening program except under the laying on of hands spired teachings?

radio.of the of priesthood over broadcast the holds the Church by him who in our final I item a mention May lisof likeI to that the have have you do you hope many God? Would I is It choose effort. missionary what

I these hope as a to guide programs, andtened Ghost and companion Holy misfor the as to designate background life not friends ofsincerely that Savior? our as the in promised by many in world the sionary. Communication

also. listened, so revelation, to as Finally,in have the Church The modern travel. is easy. relatively today Many

for essential estabthe in them. important weremessages and meant particuis knowledge, widespread There

I are these, furnishing restored of think messages the Church: lishment Have in is censorship larly there where no

all adopt well of friend, of piece single that us patterna one you, commay my of of dissemination news, communithe to actuality to gospelin share with the the petent evidence our attempt negate missionties, systems. social Our and

of experiences the of world. neighbors the Smith, with and Theour Joseph representing not to aries the world go

gospel his dissertationsaddresses solemn were record through on and which also of truth, principles but great only scriptural literally left recitingprinciples, the to has testimony he Church society, established appointed divinely a all for doctrines espouse the thesupport power deny and you men? we Do our revelations from coming the under

of discourses, his to feature reveal to the of himself teach. the Lordand The of principles in heaven. Father The

attention arrested to his to children givehowever, word and which them my life exemplified are teach they which listo speaker's the will? approach the the acknowledge you andwas Do vitality their society, in that and and

necessity, in audience. discordant thetening varying and appraised are effectiveness measured and

After or during each exposition of a interpretations of the Lord's ministry very largely by the living and behavior principle of the restored gospel, the and the subsequent history of his of that society.

for listeners his a him,speaker with confronted from word Church, which a converted often say have we We is of questions, to dispupersonal the or admit answer must moreone you complete forth ministry with go who (I are tation controversy? following examples. the not and youwhich Do testimony. misconviction These and

it if in heart, find to the idea, give love the not your onlyattempt you God, sionaries constituency a converted need to truth of to the questions seek All the werelanguage.) about know him

is their attested conviction by whose

Is courtesy, his there thepresented any and work? utmost adequate with and

to point living. able with be must They spirit frankof friendliness, in in revelation? exceptin but answer a

to pride point pride as to us with we I this personalness. dwell approach upon

is to It calcuimpossible almost them.

I questions personal think because by personality the lecture After the on to injury the late retardation the and it is to blesspersonal bring calculated a you, question: follows Are of the God, those great cause comes from which

is I to questioned. ing do him who of a worship to the friend, convertedmy is consistent not performance whose investigator to the offended. not be want of Lord Father the thepersonal God, stakes their professions. In the with

I his right of privacy not do and want Eternal Parent, Christ, and ourJesus caused of has the Zion Lord wards and affiliation thinking invaded. to be and of unithe Organizer Ruler the and set his divisions to of kingdom. be up

I this to of anything not do do want real Is in a Father heavenverse? he in Saint that grant Latterday the God if his consent, nature he but without offer prayers your as to and you, you courage, the divisions these have may I listen, to believe consent the does inare to supplications you him? Or vision, the the devotion, the and greatest to in frank a good comes him lieu of a conin to accept clined such of divito strength these character make principles of the statement the is way we of principle cept a merely that God effective sions of the imand kingdom

life. affect his personal teach personin the universe withoutpower for the pressive proclamabackground

ality? Do you believe that such a Now, you may say, we are always tion of his gospel by his missionaries.

frank. of will Are and the concept we? men Almightynebulous many How

live brethren in a day, good my We it find are affairs there in us of to govern the among who adequate be women sisters, of a and encouragement day and easier to the present things to about reverential bring obedience much andmen opportunities. boundless hope and less or in gospel the the and more brotherhood Church divine and among law

truth, all else are blessed with Above we is diffiIt generalized statements? not of sons God?

his truth truth about man, God, about for virto cult the contend uphold and of after explanation an then And destiny. salvation a have and We life in of a Christian Christian tues questions: Are frank these baptism,

to truth desire share that with burning it; I to like do community. Many am friend, in convinced Christian you, my all that Father. children of our the To all people do. glad they more The that heart the baptism you your own to send missionaries our end them we as Christ the Jesus acknowledge Lord is prescribed received the baptism have

at sacrifice. cost great and of the world, the Savior the hope more essential of as Savior the the world by

for the salvation of man and entrance we shall have for the prevalence of his We invite all men to listen with open into the Father's kingdom? Have you doctrine and principles in the affairs minds and hearts, and fortified by dicomplete confidence that the authority of men. vine authority and the prophecies of

performing baptism for you emanates I have observed that there is frethe holy scriptures and lifetime experidirectly from the Savior, who is the quently adopted a principle of negotiaences of good men, we solemnly make

Author of salvation? Would you not, tion between conflicting groups and inthe promise to them that if they will

if you seek for truth, feel far more conterests which runs something after this hearken and receive, their lives will be tented to receive baptism in the manner order: emphasize the areas of agreement enriched. Whether wealthy or poor,

in which our Lord himself received it, and minimize those of difference. It they will be infinitely happier, and they

performed by divine authority traceable may be that that is acceptable as a will thank the Lord to the end of their directly to reliable sources verified by diplomatic policy, and it may have some days for the missionaries who brought recent history, not subject to the debate virtue in religious discussion, but I am them the truth.

and confusion arising out of questionnot able to see how we can make great I invoke the blessings of the Lord on able interpretations and practices of anprogress in teaching the true gospel to his Church and kingdom in the earth, tique times with historical records inour fellow men without forcefully bringand upon all men, in the name of Jesus adequate for present competent proof? ing to their attention in frankness, but Christ. Amen.

914 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "... by the Name of

JESUS CHRIST"by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

OP THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

B|Y BRETHREN AND SISTERS, The Jewish rulers could not endure because the act that was done by Adam

I those who are before me this challenge. Peter and John were had been foreseen; and it had been

fgm and those who are on the arrested, thrown into jail, and then, planned before the world was that he fl air: I rejoice with you in when morning came, they were called would do all he did do.

the glorious inspiration before Annas, the real high priest, But an immortal being had disobeyed nUi..,.,,,,.: j t jiat we |iac| jn |.jje mornCaiaphas, his sonin-law, who was the the commandment of the Lord. An

ing session and for the encouragement titular high priest, made so by the immortal being had eaten the fruit. An

which it gave to us as to the way in Roman government, with John and immortal being had suffered the conwhich we are regarded in the world, Alexander, and others, kindred of the sequence. He and Eve became mortal,

and as to the duty which that imposes high priest, and the others who were and she afterwards sang in a great upon us, and for the other instructions members of the Sanhedrin. These dehymn of praise, her gratitude for thus

which we received. It is my earnest manded of Peter and John by what having disobeyed, because now they

desire and my prayer that I may be power and by what name they had done could have seed. (See Moses 5:11.) We

able to say something today that will be these things. (See ibid., 4:1-12.) know that by having seed they could

fruitful, that will build up our faith, Peter, who made their defense, said: go forward in fulfilling the plan that

and that will, I hope, call attention to "... by the name of Jesus Christ of was originally mapped out in the Grand

one great principle which I think is at Nazareth, whom ye crucified."And Council.

the base, one of the two great incidents added: "Neither is there salvation in

that are at the base of all that we beany other: for there is none other name Adam became mortal; spiritual death

lieve and all that we know. under heaven given among men, wherecame to him; and mortal death

Paul, speaking to the Corinthians, in by we must be saved."(Ibid., 4:10, 12.) came to him. This was the first great

the beginning of his First Epistle, Today the great Christian world are crisis in the history of mankind. Inthanked God that he had only baptized retreating from their early and true bedeed, it may be said to have produced

two of them in Corinth, Crispus and lief in Jesus as the Christ. They are mankind.

Gaius, and he more or less repudiated explaining him in different ways. They In order for him to get back to the

the rest of them because of their paganare taking away from him his divinity. place whence he began, it was necesism and their unbelief. Very early in One great church is loosening, apsary that there should be an atonement

his First Epistle he told them about how parently, the bands which they formerly for this disobedience.

he felt about this. He said: "For I dehad that bound them to Jesus Christ, by Quite obviously, Adam could not retermined not to know any thing among setting up in his place the mother of trace his steps; he could not uneat. He

you, save Jesus Christ, and him cruciJesus, Mary. We of our faith know that was mortal. No matter how good any

fied."(I Cor. 2:2.) Jesus of Nazareth is the Christ. This of his children might be, they, also

And if you would read in this conis our knowledge. We must proclaim it mortal, had no more power than had

nection, and I hope you will, the fifat all times and under all circumstances. he. So, to pay for the disobedience, it

teenth chapter of First Corinthians, You know, it is not difficult to undertook a Being conceived by the Infinite, dealing with the resurrection, you will stand that the Christian world does not not subject to death as were Adam's read there one of the great, masterful have the knowledge which we possess, posterity; someone to whom death was

sermons that have been preached in the because the Bible, the Old Testament, subject; someone born of woman but yet

world on the resurrection, in which, contains scant notice about the Christ divine. He alone could make the sacriwith searching logic and great arguand about his work. There are some fice which would enable us to have our

ment, Paul showed how vain was all glorious passages in the Psalms which bodies and our spirits reunited in the we believed and all we taught if Christ describe his crucifixion, tell about his due time of the Lord and then go back was not resurrected. birth, but by and large there is not to the Father, thus reunited; and final-

I recall, also, in this connection, those much told about him. ly, body and spirit together, we might

words of Peter at the time he and John Why should Jesus of Nazareth asgo on through all the eternities.

had gone to visit the Temple. As they sume this tremendous place and imJesus of Nazareth was the one who

started inward from the Court of the portance in the Christian world, as dewas chosen before the world was, the

Gentiles to the Court of the Women, scribed by Paul and Peter? Only Begotten of the Father, to come

there at the Gate Beautiful, which was Modern revelation has revealed this to earth to perform this service, to conthe entrance, they came to a beggar who to us. I have not time, this is not the quer mortal death which would atone

seemingly had been brought there for place, to undertake to discuss the Fall for the Fall, that the spirit of man could years. He made his living by what he and the atonement, more than to say a recover his body, so reuniting them.

got begging from those who went in. few words. (Note: Speaking to the multitude in

Peter and John stopped a moment, said We know of the Grand Council, we Jerusalem, Jesus said:

to him: "Look on us,"and he, expecting know of the determinations there made, ("Therefore doth my Father love me,

to receive alms from them, looked up, we know that the world was created in because I lay down my life, that I and Peter said to him: order that the spirits from the spirit might take it again.

"Silver and gold have I none; but world might come here and be taber- ("No man taketh it from me, but I

such as I have give I thee: In the name nacled. lay it down of myself. I have power to

of Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and We know of the placing of Adam in lay it down, and I have power to take walk."And he reached down and took the Garden and the instruction which it again. This commandment have I

the man by the hand, and as the man was given to him regarding the two received of my Father."[John 10:17came to his feet, his feet and his ankles trees. We know of the disobedience to 18.])

straightened, and he walked and leaped the instruction with reference to the That is the reason why, however good for joy and praised God. (See Acts 3:1- tree of the knowledge of good and evil. any man, son of Adam, may have been,

8.) I do not like to call it a transgression (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1955 915 to enter permit never must We into not certainly thoughtsJ. Reuben Clark, Jr. Continued Christ.into our and

our teachings, the idea that he was he could not do the things, make the You know, I think that all through merely a great teacher, a great philosoatonement that would bring us back his life, he gave evidences of his divinpher, the builder of a great system of into the presence of our Heavenly ity, his divine powers and authority. It ethics. It is our duty, day after day,

Father. Again, he could not uneat the is true that frequently other prophets year in and year out, always to declare

fruit. Jesus was not the son of Adam, who were not divinely begotten had that Jesus of Nazareth was the Christ

but of the Father. done some of his works. If you run it who brought redemption to the world

thereof. to inhabitants the and in will over your mind, you remember baptizing in the As Jordan, was John

I I that testimony that bear know allmy that dethe walking water he by on exapproaching Jesushe saw and is that lives, Christ, that the Jesus God fied gravity. his will remember Youclaimed: born, begotten, divinely was he was control over elements, the winds, the ".. the of. Behold God, which Lamb life, crucified, lived the his and on was the the and storm. waves, and You sin of thetaketh the world."away first fruits of arose, the the third day will crehis exercise of the remember(Ibid., 1:29.) record not say does The it for possible resurrection, thus making for ative powers, created food he whensins. all of to resurrected. us be five fed the four the he thousand and

We frequently are told and underthousand, and he made wine out of I bear my testimony that he, with the stand that not alone did Christ atone water. You will remember how he Father, appeared to the young Prophet

for that "original sin,"socalled, but cured the halt, the lame, the blind. and opened up the Dispensation of the

sins,that generally. atones for he Fulness of our Times. life recall will he You brought how

it, so far resurtestimony to the truth of as the understandAs I I bear my lifeless. recall the will back to his You

rection is concerned, the overcoming of great duel with Satan which he won. the restored gospel.

I sins. death,mortal did for our bear he atone my testimony to the restoration will recall his You great victory, when

is to say, of priesthood. theThat matter no do what we resurrected. he died and was

here on earth, even though we commit I often think that one of the most I bear my testimony that the keys the unpardonable sin, yet the atonement beautiful things in the Christ's life was and powers which Joseph the Prophet of Christ will for that purpose and to his words on the cross, when, suffering held as President of the Church, as that end atone for our sins, and so will under the agony of a death that is said prophet, seer, and revel ator, have come bring about our resurrection. But after to have been the most painful that the down from him until now with the

the resurrection, then we have to be ancients could devise, death on the Presidency of this Church, down to and judged according to the deeds of the cross, after he had been unjustly, illeincluding our present President, David flesh, good or bad. On the judgment gally, contrary to all the rules of mercy, O. McKay.

day we will receive our rewards or puncondemned and then crucified, when he God give us all increasingly, day by ishments; we must pay for our own had been nailed to the cross and was day, this testimony. God give us the

sins. about to give up his life, he said to his power and the faith and the courage

So as I conceive it, we must stand Father in heaven, as those who were always to declare, Jesus is the Christ, adamant for the doctrine of the atonewithin hearing testify: "... Father, forthe only name under heaven given

ment of Jesus the Christ, for the divinity give them; for they know not what they among men by which we must be saved.

of his conception, for his sinless life, do."(Luke 23:34.) This is one of the prime duties of

and for, shall I say, the divinity of his It is our mission, perhaps the most this people. That we may fulfil it and

death, his voluntary surrender of life. fundamental purpose of our work, to meet it unto the last degree, I humbly

He was not killed; he gave up his life. bear constant testimony of Jesus the pray, in the name of Jesus. Amen.

SJke Uklnq5 lA/e \AJlsk Were /jot Richard L. Evans

Sometimes when the unwanted events of our lives whatever the errors of the past, whatever the regrets, occur, we find ourselves praying and pleading to whatever the unwanted events, every day we find make some things as if they hadn't happened. And ourselves as we are, where we are, with what we

we find ourselves blaming ourselves for what we have, with the past profiting for what it has taught did or didn't do, and wishing for the privilege of us, and with the everlasting future before us. Despite

going back and making a second decision. Perhaps failures and frustrations and sorrows, despite the

most of us, maybe all of us, if we could, would turn things we wish were not, despite the things we wish back time and make some different decisions and we had done differently, the things we wish hadn't change some of the scenes, if we could do it knowhappened, each day we are faced with things as ing what we know now. We live so much of our they are—but with the blessed assurance that the

lives by trial and error, and sometimes make deFather of us all is kind and loving and merciful cisions impetuously, sometimes stubbornly, someand just, and will help and bless and will compentimes innocently, and when failures come, and sate in all things, according to his justice and love, troubles and disappointments, constantly we accuse as we move everlastingly toward that future which ourselves and ask why we did what we did and what lies before us all—that future which has within it

we could have done differently. It is a common glorious eternal promises and possibilities for each

practice for all men to reflect upon the past, for all and all of us, if we will reach out from now, from men to say "If I had only known what I know now, where we are, with faith and courage and work and

I would have done differently."But this we must willingness—despite the things we wish were not,

remember: Life moves in one direction only—and the things we wish hadn't happened.

each day we are faced with an actual set of circumstances, not with what might have been, not with what we might have done, but with what is, and Jke Spoken WoJ"FROM TEMPLE SQUARE with where we are now—and from this point we must PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

proceed: not from where we were, not from where SYSTEM, OCTOBER 16, 1955

we wish we were—but from where we are. And Copyright, 1955

916 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Friday evening, August 19, we parted company with President and Sister

Robertson who returned to Japan, and

President Heaton and wife, my wife and

Report From the IWeleftarrivedfor Manila,at 10:30 Philippinep.m. and wereIslands.met

by a number of servicemen and E. M.

Grimm, better known as "Pete,"who was very kind to us and placed at our service an automobile and driver, two FAR EAST MISSIONS automobiles and drivers when necessary, for our entire stay in the Philippine Islands, and in other ways he was by Joseph Fielding Smith veryinterests.kind and looked after many of our

PRESIDENT OP THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE Sunday, August 21, 1955, at a beautiful grove in Clark Military Field, I dedicated the Philippine Islands as I had done Korea and Okinawa.

at 10:30 23, Tuesday, August we left in realize afternoon. suppose course members there are you we Of JPjB Island for the p.m. where we of Guam the congregation that and air, and could only do by i by going who are

listening in who are anxious all of our traveling after reaching Japan arrived the next morning. We remained

: to know something about their was by air. in Guam, holding meetings with Saints

I boys who are in the service of Tuesday afternoon, August 2, on a and servicemen until the morning of the country in the Far East; hill overlooking Seoul and in the presFriday, August 26, when we took our

and others who are anxious to know ence of a small group, I dedicated the leave and by plane arrived in Honolulu, about their sons serving in the mission land of Korea for the preaching of the Friday morning, August 26, at 4:45 a.m.

fields in that section of the world. I will gospel and the establishment of the work Before leaving, however, on August

in the presence of a large congrega25, as I conof that to say about the meetof God.have more kingdom We held

tion of Island I dedicated the members, report also to ings a brieftinue. in Seoul the Saints with and I wish make

of what was accomplished in the miswith the servicemen. I will give these of Guam, thus dedicating Korea,

sion assigned to me to the Far East. details, and then, if time will permit, I Okinawa, the Philippines, and Guam

Monday, July 25, accompanied by my wish to say something about the servwhile on this mission to the Far East.

wife, Herald Grant Heaton and his icemen and the missionaries. I want to say a few words of comwife and baby, and a group of misWednesday we went to Munsanini. mendation for some of these brethren

in East the Far are doing a wonwho I there the borderssionaries, a meeting arrived held in Tokyo, Japan. on The We

first, derful work: Colonel Robert H. visits to of separating the land from South North spent in days werefirst two

military quarters with the chiefs of Korea. On Thursday following, we reSlover, chairman of the servicemen's

staff, all of whom received us kindly. turned to Seoul, attended to some busico-ordinating committee in those lands,

Wednesday the 27th, conference conness there, and then took plane for a vigorous, energetic, faithful man in vened in Karuizawa in Japan and was Pusan and held meetings with members the service of the country, devoting his held for three days with the missionof the Church and servicemen there. time to our servicemen, attending to the

aries of the Japanese Mission and servIn Korea at Seoul and at Pusan, I details and looking after the interests icemen who were able to attend. At ordained men to offices in the Aaronic of the young men in the service in a

that conference the division of the Priesthood, ordaining some priests, some most thorough manner.

Japanese Mission was presented, redeacons, so that these good people could He is assisted by Captain Clain naming the northern part composed of hold their meetings and administer the Smith, Major LeRoy Walker, Corporal

Korea, Japan, and Okinawa, the Northsacrament. Also I set apart Dr. Kim Ho Mark Frazer, and with these I must also

ern Far East Mission, and the southern Jik, the only elder in Korea, as presimention Elder Rodney W. Fye, who is

part, composed of Formosa, Hong Kong, dent of the Korean District of the misserving in the intelligence department the Philippine Islands, and Guam, the sion, and gave to him as counselors, of the Army in Korea, who has done a

Southern Far East Mission, with Herald Elder Frederick Shumway, who was in wonderful work for our young men in

Grant Heaton as president, Hilton A. the service of the country in that part Korea. He is a very outstanding young

Robertson remaining as president of the of the country, and later Houk Yung man. Also, I wish to mention Elder

Northern Far East Mission. He had Gil, a native, as second counselor. Youngberg in Okinawa, presiding in the

been presiding over all that territory beReturning to Japan we held meetings branch; Blain Elmer in the Philippines

fore the division. in Osaka and Tokyo. where we do not have members, but

At this conference, for the first time, August 11, President Robertson, his who is looking after the interests of our a vote was taken by those assembled to wife, Sister Smith, and I, left Japan for servicemen there, and Victor A. Olsen

approve the division of the mission and Okinawa. President Heaton had prein Guam.

other action which was taken. This viously left for Hong Kong. On the Now I want to say to you mothers,

vote was received unanimously in the island of Okinawa we located a site particularly, fathers, too, who have sons affirmative, and every place we went for a building. On Sunday, August 14, in the mission field in any of these

Eastern of presence (Well, the a large on, in conference have that group no from timeand held we of memmissionaries I of these bers, yet.) places carried island out, dedicated countries—in some the procedurethe same of Okinawa, was

so that the members of the Church in as we had done the land of Korea, for If your sons are called to go to the Far each place had an opportunity to vote the establishment of the work of the East to labor among the Japanese peoon the matter of creating two missions Lord in that island. ple, the Korean people, the people on

out of what was the Japanese Mission. Monday, the fifteenth we parted from these islands of the Far Pacific, do not

Now the term Japanese Mission hardColonel Robert H. Slover, who had acfeel disappointed. Do not feel sorry

ly suited thesituation, for it was not companied us in all of our travels up and wish that they had been appointed just Japan that was concerned. Thereto that point, and took a plane for to some European country or somewhere

fore, they readily accepted the change Hong Kong, and there were met by within the borders of the United States and that the northern part be called President Heaton. In Hong Kong, beor the South Pacific. These people in

the Northern Far East Mission, taking fore a small group of members, we these lands who have joined the Church in Korea, Japan, and Okinawa. presented the matter of the division of are just as good as we are. Those peoMonday, August 1, Presidents Robertthe mission and the sustaining of Herald ple in those Far East countries are

son and Heaton, Colonel Robert H. Grant Heaton as President of the Southhuman beings, with like feelings and

Slover, Captain Hildebrand, and I left ern Far East Mission, which was enpassions. They can love and they can

Japan for Korea, arriving in Seoul that thusiastically received. (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1955 917 over the city; so her voice was heard

Joseph Fielding Smith Continued there, although she was not privileged to accompany me.

It was a glorious visit. I think we

hate just as you and I may love and like to say. This comes a little close accomplished some good.

hate. When they receive the gospel of to me; nevertheless I want to say it. Brother Heaton, a young man, full

Jesus Christ, they are just as good as Sister Smith's singing everywhere we of energy and astonishingly full of we are. went was a great help. When she could knowledge, knows those people in the

I could not help, when I met with not go to Korea, we took a record of Far East and loves them, and he will be them and took them by the hand and "The King of Glory,"and we were able successful in his mission field.

looked into their countenances, but feel to broadcast the recording from the miliThe Lord bless you, I pray, in the that I could and did love them. They tary grounds so it could be heard all name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

are the people of God, just as the people are anywhere else on the face of the earth who receive the truth, and they can bear testimony of the truth, as I have heard them do, as the people can Friday Morning, September 30, 1955 do in any of the stakes and wards of

Zion.

Do not feel disappointed. The missionaries do not feel disappointed unlessperchance they never received the spirit THE CHOIR TOUR

of their mission. You fathers and mothers sons serving in the forces, who have

be proud fine of them. They are young by Richard L. Evans

men. Some of our servicemen are conOF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

verts, who have been brought into the

Church by the teachings, by precept and by examby least at slaughter, to going brethren the and a beloved lambple theexample—principally of by the members Church shorn. to who HpnvlY sisters: going like that be one wasare also serving forces. with in the them the had of President Church the I should But like to echo

I a of met number young who men it, went. so to us of and the committed depths I we from my Msaid, in the came because Church "We I publicly, hesitate to say this hat this (I should morning, heart

livesof the of these young and be- L. HHHH men seemthe deadline, sets—i Presibut of gratitude a which when he

cause they taught us the principles of dent McKay has so beautifully and ingly impossible happens, as witness the the gospel."eloquently spoken; gratitude to my dedication of the Swiss Temple. When

They are doing a good work. There Father in heaven for so much beyond you get a mixture of the quiet, purposemight be one or two that may be caremy ability to mention, for the onward ful stubbornness of the Scots and the

less, but those young men with whom march of his Church and kingdom, for Welsh, along with the courage and

I had the privilege of meeting, talking his goodness in the lives of all of us. conviction of a prophetic calling, you

to, would bear their testimony of the At this time I should like to express have a combination which, once having truth and were walking humbly. gratitude for Sister Evans and me for been committed to a course or a great

And as I met with the officers and the privilege we have had of being cause, is something to be reckoned chaplains (and unfortunately, at this witnesses of some of those glorious and with!)

time, we have no chaplain of the significant events of which President Blessedly and providentially, by the

Church there), but when I met with McKay has spoken; and gratitude for combined services of a great number of

them, universally they said, "We like the leadership of President McKay and able and devoted people, many of whom your young men. They are clean. They his Counselors, and for the association the President has mentioned, and by

are dependable."of these, my brethren, and you, my the hand of Providence, we had a great

as venture in understanding, we so brethren and sisters. chaplains, these I was One of when

it before our European the President under a characterized We watched said, "Italking of him, keep two with audiences. in conditions variety of wide a number of faiththese your with young men me

of several of of countries Europe, in I am glad that the President paid if If I lose of time.all the one them,

paid all to of tribute those he to of cities of the great continent whom and the is I get called another."away,he While

this morning. tribute appreciation and greetings Britain, exchanging GreatI talking a him, with young was man

others, could are officials, in press There many who public meeting with in message, with and a hecame when perhaps mentioned, be concerts, should and and attending the conferences, and there, in his out held he andwas hand at time another and that be receptions. can done public in participating He (I "Isaid, Brother soand-so. not do am

place. indefatigable, always seemingly was rehis now.)"remember name He

highlights, to of the some effective gracious, Now, and wonalways an instruction theceived given and him briefly: has President mentioned this of representative The derful and Church little laterdeparted. another one A

at Scotland, reception Greenock, the traveling himself, sparing people; not a of likewisecame. was member He

city Bagof the the Provost the and by sometimes miles hours and many many athe not This Church. man, member

of reception the the pipe Corps, and concerts of choir the to attend one said, "Iof the keep with Church, them of entire Provost choir Lord the conditions, by difficult stormy and under all deare time the because theyme at great audience the in his and Glasgow to the very hotel getting backpendable."

early hours of the morning. Glasgow's Kelvin Hall the following

of boys. your proud proud Be Be for evening. to Manchester I to his gratitude like went echo Then should we

of in your the mission young men Stars Cardiff, the tour. and of this where and to success field. the

is field, those people and a goodThat raised Stripes Castle Cardiff over were confession I think public a here would just entitled to theare truth hear great of that gracious the of us, inappropriate: Lord by Mayor as not be Some many

of as of or the people anywell Europe city of great Choir in us, of the us, Tabernacle aphonor of most had maybe this of world.other part people These its institution, of the sponsoring and reservations conand prehension some and

are living laboring and amongwho it be- I confess country tour. choir's from cerning which the must came—not I are happy. that saw none wasthem flag, or flag, British other of any the us neath might have that some humbly,

discontented. postponed it, and perhaps would have but waving there alone as we came into

The Spirit of the Lord is leading looked again at the commitment to do the city, the Stars and Stripes over them. The doors are opening for them it. I must confess that as the two trains Cardiff Castle, with the Lord Mayor

to preach the gospel. pulled us out of Salt Lake City on the addressing us as brothers and sisters,

Now just one more word that I would evening of August 10, I felt, if not like and giving every evidence of his feel918 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ings of sincerity in the terms in which it up in a sentence when it said in its at precisely the age, even to the month, he addressed us. edition immediately after the Berlin at which I entered the same field, some

There are many other unforgettable concert, "This was not only music, but twentynine years ago. I am grateful

experiences. Berlin is one of them. We the building of a human bridge."This for the work of all the missionaries, and

presented an extra concert in the afterwe also felt is what it was. the mission presidents, and all the denoon for those who came, principally Now as to two or three of the sidevoted people, and for the onward move

from the Eastern Zone, who would lights: One was the language barrier. and the great and glorious achieveneither be able to afford, nor, for the What happened at the Tower of Babel ments and progress and opportunities

most part would be able to be present never should have happened, but by the that are ours.

in the evening hours because of disperverseness of men it did, and by the We come back not much given to tances traveled and restrictions endispersion of men it has continued. boasting. We are aware of the art and

countered. To see that audience of We wrestled with it all the way, but culture of Europe, of its great cathedrals,

those from the areas which have not not with so much difficulty as we might of its great contributions, its great peoknown some of the great privileges and have supposed. In all places to which ples, its great history, its great acblessings that we have known, to feel we went a large percentage of our audicomplishments, and are not so much

their spirit, to feel them wanting to be ences were bilingual and understood disposed to boast of ourselves or of any demonstrative, wanting to overflow in us without translators. We used inphysical attainments. I am not sure

appreciation, and seemingly not knowterpreters, but in many places the rethat we have the greatest of many things ingoverflowing—itquite how to, wasand thenan unforgettablemelting and wasactionmoreof theimmediateaudiencethanto thethe reactionEnglish here.this I bearBut ofyouthiswitnessI am thissure,day:andthatof

experience. The audience of the eveto the translations which followed. we have the greatest message for manning was one quite in contrast with the We found no insurmountable barrier kind, the gospel of Jesus Christ restored

refugee audience and those from eastern of language or of geography to underin its fulness, and the greatest opporareas who had come in the afternoon. standing among men. We found nothtunity to convey it to others that any

The President has mentioned the ing that could prevent sincere and honpeople ever had, and the greatest retemple dedication and the concerts in est people from taking one another to sponsibility upon us to do it.

of the hearts other, in peace, in eachSwitzerland, sang in Bern where we to us God help do it and to meet the in honor, and in understanding. (anand Zurich; those Copenhagen greatness this of responsibility.

nothing toextra found to presented cause being us one our there by We

I should like to close with a few to any conclusion all in except recome that chorus in Tivoli Gardens,male sponse to public demand); the great men are children of the Lord God, and words from the closing sentences of

all that are precious sight. in his inaudience Albert Hall in the Royal We people,King Benjamin'sfrom the Bookgreat ofsermonMormon:to his found people a tradition, no of great could place ofLondon, not love. that we

great prestige, sometimes of great reWe found no people for whom we did overflow there with away come brethren, my kindred in not audienceserve—an

. souls hearts. and in great ourthat to eight seven hall of some affectionWe foundin ourno andMymyfriendspeople,and. my.

thousand people, melting, taking us people for whom we did not feel a if ye have come to a knowledge of into their hearts and we taking them genuine, deep, and grateful friendship. the goodness of God, and his matchless

patience, his wisdom, power, and his and for this, Itinto ours. letGod not a was wonderful and Thank also—for children the longsuffering his towards and ting barriers thesatisfying of or of unforgettable experience. language and

has also, the of which atonement and men; of or boundaries geography keep (not final concert us from Paris, in the Then of the the foundation from prepared been a satisfying glorious and understanding. in those andforgetting Amsterdam salvation might that come thereby world,

Scheveningen in the Netherlands and There were some other sidelights. to him that should put his trust in the

in Wiesbaden, Germany, which were We had about twothirds of the pasLord, and should be diligent in keeping his equally significant) where the city counsenger list on the SS Saxonia, on which commandments, and continue in the faith cil and the ranking officers of the city we sailed from Montreal to Europe even unto the end of his life,...

of Paris presented medals to the princisome six hundred out of a passenger this is the means whereby salvation pals of the choir and scrolls of comlist of some nine hundred. I think percometh. And there is none other salvaof; this spoken tion save hath been which individuals, to but not onlymendation, frustrated the the haps most on man

there conditions are whereby neither any of representatives as to ofalso us some trip this barthe Saxonia on SS was conditions the except saved can be man also passed a having theythe Church, (I tender! think the next perhaps most I told you. have which for refreshments appropriationspecial frustrated the steward aboard was man is, in believe Believe that and he God; six in offor entire hundred group the the operated bingo game!) who all things, in heaven created that he both roycity palace magnificent wherethe all of incidents in believe earth; has that were There he humor, and many

for generaentertainedalty has been all in power, heaven both wisdom, difficulty, illness of and but some and tions. There was no honor that we despite fatigue, despite difficult and and in earth; believe that man doth not

knew of that the city of Paris could do sometimes discouraging conditions and comprehend all the things which the Lord for the Tabernacle Choir and the a close, demanding schedule, the choir can comprehend.

Church and the country from which rose magnificently on every occasion And again, believe that ye must repent that do they did not andthey sins forsake of came them, humble and your and a did and marvelous wonderful and sincerity in before ask yourselves us. and to God;extend service.

of forgive you; that heart he would and officials of the public Everywhere grateful this in folif morning all see believe I am things these you now, ourselves, incountries found which we for the of gratitude, the lowing that theme ye them. do

officers,as diplomatic as our well own of courage conviction President and public, were as the press, and theand wonderfulgracious and and warm as McKaydespite ourin committingfears and apprehensions.us to the tour,I doAndthis yebehold,shall Ialwayssay untorejoice,youandthatbe iffilledye

his retain kin ask of and from love the could always aone with and God, own for grateful the favorable outcome, am shall sins; remission ye grow picof your andcountrymen. Scores—hundreds—of is ability to estimate. our beyond which of of the that glory in the him knowledge stories fair apfavorabletures and and I If be another thought pardoned may of that in or the you, created knowledge public in throughout thepeared Europe I of or gratitude: personal two is 8-10, true. just 4:4, 6, (Mos. and am which air inpress; the were on and many we grateful that gracious wife with was my 12.)

Itplaces. virtually that seemed no I us. of her proud performance was

thatdoors to at press and conferences help the courage recepus public have and God closed to be, to to us—andwe had notimeheartsto openeither,wereor tions should (as I the other occasions be on all and what wisdom we

so it seemed.

live, Sister of also, live as to what those was do and we we should McKay

Thank God for all his blessings and who were with her and the President). should do, and to arise to the greatest

mercies and for farreaching conse- I am grateful to have our eldest son message to mankind and to the greatest quences beyond our ability to estimate serving among the missionaries of opportunity and responsibility that is or to foresee. Europe (hundreds of whom we have ours, to deliver it, I pray in Jesus'name.

I think the Berlin Telegraf summed met), serving in my own field of labor Amen.

DECEMBER 1955 919 Saint ever does in this world than to marry the right person in the right right place the right authority. by The Why the Latterday Saints

is for person natural someone whom the and wholesome and normal affection that should exist does exist. It is the

is person living so that he or she who Build Temples to the can go temple and make of God the covenants that we there make. The

by Bruce R. McConkie rightauthorityplace isis thethe temple,sealing andpowerthewhichright

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY Elijah restored.

All of these things, these exaltations |Y heart was moved today, Lord with all our hearts. (See D & C and honors and glories, are offered to

as I am sure all of your 39:1-6.) us and all the world in and through

hearts were, as we heard Now the ordinances that are perthe ordinances that are performed in

President McKay tell of formed in the temples are the ordithese sacred sanctuaries which are set j the achievements and renances of exaltation; they open the door apart from the world. After we have

sults of the Tabernacle to us to an inheritance of sonship; they partaken of these ordinances, then it is

Choir trip and then bear witness of his open the door to us so that we may incumbent upon us that we live in feelings and sentiments relative to the become sons and daughters, members harmony with the principles of eternal dedication of the new temple in Switzerof the household of God in eternity. If truth and walk uprightly before the

land. we go to the temples with an honest Lord. If we keep the covenants that

It appears from what is going on heart and a contrite spirit, having prewe have made in these holy places, relative to this temple and others that pared ourselves by personal righteousthen we will have reward and honor are in course of construction and are ness and worthiness and proper living, in eternity, to say nothing of that peace contemplated, that you and I are living then in those houses we receive the and happiness in this life which is bein an age when the brethren feel that ordinances and the instructions which yond any comprehension or understandthe great blessings of the temple should enable us, if we thereafter continue ing that anyone of the world could be made readily available to people in faithful, to receive eventually the fulhave.

all nations and in all places where conness of the Father. It appeals to me that we ought to

all think, of us as sufficient individuals, of of are gregations since Saints the temple ordinances The the door open are the brethren all to doing such. the things warrantnumbers to all gaining all power and wisdom are they relative if I I to Spirit for building, the temple think have might

all and knowledge. ordinances Temple is this that I age like an a to a time that and few moments, an and would open the to up in way the membership all of hour us set as to to to when say ought something the our you why of Firstborn. Church the They open in houses order and the Saints temples. things build Latterday do that Temthe to door becoming kings priests and I sure already ples are just of am should, not we worship; know houses we

all inheriting and things. in to order inheritors of become taberare these or not they meetinghouses

nacles; they are not something designed Now the mere fact that we receive eternal blessings. The blessings come

where we can assemble together and be the ordinances in no sense guarantees on conditions of personal righteousness, fed the bread of life and taught our that we will receive these rewards. The on conditions of overcoming, as the

obligations and responsibilities. But fact that we are sealed in the temple Lord said, "To him that overcometh

temples, as we understand, build, and for time and eternity to our wives and will I grant to sit with me in my throne, dedicate them, are sacred sanctuaries, our children does not guarantee that in even as I also overcame, and am set set apart from the world, houses prethe end we shall obtain those blessings. down with my Father in his throne."

pared and given to the Lord in which In my judgment there is no more im- (Rev. 3:21.) In the name of Jesus

can be performed the ordinances, and portant single act that any Latterday Christ. Amen.

in which can be taught the principles, whereby you and I can have opportunity to enter into an eternal fulness in the kingdom of our Father.

of the world come out we When and THE LORD'S PLANjoin the Church, become when we members of this kingdom, we get on a path which is named the "strait and by Delbert L. Stapley

narrow path."Membership in the OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Church starts us out toward a goal is life. is called eternal Baptismwhich |Y I SISTERS: BROTHERS AND is social providing care. plan not The

it is itself; innot the end beginning an face this you dole. humbly edict, a of the "In The thy sweat

of of salvaprocess the working our out morning. feature of face a shalt A eat thou bread,"(Gen. 3:19)

feartion before the with trembling and is general conference the applies as anciently. today this in AlsoLord. ". of.. messages diversity dispensation the declared, Lord he After joined the have we Church treated of is by the that idle members shall eat the not nor bread

into theand have kingdom, come and I General Authorities. hesitate to break the wear of garments laborer."the

to right givenhave the the been conthe of previous the theme speakers, but 42:42.) is able person Each (D&Cstant of the Ghost, companionship Holy I firmly believe variety does have some expected for to receives, work he what

if pressthen forward the keep and we value. is in part which the genius basic a and

of longlast atcommandments God, I I often have that thought should principle of the plan; inthe however,

eventually, entitled are to inand an we like to say a few words about the capacitated aged, and to work, unable in hisheritance eternal world the where welfare Church in program a general relatives or whose cannot pronot do isfulness his of glory found. conference I of the believe in Church. for vide are them, care of taken accordAs we understand the revelations, and accept the program with all my ing to their wants and needs as long

when we accept Christ and join the heart and soul. Perhaps I cannot add as these needs are just.

Church, we have power given us to beanything new, but a reemphasis of some Welfare workers should make those come the sons of God. We are not his basic principles with a few personal helped feel good in receiving welfare

sons and daughters by Church memthoughts and feelings may more fully assistance. Some claim humiliation in

ship alone, but we have the ability and encourage complete acceptance and supaccepting help from the Church, yet are the capacity and the power to attain port of this inspired plan. not embarrassed by receiving a governunto that status after we accept the It is distinctly a new approach to ment dole. The best antidote against

920 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA humiliation is to furnish work opporbring true conviction into the hearts of "I consider this a Godgiven project."

tunities for those receiving benefits in the uncertain and skeptical. "Truly wonderful what God can do

the program to give them the right feelThe welfare program in operation with his people who will obey."

ing of having earned and therefore ensince 1936 is a continuing plan for the "I believe it's God's plan of salvation.

titled to welfare assistance. people of the Church until a more perGod bless you."

We are setting a pattern in welfare fect and higher plan is revealed. When "This is a wonderful work! The Morwork that the world is watching. Being we demonstrate our faith, worthiness, mons have shown me what it means to

inspired of God, it must work successwillingness, and unity to live fully the have God with them."

fully, but the success of it lies in principles of the welfare plan, it will "This work is truly Godinspired, and leadership and people. It is leadership's lead and prepare us for the higher law our prayers will be with you in the

point of view and attitudes which must of the celestial kingdom. The Lord continuation of such a good work."

be right. The stake presidents and has affirmed in this dispensation: "The whole program is most amazeyes ing, seen with I have and own my of the standbishops out Church who

unless built cannot be Zion up And of hearts at in Christ the it is Jesus work leadersas respected acknowledged and celesprinciples of of the the the law by people."to theirare those divine according who,

tial receive otherwise kingdom; I cannot of welphilosophy back your "The seriouslyappointment, the taken have (Ibid., myself. her 105:5.) unto

is fare [and sound. However, program inwelfare love underprogram and and

standing have made it work advan- I would dislike to see any logical here is some real advice] I feel that it to indoctrination take constant people. of theirtageously in the lives facet or service within the must that comes

the enthusiasm of employed keep up in welmembershipTraining Church welfare concepts of the and functions here. Offto continue working activitiesfare important has proved an I people sacrificed plan in exchange for what

I the opportunity would welcome handfacility in getting to do other them social insecure term would manmade to in a the cannery. day work The spiritual tothings important growth and for collective beneformulas or personal

testimony. fits. I should not like to see any prowomen appear to be having fun."

Welfare is still, however, a program posed substitute for the plan unless it About a year and a half ago I reletter to of a ceived conanswer an is education. itof better, see to it Leadership be could must and the only way

I to friend written school a dolence had is information better,that concerning plan, the for in to God my estimation, of of mine, not a the Church, member it.together instruccounsel with the reveal and

care in loving devotion had taken whotion presiding brethren, reaches from the or see yet understand may not We life. parents of her throughout Herthe rank the proand of welfare file of Church members the need immediate

father just passed aged away. had Thefor better understanding. as surely gram, Improved as unbut and God lives

letter is tragic read, in part age "Old rederstanding it wipes out prejudice on, of goes inspiration as time and the

Isentment to the plan. Our people are will prove a blessing to the people of in many respects. I am so thankful

take care parents. could of The my Ientitled properly informed. to be the people think Church. Sometimes The

is attitude for of your the aged Church are,better informed they the of not take more time the Church who fail stress to to wonderful. family Never theready better acceptance learn see the the divine about program and the

obligations helpless. to the aged and it will do. they overrich nature blessingswork of the cannot and more We

bless your and Church God you attiof fullylook the proper importance of than some have May who our own in work."your

Itudes the toward the part plan to trouble. that of not confion gone am

the membership of the Church. All dent that knowledge of the welfare Such favorable expressions from our

must be encouraged to accept and come program has brought much good will friends should give us greater appreciathe Church way completely or the proand friendliness to the Church. Thus tion for the welfare plan. Also, these

gram will fall short in its goals. It does it has opened many doors to our misexpressions emphasizing the Godgiven

not replace tithing but is an added step sionaries for the teaching of the restored values and encouragement for continued supplementing that divine law in the gospel of our Lord. It has become, then, functioning are challenges for us to

care of the needy of the Church. a powerful missionary agency, not for make the plan succeed, which it canunless not do accept it fully and we help the it offers but for the faith the antagonisms and the greatest Ofttimes

really at it enthusiastically. work plan promotes. are to the program worst enemiesthe

found within our own ranks. I will alListen to the written comments of a If some people of the Church are

ways remember and thank Elder Marion few visitors representing a cross section waiting for adverse circumstances to

G. Romney.for the important lesson he of many faiths who have visited Welfare affect them personally before supporttaught me many years ago in a special Square to learn about the program and ing the program, they should remember

stake and ward welfare meeting held have the privilege of seeing it in action: that there are many faithful souls who

in Phoenix, Arizona, while the pro- "A very good piece of work. Every now require assistance, and some of

gram was still quite young. I informed church should have it."them may be their own immediate relahim our company was paying heavy "The Mormons are to be admired for tives. If the true concepts of this plan

taxes, and I wanted to see our people their great work which sets an example are operating in families, the families obtain their proportionate share of pubfor others."will be drawn closer together through

lic assistance. At that time I felt keenly 'Wonderful program! If only there helping the ones in distress out of

the rightness of this position. He said were more, it would be a better world."financial problems and temporal diffito me, "That may be good for the "This has been a real opportunity to culties. In the eyes of God this work

world, but it isn't the Lord's plan. The see the way the entire world problem is of a spiritual nature; therefore I have

welfare program is the Lord's way of could be solved."more faith and assurance in the stability

providing for his own."He then ex- "Am surprised. Think your program and the effectiveness of the welfare

plained its purpose and operation in is almost beyond conception. Wish you plan to care for the needy of the Church

more detail. No doubt other of the all success."under all conditions and circumstances,

if fully faithful deand operated by Authorities or General brethrenwelfare inspiring exthis truly "I've a found

I of the Church, than members previous counsel the on given samehad I voted principles sincerest perience. The

of assistance devised in plan by any do registervisits, it did not but somehow refound. ever program and have A

of those regardless plans good man, how that ocroot in take mind.nor On my of."ligion well should proud be one

or adwell they be be how may to may witness bore thecasion Ghost Holy "I this that question program not do costs of ministered. the heavy With of that spirit of truth the whichmy

is inspired."divinely all levels at operating and government testified. Fortified withElder Romney

this witness, from that time forward I "I think your work is wonderful, and the interest and principle payments on have strongly advocated and supported Christ must have a hand in all of it."the national debt, any downward

this worthy program from the Lord. It "As anyone can see, God has his eyes changes in our present economic strucis right in principle and true in its conon this organization. May the people ture would make insecure cash assistance

cepts, regardless of one's approach to continue to live this way. It is uplifting payments to qualified recipients. Also,

the plan. A little prayerful meditation to anyone's morale to see that people high inflationary conditions or excessive

in an honest and sincere manner will can still work together."(Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1955 921 and security to our people, and thus

Delbert I. Stapley Continued inviting to the entire Church membership. The people of the Church can

war needs of machinery, goods, and came more tolerant and friendly tothen be encouraged to come the Churchservices would render impossible to low ward us; and missionary work flourished way with confidence.

income groups life's necessities. These again. It was a turning point for a We must always remember the paraconditions, as a Church, we must guard brighter and a more hopeful future for ble of the five wise and the five foolish

against, for God will hold us responsible the Church. virgins. When difficult times come, and

let will, us surely be not found they for tofor his failure care people. I sincerely believe bold and am foolish bethus appear unprepared and brotherly in adkindness Love and chief to of suggest that the one enough or the not cause Lord obeyed have we of areministering basic help concepts factors contributing foundations and servants. welhis of the counsel The welfare plan.the Church own We to of leading erecting the the Swiss is care fare to Lord's the and plan way diversified operate productionand its all to of blessings with the Temple, for his people. provide have been Weprojects distribution centers and manned this Saints, credited to European can be is it test of sufficiently a warned; now receiving in those the help programby effort. welfare magnificent faith brothers devotion. we, and Can my costs labor.or for voluntary Dollar by

the most part have been eliminated. It has been said that future events and sisters of the Church, measure up?

cast their therebefore truthto the witness them; I bear shadows you my are not dependent economic onWe

fore, I of this accepting experience hisfulness the of great program. hopefactors the nor cash income. amount of

to the faith prophecies concerning and the strength the have the and we store produce on a tory ahead andWe is it calamities of the latter days, there function and even go forward make basis yearrecommended two in homes and in stake, region, and Church storesufficient cause to promote and deas it has been revealed and as it has great the of welfare blessing for the outlined the program further, beenhouses. are provelop At the present time we

it I fully operapeople pray, of the Church, and successfully to make humbly all percent ofducing seventy welfare requirements, and thirty percent is tive, stable and strong, with assurance in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

acquired from commercial sources.

When all stakes have acquired projects and meet fully budget assignments, it is anticipated welfare can produce ninetytwo percent of all commoditiesused, and only eight percent will come The Blessings of the Gospel from commercial channels. During

1954, 56,566 persons were assisted through the welfare plan of the Church, by Hugh B. Brown

which represents a marvelous and inASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE service.valuable

As I have analyzed the causes for increased faith, activities, devotion, and '.; - "]iu{ humble and moving prayer mated is evidenced by his further statetithing throughout the Church, I am of our President at the openment,

all in to giveconstrained honesty his address, much f his and 'n8 M& WMm shall this be gospel of the kingdom activities, functions,credit to the and for request that him, pray we all witness the in for a world preached... orwelfare. connected with Thework gloriously were answered all the shall nations; as unto end then and

possibleganizational that plan makes inspiring us he gave that 1—24:14.) (Matt. come.

immediate contact with bishops, presiopening talk. When I hear him, and

dencies of priesthood quorums, and Rethe other great men on this stand, exThis gospel of which we speak is a lief Societies for help and assistance press feelings of weakness and inademessage of good will, of glad tidings.

from its members on any given welfare quacy and prayers for strength as they It is the way of salvation in this life, project or activity, brings into service address us, I wonder how some of us and a method of exaltation in the life many people, the inactive with the even dare approach the pulpit. My soul to come. Furthermore, it is a message

active, whose opportunity of working is subdued, my heart is humble, as t of peace on earth, for which all the together develops moral and spiritual listen and worship with you. world is praying. The Apostle Paul

strength that expresses itself in the imThere are two activities of the Church defined it as "... the power of God unto

proved record of ward and stake acwhich are not only of paramount imsalvation to every one that believeth."

complishments. portance to the members of the Church, (Romans 1:16.)

I call your attention to the great servbut are also of great and increasing inNow if this gospel, this power of ice the Church through its welfare terest and concern to all who hear of God, is to be effective unto the salvaprogram rendered to the destitute Saints them. They have the same objective tion of men, they must believe it, but

in Europe following World War II. and the same purpose. They are a part quoting Paul again,

Conditions were tragic; the outlook of of the everlasting and unchangeable

the people hopeless. Immediate help plan of redemption. I shall speak for a... how shall they believe in him of

they not heard? have and how shall whom of the storehouses great required. missionary thewas work The moment

a they preacher? hear without a wellstocked. was of Here were preaching theChurch Church—theon except shall they preach, they how And

crisis. that welltest to of a real the operabuilding meet and How ofgospel—andthe 10:1415.) sent? be (Romanscrisis was met is now history, but the tion of temples—to make available to

performance was creditably done, thanks both living and dead the blessings that That the preaching of the gospel is of to the faith and works of the people. come through the performance of the transcendent importance is evidenced

In what finer way could the second ordinances of the gospel. by the fact that it was enjoined in every

great commandment, to "love thy neighThe gospel of Jesus Christ makes dispensation from the beginning. Jebour as thyself"(Mark 12:31) be so knowledge of and obedience to law hovah himself taught it to Adam, who

ably demonstrated? Friendly and brothprerequisite to the enjoyment of its blessreceived it and called upon his sons to

erly hands clasping across the sea in ings. The plan of redemption provides repent. Enoch and his associates taught

the spirit of love and good will! A that all the sons of God must hear the it and lived it so effectively that their

strength and blessing to the faraway gospel and be given an opportunity to city was translated, and Enoch walked

Saints who in their troubles were not. embrace it, directly or vicariously. with God.

sisters of theirforgotten brothers injunction given the Savior, and by The to the thus be Gospel began And lifted; their this in in Zion!in morale Their repeated Jerusalem and was

his day, preached, and by by and own voice, faith into all returned. the ye world,courage preach and Church and The "Go gift of the Ghost. the 5:58.) (Moses Holy

became better known in Europe through the gospel to every creature,"(Mark the welfare distribution of life's necessi16:15) is imperative. That it must be For one hundred and twenty years

ties; the attitudes of nonmembers bedone before his work can be consumNoah warned the unheeding people of

922 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA judgments to come. The gospel was back the frontiers of the mission field. colossal scale that people in every land

known to Abraham, to Moses, and to Since the British Mission was estabmay hear the message of the gospel, the prophets. lished in 1837, modern apostles have each in his own tongue and at his own

Jesus of Nazareth, in the Meridian dedicated many lands and countries for fireside. Surely out of Zion shall go

of Time, went about the whole of the preaching of the gospel. The last forth the law and the word of the Lord

Galilee teaching in their synagogues and to be so blessed were Korea, Okinawa, from Jerusalem. He has said,

preaching the gospel of the kingdom of the Philippines, and Guam. They

God. (See Matthew 4:23.) Peter taught were dedicated for this work by Presi-... he shall utter his voice out of Zion,

it, and on the day of Pentecost epitodent Joseph Fielding Smith in August and he shall speak from Jerusalem, and his mized its saving principles in the last. voice shall be heard among all people;

the Lord, shall Savior, the even stand And words,memorable broadcasts of weekly the The Taberin of the his people, midst shall reign and nacle carried Choir gospel the have all flesh. of over 133:21, 25.) (D & C Repent, and be baptized every one of you will good and millions unto harmony

of in the for Jesus the Christ remisname during the past years. twentysix In is salvation to But only to those come

... of sins,sion their of recent tour Europe, 379 memliving accept or gospel the now who is the For promise to unto you, your and bers of choir the their into sang way to listhechildren, off, all to and that afar are even few—always a minority—who hearts of heard them. all who Many the as to prophets tened in other as dispensacall. the the shall Lord many our God

(Ibid., 2:3839.) were led to say with Isaiah and with tions. No, the thought is repugnant to

Paul, "How beautiful are the feet of reason, and inconsistent with the charpublish predicted who the He latter day appearthem the gospel of peace; acter the and attributes of God. That

..."(See of Isa. 52:7.) the Savior saying,ance to preaching of the gospel is not be

Other millions of strangers within the limited to mortal beings is attested by therefore, ye Repent converted, gates be and of Temple Square have learned the scripture, for Christ sinsthat your blotted out, may be when of the heretofore unpublished chapters of refreshingthe times shall the from come. life.. of of the telling spirits the preached and unto went Christ—chapters ofpresence the Lord; in of prison; his visit to disobedihis were sometime Which other sheep the on shall he Christ, send Jesus And which ent, longsuffering the once of when God American after his crucibefore was preached unto you: of in the waited days the ark while Noah, fixion in of his glorious the receive Jerusalem—alsocontinent until heaven must the Whom preparing, a 3:1920.) (I Peter was... of last opening the dispensation as he of restitutiontimes all of things, which

appeared the spoken of all byGod hath his mouth to the Prophet Joseph Smith And further, 1820. in prophetsholy since the began. (Acts world

3:1921.) That the General Authorities of the For... this cause was the gospel preached

are to Church this devoted with work to also that are that dead, they might them it the is have message, same and We selfsacrificing is zeal evidenced the by to flesh, according be judged in the mentaught the by as same authority that fact that live they traveled but last since spirit. according to in the OctoGod led the apostles towhich their dedicate (Ibid., 4:6.) ber conference a total than of more

it.lives to carry this to message To 756,000 miles.

gentile, Paul and from went JeruJew is the of the gospel While message Let refer us to only a of few the tosalem Antioch, thence to west Cyprus to being carried that the dead, are them brethren part of only and their travels.

Asia into Minor,and even Europe, and living for the 125 have past years been President Fielding Joseph traveled Smithfinally his took long adventurous and for doing they them could not what over miles his 30,000 in recent tour of tojourney where prison he Rome knew for themselves. do said Jesus a the Pacific man South Mission. Elder Leeawaited of and him where his some of must born the be of water the and similar a last made journey year. Elder

greatest epistles It written. were was spirit before see the of he can kingdom just Kimball has returned from Europein that life his for he gave the Rome is universal God. a This applying law visited where he fourteen countries andcause which he advocated with such all, to living is dead. both and Water traveled than more miles. 50,000 Elder

skill. lifeconsummate his ended He is a element, mundane baptism and an E. Petersen in his Mark of tour South

benediction, awith earthly ordinance. shall the then How American missions covered miles, 20,000

I have fought a good fight, I have finished and Elder Romney traveled 33,000 miles dead comply with the law respecting my course, I have kept the faith. (II Timin visiting Australia, New Zealand, and baptism?

othy 4:7.) other South Pacific countries. The need and efficacy of the law of

service of vicarious or agency, proxy of the of the Council members The this of early missionaries Church, The the before recognized world was was visiting their spent whole time Twelve persecupredecessors, theirlike endured doctrine the created. of atonement The stakes missions. of and members The sacrifices,tion, were and made many unless operative could not have become First Presidency the have been even to proclaiming diewilling in be if need it to for possible person one do were all active. at more and wonder We of Christ. the gospel defendingand later for the that could another which for vitality, pray of their a continuation of the the Church, prophet founderThe It the for himself. under not do was inspiration. endurance, and in of theorganizer missionary system reof service vicarious that Christ law

this dispensation, was, like Paul of old, From January 1954 to October 1955, deemed us from the fall of Adam, tried before many magistrates and President David O. McKay, now in his

judges, appealed to the highest author83rd year, visited twentyfive countries... as in Adam all die, even so in Christ

ity, was imprisoned many times, and on six continents in land, sea, and air shall all be made alive. (I Cor. 15:22.)

finally sealed his testimony with his journeys of approximately 100,000 miles.

blood. Our Heavenly Father, in order, as he Since the Church was organized more

Believing as we do that this is the said, to cut his work short in righteousthan fifteen million saving ordinances same gospel which Jesus taught, that ness, has made available to us such have been performed by the living for in fact, as Paul said, there is no other improved facilities of travel and comthe dead. New temples are being built

gospel, and that it must be preached to munication as would have been nothing in many lands to facilitate and consumall the world as a witness, all Lattershort of miraculous in the days of Peter mate this stupendous work. The treday Saints are or should be missionand Paul or even to our pioneer fathers. mendous cost of preaching the gospel to

aries, either at home or abroad. Let Steamships and airplanes enable us to both the living and the dead and makhim that is warned warn his neighbor. go farther in hours than they could have ing its blessings available is met largely

Since 1830 more than 71,000 men and gone in months. Radio and television from the voluntary contributions of the

women have served in foreign mission have amplified the voice and made it people. The missionary and temple

fields. They are literally carrying out possible to take the gospel into the work of the Church is an unequaled

the injunction, "Go ye into all the homes of the people of almost all namass demonstration of selfsacrificing world."Missions have been established tions. service.

in Europe, Asia, Africa, Australia, North The day may not be far distant when Yes, the gospel is the power of God and South America, and in the islands there will be a worldwide reenacting unto salvation to all them that believe.

of the sea. We are constantly pushing of the day of Pentecost on such a (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1955 923 Hugh B. Brown Continued WhenHate andthere'senvylovene'erat annoyhome.

Roses bloom beneath our feet;

All the earth's a garden sweet.

There is a power available to man same authority. That gospel, and the Making life a bliss complete

which, when properly utilized, will reauthority to teach it and administer in When there's love at home.

sult in his salvation. This power is its ordinances, was restored to this earth

smiles Kindly above heaven it fact task to is in of atequal the the of the the because Dispensation dawn there's at love home; When it of asthe hail Fulness that declared of Times. power Paul God dawn We is filled the with love world

to be. of this as great Before Parley the use can power, men we sing hymn there's at love home. P. AllWhen

they must hear, believe, and obey. There Pratt: Sweeter sings the brooklet by;

will be no arbitrary use of this power; Brighter beams the azure sky;

no force will ever be applied. The keys The morning breaks; the shadows flee; Oh, there's One who smiles on high

to its use are faith and intelligent coLo, Zion's standard is unfurled! When there's love at home.

operation. Our mission is to declare to The dawning of a brighter day

the world first that there is such a Majestic rises on the world. Yes, I am grateful for my parents,

power; second, to explain the eternal and my wife, and my children. God bless

immutable laws which govern its use; our mothers, our wives, not only in the

third, to perform authoritatively the Jehovah speaks! let earth give ear, Church but throughout the world.

ordinances which by divine decree have And Gentile nations turn and live. Whenever you find a leader among the

been made prerequisite to seeing or His mighty arm is making bare, men, you will find that there is a good entering the kingdom of God; and His covenant people to receive. wife at his side. She may not be menfourth, to warn the nations of the tioned; she may not be very wellknown;

calamities which shall be visited upon Heavenly Father, wilt thou bless all the man gets the credit, the plaudits of the ungodly before the second advent of us that we, too, may fight a good the people, but I tell you when the final of the Savior. fight, may finish the course, may keep score is made up, perhaps the wife will

We preach the same gospel that was the faith, we humbly pray in the name receive greater mention, greater blesstaught anciently. We teach it by the of Jesus Christ. Amen. ings than the husband. So do not forget

thesebrethren.wives and our mothers, you

Friday Afternoon, September 30, 1955 I was so happy to hear all about the movements of the Tabernacle Choir in

Europe. Sister McKay read to me all

we could get out of the newspapers, and

I listened to the radio very carefully. I

received a thrill, brothers and sisters, The Worthy Saints when they were in Berlin, and I do not know who had charge of the broadcast, but there came over the radio the singin burst forth their to express apsong of Europe preciationing of our members in Berlin. They for this great in their event

district. I was especially overcome when

by Thomas E. McKay Ito heardthose therefugees.choir Godhad blessbeen them.able toTheresing

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE are thousands and thousands of them there that need such music now, and

I gospel. the that need '"; am very grateful, my brethour childhood experiences there, espekind know what

Wm I ren and sisters, for this woncially those with President McKay, and of people some of them are.

;= derful opportunity again to when we got through and were saying On my second mission over there I

i bear you my testimony to the goodbye, the brother there held my had the privilege of visiting the mem- -I divinity of this work. I have hand a while. Then he said, "You bers up in Koenigsberg, where they had,

thoroughly enjoyed the testihave been blessed with understanding I think I may say, one of the finest monies that have been borne this mornparents."I had not heard it described choirs in the Church. To hear those

ing and now the testimony of President just that way before, not in so many brothers and sisters sing, you would

Clark. words, and I told him so. I said, know they are of the house of Israel.

I was very pleased to hear our German "Yes, not only have I been blessed with We went on up farther north and had brethren and sisters furnishing the music understanding parents, but with a the privilege of crossing the boundary this morning. I thought at one time kind, blackeyed, beautiful, understandline from the Memel Branch into

that perhaps there might be some in the ing wife."Russia. The people there were so kind.

choir to whom I taught in English my I am very happy for this opportunity They are ready for the gospel, so do not favorite song, "Love At Home"; but to bear testimony to the goodness of my be hard on them (the people are not reafter hearing their voices, they all parents, my wife, our family, my brothsponsible for what the leaders do), but

sounded so young and fresh I got to ers and sisters, and children and grandpray for them.

thinking of how long ago that was children, for their kindness to me. I I am so happy and thankful that

over fifty years—so I decided that none can truthfully say that there has been our Church school, Brigham Young Uniof them were born at the time I taught love in the home, there in the old versity, has a class in Russian. I hope

that English class. I am grateful for Huntsville home. more of the young men will prepare. I

the great missionary work that is being My favorite song, as some of you alam not saying that anything might done in the Church. I am grateful ready know, is "Love at Home."happen, but so many things are happenespecially for the gospel, and,as I say, ing and are happening so fast that we

this opportunity of again bearing my There is beauty all around cannot tell. It is a good thing to be

testimony of its divinity. When there's love at home; prepared. I often thought, while in the

I am thankful, especially for my parThere is joy in every sound mission field, of some of the prophecies there's at love home. When sisters. for brothersentage and and reference that to with been have my made

here plenty abide, Peace and Sister or ago, a ten days thisAbout earth, week the here conclusion on "when side. sweet Smiling every on

at old the I were for shall home; and the up example, come";McKay end softly, sweetly glide the doth in. Time visitors. it says, of shall gospel, had some came the They bewe kingdom there's love at home. When

I well; all not too had to them, met nations, shall knew then preached "andWe

them before. We were delighted to say In the cottage there is joy the end come."

some things about the old home, about When there's love at home; Well, I visited in Europe, Germany,

924 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Austria, Hungary, France, Switzerland; dimly lighted. Our members had great to me,"the Lord said, for I made them

all included in the then SwissGerman difficulty going down in the archives and by the power of mine Only BegotMission. There are millions of people and getting the names. But it has been ten, created I them. (See Moses 1:33,

there. I thought, "Well, if the end does changed. The records have been filmed, 35.)

not come before all of these people reand thousands of names are ready to be Then I think of his great atonement ceive the gospel, I guess it will be a long taken to the temple. and of the promises that yet await us

while."But judging from events that And may I say this, many of the of his unfinished work. You remember

have recently happened, especially with members are already here, and I supwhen he stood before the chief priest my brother, President David O. McKay, pose over eighty per cent of them have of the Jews, Caiaphas, and Caiaphas

visiting so many countries of the world come here with hundreds of names to said, short I love these the broadcasts temple. for in time, the ain such of work

I living the adjure God, that... thee by visit are over choir their workers; they wonderful temple and members;our

tell the Christ, they thou the thou be us whether all tothere, the gospel preached are templeminded; be so happy and I may am of (Matt. 26:63.) God. Son

people before we realize it. and thankful for the completion of this

I am so thankful for the temple that temple in Bern. And Jesus answered,

intheir for bless in Bern, the established the brethren beaubeenhas God said: hast nevertheless I say unto Thoutiful spiration it there. in beautiful capital building of Switzerland, I am

see of shall Hereafter ye the you, Son man

I It is little privilege the country. thatSwitzerland. a great thankful have had sitting of right power, the on hand and

If of location, to so testimony bearing consulted the been on I had many my (Ibid., of in the clouds heaven. coming

(I am so thankful now I was not) I people over in Europe. I was there on 26:64.)

believe I would not have thought of three different missions.

Bern. The larger branches and most I remember very well the last testiIt is this "coming in the clouds of

of the members are outside of that city. mony I bore in Berlin, at the time of heaven,"and the work that is necesBut Bern is the capital where are loWorld War II in 1939. At the conclusary to be done to prepare for his comcated the beautiful. government buildsion of the meeting, a stranger spoke to ing that I would like to say a few words

ings. There is one of the finest geneme. He appeared to be a very intelliabout this afternoon. Let us turn to

alogical libraries that I have ever had gent man. He said, "You ought not to the holy scriptures for the promises of

the privilege of visiting located in Bern. talk to people that way; they will bethe resurrection, and President Clark has

I visited there and met the head man. lieve you."I told him of the goodness referred to the resurrection. Think of

We visited so long we could not get of the gospel, and that all mankind getting our bodies back out of the grave away. The telephone rang, and his wife would be happier if they followed the and being reunited with our loved ones,

asked why he did not come home to plan of salvation, as it had been reand then read the testimony of John lunch. She was not very happy about vealed in the gospel and added, "I do when he was banished upon the Isle

it, but he told her to never mind waithope they follow my testimony."I of Patmos, describing that time:

get his longer, thating he would any asked him his name, and he said, "Never all tears from God shall And wipe away day. that the building near mind."lunch down their eyes; shall be and there no more

They are anxious and ready to exScores of people since have arrived death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither plain the work that they have done here in Zion and are living examples shall there be any more pain, for the former there already in genealogical work. I of the testimony that I bore in Berlin. things are passed away....

believe from all I have heard and I could mention many names, but He that overcometh shall inherit all studied that the records in Switzerland time will not permit. However, I have things: and I will be his God, and he shall

that have been kept in the various lived to see the benefits realized by those be my son. (Rev. 21:4, 7.)

gospel. the or accepted as are the havechurches complete most who is it farther read that they we Then

is true to gospel us as given world, and in others thecomplete The any in die shall Christ forth come for who who life. in this also. our happiness in have Germany,and we Now first in of resurrection, the the morning

is lives; the Christ to able Jesus that head and are inventionsthe modern God rest live the of that the but not dead

I this this testiit of bear Church. so records. you thesefilm Before was until again are years the thousand

it I in of for thedifficult mony, decipher Jesus do to and our name members ended.

them: the churches are not heated and Christ. Amen. What is there in this world that we

could do as individuals to repay for the privilege of coming forth in the morning of the first resurrection and receiving our loved ones and being united with them and with the servants of the

Living God, and with the Redeemer of BUILDING THE KINGDOM the world, when he comes in the clouds of heaven?

If we understood really what the gosby LcGrand Richards pel is, we would know why Jesus said that the merchantman seeking costly

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE pearls would sell all that he had in order that he might acquire it and called it the Pearl of Great Price, and we [Y BROTHERS AND SISTERS: I blessings the great work of the Master, would also understand what he meant

rejoice with you in the I am sure that all of us as Latterday when he said, of feel event greatest Saints the that testimonies and wonderful is if profited, a he shall For what man all of history time recorded was the reinstructions have we his lose the world, whole and own of the mission the Redeemer life and conference. in this ceived shall of gainsoul? or give in exchange what a man

I pray that the Lord will the world. for his soul? (Matt. 16:26.)

let me have the spirit of testimony His work is not yet finished. We read

bearing for the few moments that I in the Book of Mormon that We just do not have the capacity to blessings great the appreciate await that before you.stand

... is finished; yet neither not work my faithful, for to the the the Lord said to the beautiful listening After

it neither of until the disshall be man, end Prophet: this afternoon herecourse by President forever. henceforth that from and time (2

Clark on the life and the mission of the Nephi 29-9.) Great shall be their reward and eternal

Redeemer of the world, and rememshall be their glory. (D & C 76:6.)

bering what President McKay said this And I think today of him as the Cremorning, as he counted his blessings and ator of worlds, as we are told in the In this great preparation the Master advised us to count ours, and he put at Pearl of Great Price, unnumbered to is to make, it requires that he have an the head of the list in counting his man, "but all things are numbered un- {Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1955 925 The Lord not only knew Jeremiah,

LeGrand Richards continued but he also knew Joseph Smith. Three

thousand years ago the Lord revealed organization. He called his twelve, ecy; whereunto ye do well that ye take heed, unto Joseph who was sold into Egypt,

humble men they were, but they were as unto a light that shineth in a dark place, that in the latterdays, out of his loins, until star arise the the day day dawn, and raise choice seer he up a and a would they could be taught, were and whomen hearts: in your like prophet Moses. full unto true of faith, (2 Nephi were and theymen

first, this of that prophecy no Knowing 1417.) 3:11, that theyto the testimony had, and

is scripture private interpretathe of any they went forth fearlessly even until tion. And we read in holy writ that there

each one gave his life, except the Apostle For the prophecy came not in old time was no prophet in all Israel like unto

John, who was privileged to tarry until by the will of man: but holy men of God Moses because Moses talked with God

the Savior should come, for the testispake as they were moved by the Holy face to face, and that is the kind of mony of Jesus that burned in their souls. Ghost. (II Peter 1:1921.) prophet the Lord promised Joseph he

I sit here among these brethren who would raise up out of his loins in the are special witnesses of the Lord Jesus And that is what makes the word of latter days, and that Joseph Smith was

Christ unto the world. I do not believe prophecy more sure than anything else this promised Prophet is our testimony

there is one of them who would not in all this world. to the world. The things that Jesus and

give his life willingly for the testiWe ought to analyze the prophecies the prophets declared would have to be mony of Jesus. I know that the Presiwith respect to this great latterday disaccomplished before his coming, could

dency of this Church never has to ask pensation and the preparation for the not be accomplished without a prophet any of these men if he is willing to go coming of the Son of Man as he testithrough whom the Lord could work.

fied that in to Caiaphas he come would or or responsithis therehere assume in read the Malachi Lord where We of the clouds heaven. orbility that responsibility. could They his said that prophet through he would

I like to to read a stateyou would innot find all the world who men for a send to prepare messenger the way prophet. the about of a need This ment to accept willing the bewould more his swiftly coming, he and would come

is a minister. in from the I was While toassignments that them. come I know to his temple. prophet but a Who South, conventions held two were by I are of joythey the God. this know men could messenger? there ever be Has

of the testimony of the Holy Ghost, that one of the large churches in Atlanta, been a time that he came swiftly to rapture that fills your bosom as you feel Georgia, and in one of them Bishop his temple? How could the temple

yourself in his very presence. I know Warren A. Candler, among other things, be prepared for his coming without a

it is worth every effort that we can put made this statement: prophet? This promise has reference

forth. "We need the reappearance of prophto his second coming, for Malachi adds:

In our meeting in the temple yesterets sent from God."

day, one of the Presidency indicated Then Dr. Ainsworth discussed the... who may abide the day of his comthat he thought one of the things we condition of the world and the need of ing? and who shall stand when he apneeded to teach the Saints most was to something to arrest the world from its peareth? for he is like a refiner's fire, and

live worthy to go to the temples. We present decadent condition, and asked like fullers'soap. (Mai. 3:2.)

these words:are temples. are great building They

last in his So will coming, he come in the history nation's "Never the wasinstitutions in the and Church, we swiftly his to temple. to will come He arresting voice of of a prophet God toshould teach our people apyoung

sit in as judgment, saw, Malachi and it is than needed today."more Ipreciate this them. additional had Malachi's thoughts, going that along are of here the words Then a minthat people,thought our have what who line, of same the great coming saw the ister in a ago: years England few to the temple, throughbeen need know dreadful and of in the day the Lord all that has recognize somethingis "We of sacredness the obligations the they

latterdays when for at to the done, got be moment we intoenter in these holy temples.

leaders earthly plight in are our a where agree to there consecrate they When all the all yea, proud, that... and do die. drift falter, people and our Weall all that they are they that have and shall be stubble: that the and day forget blind the that whenfor the of cannot building of shall the kingdom set wickedly,cometh up up, burn saith the Lord them

are that blind, the to lead chances out of hosts, I that it shall leave believe neither of do in thatGod, eyes the them the Lord they are not idle words; that both will find themselves in a ditch. root nor branch. (Ibid., 4:1.)

we ought to put first our duty and re- A dictator being out of the question, prophet a prophet? The what about that beto say goes he then on Andsponsibility to the priesthood that we

It is selfappointed. is well never Elijah to fore the send that he would day the buildingbear and to kingof the

is in that chosen mind. he keep Nor fathers of hearts the to turn the prophet all of God, things other and oughtdom

is fellows. his of heavenhe Always to the children. the does not whyto Now that. secondary be unto And if we

I sent; at the yet cheered thought am Elijah believe that will come? world this,realize realize the majesty and we

of that appearing the knack he has to believe that he can was taken at They thisof great in work enwhich we are so, I intime. being the right That of in a in the clouds heaven, heaven itgaged, difficult not for be would us

to do that very thing. cline to the belief that our prophet must flaming chariot, and here is the promise

I have great faith in the fulfilment of surely be getting ready for us. Let us that he should come in the latter days.

the prophecies. I think of the words not forget that; hope and pray as we And we bear witness that Elijah did

of Jesus as he walked along the way to will for his coming. Men have an old come, and because of the knowledge and

habit his crucifixion. following TheEmmaus

stones. of Wegreetingneedthenottruebe prophetsurprisedwithif theto buildinformationthese templeshe brought,and dowethiscontinuegreat reeyes of the as you will two disciples,

call, were holden that they could not an oldfashioned welcome awaits the work that is being done in the temples recognize him, and as he heard them prophet of our day. No one can say of the Lord.

will prophet a but of such come, whentalking Peter to those speaking of the things done that had been was When there of question."our need is no him (his crucifixion), anhein Jerusalem, the Christ, death he put to had who

swered, "... O fools, and slow of heart We find people today who say, "Well, said,

to believe all that the prophets have we could accept your message, but we spoken:"And then he explained to them cannot believe that Joseph Smith was Repent ye therefore, and be converted,

from the scriptures the words of Moses a prophet."If they believed in the prethat your sins may be blotted out, when the

shall of refreshing times the from come existent could they then underthey prophets the thatand had how of presence the Lord; as stand. called Jeremiah was all testified Whenlife, of his of work. him and shall Christ, Jesus he send which And a prophet, be could a boy to he not their are told opened he unThen we 3:19before preached you. (Acts unto was

it, to the said understand Lord him, and thatderstanding, underthey might 20.)

stand the scriptures. (See Luke 24.)

I I belly in the thee Before formed knew then we And he remember had already been Now, have the words of Peter thee; before forth earnest thou out and said,in he which them. already of among I sanctified thee, been had I ordained the He and womb

We have also a more sure word of prophthee a prophet unto the nations. (Jer. 1:5.) crucified, and here is the promise of

926 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Peter that the Lord would send him ham, thou art one of them; thou wast after reading the first chapter of James,

again, but he adds: chosen before thou wast born."(Abraand the fifth verse:

ham 3:23.) Whom the heaven must receive until the Jesus knew that he would work If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask times of restitution of all things, which God through the instrumentality of his servof God, that giveth to all men liberally, all hishath of holy spoken not; and it shall be given by the and upbraideth mouth ants just called did the as he he when

(Ibid., sinceprophets the began. world (James 1:5.)

is said, as that Twelve, and he him. why he3:21.)

stood overlooking Jerusalem, But there was a provision, believe Bible the can one Holy How killest that thou Jerusalem, Jerusalem, let ask in faith, nothing waverBut him not that believe of preparatheand one prophets, stonest the are and which them is like ing. a that wavereth For he wave

I thee, sent often unto fortory things of have would the the how Recoming of tossed. the sea driven and with the wind

together, children thy gathered as even a of "restituthe adeemer world be would (Ibid., 1:6.)

tion of all things which God hath hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, not! and ye would of thespoken by all his holy mouth testimony borne have heard As we Behold, your house is left unto you desosinceprophets the began."world his today, his testimony with he sealed late.

of the mentioned coming We have blood, that he had seen God the For I say not unto you, Ye shall see me life's

Elijah. President Clark the mentioned Christ, the Son. Father and Jesus henceforth, his [notwithstanding promise]

restoration of the priesthood, the AaYe shall not see me henceforth, till ye shall I believe in that vision.

ronic and the Melchizedek, and then say, Blessed is he that cometh in the name I believe the second great event is the there was the kingdom to be set up that of the Lord. (Matt. 23:3739.) coming forth of the Book of Mormon.

Daniel saw in the last days that should It was not written by Joseph Smith but become as a great mountain and fill the We have had some wonderful testitranslated by him under the inspiration whole earth, and how could that be monies of people of standing on the of our Heavenly Father.

without a prophet of God? great work that the Prophet Joseph has It was my privilege a few months

Then there was the new record of done. I cannot take time to go into ago to visit a stake in Idaho. I listened

Joseph to come forth to be joined with that. I will just give you this one to a young man, a convert to the

the record of Judah according to the thought. The other day Brother Levi Church, bear witness and testimony in

command the Lord gave to Ezekiel, and Edgar Young showed me a history of the morning session, and I shall ever how could that be without a prophet the state of Vermont, and under the be grateful for his testimony. During

who should do this work, for the Lord caption, Sharon, we read these words: the war he was assigned in a Naval

said it forth that bring and he would unit to Logan, the Utah, at Utah State of enters the Hall by being Sharon Fame join record it to the would of Judah,he College. attended one He of of Agricultural the birthplace of immortals the one

and he would make them one in his American history, Joseph Smith, who or two of our meetings, and then he hands. (Ezek. 37:1617.) The Lord founded the Mormon religion. was sent for further training to San

works through his servants, the prophets. Diego. He became acquainted with one

These are only a few of the things The world is beginning to recognize of our chaplains, Elder John Boud.

the Lord promised to do before the comthe power and the spirit that is in this John Boud presented him with a Book ing of the Redeemer of the world. We work, a power which causes every man of Mormon. The young man, after

bear witness to the world that this to be willing to devote himself to the completing his service for Uncle Sam,

Prophet, Joseph Smith, raised up of the building of the kingdom which is the returned to his home in the East, atLord, was in very deed the instrument kind of power and influence that can tending again Columbia University, so that the Lord had in waiting through overcome the world and establish his he might finish his studies and graduthe centuries, in the preexistent state kingdom in the earth. ate.

when the Lord stood in the midst of 1 bear you my witness that this is He had a Jewish professor in one of the spirits and said to Abraham: in very deed the work of the Lord, his classes. He presented the Book of

"These I will make my rulers"; for and that he is at the helm, and I do it Mormon to this professor one day. He

there were many of the noble and great in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. fingered through it for a few moments,

ones there, and then he added: "AbraAmen. then he made the statement that either

Joseph Smith was a genius or he was inspired. The young man said, "Take

it and read it, and when you have finished with it, bring it back."After

several weeks he did that, and he said to the young man, "Joseph Smith was Spiritual Cornerstones inspired."

The young man further investigated truth as each soul has a right to inye shall of the Holy power Ghost know of the Church vestigate truth. And I testify by the

if truth, so that desire. have you And

he embraced this great gospel because he had that witness.

by John Longden I believe the third great spiritual

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE event was the organization of the

Church of Jesus Christ, with apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, evangelists 'dseph Smith was and is a First, the vision to the boy, Joseph, and so forth. And you have my witness

I Prophet of the Living God. We who humbly desired to know truth and and testimony this afternoon that these

\ have heard witness from this secluded himself in the woods to pray. men in the First Presidency, the Counpulpit today that a prophet Four weeks ago it was my privilege to cil of the Twelve Apostles, and the

I should be called to lead, guide, stand in that hallowed place, and with Patriarch to the Church, are in very 1..'ill and direct latterday Israel. I bowed head and gratitude in my heart deed prophets of the Living God, reprebelieve that Joseph Smith was a great for the witness that has come to me senting him and bearing special witness

spiritual leader. I believe that he is the that he is in very deed a prophet. I of his divinity to the world today.

greatest spiritual leader since the advisualized in my mind's eye what the Then I believe, finally, the fourth vent of Jesus Christ in mortality. I experience must have been as he was cornerstone or spiritual event was the

believe there are four great events, visited there by God, the Father, the embodiment of the truths contained in spiritual events, if you please, that may Father of our spirits, and Jesus Christ, the message which Joseph Smith gave form the cornerstones of this great his divine literal Son. This was in to the world, completely revolutionizChurch. answer to his humble plea and prayer (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1955 927 John longden Continued knowledgefor the youthtaughtof thethem.worldIttowashavejustthisa

few days ago too, that a student from thesis for his College, writing Harvard ifing, please, spiritual things, the are great you pretruths the upon which his doctor's in degree philosophy, had definitelysomething that contrary for in sented was the our study, contained his belief to that called attention theto the doctrines of Bible, the the which been had DocBook men of Mormon, of the learned Williams James, one most totaught period, in trine that that up of Pearl the Covenants, and and and little his died: wrote men, boy whengospel for have a or a Price. pattern form Great we

living. For the gospel of Jesus Christ I bear you my testimony that God Our little Humster, whome you never saw

teaches me how to live, not how to die, lives, that Jesus is his divine Son, our since his first babyhood, has also gone over but to enjoy life here in this mortal Elder Brother, that he is the Savior of to the majority. We buried him yesterday

life, with all its problems, with all its the World, that Joseph Smith was and under the pine tree, at my father's side.

trials, with all its troubles. is a Prophet of God and that those who For nine days he had been in a desperate

his condition, constitution so but proved have in in position succeeded that him I I grateful that echo can have am visit of tenacious that the doctor each found this of have been Church God, menin heart in and the words mind my my still little last alive. his valiant At him prophets, to President even David downof Jesus: left body. his soul broad, gener- a was He today. O. McKay little ous, patient nature, with a noble

. testiunto bless me, us that that yoke Come Take May upon God my to credit his head have done would who

... isyou, For easy,. yoke. and hearts, abide my within our my mony may It lived. he be that must had name now

is light. 11:2830.)burden (Matt. to will be that is equipped still the meet we for reserved better he some chance

various trials and problems which may than that and that we shall in some way

Brothers and sisters, may we be further confront us, I humbly pray, in the name come into his presence again.

resolved today, as we leave this glorious of the Lord Jesus Christ, our divine conference, more to spiritualize our lives Savior. Amen. Another beautiful truth could be

taught to the youth of our schools. It

concerns the American Indians. The

tribes of America always held through the years that the whites had taken

rose wars. Indian chiefs Indian many May the Age of Peace their lands, and this brought about to great heights at times of noble

thoughts and actions. It was in the

of the chiefs left noblest this message. Come to the Earth early days of the last century that one It is called the message of Gard and was

quoted in the Overland Monthly in 1872: by Levi Edgar Young PRESIDENT OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY Many snows ago, there lived a young

Hoopa named Gard. He knew the stars

and the habits of the trees. "Wide as the

f "1 AM VERY GLAD TODAY tO knOW cient for that purpose. They may retard, eagles fly,"was he known for his love of

they but our misfortunes. prevent cannot in of humility, walked the paths this He We peace. the members ol || that

of are his in need some durable plan which heart. and clean His was words were of choir the are descendants

hostilities will forever to put our an end crooked double. everynot nor went He of people. German Many WJm unite ties of lasting the us and by the teaching mutual where, the people of beauty it is here, born were them

fidelity. affection said to meekness. and peace, them, "Love He

It true. reminds always me, of the shedding blood. and eschew and war

when I hear music rendered by GerIt is only a few weeks ago that Albert Put away all wrangling and the spirit of mans, of the lovely words of Schiller: Schweitzer left this message to Ameriwrath. Dwell together in the singleness of

"You weep today, but you have peace cans, and we may say the world, for love. Let all your hearts be one heart. So

greatly, prosperin ye the hearts and your great One tomorrow."he has become a world character: shall

like shall a great rock build above you up brethren and sisters, have a We, my forests shall the yield mountain. on The of heritage, objectgreat the our If and will revolt found be can who men

of rich you abundance nutty game, and is spirit of against thoughtlessness togeneral bring conferences the the and memred-flecked acorns. seeds and salmon The personalities are enough sound and who ofbers together the to the hear Church fail shall rivers. in rest shall never the Ye let ethical ideals to profound the enough living of are in age anword God. We in joy, in your your good and wigwam start will radiate forces, as there from them truths to are of the needed Godwhen shall like children in the out run and young spirit strong activity will of the be an which ofsolve times. the our problems Our field for of rabbits the number."spiritual to a and evoke enough mental new lips offathers, their report the glowing the with throughout went Gard The disposition in mankind.

land. Graybearded days faith, came many to of witness called menwords God

sit feet. at to his journey But one day truths gospel the ofthat the be would opporthe ago days few had we A his from gone went Gard and was wigwam of future. the childrentaught our No students of of tunity meeting a group distressed suns. brother His was many and of history hasage been complex more

is first a feared. are in said: At doing teaching he work advanced who "He of of probthat today, the onethan and will the people back."and come university wellknown with came who

is that to children our teachlems how his people feared, in few But a days and of the talking over a purpose few quesfaith inthey grow with God up may left the they to search and began wigwams It tions that puzzled a them. was had

are his eternal purposes.and There hills the for their valleys and Gard. They pleasant together, spent hour which we

forests. called after that truths ever the through be mustfundamental day Day for their to great the minds were open they the beat mountains. up and down sacred us by held and and byknown all religion. of truths not were They in shouted the canyons, but They gloomy for of children world, thethe have we of of the church, one and same them to the except sound no echo came them of wars, age passingbeen an through

of parthe son wellknown Still was of Jewish voices. their the brother own wanall of in history the hate never hasand

forest; ents. on. dered the of a through he speaking went chance had He We it for as so universal been manman if brother, exclaimed aloud: Gard, "O particularly the Bible my about and Holy

It last years. a thehas was few been are of souls, already in indeed the land you Genesis, of of part the book which came

B.C., of years ancient times,writer 500 to at least then speak one with word me all discussion. for that agreed up We

I it wrote: of voice the the that windwho know may first surpasses of nothing chapter the

for certainty therefore content."a and be

it is in for sheer beauty, Genesis the dislive in to age be should the Gard which from sky came The Then him we tinguished by some glorious enterprise. Let divine truth that God lives and is the and spoke to his brother. "Listen. I have

the leaders strive to put an end to our presCreator of heaven and earth and is the been in the land of souls. I have beheld

ent troubles. Treaties of peace are insuffiFather of mankind. What a fine thing the great God above. I have come back

928 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to earth to bring a message to the Hoopas, We are further admonished: of God and truth. The attitude of the

their inthat they dwell peace with must referin alone Prophet Smith Joseph

... aclearn, become study and and all tribes. from youneighboring Put of to knowlgaining the study ence and

lanbooks, with quainted and with all good hearts of vengeance.thoughts your Wash is of sublime the books one edge from (Ibid., 90:15.) people. tongues, guages, and in clean. your arrows more no Redden spirit life. of of his truths the had He brother's blood. the Greatyour Then Man in schools learning, our need a thing we employed Prophet Smith Joseph The greatly towill be increase and you make

happy in this good land. Ye shall keep a noted Hebrew scholar from New York today.

the dance of Peace which the Great Man City to come and teach classes in The gospel of Jesus Christ will yet has appointed. When ye observe, ye shall Hebrew. While he also kept Greek and appeal to millions; yes, it will be seen

know if ye are clean in your hearts by a Latin in mind, he first wanted to be and known in all the world. The fusign."able to read Hebrew that he might read ture is lighted for us with the radiant

Having said these words, Gard was the Holy Bible in the original language colors of hope. Strife and sorrow will

wrapped in a cloud and floated up into the in which it was written. From the disappear. Peace and love will reign

land of souls. journal of the Prophet, we find him supreme sometime. The lesson of

studying daily and attending the classes prophets, the dream of poets and musiWith all the individual and racial with many of his brethren who were cians is confirmed in the light of modern differences among men of the nations reading and studying with him. We knowledge, and as we gird ourselves for

of the world, there are also common read: "After a hard day's work, went to the work of life, my brethren and sischaracteristics. Spiritually minded peomy Hebrew class, and studied far into ters, today and tomorrow, we may look

ple have always lived. The sublime the night. Up in the morning and out forward to the time when in the truest

faith in God as shown in the writings at nine o'clock, attended the school and sense the kingdoms of this world will of the Old Testament indicates that this translated with the morning class.... become the kingdoms of Christ, and he

life on earth is but a period of preparaAttended my studies as usual and made shall reign forever and ever as King of tion for the life hereafter. Maeterlinck, some advancement."kings, and Lord of lords.

the Belgian writer, tells us that when we "Every man who learns,"says Ralph That is the great ideal of the future become acquainted with ancient reWaldo Emerson, "must do so by laboriof the members of this Church, of the ligions, we find them complete in their ous reading."Such a man looks forward gospel of Jesus Christ, and that we may

broad outlines and divine principles, to an expanding knowledge. He becomes know it, I ask in the name of Jesus

and the farther back we go, the more a lover of books, and great books tell us Christ, our Redeemer. Amen.

perfect they are and the more closely related to the loftiest beliefs of our own times. Rudolph Steiner, a German

scholar, says that what we read in the

Vedas or Hindu scriptures gives us only ". a faint idea of the sublime doctrines of.. when mankind will listen"

the ancient teachers. It seems that the

more ancient the texts, the purer and more aweinspiring the doctrines which by Joseph L. Wirthlin

they reveal. PRESIDING BISHOP

Then we think of the Hebrew conception of immortality and how the prophresident McKay, my beloved ment in that period of time, there is no ets taught the word of God. Men were '; brethren and sisters; I sinquestion but what the Prophet Joseph

to find their relationship to the Creator cerely trust that the Lord may was being inspired by the Lord in buildwhich was an eternal tie here and here- 1 bless me in the endeavor to ing up the kingdom.

after. Community of conviction grew 1 express to you one or two From that time on, after the death of

up, and this conviction bound men into * thoughts that I have in conthe Prophet, it was necessary for the a brotherhood to serve God and to learn nection with my belief that we are in Church to leave Nauvoo and come and keep his commandments. The subthe Church of the Lord Jesus Christ into the tops of these mountains where

lime faith in God as shown in all the established through the Prophet Joseph we now exist. Brigham Young became

writings of the Old Testament shows Smith. the President, and during his period

that this life is but a period of preparaIn thinking of the Prophet Joseph there were approximately 150,000 memtion for the life hereafter. From the Smith, there comes to mind a great bers; in the time of President John

Psalms we have "The Lord is my statement made in the Doctrine and Taylor, approximately 200,000; in the

shepherd,"and then in the book of Covenants, section four, wherein the time of President Wilford Woodruff,

Job we have Job uttering these divine Lord said this to the Prophet: approximately 250,000; in the days of

words: President Lorenzo approximately Snow,

behold, a marvelous about work is Now in the days 278,645; of President Joseph of come the children men. forth among

liveth, redeemer F. For I know Smith, approximately that my in the 495,960; and to(vs. 1.)

at the latter day upon shall stand he that days of President apHeber J. Grant,

earth: the of proximately in 979,454; days the and in to the given Prophet was That

deafter skin worms though my And President Albert George Smith, aporgan- the 1829. 1830, was Church In

shall I flesh yet in this body, stroy my proximately 1,111,314 members. Today, six see ized but members. The with 19:2526.) (Job God. of President in the day O. David at life lost in his 1844, which Prophet

there in are McKay, approximately, in apthe there were time Church folKirtland of and early days the In 1954, 1,302,240. fortyfive forty to thousand proximately

of the organization Quorum the lowing us, to as the Lord proves again This I to indication me, and an members, Prophthe Seventies, the of Twelve and the Prophet Joseph, said through "Now to that you, the sure Lord when am organized and et Hebrew Smith Joseph is to about a work behold, marvelous behold, said Prophet, to the a "Now had classes in the temple which Greek of children the men."forth is among forth come to about work marvelous come keepin finished. This was just been accepted of children have the of men children And the among men men"—the education of ideals which the ing with are this it until day, and that day from of great revelation acthat heard who of beginning very at the prophet the had it is it to as taught being it, them accepting I result, said, as the cepted and was prayer dedicatory the history. In our others are missionaries and who by forty there were that between and these have Kirtland Temple, of the we gospel of the to the Lord bringing them fortyfive thousand were members whowords: Christ. lost Jesus the of the Prophet Church when

his life. I think of the great work of Presianother one teach diligently and ye Seek In 1952, Presi- O. dent McKay. David It is to inspiring most to know me of the seek out yea, ye of wisdom;words nations. In visited eleven dent McKay for in existence that the Church was learning seek of wisdom, books best words

sites selected President 1953, McKay died, years the Prophet when faith. also study by (D and & C fourteeneven by

109:7.) and when you think of the accomplish- (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1955 929 "The glory of God is intelligence,..."Joseph L Wirthlin Continued (Ibid., 93:36) which intelligence we can

use in our lives from day to day. Surely

us. of unto the glory becomes God efforts results in itfor of which, the of through of our two new temples—one I feel as did the In my testimonycourse, already building and been prepared has kingdom making and up the

dedicated, you know, in faroff Switzerit strong, so strong that the world will apostle of old, when Paul said:

areland, accept the great truths is to be as they another soon beone and of gospel of the not ashamed For I am addition,built Britain. In in forwarded in ing our misGreat through to them is it for unto Christ: the power of God

1954, President David O. McKay covsionaries, and as has been done through salvation to every one that believeth....

ered 50,000 air miles, visiting eight naour President in the last two or three (Rom. 1:16.)

tions in Europe, South Africa, and South years.

America. In 1955, President McKay I accept what the Lord said through I would make one addition, and I

visited seven nations in the South the Prophet to us, in speaking about might say, I am not ashamed of the

Pacific, including Hawaii, Samoa, Auswhat we should do, and what our attigospel of Jesus Christ, for it is the tralia, and New Zealand, and at the tude should be: power of God unto salvation revealed

same time selected a site for a temple to us and given to us through the in New Zealand; all of which again is And faith, hope, charity and love, with Prophet Joseph and every one of the

single an eye of fact that did theevidence the Lord to the glory of God, qualify Apostles has lived from that day who for the work. thatreveal to a him the Prophet until this time. Joseph

Igreat and a marvelous grateful testimony for the work was about have am to be taught of and sent forth Jesus this the Lord men. Then he went on to say: thatI among is the Church

In 1893, President Woodruff made Remember faith, virtue, knowledge, temChrist. I am grateful for the testimony

this statement as he dedicated the Salt perance, patience, brotherly kindness,, godlithat I know that Joseph Smith was a

Lake Temple, "That from this time on, ness, charity, humility, diligence. Prophet of God, and every President

the power of the evil one would be Ask, and ye shall receive; knock, and it of the Church has been a prophet of

gratethatbroken the and have been an apostle. enemy would I am shall be opened unto you. Amen. (Ibid., God—has

Saints."true 4:5-7.) the services over of the opportunity ful for theless power How

that is! When we go back into the histhat are rendered through the power

tory of this great Church, from 1893 There is no question in my mind that of the priesthood, for with our priestuntil now, we find that the power of when an individual who, in his heart, hood, brethren and sisters, we have the evil one has become weak; and desires to serve God and live the gosmany responsibilities and many opportherefore, it has been possible to go out pel of the Lord Jesus Christ and prays tunities to help build up the kingdom.

and preach the gospel in the world. to the Lord, he will receive the bless- I leave you my humble testimony that

When you stop to think, the Prophet ings of the Lord according to what his this is the Church of the Lord Jesus

Joseph lost his life through the power needs are. I think of the words of the Christ, that Joseph Smith was indeed a

this: too, Lord, wherein he saidof Satan; Saints of the driven and were "The Prophet God. There is no question

..."(Ibid., is intelligence, of God is to this of gloryfrom country about it: because This of God. the work Nauvoo

the power of the evil one; and from 93:36.) May we do all within our power to

that time until 1893, there was difficulty What a marvelous opportunity we all continue to build it up, and therein and suffering for our people; neverthehave in this great Church where the enjoy all of the blessings that the Lord

less, as the Lord said to the Prophet apostles of the Lord Jesus Christ teach will give us as we go forward in his

Joseph, "Now behold, a marvelous work us the gospel! Therein we do receive behalf, I humbly ask, in the name of

is about to come forth among the chilthe knowledge of the glory of God. Jesus. Amen.

dren of men."—and the children of

men have accepted the same, even though the Prophet was murdered; and

the Church has grown and exists to the point now to where we have, as I said, Saturday Morning, October 1, 1955 over 1,302,000 members.

It is marvelous to know that in this day and age we have more missionbefore, ever the than world aries out in of the gospel Lord thepreaching Jesus "What Shall I Do

Christ. There will be more, and the

time will come when mankind will listen to what the Prophet said in theestablishment of the Church of the Lord With JESUSr

Jesus Christ.

I also, brethren and sisters, would by Sterling W. Sill

like to say this, that each and every ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE one of us has great responsibilities because we belong to the Church of the

Lord Jesus Christ, and the Lord said 'wen has been said at this relying upon the sense of fairness of this through the Prophet Joseph to us: 1 conference about the life the Jews that certainly they would not

to of this of the Master. release consent the notorious mission and Wim servin the that embark ye Therefore, O I I criminal tnat innocent and punish what an man, may Pray all serve with WMfmm that of see ye ice him God,

shall detract will I release not from unto "Whom %m say that heart, might, and strength,your mind --'already is called that has or Jesus which which at the before blameless stand you—BarabbasPilate said,ye God may

last day. been said. Christ?"(See Matt. 27:21.) And Pilate

Therefore, if ye have desires to serve After that long awful night of bemust have been startled to hear them

God ye are called to the work; trayal and trial, Jesus was brought besay, "Barabbas."

For behold the field is white already to fore Pilate. Pilate believed that Jesus He said, "Then what shall I do with

lo, in his thrusteth he that harvest; and of replied, the Jesus?"innocent "Let and any made wrong was Jews him And

layeth the his sickle might, up same with life I his try said, Pilate to save "Shall be crucified."attempt and a weak bringeth not, perisheth but that he in store of of crucify his king?"advantage taking one they said, your And by "We 4:2-4.) soul; (Ibid., his to salvation

privileges as Roman governor to release have no king but Caesar."

Actually, if we have the faith in our a prisoner to the Jews at the time of Then Pilate took water and washed hearts that this is the work of the Lord the Passover. Pilate had in his custody his hands before the multitude, saying,

Jesus Christ and desire to serve the Lord, a noted insurrectionist and murderer "... I am innocent of the blood of this

we can only do it through the work by the name of Barabbas, and probably just man: see ye to it."And the Jews

930 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA said, "... His blood be upon us and when they put to death the Savior of could not possibly be the loser by the

on our children. Then Barabbas was the world. Pilate didn't know that mistake. But how irreparable is his

released and Jesus was delivered to be this young peasant carpenter standing loss who should err in supposing the crucified."(See Matt. 27:2426.) before him was in very deed the great revelations of God to be false. There

We might safely assume that both Jehovah who had created the earth. are many people who try to dispose of

Pilate and the Jews felt that they had But we might ask ourselves this questhis question, "What shall I do with permanently settled any question which tion. Why didn't they know? There Jesus?"by saying that he was merely

may have arisen in connection with is probably only one answer: They a great teacher. This is certainly a poor

the life of Christ—Pilate by merely lacked the honest effort, earnest insubstitute for knowing the truth. It

washing his hands, and the Jews by quiry, and humble prayer necessary to is also pretty dangerous, for as has putting to death the very Son of God. find the truth. But in large measure, been said:

But there is a peculiar relationship we make exactly the same mistakes.

which exists between the life of Jesus When we absent ourselves from sacraSuppose there is a Christ, but that I should

Christ and every other soul born into ment meeting, we don't really underbe Christless;

is I there cleansing, but that a are doing.the world. In great that period of our stand what we we Suppose When unclean; should remain fail topreexistence, tithing pay our appointed Jesus was and or when we are is love, there Father's a Suppose Heavenly

ordained to be the Savior of the world married "until death do us part,"we but that I should remain an alien;

and the Redeemer of men, and there know not what we do. It is our ignoSuppose there is a heaven, but that I should

is no other name given by which man rance as well as our sins that stands bebe cast down to hell.

can be saved. What Pilate and the tween us and our salvation.

Jews did to Jesus did not alter that reIf the Jews suffered so great a penalty It has been said that "Man's greatest lationship in the slightest degree, either for their sins committed largely in igunkindness to man is not to hate him for them or for us. For Jesus also bore norance, what about us? We have all but to be indifferent to him.""He who

our sins, and we are therefore party to of the information that the Jews had, is indifferent to his friend is unkind to his suffering and his atonement. but in addition we have the judgment his friend. But he who is indifferent

In our lives we are forced to make of time shining upon the life of Christ. to his Savior is unmerciful unto himmany decisions. By our answers to We have the testimony of the apostles self."

life's questions, we determine our own bearing witness to his divinity and sealOur third alternative to this question destiny. James Russell Lowell wrote ing their testimony with their blood. of "What shall I do with Jesus?"is

some significant lines entitled, "The But in addition, a great flood of new that we may accept him. We may acPresent Crisis."He says knowledge has come into the world. In cept him eagerly and enthusiastically.

fill early of spring the his our 1820, the minds with word, may God Father We to everyOnce nation and man his lives and consecrate Jesus his service. to our Son Christ and reappeared

to a decideComes moment the to his earth reestablish this upon counsel have queson own among We strifeIn the of truth falsehood and

For the good or evil side. men a belief in God. Besides this, we tion. In our own day he has said,

have been given three great volumes of

Some great cause, God's new Messiah new scripture outlining and explaining O ye that embark in the service of God,

Offering each the bloom or blight in every detail the simple principles see that ye serve him with all your heart, strength,Parts goats the that mind and the upon ye may left hand of the gospel. it might, lose our way, If we

stand blameless before the right. sheep day. the last the uponAnd God at will be by choice not and our own be- 4:2.) (D & C can't cause truth, the except, we know the choice goes foreverAnd on

if like the fail'Twixt to Jews, the sufficiently light. we be darkness the and complimented been by of us has Each thoughtful diligent, and thereby exposearth live to the reserved being upon ing to ourselves question to greatest be risk the the Certainly of "ignorantly"all dispensations. of greatest this in We liferejecting his during our personaldecided any Savior by with man and tide of live flood wonders a great when

is Pilate, our for chances him suggested the eternal exaltation. onetime by has accomplishment knowledge and and

I shall this with Jesus?"of do alternative The second ques-"What The foreworld. in released the been Our

Jews made their decision. They said, tion, "What shall I do with Jesus?"is fathers lived on a flat, stationary earth

chilus our try blood"His neutral, to and that be on upon bebe and we may their with ground plowed wooden and it so it so been. has lievedren,"neither other. and thing the one And nor live of sticks. earth But an on we

is, is question because us the with for be impossible, either Thatmay God jet steering propulsion. and power Noah

stillis us, before answer is not. each and must middle There is no or God for years the gospel preached and many

for himself. ground. It is all or nothing. We failed to bring conversion to a single

reeither accept or design him by we his family. outside person Even own still. is trial standing JesusFor on ject default. For by him when we of in less Jesus, the dispensation than will. false to be if you himYou may fail to decide a question one way, we before years passed hundred one had or ill. serve through good himOr you may it automatically other decide the way. all to apostles death been the put had Jesus? will with you doWhat

is, fail to get to decide That when we its into the well world and on was way

You may evade him as Pilate tried on the train, we automatically decide darkness of complete apostasy.

betide. whate'er serve off train. to stay you him theOr may field live in "the time a But we when

you'll struggle hide fromVainly him to is there of people Yet a group harvest."who is to already white We have will Jesus? with you doWhat insist trying to maintain on this damagof stake missionaries examples have who

What will you do with Jesus? ing neutrality. It isn't merely that they brought conversion into the lives of

Neutral you cannot be, don't believe; their skepticism goes five or ten or twenty human souls in

And someday your soul may be asking deeper. They don't give it a thought a single year, and as Samuel Walter

What will he do with me? one way or the other. There is one Foss cried, "Give me men to match

serious thing merely more than so is crying mountains,"the Church to "not my for solving best of the methods One believe,"that is care."to "not and the great opportunito match for men is carefully each to weigha problem

of the alternatives. In this case there It has been said that there is one ties of the present day.

seem to be three. The first is that we folly greater than that of the fool who In 1932 Walter Pitkin wrote a book

may follow the example of the Jews says in his heart there is no God, and entitled Life Begins at Forty. But life

and reject him and thereby, as Paul that is the folly of him who says he begins every morning. Life begins

says, we crucify unto ourselves the Son doesn't know whether there is a God when we begin, and our real progress of God afresh. Such a course is unor not. Thereby he is guilty of unbegins when we accept God's answer to

thinkable. But much of what the Jews belief rather than disbelief, and unbelief that greatest question of our lives,

did, they did in ignorance. Upon the is usually a confession that one has not "What shall we do with Jesus?"

cross Jesus said, "... Father, forgive made sufficient honest inquiry necesMay our Heavenly Father inspire us

them; for they know not what they sary to find the truth. to get the right answer before it is too

do."(Luke 23:34.) The Jews didn't If a man should err in believing the late, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

really understand what they were doing gospel of Jesus Christ to be true, he Amen.

DECEMBER 1955 931 ions in the service from branch to branch, bearing witness of the truth, stimulating the saints, and doing the work that needs to be done. Almost

everywhere we have gone—San Antonio, Los Angeles, Washington, D. C,

and elsewhere—we have found the same

dedication and the same basic loyalty to NEED FOR REVELATION the Lord.

Now to you wonderful young people who are here behind me, and to all by Marion D. Hanks others, may I say that there are those

who would seek to make a "deal"with

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY you, in the vernacular of our day, who would invite you to trade your faith, your selfrespect, your loyalty to the

Lord, for some of the enticements of humbly pray for direction of a twentyyear-old boy who died with this day—for education or wealth, for

and inspiration in these few the thought in his mind that the predicasocial preference, for political promimoments. It seems to me that ment mankind had worked themselves nence or business success, for accepta-

I am almost under compulsion into was one which only divine help bility at school, for improper indulgence, to abandon that which I might solve. He cried for new revelafor any of the others of the enticements

might have said, and in view tion, for a voice from on high, for a which allure.

of this warm and heartwarming sermon voice of spiritual authority. I wondered May I say to you that there is nothing

by President Joseph Fielding Smith and when I first read it which of those whom in this world worth having which you in view of the presence here of this I knew and loved and lost had answered need to give up to be a good Latterdaymagnificent group of young people, add his cry—whether it be Marsden or Elwin Saint. If wealth or education, social

my testimony and an expression of my or Ray or Chick or David or one of preference or political prominence, toconviction has that one said. many wonder which been which has in your power these are others—I profession—if as surely has, told him, one of them I is want, what wonderyou and a beautiful and my testimony, Memory

ful thing. As President Smith named that the voice of spiritual authority has get it traveling through the Church

this morning the places he had been been and is being heard in our very among the wonderful people of this and some of the events of his missionday. The voice from on high has spoken faith, is that you may be anything you

ary adventures, my heart responded as to man, a voice which has proclaimed want to be worth being, and a believing, live, in that truth that does Jesus God faithful Latterday Saint. the to enuof have yours mustmany

is in truth his divinely Begotten Son of to familiar of places manymeration said: writer "People a There was who live, lived to teach us to who and how different very circumstances underus religion to off their edutake be who is us; to died save that a there plan him. motivated the mission whichfrom are socially accepted or or cated wealthy himself has which available God made island specifically of heI one thought off to his like boots took the who man to his children, beloved to obedience well visit be might but whichdid not briarpatch."in a walk will bring the which us blessings which mission, a of subject such the daysome

as his children exwe might naturally If Spirit ever the need you of God, gave their boys American 5300where pect are to obedient if we his will, and if to faith loyalty ever and need you theylives in that the cause order which represented might be successful. which will ultimately exalt us in that his way, it is while you are educated

It was of one of those boys that I condition of beauty and glory which (and the Church encourages you to bethought this morning, and as President will allow us eternally to work, to grow, come so); it is while you have wealth

learn, it to love, to live with him who to seek you if come you (which may I tried spoke, and to to rememberSmith

Father. is our; it is use it wisely) honestly while and few words awrite I once memodown

rized which came from the pen of one of As I have traveled through this you are politically prominent or socially the American boys who died in the Church, I have been blessed on many accepted; it is while, in your school acbattle of Iwo Jima. occasions with experiences like those of tivities and achievements, you find occaThis twentyyear-old, (and I know President Smith, as have all of these sions for leadership.

nothing of him save that), was one of other brethren. This morning the name I think, as I conclude, of a wonderof Biloxi, Mississippi, read as was notebook tencent a ful the In a little 5300. only Latteryoungthe

recently in the organized New of his ward the day 1945, university in a Saint man—perhapsin a leading day 18 Februarydated

Stake. of Orleans In Biloxi, few some will his last great wrote southern the hegreat was state—who will there a stands magnifiknow, you incisive short and president of the of editor body, studentand testament—aadventure, cent at erected chapel of the cost about written about have Review, of the one outstandingthing. Law He might

many different subjects. After all, he $75,000, and that chapel was almost young men of the nation. His studies

was only twenty. He was on an island one hundred percent built and paid for had perhaps been interfered with a little

he had never heard of, I suppose, beby dedicated Latterday Saint serviceby having to go from dormitory to fore war took him there. I assume he men. I had the blessing of dedicating dormitory in answer to requests to talk

might have had in his heart some rethe building, and afterwards talked with about the Church and the gospel, but sistance to what awaited him. He might a humble young fellow. I asked him he had done it consistently, had lived

have been thinking about home and what he was doing and how he was enhis religion loyally, and had been an loved ones; but what he wrote seems to joying the service, and he said, "I do intelligent and faithful representative

not service I enjoy the so but much, of These inspired the of God. Church. to have beenme

service enjoying in the Church."am I and them, as remember the wordsare

I of ago think a few weeks in Logan told that a stake he was He misme right. areI think they

fine a testimony young when man bore sionary.

revelation. is for time the new "This in to before conference returning our

I said, success?"any you had "Have religion about don't think muchPeople is College, serving he where he bapColumbia have "Oh, some,""We voice from a on need butnowadays, we of as president student great that body

this tized eight companion I don't maybe. brother, said.year—my mean andhigh, school. said offered been he a had He other good and have some we ability of got out thing has human I—andThis finscholarship graduate he was when

possibilities."fanatic, but religious run. I'm noto still ished, availand hoped it would be

we are in a situation where something As we moved to Pensacola, we found able after he had served a mission.

better than human brains has got to a young navy officer active as one of There are many, many similar cases give us advice."the district presidency, traveling with throughout the Church. No Latterday

This was the last will and testament two of his wonderful young companSaint young person needs to sacrifice 932 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA anything important to be a real mem- I bear testimony that God lives, and ets, had they been duly regarded and ber of the Church. Remember that that this is his work, and if I know respected, would have transformed the

there are many wonderful people, old anything in the world it is that obediworld, and evil forces operative in puband young—like the boy on Iwo—who ence to his law brings happiness, and lic and private life, now and in the past,desperately seek what you have, or may the opposite—disobedience—brings unwould have been far less powerful.

have if you desire it and seek it and happiness, of which I testify in the name We believe in prophets. We believe

live for it. of Jesus Christ. Amen. the only safe course for us is to follow

the admonition of the prophets. Said

Jesus:

Wherefore, behold, I send unto you prophets, and wise men, and scribes: and

some of them ye shall kill and crucify; and

"Believest Thou synagogues,some of themand shallpersecuteye scourgethem fromin yourcity to city. (Matt. 23:34.)

righteous all the come you may the Prophets?"uponAnd then his concluding words: "That

..."{Ibid., the earth, blood shed upon

v. 35.) The deniers of God's servants

by Alma Sonne were to answer for their repudiation of the prophets. Had the Jews believed

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE John the Baptist and heeded his admonitions, many people (more than did),

Christ. believed the Jesus have on would

Brighter I are eyes blind SISTERS, ones us than on g[Y we AND BRETHREN rejected they maligned But and him know; for very the happy am like his prison, in put him. was He will greet voices deaf Tenderer us than we privilege of standing befinally to predecessors, death, put and own; for fore a you moment, his entirely destroy not they could but never But walking heav'nward walk can we to gratitude express my his influence nor alone. commemory. The

for fine the things we people, the lowly, the and meek mon thishave heard at seen general < and it dislike guidance, seems Those listened. his acheard who words and They

conference of the Church. This mornto me, lack in humility. Jesus believed cepted his divine calling and followed

ing at 7:30 in the Assembly Hall we in guidance. I read a verse from the him. But the magistrates and the

held a welfare meeting. We heard Gospels; rulers, the high and the mighty, the

cattle, cattle,something beef about and religionists, professional were not among dairy cattle, to farms, and how manage... when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, the multitude which followed himespecially to the will welfare all farms. truth: shall guide This for into inhe he you the River Jordan, but came, Jesus and

of himself; not speak butstruction whatsoever given experts the was from by this prophet, great baptized he Jesus by was shall shall hear, will speak: that he he and State Agricultural College.Utah When all greatest of the said prophets, the to things shew come. 16:13.) you (Johnthey their given had talks, President Jesus, of born 7:28.) (See Luke women.

Clark observations. Presisome made prophets dreamers, These were will the guide words "he you Markdent Clark, you is a know, farmer may they visionary were not were... all into will truth and he you shew men—theynot in a his cattlemanand own right—if practical the present men. They saw all things to leaders the come."Of who for qualifyhe distinction, can that by future the of to and needs the people lived earth, the have Jesus, only upon or threeworking two hours Saturday on sent. they were whom like Lord, a the could promise makeafternoon his farm. greatly on were We for inPresident Young, Brigham that. are These imtremendously wordsedified.

great stance, a prophet and more was to portant reassuring, especially and

It reminded me of the funeral servthose who are striving for a better life. than a prophet. He was called to a

ice which was held up in the Bear Lake Christ's plan of salvation came to great responsibility. It was not unlike

country for Brother Hyrum Nebeker, light gradually through holy prophets. that which fell upon Moses, the lawalso a cattleman. Prior to his death he Back of them is Jesus Christ, the light giver of Israel, during the years of

had selected the hymns he wanted sung of the world, and the greatest of all the exodus from Egypt. Both of them were

at the service. Among them was the prophets. His gospel is the beacon light. deeply concerned with the spiritual and

frequentsingwell-known we hymn their people. of welfare temporal voice is the prophets voice of the

Thee,ly, "We Thank magnificent over back the O soGod, Looking past, present, to for a Theof generations and God everyalso that requestedProphet."He of achievements and Brigham Young as they future. prophets These came

one in the gathering join in singing this were needed. They were chosen before those who followed, we can picture the

hymn, not only the choir, but those also they were born. Their messages were tragic exodus of covered wagons and

who sat on the front seats, and the enalways vital, important, and timely. handcart companies. Every day was a

tire congregation. Seldom does one hear Their testimonies were strong and ferchallenge, and every night a hazard, full

a song sung with more feeling than was vent. They called people to repentance. of danger and uncertainty. But the

done on this occasion. Everyone sang, They rebuked sin in high places. Their sturdy and unconquerable pioneers, unand all seemed to feel the spirit and the mission was to purify and regenerate the der their prophet, never faltered; they

significance of this great hymn. human family and to turn the hearts pressed forward to their destination. On

I thought of the statement made by of men to God, who is the Creator, the their arrival, they beheld a barren someone who said, "Tell me the ballads Ruler, and the Giver of life. These wasteland, covered with sagebrush and

a people sing, and I will tell you their living oracles seldom argued. They anpossessed by the savage Indians. What

character."I hope the Latterday Saints nounced and interpreted God's will and did this modern prophet do? He made

will be judged by the songs they sing on made no compromise whatever with friends with the Indians. He cultivated

occasions like this. This hymn, in parworldly standards and patterns, howthe soil, and he irrigated the fields.

ticular, suggested guidance, prophetic ever glowing and colorful they might Prophets came as they were needed.

guidance. Guidance is a beautiful word, appear. May we, you and I, heed the prophets

it is a meaningful word. We all need You will realize the significance of who live today. May we be guided by

to be guided and directed and inspired Paul's question put to Agrippa and the their inspiring instruction, and may we in our work and in our responsibilities. others: "Believest thou the prophets?"undertake with them to build up God's

I recall a poem I learned as a boy; Paul believed the prophets. He quoted kingdom upon the earth, and eventually

their words to justify and substantiate be worthy of an exaltation in that kingHand in hand with angels through the his claims. I am convinced that the dom, I pray, in the name of Jesus Christ.

world we go; warnings and admonitions of the prophAmen.

DECEMBER 1955 933 leaving for the hospital for surgery.

He was so calm and so wonderful, and so was she. The Fruits When they bade each other goodnight, I thought how unusual. What

other! confidence they have What of Faith faitheachin thethose two young people have in Lord! take But it did not me

long to find out what was behind it.

by Thorpe B. Isaacson As we were riding along, I asked, "Will

OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC your wife get to see you while you are in the hospital?"And he said, "Oh no.

It is too far away, and she hasn't a car.""Is she here post the alone?"on

this, spirit President to res witness "His bore McKay, i dent 3 my "Yes. folks aren't here, Her and my

I spirit, Clark, Richards, President believed."morning and That my folks aren't here, but have each we

; sisters, it if beloved Spirit brethren as in the of the and temple was other."said, he the have Then "We

I feel friends: J the very to President Lord speaking the and humwas she'll Lord, get all so right, along and

; in ble before of standing of the Lord, prophet you the Church and I'll I'll fine. just be in be a few home

after this spirits, Spirit his to bore witness morning, a and and our days."

of fastinggreat deal believed. worrying and and and we faith! said, he Then What "While

praying, bless will are the thinking parhelp I cannot me. I hope Lord you we've here, out been we've wonhad

I interest for grateful shall Spirit in of this that in taking be conan same derful experiences that so mean much it ference, faith prayers.your carried into has because and over to us."this he experigave Then me

I like to so beautifully, the conference wife thank would and now we my it. I as as ence near repeat can

it I all is felt this Spirit. did that morning, havebecause not that do What going were They a to have baby, new

is It offer Spirit? Spirit to of she a the kind our was enoughwhen Heavenly his all wife at and well. not was She

Father, in behalf. beautifulvery prayer to enjoy and we are privileged my had not well been for months. The

it, Spirit too touched then to do through but I thatI was the gift and the doctor worried was about her, and would not feel right if I did not do it power of the Holy Ghost, for which I was he. There they were alone, exceptso

all sure of thenow. members Church am for the wonderful that buddies were

"are grateful. very thoughts, or prepared I had one two around but them, parents no on either

it so privilegebut they beautifully ago Sometime have been was my to side there were with them. were They

visit of feel thetreated that one already not I could a large camps, I do army far from home.

of post thepossibly of anything government add where to them. I was many this doctor called the young day One

I Latterday our Saint togoing experience are stationed. boys back again an office, his to his wife and and man of of for Hill are stationed the there them Calvary, mentioned Manyhad on I tell to said, "I that think ought you

entire the time in President so beautifully army. yestheir Clark Becauseby wife, worried about your and am very

for they are stationedterday, there Brother Sill today, such and Brother tell a long II think I should you that even your

Sonne just now. I shall not say more time, many of them are privileged to wife's life is in danger as well as that

on that. So I shall entirely rely on the bring their wives and children to live of the baby."

at post. theSpirit of the to today, guide Lord me that quite a hard be would Now, I I their attendedin say. servmight evening Sunday what

for take. a to thing couple young The ice, I is It to and see entered hall, in that the good chapel audiwhen many

said, doctor in days. three back "Come it filled It to capacity. in stakes wasence as a thrill meet we was we whom

I to specialist going have another am all see to those to Latterday in stake each Saint conyou boyscome Sunday

I I his help. here because not need am in dressed theirferences. military to uniforms, times come Many you and we

I line, specialist in that a but know in the totalas strangers, after main their accompanied but have by wonwe right."are things a not had made He derful wives, for in ofbeen days, with couple a instances, you and we many

tests, lot of X-rays. examinations, and if theirfeel babies. as forever. have new we known you

in to three days So asked he them come I leave,After all of parents the even boys though those have we wish we back.held tired are meetings in could that and looked have many on them

physically, we are uplifted in our spirits night and listened to some of them That young couple went home that and our faith because of your great despeak. The brotherhood that existed in night, and I believe as nearly every

votion to the gospel of Jesus Christ and that group is not often found in the young couple would do in this Church, to the responsibilities to which you have world. Those men loved one another. they fasted, and they prayed nearly all

been called. They were living with each other and night, pleading with the Lord to bless

that that she well be and would of her for other. praying grateful thoughtfuleach are for your I saw many We

little they their could baby. have Next in courtesy the for that audience young whose your kindnessness and men and

to us. We are grateful to you for your fathers I know. I saw some of the young day he went to his assignment. He

encouragement. I cannot help expressmarried women with their babies whose came home the second night, and they

ing deep affection and appreciation for parents I know. You would have been followed that same procedure, praying

the stake presidents of this Church and very proud of them. They told me that into the night with little sleep. The

for the ward bishoprics, for we see your there was seldom a time when any of third day he went to his assignment, great devotion. You so frequently put our Latterday Saint boys ever missed and he came home again. They folaside your own personal interests bethis Sunday service. President Joseph lowed that same procedure, and the

cause of your responsibilities in the Fielding Smith just now told us that three days were up. They should meet

Church, and particularly among the our servicemen are doing a great work with the two doctors the next day.

young people of the Church. for their country and for their Church. The following morning when the sun

I wish you could have all been at the Of this I am confident. came up and his wife awoke, she said

meeting in the temple Thursday mornAfter that wonderful meeting where to her wonderful sweetheart, "I feel ing where the General Authorities were we were all spiritually uplifted, a young much better,"and as he looked at her, invited and privileged to meet with man came up to me with his wife, he said, "I am* sure you are better."

the First Presidency. When President and I recognized her. I knew her parents Her eyes were bright, and there was a

McKay was speaking to us and sharing well. He asked, "May I ride with you little color in her cheeks, but they went

with us his experiences recently in Euinto a certain city where tomorrow off to see the doctors. When they

rope, I could not help thinking of a morning I must go to the hospital? I walked in, the first doctor said to her,

passage or statement that Brigham have an appointment to be there by "Well, you look so much better today,"

Young once made when he was referring eight o'clock."We told him that he and she said, "I feel much better."

to the humble man who converted him could ride with us. I watched him bid Then the new doctor and the first

to the Church. He said something like goodnight to his wife and baby before doctor went over the charts and the

934 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA history of the case. The second doctor mony, testifying to the power of the And they answered, "The son of David"

was just as alarmed after he studied priesthood; and his witness and his (Matt. 22:42)—referring of course to his

the charts and the X-rays. Other X-rays testimony was wonderful for a young Israelitish lineage.

were taken, and the two doctors took man. I am sure that such testimonies In all likelihood the Master was trythe X-rays and developed them and are shared by thousands and hundreds ing to call them back to what John,

went into the other room, and they of thousands of Latterday Saints. What the forerunner of the Master, had

couldn't believe their eyes. X-rays do would that young man and his wife taught when he had impressed the vital

not lie. They are factual. They put have done if they had not had that importance of this essential knowledge

these X-rays down by the side of each faith? What would they have done in his declaration.

other, and the first doctor was asif they couldn't go to the Lord?

everhath that believeth the Son on He said, doctor the secondtounded, and all I So, young with plead would life: the believeth that lasting not he and are these sure X-rays the"Are you same carethat couples be should married you of life; see shall the but wrath not Son said, yes,"he before?"tookyou "Oh ful so in that notheverything do you 3:36.) him. abideth on (John God

I I are have. only the ones"they am to the prevent going will ing from you

sure they are the same X-rays."Lord when you are faced with similar During his ministry there had been

They went back out to the office and problems, and you will be faced with others not possessed of faith who had told this young man and his wife that them. Perhaps not the exact one of declared themselves about the Master.

they could go home, that there was this young couple, but many similar. In his home country of Nazareth they

nothing for them to worry about, that You will need the blessings of the Lord had said in derision:

everything would be all right. The new just as that wonderful young couple

second doctor went away, assuring the needed them. Is not this the carpenter's son? is not

first brethren, called his condoctor not that be he and need mother Mary? I all that of us plead with would

Joses, Simon, and and and we hisJames, Judas?cerned. couple very This young was affairs lives our adjust our and and

... in offended were they him. And the answered Lord and hadhappy knew living so our that the time comes when

prayers.their

blessings of Lord, that the the need we replied: sadly Master The testified to that, young This man me to will that can go he and him know we

doctors, course,of in those the not being is in save not prophet without honour A petitions. us grant our and hear

the could not understandChurch, power of the priesthood. not They could un- I bear testimony to you that I know his(Matthewown country,13:55, 57.)and in his own house.

derstand our faith and the prayers and that God lives. Yes, his Spirit has

the fasting of these young people. "That borne witness to my spirit, and I beOn another occasion they said of him

night when we went home,"the young lieve, and I know, and I know Jesus in scorn:

of Savior the Son was and said, of spent night that most "we God—ourman

drinkeating and of came Son man The love our Redeemer. should him his We for blessings thethanking Lord and gluttonous, a say, Behold they man and for sins mission that the the and he ing, for the perthat miracle been had of publicans and friend a a winebibber, and live took himself that might upon we in orformed, three and weeks two we... 11:19.) (Ibid.,.sinners.

gift greatest to probably God's man. toour her baby.had saw You new

night—a beautiful, healthy, lovely God bless you, I pray in the name of In Jerusalem the scribes which came

baby."Then he bore a strong testiJesus Christ. Amen. down said,

He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils. (Mark

3:22.)

In contrast to these unsavory epithets, "Be Guided his faithful followers such as Peter, the chiefest of the apostles declared: "Thou

art the Christ, the Son of the living

God."(Matt 16:16)—and from his by the Light Within''faithful Martha, "Yea Lord: I believe

that thou art Christ, the Son of God, which should come into the world."

by Harold B. Lee (John 11:27.) And from another of

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE his disciples after he had seen and handled the Risen Lord, Thomas im- -he excellent remarks of Elder applause of those who had heard his, pressed his testimony with these simple

Sterling W. Sill this mornas judged by the world's standards, words: "My Lord and my God!"(Ibid.,

ing have recalled a story I masterful address. 20:28.) The measure of difference beheard repeated in a very imBut the applause was interrupted by tween those two groups of individuals

think query, the answered "What at who pressive talk student given a was which Japanese was studying who the Christ?"22:42) (Matt. was ye of 1 - -* recently assigned University. the stood where I was up in the He

to dedicate a new chapel. Our attengallery and asked, "But Mr. Balfour, quality of which the Master had spoken

tion was called to the name on the what about Jesus Christ?"There was a of in his great Sermon on the Mount:

front of the building—The Church of hushed silence as the presiding officer "Blessed are the pure in heart: for they

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. This arose to conclude the meeting. They shall see God."(Ibid., 5:8.)

is the story that was to impress our had heard a stern rebuke thus voiced Our responsibility as members of the responsibility to Him in whose name by one of a pagan nation to the repreChurch of Jesus Christ to declare the we were then in meeting. sentative of one of the greatest socalled mission of the Savior was impressed

It was in 1909 at the University of Christian nations on the face of the upon us recently in a council meeting

Edinburgh. Lord Balfour, then the earth, for in his address Mr. Balfour when President David O. McKay made

Prime Minister of England, was dehad omitted the greatest and most this significant statement:

livering an address on the subject of fundamental of all essential bonds is Christ, of the Jesus This and Church unite the of the nations nations. unite values moral would which He which

it is to to preach obligation world the our earth. spoke of the knowledge and common

is of the our he Redeemer Son God, of essentiality of that that resources knowledge the commercial which The common teacher, just great a our Savior—not and

nations had to unite them, their social the Savior and his divine mission was but in reality the Son of our Father in intercourse made possible through dipimpressed by the Master on one occaheaven, and the Redeemer of the world;

lomatic relationships, the bonds of husion when he said to the Pharisees who that he has broken the bands of death man friendships, and the improved had gathered around him, as they usualand has brought resurrection, that through methods of communication; and then ly did to try to embarrass or to entrap him, by obedience to the gospel, we will

closed his address amid the thunderous him, "What think ye of Christ?..."(Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1955 935 of him at all times, and in all things,

Harold B. lee Continued and in all places, wherever I would be,

even until death?"

gain eternal exaltation in his kingdom. is untold suffering. Even though one's Many times we have heard and sung

May the Lord give us power and increase position is maintained, even though material that hymn, our ability to represent him in the world. wealth increases, a success quickly turns to

failure when God has been forgotten. There That I might have seen his kind look

said, he when satisof personal peace mind, no is no Letter, In that Wentworth memorable little the me.""Let unto ones come of faction, experience inward personal nohistorically to the Church, important

I then. like to with should been him have all "trust thine the in with Lord To anjoy. thewhere Prophet Smith Joseph

is it is strength, of the heart"a and mark as to theswered query the Church what have said they have would Some success, to true happiness, path and only believed, was the statement: "We befulfilment. liked to live in the days of the Prophet

lieve in God, the Eternal Father, and Joseph so that they could have been in His Son, Jesus Christ, and in the I contrast the fearful Peter who, on his defenders. Heber C. Kimball wrote

Holy Ghost."the night of the betrayal, denied that this:

belief of our The symbolism and that the Savior, with our he had known will see of that Let say you many me isdeclaration to the world found after to be occasion, Peter on another who all trouble, the will the time have you when everywhere. As I saw the pictures of he had witnessed the appearances of the trial, and persecution you can stand, and

the Swiss Temple, I read the words Master, in jail, being readied for anplenty of opportunities to show that you above the entrance and again recalled other inquisition by his unjust captors. were true to God and his work. This

that on many of our other sacred strucHe was not surprised when an angel Church will have many close places through tures are those significant words: "Holitouched him and said, "Arise up quickwhich it will have to pass before the work

is victory. of meet with crowned To God toness the Lord."of out go ly,"fell you As the shackles him, from and and

it will difficulties are be that coming,this look Tabernacle, the west it the upon to the he door he went found when of for necessary to have a knowledge you of great the Salttowers Lake Temple, to open. court, the outer went and He this for of yourselves. truth the work The

just the underneath battlementsand to open; the then he it was went home difficulties this of of a will such be work

to see the dipper pointing the 7 ill you friends, his ofw surprised they were and or character does that a who man womanNorth Star—the symbolism, as exbecause from the time of his imprisonnot possess this personal knowledge will fall.

plained by Truman O. Angell, the ment they had been praying that the Remember these saying, for many of you

architect of the temple, in an article Lord by his matchless powers would will live to see them fulfilled. The time is

written in the Millennial Star for the undo the mischief that was now trying coming when no man or woman will be light. to will able endure borrowed Each on Saints,British suggesting that through nullify to great of this the work Church.

to the light be guided have within himby ofthe priesthood the lost Almighty afraid. God not Because was He Why? self. If will not not do have you it, you find their the way. As you go intomay Peter risen the of Lord. the knew power stand.

great Salt Lake Temple, you will see (See Acts 12.)

what the pioneers did to symbolize I am thinking now of two contrastAfter some of the persecutions and the every move they were to make through ing incidents. A dear friend received evidence of the power of evil over our

that sacred building. Even on almost one of those fateful messages: "We refirst missionaries in London, these misevery doorknob there has been cast in gret to inform you that your boy has sionaires returned to the Prophet to

the beauty of their artistry those same been killed in action."I went to his seek an answer as to why these experiwords, "Holiness to the Lord."By that home, and there I saw the shattered ences with evil spirits had come to

symbol every door in the temples of family, possessed of all the things that them. Had they done something wrong

stepour every indeed God, evil we the tried to overthus had position, could the that take in money buy—wealth, life, to is opened those go forward who replied, throw the them? Prophet And things that the call honworld would

in "Holiness to the Lord!"orable, but there they were with their "I rejoiced when I heard of your exThe dreariest prospect that can be hopes and dreams shattered around periences because I have passed through

imagined to those who have not only them, grasping for something that they similar experiences, and I want to say these symbols to constantly remind had not lived to obtain and from that this to you: the nearer a person apthem, but also the testimony of that time on, seemingly did not obtain. The proaches the Lord, a greater power will

humble boy who told of the coming comfort which they could have known be manifested by the adversary to preof the Father and the Son in very perwas not there. vent the accomplishment of his purposes."bore him, with to converse whoson scene that I wit- a I contrasted with

That worthies other and that came is what the Master meant whentestimony just Hospital in the nessed up LDS said: of their keys their powers,restored and of he six ago one now, about months when

prospects dreariestthe presidents faithful mission priesthood,—the dear was our revile shall ye, are Blessed when men this of have of those Church who in dying. extreme slowly those there was He shall you, say persecute you, and and given that knowledgetestimonies and joy his heart there a in pain, falsely, for was evil but of against you manner myall

Lord's in is the to found that bethem, sake. suffering that through he because knew

castigation of those who have been ofttimes men learn obedience, and the Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great

given a divine calling by a divine comright to kinship with him who suffered is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were before he disobeyed when had andmand all ever that of us can any said: beyond

5:1112.) you. (Matthew sinned are have not chosen"They who of the too, the power suffer. He, knew

are in that they sin grievous very a risen Lord. I of testimonies heard the have some

at noonday."in darkness thewalking

of like ourselves B. ask the should Brother and Today Brown men we Hugh "If ye added, he 95:6.) Then (D & C S. to the Brother in question, answer Master Brother Bennion, and what Adam love the not commandments,keep my in of think L. those day, Evans, Richard asked they were who, "What when shall with continue not Father of the

as of their called to to ask Christ?"places ye ought high have been we Wehis darkin shall therefore ye walkyou,

it of today, trials of think say subjected to of the the would power we "What (Ibid., ness."95:12.)

it little is evil. then Christ?"a in question There and more no make mind my

article, of caption the an Under I of ask, think personal that but Lord, they near the and were unto "What "What Makes Men Strong?"recently, Christ?"Do I think of him as the Reand the devil knew it and was trying

J. Edgar Hoover, the head of the deemer of my soul? Do I think of him to confuse them and if possible destroy

Federal Bureau of Investigation, made with no doubt in my mind as the one them.

this significant statement: who appeared to the Prophet Joseph You and I stand in this day when we

I believe established that in Smith? of are basking he the great sunshine Do

his underleans a on own man When this I acthe earth? all plaudits the upon Church people over the Do strength, his lives standing, he by own when

this of as the Savior rejoice world. world? that persecuhim the Weof of mysteries of the boasts probing hewhen

I true in to covenants, tion to which used be which is not my now, and Amcept or of sea, the the depths the the atom, secrets of outer space, he forgets God and the waters of baptism, if I understood, yet I am sobered by the warning that claims he is his own master. The result meant that I would stand as a witness the Master gave when he warned:

936 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Woe unto you, when all men shall speak today we glory in that which our Presiand that a man could stand on a little well of you! for so did their fathers to the dent has reported to us as the good platform, six or twelve feet in the air

false prophets. (Luke 6:26.) feeling of the peoples of the world just stand there—and that by turning a

I little all platin- us, of this of say to us could handle each cause he may

I I of think that warning, am When let dividually, forget the or us to that not form up down?"move

the sobered wordsremembering which

I "It said, of kingin incredible looks the acceptance our to but me, measure after their of ofthe people England one it. is of to will of there a answer our our United photograph be God The dom

great celebrations, jubilee Kipwhen it. it is States question the using has honwhich must Does and make Navy we

ling wrote:

it it I to estly ourselves: to of think incredible you? Does seem "What

little testireally platpossible of a Jesus Christ? that a kind seem What

shouting the tumult andThe air of his like divinity of the could in that?"the stand do I have form dies; mony

depart: Kings the Captains andThe

if mission?"I asked read he some had him ThenStill sacrifice, ancient stands Thine

An humble and a contrite heart. God grant that we may not lose that of the things that are being spoken of

Lord God of hosts, be with us yet, testimony. I bear you my testimony these days about a trip to the moon.

Lest we forget, lest we forget. that I know that he is the Savior of No longer is it idle talk. Men are

this world, and I bear that testimony actually talking about flying to the

May I echo and paraphrase those humbly and in the name of the Lord moon.

words of Kipling and say that while Jesus Christ. Amen. They are going to prepare what they

call an island in the sky as a springboard, and that island is going to be stationary. They plan to fly their airSaturday Afternoon, October 1, 1955 ship to that island, get out on it, walk

around, and then take off again and go on to the moon.

Docs that seem incredible? And yet

"I am not ashamed of the withinthe mentheof realmscienceoftodaypossibility.say that Theyit is

are really figuring it out. Incredible?

"No,"he said, "it isn't incredible. I

gospel of Christ"believeisland asthatthata manand couldthen flygo toon suchto thean moon."I said, "You are no different from the by Mark E. Petersen scientists of the world who are believing

the same thing and working in that

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE direction. But,"I said, "is it any more

incredible to believe that a man could this earth into space go out leave and "**""restored. faith pleased, brothers his surely was be whereby might believe to a that could come than man

sisters, First the sat office into the As he and and when came down I visit this space world? from and Which

told Presidency invited subject, these the he he opened wonand me is difficult or believe, to that you more

, at lost faith, derful in sing his to told people had young he and me I fly to or that the could Moroni moon

, it I this lost class at conference, school would and and had what he to the could Prophet come Joseph reto people the teacher been young Mike you was had who who Smith?"

it. I willgrateful for for sponsible yourknow how am

is said, that there he then "But Then difficulty, to hisingness excelfor told here be the As he about and me

I plate take."story gold that cannot of said inlence believe that performance. could he your he not

I am very proud of the MIA and the God any more because who could be- I said, "What about the gold plate work the MIA is doing, and I am very lieve in a Creator or suppose that there story?"

proud of you that you sing so beautiwas some being who could create an He said, "Well, this idea that there fully to our Savior, whom I know you earth like this. He did not believe in was a book of gold plates with ancient

love. I am glad that now, this year, the Savior nor that the Savior ever inscriptions, and that Joseph Smith

together with all the rest of the young wrought out an atonement that would found it buried in the ground."

people of the Church, every week you do us any good. How could the death I said, "Would you believe it if it

recite our MIA theme in which you deof a man on a cross two thousand years came from an archaeologist? If an

clare that you are not ashamed of the ago benefit a person now in this modarchaeologist should find plates of angospel of Christ. I know you love it. ern, enlightened time? And who could cient vintage with inscriptions upon

I hope that always you will love it and believe in a resurrection? It was all just them, and those plates were metallic,

that you will be faithful and true in incredible. would you accept it?"

respect. blessevery to the back your you for went mind God Then my it believe "Well, I could He said,

work. bebefore and Agrippa stood Paul time because of sciarchaeologists are men faith his of his there to and the people defend gan love the young I do ence."

Church, and I love their faith. As I faith in the resurrection, and he asked

visit with them from time to time, I Agrippa, you will remember, why he I said, "These men of science have know that the Spirit of God rests upon thought it was incredible that God proven that there are such things as them, and that the spirit of conversion could raise the dead. plates of gold. They themselves have

is in them, and that most of them are And so we talked together, this young dug up metallic plates with ancient serving the Lord and keeping his comman and I. I asked him if there was inscriptions on them, records of the past,

mandments. So I feel very, very good anything in this modern world that he and they may be seen in museums of this

about the rising generation and about considered to be incredible. He could day. Is that incredible? Is it any more

the future of this great Church. accept most things that are going on difficult to believe that an archaeologist

Occasionally, however, there are some now. could find ancient records of lead or

of our young people who go off on a I showed him a picture in a magazine silver or copper or gold, with inscriptangent and do not keep the faith. One of a little platform about four feet in tions, records of the past, than to beday I had a young man come in to visit diameter, with a railing around it, and lieve that the Nephites made records

of the past brought that they were and faith. in standing lost his the middle.with had me. He a man He

is the in forth our day? more Which I in stood platform the air withthought he not because Thatcame to me

could do him any good, but because out any visible means of support. difficult to believe?"

his mother had asked him to come to I said, "Do you believe it is possible Then he said, "But, I do not believe one of the brethren and see if some that the picture you see there really is in prayer."

different picture might be given to him a picture of sci-.ething that happened {Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1955 937 No oak tree ever bore chestnuts. No

Mark E. Petersen continued whale ever gave birth to a fish, and waving

fields of wheat in every grain are wheat, "Why don't you believe in prayer?"Abraham, a great astronomer of ancient andarrangementcorn is corn.in the Lawgenesgovernswhich theabsolutelyatomic

"I don't believe that I could kneel times, who went down into Egypt and determine every genus of life from begindown in my bedroom and whisper a taught the Egyptians astronomy. That ning to extinction.

few words and have God way up in has been discovered. Is the story of the

heaven, if there is a God, hear what I Bible then incredible?"Then he makes this startling statewould whisper those many, many miles Then I said, "I would like to tell you ment:

away."something that is incredible to me. I The first chapter of Genesis contains the

Then I told him about my wife and can believe all these things, but I would real story of creation, and its essence has me being in Buenos Aires last Christlike to tell you something that is innot been changed by knowledge acquired mas. As we sat with the missionaries credible."since it was written. The differences have

in the mission home that evening, the And he said, "What is that?"arisen over details, which are not worth

telephone rang, and we said, "Hello."I said, "It is incredible to me to becontroversy.

On the other end of that telephone wire lieve that the earth could be made by He says that even the chronological and across space where there were no chance, without a Creator."arrangement in the story of the creawires, and then again picked up by other Then I took from my bookcase a little tion as given in Genesis fits into the

wires, came the voices of our daughter book called, Man Does Not Stand Alone, modern scientific knowledge, and then and sonin-law wishing us "Merry by Cressy Morrison. Cressy Morrison he asks the question, "Can science pick

Christmas,"saying it would not be is pastpresident of the New York a flaw in this briefest story ever told, the

Christmas unless they could speak to Academy of Science, pastpresident of world's history in a few lines of print?"

us. the American Institute of New York, With regard to the story of creation, he

Incredible? There we were in Buenos member of the Executive Board of the again asks whether we should consider

Aires speaking in a normal tone of National Research Council, a Fellow of it incredible.

voice. They were in Salt Lake City. the American Museum of Natural HisFinally, as he closes his book, he says:

Our voices would go to the end of the tory, a life member of the Royal Instiwire, and then they would travel where tution of Great Britain. He wrote this The existence of a Supreme Being is

there would be just space, and beyond little book to prove from the standpoint demonstrated by infinite adjustments withlife itself impossible. out which would be itthe. scientist upto-date wire. inof space over another Is that an that would

magnifithe earth presence on andcredible? for earth impossible have been the can do that, do you If man intellect are to Man'scent a his of demonstrations

not chance. this: be suppose I read hear by could your made God of part carried the out being a program by

prayer? Supreme Intelligence. Let us then hold

Then I brought up another thing. Suppose you take ten pennies and mark fast to our belief in a Supreme Intelligence,

"In the Book of Mormon, which you them from one to ten. Put them in your the love of God and the brotherhood of

say you do not believe, it says that the pocket and give them a good shake. Now man, lifting ourselves closer to him by dosequence, one from in to out them draw his will. ing ofvoice Christ all over was heard in your ten, putting coin back the tryto each

the people, all at once,land by simul- I certainly happy, recently to was of after chance draw. Your each pocket

taneously. I have heard people like you drawing number one, is one to ten; your read a graduation address delivered at

say they could not believe that."chance of drawing one and two in sucthe commencement exercises of one of

"No, I could not believe it,"he said. cession would be one in a hundred; your our large universities, by Dr. Joseph W.

Incredible? Which is more difficult chance of drawing one, two, and three in Barker, president and chairman of the

in thousand. a be succession one wouldto believe, that in could speak God of Research Corporation and America

three, two, one, of drawing chance Your all of theheaven and people America of formerly the school engineering dean in ten succession in one be four would and it, or ofhear that the President the of University. Columbia until of chance your so thousand, on and States couldUnited speak in the White the that address his in explained to ten He one number drawing from number

all the in people andHouse America century had nineteenth the unbelievable scientists of succession the reach in would hear it? Which is more difficult to figure of one chance in ten billion. been misled by certain of their observabelieve? Are these things incredible? tions and as a result came to concluBible. the he brought Then up "The to say: Morrison goes on Then definitely were atheistic, sions which

is fullBible of stories that could nobody he says: but now so simple a with in dealing object Thebelieve."

figures is enormously problem to show how in materialist pragmatic the most Even I instance?"said, "For essenchance. against So many scientific knowledge, of presentday face the I don't think of any at the multiply "Well, to for life necessary are tial conditions that conclusion inevitable is to led themoment."

I suggested the story of Moses and the existimpossibleon ourthatearth,all thatof themit is mathematicallycould exist in thethe heavensfirmamentsdeclareshoweththe gloryhis handiwork.of God and

of story the Moses "Yes,bulrushes. any chance, one relationship proper on by

the Israel foreswore of children the As there at Therefore, said. time. earth one any quickly bulrushes,"the heand

to returned calf golden and of the worship intelligent of in nature form be some must archaeolothat the not know you "Do foresworn so of faith Jehovah, have we the true, If there this direction. then must be facts provegists discovered which have rematerialism and crass mechanistic the be a purpose. bulrushes in thethat found Moses was the of faith in which to that God, turned

that and of Pharaoh, a is daughter theby earth sang: old of "The Psalmist of intricacy the reviewed he Then

tell world, the thereof; the fulness even name youthey can the Lord's, and lives, of intricacy our of creation, the own

24:1.) therein."(Psalm dwell that they of that they and Pharaoh,daughter know living of other of the bodies our bodies,

records they ancient which fromnow of Paul: the words talked paraphrase plants. of little even To He

is true, story that that and things,have dug up init thing a thought that be should Darwin's about evolution and said Why housein reared thethat Moses was be there should you, that credible science with before had concocted theory was that of he became Pharaoh,hold and it thing a be genes,"should genes. the learned a God? about "The Why

Israelites led of leader the them anda that should life you, he incredible within of with says, all forms "keep he

If archaeologists Palestine? the toback to himself to creathem? Life and spheres. show speak produces their men own

it, it is inlonger any provedhave it incredible thing a be in said, designs should the "of tions,"varied he Why credible to you?"hisrecord the that he should gives you, its predecessors with of them and image

I I believe but them, "Well, would of gold? plates his of for people tory on to unthemselves repeat the power

Bible."the believe notwould it incredible thing a be should told generations."Why

story about the of Abraham? "What fourteen little of it that a boy question with whether you asked the he Then

there ever believe was an youDo grove into a go is years should to believe really incredible what theAbraham?"Bible says about everything having been near his home, pray to God in ofall treeshu-

"No, I do not."formed originally to bring forth after mility and receive an answer?

"But the archaeologists have also its own kind: I testify to you, and I testify to all

found out that there was a person called Then he writes, men, that God has made known to me 938 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA that he lives, and I know it as well as I or the eight witnesses who held the bers of the branch would have the opknow that I live. He has given me plates in their hands. I know it. God portunity of leaving and coming to

testimony that Jesus of Nazareth was has made it known to me, and I give America, until finally, before World his literal Son in the flesh, and that he you my testimony. It is not incredible. War II broke out, there was not one

is our Savior, and our Redeemer. And I, together with the young people member of the Church left in that

And he has given to me testimony of the Church, "am not ashamed of the branch in Uelzen. They had all come

that Joseph Smith truly knelt in prayer gospel of Christ: for it is the power of to America safely before the war broke

and in answer received the glorious God unto salvation to every one that out.

visitation in which he talked face to believeth."Then she told me also that in the end

face with the Father and the Son. May we be faithful and true to our of the war, when the American soldiers

And he has given me personal testitrust, true to the restored gospel, and invaded that section of Germany, for mony that the Book of Mormon is true. not be incredulous, is my humble some reason unknown to her, the Ger-

I know it as well as the three witnesses prayer, in Jesus'name. Amen. man soldiers set up a resistance in

Uelzen which resulted in a fourday battle. The bombings and general

destruction were such that there was not a house left in the section where

left Unity in the Faith wasmost notof thea memberSaints hadof thelived,Churchyet there in Uelzen—a result and reward of unity,

working together to keep the commandby Eldred G. Smith ments of the Lord.

I could tell another story of another

PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH branch in Germany where they worked more as individuals. None of them

of result left as a the and Germany,

It SISTERS: I ones ourselves the only Y found BROTHERS and AND

I city destroyed. entire the was war

\ I, is entire to thrilling consitting experience audience. in the a The of letter received the from one a mem-

: gregation, for conferences. and except these in companion be my told there that bers even some who me

; I front sang to the Nevertheless, and gone had humbly me, up

lives, lost their their of the members 'is It choir. interest in have a seek as your wonder no an we of friends, of the members some and ""—-<--—- prohere in Saints prayers faith can and come and who my lost in their lives families that their

yesterday. as such chorus a hadbehalf. duce we

city. in that destruction the and war

I reports that I they the a found from President heard Clark have numSaints, they but good were had They all together, they but refer as only sang song, not his of to timesber he theme toof working lesson the learned not

I it, there that also together. hiscalls perof unity, found that worked with and in Saints as gether the Uelzen had of I the his percent join like chorus. to 100 was membershipmission would learned.

tithing, percent all and 100 his paying join branch chorus, alone not shouldWe is us, brothers to a challenge This I just that not that action. went the in taughtin words, was Paul but month

the same doctrine when he wrote to the there on. that one visit, but that was the and sisters, that we might do as theyEphesians: report I got all the time I was there. did in Uelzen—not just to move to anlive section, that but might we in the other their meetings Attendance was

. that I therefore walk ye you as of they the the Lord commandments everyin together same. worked They

are of the ye. vocation. beseech wherewithworthy it for did. purpose, special did a They also, discovered, that did. thing they

called, eftheir in blessed the Lord and them in the there branch were two womenI all meekness, lowliness with and With forts. a responsibility today have We gone at that time husbands whose had inlongsuffering, forbearing another one

in together to unite the keeping comthat to America, the branch and hadlove;

Endeavoring to keep the unity of the agreed together, before these two men mandments of the Lord. We need to

Spirit in the bond of peace. left, that they would all work together; be united in keeping his commandments

There is one body, and one Spirit, even they would keep the commandments of more now than ever before because the as ye are called in one hope of your calling; the Lord to the best of their ability; eyes of the world are upon us now

faith, baptism, Lord, one one before. One ever than of more required they do all that was would

all, of is above Father and God who One this excuse; tour of the Tabernacle nothing without would them With

all.all, all, in (Eph. through you and and

of in fulfilling responsiEurope, us might the Choir some from stop them4:1-6.)

bilities given to them. Those who rethink, "Well, that was just the TaberWhen I talk about unity in the mained in the branch would see to it nacle Choir. That was something they

gospel, I am often reminded of an exthat the wives of these two men were did. I do not have to take part in that."

perience that I had while on a mission taken care of, that they would not be There is not one of us who is a member in Germany. When this German Choir in need. of the Church who does not take part

sang for us yesterday in the conference The two men who left for America in it, and we cannot afford to let the meetings, I was reminded again of those agreed that they would do likewise in choir down. We have to live the comexperiences, especially when I was asliving the commandments of the Lord mandments of the Lord to bolster up

signed to work in Celle in the Hanover and that they would find jobs and work what they have done in Europe, for now

District in Germany. Once a month we hard and save their money and send truly, as we sang yesterday in our conwent to the little town of Uelzen, which for their wives as soon as possible. It ference meeting:

was a selfsustaining branch. We went was not long until I was transferred

there to get their reports and to help from that section of Germany, and then "High on the mountaintop them as we could. Since my companion soon after, I was released to come home. A banner is unfurled;

was assigned to the branch at the same Some twenty years later, after I beYe nations now look up;

time I was, this first visit to Uelzen was came Patriarch to the Church, I had an It waves to all the world."

a new experience for both of us. appointment to give a blessing to a

We took our seats in the first meetyoung girl. When she arrived, her To keep that banner flying, we must

ing we attended in the front of the hall. mother was with her. I found that the stand unitedly valiant in the faith, and

The branch president announced that mother was one of those two sisters I pray that the Lord will bless us that the meeting would be started by the whose husbands had left Uelzen when we might be united; that we will be

choir singing such and such a song. I was over there. I had a long talk unitedly valiant in keeping the com-

I looked about and found no choir up with this sister and her daughter. The mandments of the Lord, and in sustainin front, but before I could ask any daughter, of course, had grown up from ing our testimonies of this gospel, for

questions or discover an answer to the a small child, and her mother told me this is the strength and the power of the problem in my mind as to where the this story: that one by one, or two at a gospel, and this I pray in the name of

choir was coming from, my companion time, as occasion came, different memJesus Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1955 939 or wear or drink, they would soon be hungry, thirsty, and unclothed; and so

those scholars wrote numerous explanations in their efforts to interpret what the Master may have meant.

But the Book of Mormon in one brief statement gives, I believe, more clarifiTHE MODERN SCRIPTURES cation to that problem than is found in all the explanations given by the scholars. According to that record, Jesus

appeared to the Nephites following his resurrection and gave a sermon similar Our Greatest Aids to the one known in the New Testament as the Sermon on the Mount. Jesus

was talking to the multitude, and then by Milton R. Hunter the Nephite record states:

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY And now it came to pass that when

Jesus had spoken these words he looked upon the twelve whom he had chosen, and

I say unto... Therefore brethren and sisters: dear [MBB fll jjlJY

life, for your what...whichpreachingwas whichgreat, wasor prophesying,sacred, or revela-... you,said untotake them:no thought I I I shall tion pray that humbly

drink: eat, shall ye ye shall or what as it were touch upon them as much nor1 fjm.., 2 shall put on. ye body, for your yet possible, what for sake, Christ's if m theDe guidedLord inby thethe briefSpirit reof and

I this that marks make the turning multitude from by records Thus so the were Nephite '"'And '"HH afternoon. to instruction giving his twelve only in and forth to preserved written and come

I con- I in here hand what hold my of those the reduced Jesus problem latter men, witness to that bear days Jesus the of three valuablesider to the be most for the is Lord provided be by would Christ, world, of the the Savior the who in a the world.treasures moneFrom of servants to Ceronly twelve God. the the heavens and Mediator between

price. aretary standpoint, they beyond in laborers Lord's vinethe tainly the of earth, the the the Begotten Only

If all in the the would of people world hire. of are their yard flesh, worthy in the the Eternal Father Reand

of these application complete whatmake of contains some Book of carefamily. The the Mormon deemer human A to utilizing treasures contain,three them teachdoctrinal of the marvelous most ful of of reading the Book Mormon

I contents their fullest, believethe in or scripture in ings any any found that but convinces not only one Jacob for the good more human dowould in anworld. the writings other all also The the prophets succeeded who

all in the the armiesfamily do than cient the prophets explained American carefully injuncfollowed Nephi's him sit thrones, all kingsworld, that the on as as doctrines clearly gospel beauand tion. entire witthe Throughout book

or rule,all that any the governments as tifully exprophets ever is any have to ness almost continuously the born in attain that thingsother might we I rejoice gospel. in the the plained of the of divine mission God, Lamb

I inthis world. holding hand my am in vision superb beheld Israel. which Nephi of by the Anointed One

triple Latterday combinathe history of the world the he viewed down of last fact, prophet the Moroni, In of oftion holy Book I I scriptures—theSaints'as time. present to read the marvel to the race, preface his in the Nephite Doctrine the Covenants, andMormon, of Perteachings the Benjamin. King the that of out pointed Book Mormon, Price. of conPearl Great theand They teacher other the Master haps except no for primarily written record been had in as of thetain revealed the word God serbeautiful, given has a more humble of the purposelatter the days through from heaven I I thrill contemplate every time mon.

salvation for Smith, theProphet Joseph the teachings marvelous and of Alma... of the the convincing and Gentile Jew of of all the membersand exaltation resurrection, death, imon Amulek is the the that God, the Christ, Jesus

their will receive family whohuman... all mortality, the atoneday, himself manifesting judgment and unto nations—Eternal obedience.divine teachings render and Christ. delight I take of Jesus ment

Members of the Church of Jesus I think that both the Jaredite and meditating on Mormon's strong dein ture—theChrist acceptHolyoneBible—andmore bookhenceas scripthey Nephitein givingprophetsus muchdidevidencean excellentof theworkdinunciationof infant baptism,of the doctrinerealizingandthatpracticenoregard it as authoritative and binding vinity and mission of Jesus Christ; thus where is this doctrine more forcefully

on their lives. I shall not speak of that making the Book of Mormon indeed a condemned. And of course the greatest

scripture today but confine my remarks a new witness. of all the teachings found in the Book

scriptures to the world givento the by are those in found the Third of Mormon contains Book a numThe of Mormon his of thethe through Lord power is Nephi. recorded Herein the marvelous of ber teachings help to explain, which

Prophet Joseph Smith. amplify, and clarify doctrine found in and beautiful story of the appearances

The first of these three scriptures of the Bible; for example, according to the of the resurrected Lord to the inhabthe Latterday Saints, as it appears in Sermon on the Mount as recorded in itants of ancient America, proclaiming

the triple combination, is the Book of the Gospel of Matthew, while Jesus was his victory over death and offering

Mormon. This volume contains the talking to the entire multitude of peoeternal life unto all those who would

gospel of Jesus Christ as the ancient ple he instructed: accept and obey his gospel. The book

Americans received and understood it. delineates in an astounding manner the

The most vital purpose that the writTherefore I say unto you, Take no thought Master teaching the inhabitants of this ers had in mind in preparing the Book for your life, what ye shall eat, or what land the same gospel plan of salvation shall drink; ye serve as thatof it should taught while he had was in morMormon nor3 yet for your body, what which

shall put on. ye a Christ, especially for the witness For example, Jews. tality amonga new

to for the chapter read of Christ twentyseven and witness Jews Thirdnew

I Brilliant think many 1 scholars—and It latter days. in the Christ was Nephi.gentiles definiHerein a gave

faithful of believperhaps men, them of tion of the verify the messiahship gospel to thewritten Christ of Jesus which, all greatest of Christ the ing that was is I think, as in the unsurpassed proclaimed Old Begotten reinOnly anywhere at all eternal times proclaiming literature. ligious Testaments.and New in Master's the foregoing teachers,truths—saw

life, his are of close Nephi, the There stateindividual numerous Towards to ecostatement be appeared what an the first writer on the Nephite records, nomic fallacy. They observed that if ments on various subjects in the Book

handed the plates to his brother Jacob people in general throughout the world of Mormon which I choose to call diaand instructed Jacob to record caretook no heed of what they should eat mondlike statements, and which I fully think are unsurpassed in other SCrip2Jacob 1:4.

6:25. 43 Nephi 13:25. ] 2 Nephi 26:12; Mormon 5:9-14. 3Matthew

940 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tures and in world literature; for exous statement found in section 131. To revelations given to Moses and reample, the oftrepeated, sincere, simple, quote: revealed to Joseph Smith; the book of

but beautiful expression of faith given Abraham, written by the great patriby Nephi is superb. To quote: In the celestial glory there are three arch and translated by the Prophet

heavens or degrees; Joseph; the twentyfourth chapter of

highest, order to in a the obtain man And of early visions be- I the Matthew; some will things the the go and Lord do

priestenter this into order of the must

I for the that ofhath commandeth, the held Prophet; his teachknow by some everlasting the [meaning hood new and giveth the noLord unto commandments ings; of Articles Faith. the and They of marriage] covenant

ofchildren prepare a save he men, way sixty are in approximately compacted if it. not, he obtain does he cannot Andfor that they the them accomplish may pages, every is but page and into is dynamic the enter other, that but 5 He maything he them. which commandeth is of his It the powerful. book. end kingdom; have he a cannot wonderful an

increase.8 The Pearl of Great Price also conthat the I believe possibly greatest tains certain revelations subjects on

in revelations greatest of thestatement recorded of the One purpose on superior scriptures to or writany other celestial maris the scripture life one on of any or purpose given was in twoman subjects in those the found ings on short lines by father Lehi wherein he riage, found in section 132 of the Docworld; for example, Abraham's vision

marvelous trine fell This Covenants.said: and that be; might "Adam men life of premortal in which he learned

printhe deals revelation are, with crowning that they might haveand men of eternal the of things; nature of the

setChrist, of It is ciple of gospel Jesusjoy."the conviction that joy the my in council of grand heaven; the and

of which Lehi spoke is a joy that would ting forth the condition on which one plan of salvation as presented there come today and remain tomorrow, next may gain eternal life or exaltation in constitutes one of the greatest of God's revelation of presence This the God. year, nextweek, years, hundred a revelations his to prophets. holy And

exalted cannot be informs that us years, eternally.thousand man A the his in knowledge obtained by Moses

withthe nor without study woman,thorough ofyes—joythea woman Book of Mormon vision of Lucifer part the played he and

It doctrine clear the out I makes man. scripturesand its companion which at the council, grand to added Abrahold in my hand assures us that the that those who prove faithful in all ham's vision, gives us the most complete

only way to attain that joy is to render things which the Lord hath comunderstanding found in any literature of the to go all house the to manded,obedience of God's commandLord regarding life man's premortal and of into the enter marriage covenant and continuously.ments commore The for God's purposes of the good man.

to plan, according continue livespletely God's our and to teachconform the also Price of helps Pearl Great The all lives, faithful of their the shall of daysings the Master, greater the shall be difficult clarify passages of to the some rise resurrection in the joy.our and for scriptures; in example, other the

The Doctrine and Covenants, the... shall pass by the angels, and the gods, when Jesus Christ was living in morsecond volume of these latterday scripwhich are set there, to their exaltation and tality, the New Testament writers retures which I hold in my hand, is filled glory in all things, as hath been sealed port that time and time again he rewith revelation from heaven, given upon their heads, which glory shall be a ferred to himself as the Son of Man.

primarily through the instrumentality of fulness and a continuation of the seeds Many modern scholars in their comever. and for salvaforeverthe the Prophet Smith Joseph to mentaries explain have endeavored

shall Then oftion of all the the members human the Master they be gods,..."what by meant may have

will receive obey.family this and These appellation. scholars who These have section gives 132 underus an Thus

forrevelations also the buildwere given that universally almost maintained of to standing highest the obtain how ofing of the or the referring in kingdom as the Jesus to himself God Son blessing that Eternal in our has Father of Christ here JesusChurch of upon mortal a that he meant was Man for store love those keep and him who in latter earththe the days preparathat man. Christ maintain They was his Furthermore, the commandments.

fortory of to the Savior the his of claims divinity in coming making no

I revelations referred to have which referring in reign. the millennialusher to himself as of but Son Man, briefly give definite us informamore

that his pointing he out merely was in Covenants, Doctrine and my The life tion the postmortal on and of man mortality. of Price, Pearl Great The conof like the Mormon,opinion, Book ultimate to goals the attained be than

clarifies this beautihowever, point teachings greatest of thetains many scriptures in other found can be in any fully. Speaking of the Eternal God for in world; the in any bookfound the world.

example, I know of no revelation given The Doctrine and Covenants, like the Father, this record tells us that prophets in any age holy thethrough also diacontains Book of Mormon, of the of language Adam,... in Man postmortal history regardingof world's statements mondlike are superb; which is his Holiness of his the name, and name

life and the final status of the human for example, the one on law is reOnly Begotten is the Son of Man, even section surpassesfamily which Christ, a righteous Judge, who shall seventymarkable. To quote: Jesus

six of Covenants, the Doctrine of and time. 12 in the meridian come

known as the vision, or the three deThere is a law, irrevocably decreed in of this world, before foundations the heaven of Nazareth revelasee glory. that Jesus of stupendousgrees This Thus we

all blessings are predicated which upon his mortal to manpointing out the Joseph Prophet givention not was blessing from was obtain any when we And his declaring that were he but Sidney Rigdon. was They and hoodSmith is it to that obedience law upon by God,

10 his celestial Messiahhis divinity, to the into look Godhood,permitted is it predicated. dewhich

gree of glory, behold conditions there, ship, his powers as a Savior, his posiand record what they saw while "yet in Another diamondlike statement is: tion as the Only Begotten of the Father,

the Spirit."7 Then they were shown in "The glory of God is intelligence, or, in each time that he called himself the

vision the terrestrial glory and likewise other words, light and truth."11 Son of Man. He was referring to himthe telestial glory. A short vision of In addition to the great revelations self as the "Son of the Man of Holiperdition was also shown unto them. referred to, the Doctrine and Covenants ness,"even the Only Begotten Son of

The conditions requisite for entrance contains the wonderful instructions the Eternal Father.

into any of these worlds were made known as the Word of Wisdom, several The Pearl of Great Price also conknown unto them. revelations on missionary work, intains some diamondlike statements, as

In addition to the great revelation on struction on priesthood, and numerous do the other latterday scriptures. As

the three degrees of glory, the Doctrine other pertinent revelations which I canan example, I shall quote: "For behold,

and Covenants contains many more not name in the short time allotted to this is my work and my glory—to bring

revelations regarding postmortal life. me. to pass the immortality and eternal life

For example, section eightyeight exThe third great treasure which I hold of man."13

pands our knowledge of the three dein my hand is the Pearl of Great Price, Never in my life have I read in any grees of glory. Also, there is a marvel- a pearl indeed. It is composed of two scripture or in any other writing a

sIbid., 131:1-4. (Continued on following page)

Hbid., 132:1920. E l Nephi 3:7.

27D Nephi& C 76:80,2:25. 113. Mbid.,Ibid., 93:36.130:2021. lbid.,12Moses 1:39.6:57.

DECEMBER 1955 941 to have some. So we suggested to tne

Milton R. Hunter Continued children that they go to Church with

other children living in the community.

statement which defines the work of Christ. If we as members will give A few weeks later my little daughter,

God (meaning the Father and the Son) heed to the teachings of the Savior, four years old, came home to me after more completely, more thoroughly, and rendering obedience to all of his comSunday School one morning, and said, more accurately, in one short statement, mandments, if we will walk along the 'Mother, how is it that everyone else's than does that one. Jesus Christ came path which these latterday scriptures mother goes to Sunday School with

into the world, being sent here by the point out, all of the blessings promised them, but you don't go to Sunday School

Father to die, to be resurrected, and to in these scriptures will be ours. Some with me?'"And the mother said, "You

break the bands of death. He did rise day we shall come back into the presmight as well have stabbed me in the

from the grave, and he did put into ence of the Father and the Son and back with a dagger, it cut that deep. I

operation, so to speak, a universal law receive eternal life. decided I wasn't going to have my little

of resurrection so that every man, My brothers and sisters, I have merely daughter accuse me of being the only woman, and child who ever lives upon given a brief analysis of these three mother not attending Sunday School this earth will rise from the grave and great treasures. Let me admonish that with her daughter, so I began going."

said, "I the of most she met some receivethereby Then immortality. The all the study we we scriptures—that I ever that have people wonderful as as shallwicked well the righteous night, that study day and them and we

life, to in I heard learned and know ofbe resurrected my and, the grace through their teachings in our keep conminds

Christ and by the authorization of the tinuously. The Savior said: "Search things in Sunday School that were new

Father, receive immortality. Thus God's the scriptures; for in them ye think ye and impressive to me, and it wasn't

work is to give immortality to the huhave eternal life: and they are they very long after that, that I became a

man family. which testify of me."14 member of this Church."

cast after were Eve and Shortly Adam I some heard have have some had who scriptures been have holy my The Christ, of Jesus Eden, thefrom Garden in experiences unusual becoming memlife. closest throughout companion my

his the of work world, began Saviorthe buildof bers the the through Church continually. read them love and tbem

life eternal revealing give byto man I stake a program. ing was down the II the Book through gone think I have

to Father salvation ofgospel plan Adam. a ago. in had a California while times. fortyfive inWe time Every of Mormon

of Christ came theIn Meridian Time presivisit, little stake to the time and I it I I thoughts. befind read new

live. to to us theto world show how that to a took dent was branch new me all in the said as I heart, lieve with my of congospel the has revelationThe construction. were under While we talk, three these that of beginning my

to throughouttinued from heaven come said, building, riding to he the new scriptures, the together with latterday gospel dispensations variousthe and this very a unbeen has know, "You greatest of constitute the Bible, some dispensation, in ourclimaxed coming project. furnished usual has Church The If will possess. that to treasures we we Prophet the Josephthe world through has material, the done branch and so, as the serve will to they do permit them

Fulof the in Dispensation theSmith all of a work. the have They man to guides bring us God. back unto our

sons All of the daughness Times. and is of a the here nonmember who that bless us Father our Heavenly May fully live accordinters of who God of all free contributed has Church who in utilize effectively fully our we may receive will gospel this planance with for building, this labor the plumbing I treasures, lives these great humbly

life, to completeeternal helping thereby of senior Aaronic the a and member Christ. of in the pray, Jesus name

of glory thethe God. work and all of the Priesthood has done who Amen.

I to briefly desire conclusion, speak In electrical in the building."work

to the members of Church of Jesus 'John 5:39.

As we approached the building, I noticed the roof was on, and the outside was stuccoed. We went around to the

front. There we saw a plaster mixer

running, and a woman shoveling sand

to a little unusual me. seemed We

into building, the Your Interest in the Future walkedand hardwall into the mixer. That I was and

made acquainted with the branch presilittle by Carl TV. Buehner worrieddent. I aboutsaid toa him,woman"Say,outside,I am shovel-a

OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC ing sand and hardwall into a mixer."

He said, "You better be careful what you say; that is my wife. She is a part

"Hy dear brethren and sisters: sions, and the growth of the Church. of my firm. She is the best hod carrier

perfectly * were '*7j| trimk at that Just

vj at this honest with you with door Iwhenwas veryPresidentimpressedMcKayyesterdayannouncedmorninghow wetimehaveshe herecameinintoYucaipa."the front

moment, I would tell you many new members had come into the a large wheelbarrow full of plaster and year, past in that I suppose shaking I appreciate the more Church her loaded husband's board mortar up '-"- -—"'[ other in the before year one few any than in you the next hisuntil could not talk to us he any longer.

minutes. tory of the Church. I have been inHe had to get it on the wall. I feel

This has been a marvelous conference. terested in how some of these new concertain that the man who did the

I expected it to be so, knowing of some verts have joined the Church and the plumbing in that building has plumbed of the great events that have happened reasons for their joining the Church. I himself right into the Church. I am

in the Church during this past year. I thought today I would like to say just quite sure he has.

it of sure the of them. greatest a has words about some been one fewam

I of in historyyears standing the the a mother up in I have heard of others who have Church. remember

their painted the Church. Not way into in part of southern the conference a I think temand workWhen

of long ago a had man who for credit giving dedibuildingple Utah, temple her membership alone—oneof temple good some neighbors were I Mormonheard who in fouryear-old to a for dedication,cated, the daughground ready Church one

broken for a third, a fourth one ready ter. She said, "My husband and I and building a chapel. He was a painter.

for construction immediately, and land our three children moved into this comHe was invited to assist in painting purchased for a fifth, all in one year munity a few months ago, and shortly the chapel, and he not only made a it is a great day in the history of the after we became established, we decided fine contribution painting, but he

Church. that our children should have some painted himself right into the Church.

We have heard marvelous reports of religious affiliation. I do not know why I heard of a man down in Las Vegas,

what has happened in other parts of I did not think the parents should, but just a month or so ago, that plastered the Church, the creation of new misat least we thought the children ought himself into the Church. So you see,

942 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA you can become interested in the work for a Church that is compara- "Another thing I like about their

Church in many different ways. tively small and comparatively new. Church is their devotion. Take the

I think we are losing some opportuni- "Now what are the things that I like stake president for example. A stake is

ties if we do not invite our neighbors about this Church? First, their clear- a certain area that goes a long waywho are not members of the Church to cut statement of faith. For example, outside of Calgary—takes in a vast area.

help us in the erection of our wonderful their first statement is that they believe The stake president is unpaid. The

buildings. The plasterer was thrilled in God, in Jesus Christ, and in the man that holds that position is a most

as he told me of his profession. He Holy Spirit. It had been said to me prominent citizen—one of our busiest

was invited to come over and help. that Mormons do not believe in Jesus and yet that stake president gives this

He met the finest men he has known Christ! Such superstitions and misunsort of time to his Church: He gives one

working on that building. Through derstandings we have regarding them night a month for faculty meeting of

this contact, he became a member of need clearing up. They believe in the stake officers. He gives one night

the Church. things that we would find a little pe- a week for a stake presidency meeting.

The most recent I have heard is about culiar, perhaps, like eternal progression, He gives two Sundays a month to visit full afternoon wards. gives one the He I think,a minister who, of a church, today—prophetic attends two Saturday one a month. He chorus himselfgoing marriage. They to preach in. The is revelationrevelation—andtakingeternalplace

we heard this morning is bound to sing don't believe that death makes any digeneral conferences a year at Salt Lake people into the Church. Through our vorce. But is this faith bad? City, and they last for three days each.

living the gospel, we can melt people "The second thing I like about them He has four stake conferences a year into the Church. But here is a man is that their religion enters into their where he gives one and onehalf days

who is going to preach himself in and life immediately. Idleness, laziness, liveach, and one day a month he gives tomay bring with him a number of his ing off the government—-these things to the temple. Now just think of that

own congregation. I would like to read them are evil. They believe that one sort of time! Just think of it! I can't;

a little from a talk he delivered. It is should work and should not be supit appalls me. [And here I would like

a good Mormon sermon delivered by ported by the government. to say, I am glad he does not know how

the Reverend Frank S. Morley of the "Third, is that it is a familycentered much more time a stake president or

Grace Presbyterian Church of Calgary, religion. This familycentered religion a bishop puts in for the Church or he

Alberta, Canada. His subject was, begins with family prayers in the mornmight faint.] That amazing sort of

"What we can learn from the Church ing and family prayers at night, and time! We have nothing like it! In our

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints."no food is eaten until it is blessed. The church there's nothing at all resembling

This is what he said: entire family goes to Church, led by that sort of sacrifice of time, and I know

coast. to coast church from is my father the a the mother. There and of Mor- I the all knew "About not generosity their of also "I think Isn't that a each evening week. home recently was comparatively untilmons with but of time, matter in the only in thing? evening the wonderful One I reGrey. in I read Zane hadwhat onetenth. tithes. pay is On their They in the everybody week Morhome built picture adverse anmembered they of first each month the Sunday family, they again famand have mon that novels Grey's of Zane onearound without go offering. fast life. a They ily have I that I a boy, wasI read when had give the that and Sunday meals office on in to order two "In hold the Morof sort imThat as a boy. seenhad Hoover President poor. to the to money the follow Church, you have mon unhappily with remainedpression me

to pracif all were churches said that of tea, Book no Wisdom I strictly—no recently when comparativelyuntil

as the to the poor tise Mormon help coffee, liquor, tobacco no and no (which that of a good many to knowcame to have not there does, would will Church a rule immediately out good many I began intimately, and moreChurch state whatever. They support be any us). of to clean, morally have be You that about bit a more out to find that's their and of care members, take tithe, to a have you pay have and you it out I find did EspeciallyChurch. their I like Church. about thing another to active in be the an worker Church. call to on came young men twowhen they into divided what are I wards it's Their don't because whether know Now I in Calafter been had long notme a 'blocks,'means merely call which life of of this to retheir which way in the afar from down gary. came They section city, that in of and the section is ligion so or related not, intimately talk to just States. came TheyUnited

to families 8 3 will who from there be are healthiest they but perhaps the peo- I thought me. faith with their over visited will be they are and Mormons, in world. ple the in the war, During these of two wonderful very that was will they Every teachers. month two by found acceptable you more Utah men It took some men.young courage—at I teachers. [And visited two for be by services state the in other than any it some took I thought least have would

right, too.] that They may were wish States. the United rather face a to and come up courage reason, for this some missed be month States rate the in United minister, and death Presbyterian "The formidable

or California in away they be may the is per young 10 but 1000, Mormons among in and walkedthey talked—just will be they called but upon, when births per is shave, it 1000. per to started 6 just The under fellows had who in the family visited next Every month. their are States but 24 in talk the about 1000 to United I began think—and is these visited by Church Mormon leadthe In 38. were the they I faith. asked Mormons among how them

year. every 12 to times 6 teachers from world, of the civilized they nations living because ing 22 to a makemanaging percent 100 at Last aimed they month of children born expenses, and the average their number paid said own they didn't failed. visitation, they They and In 1000. per arc written just of 74 out wedlock had told had boy one me pergot 95 percent. only get 100 They are born sell 1000 a States per 40 to cow United father his the told and home

if that rest of cent. do the you [And 10, only in of but wedlock, Utah the money. out to up send and he owned hear will comwell, more no then you is proporin next in to work years (which such Idaho and dedicate two They teaching complaints the ward from 11. state) that, After a tion An being expenses. their Mormon pay own and

folk mittee.] were away when Some a very contrast! have up came They amazing of young couple men another

their on. called Normally they were also. rate divorce their low talked also about see to and me

is efficient in percent 80 about program of faith more some I answered my in like the and thing Church "Another three calling. teachers do their These

questions. is especially its young fellowship, among first, for carry, a things. message They

their people keep people. young celebration centennial They [Utah] the "At help, to go Secondly, they the month.

thing, another the Church. said they around And the in Church 1947, Mormon is if encourthey then needed, and any

it this fellowship, result that from in and missionaries may 51,612 sent out had life. in activity age Church

That's marriage. in early believe for twothey out one hundred for years—going this hold does message "What fact, of they idea. a matter exAs a good their paying own and terms year

is this all, First comof Church us? for their people marat prepare young 1949, in 8,695 penses! had They

is in of one no laymen. There posed if fine It our thing riage. a since be would countries. But thirtyeight in work all. is at paid Stake the Calgary who for prepared were people more young something out are sending they then

It's layman's Isn't a that astounding? I has protestant church marriage. guess so The annually, like four thousand

these of the think work church. Just of preparation young inadequate a most in at missionaries work more they have

the world now. An amazing missionary people for marriage. (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1955 943 laymen do. Our protestant church is the Church; listen to the missionaries; father will live until I return so that

built upon laymen. Our Presbyterian work your way into the Church on a I can tell him what I really think of

Church is built upon laymen. Unless building project; catch the spirit through him—bow much I appreciate him."

we can revive the laymen of the Presbythe singing of these choruses or through I learned from these testimonies, of terian Church, I don't believe it has any other avenue that will impress you hundreds of people who have become any great future. All of the work except with the most important thing that can active in the Church through their

some inconsequential things are turned come into your life—a testimony of the missionary sons and daughters, some

back upon the minister of the Church. gospel. And then for some of you that who have joined the Church, even

Unless we can get the laymen of our are not as active as you should be, I fathers and mothers. One example:

church to teach, I tell you our church would like to say to you: Become more A mother dissuaded her eldest son

will be a dwindling church. active, enjoy the great blessings that from going into the mission field. She

"The teaching we get from this Morour Father in heaven has in store for and his father were not members of the mon Church is this—that religion is the faithful of this great Church and Church. They said, "You are wasting

not to be taken easily. A religion that kingdom of his, established for the last your time. Go to college instead; do

imposes no obligation is no religion."time upon the earth. something that is worth while. Do not

He said many other wonderful things. I would like to close by adding my go on a mission."They used all of their

I have the complete sermon over in my testimony that I know that God lives, persuasive powers, but finally, when office, if some of you would like to get and that Jesus Christ is his Son, the they realized that he was positively gothe rest. I cannot help feeling that this Savior of the world, and that the gospel ing, they said, "All right, go ahead."

man is on his way to preaching himself has been restored in this Dispensation Two weeks before the boy sailed from into our Church. And if he talks to of the Fulness of Times through his New York, his mother approached him

the same audience another time or two, servant, the Prophet Joseph Smith. one morning and said, "Son, today I am

he is going to bring some of them with One other thought I would like to being baptized."

"It is that is this: leave recommendedhim. works mother Another boy said, "My

in the future. take an interest I am interested in the new converts we sustain.. fourteen every hours day to me

I to of see grateful we'll that's the restto spend the Church. where am said, mission."Another boy our on my

life life."all of walks from and comingthem of "I mission the because on my am

all close different to channels the bethrough thought a good This we may blessings highschool of the Lord. My

I like to in bless every on. the the say Lord each Chuch. and wouldhave May colto brother not graduate could go

to of us, I pray, listeningto those humbly, in the name who are one me today mission, lege if I but went my on my

Christ. Investigate of the of the Jesusnot Church: Lord members Amen. said, are 'You your going on mother

mission.'And as I was about ready to

leave, we had word that my younger brother had received a scholarship to the university, and good neighbors brought in a hundred dollar bill to put into my hand, and I am still in the mission field and nearly ready to go REPORT ON EUROPE home."

I shall never forget a certain testiby Spencer W. Kimball mony meeting. A young man who was

of after quite the upset emotional OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE still just got to us: "I said a cablethe week

gram last week telling of the death of my father."He continued: "I tele-

\Y BROTHERS AND SISTERS: and much that was of interest. We saw phoned across a continent and across

Never before has the word bicycles by the millions, we saw women an ocean, and I heard my mother's home meant so much to working in the fields, and we laughed voice on the wire, the sweet voice of my me as it did this week as we wrote in our journals about the newly widowed mother."He said, "I

when I came with others odd, unusual things. am the youngest of her eight children,

* into New York harbor, In 1955 we went to Europe without a and I said to her, 'Mom, how are you?'

saw Old Glory and the Statue of camera—the only persons in Europe, I and she said, 'I am all right, son; I

Liberty, and as I flew west and saw the think, who did not have a camera. We want you to stay and fill your mission.

dry plains, and the high mountains of saw the bicycles as means to an end, The Lord will take care of us.'

the Uintahs, and the frostcolored to take people to their work and to bring That kind of faith in parents, that

Wasatch Mountains, and then landed people to Church services. We saw kind of faith in sons and daughters,

at the airport here in Salt Lake City women not only working in the fields, brings rich dividends.

crops, digging potatoes but planting andand to be met by my family and my

I bring you greetings from your servin and saw their homes them also webrethren.

in military. icemen, the Your men their in into the work. Church in Gersaw Hannover, landed we We When boys, of families their some have whom hearts; testimonies; their Sister heard ago, Gregory we we weeksmany, many

love all the their gospel them, with with felt their love. the from as drove tosaid me, away we

souls acthat love their and show by I grateful this for privilege that was Kimball, Brotherairport, you "Now, tions. eight of met hundred them We us, to to to the people did and meet came all Europe. over been Whathave

in the at BerchtesBavarian Alps down see for the gospel does interesting?"them what the that most see wasyou

gaden, Hitler's underneath famous it lives. realized their enters in herI when she had not what do know We Eagle's stands Nest the high which on before that there I sure be were and there Norwegians would butmind, am

above. hotels mountain The of Finns statues French, but Alpine and thinking and Germans be would whomany

this evacuated were to turned over and all gospel comes, the melt they cathedrals museand when monuments,and great concourse their famiand of men figure. It into glaciers. composite did not one rivers andums,

lies. of greetings bring the give answer: to the her your to you longtake me We

"The most interesting thing I saw was missionaries who are in the European I remember just as the fourday prothe people."countries, a thousand of them. We gram was ending how the servicemen

In 1937, Sister Kimball and I went heard a thousand testimonies, sweet, with their families were moving out of to Europe as tourists. We took with resonant, glorious testimonies from the hotel. There had been no smoke,

us a camera and much film. We saw hearts filled with faith and sacrifice. I no rowdincss, but as they moved out,

all of the strange, funny things in Eulooked into their hearts, and I found there came in a woman's club, women rope. We went through many of the them good. They love you folk at home with their cigarets, fouling the air in

museums, and I think most of the more than they have ever told you. One the hotel lobbies which had been so

cathedrals. We saw the monuments young man said, "Oh, I hope my sick clean and sweet for four days, some944 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

thing those hotels, perhaps, had never out any lights. We were far up in We have found some Spanish memseen before. the north country. bers in France, Italian members in

I remember well the banquet which We crossed over the Swedish border Switzerland. We have Indonesian

we held down on Chiemsee Lake, in and the fjords and the thick ice, and the brothers and sisters in Holland and another building built by Hitler and deep snow. We saw the Laplanders and Yugoslavs in Austria, members of the

his associates, but which now is used the reindeer; we saw nearly everybody Church, faithful members. Greeks, we

by the United States Army and which but Santa Claus there in the north found, and even Russians in East Gerthey turned over to our boys for the country. many belonging to the Church. One

retreat program. I remember this long We found the Swedes were solid, reof our East German lady missionaries

hall, surely as long as this tabernacle, liable, wonderful people, and we travwas begging for the privilege of going tables—mostlywith 650 peopleour sittingown people,aroundbutthea eledto allthreetheweeksprincipaldown throughcities, dedicatedSweden, onin Easta missionGermanyamongor inthe Russia.Russians over

few other chaplains and special guests. eight chapels in that area and came to We went into the Saar, to SaarThere were 650 glasses of milk sitting the beautiful green carpet of the level bruchen, and saw the devastation there.

on those tables, and not one glass or country of the south where they have One cannot forget the war; its ruins

cup of anything else. I think that Eumore windmills, they say, than are are everywhere present, though it has

rope has never seen anything like that found in Holland. been ten years. I cannot imagine what

before. Finland was a place which brought Brother Benson saw a decade ago,

I remember these servicemen as I us a great joy, and we found youth when there is still so much destruction.

saw them assisting elderly women, gathered together there, Finnish youth, I crossed the Sarr at early dawn. I

Austrians and French and Germans, up strong and resolute. Finland has been walked with the workers as they went

the two or three or four flights of stairs the football of neighbor nations through with their lunch baskets over to their to the branch houses. the centuries—Finland, little Finland, employment, and I came to a section

I think of these young men and their the honest little country that pays its of the city, the old section, which has financing chapels which they would debts, Finland that has just paid its war hardly had a broken brick disturbed never inhabit. Down in Heidelberg assessment, not debt, and has just comsince the bomb dust settled, and all of

they were raising the money to build a pleted paying the levy which was asthe ugly terrible things that were there chapel which would be used by the sessed by its eastern neighbors. They ten years ago still remain ghosts of the

local Saints and which they themnever call them by their names; they past.

selves would never occupy. Again at always call them the neighbors. Little The first morning in Berlin we came

Salzburg, Austria, thousands of dollars Finland is on a granite peninsula which to the Charlottensburg Chapel for our were raised by them to match that the glaciers cleaned of its soil and left meeting with the missionaries. We had

which was so generously given by the hard and difficult, but these people, already become somewhat used to the

Church, and another beautiful structure solid and determined, are like the gransight of armless men and legless men is being erected there. Tall, clean ite on which they builded their houses, on the streets. We saw sightless men

handsome, stalwart young men, in Engand they carry on. We found the peoand crutchsupported men and battleland, France, Germany, Austria, even in ple, and especially the members of the scarred men, but we were wholly unAustria where they are now watching Church there, 400 and some odd in prepared for the experience that was to

with great interest the packing of the number, growing and faithful, devoted meet us on the path before the chapel suitcases and trunks by the eastern missionaries among them. when there came running to us a huneighbors. Denmark has its level country, so man form like a derelict at sea. His hair

I bring you greetings from the memlevel in fact that you sometimes wonwas disheveled, his eyes glaring, his bers, 36,000 of them over there, about der if you are seeing a great ocean face unshaved, his clothes in tatters. He

half of whom we saw and to whom liner crossing the land. It does not came shuffling to us almost as much

we bore witness, and many of whose seem that there is water beyond. They like animal as man. He wrapped his

testimonies we heard. We saw them in are a happy, independent people. arms around our feet; he kissed our

all arms, the our hands; he huggedall countries. In these Norway many Britain to over Britain, to went We finally plaintive uttering cry a time and all printhe north, through Oslofrom all into are rolled societies four

fingers his to his eyes spreading over hearts cities. ourcipal Trondhcim At societies been that have whereone—four in cried bars out prison simulate he that little realized as faster abeat we bull, a horse, to a writer likened one by

in prison. anguish, "Six years Today, and Widtsoe's home, Brotherthat was deer: the with Scotsmen a mule, a and

prison."released from wept enemy We little island he over where the flewwe conscientious their thrift their and

as this inside reduced saw human, we he happy born, and knew how wewas with people the loveableness; Welsh

like of tens this being thouwho many is chapel to see the which bewould patriotic intense, devotheir shrewd, of suffered others similar sands had his town. in erected being homenow Irish, their whimsical, tions; the with

fates. peoin found happyHere Norway we personalities; delightful mystical, and

ple, handsome and healthy, too proud then the English with their determinaOther heartaches came in various parts longof the city: old pacing the over petty.to low women be as they were people We flew who sang

trains station see platforms meeting could seaplanes. worn infjords last inch, to the We almost all tion—thebeing bombed

the little fishing villages and the beauty "There will always be an England."and busses, their placards reading,

of the fjords and the mountains. We went to the Netherlands and "Have you seen my boy?"Sometimes

his picture placard, was on the and there. the north strong people They have found to up in Boda, came We

pictures descriptions were in newsand Circle, against the ocean and been fighting in andpart, the Arctic up way there we saw a sign which said, "twentyother elements all their eternities. They papers of lost sons and husbands and

two hours to Los Angeles"over the are wholesome, warmhearted people fathers.

North Pole. In fact, we went so far who take their families with them The husband of one of our own lovely

north that we could almost smell the everywhere they go, even on their bisisters disappeared ten years ago. A

sulphur in the Southern California cycles. Two bicycles will take a famtwenty-five year prison term was meted

smog. ily of four or five or six to Church, to this political prisoner, but for five long

In Narvik the lights went out at 10:30 the beach, riding. They go as families. years the family never knew whether he

every night, according to city ordinance. Belgium is in both the French and lived or died. After five years he was

After our meetings we sat eating the Netherlands missions. Here we located in a prison with twenty more

some refreshments furnished by kind find people much like the French, to years to serve. Now his wife may visit

friends, and the lights went out, but whom I had difficulty at first to get him under guard a half hour each three lines once twenty he may write right and I months; on one, but they grow on close, went hardly knewwe it. We

letters censored. are a month, which people, lovable found sweet, finished evening our and old womeneating and

then went home, and at two o'clock that who loved the gospel as any of our I arose very early one morning in morning, as we prepared to go into mothers love the gospel, and youth who Berlin and walked out to see the ruinsSweden, I read the newspaper outare willing to sacrifice and give themon every hand—across the street, around

doors and then again in the room, withselves to it. (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1955 945 Spencer W. Kimball Continued theirvincing.testimoniesI could haveare spentwarm weeksand withconthem, they inspired me so!

the block, everywhere they were. I Bricks are here We met many families that have

plunged into a sad, reminiscent reverie Broken bricks, been disrupted. One sweet member's

district president husband been the had bricks, fell into theand mood to write it down Pulverized disappeared years ten and had ago and Piled up bricks, covering bones of humans returned typewriter.and to the

since. never never heard found. has been from The May I quote a few lines from my little tenyear-old son about played whojournal: rubble, rubble, Rubble, father's his knees at the time he disapFriday, August 26, 1955: Foundations upended, peared, has been the branch president

Rotting wood, in in place over to a West Germany steel, Twisted since yearsTen the world now war tragedy! they evacuated, been had which and Destruction, fencesHere were around the former grand

is It a fulltime mission. he on devastation, desolation. now Broken fountains, estates

Wire fences, Shattered statues, was my privilege the other day to see

Rusty fences, Creaking shutters that mother and that son together in

Windblown rotting fences, Rusty mail boxes, the Swiss Temple through the blessings

Proud, haughty fences leveled in humiliaRustiness! of a kind soul in America who made it

tion. Ugliness! possible for this woman to go to SwitzerJaggedness! land. I saw the sweet mother and the

Metal gates hanging unkept; creaking hinges. Screaming jaggedness! stalwart son embrace and kiss as they

in Bern, the in holy temple met and squirrels Unmolested scampering, walls, irregularNaked walls, pockmarked they through together went the temple birds twittering Tiny walls, and weeds growing from their for their are waiting endowments and life to back To bring deadness. toothlike stabbing jaggedness;

Green ivy trying hard to cover the nakednow, of course, until they find their or trees, grotesque writhing husbandfather that he know is dead ness of walls so that the rest of the temple work but walls—gapingwith scores of brokenwalls-—absentbricks Walls,apparitions!chimneys, may

still indicating where Persons? Things? Dragons? Disfigured, debe attended to.

things formed walls,Chipped privilege of attending The the my in misery and shame.Grass atop the jagged walls holding brave Slumped temple dedication to a glorious was one: little flowers struggling for existence.

President with feel to the McKay; across corridor the into be We went

inspiration feel, of that to occasion; asThere were too windows, windows, Berlin. feel many to as they came much We

expressed, he has of the nearness those cold, windows, open open to storm and feel, to I think. seemed slamming The

generally sky be to thought who may be of startles a door one. voice one new A farBoardedup windows, to see away; glistening the eyes of has not for disturbs heard the one moBricked-up windows, Saints the all coming these from counis ment. its corridor There the withGlassless windows. tries; to their hear gratitudes; whispered inspections numerous by Americans and

feel to their newly peace. found Some- I Russians. to catch train the went asThere were jagged chimneys skys, piercing said yesterday, one there never should I out,Iron as got of we came bedsteads and out the hanging from chimneys,

Babel. been have a There having been at car pipesPlumbing depot, the like reaching I in into dark, space the heard a

it is a Babel, in reverse now. conThe dragons'claws. strange voice startled It which me.

is of fusion Babel being overcome. The said, "Mr. Kimball. Let see your me trees were FinnsHere the and British, the Dutch and passport travel and permits with the trees for growth, exceptLimbless new the the Germans and French the and translations."I Russian it found was all side, trees leaning, branches oneTall Hollanders, the Scandinavians, Italians, only of the one States United Army trunks, not limbs but with andAmputated all Austrians meeting roof! under one boys, but it coming of out the darkness saw. of All heard voice of them the the shock. quite was a are pointing they armsJagged whom at—at of prophet the Lord. of Everyone them pointing? all held a meeting day the with We

his heard in his message tongue. own to cover trunks climbingVines naked district presidents, a about of hundred

of Everyone heard them the ordinances battered torn limbs broken and and from the them Russian Zone, from of the gospel, the trees. of ordinances the Koenigsberg to down Dresden Leipand

trees, the from ragged shrubs temple, inSmall growing his tongue. own conThe zig. all over the From area they had rugs pianos, rubble once were where is of fusion in Babel reverse. for in this come I meeting, stood and pictures; and so in prevalent hatreds past, the The three hours without interruption exgrowingTrees untended Britishers, are and plaining to melting—French, the doctrines, them the proto spreading cover climbing andVines

all Hollanders, together Germans, and policy, gram, the the of plan the ugliness. Church.

for love other. sure each the I am trying sourness. to sweeten cannot get TheyNature help from the with much

is hatred in nation, the not all gone figures standing out against theGrostesque mission because the mission authorities sky, pointing into space like accusing cannot pass through the iron curtain. but I feel it is greatly reduced among

Saints, fingers. love other, they the hands and each and They can to over come the American

pools, isEmpty sacrifice, is their there devoand and sector in once a while with some pools, a reminderBroken swimming is tion, faith, a faith there great and to of jeopardy themselves. rich. leisure of forgotten luxury and those people. good among thirtyfour day Another mishad we steel,Twisted

Arches without buildings, sionaries from beyond the curtain, wonSo I come home from Europe, after

Doorways without walls derful missionaries, in an allday session six months of glorious experiences with

Porches and doorways, nothing else, porches of testimony and instruction. There the people, with the fine leadership,

and doorways. were twelve young women and twentywith the excellent missionaries, the

Sagging floors, two young men, just like your own sons, faithful servicemen. I come home with

of splinteredCeilings appreciation a deeper for the gospel and quite wood, shattered plaster not so expensively groomed, few hanging like cobwebs. the Church and its people. little cameras, money to spend. Many

Excavations like graves, of them average about $3.40 a month. Nineteen hundred and fiftyfive is an

Excavations which are graves That is what sustains a missionimportant year. If the press of EuExcavations where rodents play and insects ary with the depreciated currency of rope knew what had actually happened

find their homes. East Germany. Thirtyfour dollars in 1955, every paper would have had

Proud estates, quarter blocks, ghost yards, would take care of ten missionaries a screaming headlines and fullpage, spectre houses, all so still. month; a hundred dollars would nearly frontpage articles, about the happenings

Silence, silence, deathly silence take care of the whole mission for a of the year. But we know that when

No playful shouts, no children laugh. month or would sustain one missionary the Father and the Son appeared in

Silent walls, silent houses, silent blocks, through a mission. They do not have 1820, there were no headlines, and persilent death. many luxuries, very few indeed, but haps no newspaper heralded the com946 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ing of the Melchizedek Priesthood to the and will build the Church and the power, we hear the spoken word around world in 1829 or the organization of the kingdom in Europe and train and hold the world, and we are on the way, I

Church in 1830 or the dedication of their children and bring them into the think, even to be able to see around the the temple in Kirtland in 1836. In holy temples in Europe for marriage, world through television; and we are

1955, the priesthood quorums came to the kingdom can grow and prosper, and having planes built that will take us all the missions of the Church, includGod will bless them, and that I know. from here to our temple in Bern and to

ing the European missions; the temple I bear you my testimony, as I express our other operations in Europe between

came to Europe; and the Church came my gratitude upon returning home. I sunrise and sunset. The Lord has proto Europe as it has never come before; bear you my witness that the gospel is vided the necessary means at the right

and now, as we have told the Saints true, it is glorious, it is good, it is time.

in Europe in hundreds of meetings in wholesome, it is divine, and I say this Another identification: The Lord,

many different locations, if the Saints earnestly but humbly in the name of through his prophets, and the Savior in Europe will remain in their lands Jesus Christ. Amen. while he was with the Nephites, said

that there would be a sign given when the Father would undertake to establish his kingdom for the last time among

Sunday Morning, October 2, 1955 the nations.

He said to them when the record of this people comes to your descendants then you may know that the work of the is being Father begun among the earth. nations of the The Rise of the Kingdom

Well, that Book of Mormon came to their descendants, and they have had it for a hundred years. The Lord also

by George Q. Morris said that the time would come for the

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE gathering of Israel—-Israel to this nation,

the land of Joseph, and the Jews to their land in Palestine. NFor a hundred years,

'y dear brethren and sisters: part in events which prophets saw and the gospel has been preached. You or

I thank the Lord for feldescribed centuries ago that the Lord your fathers and mothers have been lowship and association knew would take place; and in my gathered from all the nations of the

i with you in this glorious judgment all that is going on in the earth because you and they are of the conference opened by an world today, with our world wars and blood of Israel. They heard the mes-

J inspiring message from our great movements that seem to be sage of the gospel, and we have been the President of this great Church, and shaking the earth—is being utilized for gathered here to this nation. Signifi-

I think his spirit has penetrated our the consummation of his holy purposes cantly enough, the movement westhearts and permeated all the sessions as he has always done. So we are seeward continued when this great land

of this conference, as the Lord blessed ing the fulfilment of this prophecy of was opened, even in this land, when we him with his spirit and power. Daniel: were driven from the east we moved

is further felt until west, that this conference to the I have have come we of shall in these the the kings days And last in in stand the a the advanceepoch westwardmarking movement new set of heaven a kingdom, up which in the tops of of this of the these God. kingdom Rocky Mountains.ment I Godshall never destroyed; the kingbe and

am sure there have been other conferdom shall not be left, to other people, but There is no place further west to go and ences where splendid reports have come it shall break in pieces and consume all no further need of it, for God has now from various parts of the world, but these kingdoms, and'it shall stand forever. established his kingdom in the tops of

there surely has been no other confer- (Daniel 2:44.) these mountains, and Israel is gathering

ence in the history of this Church where to it.

this identify kingdom? could we How of reported events conditions growsuch have as have because Jews, The the ways. are Mark there Well, many I, in this reported back are goingbeen out ing of World War beenconference—events ancient, the of civilization, from advance thrilled hearts, so rapidly our Palestine, towhich back crowding have and

powers, with whom God for. but, Asiatic questionthere cared is no had that They can hardly be they in my mind

his prophets, advancthrough dealings do. dedicationwith the temple but understand why, and choir do not we

Asia, advancing over ing westward cities,tour planttheir of the are the in Europe, building advancement up westThey westward, always Europe, through ward accelerated, industry, greatly has their developing vineyards, ing beenChurch centuries. for stopped then it was and of find believe to in ourselves in the midst are beginning they andand we

of an formed of ocean miles Thousands I this of in great foretold. cause as touch Christ advancementan Jesus was

this to advancement. Then impediment in inspreading the a City over association earth York way, with an new New great that bridged the time in Lord due I conditions.under mission that there a while was new was

this to discover inspiring gap, Columbus to to to Christianity preach the Jews, this years ago a hundred about Just all of continents greatest this the land, singularly people, the and Jewish outraged driven, mobbed, apeople were all of lands, choicest which the and it of organization was an enough Jews states of the one banishedpeople, from of setting for the reserved up had God to Christianity converted been had of those in theof hope who the Union, established he his which kingdom; on to as able they comprehend were their killing two who—suchbanished this nation giving free them—after this government, believe. and of prophets and Hyrum, Joseph in the country over the mother power I their into establishment, not went in the perish they would years these Revolutionary Duringleaders,God—that War. just to inthey were, knowing who perish. not did wilderness.western We disin before America was Europe I quire something, about then saw and later so our or years a hundredNow all established covered, were kingdoms eviother the Testament and New choir, with members ourPresident and for cencontinued land the over and to ask led that "Are dences them, me are of the Twelve, made of the Quorum turies. Christians?"you visitors in the honored andwelcomed It of kings that in these the time was said, "Yes, Christians."are They we accorded being of world, thenations to estabof this be was kingdom God tell to that you you "Do mean me generheartfelt that and werewelcomes is It interesting to in that lished. note of divinity in the believe Jesus Jews royalty to are given as perhapsous, such the establishment great movements, and Christ?"of people otherand things of distinction—and dominions, two kingdoms and

the Lord will bless those peoples. are very essential: transportation and "Yes, we do."

Why has this occurred? Because this communication. Without those, de- "You believe then that Jesus Christ

is the kingdom of God. Daniel saw this velopments of that kind are not possiwas the Messiah, he whom your fathers

day, and we should realize, and I hope ble. The Lord has taken care of that, crucified?"

our children realize, that we are taking and now as his kingdom advances in (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1955 947 declare it with all its marvelous works

George Q. Morris Continued and wonders. The definition in the

dictionary for "miraculous"is "marvelis exactly that ous, wonderful,"and is further "Yes, do."operation. in we now God May that the describes he the work Lord how

it it. I trial to bless the suffered witness bear hardship and had They and

is latter days, to forth in the a bring difficulty their facing of of calling divine the the Prophet enmityand Joseph work,""strange marvelous and work "a

I of present in glorious people. has one Prophet, paid wasown who Smith—a will his be because a power wonder,"

pricetheir that this the in prophets sent meetings a they paid have where away manifest. made

as that missionary, send the enshrines prophets world deadyoung we woman to bless help us us be and God May missionaries, living destroys ones. in a the where andour way. And to principle doctrine every true and and

sent? being suppose she Shedo you was live to this so bless us of preserve us them, teaching Church, and God May

to their sent being Jerusalem wherewas I live will the that to the gospel world, preach and to them humwe crucifiedfathers Christ, the Lord Jesus it. believe of Christ. the not in People pray bly Jesus wish may name andit—Ipreach thisto bring that the message them

it is they business our to Amen. would—but is Christ of Savior the the Jesussame

world.

The Lord said when these things were happening we would know that he was at work among the nations, that he had set his hand to carry on his work. just Smith, The Prophet Joseph

three years of evil before the powers A Testimony finally so gathered around him that they took his life, made this prophecy. It is

in the famous Wentworth letter of 1842, having Mr. Wentworth asked him for the Children

to supply information of and something the doctrines that might be published concerning the history of our people. by S. Dihvorth Young

After he had outlined the history and OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY persecution of the people, before setting forth our beliefs in what we now call our Articles of Faith, he prophesied: "ast evening President Richand say it, that he knows that Jesus is

feelSpirit Christ. referred ards some the bears the the with For PM missionaries forth going are differto Our

it to to ing to witness, that the children everyone and and comes nations,ent in Palestine, and Germany,

j it. desires to in truth j the grandchildren the and Australia, Holland, Indies, the EastNew

I is if of think that greatgrandchildren, the great message j who other places; the ofand Standard Truth has * -<—i

is forcarry himself. the to Smith Church Joseph was only erected; Hebeen stop no unhallowed can hand

the work from progressing; persecutions may ward, must somehow catch the great fourteen years of age, and he walked into

rage, mobs may combine, armies may asmessage from their parents and go forhis mother's home one morning and semble, calumny may defame, but the ward when the torch is tossed to them. said, "Mother, I have learned for mytruth of forth, will boldly, nobly, go God I self like is true."to that should Presbyterianism not spend few moments my

till it independent,and has penetrated if is I in talking to of going children them, Well, not each our the have might every continent, visited clime, every swept Spirit of receive to the Lord. as vision a such Smith Joseph country,every in ear, sounded and every

I received, to like should to but Lori speak the each whishave can andtill the of purposes shall be accomGod to to Park, just pering, to Charlotte as to each Annette, and and can knowplished the shall and say, Great Jehovah the work is done. (D. H. C. TV -540.) Jack, to Brook, to Becky, and to Kirk, surely, no matter what his age. He

to Joan, to Norma, and to Ann, to does not have to grow to be an adult

I bear my humble witness that that Suzette, and to Carol Gay, and to Don, to have this knowledge.

prophecy is of God and that this is the to Dale, and to LeGrand, and to Henry I can remember when I was a small kingdom of God that Daniel saw the and to David—I could go on and on child at the Lowell School up on D

Lord set up, never to be given to other and on naming the children, some of Street and Second Avenue. Four of us

people; that angels have visited the whom are listening this morning, and boys were gathered in the corner by the

earth and restored the Holy Priesthood, many of whom are in Sunday School. school fence, two of us were Latterday

without which the kingdom of God has Some of them, when given opportuSaints, and two of us were not. The

never been in the earth, and never can nity, would arise to their feet and say two who were not were baiting the two be in the earth; and God is carrying something like this: "I believe the gosLatter-day Saints. One of them (it

on this work; and the miraculous things pel. I believe that Joseph Smith was was not I, although I might have had

referred to by Elder Petersen yesterday a Prophet."And then they qualify it the courage to do it) turned on these

are part and parcel of the kingdom of by saying, "I do not know yet that it other boys and said, "Well, we have

God. Unless we can accept the superis true, but I believe it."I desire to the truth, and you haven't, and that

natural, which means the power of say something to them concerning this is all there is to it."And that is all

God, we cannot accept salvation in the qualifying statement, and I should like there was to it, too. He did not know

kingdom of God, and we do not believe to say it in simple language so they why he knew it, but he did know it.

in the Lord Jesus Christ. We do not can understand. He was going to learn why later. All

believe that the gospel is the power of The power to bear testimony, the children will learn to understand that

God, if when the power of God is maniability and the feeling of being able to whispering someday, and only by that fest to bring it to us, we reject it and say that one knows that Jesus is the whispering can you children, wherever deny it. Christ and that the restoration of the you be, know that Jesus is the Christ.

This is the Church and kingdom of gospel has come through the hands of You may pile up evidence and knowlGod. I bear my humble witness to it. Joseph Smith, comes entirely by the edge, but only by that spirit will you

His power is here for the salvation of power of the Holy Ghost. That power know it.

the world. Would to God they would does not come through any education Now the spirit does not always whisbelieve and join with us in advancing or through any special preparation on per. Sometimes it leaves one, and then

this kingdom over the earth, for there the part of the recipient in earthly one is left to his own resources. Then

is no power under heaven, or ever will things, but rather it whispers into the enters free agency. I should like to say

be, except the gospel of Jesus Christ heart of the one who wants to know, to my children, my grandchildren and and the kingdom of God, that will and once whispered and once underyours, that you can be determined to bring universal peace and happiness to stood, that person may stand and say as know about this thing by your own the children of men, and that process surely as I or anyone else may stand desire. You do not have to take some948 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

one's else word about it. Say to yourwhere along the line, each young man ney Rigdon and others who were makselves, "I know that this is so. I believe will be given the priesthood. And ing claim, but that the Prophet had

it, and I am going to abide by it."then he will have a chance to practise given to him and his fellows in the

As you get that determination and say the power which will eventually take Twelve the power of God to carry on it, somehow the spirit will reenter into him into the presence of our Heavenly this work. There sat in that audience,

you and fortify you in it. Father. You will not know much about my young friends, those who were full

There will be times when the spirit it at first, for it will be evidenced by of faith, and the Lord manifested to will not come to you. Here are some such simple acts as the passing of the them through a miracle that what

evidences which eventually will grow bread when the sacrament is adminPresident Young said was true, for he into your hearts until they will sustain istered in honor of our Lord and Savior. appeared unto them to be the very

you when the spirit is not present. Later on you will be able to baptize, Prophet Joseph himself, and his voice

There is the evidence which you will and, too, you will be able to lay on sounded like the Prophet. They knew

gain from the Book of Mormon. When hands for the reception of the Holy by that sign that he spoke truth.

you read that book, it will be an eviGhost, and after that you will be able But there also sat in that audience dence to you. Coupled with it will be to administer to your own sick. And those who did not, and who did not

evidences found in the ancient Old still you will not know what that power want to believe, and who were critical.

Testament of how the Lord dealt with is. Finally you will feel it, and you will They saw and heard nothing, and they

his ancient people. You will discover learn, when you become old, that evendid not believe, and they apostatized.

that it is very similar to the way he tually it will take you into the presence Of those who believed, you in this dealt with those in the Book of Morof your Father in heaven. audience are their descendants. Those

mon. The pattern of the New TestaDetermination does it, my young who did not believe, where are they?

friends. are that determined to for will Be you you, evidence be anment is It everyof right privilege the and

to get into these is goinglike evidences your pattern that the today Church tiny, to or halfgrown, one, grownup, hearts, to it pray that theestablished. and then Lord will read There and you Spirit President that the the by know

it. Spirit will give of the the hetake Holy you comfort from President today, of this David Church Ghost. to You, get old you enough when is of Living prophet a the McKay, O.

will evimore will to them, gainunderstand have One able be prophets, are his that Counselors thing—you God,

Spirit. of of thegreat whispering dence the comfort of from the books Moses of of the that the the members Quorum

will of testimony others hear borne revelations of You the byand the Abraham, prophets. are the Patriarch and Twelve

sits this there that stand great, to inspired willLord one on men. These who rest sustain of of All the us should

is of not only President thegive the assurance. renewed Church Archaeoyou offices their so that they in holy them

is is, butlogical of the the Living Prophet discovery, that digging in the who fordirect the work, can can and we into evidence God. can That to of findancient borne be evidences mounds

it their direction. under ward hearts your matter of there, young no you lived kind will peoplewhat how

further your belief, because slowly but are, that the Lord has seen to it that That testimony every man, woman, surely, as these evidences come forth, his power has been carried forward from and child may know, not by any knowlthey bear their silent, dusty witness of the days of Joseph Smith. edge that comes from books, but by the

the truth of the gospel. Let me give you an example of what whispering of the Spirit of the Holy

One of the most noble witnesses and can happen to you. Brigham Young Ghost.

one of the most assuring and convincstood up one day in the early history I would that I were as simple as a ing witnesses is the lives of your own of this Church and told the assembled little child, so that I might have as simparents. Watch them live, watch how people that the Lord, through the ple a testimony as has a child, but I

the gospel touches their hearts and Prophet Joseph Smith, had put upon do know that these things of which I makes them gentle and kind. That is his shoulders and those of the Twelve, have spoken are true, I bear witness of

the surest evidence that it is a power the kingdom; that they were to bear it them humbly in the name of Jesus

beyond any earthly conception—its on, and it was not to be done by SidChrist. Amen.

effect upon the lives of your own folk and those you see around you who are trying to work righteousness.

Another evidence, as you get older, will be the evidence you will see in the effort of the Church to help its ownthrough the welfare program. Such Be True to the Faith

altruistic things can come only from those who want to practise and believe the truth. This great evidence will by Ezra Tap Benson

its get as to you witness youalso bear it; to OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE as go take part inolder you and

the cannery or as you go to weed the beet fields and help harvest the peas. IY beloved brethren and It became necessary to attend an imThose evidences will come to you besisters and friends: I portant cabinet meeting in Washington

cause of your work and your actions thank God for that stiron Friday and to stop in Denver en in that program. ring Mormon hymn route to Salt Lake City.

Then, of course, you are going to have which we have just sung. I would like to say to you, my broth-

a great deal of pleasure and fun, but ["For the Strength of the ers and sisters and friends, that I am you are going to see the evidence of Hills."] very happy to report, based on that visit

the auxiliary programs of the Church. In deep humility I stand before you and on a telephone conversation five

How they touch your lives, starting this morning. I seek an interest in your minutes before this session began, that

with childhood and taking you through faith and prayers, and the blessings of the President of the United States conto adulthood, giving you ideals and our Heavenly Father, that I might have tinues to make excellent progress. He

knowledge of how to handle yourselves his Spirit to sustain me. has been informed of the spontaneous

and your companions, how to be happy This is a great honor, a sobering reprayers that have ascended to our Heavand joyful, and how to enjoy that porsponsibility, and a sacred privilege. I enly Father in the sessions of this great

tion of the gospel, for the gospel is a thrill with this great conference and the conference, and more particularly the happy thing. And the Mutual Improvemessages that have been given. Alprayer which was offered in his behalf

ment Associations and the Sunday though I will have to get part of the by the General Authorities of the

School and the Primary will contribute messages through the written word, I Church as they surrounded the sacred evidences within your ability to underam very grateful to the Lord that I was altar in the temple in fasting and prayer stand if you will but heed. able to attend part of the meetings yeson Thursday. Knowing the President

And finally, not finally but someterday and to be here this morning. (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1955 949 twentysix members of the priesthood.

Ezra Taft Benson continued Then there followed one of the best demonstrations of the spirit of the wel-

I fare this that think program Church ofas in conditions great a viewing the good and man mind my man—a district affords: the called president The

I existedfaith that there he on an deep know went and when spirituality—I Saints together brought such they and

all to to in express to the within response mission emergency wantwould me as food, clothing they bedding, and for First call gratitude voice of in his Presidency's con1946, sound andthe my it at feet of salvage could the put and faith ditions others as prayers as havethe been and which saw and them we district for distribution presidency the this ofoffered. the recent tour on saw them

acof the the among Church members

I visit of brethchoir past the the other deeply impressed the been have and to need. cording

spirit, of in years the temple. dedication ren the the With growth andfew

still this fresh experience While was of Surely blessedfellowship, the brotherhood has heaven and which God at in minds, our the meeting were we of to the those in people counin the be Church. evidence Europe andseems of city of Saints the the with Heme

It tries. I for three impossible past years almost the beenFor have seemed

for battered their industrial area Ruhr realize to intraveling that approximately 1946, while one hundred me first district after war. conference the

year. of traveling everyover miles miles, 60,000 Almostthousand each most

in old being meeting held an was The it I I greeted planes planes gone have have been army unheated bywhere—I reschoolhouse. do not bombedout

either jeeps, of bucket the with Church,by members some and seats—in call exactly people were how many

it of at inat or airport the railway coaches and wooden on meetings—which several there but hundred. were

of to obligated notthey were army Europe was much attend—and trains—that set for the eleven meeting had there,We of in there expressions love spiritual colcomplete werealways economic and

to o'clock to in give order time them it lapse; prayers confidence to in almost beimpossible seemed andand my of distances the long walk them many interesthalf, realize of expression the that an about, and change had and come of to carrying come, some had them

ofpride in the the are comforts in that available the growth Church now in there babies arms were because no

I Iall also entirely believe absent world. were the then. have which Then public available, conveyances most and there faith of stations increased evidence railway that werefound were and of or their bicycles out had them worn

blasted,devotion. schedules that and bombed

to parts. repair get unable were

is it It irregular to quite appropriate, were seems and undependable, whole me, district presidency arranged, had The cities laid in reference waste, servicethat has disrupted, been made and much cooperation, our special surprise with a business paralyzed. tothis in everything conditions conference Europe Now for the congregation that morning. From in to great events that seems the be sleeping taken haveand more order—no they obtained old somewhere had an straw in living rations. there recent or the dedibedsplace on months: on "K"radio they placed which under had of Everything at thecation Bern; peacepromising the seems breaktemple and corner cover in of building. one the At

ful. for in ofing a ground Engtemple new certain service, in a that moment which of a people possible the tooland; have The announcement changed—no I forget, shall of that controls never the shivering cold;third temple. evimore with no more radio Stuttgart, to were turned Radio of to malnutrition; Reference dence the has Eurobeen people no made more station the radio operAmerican army poorly of of choir, rags; faith clothed tour the in the thepean and no more ated a by serviceman, and Mormon weSaints, blessings starving people, they hungry the especially and and which strains of heard the Tabernacle Choir

little children. onlyenjoy today a great few compared streams with more No float over in the out that audience

of just refugees ayears ago. short decade the roads crowding ago—-yes, country stirring beautiful pioneer song, and

I all their very grateful to earthly President with belongings on McKay am Saints.""Come, Ye Come,

their of backs; other Presithe great the of noand hordes members more

"the After second number, "O My I inSister displaced persons, families thatdency Benson were broken, peoand

I Father,"there sung, think been had ple to gloriousvited that frustrated, discouraged, attend dedication bewildered, a not in dry adults eye the was among

I I at sick heart! Switzerland. Yes, Bern,in there think have has a come

I that audience. before an saw me life all I veil felt great in quite the change, thatnever thank and my God literally tears audience to melted

it as his blessingsso this three thin ago weeks have been was showered upon the singing through of hymns Mormon sesthose as in nations, the particularly opening those thatmorning met we if It choir. our great all by as seemed in suffered of that service dedication sosion that have of because much of the cares suffering those Saints were

II. in oflovely the Lord, spot the house World War forgotten that morning. during Even

I to like listened offered to the as prayer thisand would mention we mornthe thirtyminute lunch period—when just ing illusthe President simple remarks experience to oneby and McKay

for the most item lunch was common trate prayer. Surely not preceded only that the changes thatwhich have he

little of mixture a cracked grain a and all inspired, surely about, of were also but the and come somethingwas we as to water the feed such used baby we influence ofuplifted convinced the beyond and and any power and music during the lunch period chicks—even I of that action the taken a Choir. Tabernacle the doubtshadow have wanted talked of their they exblessings and First to relate in this to Presidency extending the the Choirby Tabernacle

pressed for gospel. their gratitude the

I into ever benedicsince returned. the Europetemples had though Even

left as after that evening Then we alltion of I this are approval they not our Heavenly here and morning, session, the expressecond the common I it. gloriforget shall thatFather. to never want mention

as sion was, goodbye, bade them we it event! the immostous was To me will recall of the the accounts You is gut, all "All Brother Benson."Well, that in transpired eventportant has of city that of great bombing Hamis surely. the good coming now With in years 118 since the gospelEurope burg, city, great a a great proud and restothe of temples, the with material

I first to shores. taken thosewas am industrial center. there went we When ration that countries, to has those come officialgrateful to that the Lord my it if in of the as spring 1946, seemed I is a with and deepened hope what that to dediduties permitted attend me city the a shambles. There whole was interest in spiritual which matters—tocation, in a almost miraculous manner, rubble. nothing were but was There will great contribute in temple

it for postthe not beenbecause had streetcars lines operating, no no bus will too a there hope be themeasure—I I of probably a wouldponement week all services Everything broken. were spirgreat interest increased in things I think, opportunity. thenot have had I to to pieces. be broken seemed As itual, those prethat nations might be that thePresident postponeMcKay, city they that estimated the remember in peace. served in part to an answerment was my destroyed. seventy percent over was A

bless those peowonderful God Mayprayers. planes thousand swooped had down

plewill recipients of blessthe be who I city after night. that Naturally deeply impressed with night was upon Durthe contrast between conditions in Euing one terrible night—and I heard the ings of the temple, provided they prefor blessings those themselves by in there 1946rope account of our pare last and from I was when many

I gospel. living sincerely the hope And I faithful find as terribleconditions now. we one them firsthandSaints—during they, also that not only but and pray off five in night going of our six places back of meeting memory, beenhave

and on ever since the dedication, rewere destroyed. We lost, as I recall, (Continued on page 952)

950 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 158x 01322 187x

kh.

The young adult That special child Mother and you're proud of will never forget the "grownup"Dad deserve the best—

will always cherish this fine thrill of "a Bible of my own."a beautiful Large Scofield Bible

Handy Scofield. French Morocco, The Sheldon Bible, with new bound in hand grained Morocco.

limp, leather lined, gold edges, helps, new type, illustrations and Half circuit, leather lined, gold

Concordance. % "thick. Black or maps. Imitation leather, limp. edges, Concordance. Choice of 6

Red. $15.00 $4.00 colors. %"thick. $22.00

02289x 72 VJhhek,/,.: \-\;3#*

Oxford Bibles

Your boy % wt& yeni gwo Any in service can carry this compact, tms Christmas? will beBibledelightedstudentto work thin Concordance Bible with ws with this easyto-read Large

him wherever he goes. Mosize edition of the Scofield

rocco, leather lined, black and Reference Bible. Moroccoette,

4 colors. thick. $13.00 limp, IVs"thick. $7.75 OnlyW

01530xj 03385x 1 22

bishop He doesn't Your needs a loose leaf reference Bible. THE PILGRIM BIBLE have everything Morocco, leather lined, India is perfect for a beginning stuwithout a fine desk Bible. Polpaper. $35.00 Scofield editions in dent. Simple, samepage notes

ished Morocco, Ultrathin Oxford Morocco at $35.00, and in longand helps, background data, inIndia paper. 3 colors. Text Bible wearing Vinyl at $22.50 dex and maps. On Bible paper or

01530x $16.50; Scofield ConOxford India paper, from $5.00

cordance Bible 280x. $25.00 AT YOUR BOOKSELLERS to $18.00.

CkfoMAmericas Gift Biufe since 1675

OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS. Inc.. 114 Fifth Avenue, New York II

DECEMBER 1955 951 Ezra laft Benson Continued ofcovenants.the church,By andso doingto be wetruenotto onlyour

guarantee and safeguard our own future exaltation, salvation our and and all of us will everywhere, that that all make merit things the we good may will to also but the safeguard tend we preparation that enjoy the that we said us, been may have that about and asof future our descendants and own richest blessings to things known and more good accurately men be might to a sure greater extent our much own in this are world tied saidwomen which in us future. about the

fields, success in our matter chosen no with the sacred I ordinances up blessis realize and alert. that the devil He fields be. those might what ings of the is I of temples is God. the this of While work. enemy the He I it said think that was Nephi who recognize that are there Saints all I of righteousness, enemy many and know the there time would come would when still are is isolated willwho clever, be that and he that takes who he never

for a to be tendency people become unable, probably, to a temples, reach the holiday. is overtime. works He He pacified; lulled they be would away this I in I ingenious. movement Europe which will confident deam he am false into security; a there be would sure inspiration vise was will to under fight this made ways work. new We those at in ease Zion, be would who bring the closer to temples thounot just may many those know form what

is saying, all prospers, "Zion well"; and of sands our Father's children. will schemes take, but must be we that devil the their souls cheat would vigilant. still I those are isolated To who may lead hell. carefully to and them down I President thought, McKay, very this: say In if judgment humble my (See 2 28:21.) Nephi last wisely said night that opshould live to continue the you gospel and I think alert to the need be we on position the best for come us to way keep the commandments, keep and to that today see that not does happen it is live to meet to false prove false any yourselves pure unspotted and from the I in the Church. occasion had many accusations. all I heart With enworld, the in will Lord my some make way last this times tour on through Europe, dorse that sentiment. to thatup you to which you seem be I as before, to have had the thank

is it losing real brothers danger, there But because not possible be my may for of Lord the Wisdom. Word Many

is sisters. for real that to to danger There and go the you temple. will You the conversations were regardhad we

let this period not during be deprived of blessings down may we which ing the particularly Church, those and it lives as guard, thatyour were; merit. be our we may wife at as sat had, good dinmy we to join the with tempted world and

it ners, etc., sisters, luncheons, brethren to Now, and and came my much their against of adopt standards some said their attention been that has did regarding not drink the attitude of we the been which have warned by we etc. liquor, the world smoke, toward the kingImmediately they Church and

I is this Lord. true think particularly of to It are part. which a wanted the aboutdom more Church, know we seems

field. social in the there recently Only if as it there have accepted, always as and been we were, was commendation to that attention fact the a came my for the world. of standards. praise, our by once Never Much was much of group wives, of young women, some of there commendation, any embarrassment. favorable there Always many comare in the whose husbands employed in feeling a the of pressments gratitude was elsewhere thanksand and have of of States the government United and giving at been part regarding the on our the of made in end the Church certain attained a had amount men who years. recent or I Sister evening day of because the Benson standards and were

fields, of in their respective prominence delighted as of the which traveled officially heaven has we God provided less or that concluded had more who six in histhrough countries of Church. Europe. We to in order accepted world, in be the by delightedwere to find as visited This we the was matter same no how their order that get husbands might officialswith of agrigovernments the and high station of officials the with in world, the ahead they have would cultural leaders, of in prominence, I it men met. alto say we you, whom And let little to just in stand- a their downdinners receptions, and in and informal will true ways of of be goodwill, men ards. concluded they had They wouldmeetings, that everywhere there of character. was men Latterday Saints As to cocktails serve coffee in have andfavorable regarding the comment let afford cannot to Church we standour down their friends homes came. when its people. and ards, to Many, refuse were to live the many gospel the com-

I testify to to you, want brothers myconversations pletely held regarding fully. we the and

sisters, to particularly and and the itsChurch and program. sisus, bless brethren and God my

of young married this couples Church, ters, that a continue peculiar we may I But like to raise this would warnis that conclusion a such not only unas people, saints said Peter of of theing, brothers sisters. this In and my it is wise unjustified, also and but old. referred to as peculiar a them Heperiod of apparent feeldangerous to lead can heartonly and goodwill—good people. are So conwe, and may weing the it toward seems ache loss of Church—when disappointment and a and so. tinue priestthe hold we May who if as have great obstacles no we any faith. confident that more I am now of forto step hood unafraid be God asmore once there had, we should be is ever before, possibly, for than time a provide leaderand righteous ward thedeep concern. In in judgment, the my to live us to gospel, the keep the comis ship necessary in which our various is ofhour success our greatest our danto mandments, every maintain standard fields is of activities! for a time Thisger. is this apparently And of an hour

great success. No more persecution demonstration, my brethren of the

persecution which once tended to drive priesthood, to let the world know someus together and make us united! Now thing of the fruits of Mormonism, someseem to bewe the accepted by world. CHRISTMAS MORNING thingsomethingof theoftestimoniesour faith whichand weour bear,deit disunity? WillWill it mean mean

that we will rest on our laurels and By Eva Willes Wangsgaard termination to live the gospel.

sit back, as it were, and think that all Yes, let us do what is right, and is well in Zion? I think there is real CIn December's immaculate finger, we shall have no occasion to worry. I

for pure wear, Too a world to testify all with soul this to you in this period, that perioddanger my blue of This white Christmas morning this is in work arepraise which engaged we commendation. and happy I am Is like solitaire. set a

truth. thefor it, has again provided that spoken God from be careful, we we

be on our guard. The praise of the December is dressed for her wedding the heavens. His work is upon the

world will not save us. It will not In taffeta crisp and white. earth. Joseph Smith was in very deed

exalt us in the celestial kingdom. Only Her veil is laced with snowflakes a Prophet of God. The same power

the living of the principles of the gosCaught up in a wreath of light. and authority which he bore is now in

pel will bring us salvation and exaltathe hands of President David O.

like flows happiness Andtion. so I lamplight McKay. that our performhope And

of each Out door, opened in living will theance gospel equal be help to realize us facts these God and of the Star Lit by David to the the praise commendation and to the heed counsel great of our leader Shining forevermore.

we are receiving, that our performance and those who serve as leaders in the will at least equal our reputation, and priesthood everywhere, I ask in the we have a good reputation. God grant name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

952 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA * <n r is Kin,

fplg And KSL Radi

Entertainment King

in the Mountain West

mfcmdbM

DECEMBER 1955 953 We have a good many agencies that are supposed to supplement the efforts of the parents, brethren and sisters, but

Sunday Afternoon, October 2, 1955 itcanseemsneverto escapeme thatthefathersresponsibilityand mothersfor this instruction.

So it behooves us to live to be worthy

For Time and Eternity ofourselvesit. If ofwe thehaveopportunitynot alreadytoavailedbring

our lives into conformity with the standards of the gospel so that we can by Antoine R. Ivins avail ourselves of that privilege, what

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY examplechildren? do Wordswe set fallas aflatlessonwhento theyour

do not show in the example of the parents the value of the teaching.

!Y BRETHREN AND SISTERS: I is content with receiving his own enSo I believe that is where we ought

sincerely seek an interest dowments realizes the full possibilities to begin, brethren and sisters, and there in your faith and prayers, that the temple offers him. He only are many of us who can take it to

that what I shall underwho takes a wife into the temple and heart. I am sure there is a wonderful

take to say in the next is sealed to her for time and all eternity percentage of people who make every few minutes may be dican ultimately attain to the tremendous possible effort to magnify their calling rected by the Spirit of our Heavenly and wonderful blessings that are held and obligation, but there are many

Father and may be delivered in a spirit out as an inducement for righteous livothers of us who do not. We let jealof love and fellowship, for I love the ing. That seems to me to be the subousy and hatred and other things enter

work of the Lord, and I love his people; lime and supreme distinction between into family relationships which disrupt

I love to work with them. the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday them and disturb them, resulting too

I have been interested in this conferSaints and all other religious denominafrequently in the dissolution of the ence, especially interested in the many tions. union, and all of that is not right,

references that have been made to the During the last year, 1954, and this brethren and sisters. It is not right,

foreign missionary work and to the year up to the present, as we have and it behooves us as fathers and mothnewly completed temple in Switzerland. ministered among the stakes of Zion, ers to set the example and then give

Those references have caused me to rethere has been placed in our hands an the instruction. That instruction should

flect upon the purposes of temples. We item, a statistical item relative to the be subtle. It should be attractive. It

have had some instruction already as numbers of people who avail themselves should be convincing.

to why we build them. It seems to of this grand and glorious privilege. I Then to supplement the efforts of the

me that so far as a newly erected temhave kept account of the stakes I visited father and the mother, we have the ple is concerned, perhaps its major purlast year and this. Last year there were bishopric of the ward. We had a wonpose would be to take care of the living, reported 1811 marriages in the stakes derful film on the responsibility of a

because I believe the accommodations that I visited, and I was surprised to bishop the other night. There have

of those already existent would take learn that less than half of them were been bishops in the Church who have care of the vicarious work that we have consummated in the temple, a fifth of seen and used the opportunity that is available at the present time. So this them involving people who were not theirs to instruct their young people

newly erected temple is likely to be members of the Church. when they approach marriageable age

beneficial formost living the of people in the of celestial advantages and is It I astonishing an thing. ratherEurope. They have never the had who eternal is marriage. There, again, the feel to regard that as unsatisfactory an

ofexperience in an the endowment I closest contact believe that have we percentage. There be people may who before,temple will receive a wonderful in to the efforts Church supplement the it is think all perhaps that could beuplift their in spirituality as enjoy they of fathers the the mothers. and And I expected, I not. but do think that wethis rare wonderful privilege and which if fathers and mothers bishops and and strive to ought to increase that peris to given us in the of temples God. auxiliary associations should combine centage, then and once you up make

The priesthood has for its purpose your mind that that should be an inin a serious effort to teach this truth, I integrating into the lives of people the centive and an objective, the question believe we could make it so attractive ordinances and the benefits of the gosthen is: Where are you going to start that the evils which befall many of our

pel of Jesus Christ. The greatest and to bring about an improvement? young people would cease to be attractive to them, they and develop would all of of blessings these suprememost

It of that to the teachduty seems me in a strength their youth which would administration the to through uscomes are people ing approaching marwho carry all through their them lives future of inof the priesthood temples the God celesriageable age, the of advantages in service honorable to our God, Heavthis in place other were and noand first, tial eternal marriage, and and enly Father, in living. righteous and benefits to limited the the templenew

is I parents. always, the with Then

its erection in mortality, receivepeople it? will what about do Now we We parents not wonder have how who administration be amply wouldand it, cannot ourselves dream into brethof availed privilege that themselves and

justified, benefits of these the but sisters, if ren and single and any one live their as so to impress hardly who carried are theyordinances when is finds here today who opportunity, of desirability perthe children with are their not to ultimate end,through start he should at action correct to once the petuating relationship, marriage can penetrate mortality. tolimited They life his it and for appropriate make the I to children. expect so their impress

eternity, veil mortalitythe between and realization of these glorious grand and sisto decide, brethren have come and are past people advantagesgiving which principles privileges. and ters, is start the that place to not with

are Really, they so understanding.our

folk, folk, old the the with but young greatest result The of is living such stagger that they wonderfulsublime and fathers to get of the mothers and young the of union a a for and man woman imagination.our fully to people appreciate the advaneternity, time and sealed the by Holy

In the Doctrine and Covenants we are tages, the wonderful advantages of celesSpirit of Promise, with the power of told that any man who can attain to tial marriage, and then to present to eternal increase, an attribute of Godthe magnification of all of his duties in their growing children an example hood. "... all that my Father hath

Priesthoodthe Melchizedek and marriage, would which will make a marriage shall be given unto him"84:38) (D &C

ofwill for eternity, attractive to the ultimately attain powers to them. is the promise to the made who man

God. If the parents do not do it, where ceives and magnifies the priesthood. reNo man who goes into a temple and can we lay the responsibility for it? God bless you. Amen.

954 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA forChristmas with sugar 0-J For holiday baking and candy making, you'll want the whole family of U and I Sugar one- -: ffiff*

pound cartons on your shelf: Brown, Fine

Granulated, Superfine Dessert, and Powdered.

DECEMBER 1955 955 of faith. The men these days who are

searching for a cure against polio have been following the lead of faith these many years. A neighbor of mine devotes his entire life and plans to dedicate his life to the search for something

that will prevent the hardening of the The Faith Which arteries. It is faith that prompts men

to move toward their coveted goal always. Really, it is faith that prompts

the thought that there is a better life Impels to Action a teacher to try to inspire students with ahead.

I wish I had the magic to give to the by Adam S. Bennion teachersothers, theof ourpreciousown schools,formula andthatto wasall

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE given to me when first we went east to go on with advanced training. My

mother, who had had none of it, said, "All right son, get all of it you can."

| his has been a stirring conferAmong the stirring things of this conThen she gave me a farewell message ence, my brethren and sisters, ference is the living evidence here tothat has rung in my ears ever since:

and I trust that the few minday of Thomas E. McKay and Bishop "Get all the learning you can, son, but

utes I may occupy I may Joseph L. Wirthlin. They have been don't ever let it destroy your faith."

catch its spirit in the prayer so critically ill that man's power alone God bless her for that admonition.

that uttered was Faith of the Scriptures this session. ginning of Weat havethe beal- themcould tonevergive thehavewitnessmade theyit possiblehave givenfor The

ways had beautiful music at these sesin this conference. I. Now, in these brief minutes I am

sions. Today's singing was music at The other night as I read into the going to lead your thinking to the faith

its best. While this group of mothers Book of Mormon, I turned to the book of the scriptures. I think I shall beg

sang, I looked over the brethren down of Ether, wherein is this remarkable leave to print in the interest of time.

below, and I think I got a new meanpassage: There are wonderful passages. As a

ing to the Eighth Psalm: matter of fact, the more I read the scripWherefore, believeth in whoso might God tures, the that more the impressed I am

surety is for better hope a world, yea, art that man, of with thou What mindful great is echo scriptures through the an a place at the right even of thehim? and that son visitest God, hand which thou of man, of faith of echo love obediand and of faith, of hope cometh tohim? maketh anchor an

the three put you of them ence. When souls of men, which would make them For thou hast a little lower the him made

for great a you have formula sure and steadfast, in always. abounding good together, angels. thethan 8:4-5.).. (Psalm

works, being led to glorify God. (Ether 12:4.) proofreading all the experiences of life.

first they that sang song, When those faith, For receive it in who and of the As I pondered meaning an Pray,"Children reminded I was"When righteousness, shall receive of a crown is work anchor, impressed that faith I wasof little of the experience the fellow, eternal life. (See & C 20:14.) D It is anchor. thing a wonderfultwoand-a-half, sitting at the that who was

to be to the truth of anchored Almightytable and asked was to say the blessfaith is the substance of things hoped Now faith through bids God whiching. his us to for, crossed the of hands over evidence He had seen. things not

his eyes, said the author, "The better know that he lives. But faith is more For by it the elders obtained a good report.

to peek through,"and then offered his than an anchor. As a matter of fact, Through faith we understand that the

if I for a have worlds these theme the minutes, were framed few by of God, wordprayer, understandable to his only mothit so that things in are centers seen not which were the of faith the thought other. one sure this I amer—and of things appear. which do (Hebrews impels to us action. Faith is a madechoir has spirit us into brought of which the 11:1-3.) thing. dynamic Faith adventurous is an understands. whoHim

term. is It to an I honor follow the leadership life love to story read of the and

I of so a couple impressed was muchof this First great to Presidency of and of and Nephi, Abraham both and of declaration the nights with agolabor in the fellowship of Brethren the echo sentiment. them my same little great shortstop the Reese, PeeWeeof the Authorities. General eviThe of (In case Brooklyn the Dodgers. anyfaith called By of this he Abraham, I conference,dence when was think, must the get did the not during one word to into out go place after a should which he to allbe convincing of that you they

today, the hour Dodgers noon won for receive inheritance, an obeyed; he and strong,are I devoted give men. you in this will again.*) out, went remember You not went. whither knowing he witness that are they ofmy God. men (Ibid., 11:8.) first series, taken the the Yanks had two

As we walked out of the morning sesgames, and historically the record sion, I shook hands with Sister John seemed to indicate that no team which Read 1 Nephi, chapters 2 and 3, the

A. Widtsoe, the wife of the man whom ever lost the first two games ever came glorious experience of Nephi, who be-

I had the honor to follow into this quoback to take the series. So the comlieved he could get the plates from

rum. As we threaded our way through mentator asked PeeWee Reese what he Laban, against the doubt of his brother,

the narrow lane that is prepared down thought of that. Laman, who was sure he could not.

there in the great crowd that gathers "Well,"said Reese, "I know what the Read those two chapters to find the around the car of our President, Sister record is, but sometime it ought to be power of faith and the emptiness of

Widtsoe said, "The soul of people hunbroken, and I believe we have the team doubt and disbelief.

I for ideal."gers an of faith kind was impressed that in I have mind that this

that be that prompts hunger same that year to do it."—I do not want to is Thethe kind leads alwaysit may into works. be partisan.

us to believe in God. There are so many As a matter of fact, faith exists in I am mindful of James'injunction,

is toevidences, the that mystery not me It field activity. of is faith—it

as in believe Ballard but God, maymen is risks everything everyconfidence—that for faithButwithoutwilt thouworksknow,is dead?O vain(Jamesman,2:20.)that of wrote, great miracle "theonce manprice. great scientist of pearl the The

kind is the miracle of unbelief."watching the test tube does it in terms Yea, a man may say, Thou hast faith,

Dinmore has put it beautifully: "If *Aher losing the first two games of the World and I have works: shew me thy faith withSeries ever the to the three God,no Yankees, Brooklyn York help had come from out works, I will won thy New and shew thee my

straight games. following Bennion's Elder day The faith (Ibid., works. to prayimpulse 2:18.) died out have would by my address again, the Brooklyn Yankees but won won

long ago."the seventh, and concluding game. (Continued on page 958)

956 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

You're missing all the excitement of Top Car Performance.

if you've missed trying

: HI::i """"'

Super Gasoline

JIM, AFTER TWO TANKFULS OF CONOCO \

SUPER WITH TCP, THAT OLDTIMER YOU'RE DRIVING WILL GIVE YOU EXTRA

POWER AND GAS MILEAGE, LONGER SPARKPLUG LIFE... AND ALL THE

TCP* 19 GREAT FOR NEW BENEFITS OF AN ENGINE TUNEUP I

HICOMPRESSION ENGINES, TOO.

IN THESE ENGINES, STOPAND-GO DRIVING ENCOURAGES LEAD AND CARBON DEPOSIT BUILDUP ON CRITICAL ENGINE PARTS I

BUT TCP ACTUALLY NEUTRALIZES

THESE DEPOSITS, SO YOU ENJOY ALL YOUR CAR'S BUILTIN POWER.

IT'S THE BEST THERE IS....

FOR YOU AND YOUR CAR I

'TRADEMARK OWNED AND PATENT APPLIED FOR BY SHELL OIL COMPANY. <S> 1955, CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY

for] How to get all the POWER felus PROTECTION you pay

TESTS PROVE THAT USING BOTH

SUPER PRODUCTS HELPS REDUCE SURFACE IGNITION... ASSURES

YOU FASTER, SAFER STARTING... KEEPS YOUR

ENGINE FAR CLEANER AND MORE POWERFULI

DECEMBER 1955 957 Adam S. Bennion Continued

it is faith to without impossible But to miles three kinds of timber hundred Hour 24 for please to that him: he cometh God the south.

is, is believe that that a he he and must service grand- I talked the other with a day diligently that rewarder seek him. of them

365 days a year (Hebrews 11: 6.) son of a man who helped to saw that

timber, and he said it took eighteen yoke of oxen to drag the tree from where

Consider these further meaningful it grew to the location of the saw that scriptures: had been set up. Then by ox team they

is spirit as the For without the body to this miles over hundred square—and also. so faith Electric dead, had the problem of bringing it three without works is dead roads! faith never without what Men 2:26.) (James

it! have done would

said truly Christ our fathers: unto And grounds, these through and I go out WATER If faith all things ye have, ye can do said it times, will I have which though many

are expedient unto me. (Moroni 10:23.) you let me say it again: The privilege

is visitors that ours at times to bring HEATING except in charity ye have ye can And this noto spot inclines take always me to of in the be wise saved kingdom God;

neither can ye be saved in the kingdom of them to the southeast corner, for when lived grandfathers in log cabins such if faith; ye not have neither can ye our God costs the

if they dreamsee out there, were (Ibid., as you hope. 10:21.) ye have no

average ing dreams of the temple into which family Ask the Father in my name, in faith bethey put forty years of effort and four receive, shall shall lieving that you and you of dollars, did millions they not which only the have Ghost, manifesteth Holy which is faith! have. That

all things are the expedient unto which about glorihas Reference to the been made of children men.

10* And if you have not faith, hope, and ous experience of the choir, and I under- a day charity, you can do nothing. (D & C 18:18stand every place they sang "Come,

tuy From Saints"they encored Ye were Your Dal*r 19.) Come

Or Plumbor again. it frequently. sing again and We

But after repenting, and humbling himLet me read the third verse again. WilBe Modern self sincerely, through faith, God minliam Clayton was not speculating about

istered unto him by an holy angel, whose their arrival here. He said:

Live Electrically countenance was as lightning, and whose garments were pure and white above all

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. other whiteness;... (Ibid., 20:6.) We'llprepared,find the place which God for us

And it came to pass that the Lord spake Far away in the West, unto me, saying: Blessed art thou, Nephi, Where none shall come to hurt or make

because of thy faith, for thou hast sought afraid;

air ring, the We'll with music make GRIND YOUR OWN Nephime diligently,2:19.) with lowliness of heart. (1 There the Saints will be blessed. praises to Shout our and King; God

these the rest words we'll tell And is well! is well! All FLOUR & CEREAL unto myit father:came toI willpassgothatand I,doNephi,the thingssaid AboveAll

with this sturdy which the Lord hath commanded, for I know that the Lord giveth no commandDo you know what he was doing ments unto the children of men, save he when he wrote that? It was on the

they for that shall prepare a them way and April of 15th Nauvoo between WHEAT MILL thing he the comwhich accomplish may of toughest the Quarters, one Winter (Ibid., 3:7.) them. mandeth I took. beg ever trips people that any ONLY

six to hundred that of remember you first principles and the that believe We three lost those lives in their people first, are: Faith of Gospel the ordinances $50 in the Lord Jesus Christ; second, Repenthundred miles. He had been sick much

ance; third, Baptism by immersion for the of the time. Pick up his journal and

POSTPAID little sins; fourth, on of of Laying first remission twenty read the pages—the

gift ANYWHERE for of the the Holy Ghost. hands Clayton. of had journal William He

IN (Fourth Article of Faith.) been ill. His wife, Diantha, was still

AMERICA ill—too ill to travel. As you read those

The Faith of Our Fathers twenty pages, you will notice how often he was writing a letter to be sent back

II. The second thought I want to to his wife, hoping that she would be

Mill cracks or grinds wheat, corn and all leave with you is the faith of our well. Then came the glad news that

grains. of or soft Grinds 1V4 kinds hard to place fathers. herself a wonderful son, to she birth a given she What had

minute. per flour of or cereal pounds ill of faith against our forebears. the struggled contemplate to too She move.

... Fully guaranteed by Pehrson's.

this afternoon from Before out go the against you ague the and mumps. He

SPECIAL PRICES TO L.D.S. GROUPS these grounds, won't you take one more himself was sick, but the morning—look at the Seagull Monument and read love to read this—-the morning the word

send one Please me side: inscription the north the Wheat Mill. Inclosed is the that on came son—notice

order.) (check or $6.50 money of the in grateful of "Erected practicality they had been remembrance he it—hehad asaid

Name mercy of God to the Mormon Pioneers."spending the day in a search, for "Henry

Address When you gather in this edifice, you Terry's horses are missing. They've

City must think of the faith of men who been hunted all day, but are not found

State from 1863 to 1867 toiled to build it yet. This morning I composed a new

to 1870 to complete the balcony. As song, 'All is Well.'I feel to thank my

you look now at the pipes in this great Heavenly Father for my boy, and pray life PEHRSON HARDWARE organ, you must be mindful that some that he will spare and preserve his 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH of them were made possible only beand that of his mother, and so order cause the pioneers discovered certain that it be soon that we may be together 958 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA again."He asked President Brigham

Young, "Could they not send back and bring her along?"and President Young

said, "You may."I tried to conjure up last night that UTOCO Gasolines

talked to Brigham Claytonas William had just II song he about the newYoung written, whether either one of them could ever have imagined, even in fancy, that a hundred years later 379 voices of the choir would take that same hymnand sing it to 60,000 people in Europe. "TOPS

And yet they did it. And we live today

under the reflected glory of that choir.

That's faith in its fulfilment.

Brigham Young said these remarkable things:

I do not wish men to understand I had anything to do with our being moved here;

that was the providence of the Almighty;

it was the power of God that wrought out salvation for this people; I never could have

faith, a plan. suchdevised We have Balanced for Top Performance faith; mountains live by we came.. to. thesewe

I often here,by faith. came We

expression the ears to the of somethough say, For All Cars in this Area may sound rude, naked and barefoot, and comparatively this is true.... We had to

have faith to come here. When we metMr. Bridger on the Big Sandy River, said SMOOTHER MORE POWER

he, "Mr. Young, I would give a thousand

I if coulddollars ear of corn an knew be OPERATION

Basin."in Said I, "Wait the Greatripenedeighteen months and I will show you many GREATER

of them."Did I say this from knowledge? High Antiknock

No, Starts ECONOMYleast it encouragement—fromwas my faith; but we naturalhad not reathe Quick

country—ofsoning and allits thatsterility,we couldits coldlearnandof frost,this No Vapor Lock Longer Mileage

to raise anything. believe ever that we could

breaking the road Fast Warm Up Cleaner Burning on,But we travelled bridges building thethrough mountains and did Smooth Acceleration Noncorrosive here, arrived and then weuntil we everything we could to sustain ourselves.

We had faith that we could raise grain;

was there any harm in this? Not at all.

If we had not had faith, what would have become of us? We would have gone down

in unbelief, have closed up every resource for our sustenance and should never have raised anything. (History of Brigham Young,

Ms. 3:95.) The Faith of Tomorrow

III. Then I wanted you to take just a brief look at what I like to call the faith You expect more

of tomorrow. I was impressed a little

while back at a convention in Chicago from UTOCO of the young people of that town. They

said they were getting a little tired of and you get it!

those screaming headlines each day about some wild exploit of some wild UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY youngster, so they gathered themselves together, and they made a study. They

took a look at police records in Chicago, and they discovered that of all the juvenile delinquency cases that came before the court in Chicago in Cook County, Mommy, all were attributable to three percent of the population, and they made a plea in that convention: "Let's not forget

the ninetyseven percent as we brand it's the immaturity of the three."Then

they said what to me was a wonderful thing: "We pledge ourselves to live so as to honor and revere our parents, MORNING

to be decent ourselves, and to prepare ourselves to defend this nation—so to EVAPORATED live that those whose names we bear MILK

will be proud we came along."That

generation! faith in a new gives a man page) time! (Continued following on 959DECEMBER 1955

Adam S. Bennion Continued risenbitter abovefor a allwhile,that"—andbut she Isaid,think"I whenhave

she was through, there wasn't a dry eye

This has been a wonderful year to missionaries, and students from Brigin the grove. The young people who

will Miss heard never that day Brownme. year ago not here. I was now A could Young you ham University—if forget. as in She said, "Crippled I am I give witness you along them, heard with have my been have you would

Brother Wirthlin and Brother Thomas proud, too. They all bore wonderful my body, I rejoice that my spirit is still

E. McKay that the God who lives anwitness, but included in that Sunday intact. I have the faith to believe that

swers prayers. I give you my witness service, attended by some 750 people, one day, either here or elsewhere, God

that that same God can carry the benewere two women I shall never forget, will work out the healing of my body diction of the faith of these people to both of them brought up in wheelchairs and while I live, let me never comPresident Eisenhower. May it be so. to the little platform that stands in the plain, but let me go about bearing my

I want to close with two or three conGrove. witness to his goodness."

crete cases which out of this year have One of them, Sister Louise Lake, has This has been a wonderful conference.

thrilled me. We go to these stakes a sublime faith, the faith that one day God bless you to go out in the spirit

week after week and come back so built she will walk again. God grant her of faith, the spirit that bids us to make

up, so reinforced, so strengthened! We that request. The other girl, a Miss a rededication of our lives and our

love you people for your faith. We are Brown from Connecticut, who said, as services. We can all pray; we can all

grateful for the prayers you utter for us, she was wheeled up, "I know that I labor; we can all gather the family

and we return them in the councils of shall never walk again"—misshapen around us; we can attend our services;

these good brethren. limbs, which under palsy she has such and we can do some good for somebody.

to spirit I control. of said that faith, of time that the a hard She In kind young into couple the came A

disease that her, of first struck to bless she ask in the office when you name God the girl other day, said, the and 'We've for Christ. awhile, she Jesus and was Amen. was numbed always to wanted mission. a go on him

Either he didn't get the call or the circumstances were not quite right, but he has not gone. Now we have a little

baby, but that ambition still burns."

Then she said, "I have made arrangements so I can work to support myself and the baby bit tohave and a good Shall I Do Is his keep.wards it possible that he What

can go?"You love that kind of faith!

Reference has been made in this conference to Brother Nebeker of Bear Lake. to Inherit

He went on his mission after the children had come, and one of the dramatic things, in judgment, Bear Lake in my is the day his wife her Eternal life? when wrapped

skirt loosely around the children as she waved goodbye to the husband by EIRay L. Christiansen

to rode horseback hiswho make train ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE connection, and said, "In situation a like this the only things that help are work and prayer."

at ourselves dedicating to the so grateful, brothers by work am my A few short weeks ago in Hawaii I sisters, do, blessings through for the have to and hand which we privilege of giving a blessing thehad girls, lovely Japanese to two young thatthis haveconference.come to meI fromhave dedicationsubstance, ourof ourtithes,talents,and ourour time,offerings,our

people, the only ones out of their famthought of it in this way: our love, our goodness and kindness one

ilies to come into the Church. They "If thy brother ask thee to go to another, always seeing the good that

were willing to bid goodbye to the famwith him one mile, go with him twain."always may be found in others.

ily circle. They had faith that this is (See Matt. 5:41.) As someone put it: When we partake of the sacrament,

the work of God, and they wanted to "The first is an obligation; the second, brothers and sisters, we presumably take

to a mission. want Theygo on us the of Christ. agree name consecration."upon go a We

this carry their people andamong own to do, to act as he do as would he would that hence- I have up made my mind great message to them. act: forth, of things the because marvelous

I close, to as let you, take Then me I here, said will that have been be more love serve another. one by... I tribute to the could payCumorah. I to that dedicate determined which all is fulfilled in For the law word, one 'in girls the misandwonderful boys in of energy subthe have and way this; shalt in love neighthy even Thou great President of thesions Northwest. to of stance here the the Lord work thyself. as 5:1314.) (Gal. bour

grateful are to you weMcMurrin, the determined than for upon earth—more

I look job have done.the notable you ever been before. I have The reward of unselfish service has

down at Brother Steed and President It seems to me that the life of a been told us by the Lord when he has

Taylor, and I am grateful for the great Latterday Saint is intended to be a said that "... whosoever will save his

theater that they have built against the life of dedication and of consecration life shall lose it: and whosoever will

are stirring thingsHill There Cumorah. of of to the gospel things it, lose [I God. for his life The in take my sake

against thatin life, but to stand is for a hill, Jesus Christ the perprogram service his felservice of the his and with only the darkness of the night for fecting of the individual member by his low men] shall find it."(Matt. 16:25.)

a curtain, and then have the four adherence to the principles of that gosThe sweetness and the joy of life is trumpeters come out on the top of that pel. It is designed to teach us to forfound when we are willing to deny ourhill and play "An Angel from on High"! get ourselves, to be unselfish. I have selves for the good and the benefit of

Then sit through the evenings that atcome to think that selfishness on the others. Service to others, service in the

tracted 54,000 people to witness the part of those of us who are inclined Church, giving of our substance, is part pageant, go through and then four days that deterof the life is one great of way the of a Saint. Latterday We

of testimony in the Sacred Grove! rents progress to the to our are and sacrifice that taught brings forth the

I want to take you into that Sacred realization of a divine destiny. Let us blessings of heaven. In no other way,

Grove for just a minute. We had lisbe determined to overcome selfishness as I see it, can the Lord raise up a peotened through those four days to 248 and personal aggrandizement by sharple who will be fit for the kingdom,

wonderful young men and women ing with others that which we have, who will have it ready for his coming.

960 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA By offering himself as a sacrifice for the sins of the world and the redempsettion death, Jesus of mankind from to us in thean incomparable example BIND YOUR way of sacrifice and of love for others. ONLY

Again, when Abraham and Sarahwere commanded of the Lord,—reImprovement Erasquested at least—to give as a sacrifice $>00

their son Isaac, we can imagine what for years of future use must have gone through their minds.

Nevertheless, the test. they The met

**r""- v*,;*3iw"y 's it to see did loved theyLord much how

I sustained,him. was Abraham am * on |y $300 at,—rLassure, by an unwavering trust in God.

I am sure that Abraham knew that to accomplish his purposes, God could, DESERETif he desired, raise up Isaac from the \ dead, even after he had died. But what NEWS PRESS

a lesson that is in service, of dedication,of consecration of that which he dearly \ loved! No wonder that Abraham was

called a "friend of God."

An opportunity to demonstrate his love of the Lord was given to another The valuable instruction and reference Distance from Salt Lake City, Utah Rate man. He had great possessions, and he closematterat inhandThe inImprovementbound volumeEraformwill forbe Up to 150 miles 43

had a chance to test his unselfishness future use if you have each year's 150 to 300 miles 49 when he asked of the Lord, "What shall issues handsomely bound by the Deseret 300 to 600 miles 59 is necesplus cost Press. $3 The News I inherit life?"eternal do to (Luke miles 1000 73 600 to

issues bound. 12 for each postage sary 10:25.) done had many Now this man miles to 1400 88 with 1000 accompanied be All orders must

good things. He had kept most of the payment in advance. Use the following 1400 to 1800 miles 1.06

commandments, I understand, but he rate guide to determine postage costs. Over 1800 miles 1.23

had become selfish because of his great possessions. Evidently he thought more

of them than he did of eternal life,because when told by the Savior that Deseret News Press in order life to gain eternal he should sell whatsoever give to the THE WEST'S FINEST PRINTERS AND BINDERS he had and poor and take up the cross and follow 31 RICHARDS STREET EMpire 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH him, he was sad, and according to the record, "... went away grieved: for he

had great possessions."(Mark 10:22.)

He had not learned the meaning of dedication and of consecration.

Contrast this man with a certain poor widow who cast into the treasury her mites, whichtwo made a farthing—all

that amounted Only had. she Her contribution

to very little in monetary value, about one half of a penny of our money, but it of the smallness not was her offerGives You All These it especially acceptable that ing made unto the Lord as he witnessed her placing her money in the treasury, but it was the spirit of sacrifice that she Plus Values had shown. As he observed others

throwing their money into the treasury, In Steel Folding Chairs the record states:

disciples, saith his and unto he called... this MORE Strength and Safety that you, Verily them, unto I say unto

poor widow hath cast more in, than all they which have cast into the treasury: MORE Comfort and Beauty

For all they did cast in of their abundance; but she of her want did cast in all

that she had, even all her living. (Ibid., MORE Exclusive Features

12:4344.) MORE Economy Dedication, it seems to me, in some form, is the real essence of all religion.

Dedication to the will of the Lord and MORE Versatility to his work is the religion of the Latterday Saints. In this dispensation of the Write for full information:

gospel, thousands have met the test Clarin'Mfg. Co., Dept. 65,

when called upon to sacrifice their per4640 W. Harrison St.,

sonal positions, their time, and even Chicago 44, Illinois their lives, in order to establish and defend the kingdom of God upon the earth.

The Prophet Joseph Smith permitted ENGINEERED QUALITY MAKES THE BIG DIFFERENCE IN FOLDING CHAIRS himself to be taken by the mob and be (Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1955 961 of necessity: for God loveth a cheerful

EIRay 1. Christiansen Continued giver."(II Cor. 9:6-7.)

With the Apostle Paul, brothers and sisters, let us say, as we go from this put to death, and along with him, Lord, giving vicarious service on beconference,

Hyrum, whose life was lost by an ashalf of the dead. Along with them are

sassin's bullet, and in the same room those who do research work, hiding beFor I am persuaded, that neither death, at the same time, Dr. Willard Richards hind desks and files, where nobody nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor

and John Taylor, who refused to leave knows about them, spending hours and powers, nor things present, nor things to him, and Dan Jones, and others who money and time and energy that the come, height, other depth, nor nor any Nor It is loyal perfected. devoted and onewere might be and have work would

to shall us able from separate be lives their in thing,given gladly preference something know, to do you is love Jesus of in Christ for creature,the which God, life.to the set exProphet's return the can goodness an and They those who 8:3839.) Lord. our (Romans

ample for us in this dispensation! There who can thank you, but these people

is scarcely an end to the list of those this great army of those who do vicariMay it be so with us. I testify that

who have done likewise or who stand ous service, who do not expect a return this is the work of God; that his power

all to willing at this in thanks, that is required do time atnow to power within least—I think is this Church—the

spirit of dedication,of them. sincere our most willwin commendation A salvabring to the dead and redemption

ingness to serve in any capacity and to and our admiration for that type of tion to the living, and I am honored sacrifice, if necessary, characterizes the dedication. to be affiliated with the membership of

true Latterday Saint. Paul has said that "... He which this Church and to do my little bit in

It was not long ago that I was in one soweth sparingly shall reap also sparfurthering the work. God bless you

of the stakes in southern Idaho. I was ingly; and he which soweth bountifully and keep you and comfort you when you

asked to interview five young men beshall reap also bountifully. need comfort, I pray humbly, in the

tween twentyfive and thirtyfive years "... let him give, not grudgingly, or name of Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen.

of age, most of them married and having one or two children, to see if they were ready to receive an office in the Melchizedek Priesthood for which they had been recommended. I received the thrill

of my life. Somehow, I decided—

don't know whether I made a mistakeor not—but I decided to see what the REPENTANCE WORRETH SALVATION

depth of their willingness to sacrifice was. As each one came into the room,

I sat down with him, introduced myself, by Marion G. Romney

and became better acquainted with him.

Then I stated that the Church had OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE acquired a great tract of land in Brush

itCreek to for and prepare wished resureither their brothers beloved bring about Y and would forsettlement Saints. the water The sisters: for bring or rection sins their President and pay McKay

it, to be to broughthad the brush on rebirth. spiritual their this great conferabout began

to cleared be leveled, thehad land and

I I for gratiso repeat, of grateful a ence note on my And am built, all erected, schoolshomes and grateful that the debt tude. soul paid he Redeemer, immeMythings It scratch. be must done from

reof to diately the about brought responded the means and

I "If said: thing. easy bewould no you

it of spirit so repenting of that inspired the pentance by theme. has The my to go, askedwere take wife your would

I soul transgressions of of session bring withthe can conproceedings every my familyand leave and have what you it, let his of in atoning ference. the reach and blood In with harmony me to settle it?"go Brushand Creek and

for, after of sin; I cleansed for be grateful thereby say that the peace am ofEvery those one yes. said young men it is that all, of grace the Christ that heart by into has during come my

I said: wife think your would "What do. all after are for saved, they of conference, can peace the the and men

about it?"In every case they said, in this moment as I stand before you to The thing they can and must do is

effect, "I sure feel as she would am I express repent. feelings. I love the doctrine of repentmy

if it,do, that the required Church we ance. the many things for which I Among

would go."Then I explained that I had am thankful is the sanctifying process During the past few months I have

concocted the story. of repentance. I am grateful to the seen the need of it—oh, how I have seen

I felt like putting my arms around Lord Jesus Christ who, through the the need of it. I have seen missionaries,

each of those young men. I commended atonement he wrought, gave us the gift saints, and nonmembers of the Church,

them, and then I got down on my knees, of repentance. I am grateful that he in faroff lands sorrowing with a godly

and I thanked the Lord for such young was willing voluntarily to give his life sorrow for sin. I have heard them say,

men of this day who were ready to for us. That is literally what he did. "Oh, Brother Romney, do you think

dedicate, to consecrate, to leave all that He did not have to give it; he did not there is any hope for me, any chance

they had and go, no matter where they have to die. Because he was the Son for me to get on even the bottom rung

may be called to go and build up Zion. of God, he was not subject to the fall, of the gospel ladder?"

That is the test that we all should be as were men. Within him was power And as I have witnessed their sorrowready to meet. to live forever. "... I lay down my ing, I have remembered the sorrowing

There is a veritable army of men and life for the sheep"—he said. "No of repentant men in days of old;

women such as these in the quorums, in man taketh it from me, but I lay it Zeezrom, for example, whose "soul,"the missions, and in the wards and down of myself. I have power to lay after he realized what he had done in opstakes, and in all places, where they it down, and I have power to take it posing the ministry of Alma and Amulek,

serve without a thought of compensaagain."(John 10:15, 18.) He inherited "... began to be harrowed up under a

tion. There is no end to the list—the power over death from his divine consciousness of his own guilt; yea, he

ward teachers, who do good jobs, all of Father. began to be encircled about by the

those who serve, all of you. It is comIt took a person with power over death pains of hell."So severe were his

mendable, and it must be pleasing in the to pay the debt to justice to bring men sufferings that he "... lay sick at Sidom,

sight of the Lord. Among them, not forth in the resurrection. It took a sinwith a burning fever, which was caused

to be overlooked, are those much unless one, a god, even the sinless Son by the great tribulations of his mind noticed, unsung men and women, who of God, to satisfy the demands of juson account of his wickedness."(See

day after day, month after month, year tice for men's sins. They themselves Alma 14 and 15.) And Alma, who said

after year, labor in the temples of the could not make an atonement which (Continued on page 964) 962 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ce>3\3\5\9\3v3\3si>K3\9S3<3si THE LIFE OF JelilviQf the Jruth LORENZO SNOW

Richard L. Evans BY DR. THOMAS C. ROMNEY

HPhe timehonored custom of swearing in the witness has New—500 Pages—Generously Illustrated

Picture Suitable His for Framing.

Friends, the Saints! His Chosen -1- come to be a very commonplace occurrence—to "solemnly JacketChosen

swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the Home, the Tops of the Mountains! His

truth..."This solemn oath has served many a weighty and Mission Field, the World!

important purpose. But in a sense it is a tragedy to have to

assume that a man must so swear before he can be counted ONLY $3.00 ONLY

on to tell the truth. One could fervently hope that when a

person has simply said something without oath or embellishANDREW JENSON'S LD.S.

ment it could be accepted as truth—whether in the courtBIOGRAPHICAL ENCYCLOPEDIA

room or across the back fence, it really shouldn't matter Vol. 1—828 Pages—Hundreds of Pioneer

which, for telling the truth is simply a matter of presenting AboutBiographiesThese andHardyPortraits—PioneersIndexed—KnowWho Carved

a picture or impression of things as they are. (It is so much Your Civilization From the Desert.

in simply saying the than right words.) more the sense And ONLY $5.00 0NLY of giving honest picture accurate impression or a an and

person hasn't told the truth when actually he has told a halftruth and withheld the other half. He hasn't told the AFTER 100 YEARS

truth when he has deliberately left a false impression, no BY NANCY WILLIAMS matter what words he has used or how he has used them. The Story of Dr. Frederick G. Williams,

Men can mislead other men by the inflection of their voices, 2nd Counselor to the Prophet Joseph—

by insinuation and innuendo, by gesture, and by what they Over 200 Pages.

suggest as well as by what they say, and by what they leave ONLY $1.50 ONLY

unsaid. They can say so much and imply much more. In

Ideal for Christmas Gifts many ways men frequently falsify—and often we could not

legally prove that they had told an untruth, yet morally we Sold by Mail Order ONLY. Send Check

may know that they intended not to tell the truth, as they orUtahMoneyPioneers)OrderMemorialto S.U.P.Foundation,(Sons of 504the

resort to slick legal loopholes and tricky terminology, and Walker Bank Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah.

ignore every intention of honor and honesty. The whole

intent of a man, what he means to do and what he means not to do, what he means to say and what he means not to say, what he thinks in his heart, what he is in his soul, are all involved in "telling"the truth—for which we are all

accountable before our fellow men and before our Eternal

Father. God grant that we may hear and know and speak

and write and live the truth—and not rely on tricky technicalities or legal loopholes or ambiguous utterance that is a

mere mask for falsehood. Whatever our words, whatever

we say or leave unsaid, we shall ultimately have to answer for the very spirit and intent of our actions and utterances for the mere appearance of truthfulness is not enough.*

Jhe Spoken lA/ord from temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, OCTOBER 9, 1955 Copyright, 1955

*Revised.

MOONRISE IN WINTER

By Elizabeth A. Hutchison

GREATEST SELECTION OF TOYS [Tpon a cold and dreary winter night, To rival other glories of the year. IN THE WORLD

Deserted fields and trees with limbs all So let it be, in winter of the heart, Our exciting 1956 Gift Catalog bare fall on sterile can be yours for two weeks—Are thinly blanketed in crusty white, Whenfield;lengthening shadows

deep, unearthlyWhile stillness fills the air. May radiance of spirit then impart FREE! Just ask for it! an incandescenceBut gradually

Fills all the landscape, long devoid of The beauty which serenity can yield:

cheer, That graciousness of being which will bless

And here is new, unguessed magnificence Illumines winter's night with loveliness. ozuoufo money &ze&

DECEMBER 1955 963 confidence seek the Lord's forgiveness

Marion G. Romney Continued and go forth in newness of life, relying

upon the merits of Christ.

Let us in this manner clear for rightof the suffering he endured for "seekthe Lord, with other directions1 coneous living the decks of our own lives, ing to destroy the church of God": cerning his "holy day,"says, and get on our way to eternal life. Only

of ourselves rid so can doing we by.. this, the Lord's that for on remember torment, eternal I with racked was unworthiness, of feelings guilty those oblations offer thine shalt and greatest thou. day, to the soul harrowed up wasmy selfand fear, uncertainty, depression, conthe High, sacraments unto Most sins. all Yea, thy racked withdegree and my our upward block which condemnation brethren,. thy and sins.. fessing of unto thy pains theI with tormented was

hell;... with inexpressible horror,... even before the Lord. (Ibid., 59:12.) climb. So long as we put off either the

with the pains of a damned soul. (See forsaking or confessing of our sins, just

ibid., 36.) I would assume that we are to conso long do we delay the day of our refess all our sins unto the Lord. For demption.

But then I also remembered the rest transgressions which are wholly peras a millstone heavy past the hang not souls their into when,which came affecting sonal, and Let but ourselves none heels, to thy forgiverepentance, found theythrough confession would seem such Lord, the as upward each thee drag downward To said I sayness. "Yea, unto you,"Alma sufficient. to be self appeals; nobler to thy impulse

to his son Helaman, that as "there For misconduct which offends anBut as the joyous butterfly from its chrysaso and nothing becould free, listic shell breaks also confession should other, be made ".bitter as.. on were thou rise jubilant, past the must my So from forgiveness sopains"—soexquisite offended one, to the and his

the other hand, there can be nothing sought. thine own true self to be.

joy."exquisiteso and sweet as was my transgressions one's Finally, where do today if we will, for may (Ibid., This we 36:21.) unreas would, are a nature of such that assures us Amulek encourcomforted and so I was And his right to in jeopardy pented of, put

aged those who confided in me, and I membership or fellowship in the Church... if [we] will repent and harden not

encourage all sorrowing, repentant men of Jesus Christ, full and effective con- [our] hearts, immediately shall the greatto be comforted—comforted by the exfession would, in my judgment, require plan of redemption be brought about unto

assur- [us]. (See Paul's Alma 34:31.) ofperience by and Alma to sinner repentant the confession by

".. reworketh. godly sorrow thatance presiding or proper other his bishop

."President.. Joseph F. Smith spoke And (II Cor. salvation. topentance the that Church Church officer—not words: these comforting in as as days well today,7:10.) For (this sin forgive officer the power could

of old, there is hope, there is peace, rests in the Lord himself and those only... none of the children of the Father

there is rest in Christ for all whose to whom he specifically delegates it) who are redeemed through obedience, faith, godly sorrow brings them to that rebut rather that the Church, acting repentance, and baptism for the remission pentance which worketh salvation. Forthrough its duly appointed officers, of sins, and who live in that redeemed conare subcondition, in that die as dition, Every repentance. giveness is as and wide facts the of full with knowledge might

... absolutely are to ject Satan. They all for forgiven will the person be to respect action take with Church such are little children as just his reach beyond repents. truly of transgression he which merit. as the discipline circumstances sin. Doctrine, (Gospel p. die without who all sins, If shall his of repents he he sins his and, forsaken having One 570.) of spotless the because before stand God his confession, cleared conduct proper by Savior, of Master our and atonement

it us with so be that grant people the has Lord, he the with may God with exercises that Christ; while he Jesus no

I the of Jesus in all, pray of Jesus humbly name offended, the with and Church "... as faith repentance remains unto full Christ, our necessary, Redeemer. Amen. Christ, with where may there redemption no been though had

made, except it be the loosing of the bands of death."(Alma 11:41.) Such

is the gist of God's merciful plan of redemption.

My brothers and sisters, there are many among us whose distress and suffering are unnecessarily prolonged because they do not complete their repentance by confessing their sins. You "His Wonders to Perform..."

will recall the following words of the

Savior, by Clifford E. Young

I command you to repent,... and that

you confess your sins, lest you surfer these ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE punishments of which I have spoken. (D & G

19:20.) In another revelation he said, |Y BRETHREN AND SISTERS*. We were facing persecution. In GerWhen I was on my mismany we were not permitted to meet

By this ye may know if a man repenteth sion many years ago, I openly, so we held our meetings in the of his sins—behold, he will confess them was laboring in Southern forests in the summer and in private

and forsake them. (Ibid., 58:43.) Germany, and in 1907 homes in the winter.

articles against carried F. newspapers Smith, President The Joseph forgives says that he he Repeatedly vimissionaries, the Charles the and Church Bishop with then company their confess sins those of the who It that nature. their seemed in cious was subsequently Nibley, who sins W.in "... heart, of who humbleness with been evil the of Presione had to the powers to Counselor a called be

ibid., (See death."unto sinned not have work, the to loose and stop when traveling turned Grant, was Heber dent J. adds, he 64:7.) 61:2; And talked as prediction made, Switin that we was missions. the While through

group, little missionary here, it in our a related about as been has the zerland, his sins, of repented has... he who fulif ever be Saints it would wondered attended held by we meeting was is Lord, remem- I, the forgiven, and same

filled. at missionaries, of which the. and some (Ibid., 58:42.) ber no more. them

President Smith made that memorable I came home from my mission in

But how are we to fulfil this comprediction that the day would come 1908. Conditions here were not too

mandment? To whom are we to conwhen there would be temples in Europe good. There was persecution here at

fess our sins? In the fiftyninth secand in that land of Switzerland. home, criticism toward the leaders of

tion of the Doctrine and Covenants, It seemed so incredible at that time. the Church, President Joseph F. Smith

964 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

being especially singled out in newspapers and magazines for vitriolic attacks on the part of those antagonistic to the Church. There are two types of persecution. POWER UP

In the early history of the Church itwas more or less physical. Later on it POWER-X

was of the nature I have described. It

just seemed that the work could not go forward.

What a change now! God moves in

the affairs of men. It is his work. We

are his children, and no matter what may come, if we do our part in preaching the gospel, declaring its message, its saving truths, there will be no question about the outcome. These things

we have learned over the years.

No one would have hazarded such a prediction except a prophet of the

Living God. He saw, he knew, through

the prophetic powers that he possessed, and today, during this conference, we have had related to us the fulfilment of that great prediction.

Thus, my brethren and sisters, it has ever been, and thus it will ever be in this work. There will be no failure.

We may fail. Six months ago, you will

recall we had a heavy snowstorm conference weather they called it—and

President McKay announced that all the roads in Wyoming were blocked and that the Saints should not attempt to drive home until the storm cleared. Today under such beautiful weather conditions we meet in conference. How

this epitomizes the rolling forth of the work of the Lord! We meet storms;

we meet roadblocks; then the storm

clears. We ourselves sometimes throw

up road blocks when we fail to do our part, when we fail to support the organizations, when presiding officers in wards and stakes fail to give the necessary direction to the auxiliary organizations, helping them in their work, all of them being important and necessary.

We throw up road blocks when we fail Ask your Sinclair Dealer for the New Premium Gasoline..

to do our duty and keep his commandments. But the Lord, just as the storm

cleared, clears the way, and in spite of us his work goes on, and there is no failure. I am grateful for my testimony. I am SINCLAIR

grateful for the cleansing power of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. I thank

the Lord for faith in God. I thank him

for his blessings that come even in the face of adversity and affliction, for the POWER-X power to see even beyond the affliction.

I am grateful for these blessings.

God sustains us. You know what was

he TWO INSPIRATIONAL BOOKS although the said of Savior—that m'Courtesy yet by learned he obedience a son,were THE MISSIONARY FOR he sufthe suffering, things which by

written J. PARKER, converted goes beyond by perfect through AUBREY being fered, and made

Methodist Minister author of suffering, the that became he dependability"obey. to salvation eternal all who Entitled THE A.B.C. OF MORMONISM;

Thus it is with us, my brethren and and THE MORMON MISSIONARY'S BUY YOUR NEXT CAR FROM sisters, and I leave with you my testiMESSAGE mony, and pray that God may help us Put up in the popular pocket size for that there may be no failure on our convenience in carrying.

in gold. green Beautifully and bound not place any part, and that we may Courtesy fine a gift at any books These make NOTE: sufficient because road blocks we have in postpaid, to you, time. Sent anywhere evidence to know that even against odds the world for ONE DOLLAR FOR EACH DODGE PLYMOUTH

and adversity, there is no failure. BOOK. 1000 So, Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

appreciate these Address: to help us God J. PARKER ELDER AUBREY

I in things, pray the name of Jesus. Carrillo, Santa Barbara, 616 WestAmen. California

DECEMBER 1955 965 What Shall We Do?

by President David O. McKay

TO you Saints listening in: perhaps they have saved lives by their sion whatever. Thank you for conThank you for the many faithfulness. I know they have greatly sidering your post important and doing

\ telegrams you have sent. We contributed to our convenience, and we your duty so well.

j rejoice with you in the excelthank them and our city fathers for To the various radio and television

I lent transmission of the mestheir cooperation. To you reporters stations in our own city and state, and

J sages from this tabernacle. for your fair and accurate reports we in other states named in the various

I know the Saints would be pleased to express thanks; also to the audience as sessions of the conference, we render

hear your comments, but time will not a whole for your responsiveness, atour special thanks in behalf of the tens permit our reading them. I have two tentiveness, and example in reverence, of thousands of people who have heard

here, though, which I am sure the Saints too, even you who have to stand in these proceedings due to your courtesy and you in California will be pleased the doorways. It is all these little and contribution.

to hear. things which contribute to a spirit of To these groups of singers from FriOne is: "The servicemen assembled unity, brotherhood, and love. The fire day morning on, we cannot say in words

at Fort Ord and those gathered in homes department has been on hand in case that which we feel in our hearts. Theenjoyed the TV broadcast of conference of any emergency. Red Cross officials German Saints on Friday—how well

this morning. Approximately ninety in have been rendering service. they sang! How gladly they rendered

attendance."—Chaplain Connell. These flowers we have mentioned that service! That group of young men The other is from Tijuana, Mexico: before. I did not tell you however that and young women on Saturday—why

"The Saints gathered here in Mexico the presidency of the Wilford Stake they just seemed to throw their young enjoying good conference reception. Proasked permission to furnish these flowhearts into the expression of love

ceedings are being translated into Spaners. We did not ask them. They asked through singing, and we all responded

forish. Tijuana Branch Best wishes.—The

beauty. Then, Tijuana, Mexico."Presidency, the privilegeWe acceptof contributingtheir flowersto theas to Andit! this afternoon, shall I say the

as you see, dozens of others. We are messengers of love. We thank you, and climax? I can, because our mothers who

just heart have sing from the always could other flowers that these thinkjust one great, united Church—united to

Sister heights, to spiritual reand lifted'us across Pacific the and Ocean comein love.

In your behalf, may I express appretain their beauty and fragrance as these Madsen, how the Lord has blessed her ciation and gratitude to all who have have done emphasizes the nearness of to get these groups of mothers together assisted in any way in making this our Saints in the faroff parts of the and to sing with such expression! It

great semiannual conference such an world to us. is so inspiring! Well, on behalf of the

inspirational success. As I was driven We mention the ushers. Have you thousands who listen, we thank you,

down to this session, I saw the officers noticed how quietly they have attended one and all, for what you have done of the law on duty, and I thought that to their duty? They have been on today.

their diligence has prevented accidents; hand, each at his post, with no confu- I have time to say only a word in

conclusion. The brethren who have

addressed us have been inspired of the

Lord, as you will all testify, and they have given us sublime messages. They

about it? do Ways of wehave given us the gospel. What shall

fiftyeight years ago, on I remember one occasion I sat in council with two

and which not solve, could they RIGHTEOUSNESS whichlocal elders in Glasgow who had trouble serious. Someto become threatened

thing that was said touched the symby Oscar A. Kirkbam pathy of one, and when you touch the

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY sympathy of a Scotchman you have him, and he said, "Tell us what you want pray for the blessings of our Out of our welfare program has come: us to dee, and we'll dee it."(Tell us

Heavenly Father. "They are putting a roof on the house what you want us to do, and we'll do

are it) and boys Clark, of a sick brother. Men President J. Reuben

Well, we have been told in this concrop."potato the widow's birthday, harvesting his eightysecond on

said these words: "This is a Lucy B. Young, one of President ference what to do. God help us to

1 great world for each youth, Brigham Young's wives, said one day do it. May I mention two important

but he must conquer it for himself by in Germany to me, "I went up the hall things just by way of emphasis upon work and right living."in the Lion House. President Young which we should center our efforts.

President Stephen L Richards, at the had just crossed the road on South One pertains to the priesthood quorums.

dedication of a ward chapel in Cache Temple and hurried into his office. Fellow presiding officers in missions,

your make quorums, stakes, wards, and curiosity of a good in buildwoman, the stated: are engagedStake With "We

to regard in effective more quorums of the hall and to the end I walked That here on earth. uping the kingdom

is our assignment. Men are not enlistened at the door. I heard President brotherhood and service. The quorums

dowed with the same talents, but everyBrigham Young say: 'Down on your are units which should effectively hold

one can make a contribution in his knees, Brigham! Down on your knees!'the priesthood in sacred bonds and in

way."He had had some difficulty with the helpfulness.

President David O. McKay said, at men across the street. In a few mo- I refer particularly to the senior memthe dedication of a chapel in the Box ments he opened the door calmly, with bers of the Aaronic Priesthood—you

Elder Stake: "Three virtues contribute perfect control, and went about his businessmen, successful in the business

to the spirit of man: first, control of the work. world; you professional men who have

passions; second, reverence; a great man May God school our feelings, give us devoted your time to the success of

is reverent in his attitude toward God a desire to do the right with such fine your vocations and are successful and and his Son, Jesus Christ; third, service determination and faith, I humbly pray are leading men in civic and political

together more closely in to his fellow men."in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. affairs—get

966 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA your quorum. Yes, it may be teachers

that is all right. You meet as teachers,

adult teachers, and help one another.

If one of your number be sick, two or three of you get together and call on him. You can do that. You do not vw.0 p

like to preach, and you hesitate to appear before an audience, even to pray.

You can go together and sit by the side of your comrade who lies in bed..'*'f'isW

forget it. neverHe will

You elders perhaps have one of your number sick, and his crop needs harvesting. Get together and harvest it.

a a son on has of your membersOne m&$ #*> low. are getting fundsmission, and his * WW/- 1 *

Just ask if you can be of help to him.

Your thoughtfulness he will never forget. Such acts as these are what the

Savior had in mind when he said, "In- * n a, *s \, asmuch as ye do it unto the least of these my brethren, ye do it unto me."

is 25:40.) There(See Matt. no other

* 'N*'':."serve Christ. can You that youway—'*- Viifltifr

to that pray him, kneelcan and down is good. You can plead with him to "ftC "'"s

give you his guidance through the Holy that do and do must we it. frfife:::Spirit—yes,

it. it is practhese But do have toWe

tical, daily visits in life, it is the controlling of our tongue, in not speaking evil of a brother, but speaking well of him, that the Savior marks as true service.

first Peter's he epistle where Read reThere's a Reason fers are Priesthood: to the "... ye Holy

a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar people; that why BYU is the fastestgrowing university in the West.

ye should shew forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness Students have come from every state in the Union and into his marvellous light."(I Peter from dozens of foreign countries to study under an

2:9.) In his second epistle (see ch. 1:4)

note the significance of this: "Whereby outstanding faculty at the friendly Church school, now

are given unto us exceeding great and the largest university in the intermountain area.

precious promises: that by these ye

might be partakers of the divine naGROW with BYU. Plan NOW to register for winter

ture,..."When you sense that, you quarter.

have reached happiness.

Now the other point relates to your homes. Let us go home with a determination to have our homes places of Winter Quarter Registration—January 3.

contentment and peace. There is not

one of us who cannot contribute to that condition. The ideal home should be

found among the members of theChurch of Jesus Christ, and I am just Brigham Young University sufficiently oldfashioned to think that PROVOUTAH the home is still the foundation of the.

state, especially of a republic. Do not

forget it. And the state has no right

to take your children and attempt to train them and substitute for your protection, mother, and your prayerful guidance. IT COST Brother Bennion referred to the inHOW MUCH WOULD

fluence of a mother. He expressed whateach one of us may do. But I am reTO REPLACE YOUR HOME?

ferring now to the fathers'contributing to the home by showing a high sense The average homeowner today carof regard and courtesy to your wives in ries only 40% enough fire insurance. Let us check your

viris a wonderful Courtesythe home. to He's thinking what his backward replacement valthe intue, be should shown and it to cost, instead of property forward

home. Courtesy is saying "thank you"; what it would cost to REPLACE it. ues for you.

"if you please"; "pardon me."Have

you forgotten those terms in the home?

Children, hearing them, will themselves to to courteous and motherbecome UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. other. to each homefather, and The

is the place to teach the virtues of soHeber J. Grant & Co., General Agents Salt Lake City

(Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1955 967 President David 0. McKay Continued

little How ciety. The home is the place to intongue as well as your actions? Do not

still to the that thing your mind the faith that has been emphasized say comes conference. this a quickthings by and wrong, go when does it cost in

Husbands, remember the covenants tempered remark wound her who has

affections to your be led away temper. for the finest youpermithave made to your wives. Do not given her life to you. Control your

children. of from the mother your Yes, you see weaknesses. The women

Mothers, do not forget that you owe see them in us husbands, too. I'll tell

something to your children and to your you they see them! They control their Dutch Cocoa? husband. You, too, can keep yourself tongues more frequently, I think, than

attractive. too, refrain us reverence do. You, Let can from womanhood. we bit over a cup, that's a penny A

fault. it of it, Is all you finding too, think strange, contribute You, not can you when for pay Droste Cocoa from Haarlem, to the happiness of the world thing that contentment and the one of which

Holland. So rich a single teaspoon of the home, the sweetest place on earth. has accused this Church is the one

it makes the tastiest cup of cocoa That is about as near heaven as you thing in which this Church deserves you've ever sipped! (You need as much will get here. Do not make it a hell. most credit—keeping the home pure and

as three teaspoons of inferior brands.) Some do. stable, educating children in the faith

So smooth it doesn't have a smidgen We have had too many broken homes of our fathers, faith in the Lord Jesus of sediment. Prepare Droste Cocoa since the war, too many separations by Christ and the Father and in the restoradivorce. gospel. Let us reduce of the that number. tion right in the

is this use at terminating cup just by adding hot There here a final is no appeal a marriage Now, milk sugar. and

just of to for because a go conference misunderstandings. us to go few home,

Try creamy, pure Droste Chocolates, Guard against misunderstandings by back and set our homes in order. God

too, Droste Chocolate Apples and curbing your tongue. You hold the bless you in so doing, I pray in the

Tangerines, Pastilles, and assortpriesthood. Can't you control your name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

ments. You'll find they're the finest,

tastiest chocolates you've ever tried.

stores, rightminded At everywhere. THE WAY OF THE CHURCH write store Or for name of nearest you.

(Continued from page 903) Eisler, Iesous Basileus, etc. (Heidelberg,

an impossible one, still we shall ex1929), I, xiv ff.

pect thee."32 Where now is the 20A.19Ibid.,Schweitzer,I, 205. Gesch. der Leben-]esuclerical sangfroid and bon sens? Forschung (Tubingen, 1921), III, 2.

When the world is topsyturvy and R. Bultmann, "Zur Frage der Entmyththe danger is real, Christians have a ologisierung,"Theologische Zeitschrift X

93: es solches ein "Dass Zusprechen (1954), remembering way of suddenly how

gibt, als Gott nicht Gottesidee indem gospel are those to the fundamental als hier Gott, der sondern und jetzt... mein

eschatological and Messianic conzu mir spricht, u.zw. durch den Mund von

cepts of which official Christianity Menschen, das ist der 'entmythologisierte'disapproves. The ancient faith was Sinn des ho logos sarx egeneto, der kirchno summertime religion, and its prelichen Inkarnationslehre."The reader will

occupation with eschatology—the noteall butthatincomprehensible,the author's translation,still lacks thoughsome- "end of all things"—no "brainsick thing of the density of the German original.

fullcolor Droste RecipeFREEBooklet shows how Droste nightmare"but a hardwon decision The authority of mere jargon in these disCocoa makes delicious beverages to consider things as they are. cussions cannot be overestimated.

(such as vanilla cocoa), cakes, canIbid., p. 94. The remarks on the preceddies H. desserts. and Write here. Hamstra (To be continued) ing note apply

Co., Main J. 145 Ave., Clifton, N.

loc. 23Schweitzer,

BIBLIOGRAPHY 24The subject is treatedcit. at length by Eisler,

his work, Henderson, see Ian and Come,"mann 25M. Burrows, Kingdom "Thy MMJ COCOA nFor the best general treatment of Bultop. cit. I, 179ff. the Testament Literature (No. Myth in 7 of Journal p. New of Biblical 74 (1955), Imported from Holland

Press, Biblical 8. Theology, in Studies SCM

1952). We have avoided using the word 2eIbid., p. 3.

existentialism in this discussion to keep from wO. Cullmann, Urchristentum und Gottbecoming too involved in definitions and esdienst (Zurich; ZwingliVerlag, 1950), p. 16mm Films distinctions. 57.

every for 1011. Ward group ''Ibid., pp. Kirche "Die E. von Dobschiitz, im UrIN FEATURES TECHNICOLOR

9. "Ibid., p. Zeitschr. christentum,"Wissen- f. Neutest. To Song Remember

Ten Tall Men "Ibid., p. 12. schaft 28 (1929), p. 108. Henderson, op.

of Rogues Sherwood Forest 15See H. Nibley's discussion in The World cit., p. I3f, makes the same objection: BultDisney's Valley Beaver

Disney's Nature's Half Acre and the Prophets (Salt Lake City: Deseret mann "ignores the fact that Christianity is

Disney's Seal Island Book, 1954), p. 14. an event."

Technicolor Cartoons 118f. Henderson, op. cit., p. 13. Italics are au29In Ztschr. 27 (1928), f. NT Wiss.

22 Disney's studios, from many from Cothor's. etc., 39. Lagrange, Messianisme, pp. 135, Mr. including lumbia Academy Magoo,

Award winner Gerald McBoing Boing, and 17H. Winckler, in Die Keilinschriften und For an official statement, see R. Koch,

Madeline. das Alte Testament (3rd ed., Berlin, 1903), "Der Gottesgeist und der Messias,"Biblica

Reasonable Rental on these and pp. 209ff, 222ff. XXVII (1946), 26ff.

hundreds of others 18E.g., Bauer, Kalthoff, Hoekstra, Pierson, 32Riccardo Avallone, "Veni, Christe!"AnHILLAM'S Naber,Smith, P.E. Jensen,Johnson,C. J.P. M.Fuhrmann,Robertson,A. Drews,W. B. lationtiquitasfromVIII G.(1953),Papini,1721.which,Thishowever,is a transthe

Salt Place 54 Post Office editor considers applicable to P. L. particularly Lake City, Utah A. George Niemojewski, Couchard,

3-5417 Phone EM is time. present discussed Brandes. (Id. p. 21.) by R. the The subject

968 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This year your gas company has brought the warmth of natural gas to many more homes in the area we serve. For this we are both

proud and thankful. And now, as the yule

approaches, all of us at Mountain Fuel Supply

Company wish you and yours a most joyous holiday season. We are proud to be a factor in

the development of this territory.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY CO.

DECEMBER 1955 969 FROM THE

;.:-.;;i;-.;": """

Sw

. Won

HHlnc Deseret Booh Co.

44 Fast South Temple -- Salt Lake City. Utah

ii. 10. ISRAEL!

YOUTH, LOVE AND MARRIAGE DO YOU KNOW?

Dr. Rex A. Skidmore W-B$mBM:EM LeGrand Richards

An ideal gift for all the teenagers on your ChristThe promises made to the mas list. Dr. Skidmore is a popular leader of House of Judah by the Lord

youth and an eminent authority in the field of are related with deep insight courtship and marriage. In this book he gives wise and are compared with timely

counsel and advice to those contemplating marriage happenings. In this book you

and points the way to the establishment of an ideal become aware of the actual home situation. $2.75 fulfillment of ancient prophecies. $2.00

970 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1. 2. New this fall...

WHERE IS CHERISHED THE TEN WISDOM? EXPERIENCES COMMANDMENTS

Addresses of From the Writings of TODAY

President Stephen L Richards President David O. McKay Hasthe needthe atomicfor theage TenoutgrownComorigi- contains outThis book many were which mandments, Middlemiss Clare by Compiled peoto a pastoral nally addresses asstanding well as

? ago centuries manygiven shares Presidentselections of a McKay wealth from queschallenging the many pleThat's

experihis faithpromoting sevof is byaddresses President by answered that tion made

Council the of eral members book. this wonderful in ences to religious groups,Richards

Field- (Joseph the Twelve of more personal made orservicebusiness meetings, He has Lee, B. Harold Smith, ing

ganizations, and in General contacts than any other PresiSpencer W. Kimball, Mark E.

Richards, LeGrand throughout Saints with dent Speakers andConference. Richand Bennion, Petersen,Adam This heartwarm- world. the will findteachers an abundance Superby and S.Evans) L. ard

of Curtis dehis reflects R. deep Elbert book ing intendent toof material from which

Cleon and W. the YMMIA sincerity. $3.00 votion andquote. $3.50 fac- Y. U. B. the of Skousen

?2.00 ulty.

The newest "spoken word"5. 6.

OUR LORD FROM THE OF THE GOSPELS THE SPIRIT GIVETH

CROSSROADS LIFE J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

Richard L. Evans Lynn A. McKinlay

a harmony contains book This brief, fourscore than More and its fresh with book, life in This the events all the of designed thoughts inspirational First the to approach in different the found are as Jesus of and uncertainty, of times for shows Gospel, the of Principles the of King Gospels Four parperplexed for indecision, baprepentance, faith, Nephi Third version and how James of search in for youth ents, the Holy of gift the and tism, of Truly in the Mormon. Book

live those future, for who a daily to directly apply the Ghost book on magnificent a those for who loneliness, in $2.00 living. life of teachings and divine

future. in The the faith need $5.00 Saviour! our word""spoken of sixth book

sermonettes. $2.75

7. 1 THE KINGDOM ABC'S OF MAN, HIS ORIGIN

OF GOD AMERICAN AND DESTINY RESTORED GENEALOGICAL Joseph Fielding Smith

Carter E. Grant RESEARCH This book is written with a

inforof the contains understanding new book This thorough

E. Kirkham Kay

vital scien- a of presentday makes IHIA108I6 which confusion mation edition.) revised An (New theories history. philosophic to Church tific contribution and

for the textbook outstanding fascination to relationship the true their with reads It and

Genein American beginner brilgos- verities adventure, the of of novel a eternal the of this book alogical Research, incishows pioneer relating Smith pel. liantly President

informaof a wealth contains other have scriptures past and divine of the dents how fill family in to tion on how to or proved refuted down information been valuable never pedigree sheets and group philosoadministration scientists or present false & ', HAM by the of L all detail in treats It charts. $4.00 O. McKay. David phers. President

genein steps the necessary $4.00

alogical research. $1.75

—Open a convenient 30day charge account—

Deseret 13. 44 tan South Temple - Salt Lake City Utah

12. COMMENTARY ON

BOOK COMPANY Salt Lake City, Utah Temple, East South PROPHECY AND THE BOOK OF 44DESERETGentlemen: MODERN TIMES MORMON Enclosed you will find ( ) check { ) money order ( )

the following amount $ to my account books: (numbered) encircled W. Cleon Skousen I Volume One chargefor the

Reynolds and George latterday This book contains 2 3 4 5 6 M. Sjodahl Janne those including prophecies,

concerning the final war beThis new book is an excellent 9 10 11 12 13 fore the millennium. All of commentary on the Book of

discussed with are them I Nephi from inMormon to Name...

understanding, and sight and as serves an excelOmni. It

related to current happenings lent guide, and offers renewed Address in the world. $1.75 enthusiasm for scriptural reading. $5.00 City Zone StateResidents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

DECEMBER 1955 971 ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON

(Continued from page 899) terest in that particular plaque, I took Could a person accurately depict the personally to the Temple of the advantage of the situation and asked: likeness of an animal of which he

Plaques several times during our two "If there were no horses in America was completely unfamiliar?"

days'stay at this archaeological site before the coming of the Spaniards, Immediately several members of then how is it that the Maya Indians the touring party replied that it apfor the purpose of photographing the horse under various lighting condiwho erected this edifice knew enough peared to them that the people who tions, taking thirty to forty exposures. about the appearance of a horse to erected the building and carved on it

The fact that the photographs turned carve its likeness on this building? the likeness of the horse would have

out well this time was very gratifying. t:>>>\>y>>JJX2vJ\J>v>3\iN

At the end of the tour the party returned to themembers United \Jn cLli/ina Arwau JJtovneStates; and then, accompanied Otto by

Done, a professional photographer, Richard L. Evans

and Jose Davila, a Mexican guide who belongs to the Church, I took W/ith school under way once more, and also for opportunianother three weeks'trip, visiting ties for work, many young people find themselves away primarily the archaeological sites lofrom home—some for the first time. Not only with young

cated in the jungles off the beaten people, but with others also, the problem of how to behave paths usually followed by tourists. away from home is a persistent problem. But it shouldn't

However, we included Chichen Itza in be a particularly perplexing problem, because a person is our itinerary, since we desired to take what he is wherever he is, and principles don't change with moving pictures of the gorgeous temgeography. But sometimes people suppose that there is a

ples and pyramids as well as of the different code of conduct away from home, and that they likeness of the horse. can count on not being known. This might be true in fiction,

On this later trip to Chichen Itza but it isn't true in fact. Such plots have a host of variations

I had a very interesting experience. in a long line of literature. But in life we cannot count

I was standing south of the Temple on not being known. Fugitives have often found this out.

of the Plaques when a Mexican guide Sometimes they go to the ends of the earth; but almost surely,

came around the building with a sooner or later someone discovers their identity. Gambling

group of American tourists. Pointon not being known isn't a very good gamble. Often people

ing to the carvings on the wall, he are surprised at meeting friends in far places. But seasoned

explained to his party members that travelers learn never to be surprised at meeting almost anythis building was called the Temple one almost anywhere. (We may think to lose ourselves in

of the Plaques, because the ancient the big city, but, trite as it may seem to say so, it is a small

Mayans who had constructed it had world), and if we engage in unbecoming conduct a thouplaced a panel composed of carved sand miles away, the news will likely get back sooner than rocks in both the north and south we will. Those who let down their standards away from

walls of the building and that these home often learn this and often have cause to be very much carvings depicted the various animals, embarrassed. But this isn't the only reason for behaving

birds, and other forms of life with ourselves well away from home. We ought to have enough

which the ancient builders were acsense and courage and character to do it anyway. Our

quainted. principles and selfrespect should give us reason enough to

conduct ourselves in the highest code and character no matter to pointed the carving one He on shift shouldn't principles with are. Personal where weof rocks of the the panel saying:

principle of question if there were even no geography. But

is the likeness of a"That deer"; and

still it reto well conscience, of be would question no and to pointingthen others declared: he seen that can't just be sure won't be by that we we member

are of likenesses"Those monkeys, again. record see shall sometime Our someone we whom of parrots,those of those eagles."and

often that, us. they travel than with More and reputation

in to then pointed he the rockAnd or anywhere. almost away us At home precede and up show

I especially interestedwhich was and is there Furthermore, rely being known. cannot on we

thisremarked: as rock, will you "On conduct and good good reason no we why notshould—because isnote, likeness of carved the a horse

character are matters of permanent principle, and not merely it; standingwith beside but a man

or not matters of whether it isof definitely course understood so is what indelible—and we weare—noare known.matter Ourwhereidentitywe are.*is universallyand that there known

were no horses in America before the discovery of this land by Columbus. "VL Spoken i/l/ord from temple square

The first horses were brought here PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING by the Spaniards."SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 25, 1955 Copyright, 1955

I was not a member of his party of * Revised.

tourists, but because of my special in972 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA had considerable knowledge regarding those animals.

Upon listening to our conversation and conclusions on what appeared tous to be so obvious a fact, the MexiHENTZcan guide paused, thought for a few Of Things Not Seen moments, and then replied: "I suppose that conclusion is correct. I had

never thought of it in that light before. It appears that I will have to r

change my story and conclude that by Harriet H. Houser

the ancient Mayans possessed horses at the time they erected this building, although it may be true that the This is the true story of the faith, determination and horse had become extinct before the courage of a mother who fought for the life of her son.

coming of the Spaniards."

The reader will observe that the Harriet Houser's son Hentz was critically injured. His

horse is rather small in stature and family was told that there was no hope of recovery. But

is unthat the in comparison man Mrs. Houser was not to be defeated, and in this story she least large.usually There may be at

two explanations for this exaggerated tells of the inspiring spiritual triumph which sustained contrast. First, the horses in Yucaher in this crisis. Her discovery of unseen resources will

tan at the present time are very small brighten the lives of many readers who search for new animals, those used for taxi service at

Merida being approximately five to courage and a way to victory over the threat of despair.

six hundred pounds in weight, and $3.50

they may have been comparatively as small in Yucatan during ancient times. Second, it may be that the

artist was attempting to show perspec60 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK 11, N.Y.

tive by carving the man rather large in proportion to his horse, indicating that the man was standing nearer the observer than was his horse.

Another point of interest on this plaque is that the man is pictured with a rather long beard, probably indicating that he was a representa- \rJpmJb \\m4"-"A> tive of the bearded white race which constituted a portion of the populatime, at that Itza tion of Chichen 5 family dinner lineage. Nephite being ofpossibly

Regarding this race of people, Dr. once a week

Gregory Mason wrote:

... Maya sculpture showing bearded men, at the

in the attitude of conquerors, led Dr. George

Vaillant to suggest that a bearded race ruled these lands before the ascendancy of COFFEE the Mayas. 6 'SHOP

The likeness of the horse carved on the Temple of the Plaques at

Chichen Itza does not stand alone as evidence that the inhabitants of ancient America possessed horses, as is claimed by the Book of Mormon.

Other archaeological finds collaborate these claims; for example, Thomas

Cities Ancient his book, and Gann, in reHotel Utah in 1926, published Times,Modern corded another archaeological find of Max Carpenter great importance, sustaining the Manager (Continued on following page)

EMilton R. Hunter, "Archaeology and the Book of

Mormon,"The Improvement Era (Salt Lake City,

July, 1955), vol. 58, p. 522.

"Gregory Mason, South of Yesterday (New York,

DECEMBER1940), p. 137. 1955 973

ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OE MORMON dores,that thesethe twoevidencehorses'seemsheadstomayindicatehave (Continued from preceding page) Another archaeological find in been carved many years before the claims made by the Jaredite and Yucatan, reported by Desire Charnay Spanish conquest of Yucatan. Also

this additional furnishes discovery of in historians anhorsesNephite in to furnish unusual seems 1887, of that inhabitants anthe evidencecient that pointed America. out He that before the Spanish evidence

is as horses, cient possessed America cities ofcertain of the the Old Maya Indians posConquest the Mayan keepers record the ancient claimed by "... flourished the duringEmpire horses. wrote: sessed Mr. Charnay of the Book Mormon. who wrote fifthfourth centuries A.D.,"and and

then he wrote that "... two little... the discovery is due to S. Salisbury Not only have the remains of

figurines heads been found picked were at Xuyum, up of horses'a group whilst exploring in 1861, at Lubaanwho 7..."the likeness of a horse carved Yucatan, a horse.tun, one of hacienda near the mounds and structures

of fifteen of miles Merida, north of at Xuyum, the the Plaques on Temple inhabiancient MayaIndian The horses'heads, the unearthed remains of two Itza, of figurine the a Chichen and not could have of those townstants of bristling chalk, very hard with made of area in horse the found Copan of horse likeness a figurine a likemade zebra. hair con- a shows work The

if they were completely unfamiliar siderable artistic skill, and the explorer Central America, all of which definitewith those animals. This figurine thinks that they formed part of some basly connote the fact that Indians in

to evidence additionaladds the Book molishedreliefs whichmonuments.had belonged8 to the depost-Bookof-Mormonhorses, but also very timesrecentlypossessed(only inhabitants that theof claims Mormon

of ancient America possessed horses. three or four years ago) a figurine of

If this figurine was carved sometime Since these two horses'heads were a horse, having the appearance of befound among the archaeological ruins ing very old, was discovered by theduring the fourth or fifth century

A.D., it would date during the closing of an ancient Mayan building, and natives of the upper Rio Grijalva

years of Nephite history or shortly since Father Landa maintained that south of the city of Tuxtla, Chiapas, after the close of the Book of Morthe Indians of Yucatan were comMexico. Thomas Stuart Ferguson of

mon record and approximately six pletely unfamiliar with horses when Oakland, California, and John Sorenhundred years before the likeness of they first saw the ones brought to the son, of Provo, Utah, were in that part on the horsethe was carved Temple New World by the Spanish conquista- (cir. 1556) "Diego de Landa

Itza. Plaques at Chichenof the p. 203,, Relacioncited inde Miltonlas CosasR. (1941 ed.), Yucatan de

8S. Salisbury, The Mayans (Worchester, 1877), p. Hunter and Thomas Stuart Ferguson, Ancient America

"Thomas Gann, Ancient Cities and Modern Times 25, cited in Desire Charnay, The Ancient Cities of the and the Book of Mormon (Oakland, Calif., 1950), p.

(New York, 1926), p. 229. New World (New York, 1887), pp. 383384. 310.

eiry Uniistmas

nx

from all of us

3k HILAM) DAIEy

974 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of Mexico in 1953 doing archaeologivital importance is that herein lies cal research in behalf of the New one more strong evidence that horses

World Archaeological Foundation. were owned and used by man in antry Clabber Girls

They conversed with several people cient America, as is claimed by the who testified that they had seen this Book of Mormon.

figurine, and one of them, a wellOn September 17, 1955, Mr. Erickeducated schoolteacher, gave them an son graciously escorted Stewart B.

affidavit claiming that the horse Eccles and me to the Pictured Rocksfigurine was genuine and appeared to where for several hours we studied Lemon Loaf be very old. The writer has examand photographed the Indian pictoined the affidavit and is of the opinion graphs. We discovered another likethat the evidence of the recent disness of a horse which he had not

covery of that horse figurine seems heretofore observed. It was accomto be genuine. panied by two men. A mountain ram

The upper Rio Grijalva region conwas carved on the same rock with the stitutes a section of America wherein horse, standing directly above it.

very little archaeological work has There were approximately one hunbeen undertaken; however, the New dred pictographs on these rocks,

World Archaeological Foundation has artistically carved, and all appearing an archaeological expedition there at to have been made during the same the present time and anticipates doperiod. We agreed with Mr. Ericking extensive work. Most of the artison in his conclusion that the evifacts discovered in that region have dence pointed to a rather great

been classified as coming from the antiquity for these pictographs.

preclassic period which dates back Science has experienced much progto Book of Mormon times. If the ress since the days of the Prophet Lemon Loaf Cake is truly flavor fresh,

horse figurine was made during that Joseph Smith, producing an abun- a fine example of how delicious a with only baked be when cake may that horses were evidence dance of period, it couldsame have been made loaf, a as ingredients. Baked fresh that in ancient America and numerous orby either a Lamanite. a Nephite base a serve as slice to and it is easy

they here contemporaneously were Baked or sauces. ice fruits, cream for Carl A. Erickson Vista, of Monte Indians. the There with American fits the into it ideally cupcakes asColorado, a has nonMormon who Fresh box. lunch the or of discoveries menu family have been numerous

made archaeology a hobby throughbones of horses "... found in associaClabber Girl Baking Powder guarout most of his lifetime, read the tion with human relics in North and antees its flavor and light texture.

writer's in statement 10 ImproveThe irrefAmerica,"South supplying CAKE LOAF LEMON regarding in horses Era ancientment cake loaf -inch that utable evidence Indians and 5 K Yield: 1—9HAmerica to cupcakes and thereupon brought -inch or 2 lAx 24—of horses inhabited the Americas both grated teaspoons 2 sifted cups office the 2A of the photographmy rind lemon flour allpurpose Indians that simultaneously the and

1 lemon teaspoon of Clabber pictograph teaspoons horses published 2A of extensive including use them, extract in this made Powder Baking Girl article. took the photograph separated He eggs, 3 salt teaspoon A of in for times horses using food

salt teaspoon or butter Vi cup A nearly thirty years ago. informed He all dissugar of cup these hunger. Perhaps margarine A

the writer that four horses with riders coveries have been made since the A cup sugar 'A cup milk and Powder, flour, Baking together one horse Sift and a rider without conof of publishing the butter Book together Mormon. salt. Cream teaspoon % stitute rmd, the sugar, lemon ''A complete horse group on cup margarine, or

in Beat less thoroughly. especially in Caves, the extract humid lemon and is the pictograph fluffy. located nine which light and until mixture yolks egg of sections until the salt served Americas, have teaspoonis whites and egg A Beat miles of southwest Vista Monte on sugar in the cup beat Gradually A foamy. best as for the depositories animal peaks. Add stiff, moist form whites until ledges calledsome Pictured Rocks. altermixture yolk to egg ingredients dry fossils relics. and Perhaps on human ingredients dry adding milk, with nately

is mixture until only to years last; beat After having devoted and many killed occasions aniIndians numerous

in beaten Fold addition. after each smoothfirst this of pictograph, greased and the Mr. a study into for Pour whites. into mals food and brought egg them pan. loaf 2 3A-\nch x x 5 batterA 9H it gives that Erickson concluded has about oven the caves (moderate) 350 they F. occupying. in which a were flouredBake

oiled or greased in 24 bake 1 hour. Or antiquity, of considerable evidence temat same the animal occasions pans certain muffin -inch x 2Vi On IK

minutes. for 20 perature Indians having been by many made the left debris the in on were bones

years before the discovery of America. cavern floors. Human artifacts of

His conclusion was drawn from the various kinds also were lost in the fact that there appears on the same dirt which may have fallen from the Remember, it's the fresh ingredients rocks with the horses representations roof of the cave and thereupon interin your homebaked recipe that of Mayan gods similar to those demingled with bones of the animals. make things taste better;

picted in codices and archaeological And so, especially during the past stay fresh longer! OiBE*

ruins of Yucatan and Guatemala. Mr. hundred years, caves have served as <5IRt

Erickson's careful study of the comfruitful spots for archaeologists. Many

plete pictograph has convinced him discoveries of relics of past ages have that the representations of the Maya been made which have helped to tell gods and the horses were carved the story of life in ancient America. VtRTIStDj

as early as perhaps simultaneously,

Sellards, lnE. H. Itza (apthe building of Chichen Early Man in America (Austin, isas nowthe BakingExclusivelyPowderKnown Texas, p. 110. 1952),

proximately 1000 A.D.). A point of (Continued on following page) with the Balanced Double Action.

DECEMBER 1955 975 ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON example,been madein thein debrisSouth whichAmerica;coveredfor

in of floor the Cave Palli Aike the (Continued from preceding page) horses whose bones were found there of approxito thickness the Chile

Dr. E. H. Sellards has written a could have been used in relatively mately three feet were found in

times by modern the "morevery scholarly recent comprehensive and. fragments, 1938 ". bone. many

sustaining Indians,"thus claims the discoveries,book 11 on the various artifacts, bones stone and bone and especially in caves, made by scientists made by the Book of Mormon that of horse, sloth, and guanaco. The

of fossil horses and human artifacts horses were possessed by man in anartifacts included rubbing stones, in their relationship to each other. cient America. many scrapers, stemmed projectile

His book is highly respected by scienDr. Sellards reported another arpoints, and one nonstemmed point.

tists and regarded as an accurate chaeological find as follows: "20

presentation of these discoveries. In

it he wrote: E. B. Howard, J. L. Cotter, and their asIn 1926, Dr. PadbergDrenkpol of

sociates, representing the University of the Rio National Museum discovered

In 1846, M. W. Dickenson announced the Pennsylvania Museum and the Academy of the entrance to one of the caves in

discovery of an interesting group of verteNatural History of Philadelphia, excavated the Laguna Santa region of eastern side artifacts fossils by horse and human fossils,brate of include part which for a human Brazil been closed had which side north at the the Baxter side Ranch onpelvis of the [and a horse], bones near of years de- a conglomerate by many in of Roosevelt County, Blackwater draw Mississippi.Natchez, Lyell, examined who stones. fallen cave and of The to bris 1933 years the Mexico, during Newthe fospelvic of the other bone and man

sils states that the human bone "appeared 1937. was named Confins Cave. Seven

to be quite in the same state of preservation years later (1933) the excavation of and was of the same black color as the In 1941 at Sulphur Springs in the cave was undertaken by the

.. fossilsother differs that the. and bone Arizona, Professor southeastern Byron of Geraes. Science of Minas Academy

other respectin no of correthat the from of the bones Cummings discovered of of animals a number The fossils ofsponding recent bone man."12

several different kinds of animals, were obtained from the debris on the of those the horse, assofloor horse. cave, including the of the artiincluding In 1916 skeleton and a human 17 artifacts. ciated with human skeleton, partial a In 1935facts human were found Beach, at Vero

Florida, associated with the remains Sandia Cave, in the Sandia Mountains of including the skull, was found under of various animal bones such as the New Mexico, contains deposits in which the animal fossils which had been mammoth and the horse. An analysis are found artifacts and vertebrate fossils... previously discovered.

horse, [which] include camel, mastodon, fossilof bones Heizer was made by 18 is and bison. bones of the [human] The condition of theand of Calielephant, University Cook

similar of the to that reported to have been fornia in which these men concluded Nineteen whole or broken arrow associate fossil animals. Inasmuch as the

that the to bones appeared be human sealed evidently long been entrance had points were intermingled found with cave it is the that conconcluded wasof the man antiquity as of same those the of the bones the vertebrate animals, 13 fossil of animals the with temporaneousanimals, indicating thus of the use 21 other evidences beings and cave. the of humanhorses in ancient by America. men lived there having present. were

hones The a horse and of of a numofber other have mammals been E. W. Haury and others in 1950 It is impossible to ascertain the

found in Friesenhahn Cave, located excavated the floor of the Ventana exact date of that particular man, but near the inner margin of the Texas Cave, southwestern Arizona. The it is quite definite that he knew and

horse, as is the associated with was having a thickness maximum Plain.Coastal scraper was found floor, A

of claimed of ten Mormon. in the Book of deposits composed feet, was fossilswith the is apparently which

of the same age. 14 consisting chiefly of fine dust conWhen the Prophet Joseph Smith,

Dr. Sellards described the excavataining animal bones, fragments of in his innocence and complete untions made chiefly during 1930 under rocks, and debris resulting from hufamiliarity with the worldly viewman habitation. A permanent spring point on the subject of horses in anthe direction of the Southwest Museum of Los Angeles in the Gypsum flows from the cave which made this cient America, translated the Book of

Cave, Clark County, Nevada, as folspot a desirable place for human Mormon and published the claims lows: habitation. Remains of such animals made by the ancient writers that they

as the wolf, fourpronged antelope, possessed horses, such claims hit diGypsum Cave had been inhabited, perand the horse were among the fossil rectly counter to those made by the haps intermittently, through a long period remains. There were also found at vast majority of writers of his day;

of time and contains relics of early man and the same levels such human artifacts however, the evidence presented in fossil Indians.of modern more Among of evidences and lived having humans this article of of the the forepart

. horse. are plants well the..remains The

. there as "... charcoal.. projectile likeness the of a horse carved on of are all to preserved be identifiedenough

species now growing in southern Nevada. points, knives, scrapers, gravers, Temple of the Plaques at Chichen

, 15 choppers, plains, hammer stones, and Itza, added to that of the discovery of grinding stones...,"19 two horses'heads in the ancient

Since the plants which had been Not only have horse fossils and ruins of Xuyum, Yucatan, the finding preserved could be identified with all human artifacts been found side by of a horse figurine at Lubaantun, the species now growing in southern side in various caves in North AmerCentral America, as well as another

Nevada, it seems to indicate that the ica, but also similar discoveries have one on the upper Grijalva River,

Ibid., pp. 1-211. southern Mexico, and the pictograph

uIbid., p. 87. Italics are supplied by the writer. Ibid., pp. 2931.

79. lsIbid., 9091. "Ibid., p. pp. 83. wIbid., p. 97. 94. p. lbid., uibid., p.

Ibid., pp. 7778. Ibid., pp. 7981. 21Ibid., p. 98.

976 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of horses near Monte Vista, Colorado, of time in ancient America. Alfurnish an abundance of irrefutable though more than one hundred years

evidence of man's association with have passed since Joseph's death, horses in ancient America, as is scientific discoveries during that periclaimed in the Book of Mormon. The od have thoroughly vindicated the

numerous horse fossils discovered with claims made relative to horses by the human relics and human bones, disancient writers and published by a cussed in the latter part of the article, latterday prophet—thus evidence

also clearly show the close contact of from the dust has strongly testified.

man and horse during a long period (To he continued)

(1sSv5\3&5&SSs5v5v? FOR CHURCHES

LARGE OR SMALL CHOOSE Jurts /warborina OW Richard L. Evans

rTHE pressures and impatience and thoughtlessness of life, our relationships with others are often likely to be less considerate than they should be—and all of us it seems,

are almost sure to have our feelings hurt from time to time and often, unthinkingly, are likely to hurt the feelings of others also. Sometimes the consequences of hurt feelings,

of personal offense, have been appallingly serious, far out of proportion to the first cause, as men have stubbornly misunderstood one another and families and others implacably have fought and feuded (like Shakespeare's Capulets and

Montagues), and the lives of the innocent have been blighted done—because(like Romeo andsomeoneJuliet),hasandhadirreparablehis pride damageinjured,hasbecausebeen

someone has had his feelings hurt. It is true that people are

often thoughtless, often inconsiderate, blunt, undiplomatic, sometimes cruel, and often deal with others the wrong way.

But men being as they are, imperfect as they are, so long as finest Electronic America's Organ live with one another, are sometimes going we to have we with performance amazing feelings hurt, others our they even when don't know.. thrilling selection tone, wide have and.

hurt us. There likely isn't one of us who hasn't been hurt of solo "voices"and rich, full

(and likely there isn't one of us who hasn't hurt others, organ effects—can be delivered

whether we know it or not). But if too easily we assume a inservicestime thisto makeChristmasyourmorechurchinmartyr's role, if we nurture and magnify our hurts, if we spiring, more effective. Organ

withdraw ourselves from fellowship, from activity, and sulk committeescordially invitedand toindividualscome inforfreeare and brood and let our injuries fester, we do serious damage demonstration at no obligation.

to ourselves, our families, our friends, and to the causes we served. might healing have in the following process As

of kinds surgery, of so hurts the heart, some hurt pride, and aunes Music injured feelings can sooner be healed if we don't nurse them 15 E. 1st SO.

long, too out, active. 5affate sooner Life up, and C/fy and if we are

BLVD..06DEN

goes it or not, in 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVO ''2260 WASHINGTON sitting aside on whether go with and we hurt silence when there are things to be done is one unfortunate way of letting life waste away. We do ourselves

great damage by languishing too long in injured inactivity.

We commend once more these words recalled from an unidentified author: "In the very depths of your soul, dig a

grave; let it be as some forgotten spot to which no path

leads; and there in the eternal silence bury the wrongs which

you have suffered. Your heart will feel as if a load had

fallen from it, and a divine peace will come to abide with you 53* give/0/ > J ZJke Spoken lA/ord from temple square Chocolates

PRESENTED OVER BROADCASTING KSL AND THE COLUMBIA;"'.- AT YOUR FAVORITE

2, 1955 SYSTEM, OCTOBER CANDY COUNTER

Copyright, 1955

Revised.

DECEMBER 1955 977

ThePresiding

PALO ALTO (CALIFORNIA) STAKE LEADERS Instructions Concerning FETE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD MEMBERS

Stake Aaronic Priesthood M Award Records rft&a..

It is apparent that stake committees in many instances are not aware of their responsibility concerning the stake

Aaronic Priesthood award.

Since we published our honor roll of stakes earning the award for 1954, we have discovered a surprising number of stakes which, in all probability, could have earned the award except fact for the that one or more wards:;: iipi 3 -

failed either application have to make for individual awards earned or to report their average enrolment and the fact that there were no boys who qualiBishop Carl W. Buehner, second counIn the photo left to right are: L. A.

fied for the award. selor to Presiding Bishop Joseph L. Johnson, chairman of the committee;

not It should be overlooked that beWirthlin, guest speaker was when the Stake President David B. Haight; Bishfore a stake Aaronic Priesthood award Palo Alto stake leaders and ward were

can be issued, each ward and branch hosts to Aaronic Priesthood bearers op Buehner; Presidents Richard B.

within the stake must either apply for under twentyone at their annual banSonne and Sidney V. Badger, counselors

individual awards earned or report to quet. to President Haight.

the Presiding Bishopric's Office that no such awards were earned specifying the average enrolment of Aaronic Priesthood twelve to twentyone during the twelve his parents the episode closed in these months of the year. words Group Advisers Should

It is the responsibility of stake the.. them, he went with And down

to committee the abovesee that one of. and Develop Persistence

.. subject unto was 2:51.) them:. (Luke

named reports is sent from each ward and branch if a stake Aaronic PriestThere is no doubt that Jesus was hood aw7 ard is to be issued. obedient as a child and as a youth, but group adviser recently said of one of These instructions coming at this time the full significance of his obedience, as A the senior members of the Aaronic

of the year should enable each stake he increased in glory, is told by Paul Priesthood assigned to him, "There is no committee to discuss this matter with in his message to the Hebrews: use working with that man any longer.

I isn't tried tried, have but and he just to set bishoprics in and such motion yet a Son, he were learned Though he gospel. interested in to the seems He of assystems will checkup preclude obedience the suffered; things he by which resent to visit I don't him. coming my oversights during year. the coming perfect, being he the And became made

author of eternal salvation unto all them believe anyone will ever be able to get that obey him; (Hebrews 5:8-9.) that man active in the Church. Why

should I waste my time with him?"

The kind of obedience which Jesus isWard Teaching exhibited is the type of obedience which Who knows but what the battle ward teachers should demonstrate, nearly won? Who knows but what the

Jesus Sets Example neither questioning nor procrastinating. next visit would be the turning point

If obedient, in the sense that Jesus was in the man's life. An old proverb says,

in obedient, they respond willingly and "The night is darkest before the dawn."

promptly to the call of duty. They are History points out that the battle is

frequently intense just before more the to for us best demonstrate way apprehensive, not uncertain, or lackingThe armistice. victories Ah, the that have is for obedilove through the Lord in confidence, rather, are but they

ence to his commandments. Obedience optimistic, cheerful, and courageous in been won by persistence, when moments

is, and always will be, one of the surest the performance of duty. before the cause has seemed most hopetests of personal sincerity. The misSince Jesus is the author of eternal less.

sion of Jesus was the exemplification salvation, ward teachers are under obNo one should ever be given up as of obedience. Little is known of Jesus ligation to keep his commandments, and lost. There is a way to every man's

during the first three decades of his in addition they are expected to "see heart. There isn't a senior member in

life. Reference is made to only one that all the members do their duty."the Church but who can be reached by

incident during this thirtyyear period, This can be accomplished only through someone's using some technique. It is

and strangely enough it involved obedithe spirit of obedience on their part, easy to quit, but life's battles are not ence. That event occurred at the age and by their convincing the members of won by quitting. Perseverance is the

of twelve when he became lost in Jeruthe necessity for their yielding obediprice a group adviser must pay for sucsalem. After he had been found by ence also. cess.

978 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

Changes in Aaronic Priesthood Award Program Announced by Presiding Bishopric

is ordained a deaDuring the bishops'conference conbeen given full credit on the tithing A young man who ducted in the Salt Lake Tabernacle records of the Church. con after September 1 cannot earn the

September 30, 1955, the Presiding BishEach boy attending tithing settleindividual award for that year even opric announced certain changes in the ment should declare to his bishop though he is graduated from Primary.

requirements in the individual Aaronic whether he has paid a full tithing or Heretofore, a newly ordained deacon

Priesthood award program to become not. If he had no income whatever, who graduated from Primary could earn

effective January 1, 1956. he is exempt from the payment of tiththe award between the date of his ordiPresent requirements remain uning, but he is obligated, nevertheless, nation and December 31 regardless of

changed through December 31, 1955. to attend tithing settlement and inform how late in the year his ordination took

All applications for the individual his bishop accordingly. place.

award for 1955 should be based on the Failure to attend tithing settlement This change is made to eliminate the requirements as published in the handpersonally will automatically disqualify possibility for a boy to earn the same book for leaders of the Aaronic Priestthe boy for the award. award in two or three weeks which his

hood under twentyone, issued January fellow quorum members had to work 21, 1953. The announced changes are Attendance Seals months and perhaps the entire year to

as follows: 4. The 100 percent seal is retained, earn.

individual seal is affixed to each which Aaronic Priesthood Pin Sacrament Meeting the Priesthood Aaronic where award 1. Attendance at sacrament meeting young man has maintained a perfect 6. The Aaronic Priesthood pin award

(requirement 2) increased from 50 perrecord of attendance at priesthood and will be discontinued as of December cent to 75 percent. sacrament meeting during the year. 31, 1955.

seals are addition, In attendance two for this is to give change reason The of does the pin discontinuation The to percent a the program: 95 added (1) at to least equal attendance emphasis to 1955. year Each not the apply

for of seal to a record 100 percent 95 at as to attendance sacrament meeting individual four earns young man who at priesthood sacrament attendance and are at Saints meeting. priesthood The including awards, Priesthood Aaronic

for seal a a percent meeting, 90 (2) to meetattend sacrament commanded receive the also will 1955, for one of at to record percent attendance 95 90 ing, priesthood those the bear and who pin. Priesthood Aaronic

these meetings. to this in obedience lead comshould

of for discontinuation the Reasons seals are to take added two away The mandment.

include: Priesthood Aaronic pin the least of at the disappointment some

direct competition with It was in (1) to inability out of attain the Fast Offerings and Ward Teaching growing the award which Duty to God YMMIA circumstances goal 100 percent under 2. Requirement number eight is beyond the boy's control. is also a fouryear program and which

changed, specifying that: includes the earning of the Individual

a. A deacon must gather fast offerPrimary Graduates Aaronic Priesthood Awards; (2) the posings at least 75 percent of the months sibility of a letdown when young men

he is a deacon during the year. 5. A change was announced to the received the Aaronic Priesthood pin at

b. A teacher or priest must do ward effect that a boy who graduates from the end of four years with nothing more

teaching, visiting in the homes of the Primary and who is subsequently orthan the individual award to mark

Saints, at least 75 percent of the months dained a deacon before September 1 may succeeding achievements in the Aaronic he is a teacher or a priest during the earn the individual Aaronic Priesthood Priesthood; (3) to give added and unyear. award on the basis of a pro rata record divided attention and emphasis to the

The reason for this change is to disbetween the date of ordination and individual Aaronic Priesthood award abuse any thinking on the part of the December 31. program.

Aaronic Priesthood bearer that a fiftypercent performance of this responsibility is acceptable. AARONIC PRIESTHOOD AWARD RECORDS FOR 1954

Our award records for 1954 continue to climb. Belated applications are still

Tithing Settlement being received. We are happy to report the greatest award records ever recorded

history of program. the

3. specifies that in requirement One new

the first are nearing applications in order of the year award will be when We attend personally a must young man

It is for 1955. stake will that earned during awards hoped work and ward leaders tithing settlement the conducted annual

by the bishop and his counselors. to have applications in as soon as consistent and that delays, at least past the

In meeting this requirement the young middle of the year, will be avoided.

man is taught that it is his obligation, Our 1954 record compared with 1953 is as follows:

as it is the obligation of all members 1954 to Date 1953 Totals of the Church, to attend tithing settleStake Aaronic Priesthood Awards 30 12 ment at the end of each year. If he Ward Aaronic Priesthood Awards 629 364

has paid tithing during the year, he Individual Aaronic Priesthood Awards -'. 24,823 18,145

should take his tithing receipts with 100% seals, attendance at priesthood him. The bishop will examine the recand sacrament meetings....:.. 3,101 1,711

ords to see that the young man has Aaronic Priesthood Pins 6,922

DECEMBER 1955 979 LaFond Solomons LaFond T.

Solomon Festive Food Fare

by Allie Howe

holidays are more happyWith such a setting, LaFond's fun is 24 cup sugar

Happyeating days in the home of unlimited as she decorates for the 1 No. 2 can grapefruit

LaFond T. (Mrs. J. Dewey) holidays, but she especially appre- '/4 cup lemon juice

small pineapple shredded can for Y2 ciates in perfect spotSolomon, Las Vegas, Nevada, her big mantle—a of salt pinch is a a for retreat trimmings.LaFond's for Christmas gladsome And

egg whites, 2 stiffly beaten the hungry and for holiday callers. touch of Christmas smiles from the

And she is always eager and ready outside of her home because she beSoak gelatin in two tablespoons water.

lieves for for reat the passersby be time, should company, Christmas in for five Boil sugar water cup % especially, of is the takes patio Besides, the she advantage membered. one stir mixture. minutes into gelatin and

of Santa's generous gifts of the past, center for much holiday visiting, so Add grapefruit, lemon juice, pineapple, a big home freezer, and days, even outside decorations are a must. salt, and egg whites beaten until stiff.

weeks ahead, she rolls her homemade "The festive trim of foods is as imPlace in freezing trays and stir about holiday candies, freezes punch cubes, portant as home decoration at this three times while freezing. Serve in

mixes her oven dainties for the seaseason,"stresses LaFond. She recomfrosted cocktail sherbets and top with

son, and even freezes fresh nuts so mends a grapefruit ice as a starter a tiny evergreen sprig and red cherry that they will be available not only for any special dinner, but for the during the holiday season.

at Christmas time but also the year holiday suggests a special topping.

around. Pineapple Cottage Cheese Salad

Also if we were to peek into her Grapefruit Ice Cocktail 1 package lemon gelatin freezer see special soups, would we chili,stews, meatballs, porcupine %1 packagecup watergelatin Y2y2 poundsmall cancottageof pimentocheese, small curd ham loaves, and other preparations ready for a quick warmup on the stove or pop into the oven for her own family or for guests, expected or unexpected.

For those who live where they can Pineapple Cottage enjoy a white Christmas, LaFond has Cheese Salad in holthis suggestion: "Don't feel sorry for iday trim.

those celebrating Christmas in the desert."To LaFond and others such

as she, there is something comparable between their desert and the first

Christmas on the Palestinian sands, and they like it.

And LaFond has fun dressing up her beautiful new home for the holidays. She has a natural setting because hers is a "green house,"as she

calls it. The furnishings and decorare in varying shades of green

throughout, except for the kitchen.

980 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

1 small can crushed pineapple y2 pint whipping cream.

Partially set gelatin, using only V/2 cups hot water.

Drain pineapple free from its juice, add cottage cheese and pimento that satisfyinghas been sliced into small pieces. Whip The

cream and fold into mixture, and then blend with partially set gelatin. Grease

your fancy jello mold or ring withmayonnaise, and fill with mixture. Set allfamily drink

until firm.

Remove from mold, set on platter garnished with holly sprigs or a platter of crisp lettuce trimmed with pieces of holly and half slices of pineapple, maraschino cherry, and a sprinkle of coconut. Serve with your favorite fruit POSTUm

salad dressing.

"If you are planning a buffet during the holidays or at any other time, this pineapple ring will always win compliments for you,"promises LaFond. And m

for something a little different from the traditional steamed pudding, she recommends another "sure success"with a &utoitC Date Pudding

1 cup chopped nuts 1 cup white corn syrup 1 cup finely crumbled dry bread 1 pound dates 1 teaspoon baking powder l/2 teaspoon vanilla 3 eggs

Mix dry ingredients thoroughly and add beaten egg yolks and corn syrup.

Fold in stiffly beaten egg whites.

Cook in individual custard cups or This large 8-ounce jar of Instant Postum makes up to TOO cups!

glass loaf tin about forty minutes in a 300 F. oven. Place pudding in a pan

of custard a water as you would while Instant Postum containsbaking. Serve topped whipped with

cream, and trim with maraschino cherry. no caffein or other drug

For those who do not have a special fondness for fruit cake, LaFond finds that her date and nut bread makes a Everyone from Granddad to your youngest toddler can enjoy most acceptable and enjoyable treat Instant Postum. It's harmless because it's caffein -free—with no

with her holiday punch. drugs or stimulants of any kind

Date and Nut Bread Postum has plenty of flavor though—a hearty goodness that's

wonderfully warm and satisfying.

butter cupY2 1 cup brown sugar It's ready to drink in an instant, too, made right in the cup by l/2 cup lukewarm water adding hot water or—for growing youngsters—hot milk.

1 teaspoon soda Why not serve Instant Postum to your family at mealtimes?

eggs 2 1 teaspoon baking powder It's familypriced—less than a penny a cup! Another wonderful

2 cups flour product of General Foods.

pinch of salt 1 cup chopped nuts 1 pound cut dates

butter sugar; then and Cream beat Instant Postumin the eggs. Dissolve in the lukesoda

warm water, and add to mixture. Then No caffein

add the dry ingredients, and fold in the (Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1955 981 LAFOND SOLOMON'S FESTIVE FOOD FARE

(Continued from preceding page) ing are all a part of Christmas, it is VITAMINS nuts and dates. Plates in a wellgreased true, and they should be observed

MINERALS 350loaf panF. oven.and bake about one hour in a andtruly enjoyed.sense the Butimportancefor thoseand whothe

Drink them in spirit of this season, their giving conEveryone recognizes the tendency to tinues throughout the year not only indulge the "sweet tooth"during this by the giving of gifts, but also by the delicious juice form—use a festive season, and aplets are an answer giving of self and of personal servSWEDEN Speed JUICER for you to satisfy your family and guests ice. And this is a part of the life of

give something time at the but same there Whatever your age, are for she has filled Solomon, of LaFond nutritional value. Try They them! natural nutrients for in you orauxiliary in the many positions as adults. for as well children the juices are good of carfresh-made

rots, celery, apples, cabbage, ganizations of the Church. At presetc. Enjoy their true natural ent she conducts the teacher training

goodness, delicious flavor with Aplets class in her ward Sunday School,

Juicer. Fully Speed a Sweden in times has she done which many gelatin 2 tablespoons gift. guaranteed. An ideal

past, social science gives the the and cold applesauce cup Y2 of the in Society. Relief lessons One applesauce cup seconds. in Juice

operate to Easy reexperiences well that she Church sugar 2 cups to clean. Easy k m Y4 is 1 her the time she and walnuts members cup chopped

1 tablespoon vanilla husband served on the MIA stake

U.L.APPROVED& C.B.A. board when Elder Delbert L. Stapley,

Soak gelatin in cold applesauce for now of the Council of the Twelve, cup the minutes. ten Combine departleading their superintendent. Al stake was MIA %

appliance ment, for boil sugar the applesauce with and healthfood and has a philosophy LaFond And for or write stores, gelatin this to the minutes. ten Add

folder. free of note: worthy serve and must "We boil anapplesauce mixture and and

other fifteen minutes, stirring constantly. help build our communities and share

PAT. NO. 2297880 Cool slightly and add walnuts and what we have and try to incorporate CWCDCNWSPEED JUICER OTHERS PENDING vanilla. Pour onto greased pan and let some of our high principles into the

"SWEDEN FREEZER MFG. CO. set until firm. Cut in squares and roll community life about us. If our

DEPT.JI-2 JUICER DIVISION SEATTLE 99, WASH. in powdered sugar. communities do not develop, we nor

With the approach of New Year's our children will have the opportuniDay, everyone naturally thinks of ham, ties or environment we should have."

fine, exceptthat is thinks and LaFond From this intelligent sensitivity toKITCHEn CHflRITl for someing, and change "For a nice civic responsibility have come try this so rich, thing not quite ham ward WAXED PAPER the of devotion to years commany of beef."partially loaf which is made

munity. Particularly noteworthy has KEEPS FOOD

FRESHER LONGER! Ham Loaf beento theLaFond'sPTA. Sheexcellentis a membercontributionof the

governor's educational survey com- 2 pounds lean shoulder of pork mittee of Nevada, a regular member \y2 pounds ham, lean of the state White House Conference l/2 pound ground beef committee, and has been appointed 2 teaspoons mustard as one of the delegates from Nevada eggs 2

1 cup cracker crumbs to attend the White House Confer- 1 cup milk ence on education to be held in or Washington, D.C., in December

1 cup tomato juice 1955.*

Obviously the home of LaFond Mix all ingredients together, making Solomon is a busy one. In addition

certain meats are well blended; shape to her outside responsibilities, her enas a meat loaf, trim top with cloves. tertaining, and the care of her home,

Bake in oven at 350 F. about an hour she has a married son and a married

and a half. Serve in slices topped with daughter who come to visit, and two

a tablespoon of the following sauce: lively grandchildren.

Ham Loaf Sauce it Itsheis findsall wonderfuljoy and satisfaction,to LaFond! andIn

each Christmas is a better one be- 3 tablespoons horseradish cause of her contribution to the '/4 teaspoon salt society, to her family, and Church l/2 cup whipped cream friends. and to her

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS fare, cheerful Festive food home HOUSEWIVES... OF

of the pleasure and givParent-Teacher*See The ImprovementAssociation,"Era,January"LDS1954,Leadershipp. 36. in ALL LEADING GROCERS decorations,AT

982 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA:::::.:.!;:*:;.:;:::; ifVSiSi;r:vS:;;:;.;:?-:-:;!..::.:o.:;.;; v: u::;;::;s;;:;vS:::;s:l;:.p;;i*;vK;.J;:;;:5ii::;::::vS.;j:,:!i:

mm

P4

Gooding, Idaho cook wins honors for sixth year

Mother of Twins Wins 6 Cooking Awards

Twin sons John and Jim pay close Now that the holiday season is here attention to Mrs. Fred Braga as she your family will appreciate yeastTREE OF shows them the prize ribbons she won raised specialties even more! And it's

for her cooking skill. Of course, these much more convenient to serve these

HOSPITALITY include the 6 top prizes Mrs. Braga specialties if you have Fleischmann's

won just this year in cooking competiActive Dry Yeast handy. That's the

tion at the Gooding County Fair. dry yeast that keeps for months...

by Marion Ulltnark Although she's the mother of four and it's so easy to use, always rises young sons and a parttime nurse as fast. Holidays—every season—ifyou

well, Mrs. Braga still finds time for bake at home use Fleischmann's

Christmas in our front hall her hobby, cooking contests. And Active Dry Yeast—the very best.Every we have a very special Christmas like so many top cooks, she always

it Active "tree of uses Fleischmann's call Dry our tree. We Get the New time,""It rises fast every Yeast. treeshaped a havehospitality."We 'Thrifty Three'

frame of chicken wire, the wide mesh she says. "And it keeps for months."

kind, that we fasten to the wall just above the little hall table. Then

we fill it in with green branches that we purchase very cheaply from our

Christmas tree man.

is decorated tree Our hospitality a kitchen phom gifts, I do andentirely with small mean small! We tie on its branches

packages of gum, bright lollipops, candy canes, wrapped pencils, Christmas cookies, small wrapped packages of catnip, ribbontied boneshaped dog biscuits, and other small gifts.

We all buy these things with any little extra sums we happen to have, and the whole family takes a hand in Saves many a spoiled trimming the "tree."Then everysteps* dinner, too! Most

child, cat or woman,one—man, this find one of! housewives that to door our comesdog—that or '%&*"* the handiest for spots

is to help invited seasonChristmas himself from our hospitality tree. Of an extension telephone.

course we help our animal friends The cost is only to make a good selection! 3 or 4 pennies a day.

Our hospitality tree is a family project and seems to us to really Order from your symbolize the spirit of loving giving Mountain States Telephone business office.

that means Christmas. It is fun too,

it very much. of us enjoyand all

ring out, JOHNSON & JOHNSON GOSPEL IDEALS front door chimes ourWhen it is a race among the younger mem- L.D.S. Genealogical Research Selections from the Discourses

bers of our family to see who gets Specializing in of there first and has the privilege of U.S. Census Records and David O. McKaysaying, "Merry Christmas! Please Pension Records

help yourself to a gift from our hospiBox 3188Washington 9, D. C. At All Bookdealers $4.00

tality tree!"

DECEMBER 1955 983 "BANQUETMASTER"THE NEW! ALLNEW 1955 MODEL

TABLE FOLDING Designed for today's beautiful Your Child's

Churches Schools Cafes Private Homes Christmas Manners

by Pauline French Stacy

Christmas manners—Do they diflems and pleasures of their care and

fer from everyday manners or training until such time as they are company manners (if you differready to take their proper place in entiate between the two at your the adult world.

house)? Or do manners or the lack Have you observed the change that

of them merely become more concomes over the small child when he spicuous during this season when leaves the shelter of the family to families and friends exchange many take his place with a larger group of gifts and greetings? I learned from youngsters his own age? Children

GMstopher Columbia Saf ratherthat mannersan embarrassingarc manners experience365 days a year; they merely work overtime

during the month of December.

your manners!"m "Mind Save with Safety

heard that expresif you I wonder sion as often as I did when I was a child. By the time I was six years

old, I firmly resolved never to shake a warning finger at my child and say, "Mind your manners!"And so

as underdosed overdosed. EARN... Don't take less withmy owntrainingchildas wasI was

Earn more for your money... One holiday season an old friend

full safety with complete a 4% came to twoyear-old call. My

instituthis supervised at state to STATE daughter happened be playing SUPERVISED by mail. tion. Save Open an alone in her room comand so was ELBERT now. account by writing R. pletely ignored. Suddenly she came CURTIS

President into the living room and without a word pulled a chair between my friend and me, climbed upon it, and started screaming. That was the day

ASSN. SAVINGS LOAN AND

ST. I first gave serious thought to the 21 ST 1056 EAST SOUTH

SALT LAKE CITY 6, UTAH problem of my child's manners.—A Cobb Shinn Photo

Many of us suffer during our early I'm a "people,"too.

mon/toe yearsbelief ofthatparenthoodchildren fromare possessions.a mistaken

are not! They are people, are naturally friendly. They want to k FOLDING They

BANQUET justminiaturelike ourselves,editions. thoughWe, as parents,perhaps conductthat theythemselveswill be acceptablein such ato wayall.

TABLES are merely entrusted with the probYou and I have learned from our own experience that if we want to fit comfortably into any society, manners are important. Manners are just as

important to our children, too, as they are to us adults! And where

but in the home is the young child to learn such things?

are a matter not TRUCKS manners Good storingMONROE truck Forthe easy wayTables I I of as as not do,"say and "Do modernFoldingtables handles EachandConstruestorageChairs chairs.permits No. TSCor Storage Transport for their children begin forming own of eitherTruckspace. tionin limited TS Truck No.

Church Units may direct their inquiries to the personal pattern of manners the moChurch Purchasing Department, 47 East

South Temple, Salt Lake City 1. Utah. ment they are old enough to observe

THE IWoWUrt-. COMPANY the behavior of those about them in

249CHURCH STREET, COLFAX. IOWA the home.

984 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Using good manners is not merelya matter of remembering to say and A GRISWOLD SPECIAL!

do the right thing on special occasions. Rather, it is showing a proper HEAVYDUTY

regard for the rights and feelings of others—a daily application of the RANGE AT A

Golden Rule. If you put yourself in

your child's place for just this moPOPULAR PRICE ment, you can easily see why it is Especially Designed for true that genuine good manners beChurches and Schools gin at home.

Fortunately, the friend who came Look At These Features:

to visit me, that day when my twoPlenty of CAPACITY, with 6 ovens and 2 generousyearold embarrassed me, was an unburners, broiler. Loads big smokeless

derstanding person. She realized that CONVENIENCE with easy ofto

my child simply craved a little atclean stainless steel top and tention and was wise enough to give backsplash, and signal lights—automaticall incontrolsa 38

her the right kind. inch space.

"My, isn't Grace a lovely little.of. a. Andhouseholdall thisrange!at the price

lady?"she exclaimed. "And some

day she will be a nice big one, just Drop in or write today to:

like her mother."

H. BINTZ W. COMPANY quieted Immediately Grace down

Utah, Phone EM 3-5821 So., Salt Lake City, W. 3rd lady, as a little tried to beand was 433

expected of her.

That incident impressed indelibly upon my mind the fact that children are people, too. If I am to expect a

"please"and "thank you"from Grace when she asks a favor of me, then

I must be equally polite when I request something of her. A firm request can be just as effective as a

harsh demand. It offers a bonus,

too; a parent will not merely have finerEnjoyflavor

reared a child, he will have reared and greater a polite child. nutrition of

whole wheat If you find yourself criticizing your grain...

child's table behavior after he is old freshly ground!

enough to know better, try placing food element every Everincreasing in plate. of front mirrora your own retained! TOis WRITE

in popularity for prices—FREE If like are be me, you you may that Everyone knows facfsl DAYrecipes—food other cereal bread and to discover that childrenamazed our with foods whole made SPECIAL

freshly grain ground is Itoften mirror FLOUR conduct. our own OFFER—

is tastier far richer and for introcoupon Send in nutrihealth-giving slip for to us toso easy older ones 5-1 of offer b. ductory

it's ments. the And—Smith pkg., wheat Deaf ofthe point save our where some we wise somewhere home richflour, America's

it. is thing done about in est elements, food for special oconly usemanners on select -Minn., Wis. or efficient, the Rapid—flour stone wheat casions.—Electric Household Lee

it's the day ground FlourMill reduceswhole shipped. for fluffy flour grain to course a be comshould Of home

fraction of a penny a CO. LEE ENGINEERING it will place, fortable all, of be but more pound. a

Wis. 3, Milwaukee it's STONE BestGROUND—

if all for comfortable concerned each person develops a proper concern 2023LEE ENGINEERINGW. Wisconsin COMPANY,Ave., MilwaukeeDept., 3,I.E.Wis. EVERY KERNEL for others. feelings of the rights and 5-lb. Postpaid. pkg. FLOUR, SMITH Only $1.50 DEAF OR YOUR

5- lb. Postpaid. Only pkg. $1.00 FLOUR, WIS. -MINN. is If this basic his part of knowledge DrtDCl\Jra——MONEY BACI n

training, the child is then prepared Name to move on to a group in which he Street must stand on his own. As he grows City State

older, you will have to instruct him as to the proper procedure to follow

FOR HEADQUARTERS L.D.S. W arise that occasions do not on in the DRINK 1 NEVADA IN LAS VEGAS, k A is old enough Grace home. My

now that she feels the need of getting YE KINGS REST MOTEL 526 A delightful 5TH STREET SOUTH off the ficq the about manners big book for hot beverage B. Foutz, those Dr. Harold Owner

herself for reading bookshelf and coffee. drink don't who H. Foutz, Manager Edgar

{Concluded on following page) AT YOUR GROCERS Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout

DECEMBER 1955 985 fifteen, we have had an excellent opporLEI'S READ THIS CHRISTMAS tunity to evaluate the worth of these books.

It is our studied opinion that they have (Continued from page 908) met the requirements by cheating. What added an untold amount of joy to us and

Now this story may not only be sung and happens when his conscience bothers him? to our children, that they have helped with

told with the tradition of the past, but may—/. H. Z. family problems, and that their use has

also be shown through the delightful illusaided greatly in helping establish good trations. This is a charmer and a book that FUN WITH VENTRILOQUISM reading and study habits among our youngwill endear itself to children. A. H. (Alexander Van Rensselaer. Garden City sters. Over the years it has been a rare

Books, Garden City, New York. 1955. 61 experience to find all of the volumes on

THE CHIPPEWA—Rice Gatherers of the pages. $1.50.) the shelf at one time, and it would seem

Great Lakes Would you like to become a ventriloquist? strange indeed to be where we could not

(Sonia Bleeker. Wm, Morrow & Co., New This book will show you how. It will reach for a volume of Childcraft from which

York. 1955. 157 pages. $2.00.) be hard work but think of the fun you to read a poem or a story at bedtime or to

\ year in the life of the Crane family will have entertaining your friends. The get the answer to a question that inquisithe book tells of their homes, food, book is well illustrated with both phototive little minds are always asking. Even

games, and all aspects of their everyday graphs and line drawings.—/. H. Z. whichwith allarethehandsomelyuse they havebound,had, showthe bookslittle life.—/. H. Z.

of signs wear. A TINY BABY PLANTS FORTHE YOU WE EAT

revised The edition is even more valu- (Millicent (Written E. Selsam. Langstaff. by Nancy Photographed Wm. Morrow & Co.,

New York. 1955. 123 pages. $2.50.) by Suzanne Szasz. Harcourt, Brace & Co., able. It contains fifteen volumes and about

T'he story of the roots, stems, leaves, New York. 1955. About 40 unnumbered 3,520 pages (220 pages more than the previflowers, and fruits we eat, tells how they pages. $2.50.) ous edition) with 4,478 beautifully executed

grow, where they come from, and how we A book to help a small child look forward illustrations by 134 artists. Some 1,477 of

color. are pictures in reproduced toget them. the Included are simple experiments coming baby. of a new The these

is sets really three in one. Childcraft is illustrated profusely plant life that photowith a child perform. book with can

six to collections of contain one of Johnny H. Z. graphs—/. stories poetry careand have which been for the baby new helpingsister.—/.hisH.motherZ. care Volumesfully interest selected to provide and enterGailTEXAS YANKEE (The story of

at the introduce tainment time and sameBorden) THE SUMMER SNOWMAN to in literature. best the juvenile (Gene Zion. Harper & Brothers, New York. children (Nina Brown Baker. Harcourt, Brace &

Co., New York. 1955. 129 pages. $2.50.) 1955. 32 pages. $2.00.) Volumes seven to eleven, which are also

'Phe struggles, success, failures, and final A little snowman mysteriously disappears meant for the consumption of the growing success of Gail Borden, the inventor of one winter night but reappears to help child, will introduce him to many interesting creative other play and things—nature, the of Fourth July. Threecolor milk.condensed in celebrate parents of pioneer Born

activities, inscience educational and and illustrations Margaret help by Bloy York, a great deal to he Graham had do withNew dustry, art and music. tell the story.—/.the of H. Z. settlement Texas.—/. H. Z.

of contents fifteen to twelve volumes The titles: their be seen from can Your and "You edition) (Revised CHILDCRAFTA DICK FOR VOTE Child,"Family,""Your Child Young "Your (Field IlliInc., Enterprises, 54, (Jerrold Beim. Harcourt, Chicago Co., Brace & New to in School,"Today's Child Goes "Your nois. 15 1954. for $79.50 1955.York. Volumes. 117 pages. deluxe $2.50.)

of this material, World."has Most which edition.)pkiCK English wanted bike racing an more

specialists 151 prepared been child by and of to set a 1949 Childcraft our added was Tn it anything. offered than father to His

is leaders, this in edition. guidance new

library. five children provided hehim, receive A's home would young With two

said that the care be could about Much is in of the in oldest times his the report card. home,two a row on Dick now whom

into the printing has preparation gone and of these books. But one fact should suffice: Even though the printing is as excellent as you would expect to find anywhere,

in order to get reproductions from some of

YOUR CHILD'S CHRISTMAS MANNERS thelisherspictureshave hadin the32 volumepages printedon art,intheZurich,pubSwitzerland by a method that has not yet (Concluded from preceding page) At holiday gatherings, and even on been perfected in this country.

what is expected of her on special the streets during the course of our After living with a set of the 1949 edioccasions. Christmas shopping, we grownups tion for five years, and after careful and

Courtesy, or the lack of it, seems stand and chat. The minutes that critical examination of the new edition, I

hesitate to say not or school that anymost evident at Christmas, when so pass so quickly for us may seem like do profit greatly could having from home many special events are crowded into hours to the small child we hold by Childcraft in its libary.—D. L. G.

such a short time. Parties, gifts, and the hand. Is it too much to ask that

all the other excitement are not sudthe child also be greeted politely, that denly different just because it is he be introduced to our friends who THE BOOK OF LIFE (1954 edition)

Christmas. may be strangers to him, and that Illinois.(John RudinEight& volumes.Company,FabrikoidInc., Chicagobinding,5,

Let us consider visiting, for exam- a few of our remarks at least be ad- $52.75. Book cloth binding, $39.75.)

ple. There is really no need for dressed to him? 'T'his is the same set of wonderful books

children to strain adult friendships As the years go by, each Christmas on the Bible that first made its appearto the breaking point. It is especially will find our children in a new stage ance in 1923 and has received high recomimportant to keep toddlers under of development that poses its own mendation from Church leaders over the

years. of names Widtsoe, The John A.control when visiting a childless particular problems. But if proper

Merrill, F. Levi Joseph Edgar Young,

home. I shall be forever grateful to seeds have been planted during the Lucy Grant Cannon are among those whoand

the few thoughtful hostesses I know course of their daily lives by teaching have expressed appreciation in writing for who always have some toy on hand them to conduct themselves in acit. Although the set has been enlarged and

that will amuse toddlers. I have cordance with the Golden Rule, we revised several times since it was first islearned, too, to take a book, doll, or need have no worry as to how our sued,tail priceit is is interestingthe same todayto noteas thatit wasthewhenresome other familiar toy to keep the children will behave at Christmas or it first appeared in 1923.

young one amused. any other time. The set contains in all 3,850 pages and

986 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA illusillustrated profusely over with 900

M> of the of paintingstrations—reproductionsis < biblical ofold masters, lands photographs

subjects, historical charts maps. andand and.MkJ&&ZI& T jUUteg

Volume One, "Bible Treasures,"begins,i<s-with poems and stories on biblical themes tfpfess<I<xril<e""""'.o>

for the very young child, in large type.

Stories of Jesus and stories from the Old

Testament along with many other items are included. Contents of the other volumes

can be seen from their titles: Bible Heroes,

Pioneers; Bible Kings, Captains; Bible

Prophets, Statesmen; Bible Poetry; Life of

the Master; Paul, Life, Letters; Bible Educator and Index.

There are a preface and a table of contents in each volume as well as a comprehensive index, a vocabulary of proper names, a number of keys and explanations, and a glossary of obsolete words and phrases.

The Book of Life is based throughout on the King James translation of the Bible.

It to replace is not the meant Bible but of the Mountain West torather create a love appreciation and for it. Children who are not old enough

it or toto read the Bible understand when

it is to to get read begin unYou can stay in step with the passing parade of events in this an can them derstanding of the holy scriptures through area by reading your Deseret News and Telegram. The finest,

these books. The student will find them a

splendid guide to biblical study.—D. L. G. most thorough, most interesting written news comes to you

through this paper daily. There is none better.

BRST

Solomon Mack and His Family j&ttt fake HftdzQxmxi

(Continued from page 907) At Montague, Massachusetts, Solomon Mack was again with his sons Superior Advantages!

to be closely associated with his brother, Captain Elisha Mack. On

July 14, 1784 "Elisha Mack of MontaEnroll now with an accredited WINTERgue, Hampshire Co., Mass. (Gent")"college that offers you the persold to his brotherin-law, Abishai sonalized benefits of a small QUARTER school.

Tubbs, of Marlow, N. H., one hunBEGINSdred acres of land in Gilsum, "toINDIVIDUAL ATTENTION

gether with a Saw Mill & Grist Mill and Dwelling House on the Same."">:i FRIENDSHIPS

On August 11, 1784 Abishai Tubbs PERSONALIZED COUNSELING ANDof Marlow, husbandman, sold for 120 GUIDANCE JAN. 3,

pounds to Jason Mack of Gilsum, SPIRITUAL CLASSES husbandman, "a Saw Mill and Grist WHOLESOME ENVIRONMENT

Mill with all ye Priviledges & appurtenances thereunto belonging StandCONVENIENTLY LOCATED IN SALT 1956

LAKE CITY ing on ye Tenth Lott and fifth range 5:i There wasin ye Town of Gilsum. "

a milldam on the premises.

Jason Mack, eldest son of Solomon, retained these mills only two weeks. Branch of Brigbam Young University

On August 25, 1784 he sold them for 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY105 pounds, 5 shillings to Edward LJLKi

Jones, a merchant of Boston."Jason,

according to an account written by his sister Lucy, was not to make his If you plan to bind your Improvement Eras a 3c stamp sent to home in Gilsum. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

Co., N. H., Cheshire

331332.61S; Vol. 9, pp. 8586, Deeds, Vol. 8, pp. 617will reserve for you an ANNUAL INDEX 1955

(To he continued) DECEMBER 1955 987 away for comfort. But he'd have to

HIGH ADVENTURE be game.

(Continued from page 901) arrows and knives, kept a distance Up the hill he crawled. Soon he

to depend on, three must fire at a by their awe of six guns for a short had a good view of the surrounding country.time so there would always be three time—no one knew how long. Finally

loaded guns, but no one must fire Nachi's counsel prevailed, and Gomez "See anything?"yelled Skinner.

'till told to do so. They might go withdrew his band some distance "I see three smokes."

through without discovery, but he away. "Where are they?"

didn't think so. The main thing was Nachi, no sign of any emotion at "One east, one south, one southnot to be surrounded with their guns his near approach to sudden death, west."

empty. And then before more could addressed Skinner. "Any north?"

be said, over the hill rode the Indians. "You come camp near my village. "Not yet."

There were about one hundred in I keep Gomez from fighting you to- "Keep watching. They've probthe party all brandishing their bows night. Tomorrow you go; I keep ably got spies out on our trail, too.

and arrows and making great threats Gomez tomorrow; after that you go Gomez won't attack 'til he thinks he

can do it without getting shot. Probbut keeping out of gun shot range. fast—he not catch you."

A chief rode out a distance toward They camped that night on a hillably waiting for us in the pass, but them and asked in Spanish for a parside within good gunshot of the vilwants to be sure we're going there."

ley. Skinner walked toward him and lage wickiup where, if there was "It3. 33looks like it now, but we

talked with him in poor Spanish. treachery, they could fire on the aren t.

"Where you go?"asked the chief. houses. No one slept; all sat in the Jed kept a sharp lookout. The

"We go to Santa Fe to meet white dark, their guns ready. smoke reached lazily to the sky—now

chief. Why you stop us? We are The next morning Nachi said to strong, now weak, now in puffs. ApAmericans, not Mexicans. We repreSkinner: parently the lookouts had some way

sent the Great White Father and "I will escort you to the head of signaling the movements of the want to be peaceful."spring. After that you go!"party.

"I don't want fight the Americans. "Sure we'll go, and thanks."Dark came, objects became indisNachi good chief, like Americans. All day the cavalcade jogged northtinct. Jed came down from the hill

You give me paper saying I friendly west over the plains toward the disand helped with the preparations.

to Americans."tant mountains showing blue against The fire was kept burning, but outSkinner was relieved when he the horizon, with Nachi at the head. side its light, experienced hands

heard the Indian introduce himself Riding at a respectful distance were quickly saddled and packed the for he knew the friendly Apache, fifty of Nachi's band. Skinner told mules. Shortly all was ready.

Nachi, by reputation. the men the strategy. "Put some wood on the fire,"di-

"My young men want to fight! "We'll camp for the night at the rected Skinner. "Make 'em think

Gomez want to fight!"spring. As soon as Nachi goes, we'll we're still here. Their spies will

"Is Gomez in your band?"pack up and get everything ready for creep up close now; we want to be

"Gomez that one,"pointing to one a march, and come dark we'll go well on the way when they find us of the most active of the Indians, riddead north all night. Gomez will gone.

ing back and forth, yelling, and try and ambush us when the trail Wood was piled on the fire; then

brandishing his bow in the air. goes through the Guadalupe Pass. the men mounted and silently trotted

It was soon apparent that Gomez We'll go north and work through north at a good fast pace. No words

had a stronger will than Nachi could these mountains some other way."were spoken; just the sound of the

cope with, for suddenly he put his About three o'clock in the aftercreaking leather and the pounding of horse to a gallop and, followed by a noon Nachi called a halt. the hoofs on the plains broke the

large band, rode toward them "The spring just ahead. We restillness. They had been riding about

menacingly. turn now. Gomez watching so go half an hour when Skinner laughed

The little band of white men quickfast tomorrow."With that he turned and said, "Look back."

ly moved up a small hill where and rode off with his men, his horses Jed looked back. There on the

they could command its top, leaving creating a great dust as they rode high hill from which he'd watched,

Skinner talking to Nachi. Holding away. a great fire blazed. He could see the

their mules tight they faced in all "If Gomez didn't know where we forms of the Indians as they passed directions, their guns ready. were before, he certainly knows now,"back and forth feeding it.

"Only three fire at a time,"comsaid Skinner watching the retreating "Now they know we're gone and manded Joe, "and only when Skinner Indians. "Sure enough, see there!"are signaling old Gomez. But they

says to."Even as he spoke a distant smoke can't follow our trail in the dark, and

The Indians had them surrounded ascended to heaven. "Ye'll see a lot by morning we'll be too far away."

but did not come within rifle shot. of those in a few minutes."They All night they rode until Jed wasn't

They milled up close to Skinner, and rode up to the spring which nestled sure he could hold his seat in the

Gomez taunted him. in a little draw. "Jed, ye watch saddle much longer. A great weari-

"We going to rub you out."from that high hill. Don't stand up, ness engulfed him. Didn't these men

Skinner told him to go ahead, but crawl up the hill and lie down and ever tire? In the dark he could see

if he did Nachi would go, too. And stay down. If ye see anything comthe six vague forms sitting, jogging

he aimed his pistol at Nachi's head. ing, just let out a yell."along, never a word spoken, silently

It was a tense moment. One hunJed gulped. The hill was some bearing north. Daylight found them

dred Apaches, armed with bows and distance off, and he felt it was too far in a narrow valley surrounded by 988 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA high hills, the forerunners of the mountain range.

to breakfast hours for and "Two Enjoy this different rest the mules. with me, Jed."Come

They climbed the high ridge. Off to the south away against the DELICIOUS BREAD

southern horizon a single smoke column floated up, while off to the Rich in milk southwest still farther away an answering one hung dim and faint. Everybody knows that milk

"I guess we've give 'em the slip, but and bread are two of the we don't know. Ye sleep, boy for most nourishing foods.

two hours, and we'll call ye when

In Table Queen Bread we're ready."

At the camp Jed lay down, his head you get both—because

on the saddle. The men were busy each pound contains

tending the mules, moving about; the nonfat milk solids

Jed went to sleep. of 7 ounces of milk. Enriched

"The kid's kind o'tender yet,"reIt's your best food buy with vitamins marked Joe.... at your grocer's. and iron

"He'll learn though. Got good

stuff in him,"replied Skinner.

Skinner's party traveled by night TABLE QUEEN BREAD for a week, seeing no signs of lurking Royal Baking Co. Salt Lake and Ogden

or following Indians. So they began

their daytime travels. Jed gradually

to of the life. the rigorshardened up

to pack. saddle learned and to He ALL OF THE GOOD REASONS POINT TO THEHe

learned to cook the simple fare. He

learned to conceal his fire. And, important to his chance for survival, HAMMOND ORGAN

he learned never to sleep near the "THE WORLD'S FINEST ELECTRIC ORGAN"fire. The evening meal finished, the AS THE IDEAL FAMILY GIFT FOR CHRISTMAS

men waited for dark, then moved off a mile or two before making their SIMPLE TO PLAY A DEPOSIT beds. A sharp nose could follow the EASY TO INSTALL INSURES

smell of smoke right into camp, but OCCUPIES LITTLE SPACE CHRISTMAS having found it could not trace the NEVER GETS OUT OF TUNE DELIVERY absent campers in the dark. PRACTICALLY NO UPKEEP EXPENSE

Skinner had learned, so had all the THOUSANDS OF BEAUTIFUL TONES others. Any plainsman testified by LOW COSTEASY PAYMENT PLAN

his living presence that he had learned. Those who did not, or were FOR FULL PARTICULARS, WRITE OR CALL

careless, didn't live to tell about it. SELDON N. HEAPS

study—theJed had theschoolbest schoolof hardinexperience,which to GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO.

CITY SALT LAKE PROVO OGDENand the best teachers, each one a liv74 No. Main 74 So. 2546 Washingtoning expert in the science of how to University

stay alive.

One late afternoon as the sun (I-()4I()B'()'()'edged toward the bluffs and peaks of the surrounding ranges, the caravan IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS E OFFER...came into a welltraveled road. It

COMPLETE A simple of Canker, in treatment it rough; dusty; butwas was it was Aids SERVICE ENGRAVING throat sore minor and other mouth it tracks.broad, Skinner and two had Missionary From Portraits to the Largest irritations. and throat Catalogues.stopped surveyed the surroundand

ing landmarks. Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

CO. UTAH ENGRAVING is north,"said point "Santy Fe he HALLS REMEDY

St. City, Utah Salt Lake

it far.ing, City. Utah 231 Edison ain't Salt Lake get Should "and

there before dark."H)--0-0--0-V'()-0'W'0--0- oMliMl<}H

The men laughed and shouted with If you plan to bind your Improvement Eras anticipation.

a 3c stamp sent to Even the mules seemed to catch The Improvement Era the excitement for they broke into a 50 North Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah (Continued on following page) will reserve for you an ANNUAL INDEX 1955

DECEMBER 1955 989 Skinner might stop him and HIGH ADVENTURE besides, the "states."go to make him

(Continued from preceding page) All of us are Mormons. Have you Jed skirted the Battalion camp. He

fast trot. An hour of fast riding, and ever heard of the Mormons?"passed the long line of mules and

they came into view of the town. "No, I haven't,"said Jed. oxen, each having his last bit of feed.

Jed felt a wave of disappointment. "We joined the Battalion at Winter Stealing along the line he came to

There was a square—the plaza, SkinQuarters and have marched this far,"the parked wagons. Some looked

ner called it—and a long, lowroofed Standage continued. "All of our peoloaded, ready to move; others waited

house with a long porch. This was ple are moving west, and we aim to for the addition of tents and blankets

the governor's palace. A church was help them with our pay and some of used by the camp.

a short distance away. These, with our clothes."Jed found one, which though

a motley collection of mud adobe "Are you going to stay in Caliloaded, had a space between the load huts, composed the thriving town of fornia?"asked Jed. and the cover. He crawled in, got

as comfortable as he could, and Santa of traders trapFe, mecca and are "No. soon as As discharged we waited. pers, oldest territory. in the town there, to to expect go where our we

As Skinner pointed out, it looked it. families will be established in the "Hitch up!"rang out the comSqualid looking, and old as it was, Rocky Mountains."mand.

the place was teeming with activity. Mules and oxen were hitched to

"Where's that?"Jed asked. the wagons. Skinner greeted half a dozen of his

old acquaintances as they rode along. "Out that way,"Standage re- "Forward!"The bugles blew, the

Long conversations could wait. The sponded with a vague gesture that drivers cracked their whips, and the

mules had to be corraled and fed. included the whole sweep of the wagon train of the Mormon Bat-

"Well, boy, it looks like ye've arnorthern horizon. talion, California bound, moved on

rived,"Skinner said kindly. "I'll see "Why can't I go with you?"Jed to the road heading south.

if there's a train or scouting party asked wistfully. All day the wagon jolted into chuck

going to the states. They'll be glad "Now, boy, you're too young to go holes and out. All day the dust sifted

to have ye go along."off on a trip like this. You'd better up and around, enveloping men, aniCamp was made, the mules in a get heading for home. The states mals, and wagons with powdery white

mudwalled corral munched their is best for you."clouds. Breathing was difficult.

hay and grain, and the party was free The men went about their eveJed, under the tarpaulin cover, was for such entertainment as the town ning chores methodically and soon in misery from heat, dust, thirst, and could afford. Skinner's men made gathered about the fire. Jed wonhunger. Finally when he felt he

no bones about what they intended dered why they were not over to the could endure no more, the wagons to do. Wild men they were, and in fandango; plenty of the soldiers were, stopped. Shouting drivers unhitched

the manner of wild men they celehe'd noticed. But these men were the animals, and the train made

brated their arrival. different. They seemed content to camp. Jed lay anxiously for an hour;

Jed took no part in the celebration talk of home, of the day's work, of then the smell of cooking meat came to his nostrils, he returned to his could stand earlybut and camp. Off the before to they went future—and

it longer. Stiffly no he noticed crawled to one from the side he evening briefly, bed they gathered one and

fires of a camp of nondescript men. said a prayer. He asked protection his hiding place and stretched his

He crossed the small creek bordering for them, for their families, and wiscramped muscles. Then he sought

the canals to one of the fires. Shyly dom to do right. Jed warmed to this the fire of his friends of the night

he stood back, not quite daring to reminder of his own home and of the previous. As he entered the circle

enter the circle. A man noticed him. kindly minister who used to call. of firelight, Standage looked at him

"Hey there, boy, where'd you come As he left their campfire and went with amazement.

from?"to his own bed in Skinner's camp, a "Where did you come from?"

"Come and join us. Have some halfformed idea was in his head. "I rode here in a wagon."

stew."Why not go with these soldiers? "Well, I'll be—"

A proffered bowl of steaming hot They seemed kind. Tomorrow he'd "Look,"said Jed earnestly, "I want

stew was handed him, and he was survey the situation, and if there to go with you to California. I can

I can satisfying most his dosoon as much as a hunger. was He drifted off into help. a chance—

I'll man, and hard."work your "What's name?"sleep. dreamless

"Jed Colby."Morning dawned, and with the "Aw, let's take him,"said Cox.

"Where are you from?"dawning came the noises of the Bat- "Besides, he can't go back alone."

see the "Let's go captain,"said is London, but I was "My home talion stirred, the move. on Jed sat Standage. to the tent went Theyshanghaied aboard a ship which was up, looked about. the disIn and

wrecked. I was washed ashore, and tance he could see the cooking fires of Captain Davis.

finally found Skinner and his men of the soldiers. He looked at his "Come in,"said the captain in rewho brought me here. They said I sleeping companions. Sometime in sponse to a knock on the tent pole.

could get to the states and then back the night they had come, but they Standage saluted.

home."were dead to the world now. Jed "Here is a stowaway who rode with

"My name is Standage; this man arose. Quietly he pulled on his boots us from Santa Fe. He hasn't any

is Cox; and this one is Hess; and the and gathered his meager belongings. folk, and he wants to go with us. If

cook tonight is Hart. We are part of He was grateful to Skinner for what he can go, I'll take care of him and

the army of General Kearny. We had been done for him, but there glad to. How about it?"

start for California in the morning. wasn't time now to thank anyone Captain Davis considered. They

990 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA couldn't send him back alone. They That night Jed snuggled into his

might have use for him—a good strong blankets and dreamed of being

boy. The boy looked a him, a silent shanghaied. But every time the

appeal in his eyes. The captain was brutal captain of the ship Wellington

touched. He listened to Jed's story. reached out for him, the form of

"You can go with us,"he finally Henry Standage foiled the effort. It

said. "Standage, you see that he is was a happy dream.

given what he needs."(To be continued)

ON THE BOOKRACK

(Concluded from page 890) and nine years, respectively, before these

The full account of the Egyptian men were called to these positions AUSTRIA of authoritaGERMANY implication a false pagive with the accompanyingmummies,

SWITZERLAND tiveness matters concerned. to the The thepyri from which Book of Abraham

has book an index, which is disappointtranslated, fascinating a makeswas skiing funfilled sunfilled, 21 days of scant. inglystory to brings light some by itself and resorts and popular most in Europe's

pertinent questions for which we do not These, however, are minor deficiencies just in time for the European Winter yet have the answers. which, while they are not up to (yet Olympic games.

YorkNew per detract greatly the Only from) person—New high $755 Professor Clark's contains a cannot book 1956. 21, leaves January York. Tour rest of standard of the Prothe book. for surprising flaws; hefew example Mountain the Wasatch by. Sponsored

of studies fessor Clark's flood a throwmisspells Club. Dr. Karl Maeser's G. name

light of a littleknown chapter on it appears. wherever"Maesar"

history. therefore, book, His Also, Church is Don't delay... make... your reservations referencethe to "Charles W. Penrose, first that interest can read be one with

Counselor in the First Presidency of and then studied with profit by anyone the Church"in 1879, and to "James who is concerned with the growth of theE. Talmage of the Quorum of the Church and the development of its docUNIVERSAL

Twelve Apostles"in 1902—thirtytwo trines.—S. B. T. travel 3iervice

Hotel Temple Square Hotel Ben Lomond

Salt Lake City Ogden, Utah THESE TIMES EL 5-6552EL 5-5924 4-2667

(Concluded from page 886) the family's daily concerns, noticed or rent. This may augur a new day which unnoticed, will have emerged some confor situations the future destiny prospects even of trolling thewill render dim will GRIND YOUR of mankind. important most The uranium. based energyatomic on

little noticed. will But all been have Salk antiof the development 4. The

marked, have the OWN WHEAT been some way, by ofpolio vaccine, symbolizing growth man; power to arrest disease. calendar. No Ed Murrow nor Lowell

Thomas, no Associated Press, NBC nor

For the Average Family CBS newsround-up in the Roman Empire gave notice to the event in Bethlein family, the United average For the hem, been which if it had noted, would

Model 2040 of year atStates the least, 1955 was calen- a different have been on marked

Dav-y, Dav-y Crockett, king of the wild dar from the one we know. In terms HOBART MILL

likewisefrontier. but Less ephemeral, of our reckoning (strange contemporary will grind the production, was Disneya Walt it it as in occurred seem) the may

for wheat of Santa theopening Disneyland on or year thereabouts! 4 B.C. In our own

Ana Freeway in southern California. Church history, the 1955 calendar saw flour or cereal

US readers of "These Times"under the the Tabernacle Choir tour of Europe (Five different age of thirteen, having TV available, and the Bern Temple dedication. Exgrinds)

might, in the absence of parental inperiences were had which will influence fluence and in a free secret ballot, vote those affected for generations. Unrethese two Disney deeds the top events corded may have been some matters of

of the year. In more sober strain, others longrange importance, beyond the apwould mark the hurricanes, especially pearances now being celebrated.

of for struggle controlDiane; the Calcutta, In Moscow, and is New York, Mill This a rebuilt Vz hp Heavy Duty

the andMontgomery Company; Ward refinished) for originally sold (not which Peiping as the time can be known

victory of the Dodgers in the 1955 "December 1955."This alone provides $240.00. Over 600 in use in Utah for

atSeries. Others will haveWorld basis insight profound for more into grindingteed againstwheat.any Unconditionallydefect for one year.Guaranspon- conferences educationaltended of the Christmas. meaning Though

sored by the President's "White House encrusted by tradition and overlaid with Price $60.00 f.o.b., Salt Lake City

Conference"activity. Rudolph Flesch's festive customs, the root of the modern

overdrawn caricature, Why Johnny calendar is the coming of Christ into

Can't Read, will have amused, amazed, the world. The fruit of that event is T SALES AGENCY

angered (in different ways!) thousands yet to be fully realized. Another year, 919 So. State—Salt Lake City, Utah

of parents and teachers. called 1956, continues the subtle chalPhone EM 4-1684

Out of them all, political, scientific, lenge.

DECEMBER 1955 991 YburRige

LDS SERVICEMEN ABOARD USS "PHILIPPINE SEA"

Eighteen LDS servicemen aboard the USS Plane Carrier Philippine Sea now serving in Asiatic waters are holding three religious services each week—two on Sunday and a Wednesday

YMMIA gospel discussion meeting.

Pictured in the accompanying photograph are front row, left to right: Robert Ormand, Nampa, Idaho; Don Adams, Wendover,

Utah; Paul Husberg, Salt Lake City; Gerald Hargraves, Pocatello,

Idaho; Jerry Barlow, Pocatello; Carlyle Peterson, Moab, Utah.

Back row: E. S. Obray, Logan, Utah; Varrell Burton, Burton,

Idaho; Robert Falkner, Portland, Oregon; Group Leader Stevens

M. Alvord, Glendale, California; Ray Richens, Price, Utah; O.

Gieger, San Francisco, California.

Tabriz, Iran LDS YOUTHS RECEIVE SCHOLARSHIP AWARDS

Gentlemen: surely hope this letter reaches you in time so I will get the

I October issue, as well as the later ones. I did all I could, by >M

returning this via air mail, to let you know I wanted it another year. We are halfway around the world.

I was thrilled to read in the September issue the poetry written by two of my grade school teachers, namely, Zelda Davis Howard and Zara Sabin, and also a lifelong friend—Gladys Hesser Burnham. All three of these women are from my home town, Bountiful, Utah.

Hoping to receive the next issue soon, I remain,

I si Mrs. Bert Gardner

Carlsbad, New Mexico Dear Elder Curtis, Scouting,"article on "SpiritualizedThe

Era, is one Improvement The of the finest—ifwhich younot wrotethe veryfor

best I have ever read. I have read it many times and would

certainly appreciate having some copies for the Scouts in my

Sunday School class, "The Restored Church,"and copies also to mail to my nephews and grandsons in the US military service. Deery Calvin Kendell, Beverly Arlene Kendell, Dorothy Jo Ann

I also have a son in Washington state, who I am sure could use Beck, and Larry Richard Keeler, all members of the Long copies for his adult Aaronic Priesthood class. It is too bad that Beach (California) Fourth Ward, and full tithepayers, observers

everyone does not take the Era, but this article could be folded of the Word of Wisdom, faithful attenders at Church meetings, and carried in a billfold. and good citizens in every way, are students at Brigham Young

j i ncgrG 1v University after being given scholarships by their fellow ward

Isl Eliza M. Wakefield member, Jerry S. Jacobs.

GIRLS OF CHARLESTON BRANCH ARE FETED

rpHE Charleston (West Virginia) Branch of the East Central 1 States Mission recently honored the girls of their branch at appropriate services, and each of the sixteen girls was given a copy of the book Heart of a Rose.

Pictured are, left to right, first row: Phyllis Withrow, Janet

Withrow, Sharon Haynes, Carole Ice, and Patricia Ice (who all are converts and received their individual awards for Church activity). Second row: Betty June Young (leader), Jean Whitman,

Mary Lee Hypes, Sharon Cavender Miller, Elaine Morgan, Drema

Withrow, and Lou Ellen McFarland. Third row: Jean Karnes,

Ruth Lanham, and Branch President David Atkinson. Judy Kidd,

Carolyn Yates, and Arbutus Lawson are not pictured.

992 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA:-.;--.-::,.<.-..,.. -,-..-.,..,...,:- -,.,-.-:.:-.-: -:....::,,....-,., -,:: -...-:. -.-:,: -:;"; fyZtft *pp.

-ffer'Ancjel and you..

bathroom -tissue

-that is -facial -tissue

Chiffon Tissue is actually facial tissue in roils for bathroom use I

And because it is a twinply

facial tissue it's doublesoft.

So very, very gentle.

X*. aS*S

Bafhroom /issue ro//s in fhese 5 sofi colors.

New weistrengih white facial iissues in boxes. *

G* Crown ZeMerbach Corporation B**".a""""

.

CHRISTMAS EVE AT HOME—1905

.. 'enmmwumiU

Our General Agents We hear many tales about the Christmases of a half century ago... with the candlelighted tree, the homemade ornaments,

the serenading carolers, the family fun, and the special magic Dudley M. Leavitt

of the oldfashioned Christmas. heads the Beneficial

We like to feel that the family of today knows how to keep agencyUtah, within eightSouthernagents

Christmas as well as ever... that through the myriad electric serving St. George

lights on the 1955 Christmas tree, the Star of Bethlehem will (agency headquarters),

Kanab, Monstill burn brightly and above the the laughter carols and of Hurricane,roe, Cedar City and children, the timeless hear the we will...still of "Peace message Richfield.

on Earth, Good Will to Men."

John I. Walker heads

the Beneficial Life agency from his headBENEFICIAL LIFE quarters in Long Beach.

Mr. Walker with his

agents serves the city 'ndiitaMce omptmu and of Long Beach

Orange County, CaliDavid O. McKay, Pres Salt Lake City, Utah fornia.