Spring in Zion National Park

MARCH 1955 mtlfit

Ciitf

Model #334 Table, 48"round, extends to 63"Model 1668 Chair Model #710 Buffet KJERJAKOBSEN DESIGN

.CulptuMcL BLACK METAL.

DINING FURNITURE VIRTUE BROS* MFG. CO. Los Angeles 45, California Available at leading furniture and department stores Good/GuaranteedHousekeepingbyy

sfiMKtM*V0& BIGGEST NEWS

In Cracker History!

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Excavations have been made over a Snacks, soups, salads... everything

'period covering several years by the tastes better when it's accented with

Dominican Ecole Biblique of Jerusalem at what is now called Tell elFar'ah the grand NEW taste in crackers—

about seven miles northeast of Nablus.

In a summary reported in the Biblical Club Crackers by Purity!

Archaeologist the city was important about 3500 B.C. and flourished for cen- V\\ You'll really go for their rich 'n hearty flavor...

turies, abandoned, occupied was and... crisp 'n flaky texture. early again in Israelite before inviting new shape times

final abandonment in the ninth century B.C. The excavators believe that this v

city is to be identified with Tirzah, capital of the kingdom of Israel during the years immediately following the breakup of the United Monarch after the death of Solomon. If this is so, then

the "Palace I"would be the residence of the kings from Jeroboam to Zimri and "Palace II"that reconstructed by

Omri before he moved his capital to... the

Samaria.

University of Georgia School of grandThe

Veterinary Medicine has set up the first canine blood bank. The reasons NEW

for the blood bank and methods of operation are similar to human blood TASTE with the banks, though canine blood all veterinarians don't believe matching of donor and patient's blood is necesin sary. crackers!

Many centuries ago the Eskimos found how to make the runners on their sleds go easily over the snow.The runners are made from driftwood 4

and coated by applying thawed black muck from the muskegs by patting it thick the runners. about on two inches PURITY'S

freezes solid soon and isThe mud smoothed down with a homemade plane, then a mouthful of water is squirted along the mud and smoothed with polar bear fur. The Mounties have sometimes used oatmeal porridge (cooked

without salt) for coating runners because it is tougher for going over small exposed rocks.

"* he old common idea of the way to treat a frostbitten part of the body is to begin rubbing it with snow. Good

sense and experience has led the American Red Cross to warn against this practice and to urge the injured part be warmed immediately. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt lake Phoenix PocaMlo

MARCH 1955 129.

AMERICAN POWER, AND THE ANTHROPOLOGICAL QUESTION* by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

The decade since the ending of World strength, that American trust has not -*- War II has witnessed two confusing centered wholly on its food surpluses aspects of American power in the world. and iron shard. At the same time an

Having demonstrated the greatest inunsteady spirit, a fluctuation of attiFlavor! dustrial might and military potential in tudes has been evident. Is it possible

history, during that conflict, American that this seeming imbalance, this conpower has created a range of attitudes stant emphasis on, or fluctuation beabroad running through respect to fear. tween, things "spiritual"and things

During this decade at home, many "material"goes deeper than external

Americans have voiced the greatest threats and the voiced attitudes of peofeelings of insecurity, perhaps, in the ple? Could part of the hysteriacourage-

"peacetime"history of the republic. bravadofear-courage phenomena eviFear of the power of intangible doctrines denced by reactions to the dangers of

to move men tangibly has existed side communism be in part the mirror of the by side with the greatest domestic prosdualistic view of man; the insistence on

perity Americans have ever known. In the distinction (rather than the organic

the midst of material union) between "spirit"comforts, with a surplus and "matter?"Such a

to export in foreign aid,,.--"'".- doctrine of human napassed ture has characterized Texture! the nation has

through what has been western civilization at called a spiritual crisis. least since the fourth

Where belief in the princentury A.D.

ciples embodied in the There is undoubted

Today's Improved Bill of Rights once apanalytical value in viewproached broad univeraling man as a twoin-one, ity, the scope of the same dual being. But is it time CARNATION principles has been reduced for fear of to recognize and demonstrate the idea INSTANT WHEAT the security of the state. The countless that man is neither "body"nor "spirit"

loyalty checks and prehiring investigabut a living, combined "soul"? The

tions conducted by the FBI, by Civil expanded role of the psychiatrist and the

COOKS IN '>:.*< Naval,Service Commissionand Air Forceinspectors,intelligenceArmy, psychologistsuggestive. Arein thistheirsameeffortsdecadeto healis alsothe HO TIME"

nation routine.officers, haveThebecomepsychologyan Americanof suspicionoffice frustrated,ties of thisjaded,generationoverwroughtsymptomaticsensitiviof

has gone a long way toward replacthe imagined problems of men and

WHOl INSTAHT ing the notion of trust and confidence women who view themselves, consciousall as neighbors, ly or subconsciously, in one's befellows twoin-one and *KAT., of official support ings? auspices the and enemy of the With the spirit r<K*?.e- *n under

both Republicans and Democrats. The flesh and the flesh the enemy of the

trend Edwin S. Corwin examined in spirit? Is a different conception of man

his study of the effects of World War needed as the very foundation of solv- />-SEBViCfCONSUME*BUMAU>V* II on our constitutional processes {Total ing individual, as well as societal ills?

kPARENTS) War and the Constitution, 1946), has If the dualism of Augustine and John continued in the postwar decade. Calvin is the proper description of the

of nature man, then one can have only service average club, The convenTHE DIFFERENT CEREAL HOT admiration for their greatness lastand tion, or college address commencement BETTER EVER! THAN NOW

if ing influence. But, the indualism this throughout for called period has a flavornourishing! More More

herent in western Christendom, as domito "spiritual "return"to values,"our anful! instantly! Today's Cooks

new Carnation Instant Wheat cient frontier fortitude and courage. nated by Augustinian and Calvinistic

is is from Idaho less famous made thought, correct, shift than some are considerable There accumulating "wheatier"... has Bart a Wheat in thinking be expected may without this that place. is taking evidences But

..... is in flavor protein higher

destroying of the inheritance past. the of conscious yet one is hardly a buoyant all vitamins. provides the B

Wonderfully different, wonderAmerican faith and outlook so impresSome of the strength of communism may fully improved. Every package sive as nostalgia and literature suggest lie in its unification of the doctrine of

grocer's at your Carnais new as an economic, material man man. existed. it toformerly'tion Instant Try Wheat. is also But materialism communism's that in the decade of it! You'll day. It is wholesome love

fatal if aspect. better doctrine, any, A of virtual atomic America's monopoly 1 supplant dualism. must medieval SAME FAMOUS FAMILY material its vast postwar power, of MILK AS CARNATION of the world today map A polar

*The "Anthropological question"(i.e. of the nashows the SinoSoviet sphere to be surture of man) is, after the question of the -nature

and character of God, the significant problem of aSee February Era for a suggestion regarding the theological inquiry. Declaration of Independence in secular affairs.

130 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rounded by American "physical"power.

American interesting way to learn encircle the air, globe—30,000naval, and groundtroopsunitsin An

Alaska and the Aleutians; 55,000 southPacific; 430,000 in Japan in thewards

(in terms about the gospel... units of unknownand Korea;

of public information) strength on Iwo

Jima, Guam, Okinawa, Formosa, and

Formosa Straits, the Philippines; 50,000

in Saudi Arabia, the Middle East, Libya, and the Mediterranean; 385,000 in westRead Goodern Europe; others in Iceland, Greenland, plus 2,300,000 within our own

boundaries, all equipped with the products of the mightiest industrial power. When one looks at the way the 1. GOSPEL

Soviet world is surrounded by such IDEALS might, plus our allies and their forces, By

O. David McKay undercan one their very borders,on

ininsight fine A talk they realistically, why stand, princigospel of to "coexistence"as a desirable political ples taken from objective. 2 the sermons and

In the long run, attitudes of fear or writingsdent Davidof Presi-O.

security, of the use or abuse of any form McKay. $4.00

reflect the view of human will of power held. value and human nature One THEBy W.FIRSTCleon2000SkousenYEARS

cannot discard western dualism lightly. An absorbing book that covers

For this historic, traditional view of the salient facts from the time man, in the west, has held up the ideal of Adam to the days of Abraof man's spiritual nature. But if life ham. $3.25

for a man or policy for a state becomes FOR TIME OR ETERNITY?

a question of constant psychological inBy Mark E. Petersen

love of story young inspiring The that possible we should it seems stability, marriage. temple plans for A and

politic in the body expect schism story. fascinating and tremendously

schizophrenia in individual men. $2.00

In Genesis 2:7 is found one of the MATTHEW COWLEY,

oldest, influential accounts of the nature MAN OF FAITH

Smith A. Henry By in of our civilization: found "And man

of a drama human formed the Lord man of the God of service in God the dust Allife thespentwarm, of the ground, and breathed into his and man has been captured in nostrils the breath of life; and man this outstanding book. Faith probecame a living soul."(Italics added.) moting. $3.50

If man on earth is viewed as a living 5. DOCTRINES OF SALVATION

soul, it becomes less easy to closet the Sermons and Writings of

Smith Fielding Joseph the "body""spirit"while in the mind

R. McConkie Bruce by

quest "physical"purely goes on a on much disquestions which AgeoldCompiled the mind may later, as a consequence of cussed gospel doctrines answered some stimuli, try to reconcile with firmly and authoritatively by one things "spiritual"and viceversa. At theof theChurch.foremost gospel scholars$3.00of

the same time this need not restrict the view of immortality. As a living soul HIS MANY MANSIONS

a man may view himself responsibly: as No needBy Rulonto guessS. Howellsabout what

an individual unit. He can trust heaven other churches believe... this

for past and future. As a whole indimportant book authentically lists

debeliefs of a host of Christian the responsibility vidual can accept he $2.25 for his earthly freedom. Nevertheless, nominations.

he is always a spiritual being as he is ORDER BY MAIL OR THRU BOOKCRAFT DEALERS always a material being that bleeds if BOOKCRAFT (Mar - 55 ) pricked, tires if exhausted, and famishes 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah if starved. Policies for cenand powers

turies in a Please send the following circled books for which I enclose ( ) check or ( ) money have to be needed viewed more responsible light for their effect's on order for $ human value in toto and not for their 1 2 3 4 5 6 "bodies"or their "spirits"alone. At the NAME

same time, men as living souls need ADDRESS sanctification as much as men whose CITY & "flesh"needs pricking by the spirit.

Dualism helps us understand only if (Concluded on page 205)

are based Troops 2FiRures of US on a New York STATEBOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH 1954. 5, Dec. release dated Times

MARCH 1955 131

WMyZxMmZ \Jrfacial \Jrqan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF

EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jne Lnufch of

/Jems.hriit

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Editor: L. Managing DOYLE GREEN

Associate (oi/ef Editor: C. -Jhe Managing JOSEPHSON MARBA

- Production J. Editor: Research L. ELIZABETH MOFFITT ALBERT

- Editor: Manuscript IRIS Editor:ZOBELL, PARKER is this spring scene cover a month Our - Editors: G. JR.ARCHIBALD BENNETT HOMER DURHAM

- of Patriarchs from the JR. showing two Three ContributingFRANKLIN S. HARRIS, LEE NIBLEY A. PALMER HUGHF. B.- B. SIDNEY CLAUDE SPERRY PETERSEN in of the the Patriarchs NaZion Court

- General Manager: Associate- R. Manager: CURTIS ELBERT BERTHA

It tional Park. taken from an Ektawas - Business Manager: Director: Advertising F. D. GILES JOHN S. SCOTTREEDEB VERL

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR chrome by Hal Rumel.

General conference will be held Sunday, Monday, and Wednesday, April 3,

The Editor's Page 4,of andthe General6. As inAuthoritiesthe past, willthe addressesbe pubOn Teaching and Training Children..President David O. McKay 141 lished in the June Era.

Church Features Leroy Robertson's "Oratorio from the

Book of Mormon"will be presented in the

Your Question: Churches on Earth During the Millennium Salt Lake Tabernacle, Wednesday eveningJoseph Fielding Smith 142 April 6, by the Utah Symphony and the

University combined of Utah choruses, With the President—Patience Maurice baton of Conductor under the The Clasp of a Hand..Franklin J. Murdock 143 Abravanel.

"... publish the mountains"it upon

—the story of Martin Harris—Part L.William H. Homer, Jr. 144 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES The Waiting Place—Genealogy Kit Johnson Poole 147 50 North Main Street The Way of the Church—Controlling the Past—III.Hugh Nibley 152 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

The Church Moves On 136 Genealogy 147 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

The Passing of Two Wellknown Melchizedek Priesthood 186 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Church Members 138 Presiding Bishopric's Page 188 Copyright 1955 by Mutual Funds, Inc., and

published by the Mutual Improvement AssoSpecial Features ciationsterday ofSaints.the ChurchAll rightsof Jesusreserved.Christ of SubLat-

"If it Doesn't Move, Paint it"Ned Redding 148 scriptionforeign subscriptions,price, $2.50$3.00a year,a year,inin advanceadvance;

A Father's Blessing..William R. Palmer 150 25cEnteredsingleat copy.the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Live in the Future and Stay Young Louise Berthold 155 Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for

A Change is Good for You..Esther Freshman 159 formailingin sectionat special1103. rateAct ofof Octoberpostage 1917.providedauWild Animals of Utah Pioneer Days Claude T. Barnes 160 thorized July 2, 1918.

In Time of Need Ilene Hanks Kingsbury 162 TheunsolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era is butnot responsiblewelcomes confor

The Spoken Word from Temple Square paniedtributions.by sufficientAll manuscriptspostage formustdeliverybe "accomand

Richard L. Evans 174, 178, 180, 206 return.

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Homer Durham 130

Harris, Jr 129 The Right Spirit, O. A. Kearney...134 Change of Address

These Times: American Power, and On the Bookrack 168 Thirty days'notice required for change of

the Anthropological Question, G. Your Page and Ours 208 address.clude addressWhen sliporderingfrom a achange,recent pleaseissue inof

the changes magazine. be Address cannot Family Today's

unless the old address as well as made the new

Mrs. Wallace included. one is F. Bennett Likes No Frills for Boys, Louise Price

Cooking Short Cuts, Iris Parker.. 196 Bell 204

If I Were in My Teens, S. DilHandy Hints 204

worth Young 200 No Truer Words, Elmer S. CrowNational Advertising Representatives

Vines May be the Answer, Ruth ley 207

K. Kent.202 EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

110 Sutter St.

Stories, Poetry San Francisco, California

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

The Taming of Tessa Elsa Pedersen 156 Los672 AngelesLafayette57,ParkCaliforniaPlace

Jeff Hayward's Good Impression Hilliard Bennett 164 SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES...138 B. E. Harris Winter Bonus, H. Emans A 185 New342 YorkMadison17, Ave.N. Y. Frontispiece, the and Between of Books, Catherine E. Snow Wonder

& SONS Berry the Flower, Anobel Armour 139 195 30DAVIS St. N. LaSalle 140 Factually Poetry Page Speaking, Iris W. Schow.,199 Illinois Chicago,

Lupin, Novelle V. Watts 178 Bon Voyage, Son, Vilate R. McAlNow Finding Blue, Elaine V. lister 206 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

132 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CHUCK WAGON BREAKFAST

Happy eating with Sperry Buttermilk Pancakes and delicious Log Cabin Syrup Somgy

Here's a Westerner's idea of fun. Tender buttery stacks

of Sperry sourcream buttermilk pancakes drippin'with rich golden Log Cabin Syrup. Folks can't seem to get Jt**3i

enough of these delicious old fashioned pancakes which

Betty Crocker, of General Mills, developed. And what

rich deep flavor Log Cabin Syrup adds. Real maple flavor

from real maple sugar. Log Cabin Syrup's special blending of sugar and pure maple sugar syrups is matchless.

Plan now to have this Chuck Wagon Breakfast soon.

Put Log Cabin Syrup and Sperry Pancake and Waffle Mix PANCAKE on your grocery list today. What a happy breakfast team. AWDWAFFU NUX.

LOG CABIN SYRUP IS A PRODUCT OF GENERAL FOODS

The Right When:,4J it's time

to replace your Spirit water heater by O. A. Kearney

install FOWLER

Bill Patterson came striding ing on the bench and that isn't good,

Biginto the bank and lowered his you know."

huge frame onto the creaking "I see what you mean, but you seem desk. As he grasped beside my to grade the in good shape. be making the water chair

as I I almost shuddered my hand, secret?"special you any Have

crack would heater that thought my bones how "Well, nothing exclusive, but I down. decide to clamp if he should

a little that system helps me. this that believe man have hardly I couldPIONEERED al- I step there bat Whenever up to little as the person the same was

fellow who used to be wiggling around ways comes to my mind a verse that my father used to quote at the breakin the back row of my Sunday School class a few years ago. fast table. It runs like this: "Create

reto give you cleaner hot "Where did you come from?"I innewme aa cleanright heart,spiritO God;withinandme."

playing were thought you "I asked.

I try (Psalms 51:10.) Then my best service longer water, Giants."the with spirit right to saying to the get in by DIFFERENCE BIG THERE'S A "I said. right,"he am just "That's 'If ball the myself, doesn't! put he For HEATERS IN WATER

example: some water heaters offer home this weekend. As you know,"squarely in the strike zone, I'll walk.

while protection glasslined year "this on, is my first went others he in If going there, I'm does put it in he protection glasslined not. do And that think people time. big Some this posito it plenty.'I believe want. hit sure to you're feature is a

For more than 20 years Fowler baseball is just a game, but to me it tive spirit helps in this situation."

built heaters been have water ordinary in with is business. serious man A glasslining. finest of kind the I it Bill,"said. "I does, sure "I am in a little once a coast bondedto-steel can business porcelain Durable to going are that idea you have an resists rust in tank every Fowler min- a relax I dare don't while, but

... time."for a long there be keeps water corrosion up and

felof flock is a always ute. There.. years of clean sparkling. adds

extra service to the life of the lows trying for my job and any time After Bill went out, I began thinkheater. water might system ing about how Bill's heaters offer my batting average slips I'll be restelectric water Fowler in business. As work we sit facing all industry's biggest the of

advancements to provide lowcost, home plate at the breakfast table, operation. Each model dependable verse from the that use we might

is the manufacturer's by backed... in clean heart, Bible: "Create me a year warranty. 20

Before you buy your next water and renew a right spirit within me."

heater, get the facts about Fowfer. Then, like Bill, we might help out

See your Fowler dealer soon. in the matter by saying to ourselves

something like this: "Today the

world is going to toss some tricky pitches at me. Some may be curves,

some fast balls, and perhaps a slow FOWLER ball. Unless these pitches are squarely in the strike zone of what is true,

what is honest, and just, and of good report, I'm not going to swing at HEATERWATER

Manufactured Manufacturing Co. them. On the other hand, if they by Fowler

2545 S. E. Gladstone Sti, Portland 2, Ore. do meet these tests, I intend to hit

the ball and hit it hard."

Bill's positive application of the

Bible verse is a good one to use in the game of life.

134 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Give her "Country Good"SUGAR HONEYNABISCO.:.::...: GRAHAMS

ABiscoiiairmf wholesome GRAHAMS as Nature!

Nature puts her best into NABISCO

Sugar Honey GRAHAMS -pure country honey, nutritious "real"graham flour.

And NABISCO bakes them to a goldenbrown, tendercrisp deliciousness. Full

to the youngsters Give them between 2 LBS. lbs.

netwt. digest easily—don't meals. They 2 in "spoil appetites."This is the kind kepfTtesh

with the flavor you like—the 61NER-SEM.

quality you can trust. NOW EACH CRACKER BREAKS INTO

PERFECT SIZE FOR EASY EATING. wax packets

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

MARCH 1955 135 the Church moves On A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events

and their youngest daughter, Bonnie, President David O. McKay and

December 1954 will accompany him to this field of 1 o his party arrived in Tahiti during labor. their tour of South Pacific Island MisSpeaking to the subject "If I Be sions.

Sill, Elder Sterling Up,"W. i Lifted at Mutual"night was held "Meet Me Assistant to Sonne, Elder Alma ofAssistant to the the Twelve, Council the Church. throughout of dedithe Council the Twelve, tf radioaddressed audience nationwide the

Sugarville of the the cated chapel Ward,of the Broadcasting National Company.

plaster casts for the bronze. The Stake. Deseret (Utah) of CaliSouthern ChoirThe Mormon

of the font the baptismal oxen of formerly Browning, T. FJder Dale for thisfornia the furnished music

"Faith in Action"program. second counselor to President N. Russell temple in Switzerland left Salt Lake

Tanner of Weber (Utah) Stake, susCity for Europe, where they will be tained as president of that stake. Elder made. Sculptor Millard F. Malin was

A Elder Frederick S. Williams, Raymond S. Wright resustained as first assisted in making the plaster casts by

former president of the Argentine counselor, and Elder William De Mik, Maurice Brooks and Torlcif Knaphus.

and Uruguayan Missions, was set apart Jr., sustained as second counselor. The casts of the six oxen (each will be

as president of the Los Angeles Temple Elder J. Golden Snow sustained as used twice) weighed an estimated five

Mission and director of the Bureau of president of the Taylor (Alberta, Canhundred pounds each.

Information on the temple lot, by the ada) Stake, succeeding President James

First Presidency. H. Walker, deceased. President Snow's Elder Harold B. Lee of the Councounselors are Elders J. Orvin Hicken L 6 cil of the Twelve dedicated the

and Rulon H. Dahl. chapel of the Provo Twelfth and Thirteenth wards, East Provo (Utah) Stake.

January 1955. President David O. McKay and

classes g. night in playwrit-. Monday in arrived party Tonga. J. Among J[

President and Sister and McKay ing rt at were Institute the of begun four 4 were U those meeting Tongan him left Franklin Elder li J. Murdock Religion, to adjacent the of University had of come the Church who members

Salt of their City, tour beginning Lake the campus, Utah by to committees drama shake sailboat in miles open 140 an the Pacific Missions of the Church. hands with the President. of the MIA general boards. The course

is for six weeks.

his party President and McKay O. David and President McKay

left Francisco beginthe San on 4 President thirspent David O. party two January McKay and r 1 J of Pacific their tour.ning TravelSouth party arrived international recrossing the d in Auckland, L by New air, lefting that they by same teenths Honolulu Zealand, their on first current tour spent of in Tonga, was dateline. misThe

brief stop. afterevening, a sions. in spent Samoa. second the was and

Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Council

the in Twelve returned abruptly to turned hurricane A Salt Lake dediof O. David McKay President

after i) City its touring area missing path, the the three where in missions of the Sauniatu the chapel eated 1 4 South flying. America.President party were and McKay Mission. Branch, Samoan

While resting in Suva, Fiji Is-, It was announced that during the an A new leadership program for the was YMMIA in the hands flight, after overseas an / lands, last 31, there L& ending May J) year 1 leaders of Scouts, Explorers, said thatPresident O. David McKay Junior Mof musicians, thespians, 79,814 49,730 were Men, this and week. Men Special its increase to educa- M hopesthe Church participated in speakers 99,068 who and recordings sent were to of each the 219 facilities of for nativestional the Tonga of the Mutual. Some programs the

stakes of the Church. In the pronew Samoa.and in the presented were dramas 6754

class gram leaders are to asked en- (1) 12,518 ward wards. There were various

roll all boys their within to ward; (2) stake dances. 2591 The and dances S. Dr. currently Ballif, Ariel visit, contact letter, by telepostcard, parfifteen thousand reported YMMIA of departsociology the chairman or phone, otherwise, O each does boy who four teams; basketball ticipants 1173 on at University, Brighamment Young was not attend a Mutual to once month; (3) volleyball of 501 members thousandcalled as of president the Zealand visit New boys their personally in and home eight on members thousand teams, andMission, President succeeding Sidney then to determine leaders measures what resoftball teams. 622 The YWMIA Ottley. a served a he young AsJ. man can best serve help youths; the and

of their members that 17,089 ported in formission fortytwo Zealand New that and the teachers (4) themselves activities, in participated camping had duringmonths, he time which was are live teach and the standards of sports that programs were 7178 andprincipal of old Agricultural the Maori the sacrament meeting, Church—attendto held.

isCollege. of a bishop the former He priesthood meeting, at and least MIA

Provo Ninth Ward, a former member seventyfive percent of the time. At the

of the high council of the East Provo Elder Henry D. Moyle of the same time it was announced that the

Stake, and at this appointment to the 1 / Council of the Twelve dedicated agegroup assistants will now be known

New Zealand Mission, is the president the chapel of the Queens Ward, New as the ward institutional representaof the East Provo Stake. Mrs. Ballif York Stake. tives.

136 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The entire family is loud in its praise for KSLTV's for newlyenlarged weekday

afternoon programming. kids

Although planned for the moppets, kids from two to 92 only?

are having fun while watching..

to wet%

tA1&FI

SAGEBRUSH PLAYHOUSE

with Marshal Dan Monday through Friday at 4:45

m anesdays at 5.30

?.A BlLUs Thrsdoys

Qnrid:zKrooNs7F**hys a*4:30

*hb **s< of yS *S:3

B,

families agree on channel KSLTV

MARCH 1955 137.

THE PASSING OF TWO WELLKNOWN CHURCH MEMBERS

Death has taken two wellknown later the American Academy of Dramembers of the Church recently: matic Arts, in New York. She was

Miss Maud May Babcock, who an instructor for three summer sespassed away on December 31, 1954, sions at Harvard University, and in Salt Lake City, and Elder Albert taught at the Engleside School for

M. Talmage, who died at his home in Girls in the Berkshires.

ixxr (EJjurrl) Qlntr Provo, Utah, January 11, 1955. Miss Babcock recalled, on the occasion of her birthday in 1947, that

excellent Listed the below are a few of in stock. Easter have Cantatas we We T?lder Talmage, a brother of the it was Mrs. Susa Young Gates who

for west. responsible her coming early to that avoid order suggest deyou of the was E. Talmage James late Dr.

lays. shall to these send happy be We of Mrs. one Gates was in her summer lifeof the was a Twelve, or inCouncil others for approval"any your "on

spection. Merely check the cantata you long worker in the cause of the blind. classes at Harvard. She joined the

wish to order or the ones you wish sent Blind himself since an accident at faculty of the University of Utah in on approval.

play, when he was but six years of 1892, when that institution was situCHRIST CRUCIFIED—Wilson.. 1.00 age, he knew from firsthand experiated where Salt Lake City's West

CHRIST EVELASTING—Wilson 1.00 ence, the problems that beset the High School stands.

CRUCIFIXION—Stainer 75 sightless. She was a former president of the

EASTER GOSPEL ACCORDLorenz.... 1.00 In 1904, under the direction of the National Association of Teachers of ING to ST. JOHN—

EMPTY TOMB—Peery 1.00 late President Joseph F. Smith, the Speech, served on the board of Utah

GOD'S ONLY SON—Holton.... 1.00 Society for the Aid of the Sightless School for the Deaf and Blind for

years, twelve twenty as years with GREAT INHERITANCE—beElder organized. Talmage was

1.00 WardStephens life later president, in and was made the its manager. began came He LIFE TRIUMPHANT—Strickof an honorary the National member to the Messenger publication land of The.75

LIGHT AND LIFE—Stults 60 Sightless, in 1912, which he edited League of American Pen Women.

LOVE TRIUMPHANT—until his retirement in May 1953. She authored or collaborated on sevThompson 1.00 (See "Albert M. Talmage, Retired eral books on the teaching of speech. MAN OF SORROWS—Thompson 1.00 Editor of The Messenger to the SightAfter coming to Utah, Miss BabTRAGEDY TO TRIUMPH—less,"The Improvement Era, Sepcock joined the Church and was alHamblen 1.00 tember 1954, page 635; also "Service ways willing to use her talents for

TRIUMPHANT HOUR—Lorenz 1.00 to the Sightless,"The Improvement the furtherance of the work of the

VICTORY—Wiidermere 1.00 Era, July 1942, page 438.) Church. She was active in temple

work.

Elder Talmage was born October

Name 15, 1867, in Hungerford, Berks, She traveled in Europe and in the

Address England, son of James J. and Orient,of students.sometimes conducting parties

Preatter and Talmage, Susannah City.. State brother, Her Dr. William Wayne folStates to the the United came ( ). or enclosed order money Check of Babcock Philadelphia, cited was the year. attending lowing While ( ). to my account Charge last as year the outstanding physician

( ) in for Blind Ogden, the he School apporval on Send (In Utah, add 2 percent sales tax.) met and later married Sarah Whalen, of the year by the American Medical

Association.

T7& ain teacherthe Saltthere.Lake TheyTemple,wereDecembermarried 'aijnes ITlusicMi

21, 1905. She was his coworker in

efforts for I I I T I II III If'1 II 4547 SOUTH MAIN his the blind. She pre- A WINTER BONUS i IH 5affa/ceC,Yt/ death. ceded him in P BLVD..OGDEN UNIVERSITY, WASHINGTON NORTH145 PROVO 2260

By B. E. H. Harris

cares; M issmemberBabcockofwasthetheUniversityfirst womanof TheAur hearts were heavy with a thousand nights were lowering black, the days CHOICE FILMS Utah faculty, and at her retirement slate gray.

By L.D.S. people for L.D.S. showings in 1938, had served there for fortyMore storms were hovering round. Then,

unaware, six years. organized She had OLIVER COWDERY to a sparkling wakened day. bonus the We

min. 45 of color sound dramatization 16mm culture departphysical speech and as balmy, The air was spring; in budding in his life. highlights Very educational and

a smiled sun landscape, The fresh on and entertaining. university, at the and had ments

as served head of the speech departFair gay, foretaste of what nature soon would THE CHOICE LAND years. bring. ment for many the 30 min. sound fi'm dramatizing 16mm

the Story of theme. history as Americas with Book of Mormon She was born May 2, 1867, in LetBe memory'sglorious, boon,verdantwhenspringswinter'sof othersnowflakesyears

Reasonable rental-—-Also hundreds East Worcester, Otsego County, New cling.

is other lost, films to choose All not life appears; however of from York, a daughter of William Wayne

to heed dark prophet Be slow what gloom's write full information, or call For Babcock. She and Sarah Jane Butler saith.

was graduated from the National Cast off the sable cloak of chilling fears.

flowers'sunshine, bird song, 54 PostHILLAM'SOffice Place breath.

of Phone 3-5417Salt Lake City, Utah Schooland theof LyceumOratorySchoolof Philadelphia,of Acting, RememberLife the counterfeit waits beneath death!

138 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1 '::::; W::::v'.*;

.,<**; iiii, #

—Photo fey HaZ Rumel Studios

Between the Snow and the Flower

by Anobel Armour The hills are gray and lonely in this hour

Between the silver snow, the scarlet flower.

There is a grayness even in the wind

And in the spruce's branches, browncone thinned,

And in the mist like foldeddown gray wings.

But even through the gray the spirit sings,

For peace lies still against the sunless stones

And even lies along the bleached white bones

Of lightningstricken trees. Here man can stand,

Seeming to cup creation in his hand,

Needing but little more than he knows now,

Part of the hill, the mist, the coneless bough.

MARCH 1955 *139 THESE LET HIM FIND MARCH BOY SONG FOR YOU

By Rose Thomas Graham By Anobel Armour By Christie Lund Coles

not back, he will he comesWhen for your ear, music this be lifts goes his heels and boy brown be the TPhe | et "same, rhymes; simple blows, These wind March a hill where To

little boy. less the and the man, moreA fall as healingly thing: Let them just a single Intent on

baseball as aGreet winning game from him chimes; string. As Sunday earth with to sky fasten

full eyes, hearts in laughter yourWith is right green wind the new knows of ToHe joy. rest, for pillow your kite this brisk be Let brisk one and For one boy

let find his in boyhood chum, him DadAnd this song; love, This always been has that prove March To

if it last plain. hair uncurled, he sawMom's curved in, wing, a kites Let it be flying for white month The

lilting gentle aAll the house through hum fear wrong; and Against its weather green windy and Because

rain. after inLike cooing sunshine doves together. sky earth and Ties and boy

little please, change, hisIn but bedroom, own for you, comfort this be Let

The wellremembered pictures on the wall; Warmth for the cold;

The be remembering fragrance of baked apples near the BLOW A NEW SONG Let it range, you are old. When

And Sis's blue umbrella in the hall. By Inez Clark Thorson

pals to in hisCall laugh sing and frigid northland, the and play, ind from yesterday. said, but "Hello"he thoughAs

afar, from Blow ONCE A CHILD Mantles of white to cover PRESUMPTUOUS WIND Earth's rust and scar. By Beulah Huish Sadleir

By Jane Merchant Wind from the sunrise portals. want to see your pretty face

Blow fresh and warm I Against the windowpaneTemanded Joan, who's nearly five, Over a world hateclouded—I want you small—close to my feet,

Observing how her freshwashed rows Scatter the storm. A little child again.

Of dresses danced as if alive "Who said the wind could wear my clothes?"Wind from the land of sunsets, I want to hear you sing your songs

Snare a stray beam, To ease the sudden fear

Freight it with peace and beauty—That life moves fast around us

HEARTSHAPED WORD Blow a new dream. My darling, do you hear

By Lucretia Penny Wind from the south, blow gently The pulse beat of my spirit?

rain; closely to the Listen the long All day shelters that built house theXJe them

is only the I know That way the land of blossoms from Out paint, used no chrome no And pain. silent the To ease a song! Blow new the Yet speak they word you when know

How sweet a sound is home. The cord that binds us—each as oneWas woven strong, but free.

INARTICULATE OurOur songssouls toreacheternity.up to the heavens,

By Angelyn W. Wadley

Some can write poems to nature. Blossoms,

birds, THE SEA TOLD ME Majestic scenes, the seasons'changing dress,

Are motives for bright melodies of words By Cpl, Robert P. Bollschwciler

Which echo moods I feel but can't express.

Some can write tributes to the world's great While pacing down the rolling deck, sons, My gaze fell on the sea;

Or odes to art or truth; while others find -Photograph b\i William A. Garnett And as I walked, I asked myself

Their urge is to describe the lowly ones How all this came to be.

Whose tasks and virtues are the common Why does the sea, though made of drops, kind. MOUNTAIN SPRINGTIME AndStretchwhyoutmustits armswe, allso far,mothers'sons,

Such themes touch my heart, too, but I'm By Janet Moore LeaveAnd sooursailhomesout to andwar?our dear ones, content

lays, let others write the to these, For some sing, feet his winds March A round when it I I'll for repeat, meant think the was crashing sea, searched foaming, Which blossoming a mountain weaves The I praise. voice our to find there another help one seemed IAnd That we

violets trilliums, starflowers, Of I I close, long to the question hold answer baby But The when my take too grieves soon they when And song! into a boyish joy write to mind. wing. Within For words my my

For as the waves roll on and on,

In May he paints a rockclad slope So onward we must roll;

RECOMPENSE Where leap the deer and antelope, And mothers'prayers will rise on high, bluebells, columbine, poppies, With fight sons will mothers'and die And By Grace R. Ballard blights his hope. briefness once more goal. Whose Before our we've reached

\ may not know the luxury of tears

For things I've left undone; Again in June he tries to tame Because they're taught "there is no God,"

But still toil forward through the coming Elusive spring and lauds her fame They reel down darkened lanes, years Upon a loftier plateau Their bodies free to move about,

Till life is done. In lupin plume and paintbrush flame. But with minds held in chains.

Until these chains are broken,

The strife is not in vain if I may find When August sears the plain below, Until all men are free, fail. fight on, cannot with patched must decks high we meadows, end, journey's snow, We He at my When

... to sail that's Yes, called rose were heather, we Lenten why In gentian, along the way a bit helped One I have

Shall call me "Friend."Still loath to let the springtime go. Across this endless sea!

140 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 5>5s5sJ\5v: XKJ\3S> >VA3V>X>X>On3V>

On Teaching and Training Children li life h--y. \ -*"

Excerpts from Gospel Ideals by President David O. McKay

to eternal life, the most precious gift that You cannot give what you do not possess. You Next our Father in heaven can bestow upon man cannot awaken in the hearts of children a nobility

is his children. which is not yours.... [Children should] be fired

* * * * * with an ambition to be useful and infused with a desire to be obedient, that thereby they might

In the formation of character and guidance of enjoy the first and foremost right of childhood;

childhood, parental influence is greatest; next viz., to be happy.

comes the teacher's.

The proper training of childhood is man's most If a lesson is prepared and developed in an sacred obligation. Children at birth are the most atmosphere of cheerfulness, the child cannot help

dependent and helpless of all creatures, yet they being interested and inspired, and the teacher are the sweetest and the greatest of all things in the is doubly blessed. To give a lesson well prepared

blesses him that gives and him world. They come from the Father pure and is like mercy—it

undefiled, their souls like stainless white paper that receives. It is true in teaching as in life

on which are to be written the aspirations and "Give to the world the best you have, and the achievements of a lifetime. Whether that scroll best will come back to you."

shall become the biography of a noble Christlike life, or a series of blots and blurs, depends largely, if not entirely, upon the guiding influence of parTeachers, begin the preparation of your lessons ents, playmates, and teachers. in prayer. Teach your lessons with a prayerful

***** heart.sage in Thenthe soulsprayofthatyourGodchildrenwill enrichthroughyourthemesin-

There is true nobility in the soul of that man fluence of his Holy Spirit.

or woman who sincerely desires and strives to lead children out of contaminating influences into

we keep in mind the ultimate aim of the work. We an environment of*****high ideals and lofty endeavors. After all, the technical learning is secondary if

Bishops, do not hesitate to ask the men and must never lose sight of that. It is the Spirit

are is what teaches you to teach our children which you choose whom women than] will influence [more what your direct: questions the spirit.children—What the following

is is going say. of the Lord you what The Spirit Are bishopric—with children. those teachers teach your to reach and Authorities? stake the youpresidency—thein harmony withGeneralthe

Do you keep the Word of Wisdom when you are out in society, on the street, or wherever you are?

Do you pay your tithing? [We] look forward to the time, and we hope it

Do you keep the Sabbath day holy? is beginning today, when nobility of character will

Are you honest in your dealings with your be recognized as being greater than intellect;

fellow men? when faith in our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ,

Do not hesitate to put these and other pertinent when loyalty to the standards and principles of questions directly to teachers when you call them. his restored gospel will be the motivating ideals

Appeal to them and try to make them realize in the life of every child and youth in the Church.

that to be a teacher is to be a leader, a copartner May God's nearness and his guidance, to which all with the Creator in molding souls. pupils and teachers are entitled, hasten that day.

xJLvl 1/ l/l) I 3 IWi MARCH 1955 by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Churches on Earth During the Millennium

"Will there he any other churches with glory may dwell upon all the earth."(D. & C. 101:23Ite ministers on the earth during the millen25.)

nium teaching doctrine contrary to the doctrines of the So we learn that all corruptible things, whether men

Church which the Lord established? I understand that or beasts or element, shall be consumed; but all that

in the resurrection people of all creeds and manners of does not come under this awful edict shall remain.

belief will be resurrected, but I am not clear in relation Therefore, the honest and upright of all nations, kindreds, to the millennial reign?"and beliefs who have kept the terrestrial as well as the

celestial law, will remain. Under these conditions people will enter the great reign of Jesus Christ, carrying

When the reign of Jesus Christ comes durwith them their beliefs and religious doctrines. Their

ing the millennium, only those who have agency will not be taken from them. On this subject

lived the telestial law will be removed. It is recorded President Brigham Young has said:

in the Bible and other standard works of the Church "In the Millennium men will have the privilege of that the earth will be cleansed of all its corruption and their own belief, but they will not have the privilege of wickedness. Those who have lived virtuous lives, who treating the name and character of Deity as they have

have been honest in their dealings with their fellow man done before. No, but everv knee shall bow and every

and have endeavored to do good to the best of their untongue confess to the glory of God the Father that shallderstanding, remain. Malachi it was To is the Christ."(Discourses revealed Jesus of Brigham Young, pp.

that "... all yea, the proud, all that do wickedly, and 182183, 1925 119, 1943 cd.) ed.; p.

shall be stubble: and the day that cometh shall burn The Prophet Joseph Smith has said:

them up, saith the Lord of hosts, that it shall leave them "There will be wicked men on the earth during the neither root nor branch."(Malachi 4:1.) Isaiah also thousand years. The heathen nations who will not

declared the people that because the everbroken had worship up to come will be visited with the judgments ". the earth,lasting covenant.. therefore the and defiled of God, and must eventually be destroyed from the

inhabitants of the earth are burned, and few men left."earth."(Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, pp. 268-

(Isaiah 24:6.) In this dispensation the Lord revealed 269.)

the following: The saying that there will be wicked men on the

"And prepare for the revelation which is to come, when earth during the millennium has been misunderstood the veil of the covering of my temple, in my tabernacle, by many, because the Lord declared that the wicked which hideth the earth, shall be taken off, and all flesh shall not stand, but shall be consumed. (D. & C. 5:1819,

shall see me together. 29:8-10, 101:2325.) In using this term "wicked"it

"And every corruptible thing, both of man, or of the should be interpreted in the language of the Lord as beasts of the field, or of the fowls of the heavens, or of recorded in the Doctrine and Covenants, Section 84,"the fish of the sea, that dwells upon all the face of the verses 4953. Here the Lord speaks of those who have

earth, shall be consumed. not received the gospel as being "wicked"as they are

"And also that of element shall melt with fervent heat; still under the bondage of sin, having not been bapand all things shall become new, that my knowledge and tized. "The inhabitants of the terrestrial order will remain on the earth during the Millennium, and this class

is without the Gospel ordinances."(Teachings of the

Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 269.)

The Lord said through Isaiah, speaking of the milEDITOR'S NOTE lennium:

Response to Your Question is so large that it is pos- "For, behold, I create new heavens and a new earth:

sible to answer on these pages but a small percentage and the former shall not be remembered, nor come into write, questions of submitted. be the you When sure mind. in case it seems address include your to name and

advisable to answer your letter personally. "But be ye glad and rejoice for ever in that which I

(Continued on page 176) 142 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA With the President

by Franklin J. Murdoch.

PATIENCE

Patience is one of the cardinal virtues, and it is said that patience overcometh all things.

Sister Martha Wolfgang of Vavau in the Tongan

Islands had been investigating the gospel as explained to her by the missionaries for some time. The baptismal I MrJ (jLANl \j\l A IIAIM 1/

meeting was announced for the end of the week. She,

contrary to the wishes of her husband and to the inHE OUTSTRETCHED hand is a symbol of friendship, of m structions given by the Church, presented herself for | greeting, and of brotherhood and affection. The

baptism to the two missionaries, and they baptized her. handclasp means confidence, trust, and fidelity. The

Her husband, hearing of her plans, rushed to the water's warmth of the hand reflects the pulse of the heart, edge, but it was too late—she had been baptized. He As we were leaving Canton Island on January 5,

became enraged and flew into a fit of anger against our Pan American Strata Clipper had provided us with the missionaries, but he was constrained and did not sleepers. Our schedule had been delayed three hours

carry out his threats to whip them. because of a threatened hurricane coming northward

When his wife returned home, he was so angered fr0m the Fiji Islands. Canton Island is 1800 miles

with her that he went immediately and engaged the south from Honolulu. President McKay had arisen

services of a Christian minister and aroused her at three quite early and had written in his diary. I arose at

o'clock in the morning and insisted that she be bap- 6:30 a.m. and asked President McKay if he would like

tized by the minister. She had no other course open to take a short walk while the plane had stopped. He

but to submit and be sprinkled by the minister. Her said he would wait for Sister McKay and sat nearby

husband, thinking that this had invalidated her baptism waiting for her to arise.

by immersion, forbade her to attend the services in the I had walked over to the lounge room of Pan AmeriChurch of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. can World Airways and was resting in my reserved

She quietly and patiently carried on in the home withplace. I noticed Sister McKay's hand come out of the

out one word being said about Mormonism or the missleeper curtains indicating she was ready to be helped sionaries. At the end of about six months her husband down to the main floor of the clipper. The Lady Clipsaid to her one morning, "Martha, there is something perette came and took hold of her hand to assist her.

which I have had on my mind for some time, and this Just then President McKay looked up and saw her hand morning I would like to mention it to you. It is this out and clasped it in his large, warm one. At that very

that if you wish to go to the Mormon Church, you may moment she unmistakably knew it was his hand, and do so, and if you wish to take part in it, I have no obshe immediately gave his hand a return pressure of jection."She was completely overcome with joy and affection.

began quietly and earnestly to take part in all the activiThose four hands have been clasping each other for ties of the Church. Her husband has not hindered her 54 years, at least. Those hands know what work and

in any way, but has helped her all he could. sacrifice and ambition mean. Those hands have been

As President McKay shook hands with a Sister Wolfthrough sorrow and trials and have bound up the weary gang in Tonga today, he asked if she were the sister of and sad and have administered to the poor and needy

Martha Wolfgang, whom he had known thirtyfour and unto the "least of these."Those hands have been

years ago. She smiled and said, "Yes, I am of the same asked for and have covenanted with each other for

family, and, President, I remember the whole story, time and all eternity. Those hands love to be together,

just as you have told it to us today in meeting."and they reflect the heartbeat of a great couple. It is

Patience overcometh all things! always a privilege to clasp those hands.,,,: %

MARCH 1955 143 Part I mong the early settlers of western

New York was Nathan Harris, an THE TESTIMONY OF THREE WITNESSES industrious farmer who acquired Be It Known unto all nations, kindreds, tongues, and people, unto whom extensive land holdings in the vicinity this work shall come: That we, through the grace of God the Father, and

record, which this contain plates Christ, which have seen the our Jesus Lord in son, Martin, 1792. Hisof Palmyra

brethren, their Lamanites, also the of is of of the people Nephi, a and record of this at age, the years of timenme hath of which the tower of from also of Jared, the people came who and pioneer move, was destined to play an been spoken. And we also know that they have been translated by the gift

it us; wherefore we unto declared for his voice hath of God, and powerimportant role in the coming forth

testify also that we have true. is And we that the of a surety work know'

of the Book of Mormon. seen the engravings which are upon the plates; and they have been shown

words with we declare not of And man. and of God, the power unto us by later, in 1816, years Twentyfour he brought heaven, and from of angel down of came soberness, that an God

his family Smith, Sr.,Joseph moved engravthe plates, and the saw beheld eyes, that and before our laid we and

from Norwich, Vermont, to the neighings thereon; and we know that it is by the grace of God the Father, and

are things these that bear record beheld and Christ, that we Jesus Lordborhood of Palmyra, which was by our the Lord of voice the Nevertheless, eyes. it is in our true. marvelous And

now a wellestablished Community. commanded us that we should bear record of it; wherefore, to be obedient

The two families soon became acunto the commandments of God, we bear testimony of these things. And

of the rid our garments Christ, faithful in we shall are that if we vm know of Christ, the judgmentseat spotless before found be and of allquainted—Martin, now a mature man blood men,

with substantial farming interests of and shall dwell with him eternally in the heavens. And the honor be to the

his own, sometimes hiring the boy, Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost, which is one God. Amen.

Joseph, Jr., twentythree ypars youngOliver Cowdery

er, to work for him. 1 David Whitmer

Martin Harris That the Smith and Harris families were on intimate terms before Joseph

Smith, Jr., received the plates in 1827,

"... publish it upon the mountains"

and that Martin was deeply interested THE STORY OF MARTIN HARRIS, ONE OF THE in the divine by and impressed maniTHREE WITNESSES OF THE BOOK OF MORMON festations given to is attested Joseph, by the Prophet's mother. Mentioning

the trouble which beset Joseph when by William H. Homer, Jr.

he took possession of the plates, she states: "No one ever heard anything from us respecting them [the When the time arrived for Joseph Hale, were attending to some busiplates], except a confidential friend, Smith, Jr., to take possession of the ness in Palmyra when Martin Harris

whom my husband had spoken to plates, difficulties multiplied, as he approached. "Here, Mr. Smith, is

about them, two or three years previhad been forewarned what would fifty dollars; I give this to you to do

ous."2 Elsewhere in her history she happen by the Angel Moroni. Atthe Lord's work with; no, I give it to

identifies this confidential friend by tempts by persons of evil intent to name as Martin Harris.'5 gain possession of the plates were alAmong the earliest authentic recmost daily occurrences, but all these

ords of the association of Joseph nefarious schemes were frustrated.

Smith, Jr., and Martin Harris, is EdThe opposition around Manchester,

ward L. Stevenson's account of his nearest village to the Smith farm, soon

conversation with Martin during their became so intense that translation of trip from Ohio to Utah: "He said that the divine record was manifestly imJoseph Smith, the Prophet, was very possible at that, time and place. The

poor, and had to work by the day for Prophet decided to seek a more tolerhis support, and he [Harris] often ant environment. He accepted an ingave him work on his farm, and that vitation from his wife's parents to

they had hoed corn together many a come to their home in Harmony, day.... Joseph he said, was good to Pennsylvania. Because of the bitter

work with and jovial, and they often feeling against his mission, it had wrestled together in. sport, but the been hard for him to secure employProphet was devoted and attentive to ment for some time, and he now exhis prayers."4 perienced difficulty in meeting some

of his obligations and financing the of MorBook Witnesses of the Nibley, The trip. p. 107. City, (Salt 1953), Lake mon1Preston

(Salt the Prophet Smith, Smith, Joseph Mack 2Lucy Martin Harris saved the day. Joseph 132. 1902), p. City, Lake

109. "Ihid., p.

op. 'Nibley, cit., pp. 134135. Smith, Jr., and his wife's brother, Alva Oliver Cowdery

144 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EDITOR'S NOTE

Martin Harris, the eldest of the Three Witnesses to the divinity of the

Book of Mormon, has long been a subject of interest to the Latterday Saints.

Still, too few of us know very much about him. He was a neighbor of the

Smith family in New York, and one of the first to hear of young Joseph's experiences in searching for the true church. It was Martin Harris who took

the copy of the Book of Mormon figures to Professor Anthon in New York City;

it was his money which made possible the publication of the Book of Mormon.

It ws he who left the Church to endure a lifetime of bitterness; it was he,

who in the late autumn of his life, rejoined the Church, came to Utah, and lived among the Saints, always testifying of the truthfulness of the Book.

In this series all those things—and more—will be recorded as to the life

of Martin Harris.

translation already accomplished and Professor Anthon wanted Martin asked permission to be entrusted with to bring the plates to him for translathem. This request was granted, and tion. Martin remarked that part of

Martin Harris he proceeded with them to New York the golden book was sealed, whereCity. Here, at one of America's upon Professor Anthon replied, "I

fulthus book,"read a sealed institutions of cannot distinguished Joseph mostthe Lord for his own work."Isaiah: of the prophecy filling literally learning, College, now Columbiagratefully accepted the proffered

University, he submitted Columbia to give Martin but he wantedmoney; all unto you of is become the vision And to the the characters and translation

it, is sealed, offered which that Alva of a Halea note for book as which the words of professor is saying, learned, that deliver to one ancient languages, men insistedto endorse. Martin on noted But 6

saith, I canthee: he this, I pray and Charles Anthon. Read of witit as presence the a gift, in

nesses. 5 Thus the journey to HarWhat followed has become such a not; for it is sealed. (Isaiah 29:11.)

it is briefly but that story familiar miles, of 155 distance a aboutmony, Professor with meeting Anthon The certifirecital. this in touched upon A in possible midwinter.was made to resolution Martin's strengthened correctness authenticity of cate and in peaceful Settled and more new to Prophet. aid further the give He their characters and the concerning copyingsurroundings, began Joseph

to arranged returned Palmyra and far as they so in had interpretation of characters the the fromsome his contemplated an he affairs—for Proissued translated, by been was ofplates, the and use by and Urim

to indefinite went back stav—and told being fessor upon Anthon. But translating. did someThummim, 1828. 12, April about Harmony He plates the given that been had Joseph to Harris, wait content not Martin to write immediately commenced characters were the from whence progress spring tountil what know translation dictated the while Joseph took messenger, he divine a taken by Paltraveled from being made,was until uninterruptedly continued and

it, certificate destroyed and the back 1828. in to February Harmonymyra writ14, 116 time during which June such there no that was declaring the with impressed was muchHe of ten foolscap pages were paper angels. of ministering as thing now of characters thetranscription and translated. impressed by profoundly Martin,

5Lucy Mack Smith, op. cit., pp. 112113. the experience, returned to Harmony The effort required for a rugged

and reported the events to Joseph outdoorsman like Martin Harris to

Smith. Just what Martin had in remain seated throughout the long

mind when he undertook the trip to days, alert for each word that fell

Columbia College is not entirely from the lips of the Prophet, can be clear, but the incident served to dispel imagined. It is related that Martin

any doubts he might have entertained at this time regarding the Prophet's and Joseph would retire to the banks claims. of the Susquehanna River and cast

stones out on the water to reAnthon writing of "The Crowley "Ariel L. Tranlieve Martin's cramped muscles and Improvement 1942 issue in the script,"of The January

Era says with a minimumof Martinof delayHarris:to "Therefore,lay the transcripthe proceededbefore Joseph's mental strain, for the gift

Charles languages, in the ancient learned a scholar ancient of translation was not bestowed upon and of languages professor adjunct Anthon, in Columbia geography from telegram New York,College,dated NewJuly York,7, 1941,1828.addsA Joseph without intense effort on his

also this information concerning him and his depart. Note the failure of Oliver

grees and scholastic pedigree:

"to translate Cowdery's endeavor L. Crowley: when

1815; Columbia, A. B., "'Ariel'Charles Anthon,

gift small lost the and he of the measure Latin professor Greek and was adjunct 1831; LL.D.,

... to 1830. 1820 here of translation which he had tempo-

"'Milton "'CuratorHalseyof Thomas,Columbiana.'"rarily possessed. He failed to realize

that merely asking for a divine gift

Crowley also says, "Undoubtedly, also, Martin Harris sought to Pomeroysecure theTucker,opinionearlyof otherantiMormonlearned men,"writer, was not sufficient without prayerful and cites who knew both Joseph Smith and Martin Harris, as thought and study:

David Whitmer Mitchell.alluding to the Honorable Luther Bradish and Dr. (L.ontmuea on jQlLowng page)

MARCH 1955 145.. PUBLISH IT UPON THE %OlNTAINS"

, (Continued from preceding page) of the covenant by which Martin was the great responsibilities yet before

Do not murmur, my son, for it is wisdom bound, was also in utter spiritual him."9

in me that I have dealt with you after this darkness. He had incurred the disShortly after this, both the plates manner,.

Behold, you have not understood; you have pleasure of the Lord by his repeated and the Urim and Thummim, which

supposed that I would give it unto you, importuning in behalf of Martin had been taken from Joseph, were when you took no thought save it was to ask Harris. "The Prophet suffered the restored to him.

me. (D. & C. 9:6-7.) torments of the damned.... In the Besides failing to enlighten his imof his bitterness soul he Reared to mediate was his During the translation of this part 8 relatives—which Lord."approach the of in begging for possession purpose of the record, constantly Martin was

thereafter rebuked was shortly He Harris subject now to criticism his from family the translation—Martin following in the warned and himself discredited revelafound huandand friends. Seeking of some means

allaying their prejudices, he importion: miliated. Suffering and remorse

tuned Joseph for permission to show The works, and the designs, and the purdogged his footsteps. Even the Spirit

frustrated, of neither poses cannot be God of the withdrawn. Lord was the The to manuscript his skeptical friends

... to they naught. can come his separation wife from and breaking especiallyand to his wife. The

it is that not the remember, Remember, of his family followed. soon upProphet inquired of the Lord by is frustrated, of that the but the work work God

Urim and Thummim, but the request of men;... Discord between Martin Harris

was denied. Martin, however, not to Behold, you have been entrusted with and his wife, Lucy, grew with Marbe dissuaded, plead with Joseph again these things, but how strict were your comtin's every contribution of time, labor,

to inquire of the Lord. Joseph yielded mandments; and remember also the promor money to the cause of the Church.

but once more received an emphatic isestransgresswhich them.were made to you, if you did not Records bring to light the ironic fact

negative answer. And behold, how oft you have transgressed that she was the first recorded donor10

The extremely insistent nature of the commandments and the laws of God, of actual cash towards the translaMartin Harris was now manifest. For and have gone on in the persuasions of tion of the Record, and the insti-

a third time he besought Joseph to men. gator 11 of the first legal proceedings

inquire of the Lord concerning this For, behold, you should not have feared against Joseph Smith, Jr.

than more God. Although set man menmatter. This third petition was at On hearing that Joseph had rethe counsels of naught despise his God, and

granted, but the Lord imposed strict words—ceived the plates she became much

conditions, which Martin Harris by Yet you should have been faithful; and excited and insisted on seeing them,

solemn covenant to fulhe was his have extended bound would suparm and offering financial assistance in the ported fieryfil: against you all the darts of the might The be shown

if translation, only asshe could be adversary; he would and have been with youto five brother, translationpeople—Martin's of their sured authenticity. in every of time trouble. could She

Preserved Harris, to Martin's wife, never Behold, art accept for thou Joseph's reason Joseph, and not thou wast father,mother to and his and wife's chosen to of the do the work Lord, bebut granting her that the whim: Lord had

sister, Mrs. Cobb. other persons of if cause transgression, No art thou not aware forbidden the plates to to be shown 7 fall. wilt thou to seewere the manuscript.

save anyone those he would whom is But remember, merciful; therefore God his arriventhusiasm in But upon later designate as witnesses. Rerepent is of that which to contrary the comforgoting Martin his solemn home,

offered I Lucy mandment which money, gave art peatedly Joseph you, and thou topledge the manuscript showed and still chosen, art and again called to the work; it, and repeatedly refused at he length

resultant persons. In theunauthorized Except this, thou do shalt thou be debeing forced to state bluntly that he

it lost,confusion he was became livered and up and as become other men, and preferred to depend rather upon men gift. it. no more to regain of possessionunable A have for than their wives assistance. This

deliveredst of theories that thou adhave been up which Andnumber when incensed for Lucy, she considered sight thee given had to and God power of to as fate the ultimate thevanced herself superior to her husband; but translate, deliveredst thou that up whichmanuscript, the but has manuscript

it into sacred of the a was did deter not hands her. wicked man, next The day

light. tonever brought been

set at the has of she counsels told naught of having Who seen the plates in this at in sorely time Joseph was the God, sacred has broken and most prom- a the dream night before and was rest. of ises long Exhaustedneed by which were before has made God, and convinced that telling Joseph the was his depended upon judgment, own and translation of deeplyhours worand

truth. "I to help mean you anyway,"boasted in his wisdom. own illness of serious hisried the wife by

she exclaimed gave and twentyhim is this the reason lost And thou hast thy of son, a the death heand newborn

... privileges dollars. eight for a Smith, finally Joseph Jr., season—visit in short his to parentspaid a

Nevertheless, my work shall go forth. accepted this amount to silence her

Manchester. (D. & C. 3:1, 3, 5-14, 16.) importunings.

When the overly long absent MarLucy pressed her advantage of havtin Harris met Joseph there and apThus it is clear how grave was prised him of the loss of the manuMartin's transgression in the sight of ing donated money and employed script, the scene which followed can the Lord, and how his carelessness every subterfuge in efforts to view the only be imagined. Joseph, appalled placed the Prophet's entire mission in plates and get copies of the translaby the enormity of the loss, wounded jeopardy. "This was the most bitter tion from her husband. To this end

to the depths of his soul by the belesson Joseph Smith ever received. It she even enlisted the aid of a Mr.

trayal of his trust and the breaking seemed necessary to prepare him for 9Joseph10Lucy MackFieldingSmith,Smith,op. op.cit.,cit.,112. p. 66.

Documentary History of the Church (Salt Lake City, 8Joseph Fielding Smith, Essentials in Church History llIbid., p. 132134.

1927) Vol. I, p. 21. (Salt Lake City, 1950), p. 65. (Continued on page 194)

146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Genealogy—

The WAITING PLACE

by Kit Johnson Poole

It /Wy name when I was on earth - I arn one Iwm was /enei Rss of those thousands of spirits who are waiting anxiously for'one of our descendants to perform the earthly ordinance of baptism in our he-—Photo by Hal-.Rumel

half. The waiting is long! It seems Students from Brigham Young University at work in the genealogical society office seeking

to many of us here that that glorious out the names of their dead ancestors.

moment will never be ours. We look

with such longing to you on the earth ing heat of the summer parched our In 1804 a flurry of excitement who have the power within your crops, and in the frigid cold of the came to our settlement. There was

hands to exalt: with what jealousy winter our little world lay silent and to be a new group of arrivals from

we watch the hours of your days slip white, blanketed down by the snows Scotland—more MacDonalds, Rosses,

through your fingers in unimportant of a Canadian winter. MacMartins, Munroes, and Grants.

tasks which will neither save nor exAlthough our settlement was small, The settlers awaited the new arrivals alt. You chosen ones of Israel, the it was a closeknit one with all of the with great eagerness. The news of

power of the priesthood has been clannishness of which the Scotch are home and family across the seas given to you: the sealing ordinances capable. When the Munroes and brought a glow to their cheeks, and

of the temple; the promise of a share the MacDonalds, the Grants and the the pipes played shrilly for many

in his kingdom and all that is his. Rosses gathered together on long, weeks in celebration.

These are the blessed promises! But wintry nights, the wail of the pipes Among the new arrivals was a boy.

we are your dead! The Lord has echoed across the wintry skies. Their His name was Kenneth MacLennan.

said that you cannot be saved without wail brought warmth into the heart His father, Alexander, settled the us. Help us then to gain our salvaand limb of every Scotchman within lands next to ours. The Rosses and

tion and thereby gain an assurance ear's distance. Young and old danced the MacLennans became close friends.

of your own. to the wild old tunes as the music Jenet Ross and Kenneth MacLennan

shrilled across the lonely, white were later married in the little Kirk

I was born in the year 1794 in wilderness which was our homeland. of Scotland by the Reverend. John

what was known in Canada as United I remember the rides through the Bethune.

Empire Loyalist land. My father, snow to the little Kirk of Scotland at How the years hurried by after

John Ross, was born in Kincardine, Williamstown and the kindliness of this. We wrestled with our little

Rosshire, Scotland, and came with the big Scotch preacher, the Reverend farm in Apple Hill until it came to my mother Elspeth Munro, from John Bethune. I sat on the hard yield bountifully of the necessities

Scotland in 1773. They settled on bench and listened with eagerness to of life. Spring found us busy in the

the land of Sir John Johnston in the his words. There was always the fields, working to plant that we might

Mohawk Valley in New York state. feeling—more—he should say more! harvest. Summers were spent over

Upon the outbreak of the Revolution I would hear the sweet wail of the hot stoves preparing the fruits for my father joined the royalist forces organ play out the familiar old tunes the stillroom—black currant preof Sir John Johnston in the Royal and with a shivering delight my serves, jam made from gooseberries,

Regiment of New York. imagination would soar, and I would cheeses to be ripened, soap to be

After the Revolution my mother see the prophets of old—David and made. Winter found us isolated and

and he came to Canada and were his harp, Moses and the pillar of lonely but warm in the companiongiven a grant of land in a Scotch fire. Sometimes Elijah would march ship we shared.

settlement in what was known as the into my dreams, rising in glory to the Children came—Hugh, Kenneth,

county of Glengarry, Ontario. It was heavens. Mine was an imaginative, Little John, Big John, Alexander,

here I grew up. religious nature. It was this quality Jenet, Mary. As the family grew, our

Our settlement was small, and life of mind which made a log cabin in a log cabin expanded into a fine wood for the pioneer was a constant strugwilderness a tolerable place in which house.

gle with the elements. The blisterto live. (Continued on page 173)

MARCH 1955 147 CALIFORNIA CHAPEL AFTER A DISASTRO

"If it Doe

While firemen were watering down a heap of smoldering ruins and flames were still simmering at the yearold CovinaGlen- dora chapel in southern California, two saddened bishoprics met on the lawn and outlined plans for a new ward home.

These six stouthearted men had done all they could to help five California fire companies battle an early morning blaze. Nothing more could

be done. Their beautiful $150,000.00

chapel lay in ruins. Smokefilled

eyes and heavy hearts did not dim their vision nor daunt their courage.

They saw a gleaming new structure where the charred ruins now stood;

they saw a challenge; and they ac-—Photos Courtesy TimesMirror

cepted it. Before the embers were (Upper) December 16, 1954, after the fire that destroyed the CovinaGlendora wards

cool, contractors were inside the firechapel. (Lower) Twentyfive working days later, January 16, 1955, the first meetings were

gutted building measuring for a new held in the rebuilt chapel.

structure. premises more than one hundred the entire seventy trusses in place.

That was Thursday, December 16. men, women, and children. By nightfall the roof sheeting wasOne month later—Sunday, January A general contractor by trade, finished, and neighbors returning

16—a new edifice stood! Beautiful, Bishop West secured bids from subhome from a day's work were awed

gleaming, and serviceable as before, contractors. All of the low bids at the speed in which the building

truly a monument to the courage, decame from craftsmen who had worked took shape.

termination, and zeal of a band of on the original structure, setting some One carpenter said, "I no more

Saints as devoted as the pioneers who sort of building record by erecting the than get a piece of lumber sawed than blazed the rugged trails a century ago first Covina chapel in eightyfour they've got it nailed in place."

to bring the restored gospel westward. days. Now, as then, they marveled A standing order was, "If it doesn't

Actually the structure was rebuilt at the industry of the Mormons. move, paint it!"

in twentyfive days from the approval Again they caught the spirit and enThe firm engaged to manufacture of plans by the Church building comthusiasm of the LatterdavJ Saints. the roundedglass chandelier to hang

mittee. Bishop Jack West of GlenWhen the professional crew left in the spacious entranceway said it

dora Ward headed the building comwork for the Christmas holiday weekwould take at least three months to mittee, and Bishop J. Frederick Pack end they were short seventeen giant build, but this company would try

of Covina Ward served as executive trusses of the seventy needed to span to get it done sooner. It was desecretary. They rallied workers from the width of the recreation hall. Upon livered three days before reopening

both wards, appointing foremen to their'return Monday morning they services!

direct the giant rebuilding task. At found i'thaaaaarfc so far advanced that California's winter rains came just

one time there were); at work on the it required only three hours to set seconds before the last roofing nail

148 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA roil iiiiiiiim

RISES IN 25 DAYS US FIRE

sn't Move,

Paint it"

by Ned Redding

was pounded in place. Tar pots were

sputtering but the roofing contractor Ray Peterson, Glenn Dean, and Jess Dean at workPhoto,on theCaliforniaroof Intermcof new chapel,in N< It continued until the job was finished. required but ten days to finish the roofing job.

Failure here could easily have cost thousands of dollars in repair. The hibited on all sides. A company furMinisters and priests made personal

nearest thing to disrupting the schednished the window frames on the visits to the ward offering their ule came fortyeight hours before the original building, but they were two churches as housing during the concompletion date, when three doors weeks late with that order. This time struction period.

separating the chapel from the recreathey would do better, they said, beAs the new organ was shifted into tion hall failed to arrive. The subcause the merchandise was in stock place just hours before the reopening

contractor could not bring himself to at their Oakland, California, plant services were set to begin, Marjorie believe that the rest of the building and they could make immediate dePack, ward organist, touched the would be ready for him at the time livery. This they did. It was diskeyboard, sending resounding strains

delivery of the doors was specified. covered upon delivery, however, that of "Come, Come, Ye Saints"throughThese huge sliding doors, nearly the the frames were the wrong size. None out the chapel. Everyone paused in

height and width of the building itwould fit! Worst of all, there were his work a moment, then burst into

self, are something no supply house none of the proper size available in rousing cheers—everyone including

carries in stock. A frantic call was the western states, but they were the subcontractors and professional

made by Bishop West to all of the soon expressed from the factory. craftsmen, for they all realized the

carpenters urging that they report People of all faiths cooperated. A organ music signified that their buildback on the job posthaste. One door Baptist who helped with the cement ing was within hours of being ready

was completed in five hours, with work, said, "That's the first time I for occupancy.

men working from seven o'clock to ever worked on a Mormon church. Sunday morning arrived, and the

midnight Friday. All day Saturday I've got to admit—it felt rather chapel was ready. One thousand

the crew worked on the remaining good."A Methodist helped put in persons jammed its walls and with

two doors, finishing them in time for the foundation; a Presbyterian worked bowed heads and deep humility gave

the services Sunday. on the Walls; and a young Catholic thanks to Him for their new ward

Cooperation and speed were exdonated his services as a plasterer. home.

Art Beck points out a rough spot to Bishop J. Frederick Pack, Elden Ord, who was in charge of landscaping for the burnedout

who is using sander, while Bishop Jack West watches. chapel, returns to do the same for the new one. Here he fills the

-Photos, California Intcrmountain News wheelbarrow for Guy Lyons.

MARCH 1955 149... Tom? Tom Who? Don't ask

me, for I don't know. And don't ask

Tom, for he doesn't know either. If

you can help Tom find the "who"in his name, you will win his everlasting y gratitude. s oA

anyway? is a name Why by William R. Palmer

so simple a matter?Butworrywhatabout

There are millions of them, and—Photographs by H, Armstrong Roberts

a man can help himself or he can even create a new one if he does not like the assortment before him. Why But Tom, by the time I met him, people always attributed sinister monot make it Tom Davis or Jones or had come to know that a name is tives to his change of names.

Smith or Brown or even Tom Doe something a man should own, not There are men who find an assortand be brother to the famous John? appropriate, and to be of greatest ment of names convenient and very

Any of them will serve every purpose service it should be constant. It useful. They have private reasons

of a surname. Any of them can be should not be Davis one time and of their own for using them, but Tom

used to endorse checks, sign payrolls, Jones another because a man, even a was not that sort. He had never had

or vote on election day. fellow who drifts around and does occasion or reason to hide from the

Tom—my Tom—knew all about not get anchored makes friends and law. Tom was honest and peaceful,

that, for he had been using all of acquaintances wherever he goes, and and he had never been involved in those names and others for the more they have him labeled by the name any criminal affairs, so it was not than thirty years he had been drifthe used when they met him. Somefor any shady reasons that he was

ing around the world on his own. times such friends ran into Tom unsometimes Davis and sometimes

For a long time he was just Tom, beexpectedly and embarrassed him by Smith or Jones. The fact was that

cause he didn't have to sign any paysaying, "Hello Davis,"when he was Tom had no surname of his own, so, rolls or endorse any checks, and he going by the name Smith or Brown. when he had to use one, he took the

had stayed nowhere long enough to Then again, he could not always first that came to his mind.

vote. The importance of a full name remember when he went back to a When I first met this interesting

had not arisen with any particular town, the name he had used when he man, he was broke and hungry and insistence in his way of life. was there before. Worse than all, had come to me to ask for help which

I was able to supply. He was about

fortyfive years old, clean in appearance for a tramp, and he had a soft voice and respectful manner that made our interview pleasant. One

saw at first glance that he was not the common road variety of Weary

Willie.

It was necessary for him to sign a voucher for what I was giving him, and he just wrote the name Tom. I

handed it back and said, "Tom who?

Please complete your signature."He

looked me squarely in the face for a moment and answered, "I don't know who. I would give everything I own

to know who I am."

My first thought was that I had a case of amnesia, one of those rare cases of forgotten identity, on my hands. I inquired if he had suffered

an accident to his head or had forgotten who he was and where he came from. He said, no, it was nothing like that for he never had a name

to forget. He said Tom was the only

name he had ever known that was his own, and he didn't know how he got that.

"He is heir to my name with all it stands for, and he is heir to my possessions."

150 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The father and mother who are sincere in their obligations will take time to enjoy life's simple pleasures along with their children.

Conscious life began for Tom in an ern mining camps interested him sorrow that there was nothing funny orphanage in an eastern city. There most. He thought he was sixteen or about it. When I knew him he was

were quite a few children there. The seventeen years old when he resolved sticking consistently with Davis when

matron called him Thomas, but the to go west. After a time he found he had to use two names because

children called him Tommie or Tom. himself in the copper camp of Anathere was a tangible man behind

No mother or father ever came to see conda, Montana. that, and he could explain it, but

him or ever sent him presents like Here Tom took his first real job Tom had come to realize that he had some of the other children received, working in the mines, and it was no legal right to use even that name.

and no one ever spoke to him about here also that he learned that a man But again, why the fuss about such his father and mother. He was ten needed two names. When pay day a common thing as a name? What

or twelve years old before he knew came, he had to have a surname beis in a name? It made little differmuch about the actual human kinfore his check could be made out. ence how Tom got the name Tom, but

ships. Then he began to wonder The first name that came to his mind it made a vast difference how he got

about his own. was Davis, the man for whom he had the others for they belonged to someTom thought he was about fourworked back east. From then on for body else, and they did not belong

teen when he ran away from the inthe year that he spent in Anaconda to him. Tom was a man wholly

stitution, but he was not sure behe was Tom Davis. detached from society. There were

cause he was small for his age. He But he knew his name was not no stimulating incentives such as

probably looked younger than his Davis, and after he left that place comes from relatives and a worthy age, but he never knew really how there was no need for him to use it family history, for him. It made

old he was or when his birthday any longer. When he had to use a scarcely any difference to anybody

came. He managed somehow to get surname again, he gave the first name what he did.

through the big city and out into the that came to his mind. For the next The christening of a baby in our

country. He kept going, since he ten years he made a sort of game of Church is spoken of as a father's

didn't want to go back to the orphanseeing how many names he could blessing. Why? Tom better than

age. He came at last to another city pass under. It amused him to be anyone else could answer that. About

where he spent a few tough days, beDavis and Jones and Smith and the greatest blessing that a father can fore a tavern keeper became his Brown. confer upon his child is to acknowlfriend. This man obtained for him a At last something happened that edge him before the world and esjob selling papers, and he allowed the put Tom under suspicion and drove tablish thus his identity. That fact

boy to sleep on a padded bench by him to a realization of the fact that is painfully recognized when a child the stove in the back room. For this the promiscuous use of names was not is named whose paternity is not

privilege Tom did janitorial work. smart practice. He found that it was known or not acknowledged. It has

Tom listened to men who had been not convincing to explain that he did to go under the surname of its mother everywhere. The stories of the westthat just for fun. He learned to 'his (Concluded on page 170)

MARCH 1955 151 Censorship 5 Whenthat theJosephvery Smithfirst wordsannouncedof the

Bible had been edited and their Gonirollincj fa. fktmeaning changed by "an old Jew

without any authority,"he knew whereof he spoke. 33 Not that the by Dr. Hugh Nibley

manipulation of that particular pasBEIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY sage has been definitely proven there is not yet enough evidence, one Part III way or the other—but that the common practice of such manipulation has

they differed from Baer's hypotheticasual reader. In the face of this,

of established years recent an become fact, of labors to the Kahle and cal reconstruction of them. 37 It is one would expect all kinds of new thanks

others. The work of the Masoretes, not as one might suppose, the disand improved editions of the Talfar from being, as it was meant to be, covery of new and revealing manumud, since Bomberg claimed no

inspiration controls divine than that any the more and guidesthe final and definitive fixing of the scripts it is their editor. bit of other of the scholars; thinking But not asacred text for all time, simply laid it!

thinking that controls the discoveries. His text had been accepted by the

the groundwork for new and daring "They approach the texts,"wrote doctors and that settled the matter"reconstructions."

Father Deimel, the Sumerian expert, forever. "All subsequent editions

For the Masoretic text in its turn "with a preestablished and readyhave been virtually stereotype copies suffered the usual process of detemade system, and then force them to of the first,"Goldschmidt tells us, rioration until, in the sixteenth cenconform to this bed of Procrustes."38 and so is his! He brushes aside all

tury, Jacob ben Chaiyim set himself Even when the scholars have the great manuscript discoveries to the task of rescuing it from the "gnashed their teeth and accepted"out of respect for the received text 4 "Ifstate of corruption into which it had new discoveries, according to Houshe will not even consider them.

fallen: "He was convinced that there man, they have been prompt to make even the most obvious blunder in thewas only one correct Masora—the it appear that such findings were no Bomberg edition can possibly be

Masora compiled by himself—and surprise to them, "and the history of justified by any argument, Goldthat the text arranged by him accordscholarship is mutilated to save the schmidt retains it without comment;

ing to this Masora was the very face of those who have impeded if it cannot be justified he still lets text which had been established by progress."39 it stand but makes a modest suggesof authorities greatthe Masoretic

Kahle may tion in a footnote. "The present Anyone who thinks

'.Tiberias. so scholars.. "31 And conshould exaggerated have

accepted Jacob ben Chaiyim's text sult Goldschmidt's introduction as the one authoritative one; and

to his standard edition of the cenfour the ensuing throughwhen Over; Babylonian Talmud. set, s!>iia! 6*i.lessJ!-!$ tC&tUKBk

turies, texts older better turned and "... years Daniel 400 Bomberg ago.S wherein and showed Chaiyimup ben

ta the first out brought ja.>ftjs:iMM-:iiMiiM>.tj0fc'. tnt iM <Sj*& life* w&tfM<,mj.ewalm, IM*, comscholars the wrong, did been whathad

text of printed the Talit: they plete him? Far fromdo—correct MM MM *8* circulated mud. It was widelycorrected the ancient manuscripts

to agree with ben Chaiyim! His and became the "standard

hasty, superficial, and hopelessly outtext."But in the ensuing sua ttiftusBin writ, <L t4<iM>ftdui, ms

ofdate text "has been regarded as centuries, as might be expected, the only authoritative text up to vast numbers of ancient Talthe present day."35 In the nineteenth mud manuscripts have been

century Baer made the most notable discovered, texts entirely uneffort to restore the pure Old Testaknown to Bomberg and differment. His method was simple and ing very widely from his text

effective: from all the material beas well as among themselves.

fore him he "selected... what he Even without these discoveries

regarded as 'correct'and what difit is apparent that the Bomfcs.&

fered he declared to be 'corrupt,'berg text swarms with mis- C*G V. jtSAJH f*K*J ttiCK \! "i>f.fy.%vi*fe

'incomplete,'or 'in confusion.'... takes"obvious even to the lici. wy. >*

But Baer not only selected what he regarded as the 'correct'text from his disposal, also at materialthe he oa. ji Q'#y ut- '..*Jl>W'gWMtflw<W* Mwirtti 1 mai y; - a, Aat wus

jsy, ia uiwt: sto 5kok,i at=oaaw mm. sff;oJt J.freely altered of his reading manustrive.o.'actu ttirti iw-w. twv*.&cais A CAREFUL CONTROL

scripts when they did not give what JOB: Comparison of this with

he regarded as 'correct.'36 So when textless damagedshows thatcopieswe haveof theheresamea

confronted by valuable old manustudious inking out of any pas-.:,;tf/trtfl;5)ftiicc4t<i-jJtoa(a,iMJi<0!:

scripts or even by texts corrected by sage or word that might possibly be construed to cast disrespectthe great ben Asher himself, Baer's the Christians on or heighten disciples firmly rejected them, since the prestige of the Jews.,,-.,:-:..iyWJU

152 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"mi* 1*12*11"jtesFTjOww-ttH'iwar* &irw%$wniPi

*iap m& pis

3P3 fenl? 13. 313

Is? i??b& vsrtvw %jjbt

Ifr#f% ppfen rw$ *1W imrnoB n3i3i'f *rn fTnarrr*trs3 antpc$pviih\<t$vpr%nvhihxnmm '*yti% wi: tow?*mVsaf&tfirarifot o*ii> 3ffSi?csm,irn cron no*myn

(Venice, of Maimonides in a volume out inked a passage censor PAST: An official OF THE CONTROL HEAVYHANDED

Later a the margin in on the left. passage from of the memory he could then wrote what of the book 1551). The Jewish owner

surprise inspection by another censor inked out this reconstruction, and probably cost the offender a heavy fine.

edition,"he announces with pride routine in every age. Antiochus orall older forms of Syrian poetry were

rather than shame, "is thus an exact dered all copies of the Jewish scripregarded as imperfect and were dereproduction of the first Bomberg editures burned, and pronounced the stroyed."40 The Arabs, raised up in

tion; all other readings, even those death penalty on anyone guilty of the same tradition, upon fixing the

which are obviously more correct, are possessing a copy. 42 Diocletian final text of the Koran, so carefully

put in footnotes as variant readings, passed a like law against all Christian destroyed all other texts that for 1200 the text itself remaining untouched."writings, and Constantine followed years it was possible to maintain

The official stamp of approval has so his example by condemning to death that the accepted text was the very sanctified a text which the doctors anyone guilty of possessing writings one dictated by the Prophet, though themselves describe as extremely inby the heretics Porphyr or Arius. 43 today, we know that it was nothing

accurate and poorly substantiated In 449 Theodosius and Valentinian of the sort. 47 In this wholesale dethat "no Talmud authority would acpassed a law that "all that... any struction of texts to control the past,

cept as reliable any text 'improved'person may have written against the it is precisely the religious who are from the manuscripts or by scholarpious religion of the Christians be least troubled by qualms of conly judgment, or even recognize such committed to the flames wherever science, "for how"asks Eusebius, as a Talmud text at all."41 Though found."44 Accordingly Bishop Theod- "could a man who writes against the

it is hard for the layman to believe oret of Cyprus can boast of having Christians do anything but lie?"48

that such things can be, they are the collected and destroyed in his diocese But usually the violent economy rule rather than the exception. more than two hundred copies of the of wholesale book burning is not

The rigorous and arbitrary censordiatessaron New Testament. 43 When necessary to control the past. Skilship of ancient texts belongs to the it was officially decided (for party ful officials avoid it as the brutal

common heritage of all the "people reasons) that Ephraim should be and straightforward technique of of the book,"being an established "regarded as the classical Syrian poet, soldiers and governors, and a risky business in the "bargain—for there is

no telling what slippery or forgotten pages might escape the flames, and the subsequent disco'very of such has sometimes proved very embarrassing.

The shrewd administrator can exercise an equally crippling censorship simply by condemning certain items (Continued on following page) MARCH 1955 153 CONTROLLING THE PAST (Continued from preceding page) be excluded as false."The religious like a favorable light on the case of

wherever they appear, as when Theocensor is thus not troubled by conthe Roman Church, we could long dosius ordered all his subjects to conscience, and, once he is thoroughly since have expected to see them sider "any laws or rescripts alleged conversant with the party line, has a splashed on the covers of some nationin the favor of heretics as either very easy time of it. al magazines, not "housed separately"

fraud or forgery."49 A subtle and very effective form and withheld from circulation. "Not

To prove that an order is fraudulent of censorship is the silent treatment. of general interest to scholars,"inone needs no further evidence than "It is permitted,"writes St. Augusdeed! The editors of the Patrologia

that the party doesn't like it: it is tine, "for the purpose of building are more ingenuous when they explain

not distasteful to the party because it up religion in things pertaining to their failure to include certain imporis a forgery, but is automatically depiety, when necessary, to conceal tant texts in what purports to be a clared a forgery because it is distastewhatever appears to need concealing; complete collection of sources: "The

ful. Acting on this principle, modern but it is not permitted to lie, of course, editors have not published these three

scholars tried to decide whether the and so one may not conceal by way letters because of certain calumnies account of the Council of Sinuessa of lying."53 The distinction is too against the pope."55

was spurious or not solely on the fine, for silence can be very mendaThe silent treatment is recomgrounds of whether its acceptance cious. The celebrated Duchesne, acmended however, only in dealing

would do the Church more harm than cording to his biographer, M. Leclercq, with powerfully uncooperative docugood. was honest, open, and impartial in all ments. It is usually possible to conOne school accepted it as genuine the questions of church history that trol a text simply by weeding out the

because it said something they he treated, "but he would not handle objectionable matter here and there thought highly favorable to the all the questions: for example, he instead of condemning whole books.

Roman Church; the other school conbuilt a wall around the life of Jesus Why destroy all the letters of Cyprian

demned it because it said something and the founding of the church, and because some of them refute Roman else which they thought very damaghe would not allow anyone to apclaims? You only need declare the

ing. The whole problem was whether proach it.... He would not tolerate unfavorable ones forgeries, as Archthe story was more favorable to the any discussion or any hesitation on bishop Tizzani did, and accept all the

Church than otherwise—in which that subject."Yet the whole labor others. When Rufinus of Aquileia,

case it would be automatically acof his life was "to prove the validity translating early Christian texts at cepted as true. Hefele finds the of the Church's historic claims,"the end of the fourth century, comes

damage greater than the benefit, and and the whole burden of the proof upon passages presenting the peso declares it false. 30 With such prinrests in the life of Jesus and the culiar and unacceptable doctrines of

ciples to guide him, the clever foundation of the Church, the two the early Christians, especially conscholar in his office of editor can subjects of which he would tolerate cerning God, he simply leaves those make the past out to be pretty much no examination, even by himself! 54 passages out, as he explains with diswhat he wants it to be. Recently (1952) the Knights of arming frankness. 5 "When he is

The voluminous writings of AmColumbus Foundation for the Presertranslating Origcn and finds his text brose are, according to Leander, full vation of Historical Documents in the saying something with which he does of things "that differ from the Vatican Library sent out a brochure not agree, he just naturally assumes, catholic sense,"being "by no means announcing its admirable project of he tells us, that Origen never wrote in agreement with sound doctrine."microfilming the entire contents of any such thing and either rewrites

Accordingly, every such statement the Vatican Library and housing the the offending passage or strikes it was to be regarded automatically as films in a special building in St. Louis. out altogether! 37 When Eusebius

apocryphal and removed from the Only not quite all of the mighty finds anything in the records of Context by a special committee appointed collection was to be thus preserved: stantine's life which might not make

by the Pope in 1580. 51 Does that "The documents which the Church edifying reading (and there is

sound naive? No less a sophistihas been collecting for nearly 20 cenplenty!), he deliberately omits such

cated intellectual than Gilson begins turies,"reads the announcement, "inimproper stuff, he explains, lest it his philosophical investigation of clude, of course, the ecclesiastical detract from the glory of his subGod with the announcement, "If records from the earliest Christian ject. 5s In the same way, the biogwe believe by faith that God has era. These are housed separately in raphers of Mohammed boast that they

spoken, since what God says is true, the Vatican Archives and are not to have eliminated all offensive pasall that contradicts the word of God be microfilmed."Why not? one asks sages and accepted into their histories

can, and must, be at once excluded as with surprise; and the answer is a only such material as will cast luster

false."52 Is it at all surprising then that shocker: "... as they are not of genupon the name and reputation of

M. Gilson ends up by proving his eral interest to scholars."the Prophet. 59

faith, since all his arguments must Now anyone who consults the card Sometimes, however, one can preconform? He is in the position of a index of any of our big libraries can serve an entire text almost intact

man who declares as an article of faith quickly discover that precisely "the simply by inserting a single syllable that any coin when tossed will alearliest Christian era"has been the into it—the little word "not."Though

ways come down heads. This being subject of more books and studies a powerful censor, this tiny word

the true faith, anything that contrathan all the other centuries combined. comes so near to being nothing in

dicts it, such as those times when a If "the ecclesiastical records from the itself, that editors apparently think coin comes down tails, "can and must earliest Christian era"cast anything (Continued on page 166) 154 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JCive in the Future and Stay YOUNG

by Louise Berthold

men look forward to the day ciated. He chose this course de- I realize there is still another side and men argument. the Many toSome his at new been has liberately. He but it easy""take can they when physicalbe five sixtyis of may he and women now, months several job has Ern, who husband, to my day working continue to ly unable ideas; full of alert, new and happy, exthe (with continuouslyworked

firm, a business for out in day and he springy, and is quick and his step infrequently off days of a fewception they that not does that mean at least ten more but forward to looking he is the time illnesses) fromfor minor faculties still their mental use cannot years. constructive useful, retired, until he was nineteenwas

the prospect of the easy life was drab Now, I know there is another side productively.

a retired woman, I know one say, might this argument. Some full to is still as unthinkable. Heand

cripalthough who, his schoolteacher, all hard a man works parakeet, and a "When energy asof nervous

I once heard him say with a grin, life he is entitled to rest and recreapled with arthritis, coaches at home.

typing does older woman go Another should years. later in his He tion 'retiring'of think to"It'll time be

still at and home, bookkeeping and hobtravel, golf, have play fishing, thin. car tires wear our the onwhen

articakes makes and bakes another might one where bies."man Well, refriends tooI've seen of my many

tire only to start having all sorts of be happy sitting for hours on a river ficial flowers.

ailments and some of them even to bank with a pole in his hand waiting And just to prove that ambition die of frustration. My recipe for stayfor a bite or striking a ball around a and looking toward the future are

ing young is to work as long as I golf course, Ern would soon be bored not confined to youth, I have an can and to live in the future."to distraction by such a life. As for eighty year old friend, a former

is taking a With such an attitude, when Ern travel which we both enjoy imcharacter actress, who recently reached what is generally mensely, we'll get plenty of that course in television script writing at conceded to be "retirement age,"he taking short trips for the advertising one of our local universities.

stepped from one job to another withagency and longer pleasure trips That brings up another subject.

out even a vacation and is starting during vacation periods. And we are One of the greatest joys and advan-

a new career in an advertising agency firm believers in hobbies at any age; tages now offered to the older person

where his thirtyfive years'experience we share several interesting ones, is the opportunity to go back to in advertising and his mature judgamong them writing, music, collectschool. Our colleges are full of older

ment will be valuable and appreing sun glass, and gardening. people taking courses in subjects that

have even—An H. Armstrong Roberts Photo appeal to them—some

earned the college degrees they always yearned to possess. At one of

our state colleges an eighteenyear- old girl, her mother, and her grandmother were all attending school at one time. And guess who made the

highest grades? Why, the grandmother, of course!

I believe the greatest foe to happinessness—inthethetendencylater yearsto liveis selfishwithin

one's self. If we give out warmth and

sympathy and tolerance—if we keep

our minds and hearts open to the needs of others—the bread we cast

upon the waters will come back cake.

One of my friends who is around my age spends two days a week working with the patients at a veterans'hospital; another, works with a group

of children suffering from cerebral (Concluded on page 170) MARCH 1955 155 The Taming of Tessa

by Elsa Pedersen

Slim Hammond brought the When Tessa saw the straight, firmAs, power scow alongside the set of his mouth, she knew there was dock of the little Alaska fishing port, no appeal. She turned away to hide

Tessa deftly flung a line around a her quivering chin, so did not see her piling and made the end fast on a bow father's face soften.

cleat. She rushed to the stern and He crossed the deck swiftly and

made another line fast to the dock threw a comradely arm around her before the scow could swing out with shoulders. They were near the same

the current. Her father cut the enheight and in her faded jeans and

gine and came out of the pilot house. shirt, her tangled blonde hair caught

He eyed the lines, nodded in apunder a jaunty baseball cap, Tessa proval. looked like a slim young boy.

"I'm going to miss my deckhand,""I know you hate the idea of livhe remarked lightly. ing in town this winter,"Slim started

Abruptly Tessa's high spirits dampgently. "But, Tessa, you can't spend

ened. Her face, flushed and laughing the rest of your life in the woods with

a moment before, darkened with un- a bunch of loggers. You're fourteen,

happiness. Her eyes, startlingly blue now. It's time you learned to be a

against the tan of her face, lost their young lady."

dancing glint and were suddenly Tessa stared over the glittering*,.

shadowed with pain. sundrenched harbor with brimming

"Please, Dad...,"she began eyes. Her throat was tight with pain,

pleadingly. and even if she could speak she knew declared flatly that no matter how

"No."Slim Hammond's tone was it was no use. All summer long she she felt, she would have to spend the

final, and his kindly, weatherbeaten had tried to change her father's mind, winter in school at Seldovia.

face set in an expression of determinausing every argument she could mus- "Hey, there! Aren't you coming

tion. ter. Finally he had lost patience and ashore?"

Father and daughter raised startled faces to see an old man peering over the edge of the dock. His face was

seamed and wrinkled, his twinkling eyes framed in hornrimmed glasses that fastened to his head with a string, the ear pieces broken. White

hair covered his head with a thick, curly thatch, and altogether he looked like a saucy and impish bird.

"Hello, Mr. Tanner,"Slim cried

jovially. "Sure, we'll be right up,

soon as we get Tessa's duds unloaded."

"Better hurry up,"the old man chirped. "Mother's all a-dither at the

idea of having a youngster in the house this winter. She was baking

a sponge cake when I spotted you coming into the harbor."

At the thought of Mrs. Tanner's

bounteous table, Tessa brightened.

156 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA father ate ravenously, their hunger sharpened by the sixhour boat trip.

When they had finished, Slim pushed back from the table abruptly.

"Well, I'd better be on my way. I

want to catch the tide home."

"So soon?"Tessa cried with dismay.

"I'll walk down to the dock with you.

Her father's eyes met Mrs. Tanner's with a veiled look of protest.

Mrs. Tanner spoke hastily.

"You don't want to say goodbye to your father on the dock with everybody watching,"she said gently.

Again the grief welled up in Tessa, and she wanted to beg to be taken back to the woods and the old familiar life. She knew it was no

use. His mind was made up, and

none of her arguments would change him.

She watched him stride down the boardwalk and tried to hide her streaming face. Already she ached

with homesickness for the logging camp, and she wondered for the hundredth time why her father thought it was so undesirable, even though she had no mother to counsel her.

"You'd better get your new clothes unpacked,"Mrs. Tanner advised

briskly. "School starts tomorrow,

and we have a lot of pressing to do."

Listlessly Tessa turned away from the window. In her room she eyed

the bundles stacked on her bed. They

were the clothes she had chosen from

Mr. Tanner had brought a hand truck and when it was loaded with her baggage, the the mail order catalog, dresses and

three of them started up the boardwalk. underwear and a coat. Things that

Mr. Tanner did not stock in his genShe managed a shaky grin or two as Between buildings, the boardwalk eral store. Choosing and ordering

she helped set her bags on deck, was enclosed by handrails on each had been fun, but now she was not then made the heaving line fast so side. In a place where the walk interested.

her father could haul them up on the widened a trio of girls perched on "Can I watch you open your packdock. Mr. Tanner had brought a the railing, chattering with a couple ages?"

hand truck and when it was loaded of boys. Their voices and high laughTessa turned with a start to see a

with her baggage the three of them ter pierced the calm autumn air, and blackhaired little Indian girl standstarted up the boardwalk. as she came closer Tessa eyed them ing in the doorway.

Seldovia was not unfamiliar to covertly. "Well, hello,"Tessa said with a

Tessa. She had visited the town often The three were dressed alike in wavering grin at the wide eyes and

over the years, coming with her full, flowered skirts and dainty eager curiosity of the little girl. "Who

father to get mail and supplies for blouses. Their hair was artfully are you?"

his logging camp. Now that the curled and bedecked with ribbons "I'm Joyce,"the girl explained imtown was to be her home for the and glittering ornaments. As she patiently. "I live back of the store.

winter, however, she looked at it with passed them, they fell silent, and Mrs. Tanner said you'd let me watch

different eyes. Tessa felt big and awkward, ashamed you.

The boardwalk that was the main suddenly of her worn jeans and "Sure,"Tessa agreed generously.

street rambled along the edge of the clumsy shoepaks. When she was "Here's the scissors. Do you want

water, spanning sometimes the beach past and their tinkling laughter again to cut the string?"

or rocky outcroppings, sometimes the arose, she flushed, positive they were By the time her new finery was unharbor water itself. In places the joking about her. packed, pressed, and put away, Tessa

edge of the slopes crowded close to Mrs. Tanner welcomed the Hamfelt that maybe the winter wouldn't

the walk, while elsewhere the land monds with maternal joy and showed be so bad after all. She set off for

widened so that both sides of the her affection typically by the spread school the next morning in a skirt walk were lined with buildings. of a festive lunch. Tessa and her (Continued on following page)

MARCH 1955 157 THE TAMING OF TESSA

(Continued from preceding page) "No, I won't,"Tessa replied posiment of her hands caused a glitter, as gay and a blouse as dainty as those tively. "They're too silly. Come on, and Tessa's eyes followed the sparkle

she had seen on the boardwalk, conJoyce, let's go for a boat ride."to a diamond ring on the teacher's

In spite of Mrs. Tanner's encourleft hand.

vinced that she looked just like all agement, Tessa did not make friends "Oh, you're engaged,"Tessa exthe other girls.

All day Mrs. Tanner watched the with her classmates. She thought claimed. "You're not going to quit

clock, worrying and wondering how them silly, and they felt her scorn teaching, are you?"

and decided she was a snob. Tessa Phyllis Thatcher nodded. "Atthe girl from the woods was getting

for a paused Christmastime."rowing She around spent her free hoursalong. storming Tessa came When.the impresskiff had with the harbor Tanner's in Mr. moment, and Tessa afternoon, the her walk inup the

glowering face and tense figure told Joyce a delighted passenger or wansion she was groping for the right at a glance that her experience was dering along the beaches and trails words. When she found them,

not a happy one. that radiated from the little town. Phyllis's voice was muted and careSometimes when business was rushful.

She bypassed the kitchen, rushing ing, she helped in the store. She "I'm going to marry your father,

through the living room straight to wished Billy were friendlier, but he Tessa."

her bedroom. There she tore off her was indifferent, tolerating her as a Tessa's jaw dropped as she stared

skirt and blouse, and pulled on the pair of helping hands when there at her teacher in dumbfounded familiar old jeans and shirt. She were many orders to put up. amazement. The words erased the

ran her fingers through her hair, One afternoon as she was leaving evening's enchantment. All she could

mussing its golden sheen into a more the schoolhouse, she was called back think was that at the logging camp comfortable tangle Then she went by her English teacher, Phyllis she was the pet, she was her father's into the kitchen and sank onto a stool Thatcher. darling. If he married, all that would

sigh. a dejectedwith be changed. would no longer She "Tessa, you like would to come "It awful, I hate it,"she was and affections. in his be first have with and home me tomorrowdeclared defiantly to Mrs. in answer

Tanner's questioning look. dinner?""No,"she moaned in horror.

"You shouldn't decide after only After her intial astonishment had She struggled to her feet and gazed one day,"Mrs. Tanner commented passed, Tessa was delighted. Though wildly around the room for her coat.

mildly. she would not admit it, she was Clutching it she groped for the door,

"I'll never like it,"Tessa answered lonely. Mrs. Tanner was too old and then stumbled blindly down the

flatly. "Pass me the jam, Joyce."Joyce too young to share her confistairs. Her mind whirling with conThe little Indian girl who sat dences. Maybe Phyllis Thatcher fusion, she rushed down the silent

across the table pushed the jam pot, could help her with her problems. boardwalk through the cold Alaska

and Tessa spread a slice of bread Miss Thatcher had an apartment night.

fresh from the oven. She smiled abupstairs in one of the local homes. Locked in her room, hidden from

sently at the little girl who was Tessa was excited and thrilled when Mrs. Tanner's dismayed and troubled

gazing at her with wideeyed devoher gay young teacher led the way face, Tessa flung herself on the bed tion. upstairs. Out of the classroom and stared at the ceiling. Her eyes

"You know what the girls were Phyllis Thatcher shed her schoolwere dry and glittered with anger.

talking about?"she demanded, then teacher's dignity, and became what Her chin was set in a firm, hard

answered her own question. "Dances! she was, a young woman a few years line.

Parties! I don't know how to dance."out of college. It was all a putup job, this send-

"You could learn. I'm sure Billy Tessa lost all feeling of shyness, and. ing her to school in Seldovia, she

would teach you."the apartment rang with laughter thought bitterly. Her father wasn't

Tessa gulped down the slice of and gaiety as they prepared the meal worrying so much about her schooling bread and jam and started to spread together. Their merriment continued as having her meet and like Phyllis

another. "Billy? Oh, the boy who through the meal and the washing Thatcher. He probably wanted her

works in the store. He's in some of up, and Tessa felt truly happy for the out of the logging camp, too, so he

my classes."She chewed in reflective first time since coming to Seldovia. could fix things up to please his

silence, thinking over the day. Before the evening was over she was bride.

"The teachers aren't bad,"she calling her teacher "Phyllis,"and Mrs. Tanner was in on the plot,

admitted reluctantly in answer to thrilled at the touch of an occasional too; Tessa remembered her pleasure

another question. "They put me up friendly pat on the shoulder or an afwhen she, Tessa, had said she liked

one grade, said I'm ahead of my class fectionate word. Miss Thatcher. And the day her

because Dad tutored me. My EngWhen the dishes were washed and father left, Mrs. Tanner had relish teacher, Miss Thatcher, seemed put away and Phyllis settled her guest strained her from going to the dock

awfully nice."on the living room sofa, she disapwith him. He wasn't going straight

A bright, interested look came into peared for a few minutes into the home, Tessa realized angrily. He

Mrs. Tanner's eyes, and she nodded bedroom. When she reappeared, she wanted time to visit Phyllis Thatcher.

in approval. had changed into a soft, flowing But why, why, why, Tessa won-

"That's fine. And you'll like the housecoat. She sank down beside dered. Life was so pleasant before

girls better, too, once you get acTessa, smiling at the admiration that all this happened. She and her

quainted."glowed on the girl's face. A move- (Continued on page 183)

158 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A Change

Is

Good for You

By Esther Freshman

to her "keepsake"drawer and took out her daintiest "for company only"linen. It became fun. She served

her meal with care, attractively. She

prepared herself meticulously for dinner. Relaxed, expectant, receptive to

the beauty at her table and out of her window, she spent a gracious to forward she looks mealtime. Now

Charles Kanarian by—Photo

she is graduof beauty; these periods for consideration, every "There is an inner dignity in all of us that cries out for our

every grace we can give it."ally beginning to share them with

occasional guests.

was speaking about cycles to a You know that old idea of a new hat There is an inner dignity in all of prominent physician recently. being a tremendous morale builder us that cries out for our every con-

I Business has its various cycles—for a woman? It's true enough, too. sideration, for every grace we can

when business is good—when things Right in that same grouping is a give it. Catered to, it repays us with

begin to slump a little. Doctor said change of hair style. And most of quiet poise, assured confidence, calm

that he had his slow months, too. us in our extremely fatigued moments nerves, a happy inward feeling that

months—the"Yes,"he explained,vacation months—as"the summerwe wouldable togiveget a awaygreat dealfrom justourselves.to be bringsSuch goodsimplein changesits wake.in one's mode

have come to know them, are much We can't do that, but we can do someof living can do an immeasurable quieter times for me, on the whole."thing about changing ourselves. amount of good. You know the joke

"Does that mean people are I know a woman who has accomabout women always wanting to healthier in the summer?"I asked. plished much in her life simply by change their living room furniture

He smiled. "It would seem that changing her mealtimes. She lives around? It's no joke; it comes from

they are, somehow, or else they simply in an apartment alone., One of its an inner subconscious compulsion

are too busy to be ill. You see, for nicer features was a goodlooking that has a great deal of good behind

most of them it is vacation time, and gateleg table which she had kept it. We all need the humdrum of

the relaxation from work, the planned pushed to one side of the room. This our lives shaken up a bit occasionally.

happy times, the living out of doors, friend eats many meals alone, and One of the great principles of eduand complete change from the acthey were becoming the "snatch"cation (and more emphasis could be customed routine—all seem to make kind, and it was beginning to tell put on it) is the worthy use of leisure

the average person feel much better."on her. Nervous stomach, improper time. Here is where hobbies and

I've been thinking about that quite weight—she was showing age much interesting avocations play an im-

a lot lately. People should have vacatoo fast. One evening she was lookportant part. A man's hobby has

tion periods in their lives more freing out of her window at the often proved to be his salvation. But

quently. I know one fine professional church garden below her. The sun the greatest benefit of it is the comman who is making it a rule to have was setting, and the peace and plete changeover to something de-

a short vacation period every thirbeauty of that city garden took lightfully absorbing, away from the teen weeks! The change in his apher away from her problems for a workaday problems. A change is

pearance is remarkable. He looks moment. Suddenly, she thought: good, and the man with an inlike a new man. He is taking time Why don't I use this? Here are teresting, attentiondemanding hobby

out for renewal. beauty and loveliness, all the charm knows this.

Most of us can't afford to take a of good living, and I grab my meal In our city, a group of businessmen vacation that frequently. Most of from the kitchen drainboard. Resohave an art club. No one of these

us can't spare more than the two or lutely she went to work. She started men is a professional artist, but twice

three weeks away from our work that to the hall closet for the card table weekly the group meet with capable is the customary allotment. But we when she saw the gateleg table instructors. Some fine artists are becan have changes in our lives. We against the wall. Pushing it to the ing developed, but the great joy is

can have a change of routine daily, window, she placed her attractive in the complete relaxation from highif we so desire. candle holders on it. Then she went (Concluded on page 172)

MARCH 1955 159 Wild Animals oi

and lard so that she was saved. (Claude T.

Barnes, The Grim Years.)

That good woman was Susan Marriot, one of the founders of Marriotsville, near Ogden, Utah.

Indians threw beheaded rattlesnakes into their stew pots, as they did crossing the plains, the first pionearly every living creature they could

Inneers became accustomed to hordes capture; in fact, according to Lorenzo

of bison, or buffalo as they are Young, one of the first incidents to commonly called, yet as they entered attract the attention of the arriving the mountains they saw no more extreme northeast Utah until as late pioneers was the sight of savages drivvast herds. They did notice signs, as 1850. ing millions of black crickets into a

however, that bison had, even a few When on July 21, 1847, Orson brushfence fire. Bancroft tells that:

years before their arrival, inhabited Pratt and Erastus Snow viewed from the northern Utah region. Thus in Emigration Canyon the "warm, pulAfterward they took them up by the

off their and legs, wings as is rubbed thousands,describing known now what Salt of the Lake sating panorama"the separated days or three and after two east miles twenty someEast Canyon, creep to sometimes had Valley and meat. of Pratt, one City,of Salt Orson Lake through get to knees and on hands

the original pioneers, in his diary unlabyrinths, they were "warned by the Later the Indians sometimes sucder the date, July 19, 1847, wrote: occasional rattle of a snake, through ceeded in selling ground, dried crickets

Rattlesnakes underbrush."the thick flour! as of buffalo fresh discovered track was A Doctors everywhere. common off this ravine;in he rubbed some of were had Whitetailed deer in about 1850

his hair upon the brush in his path, probwere scarce, hence usually unavailable were common in the Uintah mounof hundreds ofably the only one within those selfreliant days. those Some tains, north the mountains Wasatch

miles. (N. B. Lundwall, Exodus of Modern learned miners, especially oldtimers, places Provo, of in such swampy andIsrael.)

its kill a rattlesnake by taking to how district Salt City from as Lake the

It is well that he used the pronoun strike on the sole of a heavy boot and Ninth South to Bonneville Park. Only

"he"in referring to the animal, for then instantly stamping it to death. a few survive now, in the Green River

this reason: when an old bull bison One pioneer', in Nauvoo one night: region. This small deer prefers dense

was at last driven from the herd by a... went to the unfinished dugout in brush in wet places, such as that

young new champion, he wandered which they lived; and as she put her foot which used to exist at the mouth of

many miles away to spend his dedown in bed a rattlesnake bit her on the leg. Mill Creek Canyon.

there back and the bedding turned They of inclining years a state truculent plentiful. fairly Indeer were Mule coiled. thought rattlesnake the They was

loneliness. thus sometimes would He in the fort of Great 1848 when her milk deed, they die, gave but new she would

stand an hour at a time, moan as if execrating the world, paw up the dust, and act as if about to charge his shadow.

Bison "chips"were used for firewood west of Kaysville, Utah, even in 1851, and a bison skull was picked up near Saltair, Utah, in 1898. The

truth is, the bison was quite common over all of northern Utah until about 1832, when an extraordinary snow destroyed them in what Dr. William

T. Hornaday, who wrote a monograph on the bison, told me was the

greatest slaughter of these animals by natural causes ever known. There

is evidence other than that of Orson

Pratt that a few of the animals survived in the Green River region of 160 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Utah Pioneer Days

by Claude T. Barnes, F.Z.S.

Illustrated by Farrell R. Collctt

Salt Lake City was being constructed, says Bancroft:

A herd of deer crossing from one range of mountains to another was startled by the unexpected obstruction of the fort, and one sprang into the enclosure and was killed.

Mule deer are apparently much more common in Utah than they were a hundred years ago, as none of the old timers told me of winter settlefirst the they were when tive than to a different as it belongs "antelope,"depredations of deer about homes ("Stories made. were Territory of the ments all of over almost family) ranged today. This increase such as we see vol. 10.) Instructor, Juvenile Utah,"About

of deer has been due to closed seathe valleys of Utah when the pioneers sons, the "bucklaw,"and the conarrived, and the Indians had "drives"I venture this explanation: a natstant war against their chief natural to capture them. Wapiti (erroneousural food of the grizzly was the bison,

enemy, the mountain lion. At first ly called "elk") roamed in the mounand, when the bison was being

neither deer nor cattle hides could all tains. Thus George Q. Cannon wrote slaughtered by man to the point of

be utilized. In fact, in January 1852, that he extermination, the bears sought Utah

the leaders wrote:

... succeeded in obtaining an elk skin, cattle.

I figures have to the best According pair it, a after had he smoking of which, out leather this in country, was needed Much principal in the two obtain to Life able ("Early the been made. of pantaloons of hides best thousands the have and many

vols. 9.) 6, 8, Instructor, BrigValley,"Juvenile under immigrants of divisions of for sufficient rotted or wasted, been want

help to erect tanneries. ham Young and Heber C. Kimball in

These wapiti gradually disappeared J848 brought with them to the Salt until about 1925, when the only wild Lake valley: 2012 oxen, 983 cows,

ones indigenous to Utah were seven 334 loose cattle, 654 sheep, 131 head in the mountains above Kamas. horses, 116 mules, 904 chickens, 237

Others were, of course, transplanted pigs, 54 cats, 134 dogs, 3 goats, 5 from Wyoming, beginning in 1912. hives of bees, 10 geese, 5 ducks, 11

In early Utah both grizzly and doves, 1 crow, and 1 squirrel. To this

black bear were so numerous as to we may add 160 head of cattle driven occur sometimes in the valleys. Thus in from California by Fuller and

wrote Bancroft: Lathrop in May 1848. It is little wonThree miles northwest of Ogden a settleder that predatory wild animals made

ment named Marriotsville was formed in a rendezvous of Salt Lake City.

families. 1850 neighborhood by three The Not always did the pioneers disinfested bears, and wolves with was and

nearby were the lodges of 200 Indian wartinguish between the wolf (Canis riors. lupus youngi) and the coyote (Canis

latrans testes); but one can usually

in Februnamed man Graham A observaof their the context tell from year, however, the same July of By ary horribly 1863 mutilated and was wrote: tions. George Q. Cannon to write: able they were killed shegrizzly a cubs with on by

Tanneries have been commenced at most the Logan River near Mendon, Utah, The big gray wolves came down from the of the principal settlements, and at some and James Hill's father saved himmountains in March 1848, and chased the the east feeding bench were which on for after three; season or another and, two self her infuriated charge from

fort. killin sight succeeded by cattlein of the They for prospect the a bark, peeling will be good riflebarrel into her his thrusting several ing head. leather. of domestic supply

throat. This illustrates how in those

Thereafter many deer hides being days grizzlies came into the very valThey must have been wolves, as obtained from Indians, buckskin was leys occupied by farms. coyotes are not ordinarily equal to

widely used for gloves and clothing In fact, writing in 1875, J. L. Barkilling grown cattle out grazing.

ornamentation. In 1852 immigrants foot said: I do not find the name "coyote,"

were requested to bring "shepherd It appears from observations made by our which is a Mexican word, in any Utah dogs,"much needed "in the valley."first settlers, that grizzlies and other bears, writings prior to 1875. Its first use

The pronghorn (erroneously called are becoming more numerous and destruc- (Continued on page 190)

MARCH 1955 161 Perhaps it was this living everlastingly under the strain of being a wife and mother on the western frontier and keeping warm in deepsnows this winter of 1854 that exIn Time of need noon—orasperated rather,Clarissathe unceasingthat late drearyaftercolor of life that had borne upon by Ilene Hanks Kingsbury

her since last December. The unbearable result was a thankless, grayness of outlook and a nothingcver-

happensto-me attitude. in the settlement, now called Parosnow beneath the edges driven, ice

True, little New, her firstborn, wan, was as enduring as the Rockies tramped to blocks beneath the anxious now advanced to a sturdy three by and as sustaining to the spirit as any feet of sustaining husband and parnext fortnight, and already suremilk and honey spoken of in the ents, quilts colder than her painminded Eli tugging at her skirts, were Book. benumbed body, and impatient grumentirely unaware of their young But surely, oblivion would overblings of the midwife. Baby Eli, closely

mother's inner unrest. And most of take them; the outpost would sucfollowed into this earth life, faredall, her bronzed, angular, soldier cumb to the everlasting sage and better at his entrance—in the log

husband, veteran of the twothou- saleratus beds and the valley facing leanto her husband had built on sandmile march with the Mormon march of the stunted cedar trees. the mountain at the east end of her

Battalion, and twice her age, was What permanent force could these father's cabin. One needed one less

oblivious to the near terror that few score men and women exert on wall of timber that way, and the comgripped her soul. It was that this the vast expanse of earth, haze, and munal comfort of nearness strengththing had gone on and on, intermihorizon? What of the fact that ened her. Before pinenut gathering

nably, this unfulfilled promise that Clarissa's only bid to fame was the time the leanto had been dismantled easier living could be arranged when unique incident that she had beto augment the walls of their own the weather broke or extra food was come the mother of the first white oneroom cabin discreetly removed to available or the fort wall was comboy born within the Iron County hills itself for privacy and dignity. Resolupleted or extra adobes molded for a and valleys, and that they had aptions were made always to carry some

little room for the children or even of the logs to any future dwelling without food, or warmth; just time as a fitting symbol of their humble

taken out as surcease from this eternal beginning in the red soil. How exdrudgery. citing it had been to mount the first

door, wrought her latch on thumb The children in the settlement, if of her husband, whose the hands by pressed for a statement, couldn't have vocation was that of blacksmith, andtruthfully said they had known whose avocation impelled him to

Christmas this six weeks gone. Cerforge the finest of brass and iron

tainly their elders vividly remembered latches, hinges, andirons, shovels, and the strain of that presentless day.

On one side of the square was Mother kettles.

West, whose sole offering for her All of which happened these long it was Februarythree little daughters was one apple, months gone; now

carefully peeled, cored, and divided, 1854—with her third child due in

as if on an assayer's scale. Down, eight weeks—and each day counted

the way, where prosperity was more painfully. By then April warmth

apparent, it was thoughtfully told would be replacing the cedar posts'that those children had little boxes pungentodored heat.

made of bark filled with carrot sugar Resolutely, she determined to look candy, and, in addition, Indian on the bright side of life. After all,

gloves of the whitest buckskin re- J. C. Fremont why wish time aflying when, for one

ceived in a trade last summer for a thing the most talented guest of the dog. In Clarissa's log home, the small propriately blessed him "New"? Or whole settlement had shared their

sons began observing the holy day that close to the beginnings of life, humble fare this very day. Carvalho,

on their knees beside the bed of their during the Nauvoo exodus she had the artist of Fremont's illfated fifth father and mother in a fervent, heartheard the first cries of nine new souls expedition, had been rescued from revealing prayer... to God who had born amid the tumult of storm and the snows of the northern passes,

preserved their lives for these three mob cries a thousand miles back at saved from death, and restored to life years beneath the shadows of the Sugar Creek off the Mississippi and strength by a Latterday Saint paragon -colored range in the south smile now to remember that such a family. He had revived sufficiently

Pahvant Valley near the Little Salt sweet name should be dared called to visit in Clarissa's household with

Lake. All of this the good wife had to so tragic a scene. his traveling companion, Egloffstein,

wholeheartedly observed; for her the topographer, who had been

faith, united with that of her par- f ittle New came to her arms as nursed under her roof. These two

ents, brother, and husband, together * she travailed in a wagon box men, still not well enough to travel with the other twentyeight families placed in the newly surveyed square across the desert with the expedition, 162 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA John Charles Fremont in the Rocky Mountains.—Informative Classroom Picture Publishers

were planning, rather, to go north for Mr. Carvalho, but you see, an He voiced his yearning to be again

to Salt Lake City. And their story hour ago he seemed restless. I sughome with his wife and son and

was an historic saga to tell her grandgested he walk about and perhaps daughter, fast growing up without a children. could find a subject for some father's familiar counsel. And in an

Little New, apprehensively, childsketches."added burst of emotion, he told Clarishly motioning, jerked her thoughts "Yes, Mrs. Whitney, I passed him, issa that, again, about the middle of

from these two wayfarers, to the or rather saw him turn in the doorMay, Jessie would be delivered of their figure of a soldier, little of sprightly way where a little child lies ready fifth child. How apprehensive he

step left in him, as he advanced down for burial,"replied Fremont. sounded as he strained at the possiher path. Descriptions of this expebility that a late spring would delay

dition leader, John Charles Fremont, "But that is too sad for him there!"his arrival in Washington until too

repeated trailmaker through the she protested, "and besides, he doesn't late to comfort his loved one.

Rockies, had reached her as she tareven know their name,"she added.

ried in the door of her husband's Instantly, a cloud passed over FreOut now, he was silent so long, sheblacksmith shop—particularly his mont's brow as if his heart had been "grew frantic for want of approstyle of parting his hair, which she cut open. Oh, if she hadn't said priate words, so hurriedly spoke of

gathered had caused his wife's father that! Her silence was her only the Pioneer Day celebration, each

to think him a "dandy."She glanced apology, but he started speaking, half July 24th, staged within the fort walls.

searchingly at her newest visitor. He, to her, mostly out loud to himself. He looked blankly at her, then aptoo, was emaciated as the other two "Twice, my Jessie and I have laid a peared more alive to her story as she

of his group, who just now had gone little body down to its long rest tofd of the day's significance in LDS for a short walk. that's the Indian way for death—exploration and settlement. However,

She smiled, extended her hand, and if I had known S. N. Carvalho now, again, she must have said someidentified herself, and urged the then, he could have made a likeness thing to remind him of the past, for

famous pathfinder to be seated near of the little ones for me."He passed, with sorrowfilled eyes he looked at

the hearth. And fearing that such staring at the flames beneath the iron her and said, "Once I had a little

a great man would be annoyed with kettle—then wishing to relieve pentson born on the twentyfourth of

talk of children, scanty provisions, up longings, or at least confide in July—my Jessie was delivered of him

and humble accommodations she this pioneer mother, he continued, in Washington, held him in her arms hastily explained the absence of his hands restlessly aiding his words in all the way west to St. Louis; but at

friends by saying, "I'm sure you came the manner of his French ancestors. (Continued on page 181)

MARCH 1955 163 Jeff Hayward's Good Impression by Hilliard Bennett Jeff Hayward was so generVB?'lIanky

ous with his talent that most of the kids in his high school classes had portraits of themselves he had done for them. Some of the mothers

of Mapleville had from time to time given him snapshots of their babies from which he made watercolor paintings. His fondness for chocolate pie being wellknown about town,

a pie was usually his reward.

In fact, he was so famous—that is,

in the town of Mapleville—that no

one attached any importance to the difficulty he had with math, English, and history. Jeff did, though, because he was the one who had to

tussle with these subjects until he had made a passing mark.

Two years late making his senior year, he was the oldest one in the

Senior class. That he felt gawky

and also worried about the impression he would make on Warren Welstead was apparent in the way he stood apart from the group near the easels and shifted from side to side.

Mr. Millinger, the whitehaired art

teacher, said to him: "When you sent

samples of your work to Warren,

Jeff, he wrote back that he thought they were wonderful. Isn't that

enough? Now take it easy. He will

be here any minute."

Just then Warren Welstead came into the classroom. Under his arm

was a large envelope. Jeff was startled

to see how different Welstead looked.

His hair was thin, and he wore blackrimmed glasses. It was a relief,

though, to see he had the same round, sunny face.

Mr. Millinger hurried to the rear

of the art room to greet him.

Warren's voice sounded deeper as he told Mr. Millinger he could stay SK

no longer than Friday; that once he Trying to catch himself he swung his arm with such, force that the paint can left his

settled his family's estate he must hand and hurtled through the air.

get back to his advertising agency job in New York City. into art ten years ago, I would probgrasp the large envelope. One of his

Mr. Millinger, face beaming, said: ably not be an art director today."feet kicked an easel nearby and spun

"I can't tell you how glad we are to Then Warren's eyes fell on Jeff, it around making a loud clatter. Tryhave you take the time to help us and he came toward him. ing to act as though nothing had

with our stage background, Warren. "I brought your samples back with happened, he took the envelope.

I'm afraid I coaxed pretty hard in me, Jeff,"Warren said. "By the One of the girls tittered, and the

my last letter."way, how's your dad—still farming?"fellows stifled their laughs.

Warren smiled. "It's the least I "Yes, still farming,"Jeff said, his Warren did not appear to notice

can do. If you had not steered me throat tight. He started forward to and said to Jeff, "That art work

164 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA shows great promise, Jeff. I want to creamy blue liquid down the side of Jeff smiled uneasily. "You didn*t

talk with you later."his dungarees. tell me to make them windblown, but

Jeff's breast swelled with pride, "Ooops!"he shouted holding the it seemed like a good idea. If you

and yet he was uneasy. He knew the can at arm's length. want me to paint out the windblown

kind of buildup Mr. Millinger gave The committee members were quick effect, I'll do it now before I go

those of his pupils who show promto sponge off his dungarees. Mr. home."

ise. He had just about outdone himMillinger said what a shame it was,

self with Jeff, and Jeff suspected the and Warren told him how sorry he reason. His math, English, and hiswas it happened. Jeff declined to

tory marks must be made to look intake time to go home to change, preconsequential. ferring to minimize the incident. One

soaking wet leg of his dungarees was

HPhe scene for the stage background uncomfortable, but a farm boy was *- was to be painted directly on the accustomed to trivial discomfort.

smooth cement wall at the back of Warren briefed each individual on the stage. Jeff was assigned to pick what part of the background he was

up the various colors of quickdrying to paint stressing general effect rather water paint Warren specified for the than detail. He illustrated how to

job. lay the paint on the wall, not wipe

Warren's meetings with attorneys, it on. He concluded his points of

real estate agents, and bank officials instruction with a few serious comconcerned with the settling of his ments on how so many individuals estate kept him so busy that it was working on ladders one above the

Thursday, the day before he was to other, one here, one there, cannot be leave, when work was started on the too careful.

stage background. Warren spent the When Jeff was about to start up

day outlining with a charcoal stick the ladder again, Mr. Millinger was

the face of the barn on stage right, there to caution him. "Watch those Warren laughed. "No, it's too

haystack on stage left, clouds, mounfeet, Jeff."late, anyway. I just wanted to tell

tains, and fields in the background. Atop the ladder Jeff applied the you they are excellent. Furthermore,

Rail fence, stone well, watering blue paint with long sweeps of the I see you have initiative as well as trough, barnyard animals, and birds big brush. Others worked on the talent. I'd like to see you go to art

he sketched in the foreground. mountains, fields, haystack, and barn. school evenings in New York. You

On Thursday night Jeff, three Mr. Millinger concentrated on the could make yourself useful around

girls, and five boys composing the stone well, and Warren took the difmy art department during the day.

stage decorating committee, and Mr. ficult subjects of cows, a horse, and It would help pay your way."

Millinger were all on hand to help. the other barnyard animals. Heart pounding with pride Jeff

The stage was quickly floored with When one of the painters started gasped, "Thanks."He felt buoyant

newspapers, and ladders were put in to become absorbed in too much dewith confidence. Perhaps in a few

place. Warren had the evening's work tail, Warren would step over to him. years he would be as successful as

so well organized that completing the He would remind him that from the Warren and come back to Mapleville painting of the background should audience, detail would not be visible for a visit. He would give one of

be fairly easy. It was merely a task anyway, and the object was to cover Mr. Millinger's talented pupils a

of filling in his outlines with the color as much surface as he could in the chance at a career.

written on the area. shortest possible time leaving only a One of the girls remarked suddenly.

"We forgot the weather vane on the Eager to make a good impression general effect. peak of the barn."

gallon can took the Jeff Warren,on a wide with along Tt was after midnight when the group Jeff saw another opportunity to blue paint of brush and started up the ladder. "I'll * stood at stage front to admire the demonstrate his willingness and skill.

took the black He as he paint anddo the sky. I'm taller than anybody masterpiece. Warren had painted climbed the feeling ladder unusually

else."each animal with a few wellmade

"I'll surefooted said, he on."put it

of his brush. Close up they called and strokes him down But Warren Millinger called Mr. to him. "Take looked formless, distance surbut at a gather to around the othersbeckoned time, your Jeff."

him. prisingly realistic. Jeff did not realize that the exciteAs he backed down the ladder, Jeff looked at Warren's work at ment within him had quickened his

Jeff was careful not to slop paint out close range and then from a distance. pace. He painted the weather vane

of the can, but he realized he should It looked so simple, so easily done, as though he were in a great hurry have emptied part of the contents and yet Jeff knew Warren had worked and then started down the ladder.

into another can. hard over the years to achieve that "Ooops!"he said as he miscalcuAs he turned away from the ladder simplicity and ease in his painting. lated the distance from one step to

to join the group, the same foot that He felt a hand on his back. Warthe next step below. Trying to catch

had kicked the easel caught on the leg ren said: "Those clouds, Jeff—is that himself he swung his arm with such

of the ladder. The ladder jolted windblown effect an accident or did force that the paint can left his hand

against the can of paint, slopping the you really plan them that way?"(Continued on page 177)

MARCH 1955 165

CONTROLLING THE PAST

(Continued from page 154) a moral duty to correct an obvious able sense to his church, the last little harm can be done by introducscribal error into a true statement. thing he may do is to alter it to some

ing it here and there where careBut who can say what are the limits form that he and his party can acless scribes seem to have a habit of of 'scribal errors'?"62 Those limits cept. And that is notoriously the

leaving it out. Thus in the 127 are set by any pious reader whose first thing that religious scholars do

Canons of the Apostles we read that duty it is to alter the text whenever just look through the footnotes of the church has lost the power once he feels the scribe is off the track. almost any early volume of the

enjoyed by the saints to drive out This is an unlimited license to conPatrologiae.

devils, raise the dead, and speak in trol the past. In all his extensive writings, it is

tongues, though those powers were In one of the very earliest postaxiomatic with M. Batiffol that anymeant to be "signs to those who beapostolic writings, Ignatius reprithing not satisfactory to his church

lieve."This agrees perfectly with mands those Christians who won't can only be nonsense. Armed with

Mark 16:17, "... these signs shall believe anything that can't be proved this supremely practical and convenfollow them that believe,"etc. but from the archives, telling the Philaient rule of thumb, he has no diffinot with the conventional Christian delphians, "My archives are Jesus culty or hesitation in perpetrating

thesis, that the loss of the signs was Christ, and they can't be tampered his "energetic corrections"whenever not serious since they were meant to with."ty6 Which shows not only how an ancient writing refuses to cooperate

impress only unbelievers. soon the Church took to resting its with him or his party. The Odes of

And so our editor helpfully incase on documents, but also how soon Solomon, for example, repeatedly serts the little word which the original those documents began to be conspeaks of "the worlds"in the plural.

writer somehow overlooked: "that trolled. In one place it declares of Christ, "In

they should be a sign to those who The original version of Josephus'Him the worlds speak one to ando not believe!"60 In the same spirit Jewish War (II, 110) contained a other,"making him the common

of helpfulness, when Justin Martyr very unflattering reference to Christ. Lord of many worlds. Such was

propounds the doctrine (to which he For this reason the book was conearly Christian doctrine; but not

refers a. number of times) that "God demned. Yet the writings of Josephus modern: "One is surprised,"writes

created the world out of unorganized had been raised to almost canonical Batiffol, "to see 'the worlds'speakmatter,"Lange, editing the text in rank by the Christians—how could ing to one another; one would expect

the Patrologia, is good enough to this treasure be saved? In the oldrather that it would be men.... I

oblige with a useful insertion: "... est surviving manuscripts, the famous would understand it to read 'men,'

God created the world not out of unpassage about Christ has been savnot 'worlds.'"6G To what purpose,

organized matter,"to which by way agely inked out, rubbed out, or cut then, does an ancient author say of clarification he adds a further inout, as if in hasty attempts to clear "worlds"if an editor many centuries terpolation, "but out of nothing."01 the owners of any charge of possessing later can substitute any word that

Why bother to condemn Justin as a illicit writings. In later manuscripts, suits him in its place? Is a poet writheretic when his words can be so however, this passage reemerges, but ing some eighteenhundred years ago

easily controlled? this time wonderfully altered: by the under any obligation to put down

c) Emendation—the Rewrite Job: changing of a few words and a little what "one would expect"him to write

The excision of annoying passages deft insertion and deletion the insulttoday? Apparently he is.

and the insertion of useful ones is, ing paragraph has now become a (To be continued) after all, a surgery of last resort. Most glowing character reference for Jesus

scholars prefer to display their skill from the mouth of an infidel G * BIBLIOGRAPHY and ingenuity in the more cultivated Coming down to our own time, we s''King Follett Discourse. Even the motive

art of emendation, the correction of find the emendator still at work in attributed to the scribe, that "they thought purely scribal errors. The object of the same old shop. When Pere it too bad"to leave the text as he found it,

the game is to make the greatest posBatiffol reads in the Odes of Solomon, is the authentic and conventional one.

sible change in the reading of a text "Thou hast introduced thy person in- """Kahle,"Ibid., pp.Cairo71f. Geniza, pp. 72, 77.

by the least possible alteration of to the world,"he asks, "How could mIbid., pp. 6366.

the written word; the smaller the alGod introduce his person into the '"Ibid., p. 66.

teration and the more striking the world which belongs to him? Let us A. Deimel, Sumerische Grammatik

change of reading it effects, the more rather say that God introduces his (Rome, 1924), p. 8.

""A. E. Housman, Manilius V (Camis instead: prosopon not"brilliant"the con- 'countenance'emendation

p. xxxiv. 1927), 65 bridge, (face, form)."(person), but morphe threesidered. This, is a however, 40L. Goldschmidt, Babylonische Der Taldimensional chess game reserved for Let us say, "indeed! And what has mud (Haag: M. Nihoff, 1933), I, xiii.

the elite: the art of rewriting texts the author to say about it? "This "Loc. cit. and xiv.

is practised with little enough subtlety passage,"Batiffol obligingly explains, *I Mace. I, 56f. 63.

II, Hist. Eccl. "Sozomen, 38; Socrates, for "calls correction energetic a rather prime churchmen, whose mostby

Hist. Eccl. I, 31. 9, Diocletian The pagan 05 to pious in order Sense for ever been to have sense."hasconcern do a against milder was the Christians than

rather than a convincing rewrite job. whom? The secondyear Greek stuthey were against heretics, Eusebius, Ch.

At a very early period, "when anyone, dent is constantly running into pasHist, VIII, 11.

Catholic or heretic, found a statesages that make no sense to him, and Codex Justinianus (ed. P. Kruger), I, i,

ment in the New Testament which which he feels strongly urged to "cortrinitate.3; and Novella 42, i, 2; lib. 3, de summa

appeared to be wrong,"according to rect."But when a text fails to make 4r,Kahle, op. cit., p. 211.

Kirsopp Lake, "it would seem to him sense to a reader, or makes undesir- (Continued on page 168) 166 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Our Lord of the Gospels J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. PICTURE of

This book presents a concurrent treatment COmplete of the four Gospels

Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John as well as III Nephi. Those who

wish to know how the various writers of thereading enjoyment Gospels converge and how they diverge in their reports on Jesus'life and teachings will find this book invaluable. $5.00

Newly. Know the Bible RRevised

BENJAMIN ALWARD and enlar 9ed

Fiftyseven vital questions on the Gospel and Christian living are answered by more than a thousand Biblical scriptures. Also

included in this newly revised book you'll find histories of the sixtysix books of the Bible, the Apocrypha, the Dead Sea scrolls, Missing Scriptures, and on the lapse of time between the Old and New Testament.

$2.50

j 4 Sunday the True Sabbath of God SAMUEL WALTER GAMBLE

Through intensive research in ancient literature, the long lost Descrct

Calendar has Hebrew in 44 Fast South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah reproduced been

this outstanding book, D=SERET BOOK COMPANY completely which fHlTfM** 8i0m**Z Salt Lake City, Utah re44 East South Temple, futes the Saturdayntleme<n Ge heresy. Sabbath Readers will find this book Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) charge

a scholarly study on to account the following amount $ for my the significance of the book(s): the encircled (numbered)

Sabbath. $2.00

Name..

Address

City.. Zone State.

Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

MARCH 1955 167 r ON THE BOOKRACK KITCHEI1 CHflRfTl WAXED PAPER COLONIA(Nelle SpilsburyJUAREZHatch. Deseret Book WE(Ora BELIEVEPate Stewart. Bookcraft, Salt Lake

pages. $1.00.) 112 City, Salt Utah. 259 City. Lake Company, KEEPS FOOD pocketsized is a volume, discusstables, photos, and pages, plus maps, This

FRESHER LONGER! lists. 1954. $3.50.) ing in sequence the thirteen Articles

This book is an interesting and intiofof LatterdayFaith of theSaints,Church"writtenof JesusespeciallyChrist mate contribution to a littleknown Major for of the Church."the youth

of chapter history, pioneer "Mormon"first principles, is the placed emphasis on far the of from headquarters the Church.

it this is be; as should perhaps which

settled Colonia Juarez was by LDS of Faith Articles first four results in the eighties, in the Church and members the half than sixty pages—more to they build town, worked homes, up

last four of the discussion fillingbook—while schools. story tribulaof their and The

pages. fourteen totals articles only

tions of triumphs, the "exodus"and 1912 when most of the Saints were ex-—S. B. T.

pelled from Mexico, the troubled several A GARDEN IN WYOMING years of the Mexican revolutionary (Bertha C. Maudsley. Granite Publishperiod, the amazing friendliness of ing Company, Salt Lake City. 222 pages.

Pancho Villa toward the Mormon peo1954.)

exiles, ple, return the of some of the and in is told by one who participated much Theof authorpioneergrewlivingup inunderStartheValley,stress of that about which she writes. Wyoming. In this book she looks back

Mrs. Hatch was graduated from Juarez over six decades of life, and finds it

Stake Academy in 1906, and both she prevailingly good. Brief chapters, iland her husband taught there later. lustrated with twentyseven family proShe was appointed Juarez Stake histraits in singles and groups, deal with

torian in 1936, and from her work on genealogy; most of the rest is personal

that assignment this book has developed. reminiscence. Here and there is an

She writes, therefore, not as a rigidly inevitable touch of heartbreak, but most

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS professional historian with cold objecof the recollections are happy ones, told

OF HOUSEWIVES... tiveness, but with the warm and symin anecdote and dialogue, recording the

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS pathetic understanding of a spectator highlights of a friendly and fruitful and participant.—S. B. T. life.—S. B. T.

CONTROLLING THE PAST

(Continued from page 166) K7Rufinus, Prologus to Origen's Peri "Ibid., p. 84. Archon, in Patrol. Graec. XI, 111 ff.

"Ibid., p. 29; cf. pp. 192-7. MEusebius, Vita Constantini I, 11.

,sHist. Eccl, VI, 19, 9. 50C. SnouckHurgronje, in Chantipie's

*"Cod. Theod. XVI, 6-23, discussed in GibLehrhuch der Religionsgesch. (Tubingen,

bon's Decline and Fall, Ch. XXVII. 1925), I, 656.

Hefele, Konziliengeschichte MK. von

the Apostles, mCanons of Bk. I, Canon

I, 143f. v. 8, in 48, GraffinNau, Patrologia Orien89. R1Patrol. XVIII, hat.

VIII, 624. tal, Samsonite (1855ff), Philosophy (Yale 52E. Gilson, and God

folding chairs are Univ., 1942), p. xi. Justin, Apol. I, 10, in Patrol. Graec. VI,

53St. Augustine, De Mendacio, c.x, in 340. strongest... last longest! 02K. & S. Lake, An Introduction to the 40, 500-1. Patrol, hat.

is Harpers, Y.: furniture (N. 1937), Testament folding New Samsonite in the Leclercq, Dictionnaire. d'ArchWM. comwonderfully cit., 157: sturdy, the Cf. 99. "Tar- p. op. smart, Kahle, p.

et Liturgie VI, Chretiennes aeologie de saves longest, It lasts fortable. text. authoritatixe Every no had gums

for censorship 2697f. the motive was That groupyears! Most the over money text he the to try improve copyist could

effect eviof the adverse to the cover Samsonite! up insist on experts seating

excopied."is revealing clear Duchesne's from w l dence

Division "they Sealing haven't with."u:Or, been Public tampered Bros., Shwayder the leave not did of he planation why

29, Michigan Detroit 1-8, Dept viii. Epist. Philad. ad discoveries: his of in view church Catholic Call Representative rj Have Information Send Q

is his aged offend famous explained, passage the Josephus This not, he could he

Name mother as the price of being "true to himsubject of Eisler's whole 2-volume work,

Organization self."(Idem.) Iesous Basileus ou Basileusas (Heidelberg,

Address 150. op. Cf. Kahle, cit., p. 1929). I, 1205. Lat. City Zone State Patrol.

163. 1911, Biblique p. roIn Revue to the Clementine wRufinus, Preface

Also Makers of Samsonite Luggage, Card Tables and Chairs Recognitions, in Patrol. Graec. I, 1205ff. ""Ibid., p. 189, note to Od. Sal. XII, 8.

168 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FROM THE SKYWAYS TO THE HIGHWAYS

Phillips 66 brings you the only gasoNew Phillips 66 FliteFuel provides increased line with the added super aviation power, higher antiknock and greater fuel economy. And you benefit from famous Phillips 66 fuel component Diisopropyl.

controlled volatility. In addition, Phillips 66 FlitePhillips Petroleum Company was the first to Fuel gives you the clean burning qualities that

make Diisopropyl and also HF Alkylate. These result from use of natural and aviation gasoline

two components are so valuable to smooth motor components. Fill up today with FliteFuel!

performance that, until recently, their use was restricted by the U. S. Government to high perOnly Phillips 66 FliteFuel contains added

formance aviation gasoline. Now authorities Diisopropyl. Get it at stations where you see the

have removed restrictions. orange and black Phillips 66 Shield.

oil </ 6&0ts060WMl motor that can double engine life!

TropArtic is the new allweather motor oil that protects your car winter and summer. It flows easily at temperatures below zero, yet

at extremely high engine heat it retains its film strength. Compared

to ordinary oils it can reduce wear 40% or more... can cut oil

consumption 15% to 45%... keeps pistons and piston rings cleaner.

TropArtic Motor Oil is the perfect running mate for FliteFuel.

They go together for better performance!

PHILLIPS PETROLEUM COMPANY MARCH 1955 169 taken up constructive hobbies that

LIVE IN THE FUTURE AND STAY YOUNG led to financial independence. I once

a story a about who at woman (Concluded 155) from page are interested in sold work hard—who

still actively ninetyfour engaged waspalsy; in humanity. with life and works and still another

the blind. All of these women are Naturally any person who has in running a costume shop that grew

happier and healthier than they lived a full life has encountered and from a hobby.

have been in years, simply because solved many of life's perennial probYou see, staying young is largely they feel they are doing something lems. Through his own experience a matter of how we feel inside. And

constructive to help others. he is in a position to help young remember, like a fine violin whose

Latterday Saints are noted for the people with sound advice, and the tonal qualities increase with age, we number of vigorous older people chances are if he goes about it in the can make our own lives fuller and if we will onlywithin their ranks—their death rate right way and doesn't try to preach, richer as the years pass

is much below the average. And the his grandchildren will turn to him stay active (physically, if possible,

reason? They are welladjusted, eagerly for counsel. but always mentally) and learn to

cheerful people who live simply and Many older men and women have live in the future.

A FATHER'S BLESSING neron life.of thinkingThere wasand noin onehis outlookelse in

his thinking or planning.

(Concluded from page 151) Little John inherits not only a name Tom said, "I would give the world and bear the stigma of illegitimacy. which it becomes his duty to uphold to know who I am, who my father

But even that was denied to Tom, for in honor, but he inherits also the and mother were, and where my relahis mother, too, had forsaken him. reputation that his progenitors tives live."He suspected that his

When a child is blessed in church, through many generations have built mother was one of the women who the elder officiating says words to up, such as honor in business, fidelity cared for him, but she died before this effect: "We present this child to a trust, chastity and clean living, he ran away from the orphanage. He

before this congregation to give him respect for law, truthfulness, and so remembered her crying once when is free to lift by clean and she held him, and he wanted to be-a name and a father's blessing. We on. He

give him the name John (not John honorable living the family standards lieve that she was his mother. Two

Jones) by which he shall be known to ever higher levels of respectability, years before I met Tom he had been among men, etc."The name John but he has no right to drag them back to the orphanage to see if he

is conferred upon him, given to him, down. He cannot sin to himself could find out anything about himbut the name Jones was his by inalone since with his blessings he inself, but there was no one left who

heritance the day he was born. The herits also obligations to all the memhad served the institution in his day.

name John was given to distinguish bers of his clan. Whatever he does His search had netted him only disaphim from all the others of his famthrough his life will add to or detract pointment.

ily. At blessing, his full name, John from the honor of the name he bears. Tom's case was one to ponder over.

Jones, son of William Jones and To keep faith with the wide circle In all the millions of people on the

Mary Smith is entered in the Church and long line of those who bear his earth there was not one to feel conrecords, and that record would withsurname he is obligated to bear it in cern for him, no one to care whether stand any legal or other assault that honor among men. he succeeded or failed, whether he

could ever be made against it. He A name thus honorably inherited was sick or well or lived or died. He

can acquire and safely secure property and carried with a proper sense of had no sweet memories of a loving under it, can claim inheritance to the obligation to all others who bear it mother and no home or kindred to property of his parents, can record anchors one to society and surrounds return to when he was weary or ill.

and own titles to real estate, patent him with kindred who have a direct Tom, because someone had robbed his inventions, or register his valuand living interest in his success. To him of his birthright, was only a

ables under it, and he is protected in inherit a respected name is to inherit piece of human driftwood floating these rights against the whole world. a priceless treasure. It is more valuaround on the sea of life. Just to have

When John's father took him to able than gold or bonds. Good will had a legitimate name and a few

Church for blessing that act said to is an asset valued highly in dollars relatives who cared would have anthe congregation and to the whole and cents in the business world, and chored him to society and put inworld, 'T acknowledge this child as little John inherits free all the good centive, interest, purpose, and happimine. He is heir to my name with will that generations of his progeniness into his wasted life.

all that it stands for, and he is heir tors have built up. How many Toms are there in the

to my possessions."Such acknowlAll these were blessings that Tom world? And how are the parents of

edgment gives to little John the best had been robbed of by the parents such going to explain their wrongs start he could possibly have in the who were responsible for his very when they meet their children face world. It is a father's greatest blessexistence. The absence of such parto face before the bar of eternal judging upon his child. ental blessing was evident in his manment?

170 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA!...

Is your"dream"car in this picture?

'Buick's spectacular Century Series, with 9-to-l compression, pro- 'The Coupe, Cadillac's lowestpriced 1955 model, features a Cadillac vides highest powerto-weight ratio and most power per dollar."precisionbuilt overhea'd valve 250horsepower V-8 engine."

'The Motoramic Chevrolet offers a 'TurboFire V-8'and two new 'Newstyled Chrysler New Yorker DeLuxeSt. Regis...with world'smost

'BlueFlame'6's. Model shown: the Bel Air Sport Coupe."powerful engine design: hemisphericalcombustion FirePower V-8."

Here's why it deserves Conoco Super Gasoline with TCP... thefuel designedfor today's hicompression engines!

Regardless of make or year, your car will benefit from the fuel that Super Gasoline, Conoco a eoncombines BENEFITS THE OF TCP trolled higheroctane all rating with power benefits ofTCP! BY PROVED USERS! OVER 8 MILLION

Whether you're the proud owner of Feel that powerful difference today!

boosts car's your power 1. TCP as much as 15% of these one beauties 1955 or... it start This neutralizes week, using (because Conoco delead powerrobbing Super

still are getting service dependable posits car's engine). in your Gasoline with tanktwo TCP

it from present isn't your car fuls, you'll see the greatest why... after 2. gives extra gas mileage you TCP time benefited you from... Conoco gasoline in (motorists report to development miles 3 gallon) 31 per years up more

Super Gasoline with TCP? became the greatest success in 3. TCP is just like an engine tuneup

Make no mistake about it! Here is gasoline history (because youenjoy all your car's builtin power)

fuel, ordinary no astonishing but an life increases sparkplug up 4. TCP to 150% kind of new gasoline that sets free (because it actually fireproofs your plugs) spark

every ounce of power is your guarantee Car Performance packed into 5. TCP ofTop today's wonderful highcompression (because it brings the extra out all performance engines... a gasoline that virtually CONOCO of Conoco Super's higheroctane rating).

tunes up any engine by the time you've finished your second tankful! trademark owned and patent applied for by shell oil company

1955,1955, ContinentalContinental OilOil CompanyCompany.r"">A Wk. 'fc Y "Conoco Super Gasoline with I \j

... makes a powerful difference in your car's engine!

MARCH 1955 171 a

A Change Is Good For You {Concluded from page 159) pressured business demands into an WHY DO SAVERS SAVE?

absorbing, creative activity that satisFor educational needs, for special purchases—for many good fies the deepest something in each

reasons—but, we're convinced, most savers save in response one's being—a wonderful change

to the urge of thrift. That is—from the routine of the business world

with its competitive speed and tensions to the satisfactions of the inner They Save As A Matter of Course demand or Godgiven gift in each

Where They Save Is A Matter of Choice one of these men.

The most important and valuable

THOUSANDS OF THRIFTY PEOPLE CHOOSE change of all is one that doesn't call

for tickets, for railroad or airplane

reservations, or hotel boat arrangeZION'S SAVINGS BANK ments. It is the change most natural & TRUST COMPANY

for us, and seemingly the most apt

CONVENIENT LOCATION IN SALT LAKE'S BUSIEST of all, and yet the last to be conUPTOWN AREA.

Z.C.M.I. TERRACE PARKING FREE AT PARKING FOR OUR sidered—and

BUSINESS. BANKING CUSTOMERS ON thought—changethatof attitude.is change of BOTH WAYS. PAY POSTAGE BY MAIL. BANK WE

NIGHT DEPOSITORY IN BUILDING LOBBY. Our thoughts in a routine world

PLUS.. become routine. They accumulate

the dust, the debris, the corrosion about them both from lack of use

DAVID O. McKAY, President and from insufficient rearrangement

of pattern. Our thoughts or attiSouth Temple and Main, Salt Lake City

tudes can cause us to assume a fixa-. Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

tion of ideas; for instance, take the

idea of fatigue. It can become a*

fixed attitude. I have friends who

simply fall into the idea of fatigue at the end of a working day. They

expect to be tired, and their afterHoo&Ideat working hours are dedicated to this thought of complete exhaustion. But

family dinner I have another friend whose whole life changes at the end of his day.

once a week He is writing children's adventure stories as a hobby; and after a hard,

at the demanding day at business, he comes

COFFEE home,his family,has aandleisurelythen retiresdinner towithhis

SHOP studyworld ofto sport,live ofin youthfulanother challenge,world—

of courage, of heroes. Whatever

pages he completes, he reads to a young son and daughter as their bedtime hour approaches. A complete

change of thought, and the tired businessman becomes a successful author with an immediate small but enthusiastic public.

Hotel Utah A change is certainly good for all

Max Carpenter of us, and fortunately, it can start right where we are. Probably that's

Manager the best place of all to start-—right

with ourselves. It's pretty hard to

change the scheme of the world. But

you do have a right to start some innovations on yourself.

172 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Waiting Place (Continued from page 147) Death found us when baby Elspeth sickened. A body too frail to withstand the rigors of pioneer life.

There was always the church—the

core of our lives. Baptisms, marriages, burials—all performed by the

Reverend John Bethune.

The yearning remained with me always. Sometimes as I held a newborn babe in my arms and felt the

gentle beat of its heart, I felt that there was more to life than birthing, living, and dying. The answer never

came to me in our lonely wilderness, although all my life I sought it.

The years passed in quick succes- *- sion, and our children left to build their own homes. Wc knew

once more the joy of little children about our home, as grandchildren visited. Finally, one wintry morning

death visited us once again, and I was led gently to this place of waiting.

It was here I received the answer to the yearning. I had sought the

answer all my life and had never found it. Here in this place I heard

explained things which I had believed all my life but had never been able to confirm. Missionaries came

to this place of waiting and told us many marvelous things.

They told us of the great council in heaven in which we chose our earth life. They explained the plan

of salvation, the Garden of Eden, the

Fall, the mighty prophets, the children of Israel, the scattering, the promise of a Savior, the Savior and of the ministry, the meaning his crucifixion and the priesthood, the -feticlenQM Cuk resurrection, the preaching of the gospel by the Apostles, the blessed Mix and heat a 6V2or 7-oz. can White

privilege of baptism and repentance. Star Brand Tuna; can of cream of celery

Finally, they told of the falling away or mushroom soup; and a 1-lb. can of

into pagan practices, the darkness, Chinese vegetables, drained. Add V4 cup

and then the promise. John had said milk and 2 teaspoons Worcestershire

another angel would fly in the midst sauce. Cook enough rice to make 2 cups;

of heaven bearing the everlasting toss with 2 tablespoons butter or margospel: a young boy praying in the garine and l/4 cup chopped roasted alwoods opening the heavens with the monds or peanuts. Serve in individual

magnitude of his prayer, the gatherbowls topped with mounds of nutty rice, ing of Israel, the visit of Elijah in America's with "chopsticks"of celery or carrot fulfilment of prophecy: Greatest Names in Sea Food alongside. Makes 3 or 4 servings.

(Chunk Tuna Star Brand I White will send you Elijah "Behold, the label Mermaid on for the Blonde of Look Chicken Pack); Solid and

... the prophet Dietetic Tuna, Brand Sea the tuna largestselling for America's

Tuna Frozen Tuna, Strained of heart turn shall the he "And Dinner; Pie, Tuna Frozen SEA COMPANY, INC. FOOD WilVAN CAMP

... Oyster Oysters, Brand lapoint children, to the and fathers the California Island, Terminal

Stew. (Concluded on following page) MARCH 1955 173 We cannot help the weak but only

THE WAITING PIACE those who turn their hearts in eager- (Continued from preceding page) knows I lived. Occasionally, she ness and prayer to us who are their

the children to their fathers, lest I gets out the sheet upon which my dead. We are not names to be writ-

... smite the earth with a curse."name is printed—but it is always put ten on a piece of paper and filed away

uncompleted. How I pray at to be looked at abstractly at a future We are the fathers—and the mothaway are alive! We are waiting!ers. Our hearts are turned to you! these moments. I know where the date. We information is which she needs to Our eyes are turned to you—our hope

With what yearning I watched my complete her sheet. and our salvation!

descendants. Some seeking; others

wrapped in earthly pursuits. After a

seemingly endless time—I saw two

<NS5v5v?x5eN5s2>5s2young men—books in hand—ap- I

proaching a door. The door was

opened to reveal my greatgreat- granddaughter standing inquiringly Jaith? Worn, jatlevice

at the door. How I prayed at that Richard L. Evans

moment. With a rush of joy I saw

that she admitted them. Within was This, already, is the second day of another three hundred

a young girl who listened intently -* sixtyfive. The New Year will not last long. And despite

to each word they uttered. This its festivities, it is somewhat sobering—sobering for many

also was a grandchild of mine. They reasons, and in part because of some uncertainties. But

left their books with her. I saw her sometimes we overemphasize uncertainty. We live with it

poring over them, pondering each always and everywhere, and if we were too constantly conword. I saw her first trip to the little cerned with the uncertainty of passing and impermanent

upstairs room where the missionaries things, our lives would be forever fearful—for all that lies beofficiated. I saw the missionaries'yond this very instant is in a sense uncertain. And we

visits to her home: the struggle—the should have the faith to plan solidly for the future and not

doubts—the questions! One particuoveremphasize uncertainty. Faith is indispensable in any

lar question!, New Year formula. Other indispensable elements to be

"If this is the true church and added are work, and patience—a full measure of each. We

baptism is necessary for salvation must be willing to work without knowing all the outcome what will happen to all the millions in advance. And as to patience, we must be willing to wait

(not to cease the search—hut not to forceof people who lived on the earth for final answers—

without an opportunity to be bapor fabricate the answers where they are not in evidence).

tized?"So far as this present time is concerned, "Life is a tent for a

night"1—Emerson observed—but beyond is the infinite and The answer—the only answer

baptism for the dead! The look of eternal, and as we live according to the best knowledge we

are, have, justice "doing broad by whomsoever where werecognition on her knew face—she

deal in in the with"2 circumstances find ourwhich we struggle with wethis to be true. The

family and friends. The fear of conselves, and shun false pride and pettiness, the Lord God

demnation. The final victory over will see that fairness and justice and equitable opportunity

fear through prayer. come to each of us; and he will not leave us alone nor let

The day arrived! I had looked to anything be lost, nor any good go unrewarded. Thank God

this day through years of prayer and at this beginning of another new year that there are values waiting. I saw my granddaughter go that endure always and forever..Thank God for truth, for

down into the waters of baptism. I freedom to search for it, for freedom to accept it; for faith

rejoiced with her as she rose from in the eternal future; for patience to wait for the missing

the waters purified and an heir to the pieces to be put in place; for patience to reserve judgment

celestial kingdom. I knew that while men argue with one another of things they do not

through this day I, too, would beknow; for patience to wait for the clouds of speculation to

come an heir to the celestial kingdom. be cleared, for theories to be proved or unproved; patience to

I knew that the promise of Elijah wait for the final answers. God grant us in this new year

would be fulfilled in her the hearts faith, work, patience and a little time to live the goodness of of the children would be turned to life with our loved ones, to live above the contentious controthe fathers. versies, and to see the eternal certainties beyond the uncerThe years are passing and the tainties, and to walk in prayerful humility with him who

promise of Elijah is not being fulgave us everlasting life and who keeps creation in its course.

filled through her. It is true that 1Credited to Emerson, source unidentified.

occasionally she promises herself that Hbid.

she will do better tomorrow. Tomorrow comes, and the busy world -Jne Spoken Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

calls her to other tasks, and her salPRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING vation and mine is threatened. SYSTEM, JANUARY 2, 1955 Copyright, 1955

She has found my name. She

174 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA this much STILBESTROL has to go a long waymusf be mixed just rightli

and Purina 's Exclusive MICROMIXING Process does this job!

Mixing lA ounce of stilbestrol into one ton of Next time you're in town drop by your Purina cattle feed presents a big problem to most feed Dealer's and ask him to tell you more about companies. But this kind of mixing is just routine Purina Steer Fatena and Beef Chow with stilfor Purina's MicroMixing... and only Purina bestrol. He's the only man in town who can supply

Chows are MicroMixed. you with MicroMixed Purina Chows.

feed of stilbestrol of ounce Just Vi m one ton it 1 AT THE STORE WITH THE CHECKERBOARD SIGN only of is added in the proportion means part to 90,800 parts. Purina's MicroMixing process is accurate to the 1/10,000,000 part! So you can

rest assured when you feed Purina Steer Fatena or Beef Chow with stilbestrol that every bite is mixed just right. Bank on Purina

And accurate mixing of stilbestrol is extremely important. You want each steer to get just the to Make Your

right amount every day he's on feed... so he'll

produce maximum gains... so you can go to Feed Dollars

market with an even bunch of cattle. Too much

stilbestrol in the steer's daily ration can prove Count toxic. So rely on Purina's MicroMixing process

to mix and blend every bite just right.

RALSTON PURINA COMPANY Pocatello Denver Spokane Oakland

MARCH 1955 175 Your Question

{Continued from page 142) create: for, behold, I create Jerusalem

a rejoicing, and her people a joy.

"And I will rejoice in Jerusalem, and joy in my people: and the voice

of weeping shall be no more heard in her, nor the voice of crying.

"There shall be no more thence an infant of days, nor an old man that hath not filled his days: for the

child shall die an hundred years old;

but the sinner being an hundred years old shall be accursed."(Isaiah

65:1720. Compare D. & C. 101:2831.)

The gospel will be taught far more intensely and with greater power during the millennium, until all the inhabitants of the earth shall embrace it. Satan shall be bound so that he

cannot tempt any man. Should any

man refuse to repent and accept the gospel under those conditions then he would be accursed. Through the

revelations given to the prophets we learn that during the reign of Jesus

Christ for a thousand years, eventually all people will embrace the truth. Isaiah prophesied of the milFROZEN STEEL. Ordinary steel belennium"The wolfas follows:also shall dwell with

comes brittle at low temperatures. But U. S. Steel the lamb, and the leopard shall lie

recently introduced a completely new alloy known as down with the kid; and the calf and

USS "T-l *."This steel retains its strength and toughthe young lion and the fading toness at high and low temperatures; but even more imgether; and a little child shall lead

portant, it can be welded without need for heat treatthem.

ment. The picture shows a "T-l"welded pressure "And the cow and the bear shall

vessel that survived a blow from a 13ton ingot feed; their young ones shall lie down

dropped 73 feet. The tank was chilled to -22 F. together: and the lion shall eat straw

like the ox.

* Trade Mark "And the sucking child shall play on the hole of the asp, and the weaned child put his hand on the cockatrice'den.

"Thy shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain: for the TATES STEEL earth shall be full of the knowledge

of the Lord, as the waters cover the sea."(Ibid., 11:6-9.)

to the Prophet Joseph Smith Mommy, quotedThis chapter in Isaiah Moroni and said to him it was about to be fulfilled. If the knowledge of the

covers as earth the the waters it's Lord it universalsea, then do the must be ly received. Moreover, the promise

of the Lord through Jeremiah is that MORNING it will no longer be necessary for "... his to teach anyone neighbor,

EVAPORATED saying, shall the for they Lord: Know MILK. "

all know me, from the least of them time! Lord."unto the(Jeremiahgreatest of31:34.)them, saith the

176 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jeff Haywards Good

Impression {Continued from page 165) and hurtled through the air. The

ladder rocked dizzily, and the whole stage seemed to sway and then fall away from him as he lost all sense of balance.

A voice rang out, "Catch him!"

Fingers dug into his shoulders and ribs. Then with a colliding of heads

and tangling of legs the students sprawled on the floor with Jeff on top of the pile.

Mr. Millinger helped him to his

feet, remarked what a close call that was, and then helped the others.

Too embarrassed to say anything

Jeff stood motionless for a moment. For Dignity

Then his eyes caught on the damage and Distinction...

he had done. An ugly arch of black

paint extended across the whole

For Lasting Beauty length of the background, streaks of

...paint running down to the stage and Versatility

floor.

His heart felt like lead. He mutFor Low Cost

tered, "I ruined it."and Low Maintenance...

And then he saw Warren off to the side holding a handkerchief to the side of his head, his shirt covered The ARISTOCRAT of with paint. On the floor near him ALL BUILDING MATERIALS

Jeff saw the paint can sitting upside down. Roman and Norman Brick available

One of the girls squared off in to give you new beauty front of Jeff. "Why don't you go nside as well as out

home?"she snapped.

The whole committee echoed her Vitrified Clay Sewer Pipe that sentiments, but Jeff hurried to Warlastsproudforeverproductsis. another.. made byof our

ren to apologize and offer help.

Warren waved him away. "Stay THE CRAFTSMEN IN CLAY

back. Don't come near me."

"But I'm awfully sorry,"Jeff said, mouth hanging open'.

t+- Rnbff? n "I appreciate that,"Warren reffiffW

plied, looking at his handkerchief Office: 1078 South Isf West Salt Lake City 8, Utah Phone 3-2763

for any sign of blood. "Now go

away."Jeff picked up his jacket and moved toward the wing. He felt a hand on French Style Skillets

his arm. Mr. Millinger said: "Not Sensationally Different

going, are you?"Superbly Styled

"What's the use of staying?"Jeff Warp Resistant

replied. "I really flunked out this Super Durable

time."Incorporate

feature Mr. Millinger frowned. "That Efficienton any every homemakers range. doesn't sound like you."type desire. on fuel. Save

Jeff continued on. He was not so

not that reasoned, stupid, did he he delicate in seal contents of simplify corners removal rounded Gently outpolished to give up. with the At 11 inch sizes in when—and7 tocleaning; 4 know the waterless Available way.stirring, food prepare

priced. covers. Reasonably coppercolored bright or aluminum anodized flavors,aluminum to back. look side door stopped he write: or dealer your local Ask

about wailing committee was The in finish the to background how INC.Utah time REGAL2511 East 3080 WARE,South, Salt Lake City,

(Continued on following page) MARCH 1955 177 JEFF HAYWARD'S GOOD IMPRESSION (Continued from preceding page) concerned about that. I—well—I'm you, Warren. You should have seen

for dress rehearsal tomorrow night. afraid you'd be like a bull in a china yourself the day I put you on the

Some of them pleaded with Warren shop in my art department. Pertrain to New York ten years ago.to stay another day, and he was haps when you are a bit—You were so clumsy and scared I

shaking his head, "No."Mr. Millinger interrupted with a didn't have any hope for you."

It seemed to Jeff they would do laugh and said: "Don't let it bother (Concluded on page 180)

better to stop haggling and pleading and get to work. He pulled the door

open to leave.

Then he heard a voice say: "We'd

be up all night trying to clean up anaid repentance2D tc this mess and finish the background.

So what if the play will have to be Richard L. Evans

postponed? Won't hurt anybody.

I'm going home."FVith, work, patience: To these three elements from a

Jeff was dismayed to see the stu- * formula for the New Year should be added also another dents proceed to put on their coats. repentance. Repentance doesn't appear to be very popular.

He let the door fall shut. In long Prophets have been made martyrs for proclaiming it; nations

strides he returned to the stage, and peoples have died rather than do anything about it.

picked up a rag, and started to wipe But however unpopular or unpalatable, repentance is one of the black paint off the background. the greatest, most satisfying principles that God has given-

"This is no time to walk out,"he for we are none of us perfect; we, none of us, turn in a perfect

said. performance; we are, none of us, without earnest urgent need

Mr. Millinger came quickly to his of the principle of repentance, and without it our lives would

side. "It's no use, Jeff. Let's get our be futile and frustrated. In a sense, any improvement is

sleep and worry about this when we repentance—any straightening of a road, any saving of danger

are all not so upset."or distance; any improving of a process, any abandoning of

old errors or of inefficient ways is repentance. Repentance

is a basic principle of progress. Now as to some, among

many, things to repent of: In this formula for a New Year

LUPIN—we could well consider repentance from procrastination, from

By Novelle V. Watts wasting time, from withholding willing work; repentance for

incurring debts too willingly that we have little prospect of

T")eflecttng blue of cobalt skies repaying; repentance for too little appreciation of our loved

* over, pastures the * Wandering flows, ones, or for what is done for us by others; repentance from clear thisCrystal small stream

And cattle stand knee,-deep in clover. letting life slip by without giving our attention to things that

lupin tall blue swaysThe and wafts, matter most, or for not keeping closer in counsel and comof the essencePerfumed springtime,

And bird song fills the limpid air. panionship to those who mean the most; repentance from

Here, Nature writes a perfect rhyme. indifference to what we ought to be doing; repentance from

brooding too much upon the past; and for too little faith in

the future. Now as to the nature of repentance: It is more

Jeff kept working. He said, "I'm than saying we're sorry, more than embarrassment, more

not upset."than the discomfort of being caught, more than fear, more

than an effort to avoid punishment or penalties. It is a

Then Warren came over to him. sincere change within, a sincere turning away, as suggested

"Aren't you afraid you will lose some by the Savior when he said: "go, and sin no more."1 Such

sleep like the rest of them?"repentance lets us live with ourselves with quiet conscience

Jeff folded his rag to expose a and leads to peace and progress. People have sometimes supclean portion as he replied, "I can posed that repentance was too highpriced. They have

catch up on sleep. Better to do that looked at what they would have to give up, at appetites they

than go to all the trouble of changing would have to curb, at habits they would have to break or the date of the show—tickets being abandon, at things they would have to set aside, and have

sold and baby sitters arranged for forgotten the fact that no matter what the price of repenting, and all."it is never so high as the price of not repenting. Faith, work,

Warren rubbed his chin. His eyes patience, repentance—and no later hour is ever better for the

were troubled. purpose of repenting than this very hour is.

Mr. Millinger beamed at Jeff and ijohn 8:11.

said, "Now you sound like your old self. I'll stay and help you, Jeff."

Jke Spoken l/Uord from temple SQUARE

Warren paced around nervously. PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Twice he opened his mouth to speak SYSTEM, JANUARY 9, 1955 but said nothing. Finally he said: Copyright, 1955

"This clumsiness of yours, Jeff—I'm

178 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ft y 1

PLUMBERS )h {Heating, Air - BAKERS BARBE j 1AOw** PETROLEUMREFINING...! i. I Conditioning (oil employees) AAUU PAINTERS,DECORATORSPAPERERS49 103

Copper Keeps

RESTAURANT - EMPLOYEES GROCERY 346., EMPLOYEES 562 103 Barbers in Business

The 103 barbers are a portion of the 24,000 Utahns not on Utah Copper's payroll whose jobs result from production. copper TEACHERS SCHOOL n

& ADMIN. DOCORS, I,2VO A. DENT iSTS 126 figures come from studies which show that PERSONNEL These

for every job in a basic industry like Utah Copper, approximately four additional jobs are created elsewhere in the State to meet company and employee needs.* 6T This means that for the 6,000 Utah Copper employPHARMACISTS 78 (recittered) 389 ees, 24,000 other jobs are created in Utah. That's more

than 9 per cent of all the people employed. Apply that

percentage to the State's 1114 barbers and we find fta copper keeps 103 of them in business. The surrounding illustrations show how this 9 per um

cent applies to a few other job classifications in Utah. LAUNDRYM;n 110 FARMERS 3/600

Apply the percentage to all classifications and you can see how important copper production is to the prosperity of the whole State.

Utah Copper can create jobs only when costs of operation are at a reasonable level so it can compete - FILLING STATION 1,86 successfully with other producers who sell copper. PRINTERSPUBLISHERS&

EMPLOYEES 214 Costs of supplies, services, labor and taxes help determine the extent of the benefits of copper production—benefits that reach out to every home in our State.

#<f'Utah's Economic Patterns,"Bureau ofBusiness and Economic Research, University of Utah, 1953.

OEPT MOTION PICTURE.

EMPLOYiES STORE 418 AMUSEMENT 236

Kennecott Copper Corporation "1 %, j| 5

BEAUTICIANS A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah DAIRYPRODUCTS 75 ( licensed 24b

MARCH 1955 179 JEFF HAYWARDS GOOD IMPRESSION

(Concluded from page 178) took special care to plant each foot PROTECT 77*i Warren's eyes brightened and he firmly on each step. Warren left the

laughed. "Coming from you, Mr. stage to go to the showers and borMillinger, I'll have to believe that."rowed a T-shirt.

Then he said more seriously: "It's

rest of the the be outdone Not to to forget easy some things—especially

his kept Jeff joined in, and Let's get to group to be tolerant. how

work."head out of the clouds even though

Going farther up the ladder Jeff he was painting them.

KOLOB Provides Complete Coverage Want to know how much insurance r4oappmete.... you need for your home... and the pp

right kind to buy? Your local Kolob Richard L. Evans

Agent can furnish the answers to these and other insurance questions you may have. He has policies for every purTt hasn't been long since, frequently and freely, we were

stock strong combacked by pose—year. * for another happiness new wishing one another

... of assure can you panies and

it and has passed, part of that year Already an impressive settlement. fair Consult claim prompt,

him today! isn't too soon to consider whether or not we have come any

A GENERAL INSURANCE AGENCY closer to finding the happiness we so much wished for one

COMPLETE LLOYD'S FACILITIES another. Happiness is the most pursued thing in all the

world. All men are looking for it, whether they know it or

not. Our Founding Fathers knew its place and importance

when they listed it along with life and liberty. Happiness

is properly life's chief pursuit, and there is no special virtue

Salisbury, Mgr. Frank

livlong-faced BLDG., SALT LAKE 330 JUDGE

1 But like most CITY ing—forin unhappiness,"men are,therethatistheyno mightspecialhavevirtuejoy."in

things, happiness is often misunderstood, often mistaken, and often missed. One doesn't find it always where he might

suppose, and frequently finds it where it seems less likely but whatever its variations from person to person, real happiness always has within it some indispensable essentials, quite apart from passing or trivial pleasures, quite apart from hilarity or lightheaded laughter, or dangerous thrills, or WUROWN cynical satisfactions. Sometimes happiness is confused with

FLOUR! what is sometimes called success. But success itself may need

another look. Success is not just indiscriminately more and

Enjoy more of everything; it is not just indiscriminately going and

finer flavor right the want we want—if greater and

it's place. right the nutrition of %(6 getting.thing. It Itis isarrivinggetting wherewhat wewe want—if

if isn't wheat whole successful he considered be scarcely could one

... And grain didn't he considered scarcely happy if be could and happy,

resbly ground! I have a wholeness and wholesomeness of life, integrity, work,

love, a people, food for element other every appreciation selfrespect, is ft service, Everincreasing retained! TOWRITE

in popularity of sense a of and wanted, being sense a ft for belonging, of prices—FREE sense

that Everyone knows (( facfsl DAYrecipes—food to faith survive cereal other with purpose, eternal bread and purpose—permanent, (

with whole foods made fear. Going, to faith outface setbacks and freshly grain sorrows and ground the FLOUR SPECIALOFFER—

richer is tastier far and for introcoupon is Send this: as essential so are not these o-cttins:, nutriin healthgiving arriving—even offer of 5-lb. ductory

it's the ments. And pkg., Smith Deaf wheat—road. right This the the on of way, being on awareness an somewhere wise home richflour, America's

it. is thing about done in of elements, est an food essentials chief is of the one surely happiness—with

select -Minn., Wis. or the efficient, Rapid—everlastlimitless, is life purposeful, and flour stone also that wheat awareness—Electric Household Lee

it's the ground day FlourMill reduceswhole to that happiness lead principles the sound that same shipped. ing, and for fluffy flour grain to

fraction penny of a a to happiness hereafter. lead CO. here ENGINEERING all.fc LEE of pound. a

3, Wis. Milwaukee it's STONE BestGROUND—2:25. ill Nephi

LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, Dept., O.G.

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 3, Wis.

DEAF SMITH FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.50 Jhe Spoken Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

WIS. -MINN. FLOUR, 5- lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.00 PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Name SYSTEM, JANUARY 16, 1955 Copyright, 1955 Street

City State THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 180 In Time of Need Only LUMBERJACK SYRUP (Continued {rom page 163) lay twelve dead, weeks, he to be makes em taste so GOOD!

buried on the plains...."

Clarissa now became completely wordless as her visitor renewed his contemplation. Perhaps she would

do better to sit, folded hands on apron, eyes downcast, rather than to search her soul for further topics.

Abruptly, he veered from family problems and recalled the trail ordeal of the last two months, before his men, some Delaware Indians, some

Mexicans, and some white men from the over face of the earth were rescued dripping with the Clarissa townspeople. by her When

asked what food they had lived on, mel lo maple flavor

Fremont mentioned beaver, grass seed secured from some Ute Indians, of LUMBERJACK young porcupines, and a lame horse.—the syrup that

of her the tragic Then he told circumstances Trail Eagle on when makes breakfast twentytwo men clasped hands and taste better!

made a pledge of unity, saying, "If we are to die, let us die together like men."And after a pause, when each Enjoy these other Nalley's foods, too

Chips Beef Stew—Potatohad half whispered, "So help me, Mayonnaise Dressing Tang Salad

God,"they made a compact to stand by each other to the end. And for

one it was to freeze to death in the shadows of the Wasatch within hours of rescue—then to be prepared for

the grave by the sympathetic hands of a Latterday Saint Relief Society sister. His ten Delawares had suffered less than the two Mexicans or welledthe white explorers, topographers, or m\SS\0l\OT

the scientifically trained men in his Mate to company; now they owed their very

lives to the kind people of Parowan. <*>th o

Tears streamed down Clarissa's quoVrtY cheeks as knowledge of such desperhighprogtam ate suffering came to her from their at leader.noble This guided man had possi\b\e

lowest all for of one the dreamhis men day.fflste

vindicating his plan that a railroad cost.

coula be built cutting the Rockies in two. Through her tears she prayedthat no further delay would befall m i

so valiant a man, so intent on achievgraph- ing his goal, and so homesick for hislonely family a full continent away. The cost -

Then, as suddenly changing his * cents permood by shaking his head, resolutely, %\g he arose. He glanced out of the

door, but not yet sighting Carvalho, he Clarissa bade adieu by saying quite formally, "I really as the i,,rt Phone 4-258 came, commanding officer of the expedition, to thank you for your every effort in behalf of my men. But for your unceasing care, and that of the other

Mormon women of the settlement, (Continued on following page) DesejStM'SL

MARCH 1955.

In lime of Need NOW FROM WURLITZER \ none (Continuedof us wouldfrombeprecedingalive today.page) We

a new church organ especially are in your debt as your own condition must have often made duties in the aid of my friends with high fidelity your very difficult."And turning, he left

for a long traditional tone Clarissa to feel his presence time.

During its development we believed that Qcarcely had she lifted the soup the new Wurlitzer Church Organ would offer the most liturgical tone in the eleckettle to a warmer place on the tronic organ field. Now we're sure of it. ingenious iron frame her husband

little called, forged, had when New reason is that the Wurlitzer Organ One is the drawing "Mamma, man the of only natural has source musical w-w tone in the entire electronic organ field ing!"Carvalho eased his tall framecom-

—the famous Wurlitzer Reed. onto a threelegged stool near the

Another reason is Wurlitzer's table and placed his hands over sadall-new highfidelity sound sysdened eyes. Then, he recounted his

tem which assures finer tone chance visit to the household of becolors and truer fidelity to tradireavement; Carvalho, drawn by their

tional organ voices. sorrow, yet knowing only one way to

Be sure to hear the new Wurlend his strength, had slipped unlitzer. You'll be pleased with its noticed into the oneroom log home,

magnificent tone—and surprised now silent for lack of childish laughby its modest price. ter. He gazed upon the quiet presence, and noted the look of sweet

SEND FOR FREE rest upon the brow of this little one

CHURCH ORGAN whose earth life was so soon comFUND-RAISING KIT pleted. Then, with resolution born

lofph Wurlitzer Company of instant inspiration, he eagerly

Wurlitzer New Organ. Dept. 1-53, North Tonawanda, N. Y. sketched the face of the child, ruffled

start Prices with Spinette $1325. F.O.B. North Please send me your free fundraising kit bonnet, and delicate pillow as its

Tonawanda, New York. Also information on your new church organ frame, while the little body lay

in its pine box. white Name—cushioned

completed it, heWurlFTzer had When he

Address quickly placed the likeness near the thinking City. County State. infant hands. not to And Music'sOrgansRichest Voice L in disturb their deepest the parents

grief, lacking expressive words, he trod lightly, left the home, and hurried to Clarissa's cabin.

Man Taking Steps Clarissa began to see pathos unfold at her after all, somefeet—perhaps,

thing really had happened in this

Toward Deciding to end of the trail village to interest her children's children. She felt an inillumination, longer no and was Order an Extension ner

frontier. the discouraged with life on

Telephone {\n the morning of the fourteenth

V'day, their recuperative stay at an end, Fremont's fifth expedition was

It's no fun rolling out of bed and trotting downstairs on the move once more. Supply

to answer your telephone in the wee small hours, it's wagons were readied, an honorary, much handier to have an extension telephone beside mounted escort saddled to see them your bed. safely out of the Great Basin, last

In in the the basement, kitchen extension too an—eagerly said to the goodbyes now will save cost is inconvenience. the steps you and And signal the only departing explorers; only cents Call business day. a a few telephone your

office now. to move was awaited tensely as the

P.S. In spite of certain shortages, extension telephones can be townspeople lined up to give a proper

provided since they do not require additional outside wire 01 Godspeed. The Parowan women had

central office equipment. become the friend in need to sufferers

THE MOUNTAIN STATES TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH COMPANY in their midst.

Carvalho's wagon, headed north to 182 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Salt Lake City with conference officials, jerked forward as the feet of the oxen braced for the pull. A bonneted figure darted from the roadside,

reached tiptoe, and handed a basket to the artist. Carvalho raised the lid flL with

a gift of eggs, butter, tand loaves, from a grateful heart!

Many years passed. Fremont's

steps ranged across the fast expanding nation from west to east and back again many times. In Los Angeles,one evening, before a vast audience, UTOCO

he was asked by an antiMormon lecturer, Kate Field, to introduce her to the listeners.

John Charles Fremont, not wishing by either word or deed to show ingratitude to his benefactors of '54, declined. And turning to those near Finest gasoline,

him, recounted briefly that the

Latterday Saints had saved him and oil, fuel oil andhisexpedition—thereforemen from starvationhe oncouldhis fifthnot motor

introduce the speaker of the evening.

other petroleum products The Taming of Tessa

(Continued from page 158) in 46 years.father were pals. In the past few

years she had even learned to cook and keep house, so that sometimes they had meals by themselves instead of in the bunkhouse with the loggers.

Whv did her father want it otherwise? You expect more

She'd show them, she resolved bitterly, that they couldn't put one over on her. All Miss Thatcher's smiles from Utoco... and get it!

and pleasantries, Mrs. Tanner's gentle admonitions would accomplish

nothing. They weren't going to

make a lady out of her.

Tessa wrapped herself in a cloak UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY of sullenness. In school and at home

she was cold and aloof. She saw the

unhappy looks thrown her way but ignored them. As soon as she got

home from school she tore off the hated dressup clothes, and climbed into her beloved jeans.

With winter approaching it was too cold to go rowing or walking, FOR A FAMILY OF 5 'N DAD: MOM

FRIEDand she took refuge in the store. CHICKENNeither Mr. Tanner nor Billy seemed with Mushroom SauceSTEAK

to notice that anything was wrong, TossedButteredGreenFreshSaladVegetablewith French DressingPotato and she was least unhappy with them. Roll Dessert Beverage

Joyce, the little Indian girl, remained Choice of four3 CHILDREN:special western dishes

her faithful and devoted shadow, from our children's menu chattering endlessly whether or not Roll PotatoBeverageVegetableIce CreamSalador Jello she received any reply.

for the entire family One wintry afternoon when she $450 came into the store Billy was filling an order for a mother and daughter HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE (Continued on following page) TEMPLE VIEW DINING ROOM & COFFEE SHOP

MARCH 1955 183 The Taming of Tessa

(Continued from preceding page) who lived together on a remote homestead several miles from Seldovia.

They were dressed in heavy boots and men's clothing, their faces weatherbeaten and drawn by work and in Tone and Touch exposure.

"My hat's off to them,"Tessa reThe One and Only marked to Billy after the two women left the store. "Somebody told me

they built their own cabin, and they work like a couple of men."

"So what?"Billy commented indifEven the smallest part of your Wicks organ is fashioned ferently. "That doesn't make them

as a with care by proud hand craftsmen who follow an ancient men. Why not be a success

instead of a failure trying to tradition. Tonal and mechanical perfection are assured woman

copy a man?"

with Wicks'exclusive direct electric action. Tessa made no reply, but lapsed

Nothing can interpret the spiritual beauty of your church into a thoughtful silence. For the

service like the music of a great pipe organ. And no first time she wondered what Billy

thought of her.

church need be without it, for Wicks provides the finest The boy's remark rankled in Tessa's pipe organs in just about every price range. A letter mind. She told herself angrily that

will bring you complete information. she didn't care what he thought of

her. If she wanted to live in jeans

and comb her hair like a boy, it was none of his affair. She could not

help feeling that he disapproved

WICKS ORGAN COMPANY though, and it raised a wall between them.

That left only Joyce. Tessa tried

that wandered A perfect reportedto listen everypolitelythoughtwhile the little girl first daily companion W.herever you go—to the Tessathroughwasheramused,baby butmind.graduallyAt

trips or office or shop, on sense of boredom and loneliness nearSco- the journeys extended short—the POCKET a her. ly overpowered easily Bible field can Reference

accompany you. In the new "I'll go crazy if I have to listen to

pocket edition, printed on Joyce for one more minute,"she

Oxford India paper, the comwailed as she ran into the kitchen plete Scofield Bible is only ahead of the little girl.

3 5/s"wide, 5 7/1G "long and %"Mrs. Tanner, flushed and rosy

thick, small enough to fit easily from cooking supper, turned startled into a coat pocket or purse. A eyes on Tessa as she flung herself REFERENCE truly perfect companion is Scoonto a stool in a corner.

field Bible 17x, with a leather "She loves you, Tessa,"Mrs. TanRIRLE lined binding of genuine Moner reminded Tessa in a tone of quiet softness rocco that combines

and beauty with the durability rebuke.

a pocket Bible needs for daily "Oh, I know,"Tessa moaned carrying and handling. Bound guiltily. "But honestly, I'm not inin the popular half circuit style, terested in what a fiveyear-old has

with round corners and gold to say, hour after hour."

edges, Scofield Bible 17x is Mrs. Tanner nodded. "That's

at priced $13.00 and is availtrue. We all prefer the company of able in black, blue or red. someone nearer our own age."

THE SCOFIELD REFERENCE BIBLE The remark, uttered casually and | More than 30 styles, seemingly without guile, struck a from $3.25 to $35.00 chord in Tessa's heart. She gazed at

At your booksellers Mrs. Tanner with keen intensity. Her

OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS, Inc. words came slowly as the thought

114 Fifth Avenue, New York 1 grew in her mind.

"Do you suppose I bored my father, the way Joyce bores me?"

184 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

'OVEMiT Carefully Mrs. Tanner set down

casserole shethe had pulled hot out JESSIE turned and facedof oven. She the

Tessa. "I think your father was lonely EVANS SMITH for a companion to share his own interests,"she replied hesitantly.

"When you were together, did he SINGS ever talk over his problems with you?"SEVEN L.D.S. INSPIRED

Silently Tessa reviewed her memories. Always she was running to her RELIGIOUS SONGS

father with her interests and trials. Available in 45 or 78 Speed Nonbreakable Vinylite

With a flash of insight she realized Records. Also Sheet Music and Octavo.

that they were pals because he made They Found Him in the The Heavens Were Opened effort, action anythe not through Smith's Joseph (Based on Temple only, $1.50 78

part. visit to at (Story Jesus'of the Record: the Temple heron 75c Music, Sheet First*Vision)Octavo, 25c '55. '54, for of 12) Primary theme age LDS

telling like "I always Joyce, was of Evening Hush The Record: $1.50 45, $1.16 78,

(Recites the Beauties of a Full and Wellhim things. I never thought that Sheet Music, 75c * Octavo, 20c lived Life)

78, $1.50 $1.16 Record: 45, in other he was interestedmaybe

60c in God's Music, Walked Garden Q Sheet

Ithings."(Who Care) That Should God I Am

Sitting by Window My 45, $1.16 78, $1.50 is sharing, order Record: "Life Tessa. In Easter Theme) (An

Sheet Music, 75c 25c Octavo, *Q $1.50 Record: $1.16 45, considerto happy, be truly you must 20c 60c Music, Sheet * Octavo,78,

the God happiness of others even above Knows Is Clean Every That Heart (Based Biblical on Salvaof Plan PreExistent Theme That God Knows (Based on theyour own."Fall the of Every Sparrow) tion)

78 only, 78 only, idea the Record: struck with Tessa The

60c Sheet Music, Sheet Music, 75c $1.50 * Octavo, 20c $1.50 * Octavo, 20c Record: of aroseforce she a blow. Slowly

desired. voices *lndicate

and went to her bedroom. She stood I 2130SUGARS. 11thHOUSEEast,MUSICSalt LakeCO. City, Utah Postage extra.

in front of the mirror and stared at Gentlemen: Enclosed find $ for which send the above

her reflected image. So this was checked songs. (Utah residents add 2% Sales Tax.)

growing up, realizing that other peo- I Name ple had a right to happiness, too. Street

She sighed deeply, then shrugged City and State her shoulders as though shaking off of has hatred been shethe burden

Ifcarrying. she HART BROS. up, she grow had to

might as well make a good job of it.

her pickedShe up and comb fluffed SUGAR2130 South 11th East HOUSE MUSICSalt LakeCOCity, Utah that so hair a goldenout her it made nimbus around her face. Her skirt

and blouse lay on the bed where she had thrown them. She had better

change now. After dinner she would

go and apologize to Miss Thatcher.

Then she grinned. Maybe this

business of being a lady wouldn't MORE JOBS... than we can fill

be so bad,'after all. She wondered

reallyif Billy would teach her how for THOROUGHLY trained office workers to dance. ask she would Tomorrow

him.

L.D.S. OFFERS TRAINING IN A WIDE VARIETY OF SUBJECTS

Accounting Business Machines English Typewriting

NOW FINDING BLUE Shorthand (Gregg Simplified, Machine, HySpeed Longhand)

By Elaine V. Emans

Send for KIT YOUR I blue becauseT'ill have remembered now of helpful BUSINESS COLLEGE the to forget not I have wanted way does, information lupine as slope a en masse,It climbed UNIVERSITY BRANCH OF BRIGHAM YOUNG timidly, through signaledOr to me gray 70 North Main - 3-2765—Salt lake City

set clouds,Persistent a jewel or seemed of with filagree earth in theDeep L.D.S. pine TO: BUSINESS COLLEGE

it, or clothedEncircling a child I met 70 Salt Lake City, Utah North Main St.,

In glory half of pixie, half divine. Please send me your KIT of helpful information containing Ways To Improve Personality,

Business Careers, How To Be A Super Secretary, and other material.

I I turned that had never knowBut now before, fully to blue faced peered Name norAnd

Into the very soul of it, nor learned Address

City State..NowIts flamefindingis tobluebe boththat willadorednot andlet mefearedbe

In your eyes, darling, when you turn to me. J

MARCH 1955 185 Melchizedek

shine forth for the benefit of others. In

High Priests ahoodlocalincapacity,the Churchthere iswhichno bodyshouldof priestexcel, or who are expected to excel, those who are in priest office of high the to bear called is present. priest not the high whenOffice and Calling of High Priests stead

hold those who For among the Church. to are elder adminpriest high and The

First—Calling of High Priests covenantsister in spiritualand commandmentsthings, agreeable ofto thethe thisstakesofficeand aretheirchosencounselors,the presidentsand theofhighthe

the bishbishops, office the are and chosen offices of these in all the church whenThegloriouscalling of a high priest is a church; and they have a right to officiate councils of the stakes of Zion, and from this of the one. most Many 6 in Zion. in counselors ops'every ward present. authorities are higher no lived on there have saintly men who rule, office a are, as this holding men... Those

experience, in years, calling variedthis of "the that earth and advanced held priests High have the particular filled abroad, missions have who who men after the Order PriesthoodHoly of responsibility of presiding, so when of nations to the the gospel preached have for example, of Adam, God";the Son called All upon. bishoprics experience not earth, the had have who are and who

Seth, Enos, Cainan, Mahalaleel, not literal descendants of Aaron, high only abroad but at home. Their experience

is of of fruit years were Methuselah, ripened Enoch,Jared, wisdom and and counselors, stake presidencies, the and 1 exerin they should the labor Church, and 7 priests. soughtall Abraham high First priests. are Presidency high all of cise benefit with for the that wisdom the to fordiligently appointment an 8 associated. are they whom Are of high Men Second—Type Who to be "apriesthood, namely,

priest, holding the right belonging to Ordained High Priests Fourth—Ordaining Brethren High

the fathers."2 Jehovah said unto Since the calling of a high priest Priests

so that important, it is expectedhim: is Since the members of the stake

to this office those are ordained who

.... all.. presidency of are in charge Melson, Abraham, my proved priesthood in the should have

I will Behold, thee lead hand, by my chizedek Priesthood in stake the work to faith, stability, devotion their and I thee, will take to thee putand upon my (the stake president the chairbeing they that in a the such the father, of Priesthood Church even way thyname, man of the Melchizedek Priesthoodand my power shall be over thee. 3 can be depended upon to stand firm

these committee), be brethren should all circumstances. true under and office to ordination the Abraham's the foregoing suggestions guided by righteous who be should men They priest receivedof from a high was selecting to in the ordained be men all of to striving keep earnestly are

priest great the highMelchizedek, priests. prospective high high These are and who commandments God's

after priesthood the was priests selected are or whom nominated by talents their time and consecrating of also the king (JeruSalemnamed, presidency, the the stake approved by and of the Church for upbuilding the in the mentionedsalem). As was elders'sevencouncil, or the high by earth. the upon 1 here kingdom first three the 1954,Era, ties October come, from they quorums which

high priests over this earth, standing Third—Duty of High Priests to by the bishopric for worthiness, and

in order named, are Jehovah, or Jesus Keep the Commandments presented to and approved by the

Christ; Michael, or Father Adam; and President Joseph F. Smith emphabody of the Church. Then they are

Gabriel, or Noah. 4 In addition to sized strongly that it was the duty of ordained high priests by the stake

that of Mediator, Christ holds the disevery high priest to keep the compresidency. The procedure as outtinction of being the Only Begotten mandments and to set a good example lined in the Melchizedek Priesthood

Son, the Lord, the Savior, and the to the membership of the Church. To Handbook is as follows:

Redeemer of the world. The other quote: (1) The stake president or his

great prophets and leaders in gospel counselor assigned shall interview office holds of high the Every who man as Abraham, suchdispensations, candidate, the having answer him in ordained or has the Church, been Elijah, priest Moses,Isaac, Jacob, Joseph, the side the reverse questions on is called priest, to whether high he a

Isaiah, Lehi, Peter, James, and John, active position in the Church or not—inasof the form, "Recommendation for

apostles, as ordained has high been a other he were muchand Christ's Priestin the Ordination Melchizedek is feel obligated, that he priests. 5 priest—should in modernhigh We read his hood,"and sign name.

it to set is his duty, exthat bounden an revelation:

old before the of and worthy ample young stake president shall (2) The then to posiplace in emulation, himself a and priests obtain after of the signature the order the MelHigh of the bishop and of to righteousness, tion a teacher be not officiate to Priesthoodchizedek a right have the president of elders'the or sevenparticularly only but precept more by by their direction standing, thein under own ties'of quorum the which candidate the the younger beneones spiritualof presidency, the in administering example—giving

of fit of is a age, the thus experience beand member. elder, alsothings, of office in the and an

in individually the a midst coming power (ofpriest Levitical order), the teacher, of the high council (3) Approval dwells. of the Every he in which communitydeacon, and member. be secured. let light should that should has light who man officiate right to has a in his An elder

shine, that those who see it may glorify their (4) Following this the applicant's 107:53. 1D. & C. is in heaven, Father honor and him which be for 1:2. presented the name shall ap2Abraham

it light the causes who possesses and who 1:1718. *Ibid., to proval of the priesthood of stake. the Fielding Joseph Smith, Teachings of the Prophet

Joseph Smith, pp. 157158; D. & C. 107:5356. D. & C. 107:1012.

BOp. cit., Smith, p. 158. ''Ibid., 107:6873. 8Joseph F. Smith, Gospel Doctrine, pp. 227228.

186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

Preferably this should be done at a who have been ordained to the office and not to the entire stake priesthood. This

stake priesthood meeting; but if conof high priest. is already the practice in the seventies'

ditions arise which prevent its being All presiding officers—both stake quorums.

done there, recommendations for and ward—who are members of this Third—-Purposes of High Priests'

ordinations in the Melchizedek Priestquorum should have a lively union Quorums hood may be presented at one of the with it, not a dead connection. They The Melchizedek Priesthood quogeneral sessions of a stake quarterly should be united with the quorum in rums, including the high priests'quoconference, and not at the priesthood such a way that they give it all the rums, provide organizations through

leadership meeting of a stake quarterforce that they can impart for good. which the purposes of the Lord with

ly conference. They should give it their individual respect to the priesthood may be more

(5) Upon receiving the approval influence, their hearty support, their completely accomplished. The high

of the priesthood of the stake, the confidence, and the benefit of their priests'quorums have two chief purcandidate will be ordained under the advice and counsel. Monthly quoposes, as outlined in the Melchizedek

direction of the stake presidency and rum meetings should be held at a Priesthood Handbook:

the presidency of the high priests'time when no other meetings are held quorum, and then the form, "Recomin order to provide opportunity for (1) To help every individual member of mendation for Ordination in the Melstake presidencies, high counselors, the quorum and his family, to attain a conin wellbeing of thorough mind, body, clerks dition ward filed bishoprics, and and stake will be Priesthood,"chizedek spirit. of a Every and holding need man their quorum at extract to be in attendance clerk so he may the stake with priesthood should the the of be concern

the necessary information for the meetings. the quorum to which he belongs.

stake record. The quorum organization consists (2) To help the Church itself in the ac-

(6) The Melchizedek Priesthood of a president, two counselors, and complishmentupon it by trainingof the divineand developingduties imposedquoHandbook, page 62, gives the follow- a secretary. rum members to understand and perform

the work in which the Church is engaged. 10 ing information: Second—Installation of High Priest

Presidencies Quorum In order to carry out all quorum a high ordained been person has a When Presidents of high priests'quorums functions objectives, and of priests'"Certificate high receive a priest, should he

Ordination"signed by the president and are to be chosen by the stake presiquorums must keep in mind the of the high "Certifiapproval the the of with quorum. The secretary dency the threefold resting duty the upon

certifito the attached of Ordination,"cate subare appointments council. Such Church, namely: the keep (1) to and detached completed, cate, be should and to the acceptance ject, however, of members in the Church the way in which clerk of the ward to the sent ward

the newly ordained candidate is resident in sustaining vote of the quorum memof their full duty, (2) to teach the order to provide the proper information for bership and the approval of the visitgospel to those who have not yet should certificates of These the ward records. of the Council ing member it it, the heard or accepted to provide (3)

as preserved an evidence be carefully Assistant to the or the Counof Twelve for the dead, the through ordinances ordination.

Upon presentation of a "Certificate of cil of the Twelve, by whom they are of the temple the means by which the

Ordination,"a person may be admitted to be set apart. "It is not necessary dead, if obedient, may participate in

to membership in his quorum by vote of to submit their names to the First the blessings that are enjoyed by those the provided has he members, quorum Presidents approval. for been Presidency citizenship in the have merited who of in the accepted as a which ward member in conmay, quorums of high priests'of high Thus, every God. kingdom If resides. "Certifinot a he he does have

cate of Ordination"and the membership sultation with the stake presidency, priests'quorum, in order to magnify record card upon which he is received in choose their own counselors who, its opportunities and justify its existthe his this priesthood, record names ward set approved, properly may be when its for develop ence, must members 9 as that holds should accepted he evidence be presidency."the stake apart by in fitness these three to aid greater is office specified, unless there the to proof

the contrary. It is again called to your attention great divisions of Church activity.

that a change in procedure was made

High Priests'Quorums and announced in the December Duties, Responsibilities, and

First—Quorum Organization and 1953, Era, as follows: Obligations of High Priests

Membership Sustaining quorum presidencies: In the The duties, responsibilities, and obEach stake in Zion has an organpast, in sustaining presidencies of high ligations of quorum members, directed

ization called the high priests'quorum priests'presentedandto elders'the entirequorumsstake theypriesthoodhave beenfor by quorum presidencies for the comto which belong all high priests of approval. This practice is to be disconplete realization of quorum purposes

the Church living within the stake tinued. and objectives, have been outlined in

confines. The membership of the From now on, after approval by the stake detail in previous articles and so they

high priests'quorum, therefore, indenciespresidencyof highand priests'the highand elders'council,quorumspresido not necessitate repeating here; for

cludes the stake presidency, the high should be presented for sustaining vote to example, high priests'quorums and counselors, bishops and their counthe quorums over which they will preside (Concluded on page 207) selors, stake patriarchs, and all others Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook, p. 66. Ibid., p. 16.

MARCH 1955 187 It*Presiding

Why Young Women Respect Young Men Who Honor the Priesthood They Hold

(Address delivered by JoAnn Johnson foundation of a good home; a good

during a recent quarterly conference of clean environment must be chosen.

the Logan (Utah) Stake. Bishop Thorpe This is a lifetime project, not just a

B. Isaacson of the Presiding Bishopric hobby to be toyed with now and then.

represented the General Authorities in If built properly it will hold out the the conference.) storms and temptations of life, and repairs will not necessary. be Only when of people respect? kind do weWhat it becomes or damaged destroyed in

profess to Certainly those not who it some will way necessary be to mend live can't to their something, up be and it, is this and undesirable when ele-

I inrespect standards. ideals and an JoAnn Johnson ments enter that life cold make and his will convicdividual stand by who meaningless. This wall cannot be hidis right. tions he he knows One when den. Everyone will be it. able see to delegated The to give boy order the

is life in greatest of goals to gain the After this wall lost has his voice, a to seemingly and before had swallow good of assoapproval our respectthe and start, it be may could get in out, damaged he a glasses "Four beer, of number are begins desire ciates. This we when of ways. please."getting were They braver and older, as small, grow butvery we we bolder a welldressed when came man is it also to that important realize more

into the bar Lesson to and their walked table A From Away Home of approval respect our and thehave with such a it left determined pace

Father.heavenly I As example, an like to would use the boys completely unnerved. The

I to respect a the wants hold boy who "experience an of four boys who LDS his extended to of the man one hand of priesthood the wall protectingstrong set out from a city crossUtah a on "I said, boys pardon, and beg but your ofclose him. This the around wall trip, country as related by Ralph Hardy aren't (calling the you father boy's by built bepriesthood should the on in the Junior MenJunior Gleaner M son name) from boy's Utah?"The

Manual 195455: hand froze on his beer glass, and he

They had saved their money for a managed to say weakly, "Why, yes,

Three Brothers Set Record long time, and now that graduation was sir, I am."The gentleman, stating his

over, they said their goodbyes and piled name, said, "I'm vicepresident of the in the car. They were on their way. company your father works for. I met

After they had crossed the state line, you and your mother last winter at a they got out to see how it felt to be on company dinner. I have never fortheir own for the first time in their gotten how you explained your Mormon

lives. They agreed right then they priesthood to one of our executives who

would not act like country bumpkins, asked you what it meant to be a Morbut like seasoned travelers. One of the mon boy. I must say I was a little

boys suggested they forget all about surprised to see you head for the bar, being Mormons and let their hair down but I suppose boys will be boys when for once. They wanted to find out they're off the roost, whether they're

what excitement they had been missing Mormons or not."

all this time. "Anyway,"one said, The boys were heartsick and ashamed

"what difference will it make—-nobody as they left the bar, and they felt as

out here in the world knows us anyway, if every eye were watching them. When

or cares whether we have any church they got out into the fresh air, the boy connections."They decided to give it who had proposed they lose their true

a try, and agreed to pretend they were identity, shrugged and said, "You just students from the east attending school can't win."The other boy to whom

in Utah. They had to say Utah bethe stranger had spoken replied, 'Tm

cause of their license plates. not so sure. If we have any sense left

That night they found themselves in we can profit greatly from this experiLoyd Cook a big tourist attraction spot, and after ence. Whom are we trying to kid, anyEIRoy Cook Boyd Cook they had eaten, they decided now would way?"

be a good time to sample some of the

EIRoy and his twin brothers, Loyd things their parents and teachers had A Great Test Ahead and Boyd, are all members of the deacautioned them against. They wancons'quorum, Pocatello Eighteenth dered into the lobby of the hotel, and The boy in the incident just related

Pocatello Stake.Ward, (Idaho) West of in corner the one they room saw a the one the owned who car—probably Each has maintained a of them one large light the with neon words it. "BAR great thought a deal of Yet he would

hundred percent record of attendance beer and cocktails."Each agreed to never deliberately put anything into the

at priesthood and sacrament meetings order a glass of beer, since this would motor which would damage it persince he was ordained a deacon. be sinning just a little bit. manently. Surely he should think more

188 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

"Duly to God"Award Perfect Attendance Records

PlymAshby, Verel New Is Not Priesthood Award (Idaho) Weiser outh Ward, to God"award, sponfew records of perfect atThe new "Duty Stake, established one of the sored by the YMMIA, is not to be tendance at priesthood and confused with Aaronic Priesthood sacrament meetings for the awards, neither the individual award fullAaronicsevenPriesthoodyears program.in the

nor the Aaronic Priesthood pin. All Verel was recently ordained

correspondence concerning the "Duty an elder and is now attendto God"award, including applications ingsity. Brigham Young Univertherefor, should be directed to the Ronald Leavitt, Las Vegas

YMMIA and not to the Presiding BishSecond Ward, Las Vegas opric. (Nevada) Stake, has six

However, the "Duty to God"award yearspriesthoodof perfectandattendancesacramentat program does specify that a boy must meetings to his credit. Ronqualify for the individual Aaronic ald is determined to go the

Priesthood award during each of the Verel Ashby Ronald Leavitt full seven years without an four years in which he qualifies acabsent mark.

cording to the requirements of the

YMMIA and Sunday School to estabindecision when important problems AWARD RECORD FOR JANUARY lish his eligibility. arise. If he honors his priesthood, he

will not get far off the track. He can During the month of January, the

remain true to the ideals of the gospel Presiding Bishopric approved the and return home with not only the relargest number of awards issued in of himself than he does of his autospect of others but also with the respect any one month to date. We are

mobile. Then why are young L D S of himself. happy to present your record as

boys and girls even tempted to take A boy has a great challenge in this follows:

they their bodies into which things to privilege have is sacred It a Church. 1 awards Stake inflict harm? know priestas the possession priceless a such 146 awards Ward critical period a in living are will boys seriousminded We hood. The 677 seals 100% great a have especially boys today. The authority. The priesthood their honor awards Individual will be of for them most responsibility, encourage should girls the in Church 1,329 Priests fill the armed in a term to called upon so. to do them 1,364 Teachers tests greatest their of forcas. one Here realize all the that I pray may we 1,809 Deacons will they this time begin. During will of blessings privileges and wonderful 4,502 ind. awards Total of our are not associate with who many respect honor and priesthood and the pins 1,250 Priesthood Aaronic ideals different and will faith, have who it the Lord. before magnify those who

standards. They may be stationed in

foreign countries where standards of living are altogether different. A boy DEACONS'QUORUM, LONG BEACH FIFTH WARD, EAST LONG BEACH

must be prepared to face these probabili- (CALIFORNIA) STAKE SETS RECORD ties. It is then that a boy must let Under the faithful leadership of Cecil Cluff, quorum adviser, the deacons'quorum

others know where he stands, for he is in the Long Beach Fifth Ward, East Long Beach Stake, set out to improve their ten months seventyseven meeting and at priesthood percent records of eightythree attendance average his country but representing only not meeting. at sacrament attendance of percent Christ also the Church of Jesus at attendance percent to one hundred record bounced the months, the next two For

Latterday Saints. If he knows where priesthood meeting, and ninetyseven percent attendance at sacrament meeting. Another

he stands, he will not be faced with splendid proof that "it can be done when leaders lead."Brother Cluff praised quorum

members for "their spirited cooperation."

MARCH 1955 189 We still slept in the wagon box outside,

WILD ANIMALS OF UTAH and, say, how the wolves would howl! It

not was hungry one were but many. They

(Continued frequently page 161) from approached within a few rods to close howled. the box and came and

us.in English, so far appeared of as I know, Barnes, Years.) T. (Claude The Grim

in 1834 in Prose, Sketches and Poems

The word apparently did not enter The animals she heard may haveby Albert Pike, an Arkansas lawyer;

but even he used an odd spelling: the literature of mammalogy until been coyotes.

1874 ("coyotewolves"), by Coues little prairie or gray collotes wolves, The in and, the meantime the Mormons CannonIt is notintendedcertain bywhichthe Georgefollowing,Q. are noisy as as rapacious their aswho and

bigger brethren.... of Utah called the animal "prairie"in writing of December 1848:

or "barking"wolf, or used the word

In his work on California, E. Bry- "wolves"for wolves and coyotes alike. The people of Great Salt Lake City sufant wrote in 1846: Thus, writing of the winter of 1851-2, fered so much annoyance from the wolves

A species of jackal called here the coyote, one pioneer said: howlingof foxes, at catamounts,night, and fromand theotherdepredationsanimals

that it was thought advisable to organize two companies of one hundred men each,

John D. Lee and John Pack to be captains,

to destroy these wild animals.

The "catamounts"he referred to were mountain lions, known to mammalogy as pumas (Felis concolor).

The following March it was reported that the eightyfour hunters who participated had during the winter killed 2 bears, 2 wolverenes, 2 wildcats, 783 wolves, 409 foxes, 31 minks, 9 eagles, 530 magpies, hawks and owls, and 1,026 ravens.

It seems now that it was a serious mistake to destroy the birds, if they expected to rid themselves of grasshoppers, mice, jack rabbits, and carrion. Even the magpie's food is predominately insectivorous.

Lorenzo Young probably had the large, gray wolves in mind when he used the term "white":

strychnine about, some the morning and in Gain a Full Quarter of College Study One night soon after our arrival I spread found fourteen white wolves dead.

With A 11 the Vacation Extras I doubt that a wild gray wolf exists

I do get a rumor Leadership Week—A week of inMany students now finish in Utah, although

spiration with Church authorities college in three years by now and again from San Juan and scholars. lions, Coyotes, County. mountain taking advantage of Suman- Timpanogos Hike—Famous are still wildcats common, somewill and Teachers mer School. climb, experience of a lifenual

time. find special helps for certitimes still appearing within the Salt

Recreation—Full program of outfication and specialization. Lake City limits.

athletics, the ings, dances, and at In 1850 Howard Stansbury found scenic near Mountains Wasatch hand for brief trips. that:

Thrilling Festival Music sum-—Term: finFirst series of concerts merlong by. well destructive.. the and known mink 13 June also dance, est artists; drama, and—July 15 to appears vison) in (Putorius be common

lectures.

Lake. of Salt (Exploration valley the Second Term: and

Special Workshops and Clinics—the Valley of the Great Salt Lake.)

child, perJuly 18—August 19 Survey of exceptional attention on

educational sonnel and guidance, FREE CATALOG:

history, administration, band, orHe also stated, "The Ermine to the Just write Direcvoice. chestra, (Plutorius occurs erminea) abuntor of School, Summer Full Curriculum A complete—B.Y.U., Provo, dantly."animal is the weasel, Utah. This possible of credit quarter in 48

departments of instruction. the Utah subspecies now being

known as Mustela erminea murica (Bangs). Brigham Young University

PROVOUTAH andStansburyburrowingfoundowlsmuskrats,to be badgers,"abundant"; and, strange to relate, he shot

190 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

a wolverine (Gulo luscus) in the Salt at each end, greased and balanced on the dent about an extinct animal, BarLake Valley, truly observing: edge. The first cat and her progeny were foot related:

invaluable.

of imof animal remains an the When Indeed in the this States Northern United obviously not These house were at size near found Pondtown were mense isanimal dreaded the panther more than little in taken care but in was 1870, Payson mice, their but, tunnels from andor the bear, being invested fabulous with into a they loaded were them; exhuming I of in habit nesting the beground,attributes of ferocity danger. and city. this to brought up The and wagon

call lieve Peale's they were what we proprietor, just started the had and Museum

The wolverine taken by him and meadow mice (Microtus montanus John W. Young, was visited and solicited

the two killed by the Utah hunters montanus), which we have found in to buy the big bones as a curiosity. The

two years before were the southernmeadows north of Salt Lake City to museum manager recognized them as the most locale of this animal then known. the extent of several thousand to an fossilpurchasedremainsat a ofveryan highelephant;figure theyfor speciwere

One of these vicious mammals was acre. mens so much broken up and carelessly

killed in Garfield County, Utah, and I We must tell you a strange inci- (Concluded on following page) am informed by my neighbor, Lynn

J. Williams, that he and his father,

David Williams, took a wolverine among the pines of White mountain, east of Salina, Utah, in 1934.

We have not seen a wild fox in

Utah for many a year; but it was

common in 1850, when Stansbury took the original type specimen of the THE NEW BALDWINred fox, Vulpes macrourus Baird, from the neighborhood of Fort DougElectronic Organ las. All of the "black,""silver,"and"cross"foxes are but color phases of MODEL 45

this species, taken and described from Two full 61 note manuals, 25 pedals

Salt Lake City. Selfcontained amplification—completely portable

Thousands of ducks and geese Standard controls were found about the marshes of the 19 independent stops, four couplers,

Great Salt Lake, and as Bancroft put selective vibratos it: Traditional Baldwin tone quality

New modest cost In summer, boys filled their baskets with eggs found among the reeds on the banks of streams or on the islands.

Many can remember when hundreds of ducks and geese, killed by market hunters, were sold each fall at the poultry stores along West First

Salt City. Those LakeSouth Street, MODEL 5 MODEL 45 shotten-gauge hunters usedmarket

guns; and usually took only "potAn innovation in organ building, almost unbelievable

shots"at feeding flocks. in versatility and scope of true organ tones, the new

an 45 commands Model BALDWIN all tone four organ stops in Although jack rabbits, or "hares", -y lection of unusuallyfamilies—Diapabroad seas the pioneers called them, were al- -,-.*'.-.- ass: j jjjjjjjgiiSW requiringson, Flute,noStringspecialandinstallation,Reed. Althoughthe Modelself contained,45 is so

ways so numerous as to be botherdesigned that it can be used with Baldwin's standard some, people were rather indifferent MODEL 10 auxiliary tone equipment where desirable. See this

towards them for food, except occaamazing instrument today!

sionally in winter. Is Financing a Problem?

Mice, however, were really troubleThe Baldwin Piano Company will finance your purchase of some. Concerning 1848 one writer any Baldwinbuilt piano or organ.

Thousands of churches are now talcing advantage of this said: unique manufacturercustomer Finance Plan.

For complete details ask your Baldwin dealer, or write us.

inby Further discomfort was caused caviDigging swarms of mice.numerable ORGASONIC MODEL 40 WITHNOWFOURBALDWINSUPERBCOVERSELECTRONICTHE FIELDORGANS

ties and running about under the earthen... An Instrument for Every Purpose, Every Budget!

floor, they caused the ground to tremble, and when the rain loosened the stones of The Baldwin Piano Company

Division, Organ Department IE35

Cincinnati 2, Ohiothe roofs, scampered off in hordes. FreBALDWIN

quently fifty or sixty had to be caught and Please send Home Institutional information on

Electronic Organ. Baldwin 45 Model The new PIANO COMPANYkilled the sleep. before family could built Baldwin. electronic organs by Other 2, Ohio Cincinnati Division, Organ manufacturercustomer Baldwin's unique

BUILDERS Plan. Finance OF:PIANOS GRAND BALDWIN that, reported Home ORGANIZATION SPINET AND ACROSONIC RY PIANOS CONSOLE

PIANOS STUDIO HAMILTON ADDRESS ORGANS ELECTRONIC for contrivance catching them One was STATI.ZONE CITY SPINET ORGANS BALDWINORGASONIC

of bucketfula water with sloping a board

MARCH 1955 191 WILD ANIMALS OF UTAH (Concluded from preceding page) the sons, John and Aaron Thatcher, drawers from my lower limbs, and raising cutting flesh, but not welts large on mypiled together. should have been first They built the B. Preston with W. presence lose I did not Fortunately deep. mynumbered this as found done been in Logan. George Cannon house Q. as soon and for a single of moment, mind this cityprobably in been. would.. had have

possession of a complete skeleton of the related this occurrence, as follows: as the brute jumped upon me, I drew a

generally do as persons breath, quick sharpgreat American elephant, described Dr. by life the in incident following The is there said, surprised, and suddenly of whenFalconer ("Stories as Elephas Americanus. of Cache Logan, Thatcher, Brother John I instant the same At me! panther on a Utah,"About Instructor, vol. Juvenile 10.) is particular. in every true County, We left hand, forefoot with one grasped my

it, possible, in his as will as near own give right, beast's with the seized jaw and my to assert that went the on anHe language: hold caught thought, as as quick Joseph and,

cient horse and the tapir also once "When I was about twenty years of age, of the two hind feet, giving a sudden jerk setof our family the rest parents and my the animal strength, all that his took withexisted there. Inquisitive paleontoloat that California, tled County, in Yolo it to ground. Thus the off brought and me

district. settled we a thinly timegists When can as locate "Pondtown"now it I heavy with released, on jumped my

foot his put then on the boots. JosephSalem, which is part of the Palestine hadnight, beenin thethererainy aboutseason, sixwe heardmonths,a terrione I got and pounded a rail brute's neck, while

name Jerusalem. ble commotion and noise among the cattle, it on the head.

situated a in a corral about hunwere shall close this discursive myself that and "Every Joseph movement We house. the from yards twenty theme whichdred and My

that the just thing to be happened details giving the promisedby you to see made out brothers George Moses and went circumstances, the and necessary under was thrilling ofof with- a returned a century was, matter the but soon adventure what escape kind a considered always I have my of the uproar. out ascertaining the causeago, the becklure of gold was when of miracle.

to cattle bellow and continued "The my California; of to theoning mountains last than did thing not whole more "The out. then brother myself went Joseph and

but we shall preface it by saying, that, When we got to the bars of the corral we a few minutes, from the time the animal according to Andrew Jenson (Assistfound the bull standing guard by them. jumped upon me till it was dead.

ant Church historian), the Hezekiah We drove him off several times, but he "The panther, or as it is sometimes called,

Thatcher family went to California in always came directly back again. California lion, was a huge creature, being

the spring of 1849, where near the I got"I thenaboutsteppedtwentyinsidefive thefeetbars,fromanda whenlarge twoand measuringfeet four incheseight feethighsixwhenincheson fromits feet,the town of Auburn the father kept an stump of a tree, which served as one side snout to the tip of the tail. It weighed

eating house, "frequently receiving of the entrance to the corral, a large animal about two hundred pounds, and his tusks from travelers from one to five dollars sprang from the stump, lit on my back, were an inch and a half long. It had the

for riding a horse to water."Having threwits largeits teethforefeetinto aroundthe fleshymy partwaist,of sentmy itappearanceinto the ofhousea hugeit cat.gaveAfterthreewe powerfuldragged

amassed a fortune, they left for Utah back, and, at the same time, with the claws gasps and expired."("Early Life in the Valon October 4, 1857, where in 1859 of its hind feet, stripping my pants and ley,"Juvenile Instructor, vols. 6, 8, 9.)

OTAHS'SHRST GHOlGB

At your store...or at your door

192 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

E:,# v

You'll like it - G REEN FEEDING from field to feedlot in minutes

Beef and dairy cattle never had it so good. The You can harvest proteinrich feed in strips like

Forage Harvester brings "pasture to the cow"rotation grazing... without moving a rod of fence.

fresh cut daily—as well as providing a bountiful Forage fields recover faster, with no hoof damage

supply of highcarotene silage. or overgrazing.

You can chop green feed for your entire herd in Your own Forage Harvester, with new Easy AllisChalmers minutes with a few your own green attachments, makes Change SLIDELOCK touching... without Harvester Forage crop a pitchfork. feed or silage any forage or row from almost

A selffeeder wagon lets cattle help themselves. that grows.

They no longer run off weight hunting for feed.

Every acre produces more milk and beef with less Safeguard your herd with an abundant feed and outlay for costly protein feed. Result: more green bedding supply. Fieldchop it fast... Allisfolding money for YOU. Chalmers style

mechanizes HARVESTER The FORAGE grazing—takes TRACTOR DIVISIONMILWAUKEECHALMERS1. U. S. its streama wideflow straight through 3-foot spiraled

cylinder. Rugged PowerCurve knives cut and throw big

tonnage; are powersharpened uniformly right in themachine. AJ

New SLIDELOCK mounting permits easy interFORAGE HARVESTER change of grass and rowcrop attachments. Windrow pickup is attached in minutes. Choice of side or rear delivery.

MARCH 1955 193 Martin Harris (Continued from page 146) Dikes, who was courting her daughter. Once she spent two uninvited

weeks at the Joseph Smith, Jr., home

in Pennsylvania, and with neighbors, ransacking the house and digging in the grounds in a vain attempt to find the plates. 12 It is understandable

why domestic relations between Lucy and Martin became more strained with every passing week.

Early in August 1828, Mrs. Harris

determined to prevent her husband from going to Harmony, Pennsylvania, to visit Joseph Smith, Jr., and

Oliver Cowdery, who were progressing with the translation. When her

attempts to satisfy her curiosity about the plates were frustrated, she resolved to hinder the work in every way possible. Not content with the

damage caused by loss of the first 116 pages of translated manuscript, she sought to stir up illfeeling around

Palmyra and bring Joseph Smith, Jr.,

The NEW CURTIS Convertible Window into disrepute. When sure of her

ground, she entered a complaint easy to clean inside or outside against Joseph Smith, Jr., before a

What's different—what's new—about the window magistrate at Lyons, New York,

you see here? Just this: it's made of separate units which can be combined charging him with attempting to dein almost unlimited variety to provide practically any style of window fraud her husband out of his money

arrangement—any kind of ventilation. The Curtis Silentite Convertible and property. She signed an affidavit

entirely an idea in window represents new beauty window—the officers window herself and directed whom

these Curtis Best of all, comfort! are priced for windows budgets! modest case. in the as witnesses to subpoena

relates her

". MORRISONMERRILL & CO. TheanxietyProphet'sat this timemotherbecause:

Building Materials Distributors this was the first time a suit had ever..

been preferred before a court against

1 - 1 any of my family."

When court was called, CONFERENCE VISITORS—You Must See and Hear the the witnesses being duly sworn, the first

NEW hadarose toldand himtestified,that thethat boxJosephwhichSmith,he had,Jr.,

contained nothing but sand; and he Joseph Hammond Organ Smith said it was gold, to deceive the peoThe World's Lowest Cost COMPLETE Church Organ ple.

Second witness swore, that Joseph Smith

An Instrument of Enormous Power and Beauty Providing a Magnifi hadof lead,told andhim hethatwasit wasdeterminednothing butto usea boxit cent Variety of True Church Tones as he saw fit.

Third witness declared, that he once inTrue to Pitch—Never Needs Tuning. quired of Joseph Smith what he had in that

told was Smith him there box, and Joseph An Almost Unlimited Variety of Beautiful that all in saying at the box, he nothing

Church Organ Tones. had made fools of the whole of them, and

Simple To Install. Extremely Low Service Cost all he wanted was to get Martin Harris's

Record. money away from him....

Harris's affidavit Mrs. Next came in which

believed stated obthat the chief Suitable Also For Home and School. she she

OBTAIN FULL PARTICULARS FROM ject which Joseph Smith had in view, was to defraud her husband out of all his propGLEN BROS. MUSIC CO. Josepherty, andSmiththathadsheeverdid beennot inbelievepossessionthat

OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO of the gold plates which he talked so much 74 So. Main about.

J-Lucy Mack Smith, op. cit., 109116.

i*lbid., 133.

194 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The magistrate then forbade the introduction of any more witnesses until Martin

Harris should be sworn. Martin, being

called upon, testified with boldness, decision and energy, to a few simple facts. When he

arose he raised his hand to heaven, and said: "I can swear that Joseph Smith never

has got one dollar from me by persuasion, since God made me. I did once, of my own

own free will and accord, put fifty dollars into his hands, in the presence of many witnesses, for the purpose of doing the work of the Lord. This, I can pointedly prove; and

I can tell you, furthermore, that I have never seen in Joseph Smith, a disposition to giving take any man's him money without if you plan ina reasonable compensation for the same return. And as to the plates which he professes to have, gentlemen, not beif you do

lieve it, but continue to resist truth, the it to build a new will one day be the means of damning your souls."... home in '55

After hearing this testimony, the magistrate told them they need not call any more witnesses, but ordered them to bring him Predictions say that 1955 will be the biggest home what had written been of the testimony albuilding year in a long, long time. So better hurryready given. in This he tore pieces before

their eyes and told them to go home about with your own plans... and see the friendly Tritheir business, and trouble him no more

with ridiculous such Folly. they did State store in your community today. Here are And

go home perfectly discomfitted. 14 some of the ways we can help you build for a

... and a miniDissension between Lucy and Marmaximum of satisfaction and value

tin Harris mounted, finally resulting mum of fuss and bother:

in separation. left Martin Lucy wellWe'll help you with your credit report, check overprovided for. She given was a home

near Palmyra and approximately your building lot to make sure it will qualify, proeighty acres of choice farm land. An vide you with approved plans and quality materials

old Dominion law, still in effect in and help you select a qualified contractor.

New York State at that time, made it unlawful for a man to deed propThis is the most complete service ever offered by a erty to his wife. Martin overcame lumber company and includes our lowcost financing

this obstacle by deeding the land to his brother, Peter, who, on the same plan. Come in... no obligation.

day, deeded it to Lucy, making the transference legal. 15

Martin and Lucy Harris had three children, all born at Palmyra: Lucy,

married Flanders Dikes; George W.,

killed in the Civil War, 1864; Duty

L., died in infancy.

llIbid., 132134.

lsCopy ol this deed is in the Church archives.

(To he continued)

nihil mm mi:; milium il I mi nilililM mi mi m in; i ii iiiiiiiniiiiiiimniiliiiillii,

FOR THE MISSIONARY, WONDER OF BOOKS IN STAKE OR MISSION WE RENT

By Catherine E. Berry TWO BOOKS Costumes For All

A book can be a precious thing, Especially written with the missionary in mind** With lines of joy that soar and sing; "THE A. B. C. OF MORMONISM"Occasions

tale, told a storyA fairy and We Also Seil Costume Fabrics in the of old; grandeurOf days

A magic carpet we can ride "THE MORMON MISSIONARY'S and TrimmingsTo wondrous places far and wide. MESSAGE"

A book can open any door by AUBREY J. PARKER Distributor of the American Flag

To wisdom's endless treasure store, (Onetime Methodist Minister) hearts, set ajar lift ourCan and Beautifully—Send for FREE Catalogue

gate that to dreamsThe wing afar, hard back—boundin thein greenpopularandpocketgold clothsize for

Give solace that is rich and deep, greater convenience. Sent to you for 51. 00 each,

in the world. anywhereAnd knowledge we can always keep. postpaid,

Elder J. Parker SALT LAKE COSTUME CO. Address Aubrey

A book can be a precious Friend, Santa616 Barbara,West on CarrilloCalifornia 248 So. Main Salt Lake City, Utah

That brings a joy until time's end. I M 1! 1 1 1 1 1! 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1! H Mil 1 1 1 1 1 1! 1 11 1 1 1 I! l 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Ill Id

MARCH 1955 195.

IRIS PARKER

Editor

Molded Fruit Salad

2 l/2 cups fruit juice Mrs. Wallace F. Bennett Y21 cupcup whippedmayonnaisecream

2 packages gelatin, dissolved in threeLikes 1 canfourthsRoyalcupAnnecoldcherrieswater 1 large can pineapple Cooking Short Cuts 11 cancan grapefruitpears 1 dozen marshmallows, cut up

Heat juice to boiling point. Pour over

soaked gelatin. Add fruit. When alAppetizer most set, add cream, mayonnaise, and

A good drink Mrs. Bennett often marshmallows. Pour in molds and let

serves, either hot or cold, is made by set. This will make two large ring

combining equal parts of canned tomolds or it can be made in individual mato juice, madrilene, and consomme. molds, if preferred. Home canned fruit

Place a small slice of lemon in each may be substituted in place of the cup, or if you prefer, a dash of whipped canned fruit, of course. The fruit in

cream. Serve with potato chips and a Washington isn't too good for canning,

Frances G. Bennett dip made of one large package of but when Mrs. Bennett is home, she alcreamed cheese, moistened with one can ways uses her own bottled fruit.

of minced clams, and enough juice from the clams to make a nice spread. Senate Bean Soup

Veal Loaf There is an interesting story conIt this recipe. that of with seems nected youngest daughterFrances,

Senators'into the a senator went President Grant, was 3 pounds veal and l/2 pound pork once Heber J.

going to have a career as a musiground together dining room and ordered bean soup.

cian, and then she met Wallace F. 3 tablespoons thick cream When he was told it was not on the

Bennett, married him, and has been 4 crackers, rolled menu that day, he was indignant, and happy as a homemaker ever since. 3 eggsSage, salt, and pepper to taste Senateconsequentlywhich amakeslaw wasit mandatorypassed in thatthe

Her interest in food preparation as Juice of onehalf lemon bean soup be served every day in the an art has come since marriage. When Senate dining room. Whenever a newthe five children came along in quick Beat the eggs and mix together with comer dines there, he is supposed to

ingredients thoroughly. Bake other of the order, music it she in order from soup. switched for recipe bean apThe

for at loaf 300F. hours three pans two pears of on the back the of pots to menu, and music and thethe piano

either butter. served Baste Is good with Mrs. Bennett us: has sent to it along is that one says cooking pans. She cold. hot or

of the aspects of homemaking she likes Take two pounds of small Navy Pea hot run through and Beans and wash hostess as a reputation best, her and Baked Rice until again. Put are white beans water at adept has become that she is proof

fire quarts four the of hot water. with on rice 1 brown cup Senator Benthat she and it. Now of pounds smoked add Then ham cans consomme l l/2 in a 2 in Washington are living nett boil hocks slowly approximately 1 and mushrooms small can (4-ounce)

small apartment, the type of enter- 1 can water (consommesize) three hours in covered pot. Braise one

taining that she does is much different butter onion, chopped, in a little butter and from that of former years. It is very when light brown put in bean soup.

informal and usually done buffet Brown the rice thoroughly in melted Season with salt and pepper, then serve.

style. butter in heavy skillet, stirring conDo not add salt until ready to serve.

stantly. Combine all ingredients (inirregular schedule busy, the With casin juice from mushrooms) cluding Mint Ginger Ale Lemon Punch keeps, Frances Bennett that she now for F. bake at 375 serole. Cover and

specializes in simple, easyto-fix an hour and fifteen minutes. Syrup:

dishes, although we are including one This dish goes well with the veal loaf 6 cups sugar or two pioneer favorites. or any other meat dish. (Continued on page 198)

196 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Homemode Goodness You don't have to be an expert to bake this wonderful supper pie!

Sperry Drifted Snow Flour will help you do it easily. Treat your n rsi family to the homemade goodness

that comes from baking with Drifted Snow. It's the flour that's VM'l "homeperfected"for all your

baking needs. Martha Meade recipes and Queen Bess pattern silverware coupon in sack. from your own oven

WHAT YOU NEED: WHAT YOU DOt

1 onion, chopped Cook onion and green pepper in 1 small green pepper, chopped shortening until soft. Stir in all

3 tablespoons shortening remaining ingredients. Turn into

2 cups tomatoes (No. 303 can) pastrylined pie pan, skillet or

IV2 cups whole kernel corn shallow casserole (9-10 inches di- (12 oz. vacuum pack) ameter). Garnish top with ring of

1 tablespoon chili powder grated sharp cheese and ripe olive 1 teaspoon salt slices. Bake in hot oven, 425,

V* cup uncooked Sperry Yellow 2025 minutes. Serves 6.

Corn Meal 1 (7 oz.) can chunk or solid tuna How to Make the Quick Easy Pie Shell

Vi cup ripe olives Sift flour and salt into bowl. Add

PIE SHELL pastryoil and clingsmilk. together.Stir with Pressfork untilinto

2 cups sifted Drifted Snow Flour ball. Place between 2 sheets waxed

1 teaspoon salt paper (12inch squares). Roll out

Vi cup cooking oil to edge of paper. Peel off top paper.

Va cup cold milk Place paperside up in pie pan. Remove paper. Ease pastry in place.

Flute edges.

DRIFTED SNOW FLOUR SPERRY division of GENERAL MILLS WORLD'S LARGEST FLOUR MILLERS.

KNOW YOUR L.D.S. COOKS IT'S NOT

(Continued from page 196) Banana IceTOO 4 cups sugar cup water Y2 mint 1 cup 1. water cup EARLY

Make a syrup by boiling the above inJuice of one lemon gredients for five minutes. Strain. Juice of one orange

2 crushed, ripe bananas Punch: 1 cup lemon juice Make a syrup by boiling sugar and \y2 cups sugar syrup (recipe above) water for five minutes. Cool. Then

2 quarts ice water add other ingredients. Pour in re-

1 quart ginger ale frigerator tray and freeze, stirring once when nearly set.

Combine ingredients and serve at once. Garnish each glass with a sprig This dessert will freeze perfectly in

Make arrangements now for the Uniof mint. refrigeratorand is a favoritetray without"quick dessert"going "icy,"with

visiting tour, ofversity Utah study Fig Pudding the Bennetts. Makes one trayful. Switzerland, Italy, France,England,

Germany, Holland, and Belgium. U. of 1 pound ground suet Sister Bennett recalls that her

lasts tour obtainable; creditsU. is essential (It figs ground pounds ap- 2 tastes to father's in simple. food were days. Cost York 60 (Newproximately figs for moist quality, good have liked President milk bread Grant and complete $1075.00. For York)to New this pudding.) of success the

if it particularly for supper, were place trip arrangements, any andtour soft crumbs bread 8 cups in the world at no additional cost to 4 cups brown sugar topped with raw apples or fresh you. Call 5-6552 or 5-5924 now, for 8 eggs grapes.

further information. 3 tablespoons molasses The Bennetts are proud of Utah

3 teaspoons nutmeg and Utah products and never miss an

UNIVERSAL 4 tablespoonsJuice of fourflourlemons opportunityjob. For example,to do whena goodUtahpromotionstrawberries were in season last year, they TRAVEL SERVICE Mix the ingredients together thorHOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE oughly. Add wellbeaten eggs last. were served in the Senate dining

Benof Senator compliments for three hours. room, in greased cans Salt Lake City 5-6552-5-5924 Steam

carahit, you may a hot serves it with were a big Mrs. Bennett nett. They

mel sauce, topped With whipped cream be sure. Mrs. Bennett also saw to it

or vanilla ice cream. that the ladies had their share, be-

"Courtesy This is an old family recipe, originalcause she served Utah strawberries at the Tuesday Red Cross to is interesting It goes beyond motherly madeWells.by SisterIt wasBennett'sa great favoriteGrandworkand creammeeting.

know that there is a room set aside dependability''ofWells'Presidentdescendants.Grant's andMembersof Marthaof theG.

BUY YOUR NEXT CAR FROM family who make it usually double the recipe while they are about it and steam all the puddings in a large roaster.

Then they have them on hand to use CMPtOS for several weeks.

PLYMOUTH DODGE 1000 So. Main, Salt Lake City, Utah Date Bread

1 cup chopped dates 2 cups sugar 2 cups boiling water 2 tablespoons melted butter American Seating Company 4 cups sifted flour

Church Furniture for every need 2 teaspoons soda

Pulpit and communion sets, fonts and lec- 2 teaspoons baking powder delivery. early for available salt terns teaspoon Also l/2 Pews, Bodiform carvings, furniture, chancel eggs, separated 3 chairs, tables folding chairs, auditorium

and Sundayschool furniture. 1 cup chopped nuts

Write Department 169-C 2 teaspoons vanilla

AMERICAN SEATING COMPANY 901 Broadway, N. W., Grand Rapids 2, Mich. Pour boiling water over chopped

dates, sugar, and butter. Add sifted

dry ingredients, yolk of eggs, nuts, and stiffly add well and Beat vanilla. WALLPAPER PASTE F. for 375 at whites. Bake beaten egg

lot cheaper a Make it better—and regular about one hour in greased loaf pans. Starch, your Faultless with

laundry starch. Use a medium or Makes 2 loaves.

heavy hot starch solution as per This is one of Mrs. Bennett's favorite

All of package. back instructions on served it once to the Senrecipes—she Starch. Faultless carry grocery stores ate Wives Club.

198 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

in the Senate Office Building where the Senate wives do their weekly Red

Cross work—sewing and making

surgical dressings These Red Cross gettogethers are pleasant becausethe women get to know each other in Good Old this informal setting. The Senate

wives take their lunches in paperbags, and someone usually brings a Family Tradition treat. Last year Mrs. Bennett served

strawberries from Utah—the year before, her date bread. i.

The Bennett children are Wallace

G., who lives in Salt Lake City; Mrs.

Robert C. Fletcher (Rosemary), New POSTUM

Jersey; David, in charge of the Church

Institute at Laramie, Wyoming; Mrs.

Lawrence Jeppson (Frances), Washington, D. C; and Bob, on a mission

in Scotland. All of the Bennett children are married, except Bob, and

there are a total of eight grandchildren.

Frances Bennett has continued with her hobby of music since her family came along. She always liked accompanying unusually well, rather

than concert work. The children

have been musical—the girls, who

sing—and David, who plays the viola

(formerly in the Utah Symphony

Orchestra); and Sister Bennett

has been their official accompanist through the years.

Sister Bennett has been active in the Primary Association all her life, having worked in the ward, the stake, This large 8-ounce jar of Instant Postum makes up to 100 cups!

and on the general board level. She

was vice president of the board of

Children's Primary of the trustees ChilInstant Postum contains the Hospital new Primary when dren's Hospital was being built and responsibility deal of the a good had has been no caffein or other drug She construction. for its

active, too, in civic affairs, having been an officer of the ParentTeacher Have you tried Instant Postum with your meals?

Association; Cleofan, a literary club; Postum has such a fine mellow flavor that offers all the warmth

the Music Circle; and the Utah and satisfaction you want from a good hot drink. And it contains

Federation of Music Clubs. no caffein—no stimulants of any kind!

It takes so little time to prepare Instant Postum. Fix it right in

FACTUALLY SPEAKING the cup, adding hot water or hot milk. With milk, it's specially

good for the children.

By Iris W. Schow

Yet, Instant Postum is priced so low—less than a penny a cup!

cheerily the in hand neither 4 bird sings Why not start the Postum tradition in your family—soon. Another ** the air upon comfloats through Nor

petent wings. wonderful product of General Foods.

A bird in the hand neither fashions a nest

Nor preens the soft feathers that cover his breast.

But a bird in the bush, like a toy just wound up, Has the speed of a danseuse, the verve of a Instant Posfum pup,

And the airs of a tenor, remote and yet No caffein bland, So a bird in the bush is worth two in the hand!

MARCH 1955 199 SOME LIKE COLD CEREAL SOME LIKE HOT CEREAL

by S. Dihvortb Young

THEY ALL LIKE OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

ALL-O-WHEAT fJT '!'was! What I am now is the comThey didn't know the answers and

posite creation of what I was were either scared or ashamed to

The cereal that's I then—larger, maybe, easier to admit they hadn't studied—no need

if one knows! But one can'ttripled in popusee—but the same bricks and mortar! to cheat

somewhere know I that can age fifteen At everything—andlarity

is in everyline tempted along the he I in one \i I a was thought I was man—andrememberyear. I I question a faced thing. day One six three inches feet high, in height,

thick! But to me my shoulders were didn't know. My desk mate was

Ail-O-Wheat has all of wheat's natural vitamins broad. My mind was keen, I thought. busily answering. It would have been

for longer lasting energy. Serve it with cinna- I feel about the same now. I can easy to glance over and get a hint at

mon, sugar, and cream. You'll love it's delicious remember vividly the day when, age least. Temptation was strong. I reflavor.whole wheat

fourteen, after I had been a week or member that I got stubborn inside.

For All the Family... so in bed, ill, my mother with a I wouldn't look! In order not to give

All Year Round startled look backed me up against in, I wrote, "I don't know the anthe door post and marked my height swer to this"—and went on to the

using a book as a level. Six feet next. Nothing was ever said to meALL-O-WHEAT OGDEN, UTAH three inches higher than the mark about it, but somehow after that the

made a month previous—no wonder teacher didn't seem to watch me any

I had been sick. more, and once when I was writing

As I said, I feel about the same as on a makeup examination, the in-

I did then. But I can now justify structor left the room and didn't come

Gospel someprovedof thatmy feelings.some thingsExperiencecan't be hasleft backthe referencesat all. OnI couldhis deskhavewereused.all ofI

out. If they are, one misses most of think that was the finest compliment

It has it I young. I I was didn't while received know here for. he's what Ideals'I it. since. have times felt I Yet the paid off many then, but somehow

decisions I made gave me satisfaction. discovered that when one faces the

finest They justified my code—or were justirealities of adult living, the

fied by it. reputation he can have is that of

Let me say that the most satisfyhonor. He won't cheat. Yet, the

ing thing which I have experienced in strength to refuse to cheat now comes my teens I had no control over at only by having developed it then.

all. It is a simple thing—my mother Next, I did have some experience in

was usually, almost always, at home. athletics. Like most boys I tried for

I became uneasy if I came home most of the teams. Finally I got into

and found no one at home. The sec- a game. One of our boys got the ball

ond thing was that father came home (it was basketball) and started to with regularity. And the steady patdribble up the floor. I started runtern of my father's and mother's life ning to get into position for a scortogether is the chief influence in my ing play. Just as I started I felt a

character. I wish now that we could sudden jerk and nearly fell on my

—we Church people—stay home while face. My guarding opponent had

their are in off balance simply children by the thrown me teens—and

Selections from the Discourses of for isn't quick a before. But this parents, it grabbing and giving my wrist

is for me when I was a stripling youth. jerk downward—not hard and not

I'd like to remember just how I felt noticed by the referee. He had some David O. McKay

and acted then. I'll try hard to do it other tricks, too. I've seen him in

in small pieces various places since we grew up. You

I don't trust him. If I haVe $4.00 at all beokdealers I used to have great scorn for my know,

fellow students who cheated in class. any dealings with him at all, I watch

I soon found out why they cheated. all angles to see if I can discover where

200 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

the "jerk"is going to be. Confidence

in people and their actions comes from experience. You can't afford to

be a "jerker"in athletics, nor can you in life.

I used to attend my priests'quorum regularly. I wanted to do it.

Somehow I could never see any sense in being the possessor of an office without being active in it, so it was not hard to go to the meetings. Much

of the time I discovered that I had more knowledge of the doctrine or the history or both than did the instructor.

Just why that was I'll explain next, but it was so. Should I have stayed

home then? No, because I soon Won first cooking contest at age of 10

found out that it was more fun to tell what I knew than it was to be told High School Senior Wins Cooking Prize what I should know. I soon learned,

too, that I could sit passively in class Nieces Patsy and Darlene admire of the year—you're sure to like

or I could ask questions. So I dethe ribbons ReNell Robinson won Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast.

for skill. her cooking It's ReNell, fast dependable, rising, who easy to questions asking of habit theveloped

lives in Freedom, it Wyoming, for use keeps.. and months.When things other or about lessons theabout latest her last award at use top you.bake fall—a cook Fleischmann's home

which might apply. Instead of the prize in cooking competition at the Active Dry Yeast. It comes in handy

class period dragging, the moments Lincoln County Fair. 3-package strips called "Thrifty

flew by, and I found that I'd had an Like so many prizewinning cooks, Three's."Get Fleischmann's Active

excellent time—and a profitable one, sixteenyear-old ReNell always uses Dry Yeast.

too, for all instructors know more Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast.

Get the New "It's so fast,"she says. "And it's inthan boys in some things—and 'Thrifty Three"to use."easy they always know moreone thing

that thing is experience in life. During Lent—and every season

How could I know more than some

I becauseinstructors? Simply had IT'S BEAUTIFUL! EASY TO APPLY! time hadn't.read, By the and they

to I managed had seventeenI was written FAST!... AND SUPERWASHABLE been hadread of what most

about the Church and its doctrines that was publicly available. If there

is anything which will give a boy, or girl either, an edge, or advantage, at the start of the main events in life, to have read widely before age twenty is probably the greatest single thing.

If he has read, he understands what is being discussed, and he is not lost.

If I had that to do over again, I'd get my knowledge from books rather than from radio, television, or digests of books. I'd learn to read—and I'd

read at age six and keep it up.

There are many.more things: the

treatment to be accorded to girls, attitude toward work, the part played by clothes, when to decide what way to earn a living, but this is enough for now. YOUR CHOICE OF HUNDREDS OF

I have made my mistakes, and I reSPECIALLY SELECTED gret them. I am far from perfect. COLORIZER COLORS

But I have never had a regret for the counterLike all—Colorizerno intermixingColors,—youno blending.buy them right over the

fact that in those things in which I Bennett's, 65 W. First South; 21st South and Second West

kept my ideals high, those ideals kept Intermountainand all Bennett'sCountrybranchesand Southernand dealersCalifornia.in the

me out of a lot of trouble later, and gave me peace of mind today.

MARCH 1955 201 VINES MAY BE THE ANSWER PUTTING THE plantsby RuthgrowK.moreKentquicklv or Fewmore profusely than vines. There

are many kinds and they are all in II* YOU pretty—useful as well as ornamental.

The three words that spell magic for What of the yard with new trees?

modern living in any home are these: Why not make vines provide the

Do It Yourself. And in the Intershade and ornamentation until trees

mountain West, everybody's guide have time to grow? If there are

for better DoIt-Yourself living is clothes posts or other posts in the

HOME Magazine, The Salt Lake Tribyard, fasten a trellis to them and une's exclusive supplement. Sunday will trellis. train the They vines up

finds patterns plans *... Father and will provide enough and grow rapidly

learns and sewing Mother new home shade for a lawn chair or if there is... Sister Brother decorating and

learn hobbies and crafts in HOME a high fence, train vines over it to every Sunday. Better life and better furnish shade at least part of the

living starts in the home, and HOME day.

is the Magazine that reaches the heart Why not make window awnings of the home. HOME is another facet of vines? Build a narrow trellis on

of The Salt Lake Tribune's proud role each side of the window, then put up as an iron or wooden framework for the

The Tie That Binds the awning. Plant vines at each side of

Intermountain West the window. Let them climb the

trellis and drape over the framework.

As they continue to grow, weave them back and forth. This will

One of America's Great Newspapers make a cool and pleasing awning in the summer. In winter the leaves

drop off, and the awning is gone just as you want it to be.

If you have a carport or breezeway, why not cover it with vines? It will

be much more attractive, and a protection for the car as well.

Flowering vines make a pleasing effect when used in any of the foregoing manners. Imagine sweet

honeysuckle vines growing over the open window awnings or picture clusters of wisteria drooping from the carport. Rambling roses are especially

pretty growing up the clothes poles.

But don't overlook the fruit vines.

Grapes growing over the window

FRITOS is awning or over the carport or breezeregis- the tered trade way are very effective. And berry

of vines along the fences take little room GOLDEN CHIPS OF CORN ThemarkFrito

Co. and provide fresh fruit as well.

AT YOUR FAVORITE FOOD OR GROCERY STORE The simple perennial seed vines have their place, too. The red bean

or scarlet runner is most satisfactory.

Plant it along a fence or beside the

BIND YOUR ERAS FOR 1954 perkgarage.up theTheshabbiestscarlet lookingblossomsplace,will

and the huge beans it produces are

Subscribers who wish to bind or to otherwise preserve the 1954 delicious whether eaten as green volume of The Improvement Era are informed that the annual beans or later in the season as shell index is now being printed. You may reserve your index by sendbeans. It should bloom and proing your name and address to The Improvement Era, 50 North duce beans from early summer until

Main Street, Salt Lake City, 1, Utah. Please enclose a threecent frost and provide some shade as well.

stamp with your request to cover cost of postage.

If there is a steep bank or incline that is hard to mow, why not cover 202 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FIRST IN THE FIELD OF LLE& <3ec&&ecc LMfarfj

Liberty Ward

Ogden Stake Church Approved November 29, 1W* Prices Start At

Bishop D. Dredge Thomas $1,960

Malad, Idaho Dear Bishop Thomas: { Q.

den today and Mr urn y h(jw we for our SSbKSTSU Aln UM d- I "3d tte as m the same S-10, S large fte of I.e.'oSside We SSte

the Allen.; sss b g anot or AK d gan until—!%we heard

thought that I"rAt we are surely glad we did.

Sincerely, n\ J. CHARD LYLE Liberty Ward BTshop Krmer

Allen Organs recently installed or approved in Malad 1st Ward, Malad Idaho;

Lewiston 2nd Ward, Lewiston, Utah; Park Valley Ward, Park Valley, Utah; Bloomington

Ward, Bloomington, Idaho; Poplar Grove 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th Wards, Pioneer Stake;

Salt Lake City, Utah.

FOR FREE INFORMATION AND LITERATURE—Hal Rumel Photo WRITE OR CALL

Vines make a pleasing awning in summer as well as providing beauty and ornamentaCO. DUNKlEY MUSIC

SALT LAKE CITY PROVO LOGANtion. OGDEN

Phone 4-3444 Phone 5-9703 Phone 630 Phone 3757 it with creeping vines? The hearty

ivy and creeping myrtle vines grow rapidly and without much care. They

make a soft looking covering of green and eliminate mowing.

Why not make use of vines inside r the house, too? A trellis between the

kitchen and breakfast nook with ivy There is a Difference in Bread or philodendron makes a charming divider. A clever divider for the

isbathroom is a trellis with ivy growing Table Queen on it, and it grows well in the Rich in Milk bathroom on account of the amount Each pound contains of humidity from the steam. A false the nonfat solids ofpartition between living room and

hallway may be provided by putting in a planter with dowels running 7 OUNCES OF MILK iSsVto the ceiling. Philodendron or Wandering curled around the dowel Jew the this gives you <w beauty.adds much nutritional value &

wise will gardener not overThe

I x vines inlook his planting scheme. To of proteins and

get a good early start, vines may be calcium in milk. I r

planted as soon as the danger of severe frost is past. In the mountain Also Enriched

west vines will be on display and ROYAL BAKING COMPANY With Vitamins available to gardeners after WashSalt Lake City Ogden and Iron ington's birthday. awn

MARCH 1955 203 NO FRILLS FOR BOYS

IT'S EASY TO COOK by Louise Price Bell

WITH AN like in decoratas you The room a good examshown is ELECTRIC RANGE ple of daughters'a boyproof hideout. rooms From Poas ing yourdaintysmall

include ruffles and frills and bows of it you may get an idea or two, if all kinds. But when planning the you are planning to redo that room

matter what their age Keep in mind that wearability is the ELECTRIC family—nobailiwicks for the young men of the your young son, or sons, occupy.

avoid all these fussy items. Boys important factor to be considered,

like colors that won't show dirt and and accept all boyish suggestions COOKING costs the smudges; they like materials that can with interest. Very often lads have

excellent ideas that carried can be "take"of plenty tear. wear and And average either out as offered or with some for furniture, their is choice only about for variations. is boy's his casroom A

that can be family pieces used and enjoyed tle, so likes you know, sure make he 9< a day in true style masculine fear without it as a place where he can alone be of warning "don'ts"to take the edge and to which he can proudly take off their fun. his friends.

Be Modern

Live Electrically UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

Protection From Water Damage

Thompson's Wafer Seal locks out moisture from porous surfaces—brick, concrete, stucco, wood, canvas, etc. It is deeppenetrating, transparent, leaves

no film. Use brush, spray or mop. Helps lock

paint to surface. It sheds water. Use on walls,

floors, foundations, indoors, outdoors. Covers up

to 400 so. ft. per gal. At paint, hdwe, building

supply stores, or direct. $1.55 per qt., $4.78 per

gal., ppd. (No C.O.D.s please.) E. A. Thompson

Co., Inc., Merchandise Mart, San Francisco 3. HANDY HINTS

Payment for Handy Hints used will be When arranging shortstemmed flowers, dollar one publication. upon In the event crumple of a square foil loosely aluminum

that the two with idea are same submitted, it and place in the of bottom the vase. the one earlier postmarked will receive the

foil, The does which rust not in water, dollar. of the ideas None returned, can be

provides false a bottom the which on but will each receive careful consideration.

$ 1 flowersto a morecanattractiverest, thusheight.bringingFlowerthemstemsup

also can be held securely more in place the only cork you When have on hand by fitting into them the crevices of the is just bit for a too large bottle, a put it crumpled P., foil.—N. Denver, Colo. in of boiling a pan water it will shrink and

enough to fit the bottle. This method is When a paintbrush hardens, boil for

A delightful especially handy when stopping bottles conten minutes in a tin can filled with vinegar.

for hot beverage those taining chemicals since the cork expands boiled, wash as When it thoroughly soap with don't drink coffee. who it dries, providing seal. an airtight water. and lukewarm Mrs. P. S., Mrs. W. North

AT YOUR GROCERS B., Salt Lake City, Utah. Bergen, N. ].

204 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA These limes

(Concluded from page 131) we perceive that in life we are one with ourselves and with our fellows.

"And the spirit and the body are the soul of man.

"And the resurrection from the dead is the redemption of the soul.

"... through him that quickeneth all

things, in whose bosom it is decreed that the poor and the meek of the earth shall inherit it."(D. & C. 88:1517.)

Behind American power, at home and abroad, is a fundamental, pragmatic notion. Men are viewed as individuals

in a practical sort of way. The earth

is seen as a place for the poor and meek as well as for the proud and powerful. This feeling has support in

modern scientific doctrines concerning man's oneness with the universe. One

American, a religious teacher familiar to many readers, offered what could be said to represent the practical American point of view in a statement made in

May 1843 in Illinois:

"There is no such thing as immaterial matter. All spirit is matter, but it

is more fine or pure, and can only be discerned by purer eyes;

"We cannot see it; but when our

bodies are purified we shall see that it is all matter."(Ibid., 131:7-8.)

Ten years earlier, in Ohio, the same teacher expounded the doctrine that "Man was also in the beginning with

God. Intelligence, or the light of truth,

was not created or made, neither indeed can be. "For man is spirit. The elements are

eternal, and spirit and element, inseparably connected, receive a fulness of joy; J.ORE than two hundred thousand See your John Deere dealer and get

"And when separated, man cannot reusers of the John Deere No. 5 Power complete details on the outstanding

Mower. No. 5 Power Deere John We ceive joy."33- (Ibid., a fulness Wallin 93:29, of Mr. Kenneth with agree Mower take will a agree, feel sure you Illinois, says, he Valley, Italics when 34. of Coal added.)

better to a of lot ityouwould show showing to lot of show showing take a would "H as of Perhaps, No. the the while 5 has been luncheon many mower—that the Deere John than better mower a me it is still equalled by many, copied by club school high and commencement for 5."is, has been and No. 5 The No. none. said, speakers is the have of first problem choice more the years, many

"philosophical."Perhaps if we were, farmers than any other mower on the

all the time, conscious that "there is no market.

such thing as immaterial matter,"we would be less unrealistic in either slipCuts 25 to 35 Acres per Day ping into "materialism"or "reviving You can cut from 25 to 35 acres a spirituality as social objectives."For day in any crop with the No. 5 and do a

the problem is not like that of a penduners.good Becauseclean jobofwiththe flexibleneat, squarehitch corand

lum, swinging between two natures, but single casterwheel, the No. 5 skims

of integrated beings seeking the upward along the contour of the ground, cutting spiral of progressive development. It at a uniform height uphill or down. Please send me your free folder on the I

is more than a pun to say that men are John Deere No. 5 Mower

living souls, of spirit, that really matter! Simple Adjustments I

I "... yea, man is the tabernacle of God,"You get newmower performance Name-

"innocent before God,"and to be reared throughout the long life of the No. 5.

in "light and truth."(Ibid., 93:35, 38, There are simple adjustments Which R.R.- -Box40.) andenableto keepyou totheeliminateknife perfectlycutterbarcenteredlag, Townthese guards. with With of of clearer the nature view men A

it in the can you tune up No. 5—keepadjustments this in as individual beings and women perfect cutting condition year after State- 7 I life critical of the of be needs one may year.

these times.

MARCH 1955 205 mon/voe (SvSSsSSSsSs k FOLDING BANQUET Jke dotted tivie TABLES Richard L. Evans

Oerhaps this comment could be called "the dotted line"—

* since signing on the dotted line has come to be a symbol of entering into obligations—a symbol sometimes of getting

into things that are not easy to get out of. Many have discovered that it is much easier to get into things than it is to

get out of them. Many have ably written and spoken conTRUCKS to set hearts this our subject. cerning seem Sometimes we storingMONROE

truclc Forthe wayTables modernFoldingtables easyeither situations, into certain certain doors, opening on entering on handleslion of EachandConstruestorag*Chairs chairs.permits No. TSCor Transport Storage Truckspace. in limited insist inpry almost Truck Wo. on getting TS and knock push and and and

Church their inquiries Units to may direct the side. Then we may find that being inside isn't quite what Church 47 Purchasing Department, East

South Temple, Salt Lake City 1, Utah. we thought it was. And often we find that the exits aren't

THE nwowuye COMPANY so easily accessible. This question of getting into what is

249CHURCH STREET, COLFAX. IOWA hard to get out of applies to many matters: to borrowing, to

signing notes, to contracts of many kinds, to joining things, $35,000 toto sign,acceptingso easythings,to accept,to mortgages,so easy toto saymarriages.yes, so easyIt istosomakeeasy

so hard commitments—and REWARD

long to regret, so long FOR lfl"""""KJE&QA? to repent—soto fulfil, soeasyhardto getto payintoback,and soso

hard to get out of. Often we pursue mirages. We follow BAJI...Lu V& URANIUM fashions; we pursue pride; we stubbornly set ourselves, and

make commitments, make shortsighted decisions. But before

Here's your chance to "cash in!"Over $2,500,000 we do, we should see ourselves on the paying side as well

fine print, we inURANIUMGovernmentdiscoveriesBonusesin the havepast 2 beenyears. paidCurrentlyfor as on the receiving side. We should read the

$150,000 a month is paid to people just like you. should take a long look, consider consequences, and not comPrecision Geiger Counters and

the finest instruments made for URANIUMScintillatorsprospectare mit ourselves to any course that would impair our peace, our ing. These highly sensitive instruments are compact, solvency, our selfrespect, our credit, our character, our conlightweight and ruggedly built for field use. Prices science. It isn't only the moment that matters. It is the start at $29.95.

CONTACT YOUR NEAREST DEALER morning after, the month after, the year after, the long years or write direct to factory life. everlasting a the whole of ahead, And man for FREE 12PAGE CATAlife—and

describing LOG, there look the the through all days moment, beyond and must URANIUM

Metal detectors. are, to the day the debt is due. He must look beyond the

RECISION RADIATION INSTRUMENTS, INC. limits of time, even into eternity, and keep himself as free

2235 IE So. La Brea, Los Angeles 16, California as he can from questionable compromise, questionable comWORLD'S LARGEST MANUFACTURER OF PORTABLE RADIATION INSTRUMENTS pany, shortsighted commitments. Read the fine print; take

a long look at life, consider all commitments carefully in the clear light of day, and proceed slowly before assenting,

IN"USE for SEviTYFIvFYMis before signing.

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple sore throat and other minor mouth JLe Spoktipoken WoJ"vvora from temple square and throat irritations. PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Copyright, 1955 HALLS REMEDY SYSTEM, JANUARY 23, 1955

Salt Lake City, Utah

HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S. f BON VOYAGE, SON

A IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA k YE KING'S REST MOTEL By Vilate R. McAllister

526 SOUTH 5TH STREET Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner

Edgar H. Foutz, Manager W/ii is this young man whom I suddenly To snap from the stillclinging tree, as a.

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout find in my presence, ripe fruit in autumn.

Taking the place of the boy who but lately At this moment of crisis may I have the was here? wisdom, the courage,

MOTHERS'DAY BOOKLETS The myboy lovingwhose attention,small helplessness needed To realizeown, that he has never been truly my Appropriate—Appealing—Original Whose care from his babyhood filled all But is as a boat I have helped build and

Yet Inexpensive my days and my thoughts, launch on the waters.

For Free Samples, Write Now, having scant need of my further and Seaworthy or not, he from henceforth will his tempests, meet ministrations, own fond P. HETTIE FACKRELL

stars, ready the at last, as a birdling, to try And, led by he must find his own, Fisher 180 North Blackfoot, Idaho Stands Avenue, his own wings, harbor at last.

206 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NO TRUER WORDS SelectedPersonallyby a PharmacistRegistered by Elmer S. Crowley 30Day

2ND COUNSELOR, IDAHO FALLS STAKE PRESIDENCY Supply

Timidly, and yet respectfully, the Already Lucie had successfully told $2.98

little immigrant from Mexico, the judge what was contained in

Lucie, stood before the commisthe Bill of Rights. Carefully weighsioner. He was asking her the ing each word she had listed freedom

numerous questions she must answer of speech, freedom of the press, the to qualify for citizenship in the United right to assemble, and freedom of

States, and she was so anxious that religion. So far so good, but now

this time she would succeed. the commissioner had asked her to

Twice before she had faced the explain the meaning of these rights.

commissioner, but each time she had At first she felt a little panicky, but failed to pass the examination. On the advice of her friend rang in her

each occasion her precious citizenears: "Tell him in your own words

ship had eluded her because she was the things you feel in your heart, FEEL YOUR BEST Vunable to answer the question the Lucie."

commissioner was now asking: "What And from her heart came the ando you mean by the Bill of Rights?"swer: "It means you can think what

She knew the answer, of course, you please, say what you please, write but somehow she could never find the what you please, and go to whatever or Virilivites Geriatric right words to express it. This time, church you please."

however, she felt more confident. A The commissioner smiled and

friend of hers—a teacher of American asked: "And do you belong to a HIGH POTENCY VITAMINS

history—had gone over the problem church?"Trade that tired, wornout feeling

with Lucie and assured her that she "Yes, sir, I do."Lucie answered for new energy and well being.

off fatigue chronic and answer. Throw give the rightcould quietly. "The Church of Jesus Christ Virilivites or taking weariness by teacher, history knowing The of of Saints."Latterday Virilivites Geriatric extra energy difficultyLucie's language and of her

"And do you have to belong to that for the older person.intense desire to become a citizen of

church?"queried the commissioner.

I 1the United States, had advised her well. Just before Lucie was called in "Yes, sir, I do,"she responded with3924Emory'sWashingtonCountry ClubBlvd.,DrugOgden,StoreUtah

for questioning, the teacher had said: out hesitation. Here is check or money order for:

"Now, do not try to remember words Then came the commissioner's 30day supplyVIRILIVITESonly 2.98.

final question: "And why must in a book. the commissioner What you Save months supply, 180 capsules, 10%—3only 7.98. particular to that belong church?"wants is whether or not you to know

will be a good American citizen. Tell "Because,"answered Lucie with the 100dayVIRILIVITESsupply, 100 capsulesGERIATRIC8.98.

him in your own words the things words in her heart, "because in Name you feel in your heart, Lucie."America—we must choose the best!"Address

City State

(Tn Utah, add 2% sales tax) MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD Satisfaction guaranteed or your money back (Concluded from page 187) 4. To engage in varied activities, such as I

high priests'presidencies are referred socials,which quorumoutings,membersathletics,mayetc.,be providedthrough

to in July 1954 Era article, "Responmeans to meet adequately their social needs sibilities of Melchizedek Priesthood individually, and as a family, and to extend faith, of fellowship, a feeling Presidencies,"August and Quorum and love as Do you save should all the needs meet of membership. Priesthood "Melchizedek 1954 article,

Quorum and Group Projects,"for Conclusions your Eras?

more detailed information on high It is obvious that if each high priests'quorums opportunities and priests quorum assumes responsibility A 3c stamp sent

Melchizedek activities. the However, for the welfare of all of its members, to lists four priPriesthood Handbook each member dedicate must himself

mary objectives of quorums which to the task imposed upon the quorum.

shall be quoted here: Therefore, a man who accepts the THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

1. To become better acquainted, through office of a high priest accepts the ob50 North Main

careful study, with the doctrines of the gosligation of that calling. He is exSalt Lake City 1, Utah

pel and their applications to life. pected to be loyal and faithful to the

2. To render regularly some service to the Church, to his quorum, to his family, will bring you an

Church. of to every principle truth, divine of care for the personal welfare 3. To and ANNUAL INDEX 1954 to in all priestmagnify respects the inteltemporally, every quorum member,

lectually, and spiritually. hood which he holds.

MARCH 1955 207 Your Page

THE BINGHAM SISTERS ACHIEVE Lynchburg, Va.

Dear Sirs: Dart of missionary adaptation includes a realization of the significance and divinity of the Church. The Improvement Era

has greatly helped me in this, and I have developed a love for the Era as the voice of the Church. I have often wished that I

could have listened to Paul, Alma, Mosiah, or Joseph Smith give their discourses. After reading the Era, a new habit, I sadly confess, I realize that we are living in one of the greatest dispensations

of the gospel, and this time is perhaps the richest in abundance of light and truth.

The Era is now my silent partner in missionary work. I have

found along with my fellow missionary workers that it is a must for investigators who are hungering after the truth.

I gratefully thank you for The Improvement Era and for all that it represents.

In gratitude, /s/ Elder Curtis

Gloria Bingham Beverly Bingham APO San Francisco, California

Dear Sirs: Iloria and Beverly Bingham, sisters, of Weston, Idaho, have an do appreciate The Improvement Era so much. It is like a

** enviable record in Church activities, despite the fact that they I glimpse of home to open its covers and see pictures of people have often had to walk the seven miles between their home and and places dear to my heart. More than this, it is the inspiration

the ward chapel. Both girls have received their achievement from the Lord coming through his servants, our leaders and

awards for five years. Gloria has a one hundred percent record teachers, whose messages it contains.

for three years, another year she would have had one hundred The Improvement Era makes profitable many lonely hours and percent, except for one makeup meeting, and would have had is a boon to spirituality.

one hundred percent again had she not suffered a serious leg May the Lord reward your efforts with the same joy and hapinjury in a truck accident last May. She is still in a cast from piness you have brought to me through The Improvement Era.

the waist down. Beverly has a five year one hundred percent Sincerely,

record of attendance in sacrament, Sunday School, and MIA hi Walter D. Eagar

meetings. They are the daughters of Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Bingham.

Riverside, Calif.

Dear Sirs: You don't know how much the Era is welcomed at our home. It

is truly one of the best magazines.

Wildflecken, Germany I would like to keep it in my home for as long as I can, and

Dear Brethren: please let me know when it expires, for I will like to renew it. I

just want to express how thankful I am to be receiving The have several children and they, too, take pleasure in it. My wife

I Improvement Era each month. Since my opportunities are is saving all the magazines, for she says it is a magazine with clean

limited for attending Church services, I find that by reading The thoughts and that it cannot be discarded. I will be looking forImprovement Era I gain much spiritual food. The advice given ward for my magazine this month.

in the Era by the leadership of our Church is such a great comMay the Lord bless you all for the fine work you are doing and fort while out here. may you all have a prosperous new year.

I ask the Lord to bless you in your work. Your brother,

hi Pfc. J. Ross Williams /s/ Albert P. Guerrero

MILLINGTON NAVAL BASE REPORTS

IDS Servicemen's Group, Millington Naval Base, near Memphis,

Tennessee. The group is functioning

under the direction of the East

Central States Mission.

First row: (left to right) Roland

Cupp, Laurence McNeil, Benson Olsen, Levon Russell Gale (Group

Leader), L. B. Spencer (Tennessee

West District President), Kay Pugmire, and Gilbert Dobbe.

Second row: (left to right) Richard Bronson, Carolyn Shanks, Edna

Johnson, Lucille Whitehead, Ruth

Nelson, Louise Kennedy, and Carol

Denton.

Third row: (left to right) Philip

Neddo, George Whitehead, Marty

Kenyon, Lawrence Nelson (Assistant Group Leader), Betty Frazier, David N. Boston, Dora Bronson, Robert Christenson, and

Warner Poppleton.

208 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA /vuwoMll &ml ten&loju JL co&nA at

the economy tissue with the softness to match its soft lovely colors!

Color in your home is just as important as color in your dress. And ZEE colors are

so right for your bathroom... soft, soft as

this fine quality, economy tissue itself!

A "Fashion Color Recipe"that provides your

conversation piece... fresh or imitation ivy sprig lightly

stitched to gloves. Daisy adds the final style touch I

April Yellow

Ballet Pink

Soff White

Foam Green

}enej mu...

There's something about a dentist's drill that chills the courage of even

a the bravest year founded, the heman. Beneficial was back in 1905, But Our General Agents

it. dental novocaine, surgeon did something about young now He discovered

one of many widely used local anaesthetics that make a visit to the dentist a DavidOgden, C.Utah,Petersen,heads theof

much more tolerable experience... just one of many dental profession adAgencyBeneficialthatLifeservesGeneral

and Northern Utah vances in the past 50 years.

Idaho Southeastern The past half century has brought many advances in insurance benefromoffice inits Ogden'sheadquartersFirst fits, too. BeneficiaPs new "Planned Futures"program is an excellent exSecuritying annex.BankTwentyonebuild-

ample. If you haven't examined your own insurance program for some time, Montpelier,agents are locatedPreston,in

ask your local Beneficial agent to go over it carefully with you, and evaluOgden,and BancroftLogan, inBrighamIdaho;

ate it in terms of your present needs. No obligation, of course. andCity,SmithfieldHyrum, Clearfield,in Utah.

Charles J. Taylor,

C.L.U. heads the Beneficial Life General

Agency with offices at 605 California Building in Oakland, California.BENEFICIAL LIFE Thirteen agents are located in Bay Area

San cities of Oakland, 'r&kitimte ompanu Francisco, Berkeley,

Stockton, San Jose,

Concord, and Palo David O. McKay, Pres Salt Lake City, Utah SantaHill,Alto. Rosa, Pleasant