The Improvement Era November, 1957

AN ORIGINAL PAINTING FOR FRISKIES BY DOUGLASS CROCKWELL

Puppies "dig in"when dinner is Friskies -the balanced diet meatloving dogs love!

IT'S A joy to watch how the food values found in finest clean, meaty taste of Friskies steaks, chops, roasts. Friskies

satisfies eager appetites... to is rich in meat meal, bone meal,

know that your dog is getting liver protein—plus essential

the wellbalanced diet he must vitamins and minerals.

have for growth and vigor. BALANCED diet. Friskies is a

REAL MEAT NOURISHMENT. complete dog food—made to the

Friskies Meal contains in conhigh standards of the Carnation fnJUkuA venient, economical form all the Company. MEAL

A Complete Dog Food For VarietyCanned Friskies

Principal ingredient lean red horse meat. Fully nourishing. Provides (arnation EASIEST MIX OF ALL TO to up twice the nourishment quality products too. quickest, instantly....and Mixes quality of low foods. dog

water. Just at once, add Ready

no waiting. Won't mush. No mess.

ALBERS MILLING CO., DIV. OF CARNATION COMPANY, LOS ANGELES 36, CALIFORNIA Feeding bowl rinses clean.

CHOCOLATE rengums

Smart new party cookie

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

About electrons Not many years ago, physics and chemistry students studying atoms White cocoanut were told about electrons and that cream center- - each atom has a nucleus. In the

1930's the family of elementary particloaked in rich dark chocolate

cles started to grow suddenly with the addition of neutrons and positrons (positive electrons). Now the

family of building components in matter has about 25 members. Only

four of the particles are stable, however; the others decay, some in extremely small fractions of a second.

Temperature no factor In the Utah mountains in early spring almost any aspen forest clearly shows colonies of trees which acquire full leaf two or three weeks earlier than the surrounding stand of aspens. Professor

Walter P. Cottam

of the University of Utah has found that this early leafing by one segment of an aspen forest may be a response to a different temperature, but that in general these earlyleafing colonies represent a different genetic strain, with temperature no factor.

NOVEMBER 1957 769 isSSsSWSSi '...::,.:...:...

"1";;pf:iislI11IP11

The Improvement Era, The Voice of the Church, Volume 60, Number 11, November 1957.

Official organ of the priesthood quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, ward teachers, Music Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Church Features

The Editor's Page: The Gospel of Work President David O. McKay 794

Your Question: The Keys of the Priesthood

President Joseph Fielding Smith 796

Looking Back—and Forward President David O. McKay 801

The Raising of Lazarus—MIA Reading Course: Jesus the Christ—XVII

Doyle L. Green 806

"As We Forgive"Henry D. Moyle 814

Eightpage Insert of Cody Mural 824 ff

The Church Moves On, 791; Mclchizedek Priesthood, Priesthood Reactivation and the

Annual Confidential Visits, 838; The Presiding Bishopric's Page, 840.

Special Features

The Nobility of Labor, a Reprint Heber J. Grant 798

A Tribute to Ruth May Fox Marba C. Josephson 805

Thoughts for Your Inspirational Talk: Faith 813

Leadership Development: Planning Sterling W. Sill 816

Cody Mural Tells History of the Church 819

The Saga of Mormonism Doyle L. Green 820

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans, 860, 874, 878

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 769; These Times, Mr. Hammarskjold's

Problems, G. Homer Durham, 778; Letters and Reports, 788.

Today's Family: The Young Woman's Journal Eileen Gibbons 862

The Vanishing Flowerpot Margaret O. Sheer 868

Cover—The gold plates are

delivered to Joseph Smith—

Stories, Poetry an adaptation of a detail from the Cody, Wyoming Congratulations, Son. J. A. Christensen 802 mural highlighting LDS

To Be a KingVIII Hugh J. Cannon 810 history—photographed

Caprian Adventure John M. Goddard 842 andRumelrecoloredStudio. byArtistHal is

Poetry 799, 800, 809, 812, 817, 858, 867, 872, 874, 878, 880 Edward T. Grigware. For

the reproductions in their entirety see The Saga of David O. McKay and Richard L. Evans, Editors; Doyle L. Green, Managing Editor; Mormonism beginning

Marba C. Josephson, Associate Managing Editor; Elizabeth J. Moffitt, Production Editor; on page 821.

Albert L. Zobell, Jr., Research Editor; Eileen Gibbons, Manuscript Editor; Gordon T.

Allred, Editorial Associate; Ralph Reynolds and Ed Maryon, art directors.

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter,

Hugh Nibley, Claude B. Petersen, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors.

Elbert R. Curtis, General Manager; Bertha S. Reeder, Associate Manager; Verl F.

Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director; Thayer Evans, Regional

Advertising Representative.

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 16, Utah

Christ Associations of Jesus Improvement of the Church Mutual published Funds, by the Copyright Inc., and 1957 by Mutual

in a year, foreign subscriptions, $3.00 in advance; a year, Saints, price, All rights reserved. Subscription of Latterday $ 2.50

advance.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah as seeond-c lass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage

1918. 2, authorize for in section July 1103. d 1917, provided of October Act

are for ipts, paid contributions. Manuscripts on is for welcomes but unsolicited not responsible manuscr Improvement Era The

return. for delivery sufficient and postage of rate ed at must by the a be and ISc acceptance word

issue slip recent from include address please a change, ering a for address. notice required ord of days'change Thirty Whenaccompani

is included. one as well as Id address the unless the o new magazine. cannot Address changes of the be made

Picture Credits and footnotes, page 883. Member, Audit Bureau of Circulation.

770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Printers of TheERAImprovement Through 60 Years of Growth

We are pleased to have had a hand in the development of The Improvement

Era, grown to be the largest magazine in the Intermountain area. Through 60 years it has

brought fine, uplifting reading into the home and has proved a strong voice for culture and knowledge.

With the Era, the Deseret News Press has also grown, so today it offers the largest and most advanced facilities in the entire region. From its presses annually

whirl millions of printed pieces

Pioneer printers since 1850 bound for all parts of the world.

It's a complete, modern printing service for every need.

Deseret News Press The West's Largest and Finest Printers and Binders

Letterpress, Lithography, Electrotyping, Binding 33 Richards St. Salt Lake City, Utah Industrial Center

forNew Christmas gtvtncj

1. PATHWAYS TO HAPPINE!

By President Davi Compiled by Llewelyn R. McKay

Here are guideposts along the pathway which must be trod to reach true happiness and a full, rich life. Written with beauty and inspiration, skill

and imagination, "Pathways to Happiness"reflects the noble thoughts and aracter of the author. $3.95

2. THE MORMON STORY

By Rulon S. Howells

Here is a unique treasure that should be a part of every Latterday Saint's library. A book to keep; a book

to loan; a book to give. Hundreds of rare photographs,

beautiful fullcolor paintings, and skilful illustrations vividly portray all the significant events in the restoration, growth and progress of the Church. There is no

other book like it. Children will be fascinated with the

picture story; adults... in and out of the Church...

will be thrilled and inspired. $3.95

3. THE EVERLASTING THINGS

By Richard L. Evans

The seventh volume of priceless literary gems taken from the worldfamous "Spoken Word"from Temple

Square. More than 100 separate sermonettes covering

a wide range of stimulating topics, each eloquently written as only Richard L. Evans can present it. $3.00

F V

772 the improvement era 4. L.D.S. STORIES OF FAITH AND COURAGE

By Preston Nibley An outstanding compilation of faithpromoting, exciting adventures written for the youth of the Church to build integrity, resourcefulness,courage, and stability. An excellent I STORIES'! School, Primary,supplement Scout and for Sunday /

Priesthood studies. $2.25!..FAITH ", v.--*** **%

5. ABOUT BAPTISM

By Emma Marr Petersen The wonderful adventure stories that happen in the life ofa little orphan boy from Denmark subtly tell the story ABOUT in theof baptism as practiced L.D.S. Church.

skilfully for baptismdren Prepares chilIAPTISM j as the author weaves sound gospel doctrine into a great adventure story easily understood by youngsters. $1.50 Jffm\

&* f

THREE MORMON CLASSICS

Compiled by Preston Nibley Thrilling, fascinating stories of miracles, healings, mob persecutions, and faithpromoting experiences. "Leaves From My Journal,"by

Wilford Woodruff; "My First Mission,"by George Q. Cannon; and

"Jacob Hamblin,"by James A. Little. #3.25

7. REVELATION

By Lewis J. Harmer

A full and convincing analysis of revelation throughout Church history and today. Many unquestionable

examples of revelation help solidify an understanding. #3.25

FINDING YOUR FOREFATHERS IN AMERICA By Archibald F. Bennett

Here is the knowhow to become a skilled researcher.

Richly illustrated throughout 35 chapters, this book will help the reader to train himself in the principles of scientific genealogical research.

#3.95

| BOOKCRAFT 1157 \ | 1186 South Moin St., Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled books for which I I 1 *""-* order. h. enclose i Ilusir i l MB mm. >tf-.- mwk WM

"f% 8! 1 $12 3 in 4 ( )5 check6 ( 7 ) money.**":-r""i= w"a m

rrv.i t-;: *,C; Name g L.D.S. DVVll%KArVVPUBLISHERS THE TRADE TO

\ ""—-s=; Address mm

c ity State.:;:;:;:v:'X':o:y/Ov;x..w.y/C-iy 1186 SOUTH MAIN HU 7-7488 J

NOVEMBER 1957 773 9. DOCTRINES OF SALVATION, Vols. I, II, III

Sermons and Writings of Joseph Fielding Smith

Compiled by Bruce R. McConkie

A wealth of heretofore unpublished information on vital gospel doctrines... written with rare spiritual insight.

This easyto-understand series authoritatively answers many questions concerning man's salvation. #3.25 each

10. ETERNAL QUEST

By Hugh B. Brown

The quest for truth is eternal... and with Elder Brown

as the guide, truth is sought out in such an interesting, logical, and entertaining way that the reader is constantly stimulated and inspired. Contains valuable helps

for teachers, speakers, and church leaders. #3.50

Mf***01

%*t

15. L.D.S. ADVENTURE

IT. IF I WERE IN MY STORIES

TEENS By Preston Nibley Improvement Era cles by famous men artiand Intriguing,adventure storiesfastmoving,depict women. #2.00 faith and courage. #2.00

12. FOR TIME OR 16. AN ETERNITY? ADVENTURE tfn&th'IN FAITH By E. Petersen Mark

The fascinating story of By S. Dilworth Young

a young couple prepar- A faithpromoting novel ing for marriage. #2.00 of a young English lad

13. TO LOVE AND who was shipwrecked

TO CHERISH and rescued, and joined

By Emma Marr Petersen the famed Mormon BatThe absorbing drama of talion's trek West. #1.75

broken marriage vows 17. PAUL OF TARSUS ultimate and triumph.

By Dr. Deta Petersen Neeley #2.00

14. CHOOSE YE THIS Here is an absorbing

DAY account of Paul and his By Emma Marr Petersen testimony that he saw

The struggle which some the Risen Lord. Anyone

students face in reconwith fourth grade readciling science with reing ability can underligion. #2.00 id every word. #2.00

ESPECIALLY WRITTEN FOR

YOUTH: BY EMMA MARR PETERSEN 18. Book of Mormon Stories—For Young

Latterday Saints $3.00

19. Bible Stories—For Young Latterday

Saints $3.00

20. The Story of Our Church—For Young

Latterday Saints $3.00

BY DR. DETA PETERSEN NEELEY

21. The Journey to the Promised Land.$1.75

22. The Precious Land of Promise $1.75

23. The Land of Their Inheritance $1.75

24. The Savior Comes to the Promised Land....$1.75

774 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DOLLAR BOOKS (Pocket Size) 25. WHY I BELIEVE, by George Edward Clark 41.00

26. GOLDEN NUGGETS OF THOUGHT, Vols. I and II,

by Ezra L. Marler Each..$1

27. A LETTER TO MY SON, by Ora Pate Stewart $1.

28. A LETTER TO MY DAUGHTER, by Ora Pate Stewart $1.

29. MINUTE MASTERPIECES, by Lucy Gertsch Thomson $1.

30. SOMEWHERE I'VE READ, by Lucy Gertsch Thomson $1.

31. GEMS OF THOUGHT, by Dr. Milton R. Hunter $1.

32. GOSPEL SERMONETTES, by Dr. Milton R. Hunter....$1.

33. STORY CLASSICS, by Albert L. Zobell, Jr $1.

34. STORYTELLER'S SCRAPBOOK,

by Albert L. Zobell, Jr. $1.00

GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH IN ENGLAND AND WALES

By Frank Smith and David E. Gardner

The expert knowhow contained in this volume will save researchers countless hours by unlocking the door to the past. $3.25

HANDY BOOK FOR GENEALOGISTS By George Everton, Sr., and Gunnar Rasmuson

Here is an excellent reference work for the genealogist. Each page is crammed with factual

data: Maps, histories, references, and address

of archives and record keepers in each state of the union and most of the European countries. $2.50

37. DELUXE BINDERS

Expandable. Rich leatherette embossed with gold.

Five temples from which to choose. Heavy duty

hinge. #5.00

38. TEMPLE BINDERS

Expandable. Rich leatherette embossed with gold. Five temples

from which to choose. #3.00

For Your Missionary Son or Daughter 39. TEACHING THE GOSPEL WITH PRAYER AND TESTIMONY

By Willard A. Aston

The author of the Churchwide plan for teaching the gospel reveals the technique which has increased the effectiveness of missionary work. Teaches the gospel... and teaches

how to teach! #3.00

MATTHEW COWLEY, Man of Faith By Henry A. Smith

The absorbing story of a beloved Apostle. $3.50

41. MOTHERHOOD, A Partnership With God

Compiled by Harold Lundstrom The rich collection of inspired wisdom in this volume will add success and happiness to the life of every wife and mother. #3.50

TRUTHS 42. GOSPEL

and Writings of President George Q. Cannon Discourses

Compiled by Jerrald L. Newquist

President Cannon here reveals many eternal truths. #3.95

43. THE FIRST 2,000 YEARS

A fascinating book whichBy W.coversCleon Skousenmany salient facts from the

time of Adam to the days of Abraham. #3.25

I BOOKCRAFT 1157 1186 South Main St.. Salt Lake City, Utah

i Please send the following circled books for which 1

enclose $ in ( ) check ( ) money order 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 BOOKCRAFT!PUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE J Name

::::::::*Xv:v >:;:;::>:...--..-..-...-..-..-........-.-..-.....-..-:.-.:.,.v.--:.:-'.::..:..:-.......-..-.\v.-.sv.*.v.'.*.v.-..%..%.*..*...v.v/jj.>Mrt I Address

CityState. '''.'/.'.'/.'. >X'>Xw.'Mo:-:- 1186 SOUTH MAIN HU 7-7488 |

NOVEMBER 1957 775 There's a place for YOU at BYU

Everybody is somebody at Brigham Young University, even though it is the largest university in the intermountain area. Students live in familysized groups in comfortable

residences; clubs are open to all;

a large faculty gives personal attention in comparatively small classes; the BYU Stake of

1 8 wards is made up entirely of students. Thus BYU gives all

of the advantages of the big

university, yet all the friendliness and attention of the small

college. Put yourself in this

picture—there is a place

for you.

—Plan Now To Attend—

WINTER QUARTER REGISTRATION JANUARY 3-4, 1958

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

776 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ANOTHER GREAT NEW BOOK FOR CLUB MEMBERS!

"Pathways to Happiness"By President David 0. McKay

Compiled by Llewelyn R. McKay

Begin your membership with this inspiring volume and.

build a prized Church library systematically and economically the LDS Books Club way. "Pathways to

Happiness"is an ideal book with which to begin your membership, for here is found the secret path which must be trod to find true happiness and a full, rich life. Here

are the profound thoughts, noble emotions, and keen insight of the author, a great man who has successfully devoted a lifetime to bringing happiness to others. Each

chapter contains practical, downto-earth helps—written

with skill and imagination, wisdom and beauty to inspire the soul. A significant and enriching addition to your

library. #3.95

CHOOSE FREE BONUS BOOKS HOW THE CLUB PLAN SAVES YOU 20%

LIST. TYPICAL THIS FROM mailed will be reviews printed 1. These With every thru four books the thorities. you buy constantly are ones(And new being named the books of. with one to you.. being LDS receive Club, a fifth Books FREE you book added.) the receive to If wish you... bookof-themonth. five as a choice bonus book get thus you

to THE sent it will you OF DISCOURSES be nothing—do you book Church books for the price of four, a savings of top

SMITH JOSEPH PROPHET If not you do statement. a with along postpaid approximately 20%. P. Burton Alma procard the post return book, you the want

join 2. THE OF to ordering Happiby TEACHINGS "Pathways You all). at (or selection none alternate for an vided COVENANTS DOCTRINE AND selections or or alternate of ness"the one more club four book Berrett E. purchased William 4. have After you described as as 4 order below. few You may book free bonus select your selections, you may PRICE COMMENTARY GREAT OF PEARL to year active a books keep your membership which books list choice Church of R. Hunter long a Milton from

or or books order each you one... more may provided. will be HIGH THE MOST OF TEMPLES if desire. month you

B. Lundwall N. to club available are books 5. Church Other

PAUL'S LIFE AND LETTERS 3. Each month, several carefully selected books members through the club. However, nonbook-

Dr. Sidney B. Sperry will be reviewed for you by L.D.S. doctrinal auclub selections will not carry bonus credit.

CHERISHED EXPERIENCES O. David President McKay FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON NOW! Middlemiss Clare by Compiled

PRIESTHOOD AND IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII

GOVERNMENT CHURCH Widtsoe LDS BOOKS CLUB, 161 East Utopia Avenue, Salt Lake City 15, Utah John A.

VITALITY OF MORMONISM Gentlemen:

Dr. James E. Talmage Please enroll me as a member of the LDS BOOKS CLUB and send me the selections indicated

THE STORY OF OUR CHURCH FOR below.

YOUNG LATTERDAY SAINTS Emma Marr Petersen NAME REVELATION Lewis J. Harmer ADDRESS -

MISSIONARY AND SERMONS SERVICES CITY AND STATE J. BALLARD MELVIN OF

Bryant S. Hinckley Amount of check or money order enclosed $ (Utah residents add 2% sales tax.)

PSease send "Pathways to Happiness"by President David O. McKay. $3.95

- ALTERNATES - SALVATION, DOCTRINES OF E. Talmage CHRIST, by Dr. James THE JESUS ea. II HI ( 5325 Vols. S3. 00

inunpublished) heretofore( ), of treasuryI ( ), A mission. of and His the Messiah docgospel debated on much A study formation

MIA reading course for two years. trines vital to man's salvation.

JOSEPH SMITHSEEKER AFTER TRUTH, BOOKLATTERDAYOF MORMONSAINTS, STORIESby EmmaFORMarrYOUNG

A. Widtsoe John $3.00 by Dr. GOD, $3.75 Petersen OF PROPHET

... reading for look children Everything of the greatness the into insight keen A excitement intrigue, andin adventure, heroes, fascinating thru a Smith Joseph Prophet of Morthe stories Book from true... all

portrayal of his accomplishments. mon.

(If you do not wish to mutilate your Era, send necessary information on separate sheet.)

Club LDS Books NOVEMBER 1957 777 These Times

that adds to the Z7vewe&ef$<0e MR. HAMMARSKJOLD'S PROBLEMS

of your by Dr. G. Homer Durham

religious service Vice President, University of Utah

What are the crucial issues conlead their people step by step"tofronting you and your particular job ward some solution.

in life? Could you list and describe

them? 2. The United Nations Emergency

The Secretary General of the Force (UNEF)

United Nations, Dag Hammarskjold, has currently one of the most compliFirst of its kind, and created durcated tasks in the world. Here is ing the Suez crisis of 1956, the

his view of his job and its problems UNEF receives considerable comas contained in the introduction to ment in connection with the topic his annual report, released Septemabove. Mr. Hammarskjold believes

Playing dimensions and console arrangeber 4, 1957. The topics found therethis small force has "been a prements conform rigidly to the specifications in represent the major issues now condition for the maintenance of

of the American Guild of Organists. under discussion at the Thirteenth general quiet"in the Suez area.

A Wutlitzer Church Organ offers Generalvenient checkAssembly.list carefullyHere isdigesteda consuchStudiesa forceare beinginto amadepermanentof makingelerich, worshipful tone—a reverent and from the extensive document issued ment "that could be activated on

moving contribution to the Church in September by the UN's principal short notice in future emergencies."

Service. administrative officer.

It places at the command of any 3. The Suez Canal

organist an infinite range of tradi- 1. The Palestine Question

tional organ voices. Transmitted by Clearance of the Canal "under the

Wurlitzer's High Fidelity Sound SysIn addition to the United Nations United Nations flag was the first tem, the result is glorious organ Emergency Force as a new policing undertaking of its kind attempted music... truly Music's Richest Voice. mechanism, the UN is seen as having by world organization."

"two special responsibilities"in the The Canal was reopened to full

WurliTzer Organs IsraeliArabtaining the armisticesituation:agreementsFirst, mainen- thetrafficsalvagein Apriloperation1957.wasThe$8,600,000.cost of

FREE second,dorsed theby "humanitarianthe Security responsiCouncil; Theshippingsixyear-oldis still inquestiondispute. ofButIsraelithe

Church Organ bility"for the Palestine refugees Egyptian government has accepted jurisdiction care compulsory Interthe by (a innational Court Fund Raising Kit for(mostlynine Arabs)years. nowThe underSecretaryUN Genof Justice UN

The Wurlitzer Company eral notes that the problems of the strument) in legal disputes arising

Dept. IE1157, DeKalb, 111. Arab refugees "remain unsolved by "between the parties to the ConPlease send me information about the the Governments upon whom rests stantinople Convention of 1888,"

Fund Raising Kit and Wurlitzer Organs. their hope for a life more consonant (which is helpful to Britain, France,

NAME... with human dignity."He expresses Italy, and the West).

the hope that the UN can help "to ( Continued on page 781 ADDRESS...

L CITY ZONE....STATE

778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA bright'ner fronTBgttijdocks* A breakfast

1 PancakesAm>le tastetaste wonderfulwonderful * r:,i TheTheThe imagine,1. "just den.tender te b g in every apple o baked

buttermlk a Crocker'. Just grate Pa

Sperr*

/T-General1 Mills

Medal Flour -*h GMMrnld Merake* Waffle Mi*

THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT A PUMPKIN, sunning itself in a field at fall, that just naturally conjures up visions of the good things of life... like a

goldenbrown pumpkin pie, with its special spicy flavor and meltin-yourmouth goodness. For Thanksgiving and other specialoccasion days this fall, you'll want

plenty of U and I Sugar on hand. Make sure you have the complete U and I family

of fine sugars: Powdered, Brown, Fine Granulated and Superfine Dessert.

THE UTAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPANY 780 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BUILD MASONRY AROUND Mr. Hammarskjold's Problems was included in the new state.

9. The International Court of Justice

-The <fupJU0iHeat (Continued) Hammarskjold regrets that only Circulating Fireplace Unit of eightyfour states (out4. The Hungarian Question thirtytwo accepted HEATFORM retains the hospitality of court) have parties to the

Although compliance by Britain, the principle of compulsory jurisdicthe open hearth, yet provides a fireFrance, and Israel was noted with tion. Reservations filed by some of place with furnace efficiency. Heating

respect to the Suez crisis, "there was the thirtytwo cause him to express chambers around the firebox and upper no compliance"by Russia in the case "concern,"that the whole system of throat capture and circulate a large of Hungary. As a result Russia was compulsory jurisdiction may be "ilvolume of heat lost to the chimney by

the object of resolutions of conlusory."More frequent recourse to the oldfashioned fireplace.

demnation, and a UN investigation. the court is urged. Because HEATFORM is a complete guide for the

Mr. Hammarskjold states quietly masonry walls (hearth to flue) consisting of firesaving damper, throat, and smokedome, box, Social Growth will 10. question Economic and Hungarianthat "The a damper, separate firebrick labor, and some the Assemonce more beforecome little the than costs fireplace more HEATFORM

gains have been made Remarkablebly."1 fireplace. allmasonry

but Mr. 1945, in the world since

in times over is returned many cost extra is The others, like many Hammarskjold, In cold5. The Role of the United Nations living. comfortable fuel and economy

in General concerned with inflation. Better use climates, a HEATFORM fireplace furnishes all

and development of world resources the heat required during fall and spring the operating of the saving expense months; organization the that Noting is is urged.

climates, a In mild system. heating central Secretary Genthe superstate, anot

is reall the heat often fireplace HEATFORM as instrument "an sees eral the Technical Assistance 11. UN home. the average quired in

negotiation to somefor among, and for, governments."extent He also The UN technical assistance protionBuild room,a HEATFORMfamily room,fireplaceor inin yourany roomden, recreawhere

finds it to be "an instrument added gram "lacks adequate resources"uniform heat is desired. In mountain or laketo the timehonored means of diplodespite a budget increase granted shore cabins, a HEATFORM fireplace will add

macy for concerting action by govone year ago. Some operations in many weeks of vacation pleasure.

ernments...."The UN is "an Africa, nonetheless, have been "exadmittedly imperfect but indispenstended."

able instrument of nations in working for a peaceful evolution toward 12. An International Administrative

a more just and secure world order."Service

6. Disarmament Mr. Hammarskjold recommended

such a corps earlier. He would still

Largely with respect to the Lonlike to see it in the field, in connecdon subcommittee meetings, Hamtion with technical assistance acModel "A"HEATFORM fireplace.

marskjold believes "this year has tivities. Air inlets at ends of raised

witnessed the most sustained and hearth. For greater heat delivery, warm air outlet on face. intensive efforts... to find common 13. Human Rights

ground"in the past four years.

the heretofore with Concerned 7. Atomic Energy of genestablishment definition and

The International Atomic Energy eral standards, the Secretary General

Agency was finally brought into would now like to see "the developexistence in August 1957 (the US ment of the means for nations and ratified the agreement earlier) and peoples to enter into a free exheld its first session in Vienna, change of experience in the protecAustria, in October. A Radiation tion of human rights."

Committee "has made progress"in its surveys "on the effects of radia14. Coordination of Major Tasks in

Social, Economic, and Huthe scientific Another tion on health."

fireplace Heatform Model "S"Field Rights man uses of peaceful conference on the front of fire from affords view the atom is scheduled for summer and either side. Air inlet and

1958. The Social and Economic Council outlet on right same as on left.

has been asked to review its proBe- advantages. exclusive has many in terms of their scope, trend, HEATFORM 8. grams Ghana

fireplace, WRITE or your remodel fore you build and cost.

information by technical FREE complete for the 81st member of the UN, As for nearest authority; also leading America's

admitted in March 1957, Ghana in15. New Refugee Problems source of supply. ACCEPT NO SUBSTITUTE.

volved the first trust territory to HEATFORM HAS NO EQUAL!

full selfgovern- of attain the status in 1957 problems New refugee inSUPERIOR FIREPLACE CO. British as ment inasmuch of 170,000 Hunthe status Togoland cluded

See page 883 for footnote. garians ( Concluded on page 877) Dept. IE572 Dept. IE572

4325 Artesia Ave. 601 North Point Rd.

Fullerton, Calif. Baltimore 6, Md.

NOVEMBER 1957 781 For the days after Christmas... and success in the years ahead—give Childcraft

Here's one gift that can't be measured in money, for it the most important gift you can give. It encourages

the benefits of Childcraft last a lifetime. Childcraft is the habit of learning, creates eagerness to discover new

fun, certainly. It fills every exciting "growingup"day knowledge, helps prepare your child for school. Indeed,

with things to make and do, with stories, poems, and the Childcraft background will be evident in every pictures to add to the adventure of childhood. Children phase of his personality.

become familiar with music, science, and the wonders The special order blank below makes Childcraft easy of the world we live in. to own, easy to order. Make sure it heads your

The farreaching effects of Childcraft, however, make Christmas list.

Order by mail today for Christmas delivery!

MY ORDER FOR CHILDCRAFT 324-A Corporation Educational EnterprisesChildcraftAmerica's famous child development plan Field 54, Illinois Plaza, Chicago Merchandise Mart enclosing volumes. in 15 I am complete Childcraft, set of one send Please me

rate of $5.00 at the balance the agree to pay for and $5.00 order check a or money

charges and transportation plus price $79.50, of until the complete per month

legal age. of certify that is paid. I hereby tax, if any, I am

Signature WriteDo Not Print Mail Address Street and Number

City State (In Full) County Name (Print Clearly) X oO aa.. Street and Number

(In Full) State -cltT—5

St., East, Toronto 5, Ont. Field Educational Enterprises of Canada, Ltd., 85 Bloor write In Canada,

How Standard helps your tax dollars buy 3 miles of superhighway for the cost of 2

Progress in the West means.

Asphalt can save billions of dollars on the 1+1,000 miles of superhighways the

U.S. will build in the next 15 years

Heavy Duty Asphalt Costs 20% to 50% Less Than

Other Pavements. This means extra miles of superhighways

for your tax dollars... smoother, more enjoyable miles, too.

Safe, skidresistant asphalt cuts down headlight and sunlight glare, makes lane markers easy to see.

To help bring you more miles of superroads faster and at lowest cost, Standard* operates nine asphalt refineries across over 50,000 miles of new and the nation. Our scientists work with highway engineers on improved highways by 1970

improved construction methods and the kind of lowcost maintenance that can make asphalt highways even better * Through Standard's wholly owned subsidiary, and stronger after many years of service. American Bitumuls and Asphalt Company

STANDARD OIL. COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

plans ahead to serve you better

NOVEMBER 1957 783 Another outstanding KSLTV educational service

Especially for preschool children

The "Romper Room"school is a television educaThe teacher is "Miss Nancy,"a highly qualified tional feature presented every weekday at 10 a. m. on teacher with wide and diversified experience with

KSLTV, channel 5. It has proved to be an invaluable youngsters, including being a mother of two preaid to preschool youngsters and their conscientious school children.

parents in cities throughout the country. KSLTelevision, along with Cream O'Weber and

It provides your child—and you—the opportunity Cottonwood Dairies, welcome you and your family

of seeing what children the same age are doing, what to the "Romper Room"... a service to the people of

interests them, and how they respond to the various this area.

activities presented on the program. Watching regularly,

child your the will learn importance of being a coweekdays at 10 a.m. operative of a group member and will be conditioned

to the atmosphere of school.

Activities in the "Romper Room"school include:

of Pledge Prayer Time Allegiance Rhythm Band

Singing Story Games Time Look 'N See The KSL #TVcHANNEL

Famous "Mr. Do Bee"and many others. CBSfor the Mountain West

784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OF WORDS A MUSIC TO *VU mems BRIGHTEN YOUR

Let these beautiful 12"longplaying, high fidelity, Century priceless collection A of all time Christthe homes of friends and loved mas favorites inones this holiday season with cludes: Deck The of Vol. 7 A inspiring lovely music and Halls, Silent Night, Treasured Hymns. MormonCollection

All FaithCome Ye all will treasured be that words. album by Gifts endure are This

ful, Night, Holy favorite are such who by etc. long $3.98 remembered. as: / know That Mormon inspiredHymns

My Redeemer Lives, O My Father,

Come, Come Ye Saints, etc, $3.98

Speak OXT3R. XJESa\X> 33S 3Pt At Our LeadersToVol.Youth16

Authorities General to x-OTjrri* cluding20 Testimonies of the Pres. David in-O.

McKay, Stephen L Richards, Joseph Fielding Smith, Matthew

Cowley, etc. $3.98

The Mormon Choir of k Southern California W 200voice Choir sings selections performed in the

L.A. Temple, Holly

woodTV networksBowl, on$3.98Radio &

JL. Vol. 12 Belshazzar's Feast

a Jessie Vol.Evans10 Smith TheB.Y.U.combinedMusic Dept.resources(600 particiof the

the greatest one of pants) perform Soloist with Tabernacle of centhe masterworks sacred songs choral Choir sings by A. W. "Mickey"tal- $3.98

Hart: The Missionary.

He That Hath Clean Hands, etc. $3.98

J. Karl Wood Readings

for Latterday Saints |f Outstanding narrated by Francis readingsU rry A J. Moroni Olson, Wendell UTOKIO

Noble, etc. 2-12"records

$3.98 per set i0Mytij[>

14 Oratorio From The Book of Mormon LeRoy J. Robertson's famous

XJ musicalSymphonymasterpiece.Orchestra Theand Utahcombined choruses of the Univ. of

Utah. $3.98

Singers, Madrigal Vol. B.Y.U. releases: 1 - The Century Other

Vol. (B.Y.U. Vol. Choir, Rhythm - Young 6 Vol. B.Y.U. 2 - A Capella Organ3, 4, 5

Singers. Madrigal Songs-B.Y.U. 15 -Patriotic Vol. Band), for Dance Accompaniment

L.D.S. Hymns

can have you Now ac- "I beautiful organ companiment for CENTURY DISTRIBUTING CO. Box 308, Saugus, Calif.

your group on best loved L.D.S. Hymns Gentlemen: '-:'

special for music and encircled the records: Please following prepaid) {postage send occasions Christmas, me ttiViri'

etc. Patriotic, Easter,

1 2 3 8 VOL. 9 13 12 14 10 15 16 7 L "-* Vol. ea. $3.98 'WY;:'..1

in of find the order Enclosed check amount $ O, 4,5 money6

Name. (Please print) MUSIC FOR

-Zone -State. ZH J

Taxi (California Residents add 4% Sales

NOVEMBER 1957 785 <*taM"wp'or l "'Too gifts from 10 c Postage Christmas Land

10 bright gift ideas to make your shopping easier. You'll

find these thrifty items and many more enchanting gifts in ZCM! Christmas selections*

"Hearts"jewelry for any age. Dainty sterling hearts

sparked with rhinestones.

Necklace, bracelet, earrings, 1.98 ea.

JOc Postage Dacroncotton roll sleeve shirt in white, beige, pink, blue, green, red, gold. 3038. 4.98

15c Postage College Town wool flannel slim skirt in navy, brown, black or grey. Sizes 8-18.

23c Postage 5.98 q CVvaf9e

Glamorous Ming Coat robe f>< in Golden Sand, Aqua, wcW> Coral or Black. Sizes S, M,

L. 10.98 23c Postage Some things a fellow has to find out for himself "Let me, Mommy... I can do it!"He may tie CURIOSITY, THE GREAT TEACHER book of knowledge does the most important

his with shoe knots than It all. to bows... more want of more, he read job makes him may a ask he thousand questions? one Does and

fasten his coat left a It over. have button and confidence the gives and him more. know to to won't have look a puzzled parent or He

the wise parent these But of eager welcomes that the foundation are learning of love a for the toobusy teacher right answers. From

efforts. is, is For as he give child young your career. even can great every school Not first the turns the he moment page, your

already initiative the that showing can...byfindso this means child your opportunity.You it is child discovers to easy look how up

to his future happiness.much now. of knowledge ing the about out book the answers himself. to for like he Does

his use will hands? of the book knowledge HELP HELP HIM HIMSELF TO GIFT FREE CHILDREN FOR YOUR A

to teach a cat or a him telephone draw make that.. watch face, determinedYou those fum24-page the Carpet". a new Magic "Ride

its that works. In pages, finds child 7,600 your fingers. bling young you And full wonder,"How color can beautiful in that reproduces booklet of to things hundreds do... and make so many?"I to help help himself my child knowledge. Thousands of book actual pages from the to help ways himself, you'll hear, again never parents of have the smoothed with way Its rhymes, nursery quizzes, games, and

I shall what do "Mommy, now?"the... the book that OF knowledge answers its work fascinating questions and and

translates all the world's wisdom into the lanwill give your child hours of fun and inguage of childhood. Every syllable in this great READERS MAKE LEADERS struction. To get your child's copy simply

work is designed to stimulate your child's With its fascinating format, its more than mail the coupon today. There is no obligadesire to do and think and learn for himself. 13,000 pictures, its storytelling articles, the tion, of course.

IV L L for your boy ongg girl... this delightful color booklet

MAIL THIS FREE BOOKLET COUPON GROLIER SOCIETY, DEPT. A THE BOOK 2013 South 26th East, Salt Lake City 8, Utah

Please send me "ride the macic carpet", the 24page full color booklet taken from the newest revision of |The book of knowledge. I understand it is FREEOF KNOWLEDGE and without any obligation whatsoever.

The Children's Encyclopedia There are children in my family, ages

A publication of The Grolier Society Inc. namecity zone

STEP UP YOUR INCOME! Illustrated booklet ten minutes with your future tells county state!

in or career U.S.A. or anywhere work parttime Incomes Canada. Build a new how.you

in booklet write L. address free coupon, average. L. Stoe, at For abovefar or call '- i—a—Nov.——'57 -1I own—the—book——of—knowledge.——- The—Imp.—Era,—4-5425.HUnter Il—GrolierCheck—Society—here—if—you The

NOVEMBER 1957 787. Salt Lake City.

Air Capital of the West!

Letters WESTERN AIRLINES 7 flights now assure you of modern air service to 45 cities in the West and -with connections to all the world! Reports

Montreal, Quebec ENJOY AMERICA'S DC6B Dear Editors, Canada

SMARTEST AIR SERVICE LUXURY FLIGHTS I should like to take advantage of this to opportunity say that Improvement The MinneapolisDenver and to... at no Nonstop compare beyond Luxury

in the instrumental studying Era was my

Angeles, to Los St. Paul. Nonstop dining, orchids extra fare! Gourmet of the gospel a becoming and member

for the ladies, many other San FranciscoOakland, and Reno. Church. Now I feel that the beauty of

delightful extras! Convenient departures. this gospel lies in the fact that we all work

together with a common purpose to bring to the Lord as many souls as will accept his teachings. It is not yet a year and

a half since I became a member, but I have been encircled in the arms of the

Lord's love and have become a happy person as I never even dreamed of being. Now

I would like to make a suggestion. Would

it be possible to have a special page dedicated to the purpose of bearing testimony?

MODERN DC6B DELUXE PRESSURIZED EveryWatts'timein theI readMarcha letterissue,likeI feelSistermyLeoneown

AIRCOACH FLIGHTS CONVAIRS NORTHBOUND testimony increases as well. Could we

Western's 4-engine DC6B aircoach, Headed for Idaho, Montana, or Canhave more of those?

"The Night Owl,"offers you presada? Western's deluxe pressurized Sincerely your brother,

surized comfort at coach economy. Convairs turn those weary miles in- /s/ Leo Trepanier MinneapolisSt. Paul, $50.75. Las—"r to pleasant minutes!

Vegas, $20.05. Los Angeles, $30.25.

Boise, Idaho Dear Editors, I love the Era. I think it is a marvelous

magazine. One of the things I like most

about it is the full page of poetry and the page with a picture and a short poem;

generally these pages are about the tenth and eleventh. They are always so impressive and have a lovely thought.

Thank you.

Sincerely, /s/ Melva Thomas

APO San Francisco Dear Editors, I would like very much to express my thanks for the wonderful work that has been put into this fine book, and for the stories, all for most of and To Mexico City inspirational

Fielding President Joseph the work of

Smith in answering the various questions. WESTERN They seem to radiate the true spirit of

wisdom and knowledge according to the plan of salvation. If one has ever read AIRLINES other answers to questions of this nature

788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Grown up together...

the West and

The West and The Colorado Fuel and Iron Corporation have grown up together. For it was the Colorado Coal and Iron Company (later renamed

The Colorado Fuel and Iron Company) that poured the first steel made west of the Missouri River. It was back in 1882 when the West was just beginning

to stir from its slumber.

Today, CF&I has a nationwide network of steel mills throughout the country. Ingot production has increased steadily from those early days but

this is just one indication of CF&I's growth. Many new products have been

added through the years for the diversified needs of Western Farmers,

Ranchers and Industries.

Since 1904, CF&I has maintained a District Sales Office in Salt Lake

City. Ever alert to the rapidly expanding industrial growth of the Utah

Area, CF&I has recently increased its warehouse facilities for more complete service to our many loyal customers.

THE COLORADO FUEL AND IRON CORPORATION 212 West 13th South Street

Salt Lake City 4, Utah NOVEMBER 1957 789 hen you give a Bible and compared them with those of President Smith, there is only one conclusion to someone you love thatthat onewe ascan memberspossibly make,of the andChurchthat ofis

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints are truly - give the finest! ledAgain,by inspiredthanks men.for everything. The month

would be incomplete without the Era.

My prayers are with you good brethren.

Sincerely yours, hi Sgt. Jesse W. Oakes

Fort Gordon, Georgia Dear Editors, I would like to take, this opportunity to express my sincere thanks to the Church and to my elders quorum at home for making such a wonderful publication available to me.

Having been recently asked to assume the duties of group leader here at Fort

Gordon, I have come to rely more and more on the Era as a source of inspiration are traditionally the most beautiful, and knowledge to assist me. The many

fine articles serve well in strengthening nsurpassed in craftsmanship the testimonies of those of us here at Fort handbound in leathers of the Gordon. I assure you the Era makes the

first quality...superb examples mightrounds benefit.of the servicemen so that we all

of the bookmaker's art.. Keep up the 'fine work. We all enjoy

they cost only a little more and your efforts more than words could express.

ir value far exceeds their price. Sincerely,

hi Gary R. Smith

3ot Someone special Mother and Dad 02227x The outstanding Bible of 179x A new Scofield Concordance the year luxe Bible a de at an—Bible large with type, in bound has recentlygroup A servicemen's irresistibly price. low Marrakesh luxurious grain natural Morocco, VirFort Belvoir, organized at been Persian binding, leather Morocco leather gift lined. that will A superb

lined. Centercolumn references, be treasured forever. 5Vi x 8'/8, ginia. It is under the direction of

Concordance, new Bible Study only %"thick. $22.00 the Alexandria (Virginia) Ward bishHelps, 12 pages of colored maps. opric, with SP3 Merrill Martin of

features. other Numerous 5\lVs, as leadEvanston, group Wyoming, reader studious Zke only i%(>"thick. In red or of the selected Book large er. They have size Scofield Referblack, 172 A $10.75 only

ence Bible bound in sturdy MorocZke bride coette at a moderate price. Includes

01 1 52x Bound in washable white Concordance and all the Scofield

French Morocco over flexible liner, features. 5Vi x 8</s x IW. $10.00

with round corners and silver edges.

Marriage Certificate. Gift boxed. Zke student

3% x5%, only %"thick. $5.75 22 Young and old, ministers, too,

Zke bride and groom helpsare findingof thethePilgrimunique Editionnotes andof 158x A Scofield Bible ideal for inestimable aid to a better underfamily use. Contains Concordance, standing of the Bible. Notes, refDictionary of Scripture Proper erences and helps appear on the

Names, Subject Index, and colored same page with the verse to which

Atlas. with indexed maps Bound refer. in they index, Comprehensive their material. as lesson Mormon or red black French Morocco, chronologies, maps, and many

(first include the group Members of lined, leather gold roll. with Famother special features. In blue Moily Record. 43A xV/1Q x V/s". roccoette. 5Vs x 7 3/s x l 5/s". $9.50 row, left to right ) Larry Kay Juchau,

$16.50 Lucille Orrock, Charles Eitelgeorge,

John R. Kunz (instructor), Carolyn

x indicates edition on Oxford's famous Ultrathin India paper K. Kunz, Dorothy Hender, Carol

Unless otherwise noted, all Bibles have gold edges. All have Martin, and Eloise Nielsen. Second

round corners. And all contain the complete text of the row: Elwin B. Elkington, Arthur

Authorized King James Version. At your bookseller. Kepoo, Anna Lou Seely, Delmar

Seely, John P. Dulaney, Alvin

Emery, and John Dunnuck. f(9td-/?tet4Mtft- <M <SUee /67S

OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS, Inc., 114 Fifth Ave., N. Y. 11, N. Y

790 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DEER HUNTERS # The Church JFr Moves On

JULY 1957 It was announced that the Eastern Washington region had been created in the Church welfare program, consisting of LET US MAKE YOUR

Richland, Grand Coulee, and Spokane stakes. Stakes remain- "TANNED"DEERHIDE

ing in the region Northwest (from which the new region was INTO A SMARTLY STYLED are Seattle, formed) Seattle, North and Tacoma.

"ALL PURPOSE"Elder Harold S. Hintze, former second counselor in the East

Provo (Utah) Stake, sustained as first counselor in that stake, succeeding Elder David H. Yarn, Jr. Elder Orrin H. Jackson SPORTS JACKET sustained as second counselor.

with President Claudious Bowman of the Mexican Mission tele100% ZEPHYR WOOL KNIT phoned the First Presidency saying that all the missionaries COLLAR, SLEEVES, AND were safe in the earthquake of July 28. BACK WAISTBAND

size provided hide single by you, medium AUGUST 1957 This enjoyable jacket is made from a all materials supply other and we

The annual presentation of the Hill Cumorah pageant, "Amercluding knits, rayon lining, and zipper.inica's Witness for Christ,"began at Palmyra, New York. This Colors of knits include:

year for the first time, the pageant included music, especially HunterBlack RedNavyMaroonForest GreenBrown composed by Dr. Crawford Gates of the faculty of Brigham Young Delivery, approximately 30 days.

University, and member of the YMMIA general board. Satisfaction guaranteed.

if full Prepaid amount of Elder of the Council repreHarold B. Lee k Jl Q C the Twelve J order, sent or C.O.D. with *LhL sented Authorities of the Hill the General at the Church plus shipping charges.

Cumorah pageant this year. (Add $1.00 sales tax in California)

The First Presidency announced the appointment of President Casper W. Merrill of the Cache (Utah) Stake as JONES1013 W.KNITTINGSanta BarbaraMILLS Ave.

president of the West Central States Mission, succeeding Los Angeles 37, California

President George Franklin Simmons of Ogden, Utah, who was re- I am sending my tanned deerhide to leased because of ill health. President Merrill filled a mission in be custom made into a jacket size

the Central States from 1925 to 1928. He served as superintendent My height is ft inches.

of the Benson (Utah) Stake YMMIA for six years and as a counselor Weight pounds. Knit trim color

in the stake presidency for more than twelve years. He has been preferred Enclosed is

president of Cache Stake in Logan since February 1956. Sister money order or check for $

Merrill accompanies her husband to this mission assignment. The Please ship to

couple have three living grown sons. Name

The appointment of Mrs. Katherine J. Soelberg to the general Address

board of the Primary Association was announced. City State The third and final performance of this year's presentation of

"America's Witness for Christ"was given at the Hill Cumorah. An

estimated 95,000 persons attended the three performances. JONES KNITTING MILLS

(Manufacturers of "Jonesknit"and "ALL * STAR"AWARD Sweaters and Jackets since 1921)

NOVEMBER 1957 791 A bright room means ofRalphthe YMMIA,W. Hardy,died.41, seniorA popularmemberwriterofandthespeaker,general heboardwas

the author of the Junior M MenJunior Gleaner manual, better We Live. At the time of his death, which occurred while on vacation in Utah, he was a member of the Washington, D. C, Stake

work! high council. He was a former bishop of East Ensign Ward in

Salt Lake City, and a former member of the general superintendency of the YMMIA. ( See also September 1957 Era.

It was reported that more than ten thousand members of the

Church are in the United States armed forces.

Classwork came to an end at the McCune School of Music and Art.

After a summer recess of six weeks, stake conferences were started again throughout the Church this week end.

Elder John Longden, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve,

For office or dedicated the chapel of the Oroville Ward, Gridley (California) Stake.

school, choose Southern California wards took both the senior and the the colorful chair... juniorof fourallChurchdays of playsoftballat thetournamentGeorge Q.titlesMorrisin theparkfinal ingamesSalt

Lake City. First place in the junior tournament was claimed by

Centinella (California) as they defeated Eugene (Oregon) in a 3 Samsonite to 2 twelve inning game. Other finalists in the junior tournament

were: Long Beach (California) third, Huntington Park (California) fourth, Ammon First (Idaho) fifth, Mesa First (Arizona)

sixth, Willard (Utah) seventh (also the sportsmanship trophy),

Arcade (California) eighth, Hyde Park (Utah) ninth, Colonial Hills ( Salt Lake City ) tenth.

San Diego Fifth (California) won first place in the senior tournament by defeating Wellsville (Utah) 5 to 4. Pleasant Grove

( Utah ) placed third, Boise Seventh ( Idaho ) fourth ( also the sportsmanship trophy), Mesa Eighth (Arizona) fifth, Chandler Second (Arizona) sixth, Eldredge (Salt Lake City) seventh, Ogden Fortyfifth (Utah) eighth, Butler (Utah) ninth, Provo Thirteenth (Utah) tenth.

Elder Lee A. Stokes, former second counselor in the Long

Beach ( California ) Stake presidency, sustained as first counselor, succeeding Elder Jesse R. Hailstone, Jr. At this writing, a new second counselor had not been named.

The Sunday School announced that Elders Keith R. Oakes

and O. Preston Robinson had been appointed to the Deseret

Nothing can brighten a room—and Sunday School general board.

boost morale and efficiency—like

colorful chairs! Samsonite They're

certainly the smartest—with 10 beauSEPTEMBER 1957

tiful decorator for colors you to President the of Clark, Jr., First Presidency, marked J. Reuben choose they're from also the—but birth. his anniversary the eightysixth of

strongest! quality these feaCheck

tures: Safetyguard seat hinges

Replaceable rubber feet Chip The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder resistant baked enamel finish Milton L. Christensen as president of the French Mission, a

Bonderized to resist rust Comfortmission where he served from 1923 to 1926. He succeeds

curved design Write us today! President Harold W. Lee in the mission. President Christensen

has been active in the Parleys and the Highland Park wards and as a stake Sunday School board member in the Highland Stake. At

Samsonite allsteel present he is serving as a guide on Temple Square and as secretary of the senior Aaronic Priesthood work in Parleys Ward. Mrs.

folding chairs in Christensen and three of their five children will accompany him to 10 decorator colors hisgeneralnew fieldboard.of labor. Sister Christensen is a member of the YWMIA

Shwayder Bros... Inc., Institutional Seating

Division, Dept.IE11, Detroit 29, Michigan.

In Canada.Through Samsonite of Canada, Ltd.

792 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lide a little longer? ELEASE, Mcmmyaantwe

.:,':-'

:%bu

You'll feel the same way, too, when you ride on a Domeliner.

Everything is so wonderful, you'll wish the trip could last longer:

You'll love the luxury of it all-—the attractive upholstery and

carpeting; the smart, colorful furnishings and decorations; the

beautiful dome cars that provide such thrilling views of the passing countryside; the relaxing atmosphere of the lounge car; and the

fabulous food served in the Dome Diner!

it's SMART...its ECONOMICAL...its You'll love the economy, too. You see, there's no extra fare on any

Union Pacific train... and the Family Travel Plan offers a big

reduction in rail fares for two or more family members traveling FUN to ride the -Zi together. Actually, Domeliner travel costs you less than driving your

own car! Ask your Union Pacific ticket agent to show you.

For information and reservations see your nearest Union Need a car at your destination? Hertz Rent-A-Car Service is

Pacific ticket agent. convenient, and rates are reasonable.

UNION PACIFIC AND Alt HERTZ AGENCIES HONOR RAH TRAVEt CREDIT CARDS

Union Pacific Railroad NOVEMBER 1957 793 The Gospel

One day, a group of small boys were learning to fswim. Below them a short distance down the stream

?was a treacherous hole much beyond their depth.

Into this, either through bravado or accident, one daring youngster either plunged or fell. He became

helpless to save himself; and for a moment his companions were powerless to aid him. Fortunately,

one with presence of mind and quick action, jerked a long stick from a willow fence and threw one end of it to the drowning lad. He grasped it, held on tightly,

and was saved.

All the boys said that the venturesome lad owed his life to the boy who had furnished the means of rescue. Yet, in spite of the means furnished him, if

the lad had not taken advantage of it, if he had not put forth all the personal effort at his command, he would have drowned, notwithstanding the heroic act of his comrade.

Universal salvation a gift In this old world of ours, the children of men are playing, swimming, struggling in the sea of life. There

are those who claim that no one will sink and be lost if he will look to Jesus on the shore and say, "I believe."There are others who declare that everyone

must by his own efforts swim to the shore or be lost forever. The real truth is that both of these views are

incorrect. Universal salvation from death is a free

gift from Christ; but progress in the kingdom of God

is dependent upon compliance by each individual to the principles and ordinances of the gospel of Jesus

Christ. Christ will not "save"men who will put forth

no effort themselves, any more than the young rescuer on the river bank could have saved the drowning lad if the latter had not seized the means provided him.

Neither can man save himself without accepting the means provided by our Savior for man's salvation.

Christ gave the gospel There was a time in the history of the human race when man floundered in total ignorance of God's plan of redemption. Being subject to follow after his own

will, he became "carnal, sensual, and devilish, by nature."(Alma 42:10.) Nature was his god, and

selfpreservation—that is, the prolongation of his earthTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Editors Page

by President David O. McKayof Work

ly existence, the sole object of his life. When that Every time we have opportunity and fail to live up

ended, since his soul could never die, he would have to that truth which is within us, every time we fail been lost eternally, for he would have obeyed no to express a good thought, every time we fail to perspiritual laws, not having known them, whereby his form a good act, we weaken ourselves, and make it spirit could have regained the presence of God. more difficult to express that thought or perform that

To man, thus struggling, Christ gave the gospel, act in the future. Every time we perform a good

the means of salvation. It was a free gift. It was act, every time we express a noble feeling, we make

given by the grace of God, "Not of works, lest any it more easy to perform that act or express that feeling man should boast."(Eph. 2:9.) Without this, man another time.

was powerless to save himself. He was as helpless as Love of God and his righteousness is shown not in

the boy in the deep whirlpool. Truly, "... by grace words but in works.

are ye saved...."(Ibid., 2:8.)

But having been given the gospel, what is man God's greatest gift expected to do? With the means of salvation within Eternal life is God's greatest gift to man, and the

his reach, what must he do? He must grasp it and Lord in turn is glorified in man's immortality. Eternal

hold to it with his whole might and strength. It is life is the result of knowledge, and knowledge is obhis duty not only to look at the Savior on the bank tained by doing the will of God. Said the Savior to

and say, I believe he will save me, but also to make the skeptics who questioned him as to how they might that belief a knowledge by obeying every principle know that he is the Christ:

of the gospel of Jesus Christ. In other words, he must "If any man will do his will, he shall know of the

work out his own salvation. doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of

"Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall myself."(John 7:17.)

enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth Thus, the truth is proclaimed that a testimony of

the will of my Father which is in heaven."(Matt. Christ's divinity and eternal life itself are the result of

7:21.) man's doing the will of God. This thought brings us

to consider a revelation given to the Prophet Joseph

Faith without works Smith: "Wherefore, now let every man learn his duty,

It is the height of folly for men to try to persuade and to act in the office in which he is appointed, in themselves that Christ has done everything for them, all diligence."(D & C 107:99.) The man who knows

that he has thrown a rope around them, as it were, what his duty is and fails to perform it, is not true to and will pull them to safety in spite of themselves. himself; he is not true to his brethren; he is not living

Such a false, superficial view of the gospel is dein the light which God and conscience provide. That

nounced by the Apostle James: is where we stand, and it comes right home to us; it

"What doth it profit, my brethren, though a man means me. When my conscience tells me that it is

say he hath faith, and have not works? can faith save right to go along in a specified line, I am not true to

him?... myself if I do not follow that.

"Yea, a man may say, Thou hast faith, and I have The belief that Jesus has done all for us, and that, works: shew me thy faith without thy works, and I live as we may, if on our deathbed we believe, then

will shew thee my faith by my works.... we shall be saved in his glorious presence, is a most

"But wilt thou know, O vain man, that faith without pernicious fallacy. Jesus Christ, the Savior of the

works is dead?"(See James 2:1426.) world, has given us the means whereby man may obKnowing a thing or merely feeling an assurance of tain eternal happiness and peace in the kingdom of

the truth is not sufficient. "... to him that knoweth our Father, but man must work out his own salvato do good, and doeth it not, to him it is sin."(Ibid., tion through obedience to the eternal principles and

4:17.) ordinances of the gospel.

NOVEMBER 1957 795 Did divine authority which was given

gospel,.. include the keys

QUESTION: "In considering the restoration

of the priesthood the question was discussed as to the correct meaning of keys of the priesthood. There

seems to he a difference of opinion on the part of members of our class. It seems very clear to all that

the priesthood is divine authority which comes from

God which was given to his servants in all dispensations of the gospel by which they prophesied and spoke in his name. Did this authority include the keys

or were they some special power additional to the ordination?"Your

ANSWER: It is true that when a man is

ordained to any office in the priesthood he is authorized to labor and perform duties by virtue of that Question priesthood, but always under someone who holds the by Joseph Fielding Smith authority of direction. President Joseph F. Smith has made this very clear in the following paragraphs

President of the Council of the Twelve found in Gospel Doctrine:

"The Priesthood is general in the authority given to to Question Your Note—Response

it is possible to great that on these pagesis so man to act for God. Every man ordained to any deanswer

percentage *hut a small cases it some ofmaytheseemquestionsadvisablesubmitted.to ansiuerIn gree of the Priesthood has this authority delegated to

btj mail. questions done, This can be

course, only if include your you name andof him.

address when you write.—J. F. S. "But it is necessary that every act performed under

this authority shall be done at the proper time and place, in the proper way, and after the proper order.

The power of directing these labors constitutes the keys of the Priesthood. In the fulness, the keys are

held by only one person at a time, the prophet and president of the Church. He may delegate any portion of this power to another, in which case that person

holds the keys of that particular labor. Thus, the

president of a temple, the president of a stake, the bishop of a ward, the president of a mission, the president of a quorum, each holds the keys of the labors performed in that particular body or locality. His

priesthood is not increased by this special appointment, for a seventy who presides over a mission has no more Priesthood than a seventy who labors under his direction; and the president of an elders'quorum,

for example, has no more Priesthood than any member of that quorum. But he holds the power of directing

the official labors performed in the mission or the quorum, or, in other words, the keys of that division of the work. So it is throughout all the ramifications

of the Priesthood—a distinction must be carefully made

796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to God's servants in all dispensations of the

or were they some special power additional to the ordination?

between the general authority, and the directing o prediction, the prophets holding keys, from Adam to the labors performed by that authority."1 Peter, James, and John, each came to the Prophet

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery and restored their

Bishop holds keys over ward keys. We do not have the detailed report of each of

Every man who is properly chosen to preside in these restorations, but we do have the general stateany capacity in the Church should be honored in his ment that such was done. 3

calling. When a man is ordained to the office of a First came Moroni, then John the Baptist and Peter,

bishop, he is given the keys of presidency over the James, and John, restoring their priesthoods so that ward in which he resides and should be honored in the Church could be organized. Then followed the

his calling by every member of the ward, no matter glorious visions in the Kirtland Temple and other what office any man may hold. The same is true of restorations from Adam down. At the October conthe president of the stake, the president of a quorum, ference in 1840, the Prophet Joseph Smith prepared

or whatever it may be. To illustrate what this means and had a document read in which we find the folwe are taught that no father has the right, although lowing:

he may hold the Melchizedek Priesthood, to baptize "Commencing with Adam, who was the first man, one of his own children without first obtaining the who is spoken of in Daniel as being the 'Ancient of sanction of his bishop. When the sanction is obtained, Days,'or in other words, the first and oldest of all,

the father is authorized to perform that ordinance for the great, grand progenitor of whom it is said in anhis child. Should any father take it upon himself to other place he is Michael, because he was the first

perform a baptism, or to ordain his son, without first and father of all, not only by progeny, but the first obtaining the sanction of the presiding officer in the to hold the spiritual blessings, to whom was made ward or stake, as the case may be, who holds the keys known the plan of ordinances for the salvation of his of authority, he would be in transgression. This apposterity unto the end, and to whom Christ was first

plies to an apostle as well as to the elder in a ward. revealed, and through whom Christ has been revealed

Even the President of the Church would never think from heaven, and will continue to be revealed from to act in any matter of this kind without first recoghenceforth. Adam holds the keys of the dispensation

nizing the bishop of his ward or the president of his of the fulness of times; i. e., the dispensation of all the

stake and the authority which had been delegated to times have been and will be revealed through him from the bishop or the president of the stake. the beginning to Christ, and from Christ to the end

There have been occasions when men holding the of the dispensations that are to be revealed. 'Having

priesthood have overstepped these bounds; but it has made known unto us the mystery of his will, accordbeen due to the fact that they had a misunderstanding ing to his good pleasure which he has purposed in

of the authority existing in the officers who are duly himself; that in the dispensation of the fulness of times

appointed. There must be no confusion in the Church, he might gather together in one all things in Christ,

and the proper authority should always be recognized. both which are in heaven, and which are in earth;

even in him.'"4

All things to be revealed In a revelation given in March 1832, the Lord said:

There are other matters of great interest in relation "That you may come up unto the crown prepared to the keys of the priesthood, which may not be clearly for you, and be made rulers over many kingdoms, saith understood by some. The Lord has revealed that in the Lord God, the Holy One of Zion, who hath estabthe present dispensation—the Dispensation of the Fullished the foundations of Adamondi-Ahman;

ness of Times—all things from the beginning are to be "Who hath appointed Michael your prince, and

revealed and the keys of each dispensation restored. established his feet, and set him upon high, and given

This has been "spoken of by the mouth of all his holy unto him the keys of salvation under the counsel and prophets since the world began."2 In fulfilment of this direction of the Holy One, who is without beginning

See page 883 for footnotes. of days and end of life."5 (Concluded on page 882)

NOVEMBER 1957 797 The Nobility of Labor

by President Heber J. Grant, President of the Church 1918 to 1945

From The Improvement Era ( December 1899

Photograph taken about 1900

by; and so I have concluded to become a regular

contributor to the columns of the Era, and to chat 'There is a superior genius with "our boys,"as through that medium I will be able to reach many thousands instead of a few hunand merit in some persons dreds.

Arise therefore, and be doing, and the Lord will thee. (I Chron. 22:16.) that tells them nothing is be with

To do that which before us lies in daily life is the impossible to them."prime wisdom.

He that loseth wealth, loseth much; he that loseth

friends loseth more; but hs that loseth his spirit, loseth

all.—Cervantes.

Dream, oh youth! dream nobly and manfully, and

While speaking to the young people at stake conthy dreams shall be thy prophets.—Lord BulwerLytton.

ferences of the Improvement Associations, and at If the readers of the Era will learn by heart the ward meetings, I have endeavored to impress upon above quotations and make these sentiments the rule the minds of the youth the necessity of their working of their lives, this action will be worth more to them, to the extent of their ability; and also while so labormany times over, than the cost of a year's subscription.

ing never to become disheartened. I have found nothing in the battle of life that has

The Marchioness de Lambert said: "There is nothbeen of more value to me than to perform the duty

ing so improper for a young man as that modesty of today to the best of my ability; and I know that

which makes him fancy he is not capable of great where young men do this, they will be better prepared things. That modesty is a faintness of soul which for the labors of tomorrow.

hinders it from exerting itself. There is a superior In contributing to the Era an article which will be

genius and merit in some persons that tells them made up principally of my own experiences, I shall nothing is impossible to them."do so, not for the purpose of throwing bouquets at

A number of those who have listened to my remarks myself, figuratively speaking, but with the hope that have assured me that they have been benefited there- I may inspire my readers with a desire to labor.

798 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is admitted that statements of personal experiresolved to live to set copies for all who attended the ences, spoken or written, carry more force and make university, and to be the teacher of penmanship and a more lasting impression upon the minds of hearers bookkeeping in that institution. Having a purpose

and readers than can be made in any other way. This and also "the will to labor,"and agreeing with Bulwermust be my excuse for relating so many incidents in Lytton that, "In the bright lexicon of youth there's

my own career. no such word as fail,"I commenced to employ my

When a youth attending school, a man was pointed spare time in practising penmanship, continuing year out to me who kept books in Wells, Fargo and Co's. after year until I was referred to as "the greatest

Bank, in Salt Lake City, and it was said that scribbler on earth."

he received a salary of one hundred and fifty dollars The result was that some years later I secured a a month. Well do I remember figuring that he was position as bookkeeper and policy clerk in an insurearning six dollars a day, Sundays omitted, which ance office. Although at fifteen, I wrote a very nice

seemed to me an enormous amount. Although I had hand, and it was all that was needed to satisfactorily

not yet read the inspiring words of Lord Bulwerfill the position which I then held; yet I was not fully

Lytton, quoted above, yet I dreamed of being a booksatisfied but continued to dream and "scribble,"when keeper, and of working for Wells, Fargo & Co., and not otherwise occupied. I worked in the front part

immediately joined the bookkeeping class in the of A. W. White & Company's bank, and, when not

Deseret University, in the hope someday of earning busy, volunteered to assist with the bank work and what I thought at that time to be an immense salary. to do anything and everything I could to employ my

I quote with pleasure once more from Lord Bulwertime, never thinking whether I was to be paid for it

Lytton: "What man wants is not talent, it is purpose; or not, but having only a desire to work and learn.

not power to achieve, but the will to labor."Mr. Morf, the bookkeeper in the bank, wrote well,

Samuel Smiles has said: "Purposes, like eggs, unless and took pains to assist me in my efforts to become

they are hatched into action, will run into decay."proficient as a penman. I learned to write so well

. BulwerLytton took it for granted undoubtedly that that I often earned more before and after office hours

where a youth dreamed nobly and manfully, that it by writing cards, invitations, etc., and making maps,

would inspire him to have a purpose in life, and than the amount of my regular salary. Some years

to "hatch the same into action,"and not allow it to later, a diploma at the Territorial Fair was awarded "run into decay."Having purposed to become a me for the finest penmanship in Utah. When I enbookkeeper, I immediately set to work to attain this gaged in business for myself, there was a vacancy at

object. Well do I remember the amusement I furthe university in the position of teacher of penmannished my fellow students. One remarked when ship and bookkeeping, and to make good the promise

looking at my books, "What is it; hen tracks?"Another to myself, made when a youth of twelve or thirteen,

said, "Has lightning struck an ink bottle?"These that I would some day teach these branches, I applied

remarks and others, while made not to hurt my feelfor the situation. My application was accepted,

ings but in goodnatured fun, nevertheless cut deep and my obligation to myself was thus discharged.

and aroused within me a spirit of determination. I Young men who are laboring in the improvement

THANKSGIVING DAY

by Lee Avery

Now, for the mercies of the closing year,

In gray November's quiet interlude,

We gather to our board those we hold dear,

To join in evidence of gratitude.

With lesser feast, the sturdy Pilgrims gave

Their thanks for both survival, and the gleam

Of knowledge that to understand could save,

Make friends of foes, build peace that was their dream.

So, with our turkey and tradition, we

Give thanks for safety in these troubled days,

Find hope that love and reason will make free

A restless world, that all may join in praise.

As Pilgrims knew when first this day began,

We know that praising God enriches man!

NOVEMBER 1957 799 cause should be true to themselves, and when they lesson of perseverance which had a striking effect upon resolve to accomplish something, they should never his future character and success.

become discouraged, but should labor cheerfully and When closely pursued by his enemies—as a conwith determination until the promise to themselves temporary tells the anecdote—he took refuge in some

has become a reality. I cannot possibly impress this old ruins, where, left to his solitary musings, he espied

lesson too strongly upon the minds of my readers. If an ant tugging and striving to carry a single grain of

we fall into the habit of making resolves in relation corn. His unavailing efforts were repeated sixtynine

to ourselves, and of constantly breaking them, such times, and each time so soon as he reached a certain a course will tend to make us careless in the fulfilment point of projection, he fell back with his burden, unof promises to others. Young men should always reable to surmount it; but the seventieth time he bore

member the advice which Shakespeare put into the away his spoil in triumph and left the wondering hero mouth of the father of Laertes, when the latter was reanimated and exulting in the hope of future victory.

leaving home: How pregnant the lesson this incident conveys!

How many thousand instances there are in which inTo thine own self be true, glorious defeat ends the career of the timid and

And it must follow, as the night the day, desponding, when the same tenacity of purpose would

Thou canst not then be false to any man. crown it with triumphant success! Resolution is alShakespeare, Hamlet, most omnipotent. Sheridan was at first timid and

Act 1, Sc. 3. obliged to sit down in the midst of a speech. Con-

I quote in full one of the lessons from the National vinced of, and mortified at, the cause of his failure, he

Fifth Reader, which made a profound impression on said one day to a friend. "It is in me, and it shall

my mind during my school days and which has never come out."

been forgotten: From that moment he arose and shone and triumphed in a consummate eloquence. Here was true

Never Despair moral courage....

There is no trait of human character so potential Be, then, bold in spirit. Indulge no doubts—they are

for weal or woe as firmness. To the businessman it is traitors. In the practical pursuit of our high aim, let

allimportant. Before its irresistible energy the most us never lose sight of it in the slightest instance: for

formidable obstacles become as cobweb barriers in it is more by a disregard of small things than by open its path. Difficulties, the terror of which causes the and flagrant offenses, that men come short of excelpampered sons of luxury to shrink back with dismay, lence. There is always a right and a wrong; and if

provoke from the man of lofty determination only a you ever doubt, be sure you take not the wrong. Obsmile. The whole story of our race—all nature, serve this rule, and every experience will be to you

indeed—teems with examples to show what wonders a means of advancement.

may be accomplished by resolute perseverance and "Never Despair"has been one of the guiding stars patient toil. of my life, as I have often felt that I could not afford

It is related of Tamerlane, the celebrated warrior, to be outdone by an insect.

the terror of whose arms spread through all the eastAt nineteen, I was keeping books and acting as ern nations, and whom victory attended at almost policy clerk for Mr. Henry Wadsworth, the agent of

every step, that he once learned from an insect a Wells, Fargo & Co. My (Concluded on page 869)

PRAYER

by Eleanor Alletta Chaffee

God, heal the tiny hurts so many bear

Concealed lest greater hurt spring from that pain,

Scars that the spirit learns at last to wear

In solitude, since there they must remain.

God bless us all, who strive, and fail, and strive

The one more time that proves that in the dust

Man writes as truly as on stone the live

And pulsing legend of the upward thrust

That moves a mountain, and with nothing more

Than faith's frail hope deep in the heart's own core.

800 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Looking Back—and Forward

by President David O. McKay

Books as companions should be chosen wisely. As The seventeenyear period of President Joseph F.

a man may be judged by the company he keeps, so Smith's presidency was one of sustained growth. He

his leanings for the highest and best are indicated passed away in November 1918, but before his death by the kind of books he reads. Church membership was close to onehalf million.

From its beginning, the Church of Jesus Christ of President Heber J. Grant presided until May 1945,

Latterday Saints has placed great emphasis and and saw Church membership near the million mark.

value on the written word. Any great organization By the close of 1951, the year in which President

must have a printed voice. A church is no exception. George Albert Smith passed away, Church memberThrough our periodicals we are able to keep the ship was recorded as 1,147,157. Each of these prophideals and eternal truths of the gospel ever current, ets of the last dispensation in turn contributed

expressed in modern language, with present day uniquely of his particular talents to the work of the applications. Social problems and current affairs of Lord. The Church and the world are better because

the nation and the world can be interpreted for memof them.

bers of the Church in the light of gospel standards One of the joys of turning through past volumes of and gospel teachings. This helps to keep our point the Era is to see the inspirational messages that these

of view fresh, and our thinking dynamic. great men left for future generations.

Today the Church has many periodicals, each with a particular assignment, all devoted to expanding and An Important Anniversary strengthening the borders of the kingdom of God. It is interesting to note how close we are to beginThis month we are noting the beginning of the nings, and yet how fast we are moving. Had President

sixtyfirst year of publication of one of these magaHeber J. Grant lived in mortality, for example, he

zines—The Improvement Era, which was established would have been 101 years old this month, and he

in November 1897, during the administration of Presialong with the Era, which he helped found, and which dent Wilford Woodruff. At that time the Church he served first as business manager and later as editor,

had fewer than forty organized stakes, and Church would be celebrating an important anniversary. And

membership at the end of the year as recorded from yet President Grant was born twentysix and a half the stakes was 222,334. The Salt Lake Temple had years after the Church was organized. Although he has

been dedicated only four years earlier. Financially, been dead but twelve years, the Church is now almost

neither the country nor the Church was prosperous. one third larger than it was at the time he passed away!

Conditions hardly warranted the beginning of a new Statistics for December 1956 give Church membership publishing venture, but under the direction of such as 1,416,731.

great leaders as President Joseph F. Smith, President We are thrilled with the great progress of the work

Heber J. Grant, and Elder B. H. Boberts, The Imof the Lord. But with growth comes an increase in

provement Era was begun. It has grown until now problems. Even with the marvelous developments in

it has a circulation of over 150,000. transportation and communication, problems of administration loom ever larger. General Authorities and

Many Changes members of general boards can visit stakes much less

What changes have come about in the Church over often and can have less personal contact with members these last sixty years! When President Wilford Woodof the Church than they had a few years ago. Because

ruff died in 1898 the membership of the stakes was of these and many other reasons, the periodicals of the roughly a quarter of a million. President Lorenzo Church are becoming increasingly important, and it is

Snow's short administration ended in 1901. As that hoped that members of the Church throughout the

year closed the Church had grown to 278,645 memworld will avail themselves of the essential functions bers in stakes and missions. which our magazines perform.

NOVEMBER 1957 801 CONG RATULA TIONS, SON An Original Short Story by J. A. Christensen

Don sat on the bleachers watching the basketball of the car smelling clean and fresh, their short, crewteam during its afterschool practice—Frost, the tall cut hair still wet from the shower.

center, making basket after basket, the other members "That was quite a workout,"Frost muttered, feignof the team following suit. Centerville High was ing exhaustion.

out to win the state tournament this year for sure. "It's good for you,"the coach laughed. He turned

Don glanced over at his father, Coach Blake, sitting to Don. "Get all your homework done?"Don usualon the team bench, and he felt a glow of admiration ly did most of his homework during the hours he

for this strong, handsome man, who cheered the team waited for his dad.

on with a word of encouragement, or gave a tired "Not tonight. I was busy."

player a hearty slap on the back as he returned to Coach Blake started the car. "Busy with what?"

the bench. He guessed his dad was about the greatest "I... I... I had some other work to do."

coach in the world. If only he could be in there. If Somehow he couldn't tell his father, not in front

only he could be on the team. Maybe then his dad of Frost, anyway, that Miss Welling, the dramatics

would be proud of him; but the doctor said his heart coach, had asked him to try out for the school play.

wouldn't stand the strain. He'd known this for sevHe couldn't even bring himself to tell his father that

eral years, ever since his battle with rheumatic fever, he had won the leading role. Frost might laugh.

but somehow he felt cheated. He knew his dad He rode home in silence, listening to the talk of

was disappointed. How could he help but be? His basketball and the coming tournament. He felt

only son would never follow in his footsteps as a elated over winning the role in the play, but somehow great athlete., he was disappointed in not being able to tell his

Practice over, the perspiring team headed for the father of his success. Even if he did tell him, he

shower room, Don's father walking off the floor with thought, it wouldn't make any difference. A school

his arm proudly about Frost's shoulder. At the door play is nothing compared to a basketball tournament.

to the dressing room, he turned. They let Frost out at his front door and drove into

"Be with you in a minute, Don."their driveway. As they walked into the house, Coach

"Okay, Dad. I'll wait for you in the car."Blake said,

Outside, he opened the door to the car and crawled "You didn't tell me what you were doing tonight into the back seat. For a moment he had an urge to after school."

remain in the front seat but thought better of it. The Don remained silent.

front seat was reserved for his dad and Frost. Frost "I understand Miss Welling had tryouts for the

lived next door and rode home with them every school play tonight."

night, talking basketball all the way. On week ends, "Umhum."

when the weather was good, Coach Blake and Frost "Did you go in?"

would shoot baskets in the hoop hung over the garage "She asked me to."

door, the same hoop his father had put there for him Coach Blake opened the kitchen door and held it years ago. Don could usually hear them, laughing for Don to enter.

and chatting, as he sat in his room pouring over his "Well, how'd you make out?"

books. His books were now his greatest consolation. "I'm playing the lead. They're doing Hamlet and

If he couldn't be a great athlete at least he could be a Miss 'Welling said I read it very well."

good student. He got straight A's in all his classes. "Hamlet? Isn't that kind of a big undertaking for

That was more than Frost did, but whenever he a high school?"

showed his dad his report card his dad would just "Well,"Don placed his books on the kitchen table, smile. There was never a word of congratulation, "Miss Welling said she doesn't expect a really pronever a word of encouragement—just the smile. fessional job of it, but she thinks it'll be good experiFrost and Coach Blake climbed into the front seat ence for us."

NOVEMBER 1957 803 "Maybe she's right. The experience might do you on a winning team, but Frost will never take the place

good."of my son."

Just then Mrs. Blake came into the room. In the weeks that followed, Coach Blake watched

"I didn't hear you two drive up."Coach Blake gave Don with growing interest. As they passed each other

her a quick kiss on the cheek. "How was basketball in the hall, Don seemed a little more selfassured, his

practice?"step was a little firmer, and often his hearty laugh

"It was swell, Mom,"Don beamed. "Dad's really would ring down the hall during a break between

got a great team this year. Boy, you should see Frost classes. Coach Blake noticed, too, that even the girls,

drop those baskets in."He turned to look at his father mostly those in the play cast at first, dropped admiring

for approval, but his father said nothing. glances in the path of his son. And night after night

Mrs. Blake broke the silence. "What was this I the sounds of a fresh, young voice, full of confidence,

heard you two talking about when I came in? What's issued from Don's room.

going to be good experience for you, Don?"There were times, however, when all did not go

"I was just telling Dad I won the lead in the school well. The ideas of Hamlet were often difficult for the

play."boy to grasp. One night, shortly before opening night

"Well, congratulations!"Mrs. Blake put her arm of the play, Coach Blake heard the boy pacing his

about his shoulder. "So, we've got an actor in the room... repeating over and over again....

family, too."''This was your husband. Look you now what

Don lowered his head and stared at the floor. follows: Here is your husband, like a mildew'd ear,

"I think I'd better wash up for dinner,"and he blasting his wholesome brother. Have you eyes?

rushed from the room. Could you on this fair mountain.... Could you on

"For heaven's sake, Chad. What's the matter with this fair mountain leave to feed and batten on this

him? He was just about to cry."moor?'I can't do it! I can't! I can't."

"I guess it's my fault, Martha."Chad sat down at Coach Blake stopped by the open door.

the kitchen table, staring at his hands. "He's disap- "Sounds to me like Hamlet's having trouble."

pointed because he can't play ball... and for some "Gosh, Dad. I can't do it right at all. Miss Welling

reason or other he thinks I'm disappointed in him, too. says I'm not angry enough here. I've practised it for

He's acted sorta funny for some time now. Why, he hours and I don't know what to do."

won't even ride in the front seat of the car with me Coach Blake crossed the room and sat down on any more, and he never says a word to me during the Don's bed.

day. I even had to drag it out of him about the "How about trying a little imagination for a change?"

school play.""Imagination?"

"But you knew about the play, didn't you?""Certainly. Haven't you ever heard of Stanislavski?"

"Of course, I knew about it. Who do you think Don looked at his father in amazement for a mosuggested to Welling that he read for the part? I ment. Where did his father ever hear of Stanisthink it's about time he started getting a little experilavski?

ence in working with people, rather than spending all "If you follow Stanislavski, you'd be Hamlet, rather his time in his books. Maybe this play '11 draw him than act like Hamlet."

out a bit. Heaven only knows he needs it.""I don't get you. How can I be Hamlet?"

"Maybe if you talked to him, Chad, encouraged "Well, imagine for a minute that you're Hamlet, and him a bit."She began setting the table for dinner. I'm Hamlet's father. I've been killed, and your mother

"Encouraged him in what? To stick his nose deeper has married my brother... let's say my brother's Mr.

in his books? Confound it, Martha, that's not good Simpkins."Mr. Simpkins was the town druggist, a

for him either. No. I've thought it over, and I'm not weak, scrawny little man. "How would you say the

going to step in and mess things up. Just leave him line then?"

be for a while and it'll all work out. He'll find his Don sat down to the side of his father and looked

own niche in life and it won't be in my footsteps and at him for a moment, then slowly, quietly he began it won't be because I've pushed him. My dad did that to speak....

to me.... You know athletics was never my big "An eye like Mars, to threaten or command, a stainterest, but what could I do?"tion like the herald Mercury newlighted on a heaven-

"I know dear, but I think he feels a little jealous kissing hill: a combination and a form indeed, where

of Frost."every god did seem to set his seal to give the world

"Frost's a good boy. He's the best player on the assurance of a man. This was your husband. Look

team. If I show Frost any special attention it's only you now what follows."Don's voice suddenly changed,

to get him to play harder. You know my job depends charged with anger, as he ( Continued on page 875

804 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Tribute to A Ruth May Fox

By Marba C. Josephson

Associate Managing Editor

Life has always been a challenge to Ruth May Fox, troduced the names for the Bee Hive and the Gleaner grand woman of YWMIA, who attains the vengirls. She wrote words for the theme song of the

erable age of 104, November 16, 1957. Sister Fox YWMIA, "Carry On,"as well as other songs and poetry

has a most enviable record of service to young women of enduring merit. In addition to her Church activiin the Church. Born in England, November 16, 1853, ties, which included twentyseven years'service as

Ruth May was deprived of her mother by death guide on Temple Square, Sister Fox served the comwhen Ruth was only sixteen months old. Both of munity: the Red Cross from 1917 to 1948 and the

Ruth's parents had joined the Church of Jesus Christ Travelers'Aid from 1925 to 1937. In February 1934

of Latterday Saints when Ruth was five months of she was honored by the Salt Lake Federation of age. Her early childhood was spent moving from Women's Clubs when she was chosen one of seven

one place to another, the father always trying to place women who had given extraordinary community servRuth with Latterday Saints wherever possible, or ice.

failing that, since there were few Latterday Saints To those who know and love her, Ruth May Fox in England in that early time, he placed her with will always remain one of the most challenging pergood Christian people. sons. Although she was not privileged to attend

Shortly after Ruth's father came to America, he sent school, she has through her own determination become for her and Mrs. Saxton with whom Ruth had been one of the besteducated women of the Church. Her keen mind, ever alert to the challenge of the MIAliving, and Mrs. Saxton's daughter Clara. Soon after

their arrival he married Mrs. Saxton, and thus Ruth slogan taken from the Doctrine and Covenants, "The

is intelligence,"has prompted Sister Foxgained a new mother and sister. Their eager desire glory of God

to study and learn for herself "Of things both inwas to reach Zion, and in 1867, they set forth to make heaven and in the earth, and under the earth;..."

the trip. (See D&C 88:7780.)

Ruth's marriage in 1872 to Jesse W. Fox, Jr., was She has always been an avid reader. Even when

performed in the Endowment House by President her eyesight began to fail, she studied Braille. With

Daniel H. Wells. This marriage was blessed with the publication of talking books, she no longer had

twelve children. to struggle with Braille and has read many, many

During her busy life as mother of a large family, volumes in her effort to grow and develop and to

Ruth May Fox remained active in the Church. She keep abreast. To all who are privileged to know her,

taught Sunday School and became first counselor in she is indeed an example of using one's time and talthe 14th Ward Primary in 1879. She served in this ents to the best of one's ability.

capacity until 1898, after her appointment to the Sister Fox's flashing black eyes, her ready wit, her

General Board of the YWMIA. She was selected surefire memory belie the years that have passed

YWMIA ward president in September 1895, a position since she was a merry girl in England.

she held for nine years, even after her call to the Perennially young in her outlook and ambition, general board in 1898. Her continuous contributions Sister Fox is a delight and an inspiration to all who

to the YWMIA have been many and varied. She inknow her.

NOVEMBER 1957 805 mm.

MIA READING COURSE: JESUS THE CHRISTXVI1

The Raising of Lazarus by Doyle L. Green, Managing Editor

East of the Jordan River in the province of Perea, Jesus often stayed when he was in that village. Jesus

Jesus was temporarily safe from the Jewish leaders was very close to this family, and the record tells us who were seeking to take his life. It was midthat he loved Lazarus and his two sisters. It is inwinter. Only a few short months remained before teresting to note the message which the sisters sent

he would return to Jerusalem, complete his earthly to the Lord about their brother: "Lord, behold, he

mission, and face arrest, trial, and death. But much whom thou lovest is sick."

yet must be accomplished, and he continued his Answering, Jesus said, "This sickness is not unto teaching almost without interruption. death, but for the glory of God, that the Son of God

Beyond the Jordan Jesus resumed his earlier custom might be glorified thereby."

of teaching in the synagogues. One Sabbath as he

was teaching, there was in attendance a woman who Healing on the Sabbath for eighteen years had been unable to stand erect. Jesus responded to an invitation to dine in the house

Jesus called her to him and said, "Woman, thou art of one of the chief Pharisees, although he knew his loosed from thine infirmity."Then he laid his hands every act would be watched and his every word

upon her. She was immediately healed, stood normalmeasured. It was the Sabbath day, and when the

ly, and glorified God. Lord saw in the group a man who was afflicted by

The "ruler"of the synagogue was indignant because an illness called the "dropsy,"he asked the lawyers

Jesus had healed on the Sabbath. "There are six and the Pharisees if it was lawful to heal on the Sabdays in which men ought to work:"he said, "in them bath. They did not answer, so he healed the afflicted

therefore come and be healed, and not on the sabbath person, "and let him go."

day."Then speaking to those assembled he asked, "Which

"Thou hypocrite,"the Lord said to him. Then of you shall have an ass or an ox fall into a pit, and

speaking to those assembled, he continued, "doth not will not straightway pull him out on the sabbath day?"

each one of you on the sabbath loose his ox or his Again they did not answer.

ass from the stall, and lead him away to watering? Luke alone records a number of beautiful parables

"And ought not this woman, being a daughter of that the Lord gave, presumably during this period of

Abraham, whom Satan hath bound, lo, these eighteen time. The parables of the lost sheep, of the ten pieces

years, be loosed from this bond on the sabbath day?"of silver, of the return of the prodigal son, of the

When the people who had opposed the healing unjust steward—all of these lovely and meaningful

heard this, they were ashamed, and all rejoiced "for stories, recorded in the fifteenth and sixteenth chapall the glorious things that were done by him."ters of Luke, are worthy of frequent reading and

Jesus traveled through the cities and villages teachstudying but cannot be repeated here because of lack ing the people and healing their sick, gradually makof space.

ing his way toward Jerusalem. Certain Pharisees "No servant can serve two masters:"Jesus reminded

came to him to tell him that Herod Antipas was his hearers, "for either he will hate the one and love planning to kill him. Jesus answered that in spite of the other; or else he will hold to the one and despise

what awaited him in Jerusalem, he must return there, the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon."

for it was proper that a prophet die in the holy city. We might have expected Jesus to rush to Bethany

Then he lamented, "O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, which when he received word that his friend was sick, but killest the prophets, and stonest them that are sent rather than doing so he stayed where he was for two unto thee; how often would I have gathered thy days, then said to his disciples, "Let us go into Judea

children together, as a hen doth gather her brood again."Fearful for his safety, his disciples reminded

under her wings, and ye would not!"him of the attempts that had been made against his

Just where Jesus was when he received word that life, "and goest thou thither again?"they asked. But

his dear friend Lazarus was sick we do not know. Jesus told them that he must go. "Our friend Lazarus

Lazarus lived in the town of Bethany, a few miles sleepeth"; he said, "but I go, that I might awake him

east of Jerusalem and near the Mount of Olives. He out of sleep."

was the brother of Martha and Mary, in whose home Not knowing that Lazarus had passed away his

See page 883 for footnotes. disciples said, "Lord, if he sleep, he shall do well."

NOVEMBER 1957 807 Then Jesus told them plainly, "Lazarus is dead. should come into the world."

"And I am glad for your sakes that I was not there, Has there ever been a greater example of faith in to the intent you may believe; nevertheless let us go all recorded history? It is little wonder that Jesus

unto him."loved this devoted family from Bethany.

Thomas, at this point, proved his loyalty to the

Master by saying unto the other disciples, "Let us also "Lazarus, come forth!"

go, that we may die with him."Returning to the house, Martha told Mary that the

In many countries of the world it is still required Lord had arrived and wanted to see her. Quickly

that a person be buried within a relatively few hours Mary went out to meet Jesus, who was still outside after his death, as dead bodies decay rapidly. So there the town. Falling down at the Savior's feet she sobbed

is no discrepancy in the accounts that he had both been the same words that her sister had used, "Lord, if dead and had lain in the grave four days by the time thou hadst been here, my brother had not died."

Griefstricken she lay at his feet weeping. Many

friends of the family were grieving.

"The Prodigal Son Returns.""... this my son was dead, and "Where have ye laid him?"Jesus asked.

is alive again; he was lost, and is found."(Luke 15:24.) "Lord, come and see,"they said.

Jesus was touched so deeply that he also wept.

All those who witnessed the event realized how much

Jesus loved Lazarus and wondered why this man, who had opened the eyes of the blind and had performed so many other great miracles, had let his dear friend die.

The answer was soon to be known. They presently

came to the grave, which is described as having been a cave with a stone upon it. When Jesus asked them

to remove the stone, Martha told him that Lazarus had been dead four days and by this time certainly decay had set in.

But Jesus reminded her, "Said I not unto thee, that, if thou wouldest believe, thou shouldest see the glory of God?"So they took the stone from the grave.

Lifting his eyes Jesus said, "Father, I thank thee that thou hast heard me.

"And I knew that thou hearest me always: but

because of the people which stand by I said it, that they may believe that thou hast sent me."

Then looking into the grave, Jesus "cried with a loud voice, 'Lazarus, come forth/ "Picture the tenseJesus arrived. As soon as Martha learned that Jesus ness of this great event. There must have been many

was coming, she rushed to meet him outside the city. people present. Certainly Jesus'disciples were with

Mary, however, stayed in the house. him, Mary and Martha, and some of their friends

"Lord, if thou hadst been here, my brother had not were there, and undoubtedly some curious people died,"Martha said to Jesus. But declaring her faith, followed them to the sepulchre.

she added, "But I know, that even now, whatsoever Lazarus had been in the grave four days! If the

thou wilt ask of God, God will give it thee."Man of Galilee could indeed raise him, this undoubt-

"Thy brother shall rise again,"Jesus answered. edly would be the greatest miracle ever performed by

Showing her great understanding of the plan of a man in mortality.

salvation, Martha replied, "I know that he shall rise Imagine the astonishment of the assembled people again in the resurrection of the last day."as Lazarus came out of the grave still bound with the

"I am the resurrection, and the life;"Jesus said gravecloths that had been wrapped around his hands

unto her, "he that believeth in me, though he were and arms and legs and feet, and with his face still dead, yet shall he live: covered with a white cloth. As he came forth, Jesus

"And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall instructed the people to take off the cloths that bound never die. Believest thou this?"him.

Without hesitating Martha replied "Yea, Lord: I If you saw a miracle like this performed, would you

believe that thou art the Christ, the Son of God, which believe? It is hard to imagine, isn't it, how anyone

808 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA could not know without the least doubt that this man turned back, ran to where Jesus was, and fell down was the Christ, the Son of God. Actually many of on his face at the feet of the Lord, praising God and

those who saw the miracle performed did believe, thanking the Savior for what he had done.

but some of them quickly went to the Pharisees to "Were there not ten cleansed?"the Lord asked,

report that Jesus was again in Galilee and that he had "but where are the nine?"Only one out of ten, and

performed this miracle. this man a Samaritan, returned to thank the Savior

Immediately the chief priests and the Pharisees and to give glory to God. "Arise, go thy way: thy

were called together in council. Some authorities say faith hath made thee whole,"Jesus said.

that this was a meeting of the leading body of the What a great lesson in appreciation the Lord here

Jews, the Sanhedrin. At any rate, they gathered totaught! Too many of us take our blessings for

gether and asked themselves the question, "What do granted and fail to give thanks to God, from whom we? for this man doeth many miracles."all blessings come.

"If we let him thus alone, all men will believe on Answering a question put to him by the Pharisees him: and the Romans shall come and take away both as to when the kingdom of God should come, Jesus

our place and nation."replied, "the kingdom of God is within you."Again

Caiaphas, the high priest, told the council it would they tempted him by asking, "Is it lawful for a man be better for this one man to be killed than for the to put away his wife for every cause?"Answering,

whole nation to perish, and he predicted that Jesus Jesus preached a great discourse on marriage, divorce, would certainly die. Then they tried to determine and chastity: "... from the beginning of the creation,"

just how they could put Jesus to death. he told them, "God made them male and female.

At last the threat to kill the Savior was official, "For this cause shall a man leave his father and coming from the Sanhedrin itself. But two months mother, and cleave to his wife;

remained before Jesus would give up his life, and so "And they twain shall be one flesh: so then they are

he "therefore walked no more openly among the Jews; no more twain but one flesh.

but went thence unto a country near to the wilderness, "What therefore God hath joined together, let not into a city called Ephraim, and there continued with man put asunder."

his disciples."Having at least a partial realization of the events

Finally the day came for Jesus to begin his journey that were soon to transpire, and wanting to protecf:

to Jerusalem. As he entered a certain village, he was their Lord, the disciples probably should not be

met by ten men who had leprosy. They didn't come blamed for trying to turn away those people who

close to him, but from far off they called, "Jesus, wanted the Savior to lay his hands on their children

Master, have mercy on us."and give them a blessing.

When the Savior saw these ten unfortunate men, "Suffer the little children to come unto me, and he said, "Go shew yourselves unto the priests."They forbid them not:"Jesus said, "for of such is the kingdid, and as they went on their way they found that dom of God.

they had been cleansed from their disease. When "Verily I say unto you, Whosoever shall not receive

they realized what had happened, one of the men the kingdom of God as ( Continued on page 880

CITY DAWN

by Catherine E. Berry

As through a dark glass I watch the sun

Smoketinged on the edge of day,

Hiding the brilliance my heart would seek

Behind misty veils of gray.

The loom of the dawn is shattered now,

Threads twisted in tangled maze,

No cloth of gold spins across the sky,

Choked back by the city's haze.

Somewhere beyond—in a wide green world,

The day and the sun still meet

In a blaze of glory—unknown here

On a dingy city street.

NOVEMBER 1957 809 PART VIII

To Be a King by Hugh J. Cannon

A Former Editor of the Era

SYNOPSIS the holy temple, its white marble walls and monolithic and Corinthian pillars glistening in the noonday sun. David, a descendant of John Hyrcanus, the founder of the

Jewish monarchy, is a pretender to the throne now held by Only a glimpse of these beauties was necessary to

Herod Antipas. Just as David feels the throne is truly within reawaken all the slumbering hopes of kingly power.

his grasp, however, a grave problem arises. David has enWhat a blessing he could be to the downtrodden race!

countered a Nazarene carpenter, whom he believes is the promised Messiah. But none of his associates, including his What a protection to Jewish temples and sanctuaries!

inamorata, Ruth, agree with him, and already trouble is brewSo overwhelmingly did his forgotten ambitions crowd ing. During a turbulent council meeting in Jerusalem, David upon him, that he fled from the summit of the Mount

has come to blows with his archenemy, Zebulon, and has as he would from a plague.

tendered his resignation. He will not and cannot deny the

After a day and a night in Jerusalem, David wentdivinity of the Nazarene. Only a few days after this, he meets

with a close friend, Elihu, and the venerable old man seems to Bethlehem and stood on the spot where the determined to rescue David from his dangerous new obsession. Nazarene was born. From a believer he learned of

the heavenly choir which, on the night of the miracThe burden of uncertainty beneath which David ulous birth, sang hosannas above the fields of the struggled was becoming intolerable. He determined, shepherds, "Peace on earth, good will toward men."

therefore, to leave Jericho and go to Jerusalem, the To the perturbed man this seemed the height of city of his ancestors, hoping that under the shadows irony. What peace had this strange teacher brought?

of the holy temple or in the bright sunlight of the Instead, commotion and unrest had followed every

Mount of Olives he would find an answer to his step; he had wrecked the life of one who might have

problems. redeemed his people. Again David fled, but fled

It was early morning when he mounted his favorite rebelliously and in stubborn anger.

camel, and, followed by a retinue of wellmounted This anger was not diminished by the statement of servants, so equipped that camping out would be a an acquaintance that the Nazarene was heralded by pleasure, he commenced his pilgrimage. some as king of the Jews. To entertain such aspiraTwilight was settling over the plain on the evening tions one must, in David's opinion, be royally born

of the second day when the company reached the well and trained in empire building. It was unwarranted

at the foot of the sharp hill leading into the Jordan presumption on the part of this lowly carpenter to

Valley. Though they might easily have reached dream of such station.

Jerusalem, David ordered a halt. The servants proAnd so, with evervarying feelings, David pursued

ceeded to make careful preparations for the night, his journey. He traveled through Samaria to Haifa.

for the road from Jerusalem to Jericho had an unHe followed along the sea coast to Tyre and Sidon, savory reputation. then returned inland and passed through the valley

Directly below him was the Garden of Gethsemane of Esdraelon and up to the picturesque hillside city and the valley of the Kidron, and extending beyond was the Valley of Jehoshaphat, where every Jew desired to be buried so that he might be on hand when Jerusalem, chief town of Palestine, stands on the summit of the great gathering occurred as predicted by the the ridge of the Judean mountains. The elevated plateau on

Prophet Joel. Opposite him was the gate Beautiful and which it is built is intersected by deep valleys subdividing it.

810 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of Nazareth, where the Master had spent most of unnumbered thousands of his people had sat forlornly his years. by its waters and wept. It was not unmanly for

Continuing his journey, David visited Cana, where him to add his tears to theirs. He wept for the Jews

the story was told him of the first miracle, by which scattered among the nations—in Babylon, in Persia,

water was turned into wine. From here he descended Greece, Egypt, Rome; for his native land; for Jeruto Tiberius on the shore of Lake Galilee and followed salem, the holy city, occupied and governed by

along the coast to Capernaum. strangers. Well might he weep for it! He wept for

On every hand was evidence of some miracle, or, Judea, governed by a cruel Roman procurator, for what made a still stronger appeal to the acute intellect Perea and Galilee, burdened by the unworthy Herod.

of the young man, a parable which indicated how He wept for his own departed glory; for, despite the

completely the Nazarene understood the hearts of men. enveloping mental darkness, one great and illuminatTormented by the internal disturbance, which was ing truth shone out with almost blinding clearness: he

hourly becoming more rampant, he quitted his camp could never, be king over his people. He wept for

and walked out into the twilight. Ruth, lost to him forever, for the home he had

Aimlessly he wandered about the quiet village and dreamed of having, for his shattered hopes of sons again found himself on the river's verdant bank where who would proudly bear his name in the earth and add

NOVEMBER 1957 811 (Continued) to its honor. fears they have word from Rome favorable to their

And thus the long night passed. In the morning he course."

bade his servants go on. He would follow on foot and David mounted the camel which Hassan had been

when he chose. leading. The animals, though weary, were homeward

Hassan protested. "Remember the danger you are bound and soon reached their destination.

in. I must go with you in order to fulfil my promise To David now came the strange mission of comto Father Elihu."forting others. One evening when David and Haran

"No, good faithful Hassan. Much as I love you, I were visiting, Hassan announced the arrival of Martha

prefer to be alone."and her maid. David struggled to suppress a smile as

David was in a more tranquil humor than he had his visitor begged almost frantically for permission to been since his last meeting with Ruth. After parting withdraw.

with his servants at Bethabara, three days and nights "No, Haran; I refuse to meet Martha alone."

had been spent in the wilderness. As he trudged "But what will she say if she sees me here?"

wearily along, he was surprised to find himself singing "What will you think of her being here? Hassan,

a favorite song, but with discordant voice because of have the young lady come in."

the dryness of his throat and tongue. Haran's dismay did not exceed that of the new

He walked toward the road leading to the city, and visitor when she saw who was present.

when nearing Gilgal thought he saw in the distance his "Haran has been kind enough to call on me, Marown camel. He shouted, and the riders turned toward tha,"David said, "to offer his sympathy upon the loss

him, urging their animals forward with all possible of my position and my good name; also to caution me

speed, though both men and camels seemed little less against the physical danger which he thinks lurks in weary than himself. It was Hassan and Abner, the my way."

trusted friend of Elihu. Martha rushed headlong into speech. "And that is

"My master, you will pardon my disobedience?"why I came, David. I have heard from more than one

Hassan asked. He had dismounted and kissed David's source of the danger you are in. I felt you must be

hand affectionately. "Upon our return to Jericho withwarned; Father and our entire household are against

out you, Father Elihu took charge of matters and you now, and I could not well send warning."

ordered us to search for you at once. Because of your "I should like to know your father's exact attitude.

belief in the Nazarene, who is said by his adherents Tell me, please."

to be the future king of the Jews, you are charged with "It is nothing short of base treason, he declares, for being an enemy to Caesar and his representative, you to do what you have done after the loyal support

Pilate; also with leading a revolt against Herod and your friends have given you. Now that is what you get

his legally established government. Elihu feared that for insisting on a plain answer. But will you accept our

your solitary presence in the wilderness might become warning of danger and profit by it?"

known, in which case it is almost certain you would be "What would you have me do, Martha, renounce my followed, and probably your friends would never hear belief in the Nazarene?"

of you again.""I should despise you if you did,"the girl answered

"Such a charge against me is absurd. All my ambiimpulsively. "The Nazarene is—he is—"She looked

tions and plans are well known to Tiberius and he weakly at Haran. "Of course I know little about the

will willingly absolve me from any improper conduct."Nazarene, but if your faith in him is as strong as I

"Be not too sure of that,"Abner protested. "Tiberius have heard it is, it would be despicable cowardice to

is not likely to intercede for you in an unpopular cause. prove false to it."Then turning more confidently to

Did he not tell you something of the kind?"Haran, "Is not that your opinion? If David believes

"He said I must make myself popular."with all his heart in this man, should he not be true to

"You know how well you have done it. From the that belief, even at the expense of friends or position

assurance which Herod and Zebulon exhibit, Elihu or life itself?"(Continued on page 870)

ONCOMING STORM

by Ethel Jacobson

The cliff everywhere was lashed by the sea Even the sky was dark with anger

Where a savage tide beat ceaselessly, And shrill with cormorants'sullen clangor

As stunted firs were flailed by the wind Where a gray world lay drenched in mist,

And the clumps of saltgrass were scourged and thinned. Trembling, clenched in a storm god's fist.

812 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Faith

THOUGHTS FOR YOUR INSPIRATIONAL TALK

Let us have faith that right makes might; Faith is the subtle chain

and in that faith let us dare to do our duty as Which binds us to the infinite; the voice

we understand it. Of a deep life within, that will remain

—Abraham Lincoln.. Until we crowd it thence.

—Elizabeth Oakes Smith.

And as all have not faith, seek ye diligently and teach one another words of wisdom; yea,

seek ye out of the best books words of wisFaith builds a bridge across the gulf of death, dom; seek learning, even by study and also by To break the shock blind nature cannot shun.

faith.—Edward Young: Night Thoughts,

-D&C 88:118. iv, 1745.

Wake in our breast the living fires I need not shout my faith. Thrice eloquent

The holy faith that warmed our sires. Are quiet trees and the green listening sod;

—Oliver Wendell Holmes. Hushed are the stars, whose power is never

spent; The hills are mute: yet how they speak of But give me, Lord, eyes to behold the truth; God!

A seeing sense that knows the eternal—Charles Hanson Towne right;

A heart with pity filled, and gentlest ruth;

A manly faith that makes all darkness A perfect faith would lift us absolutely light. above fear.

—Theodore Parker.—George Macdonald.

Twas an unhappy division that has been made Lord, give me faith!—to live from day to day,

between faith and works. Though in my intelWith tranquil heart to do my simple part,

lect I may divide them, just as in the candle And with my hand in thine, just go Thy way.

I know there is both light and heat; but yet

put out the candle, and they are both gone; Lord, give me faith!—to trust, if not to know;

one remains not without the other: So 'tis With quiet mind in all things Thee to find,

betwixt faith and works. Nay, in a right conAnd, childlike, go where Thou wouldst have

ception, fides est opus; if I believe a thing beme go.

cause I am commanded, that is opus.

Lord, it all faith!—to leave to give me Thee, -John Selden: Table Talk 1689.

gift, I lift future not The is Thy would

Faith is like a lily, lifted high and white. The veil Thy love has hung 'twixt it and me.

—Christina Rossetti. -John Oxenham, 18521941.

NOVEMBER 1957 813 For I the Lord cannot look upon sin with the least degree of allowance;

Nevertheless, he that repents and does the commandments of the Lord shall he forgiven. (D & G 1:

3132.) Victor Hugo in Les Miserables has given us one of the most beautiful and at the same time most touching examples of the power of forgiveness to be found in the worldly writings of men.

Victor Hugo's description of Jean Valjean after nineteen years as a prisoner in the galleys is unforgettable. His initial offense was the stealing of a

loaf of bread to feed his mother's starving family. At

that time he was only a boy. Upon his release from

prison, after all others had rejected him as a despised exconvict, he was finally befriended by a bishop, M.

Beauvian.

The bishop treated Jean Valjean with great kindness and generosity. He trusted him and gave him

food and lodging. Jean Valjean, unable to overcome

the evil impulses fostered during his prison years, re- "As We paid the bishop by robbing him of his silverware, consisting of many priceless heirlooms. He was short- "

ly after apprehended by the gendarmes and brought Forgive back, with the bishop's treasures in his bag. The

bishop forgave Jean Valjean and, in place of accusby Henry D. Moyle ingsaid himto him,of his"Youdastardlyforgot deedthe candlesticks,"of ingratitude,andinstantlygiving

of the Council of the Twelve them to Jean Valjean, told him that they were silver, too. After the officers had left, the bishop said to

the exconvict, Jean Valjean, my brother, you belong no longer to evil but to good.... I will draw it [his soul] from dark

thoughts and from the spirit of perdition....

This act of forgiveness on the part of a man whose property had been stolen aroused the latent virtues of Jean. They had lain dormant for nineteen years.

Even his long term in the galleys could not destroy the inherent desire in man to do good. Almost his

first act after the saintly deed of the bishop was to

In preparation for the next visit of befriend a little golden haired girl in dire distress known as Cosette. The author's ultimate description

the ward teachers, it is hoped that of Jean Valjean is indicative of the tremendous transeach family will read, as a part of formation in the character of this unfortunate man.

Cosette completed the reformation of this man's life their family hour, this stirring artiwhich the bishop had initiated. Victor Hugo writes:

cle. It is one of a series in which The Bishop had caused the dawn of virtue on his

General Authorities, in cooperation horizon, Cosette evoked the dawn of love.

After a life filled with charity, forgiveness, and other with the Presiding Bishopric, discuss good deeds, Jean Valjean sacrificed life itself for the the monthly ward teaching topics. happiness and wellbeing of Cosette and her husband.

In his final letter to her, he wrote these words:

Family Hour Discussion Topic

I am writing just now to Cosette. She will find my And if ye salute your brethren only, what do ye

letter. To her I bequeath the two candlesticks which more than others? do not even the publicans so?

are on the mantel. They are silver, but to me they are Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which

gold. They are diamonds.... I do not know whether is in heaven is perfect. (Matt. 5:4348.)

he who gave them to me is satisfied with me.... I Love, forgiveness, and mercy are not abstract attrihave done what I could. butes merely to be talked about. They were not given

to us as theoretical characteristics about which we

A life transformed would philosophize, something to be considered as a

One act of complete forgiveness entirely altered the goal beyond our reach. On the contrary, our lives

life of this exconvict. Throughout his life he was should show the fruits of our faith. We can be, and

hounded and suffered humiliation and degradation we should be, and many of us are truly realistic in almost beyond human endurance. The gendarmes discovering the virtues of our fellow men while at the

continually sought for trivial reasons to reincarcerate same time overlooking their faults, whether they be him. Nevertheless he succeeded in keeping the secneighbor or stranger.

ond great commandment throughout the remaining Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and years of his life. He had once again regained the clamour, and evil speaking, be put away from you,

attributes of virtue, love, and forgiveness, which he with all malice:

conscientiously exercised thereafter toward those who And be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forpursued and persecuted him. giving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath

We also see in the life story of Jean Valjean how forgiven you. (Eph. 4:3132.)

closely repentance on his part followed his forgiveness by the man he had wronged. Thereafter he Repentance follows forgiveness

brought forth fruits mete for repentance. How signifi- I like to reflect upon repentance as one of the precant are the words of the Lord to the Prophet Joseph paratory principles of the gospel, following faith in

Smith: the Lord Jesus Christ and in turn taking its place in

Wherefore, I say unto you, that ye ought to forgive our preparation for baptism by immersion for the one another; for he that forgiveth not his brother his remission of our sins and the reception of the Holy

trespasses standeth condemned before the Lord; for Ghost. Do we become fit subjects for baptism so

there remaineth in him the greater sin. (D & C 64:9.) long as we do not keep both the first and the second

And later the Lord said: great commandments? After baptism do we have a

Verily, verily, I say unto you, my servants, that inpromise of retaining the power and inspiration of the asmuch as you have forgiven one another your tresHoly Ghost if we do not love our neighbors as ourpasses, even so I, the Lord, forgive you. (Ibid., 82:1.) selves, if we do not magnify their virtues and forgive

As we lose ourselves in forgiving others their tresthem their faults?

passes, we find ourselves fulfilling the high purposes It was once very appropriately said, "Wouldn't it of life, the saving of our own souls. be wonderful if we could all listen to a sermon on

As Latterday Saints we are committed to the oblirepentance and not immediately think of our neighgation of ever increasing the circle of those whom we bor?"We all need a call to repentance frequently,

have truly forgiven. We may naturally start close rich and poor alike. Certainly if we find any difficulty

to home, but the Savior made the end point clear: in forgiving either friend ( Continued on page 873

Ye liave heard that it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy neighbour, and hate thine enemy.

But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you;

That ye may he the children of your Father which Elder Henry D. Moyle of the

is in heaven: for he maketh his sun to rise on the Council of the Twelve, author of

evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and this thoughtprovoking article, was on the unjust. sustained a member of the Council

For if ye love them which love you, what reward at the April conference, 1947.

have ye? do not even the publicans the same?

NOVEMBER 1957 815 Leadership Development

PLANNING

by Sterling W. Sill

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve W7 \t

'The difference was planning. 1

1. Make a written statement of objectives.

2. Make a written inventory of all available resources. (Listing all possibilities for reinforceFew things are more vital to

ment. ) success than consistent plan- 3. Make a written inventory of the resources of

the enemy. (List all reasons why the mission

ning. The following pages set may not succeed.

4. Prepare a written plan, explaining exactly how

forth the basic steps for proghe intends to use his resources to overcome the resources of the enemy and accomplish the obress and final achievement. jective.

We clarify our thoughts when we write them out.

HUmMH We also impress them deeper into our brain cells when we can keep them constantly before us in visual form. Writing helps us to finish our thinking before

The foundation of all success is planning. The starting action. Before a plan can be put on paper, it

highest paid man in the army is the planner. He is must be clear in our own minds. Most unwritten

the one who thinks, devises strategy, and blueprints plans are like New Year's resolutions: indefinite, inaccomplishment. Battles are won in the tent of the complete, and soon forgotten. If we write out our

general. The same principle holds true in every resolutions and set definite deadlines for accomplishother field. The architect lays out on paper every ment, success can be made easy and certain.

detail of the building before he starts construction. Defects are more easily recognized and eliminated

Henry Ford once said that the difference between the when plans are in writing. Many excellent ideas will

old Model T and the new Lincoln was planning. pop into our minds while the plan is being made.

Planning is even more important in church work A written plan may be checked by the "general"who where the welfare of immortal souls is at stake. has supervision of your work, and thereby we may get

Planning is the mother of almost every other ability. the advantage of his suggestions. A "plan"should

It is the place where man shows himself most like represent the thinking of the team. If written, a plan

God. If we want to increase our effectiveness in can be more easily understood by the others concerned;

church work and help to get more people into the it can also be referred to regularly, and it prevents celestial kingdom, the best place to start is to learn forgetfulness.

how to plan our work, organize our thoughts, direct The greatest sin of a military commander is to lose our efforts, and utilize our time. That is planning, the battle. That is also the besetting sin of church

and we learn to do it by doing it. workers. When the Lord gives us the responsibility

Following is a formula to help us plan, given by of saving souls, he wants us to succeed. To fail is a

James G. Harboard, a world war general and former sin, not only for itself alone, but also for what it is

chairman of the board of the Radio Corporation of a sign of. It may be a sign of sloth, ignorance, inAmerica. He said that before anyone under his direcdifference, disobedience, or procrastination in us.

tion attempted to carry out any mission he must do Generals give the effect of invulnerability by never four things in writing: allowing an exception to success to occur. We can

816 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA become "invulnerable"if we plan our work and then supervise, motivate, and a hundred other abilities that work our plans to the limit. the average man never really uses.

A good place to start to plan is to set up a definite Abraham Lincoln said that when he was preparobjective. We must know where we want to go before ing for a debate he spent onefourth of his time

we get started. Success is also much easier when we thinking about what he was going to say, and threehave a definite objective; for example, an athlete can fourths thinking about what his opponent was going

jump higher if he lays a bamboo pole horizontally to say. When you go into battle, the more you know

across measured uprights and then tries to jump over about the enemy it. He doesn't get very far if he merely jumps up in the better. The

the air without knowing whether or not he is getting enemy of the Idaho anywhere. Progress is easiest when it is timed, farmer was whatchecked, and measured. Once the goal has been esever caused his

tablished, we can work backward to success. poor yield. If a

As an example, I know a farmer in Idaho who last Church worker is going to plan to inyear grew 500 sacks of potatoes to the acre. A neighcrease his effecbor on the same kind of land grew 150 sacks. What tiveness, he must

Aristotle it? about you "The more is know reason? the about can he do what And prehe know why better."the the enemy

until said thing that a once know know we we never fell viously down.

it by its causes. Every failure has a cause and every Aristotle told Alexander that the greatest foe that

success has a cause, just as does indigestion or overever confronted an army was never in the ranks of weight. The farmer with 150 sacks to the acre must the enemy but always in his own camp. That is

find out what causes his lower yield. It may be bad always true. Who is the greatest enemy of America?

seed, a poor seed bed, lack of fertilizer, improper care, It is not Russia or China. The greatest enemy of

or disease. If one can learn the cause of failure, he America is weakness inside America.

can eliminate it. If we can learn what causes sucWho is the greatest enemy of the Church? The

cess, we can produce it. With a definite goal, we can Prophet Joseph Smith was less fearful of the acts of

do whatever is necessary to bring about the desired the mob than he was of those who might prove to be results. traitors among his own people. Before the city counWe must know what we have to work with. A good cil of Nauvoo, he made this significant statement in

general has an accurate inventory of tanks, guns, oil, December 1843:

men, and food supply. The / am exposed to far greater danger from traitors

Idaho farmer has soil, ferti- [from] among ourselves than from enemies withlizer, irrigation water, seed, out.... All the enemies upon the face of the earth

labor, climate, etc. A good may roar and exert all their power to bring about my

Church worker has the gosdeath, but they can accomplish nothing, unless some pel, the Spirit of the Lord, who are among us,... [who have enjoyed] our sothe program of the Church, ciety, have been with us in our councils, participated

his associate officers and in our confidence, taken us by the hand, called us teachers, the members of his brother, saluted us with a kiss, join with our enemies, organization, their parents, turn our virtues into faults, and, by falsehood and etc. He has his own time, deceit, stir up their wrath and indignation against us,

resourcefulness, initiative, and bring their united vengeance upon our heads.

'A neighbor grew 150 sacks!"enthusiasm, ability to train, (DHC 6:152.)

NOVEMBER GOLD

by Gladys I. Hamilton

November is a golden month, Someone passed through our garden gate

So lovely to behold, And walked with Midas tread

With amber tints and saffron hues To weave a gold November with

And gleaming cornshock gold. His bright metallic thread.

NOVEMBER 1957 817 The history of the following few months clearly didn't know, but he also wasn't interested enough or shows that Joseph was right in his fear that traitors thoughtful enough to try to find out. How do you

within his own ranks would do him harm. One of think God would feel about such weakness? That

his own counselors, William Law, assisted in betraying situation obtains with too many of us. We don't check

him into the hands of his enemies, and the warrant up on ourselves. If we are failing, we ought to know

for his arrest was signed by a former member of the why. That is our business. The Lord expects it of us.

Church by the name of Higsby. He says: "... it is required of the Lord, at the hand

President McKay once said: "The Church is seldom, of every steward, to render an account of his stewardif ever, injured by the persecution of ignorant or misship, both in time and in eternity."(D & C 72:3.)

informed or malicious enemies. A greater hindrance We must be able to identify, isolate and destroy the

to its progress comes from faultfinders, commandment enemies of the work of the Lord. We must also be

breakers, and shirkers inside the Church."aware of our strengths and how to increase them.

It is one of the great secrets of success—to find out Elbert Hubbard once said that "The secret of sucwho our enemies are. Who is preventing the progress cess is constancy of purpose."That implies a master

of the Idaho farmer? Who is it that keeps me ignorant plan over a long period. Disraeli said about the

and poor and unsuccessful? Who betrayed Jesus? same thing: "Genius is the power to make continuous

Who denied him? Who was it that slept during his effort."Someone else said that "Success is the power

greatest trial? Now—who is it that is holding you to visualize the objective."That is not possible for

back? one who has no objective or plan.

It is sometimes a little difficult to get an accurate When one knows where he wants to go, what his point of view about an "enemy"who is so close to us. resources are, and what will tend to hold him back,

only then is he in a position to decide on strategy and set up a road map and timetable for success. That

is planning.

Exactly how are you going to use your resources to overcome the resources of the enemy to accomplish the objective? We must increase our ability. We

never grow in the work of the Church unless we grow as individuals. Second, we must keep score on ourselves. Everyone recognizes the folly of giving his

son an assignment and then failing to check up. That

failure is a dozen times worse if you do not check yourself. Visualize the objective while you keep your

'We don't check up on ourselves. statistics in constant view. This image of success

can be so strongly fixed in your mind that it will actually come to pass.

Our faults, like our blessings, mostly come in disguise. Never allow an exception to success to occur. Think

Some men go through their entire lives without ever of the importance of your work. It is inconceivable

finding out where their failure is coming from. Some that you should fail God. Figure what you need to

never even know that they are failing. The greatest do to accomplish your objective. What is your plan

weakness is to be conscious of none. The second for learning the program backwards and forwards?

weakness is to place the blame in the wrong place. What is your plan for getting your fellow officers and

Who is it that is holding your particular organizateachers to know the program? What is your program

tion back? Certainly it is not enemies from the outfor getting the parents working for you instead of

side. One of our greatest lessons is to learn that our against you? How are you going to get the members

real enemies are usually found in our own camp. The of your organization organized and trained and motireason for our failure last year may be that we had vated? How are you going to eliminate those weakno firmly held objective. It may be that because of nesses which caused you to fall down last year? What

our own inertia, irregularity, irresponsibility, lack of skills and attitudes and habits must be developed to motivation, lack of determination, or shortage of some bring about an accomplishment that would please specific skill to put our job over, we ourselves are God?

holding back the work of the Lord. We must succeed in the work of the Lord. Failure

A Church worker once complained to me about his is weakness. All success is comparatively simple once

lack of progress. I asked him what his trouble was. we have an objective and a plan backed up by suffiHe said, "I haven't the faintest idea."Not only he cient determination and industry.

818 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Cody Mural Tells History of the Church

An everincreasing number of people are yearly year to get the proper background and feel for the journeying to distant places to see the wonders of assignment. The painting of the mural took eleven

America. Many of these travelers are pausing at cermonths of devoted work to complete.

tain centers throughout the land to hear the story of Painted on the wall and ceiling of a circular room, the restored Church, while visiting spots of historical the scenes of the mural blend together and are sepinterest, lingering in the shadows of our buildings, arated only by the figures of the first eight Presidents enjoying the peace and beauty of our grounds, or of the Church. President George Albert Smith died

listening to our music. shortly before the painting was completed in 1951.

One of these centers of interest, which entices many The care and attention given this piece of art are of the thousands of travelers who use the east gateway typical of the many projects completed by the artist.

to Yellowstone National Park each summer, is located Winner of a dozen awards for his work, Mr. Grigware

in Cody, Wyoming. The attraction is a beautiful mural has exhibited in many national art shows, and has been

which depicts important events in Church history. This represented in eight international exhibits. His murals

great work of art was painted by Edward T. Grigware, grace the walls of a dozen buildings from Chicago to

and was made possible by the dreams, the plans, and Los Angeles. The Garden Room in the Los Angeles

the contributions of members of the Church in Cody. Temple and portraits of Joseph and Hyrum Smith, also

Up to two hundred persons a day viewed the mural painted for the Los Angeles Temple, are among his during the 1957 tourist season. On hand daily between most recent endeavors.

six a.m. and ten p.m. was a member of the Big Horn Eleanor Jewett, art critic for the Chicago Tribune,

Stake quorum of high priests who greeted the visitors, has said of him: "His stirring paintings are virile,

explained the painting, and answered questions. Tracts colorful, magnificent. Whether he paints a sketch or a

were distributed to interested parties. Other Church large canvas, back of each is consummate skill and

literature was made available. great knowledge. A flair for composition, a sure touch,

Plans for the nowfamous project took shape while a relentless pursuit of accuracy, and an intense feeling

Cody was still a branch, functioning under the direcfor beauty. Never a wrong note struck, never a flaw

tion of Branch President Lloyd Taggart and his counpermitted. Brilliance, dash, vigor."

selor, Glenn E. Nielson. Brother Taggart was later first

bishop of the Cody Ward, and is now a member of Mr. Grigware is a resident of Cody, having moved

the stake high council. Brother Nielson, who also west in 1937, after following an art career in Chicago

served as a counselor in the ward bishopric, has been for twentysix years. In describing his painting of a

"remarkable story,"Mr. Grigware has said, "I have

president of the stake since 1954.

Mr. Grigware, an artist whose ability and fame had painted the love and respect that I hold in my heart

long before been established, was invited to paint the for these indomitable people."

mural. This invitation he readily accepted as he had As one leaves the room, he can see high on the

long had a desire to try his hand at religious art. But domed ceiling a group of strong, solemn faces reprebefore even making as much as a preliminary sketch, senting the pioneers. Appropriately, a caption below

he intently studied the history of the Church for a full the scene reads, "Lest We Forget."

NOVEMBER 1957 819..ZtSFjiLM The Saga of Mormonism by Doyle L. Green

Managing Editor

This is an American epoch.

This is the story of men and of a people who, in spite of prejudice and persecution, and while suffering unbelievable opposition and untold hardships, introduced a new philosophy of life, reestablished the

Church, circled the globe proclaiming the gospel, spanned a continent to find peace, and carved a thriving empire out of a mountainous and desert wilderness that no one else wanted.

This is a tale of courage, of faith, of hope, of inspiration.

This is the saga of Mormonism!

(Continued after colored section)

JOSEPH SMITH RECEIVES THE GOLDEN PLATES JOSEPH SMITH THE PROPHET TRANSLATION OF THE PLATES OLIVER COWDERY AND JOSEPH SMITH RECEIVE

This great American epoch, the saga of Mormonism, begins when Joseph

Smith receives, under the guidance of an angel, gold plates taken from the

Hill Cumorah in western New York. The place is now marked by an imposing

monument. With divine aid Joseph translates the ancient characters. He

and Oliver Cowdery, after inquiring about baptism, are given authority from

God—the priesthood—and are instructed to baptize each other. JjJoseph

Smith was 21 years of age when he received the plates, 38 at his death.

In addition to Joseph Smith, eleven men are permitted to see and examine the gold plates from which the translation of the Book of Mormon, a companion book to the Holy Bible, is made. In April 1830 the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints is organized after the pattern of the ancient

Church. Missionaries are sent out; the Church grows; and headquarters

are moved to Kirtland, Ohio, where a temple, in which sacred ordinances are to be performed, is built and dedicated. fBrigham Young, great colonizer,

led the Church from 1844 to 1877.

NAUVOO THE BEAUTIFUL JOHN TAYLOR MARTYRDOM OF JOSEPH AND HYRUM SMITH EXODUS FROM NAUVOO PILLAGE AND BURNING

After much persecution, the rapidly growing Church builds the beautiful city of Nauvoo on the Mississippi River in Illinois. Believing Joseph Smith's

death will destroy the Church, an angry mob brutally murders the Prophet and his brother, Hyrum. Guided by the Lord the Mormon exiles, driven

from their homes in midwinter, begin the 1,500 mile exodus to the Rocky

Mountains. flJohn Taylor, wounded by the mob at Carthage, lived to lead

the Church from 1877 to 1887.

p 1

: OFNAUVOO THE MORMON BATTALION WILFORD WOODRUFF THE TREK WESTWARD SWEETWATER RIVER SPLIT ROCK INDEPENDENCE ROCK

jt

The Latterday Saints, demonstrating their loyalty to America respond to a call to recruit 500 volunteers to join the V. S. army and serve in the war

against Mexico. With their ranks depleted by a half thousand of their ablest

men, the pioneers continue their trek westward over plain, prairie, and mountain, through the lands of the savages, seeking a place of refuge.

J/Wilford Woodruff, under whose administration the great Salt Lake Temple was completed, led the Church from 1887 to 1898.

-**igg;

BRIGHAM YOUNG MEETS JIM BRIDGER LORENZO SNOW 'THIS IS THE PLACE"PLANNING SALT LAKE CITY "HERE WE WILL BUILD A TEMPLE 1

On the trail the pioneers meet Jim Bridger who tries to discourage them from settling in the Great Basin, but undaunted they push on through the mountains to the Valley of the Great Salt Lake, which Brigham Young declares to be the chosen place for the "Latterday Saints"to settle. A city

is planned and laid out in the salt grass and the sagebrush; a fort is built

as a protection from the Indians; and a site for a temple is selected. fFrom

1898 to 1901 the Church was guided by Lorenzo Snow.

OUR BB.jG.HAMGOD"IRRIGATION JOSEPH F. SMITH GOLD IN CALIFORNIA THE COMING OF THE GULLS

Flooding the parched land with water—beginning of modern irrigation in

North America—makes the ground workable. Crops are planted; houses

are built. While the fortyniners rush to California to find gold, the Mormons establish homes, till the soil, and work toward the building of the

kingdom of God. When their crops—and their lives—are threatened by

hordes of devastating crickets, the Lord sends great flocks of seagulls to deliver them, fJoseph F. Smith, son of the Prophet's brother, Hyrum, was

Church President between 1901 and 1918.

tUtmWm HANDCART MIGRATION OVER SOUTH PASS HEBER J. GRANT THE UTAH WAR CUTTING STONE IN LITTLE COTTONWOOD CANYON BUILDING THE 1

jf jtm

kit

Hundreds of converts from Europe walk the entire distance across the plains to the Salt Lake Valley, pulling and pushing handcarts loaded with their earthly possessions. Tragedy befalls two companies which leave too late

in the season and are overtaken in the mountains by early snows and freezing weather, and many perish. Little trouble is had with the Indians, most

of whom are friendly. False reports to the U. S. government result in an

army being sent to Utah. The troops are successfully repulsed until a treaty

is reached. fFrom 1918 to 1945 the Church was led by Heber J. Grant.

GREAT SALT LAKE TEMPLE GEORGE ALBERT SMITH IN THY LIGHT WE SHALL SEE THE GLORY OF GOD

Monuments to the diligence and faithfulness of the Mormon pioneers are the worldfamed tabernacle and temple in Salt Lake City. Begun in 1853,

the multispired temple, made of handcut granite hauled 20 miles by ox team, was forty years in building. fThe last section of the mural is the artist's

conception of the Church aiding the peoples of the world to move out of the darkness toward the light wherein all may enjoy God's glory, fGeorge

Albert Smith was President of the Church from 1945 to 1951.

(Continui The Saga of Mormonism

An integral part of the history of America, the story of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints had its beginnings in the first third of the 19th century in northeastern United States.

When JosepnSSmith, the principal character in the drama, was born in VeTT?ftit in 1805, the United

States was still in its infancy. President George

Washington had died only six years earlier. Thomas

Jefferson was serving his second term as the country s third president.

These were times of rapid growth and expandrontiers. In the twenty years following the

the century the country's population climbed nillion to over nineand-onehalf million.

in the century the Louisiana territory was urchased from Napoleon Bonaparte, doubling the rea and greatly increasing the economic resources of the country. fe->

The first third of the century saw eleven fledgling states added to the original thirteen colonies, extending the borders of the new nation beyond the

Mississippi River.

Meanwhile reform movements were demanding i&jtich attention, with slavery, temperance, women's hts, and taxsupported schools being widely disssed. New inventions, land bills, foreign trade,

tariff, and the Monroe Doctrine occupied the minds of the people.

These were momentous years in the history of

America!

In 1820 an event occurred in western New York, which, though often overlooked by historians, had an incalculable effect upon the history of the new nation.

The boy Joseph Smith, now in his fifteenth year, was living in western New York, his family having moved from Vermont four years earlier.

Religious excitement was running high. Ministers of several denominations were holding revivals.

Members of the Smith family desired to become members of the true church, but which of the many was true? Some favored one sect, some another.

Joseph was confused. How could a fourteenyear-

old boy know which church to join?

On a beautiful morning in early spring, Joseph went into a grove of trees near his home to pour out his soul to the one Being he knew could guide him—his Heavenly Father, acting on the advice

given in the first chapter and fifth verse of the epistle of James:

If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not;

and it shall be given him."ligious tolerance was expanding, many people were

Joseph returned to his home with his mind at looking for the truth. The Lord had timed the

peace. His prayer had been answered. God the event well.

Father and his Son Jesus Christ had appeared, tellDespite widespread skepticism which existed ing him to join none of the churches and revealing regarding Joseph's experiences, some friends were that the fulness of the gospel should at some future early raised up. One was a young schoolteacher

time be made known to him. named Oliver Cowdery. On April 7, 1829, work

Word that the Lord had spoken to a fourteenwas started in earnest on the translation of the yearold boy was received with much excitement plates, with Joseph transcribing the characters and but little tolerance by the people in western New dictating to Oliver, who recorded the words in

York. Small wonder! Such a thing was unlonghand.

precedented. God had not revealed himself to the And so the remarkable story on the plates unworld for many generations, yea, centuries. It was folded—an account of ancestors of the American

popularly believed that the heavens were closed. Indians and of God's dealings with them—a record

Yet those who knew the young man well were of three separate migrations of people to the Amerimpressed. Joseph was honest and sincere, devout icas, beginning at the time of the tower of Babel.

and intelligent. He had been truly seeking the The account ended about 421 A.D. with the hiding

Church of God. The large number of Christian of the plates in the hill. Here was a companion book

sects and the extreme diversity of their teachings to the Holy Bible, testifying of the Lord and Savior demonstrated the confusion which existed in the Jesus Christ! Throughout it the gospel plan was

religious world. Where was the truth? Was it presented simply and clearly.

illogical to think that a loving Father, who had Whenever a question arose in the course of guided his children down through the dispensatranslation, the two young men would inquire of tions, would speak again to man? the Lord, thereby receiving much guidance. Many

Four years passed and news of further remarkpassages, for example, declared that baptism was able events was abroad. Young Joseph had been essential to salvation. This they also knew from

visited by another heavenly being, who called himreading the Bible, yet neither had been baptized.

self Moroni, and told that God had an important When they asked of the Lord, they learned that a work for him to do. Deposited in a nearby hill man must be called of God by prophecy, and by the

were some gold plates which contained the fulness laying en of hands, by those who have the authority, of the everlasting gospel. His was to be the glorious to preach the gospel or administer in its ordinances.

privilege of translating the characters on the plates A heavenly messenger conferred the needed auand being the instrument in God's hands in restorthority from God upon them and instructed them ing the gospel. to baptize each other. Additional keys were received

Going to the hill, called Cumorah, as instructed as they were needed for the progress of the work.

by Moroni, Joseph found the plates in a stone box, Meanwhile the translation went on, and within protected from the elements of centuries by a roundthree months the monumental task was completed.

ing stone lid that covered them. The first edition of the publication, called The Book

Attempting to remove the treasure, Joseph was of Mormon, came from the press in the early spring informed by the messenger that the time had not of 1830.

yet come, but that he must return each year for It was a happy day when Joseph learned that four years to receive instruction and to learn "how others would be permitted to see and handle the and in what manner His [God's] kingdom was to be gold plates and bear witness of them. Eleven men

conducted in the last days."were given this opportunity and left their testiWhen the period of training and preparation monies in writing to the world.

was past the records were delivered into Joseph's The time had now come for organizing the hands, with a strict warning to guard them zealously Church. Accordingly, on April 6, 1830, this was

and to show them to no one, lest they be taken accomplished by six persons in the Peter Whitmer from him. home in Fayette, New York. The following SunFrom this moment onward until his death the day the first public discourse was given, and the

life of Joseph was one of unending harassment and harvest of souls was begun.

persecution. A hundred years later he might have The story of the restoration of the gospel and

been permitted to proceed with his work in peace. the reestablishment of the Church of Jesus Christ,

A hundred fifty years earlier he might have been the testimony and sincerity of the missionaries, the hanged for charlatanry. It was an inbetween era message of the Book of Mormon, and the refreshing

in America. Frontiers were moving westward, retruthfulness of the revealed word of God arrested

the interest of an increasing number of people. And

whereas the mere mention of this new Church caused many a skeptical eyebrow to be raised, still some honest, searching souls were caught in the gospel net. One from a city, two from a family

they came, applying for baptism. Throughout the

states, in Canada, and later in England and throughout the world the proselyting went on.

The entrance of many into the kingdom of God was accompanied by a strong desire to join the body of the Church. So they left their homes and

sought out the Prophet and his people.

As the little Church grew, opposition to it also mounted, and the center of activity shifted from

New York to Ohio, thence across the Mississippi

River to the far western boundaries of the United

States—Jackson County, Missouri. Here on the

frontier, leaders of the new movement thought, would be an ideal gathering place for the members of the Church. Here they would buy land, establish homes, and build a city.

But such was not to be. The new settlers and

the old ones had little in common. The Missouri

economy, like that of the South, was built upon slavery. Oppression of any human being was directly opposed to a basic Mormon belief of freedom

for all men. "Men are, that they might have joy"

their Prophet taught.

In the coming of so many people into the state, and especially into one county, the old settlers saw an almost certain upset in the balance of political power. In addition, beliefs and doctrines of the

newcomers were so strange and different as to cause great alarm. The Mormons had the audacity to

declare that God, a loving being with body, parts, and passions, whose work and glory is to bring about the immortality and eternal life of man, had actually spoken again with man, restored the gospel in its fulness and reestablished his Church after the pattern of the organization Jesus set up when he was on earth. They believed the Godhead to be

composed of three separate and distinct individuals.

Men, all men, according to their teachings, were actually and literally the sons and daughters of

God, in whose likeness they were created.

Such new and lofty concepts of God and man were completely unorthodox and beyond the comprehension of many people, who looked upon the teachings as little short of heresy.

Misunderstanding, mistrust, and prejudice erupted into violence. Appeals to the governor

and the courts were unsuccessful. Attempts to locate peaceably in other counties failed. Finally the

Mormons left Missouri under an "extermination"order from the governor.

In Illinois, for a brief period, the troubled

Church found sanctuary. At the head of the Des Joseph was not afraid of trial. Some fortysix

Moines rapids, where the mighty Mississippi River times previously he had been arrested on false makes a sweep to the west, Joseph Smith bought charges, but had never been convicted on a single for his people in 1839 several hundred acres of count. Now, somehow, in spite of a promise of proground, a virtual wilderness then called Commerce. tection by officials, he knew he would not escape

Changing the name to Nauvoo, which means "the the fury of the mob which seemed to believe that beautiful,"the people went to work again to estabJoseph Smith's death would mean the end of the lish themselves and build homes, church houses, Mormon Church.

and schools. "If my life is of no value to my friends,"he told

By early 1843 the population ofthe "City of the his companions, "it is of none to myself."Recrossing

Saints"was between twelve and sixteen thousand. the river, they journeyed to Carthage where the

A government had been set up, a charter had been governor—and a bloodthirsty mob—were waiting.

granted. Growth continued until Nauvoo became As they neared the city Joseph said:

the largest city in Illinois. Visitors praised the "I am going like a lamb to the slaughter; but I

beauty of the community, the industry and sobriety am calm as a summer's morning; I have a conscience

of its inhabitants. Work progressed on the building void of offense towards God, and towards all men.

of a beautiful temple in which sacred ordinances I shall die innocent, and it shall yet be said of me such as marriage would be performed. Marriage, he was murdered in cold blood."This was the

according to the precepts of the restored Church, twentyfourth of June, 1844. Three days later the

was ordained of God, and if properly performed by mob broke into Carthage jail, where Joseph and men holding authority, would last throughout the his party had been placed for safety, and brutally eternities. "Until death shalt thou part"was to murdered him and his brother. Joseph Smith, the

find no place in the Latterday Saint wedding cereAmerican prophet, had sealed his testimony with monies. his blood.

Also in their temple they would perform work by Those who thought the death of Joseph would proxy for their dead ancestors who may not have bring an end to the Church established through him had an opportunity to hear the truth while on earth, were sadly disappointed. While there were many

demonstrating their belief that God was no respecter heavy hearts, there was no panic in Nauvoo folof persons but that all men in all ages would have lowing the martyrdom. "Be still and know that the

a chance for exaltation in the life to come. Lord is God"was the word that guided the people.

But the same problems which had plagued the The Council of the Twelve Apostles, with Brigham

Church in other places commenced in Nauvoo. Young as president, assumed leadership. The

Political differences, along with growing evidences Church organization and function continued almost of intolerance and persecution, early convinced the uninterrupted. The Lord had prepared well for the

Prophet that former tragedies would be repeated. death of his Prophet.

On February 20, 1844, he wrote in his diary: "I Neither did Joseph's death bring an end to the

instructed the Twelve Apostles to send out a delegapersecution. Prejudice continued to harden the

tion and investigate the locations of California and hearts of the people. The Nauvoo city charter was

Oregon, and hunt out a good location, where we repealed. Illinois demanded that the Mormons

can remove to after the temple is completed, and leave the state.

where we can build a city in a day, and have a What could they do? Where could they turn?

government of our own, get up into the mountains, Forsake their religion, they could not! It meant

where the devil cannot dig us out, and live in a more than homes or even life itself to them. Deny

healthful climate, where we can live as old as we their testimonies? Impossible! How could they

have a mind to."In the East he could see nothing repudiate what they knew to be true?

but ominous clouds and darkness, but he said many There was only one answer. They would follow

times that there was "light in the west."the plan of their martyred prophet. They would

Hostility and opposition to the Church developed go west to the Rocky Mountains! There they could

so rapidly, however, that the scouting party was build homes that would not be burned down, temnever sent. As the storm blew with increasing ples they would not have to forsake. There they

violence over Nauvoo, Joseph Smith and his brother, could worship God as they pleased!

Hyrum, crossed the Mississippi River into Iowa terThe honorable Thomas Drew, governor of ritory and safety. But the exile was short lived, as Arkansas, wrote in a letter to Church leaders:

Joseph was urged by many to return, give himself "I heartily agree with you in the proup, and face arrest and trial on charges of treason posed plan of emigration... thereby placing your

that had been raised against him. community beyond the reach of contention until,

NOVEMBER 1957 833 at least, you shall have had time and opportunity to test the practicability of your system, and to develop its contemplated superior advantages in ameliorating the conditions of the human race, and adding to the blessings of civil and religious liberty....

Should the Latterday Saints migrate to Oregon they will carry with them the good will of philanthropists and the blessings of every friend of humanity. If they are wrong, their wrongs will

be abated with many degrees of allowance, and if right, migration will afford an opportunity to make it manifest in due season to the wThole civilized world."Six months they asked. Time only to dispose

of their property, time to build wagons and buy horses and oxen to pull them, time to gather a supply of goods to see them over fifteen hundred miles of plain and prairie.

Fifteen hundred miles to the mountain valleys!

Half a continent they would place between themselves and their persecutors! Their trail would

lead five hundred miles through the sparsely settled

Iowa territory, then across the Missouri River into the lands of the Omaha, the Sioux, and the Ute a thousand trackless miles beyond the fringes of civilization.

Six months did not seem too long to ask. But the

mobsters were impatient, and violence was increasing. Along with this it was rumored that the

federal government might intervene to block their plans. Not leaving could mean destruction. This

they must not let happen. The Church must be

protected from the fate their Prophet met. Shops

and forges hummed around the clock.

It was midwinter, February 4, 1846, cold and blustery, when the first of the exiles said goodbye to their homes and crossed the river to face the elements, and the savages.

Soon the work of ferrying was going on day and night. By the fifteenth the milewide Mississippi

was frozen so solid that a large company was able to cross on the ice. By the latter part of April most of

the Mormons had left the city.

Imagine the problems involved in moving an entire city into the wilderness. Most of these people

were not used to the rigors of the frontier. Their

persecutors expected them to perish on the plains.

Because they had to leave in haste many of them were ill prepared for such a journey. The

first night that the company camped on Sugar Creek, within ten miles of their comfortable homes, nine babies were born in wagons, or in crude shelters which had been thrown up to give some protection from the cold and the storm.

But the camp was soon organized; faces were

turned to the west; and each day some progress

was made through the deep snows of winter and the Spring finally came, and the "camps of Israel"rains and mud of spring. The frozen ears, the again headed west, with an advance company led

frostbitten feet, and the untold trials of the journey by Brigham Young and the Twelve Apostles blazwere trivial compared to the persecution left behind. ing the way.

At night, after a toilsome day, the Saints would It was late July when these pioneers made their scrape back the snow and square dance until the way into the Valley of the Great Salt Lake, which unfriendly prairie reverberated with the sounds of Brigham Young declared to be the chosen place for their brass band, clapping hands, and stomping feet. them to settle. Jim Bridger's doubts that corn could

"Plant that others may harvest!"became the be raised in the Great Basin did not daunt this

watchword. As spring turned into summer hunfearless leader. Pleas of some of the people to go on

dreds of acres of land along the trail were plowed to California had no effect.,

and planted by the advance companies of the neverOn Ensign Peak, from which a small group of ending column of exiles. Subsequent companies men overlooked the valley on July 26, Brigham

would cultivate, and when the crops were ripe, still Young declared:

others would reap. "Now, brethren, organize your exploring parties

Meanwhile the United States had become enso as to be safe from the Indians; go and explore

tangled in a war with Mexico, On June 26th there where you will, and you will come back here every rode into the Mt. Pisgah camp three dragoons of time and say this is the right place."

soldiers bearing "A Circular to the Mormons,"inHe later said that he "knew in the temple of viting them to furnish five hundred volunteers to Nauvoo that we could raise grain here,"that he saw join the army and march to California. the valley in vision a year or more before he entered

Leaders of the Church had been seeking aid it.

from the government, and while this was far from "In the days of Joseph,"he wrote, "we have sat being the kind of help they would have chosen, many hours at a time conversing about this very yet in it Brigham Young saw an overture for peace country.... I do not wish men to understand that

and a chance to demonstrate to the people of the I had anything to do with our being moved here;

United States that the Mormons were loyal to that was the providence of the Almighty, it was the

America. So, even though he knew filling the quota power of God... I never could have devised such

would throw added burdens upon an already sadly a plan."

oppressed people, leaving many families to brave Within hours after the vanguard of the party the plains without the help of fathers or grown boys, reached the valley they had selected a plot of land

Brigham Young encouraged the men to enlist, and and had begun preparing it for crops. When the

the company of five hundred was raised. ground proved to be so dry and hard as to be unThe story of the march of the Mormon Battalion workable, they dammed one of the streams flowing

through Kansas and the allbut-unexplored regions from the mountains and flooded the parched earth of what is now New Mexico, Arizona, and California, the beginning of modern irrigation in North America.

a trek reported to be the longest infantry march in Indeed, they had no time to lose. The season

history, is a thrilling account. The men eventually was already dangerously late and Jim Bridger had

rejoined their families in the valleys of the mounwarned of early frosts in the mountains. The planttains. ing -was rushed, and within a few days a number

By the fall of 1846 about 15,000 people with of acres of crops were in.

3,000 wagons, 30,000 head of cattle, great flocks of By winter immigrants had pushed the population sheep, and many horses and oxen had been moved of the valley to some 2,100 souls. In the meantime

to the Missouri River. Here, they decided, they schools had been established, the city had been

would spend the cold months, and they went to laid out, fields and gardens had been fenced with work to make their Winter Quarters as comfortable poles from the mountains, a site for a temple had as possible. By early January about a thousand been selected, a tenacre fort of heavy poles and

houses, many of them little more than dugouts, sundried adobe had been constructed, and many had been constructed. log and adobe houses had been built. Brigham

It was a hard winter. Malnutrition, inadequate Young and two companies of men had headed

clothing and shelter, and an outbreak of "black back over the trail to Winter Quarters to guide canker"combined to take their toll. Testifying of more people to the valley the following year. There

this is a wellkept graveyard on the hills above was no place for the idler among the Mormons.

Florence, Nebraska, where six hundred of their Roots of the sego lily, which has become the number were laid to rest. Utah state flower, along with thistles and pigweeds,

NOVEMBER 1957 835 helped make up the scanty diet. Wheat, corn, and

potatoes had to be saved for seed.

In the spring some five or six thousand acres of ground were prepared and seeded. June gave promise of a good crop, but as the grain was starting to

turn, hordes of devastating crickets, halfcrawling, halfhopping demons of destruction, invaded the lush fields. Frantically the new settlers, whose very

existence depended on these few acres of crops, fought them off with every means they could devise—with sticks, shovels, and brooms, with

trenches, with fire, with water. Still they kept

coming, "flowing down like a flood of filthy water from the mountainside."The pioneers were helpless to stop them.

But these faithful people, who had traversed a continent to find religious freedom, were not forsaken in their time of need. To the rescue came

great flocks of circling, screeching sea gulls which attacked the hordes of black death with ravenous appetites. This continued day after day until there

was scarcely a cricket to be found in the valley.

Today the sea gull is the Utah state bird. On

Temple Square in Salt Lake City is a stately monument topped by the likeness of two gulls, erected in honor "of the mercy of God to the Mormon pioneers."b"M

Brigham Young led 2,500 more people into the valley that fall, and the work of colonization went on. By 1850 the estimated population of the territory was 15,000, by 1856, over 76,000. Some 85,000

immigrants made the trek between 1847 and the coming of the railroad in 1869. Many of these

walked the entire distance, pulling or pushing handcarts. Many left children, wives, or husbands in

shallow graves along the trail. Two handcart companies alone, leaving late in the season and being

overtaken by early snows and freezing weather, lost 222 of their number, more than one out of every five, to the ravages of the elements.

From the first settlement by the salt sea the colonizers spread out in all directions like the spokes of a wheel, under the inspired leadership of Brigham

Young, considered by many to be one of the greatest colonizers in the history of America. These

settlers contributed greatly to the establishment and growth not only of Utah, but also of Arizona,

Nevada, California, Idaho, Wyoming, Montana, and

Colorado. Even Mexico and Canada, where colonies

were established, have been touched by the Mormon influence.

Building the West wasn't easy. There were Indians to feed or fight, deserts to tame, rivers to

harness, and irrigation and dry farming to develop;

there were homes, schools, churches, temples, roads,

836 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA bridges, and mills to build; there were converts to President David O. McKay, ninth President of

make and still much prejudice to overcome. the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

But hardships make men strong, and true to the prediction of Governor Drew, in the West the

Latterday Saints have had "time and opportunity to test the practicability"of their religion.

Church membership now stands at over 1,400,000, concentrated most heavily in the western states, but with a substantial representation in every state in the Union and in Canada, Mexico, Central and

South America, Europe, Japan, Australia, New

Zealand, the islands of the Pacific, South Africa, and the Near East.

From the early days when schools were held in covered wagons the Latterday Saints, believing that the "Glory of God is Intelligence"and "A man can be saved no faster than he gains knowledge"have placed a premium on education.

A survey by Edward L. Thorndike of Columbia

University based on Who's Who in America, Leaders in Education, and American Men of Science, showed 195657, eleven hundred senior teams and fourteen that Utah led all states both in number of men of hundred junior teams participated.

achievement and men of science on a percentage Back of the Church welfare program is the basis. Another survey lists Utah in first place in philosophy that every person should take care of his

educational accomplishment in America, even own needs through industry and thrift. When this is

though she was rated in 32nd place in ability to not possible because of sickness, injury, fire, or flood, support education. the Church assumes the responsibility, thereby

Other reports show that about sixty Mormons keeping its members from becoming public charges.

recentlyin every thousand attend high school—more than On the national scene the Mormons have

three times the average for the United States; about contributed such distinguished personalities as the

nine in a thousand attend colleges and universities—Secretary of Agriculture in President Eisenhower's

nearly twice the average for the United States. cabinet, the Treasurer of the United States, Miss

There is also among this people a large preponderAmerica of 1952, American Mother of 1955, Queen ance of college graduates and holders of masters'of the 1955 Pasadena Tournament of Roses, Naand doctors'degrees than among any other people tional Teenager of 1956, the president of an autoin America. mobile manufacturing company, the president of a

Mormons have made an untold contribution to major oil company, a world middleweight boxing peace and brotherhood. Preaching the gospel of champion, winner of the national DAV patriotic

freedom, of love and goodwill, donating their time essay for 1955, America's Prettiest Schoolgirl for and paying their own expenses, missionaries have 1955, American Family of the year for 1957, Miss been encircling the globe for more than a century. USA for 1957, and many others.

The Church today has some 5,000 fulltime missionLatter-day Saint chapels are filled on Sunday.

aries throughout the world. Throughout the week, work, study, and recreational

The worldfamed 375voice Tabernacle choir and facilities hum with activity—Primary for the chilorgan along with "The Spoken Word"by Richard dren, Mutual for the young folk, special activities

L. Evans have been bringing comfort and inspiration for women, for men, and for the entire family

to America each Sunday morning for twentyeight sports and athletic events, scouting, dances, dinners, years—the oldest continuously presented coastto- music, drama, and speech events.

coast sustaining radio program. In 1955 the choir In religion, in business, in science, in the arts,

made a highly successful tour of Europe, giving in education, and in public service, members of the fourteen concerts in twelve major cities. Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints have

The Church looks after the social and recreadistinguished themselves, demonstrating the words tional needs of its members. As a part of this of the Savior: "By their fruits ye shall know them."

tremendous program it conducts what is considered The light that the Prophet Joseph Smith saw to be the largest basketball league in the world. In in the west shines bright.

NOVEMBER 1957 837 Melchizedek Priesthood Wim

Priesthood Reactivation

and the Annual Confidential Visits

1. What is the Annual Confidential Visit? 6. May questionnaires be used?

Each year a special visit for a particular purpose Absolutely not. Do not pass out questionnaires. Do

should be made to every holder of the Melchizedek not take notes in the presence of the person being

Priesthood. interviewed. Do not be formal or ritualistic.

2. What is the purpose of this visit? 7. When should these interviews be made?

It is designed to give the responsible quorum officers Begin in January; end in December. Divide the

the information they need to do the work assigned number of quorum members into twelve equal groups them; that is, to lead their quorum members to eternal and interview one group each month. Do not put

life in our Father's kingdom. the interviews off to the end of the year.

3. How does it fit into the Priesthood Reactivation 8. What questions should be asked?Program?

Few occasions ever arise between quorum members Those covered on the report form. But the interview is more than a matter of collecting data; it is an

and their presiding officers during which there is occasion for teaching. Take time to discuss any matter

better opportunity to discuss the standards of personal with a quorum member that needs to be considered righteousness which are part of the gospel. This

with him. Teach him what is meant by Sabbath obinterview provides an ideal opportunity to teach a

servance, by tithepaying, or whatever may be neededpriesthood bearer his duty, to counsel him in any in his case.

appropriate way, and to encourage him to abide by is the tithing status of quorum membersthe standards of the Church. 9. How

4. Who makes the Annual Confidential Visits? determined?

Members of the quorum presidency only. This Bishops are authorized to reveal to quorum presidoes not include secretaries or group leaders unless dents whether their members are full, part, or nonthose group leaders are also serving in the presidency tithepayers. Amounts are not to be disclosed.

of the quorum. Please read the instructions on pages 21 and 59 of

5. How should the interview be made? the Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook. It is wholly

One member of the quorum presidency should sit unsatisfactory for a bishop to give tithing data in the down with one quorum member at a time, alone, in form of statistics; it must be by name; otherwise quothe absence of his family, and have a frank discusrum presidents cannot be nearly as effective in leadsion on the assigned items. The interview is a mising their quorum members along the paths of rightsionary visit—not an inquisition. It should be made eousness.

on a friendly basis, with a view to convert a quorum 10. What is the Annual Confidential Report?

member to keep any standard which he has not fully It is a statistical compilation growing out of the kepi in the past. Salesmanship is involved. The Annual Confidential Visits. But the important thing

Spirit of the Lord must guide. The purpose is to draw about the data collected is its use by the quorum presibrethren more completely into the programs of the dency and not its tabulation in report form.

Church, not to drive them away or raise a barrier Read the instructions on pages 58 and 59 of the between them and their priesthood officers. Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook.

838 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. CONFIDENTIAL ANNUAL REPORT LET'S DO IT RIGHT, BRETHRENOF ALL

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS

DECEM3ER FOR YEAR ENDING 31, I9 5i This is Part I of an Annual Confidential Report.

I Port stake. the form Officers'figures Report by were put on the Quorum typed The

,1, -.,...<,,'. K,. lloTOrraristrWiSe.. corrections the take oi notations show pencil edited;EL! The.Or'."-ERSby, SEVENTIES

CWui-, V '.">

II 3 782491 1 2 4 5 6 7 because Committee, Priesthood General by the made 3rd and Note: stake. the The errors of by u made of Officers 1 No. 1 T 8 16 28 8.4 4 4 4 4 4—

fill financial in the not elders did of 5th quorums '// Are E.ompi TitKing A 2 No. Pny 33 6 Who 14 3 3 3 4 4 4 4 V

Wf, Tithing Not No. Do incomplete. are totals The stake the data. Hence, andContributionsAre Hale But Not PavWho A Do.. 2 2 1 1 2 1 5 V, Tithing Accounl To TheEeiipi 7 Totals"were or Mission "Stake totals in column the

Including Holy, Th* Who Kefif No.

'",,, Sabbith..,. Ai 6 7 2 2 Attendance DdMeeting* 1 20 13 4 4 3 the totaling in y] error 2 3 made was up. An not added 4———

jT Ntj. Who Wave Family Prayor In Theip 1-fomes y>t- 3 16 17 1 3 3 3 3 2 2 2 3 funds of elders quorums; hence, the stake totals were

Statement of Oorum Finarices of elders deficit 4th quorum the of inaccurate. The

V on asset. In reporting as an shown was erroneously 8 Q 1?o O O *0bo 8 1201.00. (.aVifin Hood JortuO 1 114.75

on listed as "Balance the amounts finances C*M quorum

1 -, 5ir.ce Receipt! Janua-y 3O O o -Jbo 1432.20 1060.00 56.50 365.70 8 3 O n. 31"be. the same year must of one December Hand

t-* aaro -J 1"year. This 1 next the Jonuory Srnce Disburiemenls of January 2081.56 209. V 492.- 1330,00 L4 as "Cash on Hand o o O 3 3

is one of the most common errors.; 0

b CO Balance on H nd Deenmbei 31 r>L1317.S frv l.37.39 381.00 bo 3 b f

MAKING AN ACCURATE AND PROPER RE-..CONFIDENTIAL ANNUAL REPORT PORT IS EASYALL OF

Report. Confidential II of an Annual is Part MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD This QUORUMS

FOR DECEMBER YEAR ENDING the form figures by the put on were typed II 31, 19..':?,.. The Port

Quorum Merribers'Report stake. The edited pencil notations show the corrections made by the General Priesthood Committee,

because of errors made by the stake. Note: The 3rd

and 5th quorums of elders failed to report. Hence,

the Stake Melchizedek Priesthood Committee secretary did not even include the total memberships for those quorums. It is necessary for the General

enroltotal insert to quorum Committee Priesthood so the resultant that report incomplete ments on an NoTithingMokeQuorumContributionsandMembersAre Nol ExemptToWhoTheDoTithingButNolWhoPayAcerDoA S

NobathAtQuorumSacramenlDay Holy,.''ember;'MeetingsIncludingWho i\ecpTheAttendanceSabstake percentages will be more accurate. Note that (.

to interview 87 elders of managed 4th quorum the j NoPrayerQuorumIn TheirMembersHoi Who Have Family attention at living More home. brethren of the 71

Signed i -'-*irv><. MJJuJLlaCommittee Secretary 1ol6-*< shouldOn this bereportgiventheto stakethe makingtotals hadof theseto be interviews.calculated

'- i "! in I hi RspQii Cellareda Pnnthasd C by the General Priesthood Committee. Effective

stake leaders require accurate reports.

NOVEMBER 1957 839 The Presiding

-vttvKrawm::

Bishopric s

:::-.:-:--;.-::-.::-.;:::

Page

MEMBERSHIP OF STAKE COMMITTEE The last evening of Jesus'ministry was spent in the

MAY BE INCREASED upper chamber with the Twelve. With saddened

emotion, Jesus repeated that his hour was near and

The suggested organization of the stake committee that he would not eat with them again until he had for Aaronic Priesthood under 21 is charted on page suffered. As they partook of food prepared for them,

four in the handbook. We emphasize that the chart Jesus took bread, broke it, and blessed it, explaining

suggests only the "minimum organization."his purpose. Following this, he blessed wine and

Stakes feeling the need for larger committees gave it to his disciples, commanding them to drink should not hesitate to make additional appointments. of it. From this simple ceremony originated the

In many stakes, for instance, there are two each of divergent versions of the Sacrament as observed by the advisers to leaders of deacons, teachers, and Christian churches today.

priests. This brings the committee membership to After Christ's resurrection, and following his asceneight instead of five. sion into heaven, he appeared to the Nephites on this

In a few widely scattered stakes, two stake comcontinent. He came to them at a time when their

mittees have been appointed to handle the increased hearts were filled with fear and anxiety, but he gave amount of work incident to great distances and other them comforting reassurance. After making known

factors out of the ordinary. unto them his identity, he preached the gospel in its

In still other stakes, additional advisers to leaders simplicity and chose his disciples. As he was about

of deacons have been appointed because of the large to conclude his first visit to them, he saw how deeply number of deacons quorums within the stake. they were moved, and having compassion upon them

Also, some stakes have found that an assistant he lingered, blessing their sick and their little children.

secretary is helpful and makes possible the furnishing Then he sent his disciples for food, and when it was of special charts and other media in the more advanced brought he blessed bread and wine as he had done and effective promotion of the program. at Jerusalem and established the Sacrament among

The stake committee should be adequate and the the Nephites.

stake enjoy full liberty in appointing personnel acJust a day or two before the organization of the cording to the work at hand. Church in this dispensation, the revelation on Church

government was given to Joseph Smith. In this

THE SAVIOR INSTITUTED THE revelation the Lord commanded Church members to

SACRAMENT ON THREE OCCASIONS meet together often for the purpose of partaking of the Sacrament. On April 6, 1830, at the meeting

The institution of the Sacrament of the Lord's supwhere the Church was organized, the Sacrament was per by the Master on the occasion of his last meeting administered for the first time in this dispensation.

with the Twelve before his crucifixion; the introducIt is the desire of the Lord that members of his

tion of this same ceremony when he visited the Church partake of the emblems of his body as repreNephites; and the establishment of this ordinance by sented in the Sacrament each Sabbath day. He has

revelation in this dispensation, mark three of the commanded us to attend Sacrament meeting each most important events in Christian history. Sunday for this purpose.

840 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GROUP ADVISERS ARE THEIR STUDY GUIDE FOR WARD TEACHERS

BROTHERS'KEEPERS NOVEMBER 1957

The program for senior members of the Aaronic INVENTORY TIME

Priesthood is a wonderful opportunity for service. To As the year nears its close it is customary for modern

those who are called to work in it, it is more than business institutions to take inventory—to make an

an opportunity; it is an obligation to reach out and accounting—to review the progress or failures of the

help senior members become active in the Church year. The end of each year should also be inventory

and live the gospel of Jesus Christ. time for every individual, especially for Latterday

"Am I my brother's keeper?"This question from Saints.

the lips of Cain was an unsuccessful attempt to hide Here are some items suggested for consideration in from the Lord his grievous sin—the murder of his Latterday Saint families at the close of 1957:

brother Abel. In the matter of loyalty to the Church and its leaders

There are those today who use the same insidious where have I stood this year?

question in vain attempts to circumvent the responsiIn the payment of tithes and offerings what is my bility man has for the welfare of his fellow men. record for the year?

Is each man an island in himself? Is his sole reIn observance of the Word of Wisdom what have

sponsibility in life to serve and satisfy his own wants my actions been this year?

and needs? Will his exercise of free agency release In attendance at Sacrament meeting have I made a

him from the moral obligation to seek for opportunirecord to be proud of?

ties to serve others? Is he or is he not his brother's In observance of the Sabbath day have I followed

keeper? the word of the Lord and the counsel of Church

To love one's neighbor and to unobtrusively serve leaders?

and help those in need are virtues that the Savior In helping the poor and needy, in extending the expounded by precept and example throughout his hand of fellowship have I exhibited the true spirit of ministry. Such service, he taught, was not only the brotherhood?

key to happiness but also the moral obligation and In these and other things that are important in the

Christian duty of all who have taken upon themlives of true Latterday Saints have I lived and acted selves his name. as a Latterday Saint?

Those who work with senior members have a wonIf I have failed in any of these respects in 1957, how derful chance to serve where their service is truly can I improve my record in 1958?

needed. Only through their efforts will the spiritual Note to ward teachers:

needs of these men and their families be satisfied. It is suggested that in the presentation of this subThey are their brothers'keepers. ject—Inventory Time—there should be no attempt to

question those who are being visited. The purpose

of this discussion should be to direct the attention of the Saints to the desirability of "checking up"on themselves, using the items listed herewith as subjects for special consideration by each individual or each family. Naturally it is to be hoped that the result

of the "inventory"will be a resolve definitely to improve the record next year in each item where the record for 1957 is not entirely satisfactory.

INTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE FOR DECEMBER 1957 "AS WE FORGIVE"Jesus taught us to ask our Father in heaven to forgive us as we forgive others. This teaches us that the

unforgiving are unworthy of forgiveness. What chance

Gene Fullmer, former middleweight boxing champion of the of exaltation does any of us have without being forworld, tells Aaronic Priesthood bearers and girls of correspondgiven? The unforgiving heart is cruel. If this were

is living Church as taught clean that by the ing ages the best judgment day, how many of us could say, "Father, his admiring greeting sport. for is shown training Gene any

young friends following his address to them in the Sun Valley I ask nothing more than to be treated as 1 liave

Branch chapel, Blaine (Idaho) Stake. treated my fellow men."

NOVEMBER 1957 841 Our combat crew had been stationed at a B-17 "Flying Fortress"bomber base near the Adriatic coast. We had been flying combat missions steadily

right up until "VE"day and were quite unprepared for the swift reconversion that followed that auspicious occasion. Almost immediately after peace was declared, our squadron was reassigned and our crew

disbanded. Four of our ten men accompanied the

outfit to a new air base near Naples, and the remaining six were sent home. I was included in the four.

Our peacetime duties involved evacuating infantryCaprian men from Naples to Casablanca, North Africa, flying twenty men at a time in converted B-17 "War

Wearies"to the Moroccan capital where waiting cargo planes would pick them up and continue the relay to the United States.Adventure

Once a week we were allowed a twelvehour pass by John M. Goddard to relax and enjoy ourselves. Our air base was located just seven miles from Naples, so we usually

spent our time there, visiting the points of interest in and around the crowded metropolis.

On one of these leaves, I visited a picturesque little bookshop in the business district. I had discovered

it previously while rambling around the port city and had made friends with the dealer, Bemiamino

Penna, a small, bearded gentleman of about fifty years. He proved to be quite an intellectual and a

linguist, speaking four languages besides his native was from him that I learned the complete, thrilling

Italian. His English was eloquent, and I enjoyed story.

conversing with him about the diverse scenic attracIt seems that Tiberius, the early Boman emperor, tions sprinkled around the bay of Naples. "Benny"had spent the last few years of his reign on the Isle

gave me fascinating and valuable information on of Capri, living in debauchery and cruelty, in a magplaces which I planned to visit and assisted me in nificent palace at the eastern end of the island. As

devising a thorough itinerary. insurance against being trapped by an invading enemy,

On this particular call I proposed to find out the he had forced slaves to excavate a fantastic escape historical background of the ancient city of Pompeii, tunnel, leading from his personal bedroom in the prior to making an excursion there. Benny gave me mansion to the Blue Grotto, a sea cave at the western

a brief historic sketch of the buried city, reading end of the island, almost four miles distant. In an

pertinent bits of information to me from the yellowemergency, he had access to the sea through this ing pages of a voluminous book. When he had passageway and could slip away from any interlopers

finished, I leafed through the book observing its who attempted to attack him.

many paintings and etchings—reproductions of famous During the intervening centuries since Tiberius'

Italian landscapes. Midway through that moldy old time, ghostly legends have sprung up, surrounding

tome, I chanced on a bulky piece of tissue paper the grotto and the tunnel with an aura of mystery. It

folded between the pages. My curiosity aroused, I wasn't until 1826 that Italians would venture near

unraveled the wrinkled leaf and was surprised to the subterranean caverns, much less enter them. In

find a detailed map of the Isle of Capri, drawn in that year an Englishman, swimming by the entrance water color. But what really intrigued me was a of the grotto, ventured in, unmindful of the supposed

small sketch at one corner of the map depicting a danger involved.

long, winding tunnel, traversing the entire length of When he emerged unharmed with glowing descripthe rocky island. tions of the splendor within, a few intrepid Italians

In all of my studies of Capri I had never come decided to capitalize on the rediscovery of the grotto across any information concerning a cave such as by escorting tourists inside for a fee. Since that

this, and I anxiously questioned Benny about it. It time, and to this day, the bolder and more enterprising

Four young Italians had entered the mystery shrouded grotto, carrying pine torches.

They were never heard of again.

Caprians have made a comfortable living by conveying alive, young, and able to enjoy the beauties of the curious sightseers into the shimmering caverns; enworld. Glancing at our surroundings, I suddenly was

tering the three foot opening in small skiffs. smitten with the magnificent grandeur of our environThe tunnel itself is still considered a supernatural ment. Translucency and purity were epitomized in

haunt of evil spirits and scrupulously shunned. Benny the sky, the sea, and the land. From 10,000 feet up,

related an incident that occurred over a quarter of a the Bay of Naples is an impressive sight, but viewed century ago which has added fuel to the ghost stories from a colorful sailboat in the middle of the azure bay, told about the tunnel. This tale was imparted to me it is overwhelmingly beautiful.

again on Capri by a fisherman, and their versions were The fuming volcano, Vesuvius, dominated the exidentical. In 1924 an adventurous party of four young panse of curving shore line. Once my thoughts turned

Italians attempted to explode the superstitious myths to the experience I had had the week before, when surrounding the underground corridor by exploring it I ascended its ashy slopes, and I felt a sense of pride from one end to the other. Ignoring the warnings and at having fulfilled one of my lifelong ambitions.

pleadings of their friends, they entered the tunnel From a distance Capri had appeared a drowsing from the grotto carrying pine torches. Several of their alligator, but gradually it materialized into a series

friends stationed themselves at both openings to await of high limestone cliffs, spotted with lush, terraced the outcome of the venture. Though they waited pavineyards, pink pastel villas, and ancient ruins.

tiently all that day and far into the night, their loyal Our little vessel was transporting water and food vigil was unrewarded; the youths were never heard commodities over to the island and had taken us on as

from again! This mystifying catastrophe was never expassengers only after we had prevailed on the symplained, and only served to perpetuate the terrors pathies of the rather gruff skipper—a powerfully built

with which the natives regard the passageway. Sicilian. There are over eight thousand inhabitants

Upon returning to my quarters, I enthusiastically living the year round on Capri and almost everything disclosed the information I had uncovered to my roomnecessary to human existence, including water, must mates, but failed to arouse their interest, although I be transported from the mainland. The industries on

persuaded them to accompany me to the isle. As for the island center around wine, fish, olive oil, and

entering the cave, nothing doing"; I would have to souvenirs for tourists.

do it on my own. Just before reaching Marina Grande, the port of

On a sunny morning in June, three of us set out for Capri, we heard a shattering explosion. Whirling

Capri—a whole day of freedom and adventure before around towards the open sea, a towering column of

us. Our little schooner sliced along at a speedy ten smoke met our startled gaze. We learned later that

knots an hour, and I felt the anxiety—the surge of a mine sweeper had been cleaning out vagrant mines

emotion—scarcely able to wait until I could see the in the bay, exploding them with rifle fire. Somewhat

passageway with my own eyes. shaken, but with high spirits, we later scrambled

Admonished by my cohorts to relax and calm down, ashore and pushed our way through the throng of

I lay down on the forward deck beside them and beggars, guides, vendors, and fishermen that crowded basked in the sun's warmth. It was glorious to be the stone quay. We (Continued on page 850)

At only 33, John Melvin Goddard ranks as one of America's foremost explorers, having journeyed in 55 countries, covering over 350,000 miles. Some of his most

exciting adventures have included exploring and photographing three of the world's mightiest rivers—the Nile, the Colorado, and the Congo.

A former LDS missionary, and member of the Army Air Force during World

War II, the intrepid explorer has climbed the Matterhorn, Vesuvius, Popocatepetl, and the Grand Tetons. At sixteen, he began plumbing the dense jungles of South

America with his father. At one time the two of them discovered an ancient Mayan

temple.

The Salt Lake Cityborn adventurer, with headquarters in Glendale, California, belongs to explorer clubs in the United States, England, France, and Egypt. As a

writer, photographer, and lecturer, Elder Goddard makes frequent tours throughout the United States. His stories have appeared in a number of national magazines.

In 1955, he was selected by the US Junior Chamber of Commerce as one of California's five outstanding young men.

He recently completed a summer making documentary films with Strategic

Air Command and is now contemplating expeditions to the Far East and South

Pacific.

844 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HAPpIN

I.

PATHWAYS 2. to HAPPINESS wt From the Addresses of Stephen L Richards David O. McKay

An invaluable collection of addresses and excerpts Compiled by Llewelyn R. McKay

from speeches given by President Richards on the its purpose and meaning behind the LDS Church, In this vital volume a series of valuits doctrines. leaders, and able guideposts point the way to

lasting happiness and a full rich life.

President McKay offers keen insight into such subjects as education, Why The

King James Version courtshipdeath, laborandunions,marriage,heredity,free agency,home

J. Reuben Clark, Jr. life and personal aspirations.

President Clark gives the views of the best scholars and authorities on the King James Version of the $3.95

Bible and tells why the Church accepts this translation. $4.75

ORDER

JUr JL X JLjCjLJL JLy toANSWERS fiiKpel i WITH

Gospel Questions HANDY COUPON Joseph Fielding Smith ON A host of perplexing questions on the Restored PAGE 848

Gospel, asked by LDS Church members, are answered authoritatively by the Church's leading scriptorian. $2.50

NOVEMBER 1957 845 Do your Christmas shopping by mail and The Book of Mormon from

Milton R. Hunter k

beautifully illusDeseret Book trated book on

President Hunter's tour of Mexico Use the handy coupon on page 848 and Central

America and the relics he saw that parallel LDS scriptures.

$450 i }{ I fi i k Li) ii \ 6. Cherished

Experiences

8. OUR LORD OF

THE GOSPELS J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

This comparative study of the Four Gospels of the King James Version and Third Nephi in the Book of Mormon brings all the teachings and experiences of Jesus into one complete harmony. $5.00

9. MAN, HIS ORIGIN

AND DESTINY Joseph Fielding Smith Findings of modern - day science issues prominent and Selected of Addresses in speculative are philosophy the Authorities General scriptures compared with the the of of Jesus Church to is there dispute show no

Christ of Latterday scientific relibetween and

Saints truth. gious

::::.; anusual collection o $4.00

33 addresses, selected by the General Authorities themselves, that considers a wide range atu* 10. THE LIFE OF of religious subjects.

LORENZO SNOW Thomas C. Romney

A beautifully written book about the fifth president of the LDS Church, from early childhood to his last years.

$4.00

846 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The I Everlasting Things

Richard L. Evans

The seventh and latest ISRAEL!

volume of distinguished "sermonettes"from the mcAnfL***. worldfamous "Spoken Word"DOYOD

broadcasts on CBS that consider many timely and provocative subjects. KNOW?

$3.00 LeGrand Richards

The promises made to the House of

Judah by the Lord are related with deep insight and compared with timely happenings in the world today to show actual fulfilment of ancient prophecies.

$2.00

13. THE PRESIDENTS

OF THE CHURCH Preston Nibley feoff 16. HANDY SCRIPTURE

GUIDE Biographies of all nine LDS Presidents (18301956). Newly Benjamin Alward

revised. Illustrated. Direct quotes

from the leaders themselves are All missionaries who use the standard given. $4.00 teaching plan will welcome this handy

pocketsize guide that contains scriptures supporting main features in the restoration of the gospel. $1.75

faniv 14. FAMILY 17. A LOOK AT Giyracjeous COURAGEOUS MORMONISM

Louise Larsen Fisher Benjamin Alward Appealing homespun story of a large LDS family who struggle Achievements of the LDS Church and and triumph over adversities in its people are told through 385 pictureastern Utah's Uintah Basin esque blackand-white photographs and area. $2.00 interesting captions. $4.00

15. JOSEPH SMITH, 18. MATTHEW COWLEY

SEEKER AFTER SPEAKS TRUTH, PROPHET OF GOD Aandcompilationsermons ofof thethe favoritebeloved addressesApostle, this in B. Included Cowley. Matthew

are John A. Widtsoe final tribute his most famous two of

and "The Eternal the sermons—"Miracles"consideration on A brilliant

$4.00 Triangle."life Smith of the Prophet Joseph

by one of the greatest LDS writers. $3.75

:vAv:-Xy:vJ:::-;>:;::;:o;.;.::v;v>:-:':-..::.....,:::::::;::;,:,:::::

NOVEMBER 1957 847 Children's Books

19. A HISTORY OF THE i-i-W-*** 25. CHILD'S STORY OF THE NEW

PROPHET JOSEPH TESTAMENTVOLUME II

SMITH FOR YOUNG PEOPLE PAUL OF TARSUS Detci Petersen and Nathan Glen Neeley

Q. George Cannon mi tie m

I to book Volume companion A President realizing the Cannon, this second of Nazareth), (Jesus active of vigor youth, approaches acgives easyto-read an volume the of the biography Prophet Jo- I life of of his the Paul count and results of seph the through Smith All exquisite earth. the mission on IfStiS life the Prophet's in works and is retelling ausurrounded by

field. in action the missionary historical thentic background.

early President Cannon, conan $2.00

vert Liverpool, from England, served as a missionary to Hawaii, as European mission president, 26. THE TRUE BOOK OF

and as a member of the First @mm$ PIONEERS

Presidency. $1.75 Mabel Harmer

Vivid portrayals of the earliest 20. BRIGHAM YOUNG frontiersmen and settlers of

Olive Burt America, starting with Daniel

Colorful, adventurous account Boone. Ages 6 to 9. A Junior

on the early boyhood days Literary Guild Selection. $2.00

and later mature life of BrigAmerica's one of Young, ham religious 27. LANDS OF THE BIBLE colonizers greatest and

leaders. $2.95 24. TheA Goldenfully illustratedHistorical storyAtlas of

21. WHEN GRANDFATHER Palestine, Egypt and the Middle

WAS A BOY East from Old and New Testa-

R. Driggs to the present. Times More ment Howard

illus100 stories photographs a master The life than and by Exciting trations in advenwith relief maps storyteller on boyhood the—BM color. place across $3.95 tures that took

entire American continent. Special emphasis Western Frontieris placedDays.on 28. WALT DISNEY'S early

TREASURY $1.75 NEPHI

Stories BestLoved TwentyOne COWKID 22. WESTERN A WKm||||llllp George beautifullyillustrated Q. This Walt R. Driggs Howard

collection contains Disney of a young story Snow suspenseful Cannon A cattle Little Pigs, White, Three a Lady adventures on boy's the CinderBambi, and Tramp, life of when story the the days inspiring in ranch on the An ella, Pan, Peter Ugly Duckling, and rugged. wild West was enthusiasbring that will Nephi

others. $2.00 $2.95 and many

It tic youth. response from

STEPPINGLITTLE 23. leaddescribes Nephi's dynamic 29. THE GOLDEN OF BOOK STONES stature prophetic his ership and TALES CHRISTMAS Thomson G. Lucy great relates, beauty, with and stories characterbuilding Ten Legends From Lands by Many

in wise contained teachings his are and children many for Lillian Lewicki James and beautifully book, colorful this counselings. $1.25 legends Christmas from many Ideal Young. Erla illustrated by Beautiful paintfaraway entertaining and teaching for full ings, of page, them manylands. $2.00 reading.

this colin included handsome JpWtt lection. $1.50

DeserGtlllBooh Co.

.... 44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City, Utah.

""WW

Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order. ( ) 1 have an account. Please charge

it ( ) the following amount $.. for the encircled (numbered) books.

1 2 3 4 5 6 Name 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Address 19 20 21 22 23 24 City....... Zone State...

25 26 27 28 29 Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

848 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in Hon SALT LAKE CITY gasoline the famous Go Farther

\, f Our Highest Octane Yet.1

ETHYL with new SIGNAL provides SuperOctane Signal, in introducing its products and services to motorists jetan like action from packed powerimproved in Salt Lake City, wishes to call attention to its twentyfive year formula for smoother knockfree driving with record of successful growth in the West.

high compression engines.

increased octane SIGNAL—highestREGULARyet also has From a small beginning, Signal has developed an efficient

marketing organization extending from Canada to Mexico. A great

No Guess Work part of Signal's popularity is due to Signal dealers—each ofwhom

DoubleCheck We Every LUBE JOB is in business for himself. His success depends upon you, so natuFactory-Recommended Lube rally he takes a personal interest in you and your car. He offers you

Charts "Knowhow"plus ourandspecializedSignal's the complete line of Signal quality products—featuring Signal's

System DoubleCheck of complete getting your car sures asfamous "Go Farther"gasoline and Signal's new "SuperOctane"all parts. to lubrication moving

Ethyl. And he is noted for providing many helpful services.

SIGNAL Get vp to 40 EXTRA MILES Signal is proud to serve the Salt Lake City Area and welcomes 1030 per Tankful of Gas the chance to prove what independent research shows: "Those

1030 Signal HD Motor friction so who know Signal best, patronize Signal most."Oil reduces

effectively, it helps cars faster, increases start all around Signal Oil Company National Credit Cards, available for your best Proved power, cuts costs.

RecordsPerformance protection by Actual or city convenience, are good anywhere in the United States or Canada. in highway in weather—hot or cold

traffic—in old or new engines.

May we serve you today?

TOP QUALITY ACCESSORIES Signal Dealers feature Lee Tires, Signal Extra -Power Batteries, Oil Filters, Spark Plugs, Fan Belts, Windshield Wiper Blades and many more quality car needs.

Out westthis is the brand Go Farther lA/fY/i

NOVEMBER 1957 849 Caprian Adventure

(Continued) walked to the end of the jutting wharf and held a brief conference, finally deciding to meet again in the same place three hours later in the day.

We separated and went our different ways, my buddies heading for the "Funiculare"( a creaky cable car something like "Angels Flight"in

Los Angeles) to be transported up a steep hill to the charming little village of Capri.

Having no idea how to reach the grotto, I inquired directions from a saltylooking character, who was busily mending nets in a nearby skiff.

Happy to assist, he launched into a lengthy discourse, apparently giving the minutest details on its location.

About all I made of this oration, however, was that the grotto was "thatta way,"or in a westerly direction.

Looking at the towering sea cliffs,

I concluded that it would be impossible for me to go overland, and I decided to swim the distance between the port and the grotto, unaware that it was over a mile to the entrance.

Walking along the rocky beach to a sheltered spot, I donned my swimming trunks and hid my uniform in a crevice. Then I tied my

waterproof "GI"flashlight to my trunks, adjusted my underwater diving mask, and plunged into the foaming surf.

The water was pleasantly warm even though it was only ten o'clock in the morning, and I reveled in its freshness. I set an even, rhythmical

pace following the cliff line and passed several rowboats manned by

PostageFree Mail Service! swarthy fishermen who greeted me

sociably.

Savings In By 20th Earn From 1st Had I known the distance beforehand, I might not have attempted

Get more of what you're saving for! toignorant,swim thehowever,whole way.I dogpaddled,Blissfully

Utah Savings offers you the west's highest earning rate breaststroked, backkicked, and on savings backed by 38 years of timetested safety. Join crawled along, waving happily at the

fishermen and sun bathers I passed.

the thousands of thrifty savers across the country who put It was a long while before I rounded their money to work for greater dividends at Utah Savings. a jutting rock and spied a cleft in the

Withdrawal requests are promptly honored. sunkissed cliff wall—the entrance to

—STATE GOVERNMENT SUPERVISION—theLuckilygrotto! I had arrived ahead of

the noon boatload of tourists. The

miniature fleet of grotto skiffs were tied together, with one lone

AND LOAN ASSOCIATBO guide to watch over them, awaiting 65 NORTH UNIVERSITY AVENUE. PROVO UTAH

850 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA /famd 0W/ w/fc..

The precious bonds of friendship—when nurtured—grow

stronger with the passing years. The love of God—a testimony of the gospel—when cultivated—increases in power

and value as the days go by. These things cost the least

but give the only lasting joy to man. When built of brick

—a house of worship, a school, or a hospital is tempered

by the heat of summer and the cold of winter to stand as an everlasting monument to the architects dream and the builders skill. A home, too, when built of everlasting brick,

is a joy forever... for it costs little to maintain and has

a low original cost and it's fire safe.

When you buy or build—

insist on BRICK

Manufacturers of Burned Clay Products

I TERSTATE BRICK CO.

3100 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

NOVEMBER 1957 851 How much do you the sightseers. He seemed rather

startled to see me swimming towards him but appeared to be friendly.

I clung to his boat a few minutes REMEMBER? to catch my breath and to speak to

him. Hoping he could be persuaded

of the or Relief lesson Sunday much Society School, Mutual How to accompany me on my little exto can It is expect difficult you to be remembered? a remember

lecture, but the mind remembers 79% of what it hears and sees ploring trip of the tunnel, I offered simultaneously. him a hundred lire. I was totally

To improve teaching facilities in the wards and stakes, the unprepared for his violent response.

Church is now pleased to announce that it will participate in the When I explained my plan to him as

Bell of the "Specialist"purchase and slide Howell Filmstrip and Italian, best as possible limited in my will projector. half of price the discounted The on now pay his in sockets. their eyes bulged finest in this still projector single design 500Watt Specialist—theChurch out Gasping buono, Joe,"a "No he... vertical horizontal slide filmstrip frame and double and and 2x2for

projection. The famous 750Watt "Specialist"is also available. made an impassioned plea for me to

stay away from the fateful passageway. Knowing the power of money,

I offered him more and more as an inducement to forget his superstitions and be my companion in the venture. I finally abandoned the

attempt when I reached 2,000 lire and only aroused more vigorous "No buono's."Having failed to secure his services, I pulled my diving mask over my face, sucked in a deep breath of air, and dived underwater to inspect the submerged opening of the grotto.

Through some freak chance of nature the aperture was formed, causing everything inside—rocks, water

and sand—to be tinged a smoldering

New Venturi Cooling System with Airflow case protects film or slides from heat blue. In the daytime, the sunlight

damage. the through water shines down

its rays the except 5-inch f/3.5 metal barrel lens and unique optical system increase brilliance and sharpen window, and all pictures.

Permanent operating instruction plate mounted on the side makes it ideal for church blue, the most refrangible, are

USC:.

Electric slide changer, Robomatic times, Selectron semimatic changer and projection filtered out.

lenses up to 7'/2 inches are also available. As a gentle swell swept me closer

to the opening, I could gaze into the interior. I allowed the swell to carry

exchannel, into the limestone me AUDIOVISUAL AIDS DEPARTMENT pediting vigorous with my progress strokes and kicks. The sides of the

...., entrance were encrusted with nuMl 11111111 merous forms of crustacean sea life,

as school deeper, and I penetrated a Co. DeseretSsBooh silvery of fish darted by. Experienc-

., - J 44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City, Utah I ing of elation, a feeling passed

through the submerged opening, and was surprised to discover that the entrance was at least thirty feet from

PROVIDES PEACE OF MIND end to end. I became aware of an

increasing bluish milky haze as I

EVEN FOROLDER FOLKS completed the short swim. SurfacIkSeitfufitPh* 23,000 Utahns now invest a few cents ing within the cavern, I was smitten

a day to insure protection against with the beauty before me. I was

funeral expenses. The Sentinel Plan afloat in a gigantic sapphirine caulbills regardless or where of pays when

is to dron, my body in phosphorescent available arises need the and

V:l >:. anyone up to 80 years of age. Write light. Bubbles boiling in my wake,

today for complete details. I felt like King Neptune in an enchanted fairy cave.

In a daze, I stroked slowly to a ledge and surveyed my surroundings. I estimated the grotto to be

at least 1200 feet in circumference

Underwritten by Sentinel Security Life his. Co.

852 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA New and better teaching tool from Bell & Howell

Famous "Specialist"multipurpose projector now 750W!

Today's brighter classrooms and larger lecture halls call for equipment to match. Bell & Howell's brilliant new "750 Specialist"meets this need..

and exceeds it! Every feature is made for modern teaching.

Throws more light than any other Projects single and double frame 750watt multipurpose projector filmstrips or 2x2 slides... easily

... a full 950 lumens. converts for automatic slide proHas rugged diecast aluminum jection.

housing. Unit weighs only 9V4 Big 5"fan assures efficient, fulllbs. without case. time cooling.

Filmstrip moves on ceramic New design "smoothfocus"lens tracks... nothing touches picture gives razorsharp pictures.

area. Costs only $129.50 with "airflow"

Metal instruction plate permacase and slide changer. 500watt

nently mounted on projector is "Specialist"multipurpose proAutomatic electric slide changer also availalways handy, never gets lost. jector, $89.50. able. Permits pushbutton operation from

teacher's desk... automatically refiles

Available through Bell & Howell AudioVisual Dealers slides in correct sequence ready for next showing. Ask for a demonstration.

Free booklet! Write Bell & Howell, 7112 McCormick Rd., Chicago 45, 111.

II Howell & FINER PRODUCTS THROUGH IMAGINATION

NOVEMBER 1957 853 STACK UP TH with a ceiling of approximately forty HOTCAKES AN feet. I judged the depth of the

fifty feet. water at about r o n Caprians claim that on quiet, Po u

moonlight nights, one can hear a hypnotic singing emanating from the grotto—the "sirens"of ancient mythology. It was not difficult for me

to believe them at that moment. The

sirens were supposed lured to have P SYRU to their deaths with bewitchREAL MAPIE FIAVO sailors LUMBERJACK'S ing music. In Homer's The Odyssey,

is smooth and mellow with a the hero escaped the fate met by

Northwood's goodness, that you most mariners by stuffing the ears never forget—just right themof his lashcrewhimwithto waxthe mastand havingof his

for every steaming slack of ship.

golden hotcokes. When you pass While I was thus absorbed in my

thoughts, my timid Italian friend hotcakes... be sure to pour on had apparently decided that I had

the Lumberjack! either drowned or gained the inJT3, terior. Investigating, he had lain

down in his slender skiff and pulled himself into the cavern by means of a rusty chain strung through the opening. Irked at having my privacy

invaded, I quickly clambered up the 3 slimy side of the ledge in an effort to conceal myself. But he caught It it* NALLEY'S... sight of me as I slipped and slid over

it's Good! the rocks and rowed rapidly, shout-

'"ing warnings and rebukes.

Not knowing what lay before me,

I untied my flashlight and aimed the stabbing beam into the eerie depths of the cave. I hoped to locate the tunnel immediately and escape my wellmeaning rescuer, but

scrambling up the inclined floor, I was confronted with nothing but solid limestone.

The cavern extended far back from the limpid water and curved in a sharp horseshoe bend. I followed the back wall seeking the

entrance, to no avail. There was

no evidence of any recess along the rock surface. It occurred to me that

perhaps the escape corridor was a mythological hoax after all, existing only in the imagination of the gullible. Then I remembered the map

I had found, and the historical rechave your children seen publicityords. Bennythat thehad lostmentionedyouths hadthe

received, the widespread furor their disappearance had aroused. It had

to be there! I carefully retraced my

steps, flashing the light along the wall. the Goldfish

he's part of the fun Upon reaching my starting point, of family dinner in the thatI discoveredI had overlooked.a low cleft inCautiouslythe rock

COFFEE SHOP Iallstoopedfours. downAs it wasand onlycrawleda naturalin on

it couldn't be Hotel Utah f crevice, I knew that

Max Carpenter, Manager

854 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA atBearRanch Creek

..2293 MILES WEST OF CHICAGO

It came to him as the train glided past

Bear Ranch Creek—the answer that had eluded him so long.

Why, after weeks of worry and frustration, was this

company president able to solve his problem as he rode through

Feather River Canyon, many miles from his office?

He had slept well, he was rested and relaxed. He had enjoyed his

meals in the diner. Congenial chats with friendly people met in

the Lounge Car had been stimulating. And although he had

spent hours of pleasant relaxation in the VistaDome as the

California Zephyr unfolded its scenic wonders, he had also jfc

found time to put in a lot of work in the privacy of his compartment.

Uninterrupted by demanding telephones and petty office details,

nervous tension had vanished and he was able to think creatively and plan ahead.

Reflecting on these matters he makes another decision:

all the executives in his firm will be encouraged to

take the time to take the tminf

WESTERN PACIFIC

ROUTE OF THE VISTADOME

CITY TICKET OFFICE: 27 West South Temple Street, Salt Lake City (DAvis 2-5741)

NOVEMBER 1957 855 Save By Mail the actual tunnel. Passing through ly quiet, and I began to contemplate

/ jacentit, however,roomlikeI emergedsection ofintothe angrotto.adtheClaustrophobiaremoteness ofenvelopedmy surroundings.me, and

faster as I a sensation was beating of panic grew. My heart Soon myEarn... / flashed the extenaround mind my light picwas conjuring up weird

sive chamber. Still finding no evitures and I began to imagine strange

.. With Safety dence of what I sought, I delved noises. The unearthly feeling bedeeper into the inky cavern. Sudcame so pronounced that a wild

denly my beam fell upon a squarefeeling of terror gripped my throat.

!l;!*,.]**, |, *,(, cut opening at the far corner. There I leaped to my feet and fled backbefore me lay the fabulous escape stumbling down through the abyspassage of Tiberius! mal blackness.

Just then the Italian began to call, Groping blindly, I blundered

Earn more for your ELBERT his voice resounding spookishly along, gashing my bare feet on the money... a full R. through the gloom. Irked by his sharp rocks. The flashlight was

4% with complete CURTIS intrusion, I darted quickly into the jarred from my sweaty hand when safety at this state President bumpingopening, myhunchinghead on lowthe ceiling.to avoid toI struckthe floor,a projectionand miraculouslyin the wall,flashedfell

government superImmediately, I smelled the staleon! (Through some quirk of fate,

vised institution. ness of the air, and as I progressed the fall had accomplished what I

Open an account by ROBERT deeper, my breathing became diffihad failed to do.) Panting, I

mailing in as little V. cult. Soon the muggish atmosphere snatched it up, reveling in its light.

parched to Gradually and I began my throat, coland down now. Earnas $1 HODGEN perspire heavily. lected a my wits.I calmedIn few momentsings semicomputed Executive inclined The tunnel gradually upexcitement subsided, my and

annually. VicePres. ward as I groped along. At some turned around, determined to con-I

points I was forced to turn sideways tinue my exploration.

to pass between the humid walls. Quickly I retraced my steps and

The floor, uneven and rough, slanted plunged on into the chasm. After a

sharply—first one way and then anhalf hour of steady trudging, I came

other. upon a small chamber with a tunnel

SAVINGS ASSN. LOAN AND time to From time, the Italian's into separating fissures. three TakDRIVE SALT LAKE2186 HIGHLAND CITY, UTAH voice echoed ing to intermittently—growthe left, the branch I followed

ing fainter. it for a short way and came to a dead

NOW! You can bake eyeSomealongsmokyone letteringwall of thecaughtnarrowmy theend.otherIt wastwo divisions—nothingthe same story withbut

passageway. On inspecting it, I disblank walls stared me in the face.

the BOTTOM CRUST, tool covered it to be an Italian name There was no possible way to go etched in smoke, with a date. farther. Thus I was obstructed in

on, Farther there additional were endeavor to solve the mysterious my WITH EXCL USlVE signatures, carved in the solid some disappearance Italian of the exrock with knives, some written with plorers and was forced to turn back.

'BOTTOM BAKER'Vietrademark pat. Platepending torches.the smokeManyof ofcandlesthe datesand werepine in Itthewasdesert,like comingwhen I uponat lastan burstoasis

extremely old, as far back as the forth from the stifling void to nineteenth century. The most reglimpse the shimmering lake of the

ORDINARY cent one I could find was 1912. Degrotto. I found myself alone—nothFROZEN ciding to record my name along with ing but the dancing reflections to

PIE the others, I picked up a sharp fragkeep me company.

PLATE ment of limestone and slashed my Dirtstreaked and soaked with name and the date—June 1945. perspiration, my feet lacerated, I

From the time I left the water dived into the glittering water and and began to use my flashlight, I had swam toward the world outside. I

trouble with it. Some moisture fought my way through the underseemed to have seeped inside, causwater chasm, struggling against the

ing an imperfect connection. It strong undercurrent of a swell, and

"BOTTOM would flicker off and on from time bobbed to the surface amid the

BAKER"to time, flotilla to forced and I was of rowboats. pound

trademark it violently on to a steady make appearance seemingly My sudden

PIE beam. Suddenly the light died out from nowhere, elicited an uproarious

completely, PLATE and try as I would, I was response If I from the boatmen. pat. pending unable to revive it again. had uttered an enthusiastic at "boo"

Actual photo of pies baked at Nothing to do but sit on the damp the same time, they might have same time in same oven.. floor and rest in the dark. The jumped overboard. They must have

musty smell of that ancient tunnel thought I was one of the grotto assailed my nostrils. All was deathspooks come to haunt them. But

WITH ALL flg#'<'FROZEN FRUIT andt&MEAT PIES

856 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA COLORADO 1Y\t *o 1** <to *.* V

O

The VistaDome Royal Gorge makes a tenminute stop in America's most famous travel wonder, the Royal Gorge of the

Arkansas River, to permit passengers ample time for enjoyment and photography of this marvel of nature.

The "Scenery Unlimited"provided on Rio Grande's

VistaDome SeeWay through Utah and Colorado is not equaled anywhere in the world. Make your next trip a pleasure trip -

... travel Rio Grande, The Scenic Line of The World.

Family Fare Plan RailAuto Plan

Rail Travel Credit Plan Stopover privileges at all points

For information, contact Rio Grande's Travel Center, Ground Floor Corner, HofeJ Uiah, Salt Lake City, Utah

The VistaDome CALIFORNIA ZEPHYR Daily San FranciscoSalt

Lake CityDenver-OmahaChicago via WP-D & R G W-C B & Q (Thru San FranciscoNew York Pullman)

The PROSPECTOR * Overnight, every night Salt Lake CityDenver.

The VistaDome ROYAL GORGE * Daily Salt Lake CityGrand Birthplace of the VistaDome

SpringsDenver. SalidaPueblo-Colorado SpringsJunction-Glenwood

RAILROAD WESTERN GRANDE CityDENVER & RIO EAGLE Daily The VistaDome COLORADO

Bldg., Denver, Colo. Traffic Mgr., Rio Grande H. F. ENO, Pass. via SpringsDenver WichitaPueblo-Colorado & R G W. St.M P-DLouisKansas

NOVEMBER 1957 857 when they discovered that I was merely one of those "crazy AmeriSAVE cans,"their fright gave way to curiosity, and they began jabbering wildly. Having assured them that

with the FINEST ly,I hadI talkednot materializedone of thespontaneousguides into rowing me back to the port, promising to pay him when I retrieved my clothes. NEW ALLWEATHER So I left the enchanted Grotto

Azzurra with the agitated babble of

Motor Oil bewilderedears. I laterItalianslearnedringingthatin mymy

solicitous friend, who had tried so valiantly to save me from the "taboo disso passageway,"had become SAVE actually traught that he rowed had to the port to secure an AmeriGasoline back—up to 2 extra gallons can rescue party. Upon reaching my clothes, I

from a quickly struggled into them, paid my tankful of gasoline chauffeur, and dashed up the beach to the predetermined meeting place. SUPBR I arrived just fifteen minutes late and

SAVE was relieved to find my buddies waiting for me. We boarded our

Motor Oil little schooner late in the afternoon sun sailed back the setting under and—up to 88% more

of military routine to the and order miles per quart life.

SAVE

CUP TO OVERFLOWING Your Motor—eliminate valve by Mary Gustafson

lifter rusting He planted by the black oak tree

Grapes, for the birds he said.

Available And he scattered grain in the vacant lot in 44 States In a wide hand circling spread.

The sunflower seeds in his hands

GiVe your cor the care if deserves at Utoco dealers one day

Were dropped by the dusty lane, where you expecf more and you get it! And summer caressed the orange

flowers That grew with the springtime rain.

His wheat bins bulged within his

In choosing a Bible YOUR ERA barns, you rightly His cupboard was always full, want the best SUBSCRIPTION His cattle were sleek and his hens

In a Cambridge Bible MAY EXPIRE Whilewerehisfat sheep bore abundant the best in the world is yours wool.

To renew just mail your payBEST... in fine printing ment of $2.50 along with a copy God gave to him and he spread it

BEST...in strong, thin wide

white paper supple, BEST... in durableble M of your address label to ForWhereverhis hearthe sawwas a busyneed,beyond his leather

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA handsV CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY PRESS 50 No. Main St. And sharing his only creed.

Salt Lake City, Utah The world's oldest Bible publisher

858 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Organist wants to know How will the organ respond...

what are its musical capabilities... is it a standard instrument?

The Bishop wants to know—How

inspiring the provide atmosphere, about the business Theknow—WhatFinance Chairman wants to will the organ enhance spiritual at its music sacred stimulation of value, facts... dollarfor-dollar

maintenance costs, warranty of perbest?

formance?

Buying a new organ is an important investment

it takes

objective

thinking

Thousands of churches have chosen Baldwin

.. for the solution of their music problem

Send for this valuable book of facts... Buying a new organ is such an The Baldwin today

Electronic Organ important investment that you'll want to

Model 5A know all the facts before making your decision. Facts for the organist... facts for the

finance chairman... facts for the bishop...

all these are thoroughly covered in Baldwin's

America s first family in music new booklet—"Questions and Answers.

Before you buy an organ, mail coupon below for this helpful booklet.

Jlalfa& The Baldwin Piano Company

PIANOS ORGANS Building T-3, Cincinnati 2, Ohio

Sendbooklet—my copy"Questionsof the newand Answers"informative

about Baldwin Organs.

NOVEMBER 1957 859 You will love to read this new VISUAL AIDS BIBLE The beloved Safeguarding the King James version, unaltered unabridged, and without note or Irreplaceably Precious comment, teeming with pictures that make its Richard L. Evans

story live and glow with new meaning.

OVER 500 ILLUSTRATIONS In speaking of the factors of friendship—trust and

confidence being uppermost have among them—wethroughout this remarkable new THE that conclusion finding come to the someone whoBible text right in the are placed SPOKEN

in the exact places where they are WORD can be trusted is one of the most sincerely satisfying needed to illuminate and clarify assurances in all the relationships of life. There

the Bible buildings, are many kinds of trust—and there are many kinds of mistrust—story—places,

trees, plants, animals, everyday and many things we do, at great cost and inconvenience, to guardarticles, people, customs, clothing, maps and many other features. A against mistrust among men. We lock money in the safe. We put

most valuable teaching aid. stocks and bonds in vaults. We lock our doors and bond employees

51 Blue Buckram $3.00 and pay for police protection. Indeed, in safeguarding tangibles

52 Black Leatheroid $4.25 we often take extreme precautions. How well then should we

in. Size IVz x hVs safeguard other things that are infinitely more precious and irrefree descriptive leaflet Send now for to Dept. ie

Available through your bookstore placeable? How well, for example, should we safeguard the moral

COLLINS CLEARTYPE PRESS atmosphere and environment in which the minds and characters of 425 FOURTH AVE./ NEW YORK 16, N. Y. our children are molded? Should we, for example, entrust our

daughters to unknown or unreliable escorts? Should we leave to

chance the safety of things most irreplaceably precious? (Someone shrewdly said that some people who can trace their families

back for centuries, don't know where their children were last evening. 1 ) Sometimes young people don't seem to see why we need

to know where they are going and with whom and when they will be back. But we wouldn't let a stranger walk away with money

or securities or priceless material possessions without knowing much about him, or without some suitable safeguards. Should we safeguard with less caution or more carelessness our children, their

virtue, their happiness, their hearts? And should youth themselves

be so shortsighted as to resent our needing to know, our right and responsibility to know, something about the places they go and the people with whom they keep company? Oldfashioned, some

may say. So is happiness oldfashioned. So is safety. So are the

commandments of God oldfashioned, in the same sense. So is

heartbreak—and all its causes and consequences—and all the false

assumptions that foolishly lead to laxity in safeguarding character and conduct, and in exposing virtue to being violated. "If we are

WATER prudent then,"said Cicero, "we shall rein in our impulse to affection

HEATER as we do chariot horses. We make a preliminary trial of horses.

So we should of friendship; and should test our friends'characters

by a kind of tentative friendship"2—and safeguard virtue and the

LIVE BETTER inpreciousprotectingand irreplaceableproperty. things with no less vigilance than we use

ELECTRICALLY "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the -with FULL Columbia Broadcasting System, August 25, 1957, Copyright 1957.

See page 883 for references. HOUSEPOWER

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

860 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For your next trip up or down the Coast, plan a day of scenic adventure on one of S. P.'s famous streamliners, the Daylights. Take your camera,

or just windowgaze the sights from the relaxing, deepcushion comfort of your Chair Car seat. There are three Daylights—the Coast Daylight

(Los AngelesSan Francisco), the San Joaquin Daylight (Los AngelesSan Francisco and Sacramento via the Central Valley), and the Shasta

Daylight (San FranciscoPortland). Whichever one you go on, you'll have

a fine and dandy time and a picturepostcard day.

Southern Pacific

-fco -&cu&. -$wuJCXfcke, TRAIN ij(w.-fcak, \h &om—ojLMma Aootvu

NOVEMBER 1957 861 Todays Family, Eileen Gibbons, Editor

The Young

Oman's Journ Women of yesterday come alive in these selections from an early

Church publication

"Mrs. Vernon was thirty, married, and the mother of five

children. She was a true believer in 'Women's Rights'—and

wrongs....

"Mrs. Vernon did the sewing, cooking, washing, scrubbing,

and all the endless array of small matters that festoon like cobwebs the tender name of home.

"That particular morning when our story opens, June 10, 1887, Mrs. Vernon slipped softly out of bed that she might not

disturb her sleeping husband and baby; had swept and dusted

the small parlor, putting every tidy, rug, and chair into its proper place, gone out and milked the cow, and fed the chickens; carried

water for the washing from the mountain stream in front of the door; put up lunch for... her two oldest children to take to

school, and was just putting breakfast on to cook when her husband poked his nose into the kitchen and said:

"'Jane> I told you there was a button off my gray pants; why

didn't you sew it on?*

Thus begins a short story found in the January 1890 issue of The Young Woman's Journal, a magazine published by and for the women of the Church from October 1889 to October 1929. The freshness, wit, and insight which go to make the

above story delightful reading right to its happy ending are characteristic of the content of each of the Journal's forty volumes.

The Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association was organized in Salt Lake City by Brigham Young in 1869, recalls the Journal's editor in volume I, "having for its object the more perfect development of woman, physically, morally, intellectually, and spiritually...."Its aim was "to cultivate every gift and

grace of true womanhood...."and every effort was made to

induce "independent thought, study, individuality, and progress."

An important part of this program was The Young Woman's

Journal, which came into being twenty years after the YWMIA as a monthly publication with Susa Young Gates as editor.

Its editors wrote about everything from sego soup and the latest doings of Thomas A. Edison and Queen Victoria to deepest

A new gown heralded sn 1890 for its harmonigospel principles. Included in its pages are messages of Church

ous appearance and freedom of movement. leaders, discussions of world affairs "as seen through the eyes of

862 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HungpyAushand due in halP on hour? Serve

a woman,"fiction and fashion, homemaking helps and poetry, humor and science, physical culture and recipes,personality sketches and gardening Heman tips, fancy work patterns and medical fact, encouragement to parents and rules on how to tell when one is in love. Everything imaginable

of interest to women, flavored throughout with the spirit of the gospel and the basic values of the happy life, is found in the Journal.

The writing reflects the stature and the strength of the women who wrote for its pages.

Looking into the first few volumes one finds wonderfully reflected the

Latterday Saint woman of the 1890's—her interests, her heart, her

day. It is a rare, delightful experience.

Even though the following excerpts from the Journal were written before the turn of the century, generally they reflect ideas as basic and astIUz"Crust wtfiH0/YY\j timeless bulk, gospel as the principles in doubled until rise Let white.) shortcup in Stir milk. l/4 cup fork. Scald with Vi Prick minutes. 20 aboutthemselves. are in teaThey modern and sugar tablespoons V4 6 ening, minutes. for 8 350 F. at oven in Bake Measure lukewarm. to Cool salt.their store is application us. spoon to There Fill bake—or and brown. not water. Do hot) (not warm cup cool, bowl into Ya crust, store use. To to ready until fornothing dated, example, in these compressed for lukewarm to refrig- (Cool in foil. Hold in wrap and stack cake or package 1 Addthoughts: 3. yeast.) Makes days. 1-10 erator or comdry active Yeast, Fleischmann's

lukeStir "I shall dissolve. always m to advocate Stir educaFfliing pressed. Ham and egg beaten 1 mixture, milk Drain broccoli. warm frozention for I package to 1 woman, and were say Cook unBeat flour. enriched sifted cups crust. To V/z "YeastRiz"in arrange and additional VA in an the sons Stir orwhether of daughters ot a til smooth. cream condensed 1 can of contents (about). flour enriched sifted savory. cups teaspoon shall /8 addfamily soup I educated, be chicken would ot free place, in rise warm Let broccoli Knead. the over soup the half Spoon about bulk, insay, all girls if 1% 'The doubled means,* for until by grated draft, cup with Sprinkle crust. in % into 3 divide down; Punch 8 hours. top on Arrange cheese. are are sonsmothers educated Cheddar bound circle. 10inch into each Roll remainpieces. Cover slices. rolled ham edges Press pan. pie I be.to 9-inch believe never can that into grated And Press cup with Sprinkle soup. ing %with 1 slightly with Brush fork. of tines moderate with in Bake cheese. willhigher education unsex Cheddar her, crust decorate (To white. egg minutes. beaten 1520 for 350 F. at oven ot cutouts small or braid cultivation theprovided of the thin heart place servings. 4-6 Makes hot. Serve egg with Brush rim. around doughkeeps that of the with pace mind."m

In another issue:

"I am not one of those women A MealIn-A-Dish with who are desirous of an almost unhearty flavor only Yeast can give limited right. I have no desire that "Delicious 'HeMan'Ham makes a hit with my man,"says

woman should be educated to be Mrs. Stuart Ware, prizewinning cook of Loomis,

a man, but I do desire with my California. "And a hit with me because I can make the "

whole heart that she be educated to 'YeastRiz'crust ahead, then fill and brown it at the be a woman.... What education last minute. Why don't you keep one (or two!) 'YeastRiz'

refrigerator crusts in yourshould a true woman be in posses-... suppers company dinners,... they'retoo!wonderful for hurryup

sion of? There is not a science, not "The secret of this delicious, different crust is Fleischmann's

a branch of learning which correYeast. Use the cake yeast or the handy dry kind prizesponds with the religion of the winning cooks like. It's fast and easy, keeps for months."

Latterday Saints but what she should strive to gain it. Not with a

view to enable herself to fill positions Another Recipes for other main dishes

Fine Product of (pizza, too!) on the back of every

Standard Brands Inc. "Thrifty Three."Look for them when you

buy Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast.

NOVEMBER 1957 863 in life... but with a view to edulegacy that parents can give to their

cate men to fill these positions and children...."

also women to fill positions like her Dress reform was a vital and timeown. I mean her children...."ly topic in the 1890's, and these early

Love and courtship were, of Journals speak excitedly about the course, the most popular subject and "emancipation from the bondage of most often written about: skirts... and the wicked corset."

"The true, genuine... love... Recognizing the "desire to appear in

is nothing less nor more than entire a pleasing, attractive manner... to

confidence, deep respect;... not be one of the natural instincts of the

attainable by the frivolous, the human breast,"the editors filled

Yield: 6 servings heedless, the uninformed. I say many columns with fashion news,

boldly that the lightminded young pictures, and opinions. They cheered

Sift together 1 cup sifted allpurpose man and young woman who have new styles which they considered flour, 3 teaspoons Clabber Girl Baknever studied the principles of right both graceful and healthful, "at once ing Powder, 3 tablespoons sugar, and and wrong... never considered the hygienic and artistic."The divided

1 teaspoon salt. Blend in 1 cup yellow importance of existence as progresskirt was rapidly being adopted, and

corn meal, 9 slices cooked crisp bacon, sive beings... never set up in their girls were beginning to shun the

finely snipped, 3 tablespoons finelysouls a standard of excellence, nor homemade fabrics for those storediced green pepper, and % cup made any efforts to reach a higher bought.

chopped pimiento. Combine 1 egg, plane of life and thought, are not As do fashion leaders nowadays,

slightly beaten, with 1 cup milk, and capable of the highest and truest they advocated "quiet simplicity"in % cup melted bacon fat, butter or type of love."dress, gowns "not bedecked with

margarine; add all at once to corn Equally direct and beautiful was much ribbons or lace...."Beauty,

meal mixture and stir until dry inthis counsel to young readers: they said, "is like truth—it never

gredients are just dampened. Pour "Never, never allow yourselves changes, though human ideas of it

batter into a 8 greased 2-inch x 8 x. to.. think that have most you are wise may—and enough the people who 425 pan.baking (hot) F. in a Bake select to its significance for your comprehended companion time fullyoven about 25 minutes. Serve hot, and all eternity. It is not so. The have ever recognized the divinity intocut pieces. serving wisdom and dictation of God alone of nature's methods of attaining

will enable you to do so. Seek him physical perfection.

Ybh iUJl hmw THIS to direct you, ask him not to allow "Imagine Venus in corsets, a bustle your affections to go out to an unon her back, high heels on her shoes, worthy object.... No matter what and furbelows on her drapery! Think

may be your perplexities, go to your of Helen in a tailormade gown! PicIt's the BALANCE of ingredients in Heavenly Father in prayer and you ture Sappho in a 19th century calling

baking powder that governs its leavenwill receive aid and peace, for you costume!"

ing action. Only these are scienwhen are his children Yes, fashion loves was a he with warm subject, whom

tifically balanced can of be uniyou sure lines, simplicity, straight a greater and love than can and conceive we actionform in the mixing bowl plus that final, balanced rise to light and fluffy of, and he has told us that he denaturalness were the aim; however,

texture in the oven... That's the story lights to be sought after by his chilthere was nothing drab about the

of Clabber Girl's double action... Betdren."belles of Salt Lake City in that

ter baking everytime! These timely words for parents day. Of the spring of 1890 and subwere taken from a column headed sequent seasons we read comments

"Night Thoughts": such as these:

"Those who have passed over the "Yellow bids fair to be the favorite dangerous, slippery paths of youth color; combined artistically with purfeel a deep care and anxiety for the ple, it makes a charming combinayoung... and it needs the greatest tion for youthful brunette faces."

care and wisdom, and the continual "From stovepipes to pancakes, presence and power of the Spirit of from pancakes to stovepipes; this is

God with parents, so to guide and the history of women's headgear. We

BALANCED set the noblest examples before their have reached the pancake re-

. sailor are hats.. vival... Round

... without worn very popularDouble Action GlRi * children,remorse ofso consciencethat if they willdo fallnot be

... means added to the other grief and lasting streamers.

sorrow. "The hair is sometimes worn

Better Baking! is, just reaching the LJMifi? L'aci "... A good education, a thorough short, that

powom knowledge of right and wrong, a shoulders, then curled into a soft

Guaranteed silks of soft sashes mass. that leads of the Wide by clear path view Good Housekeeping

..."waist. the happiness, to life are worn... around and and upward

CLABBER GIRL thetion,onewiththattheleadswisdomdownto tolearndestrucfrom person"Bluewhois quitecan thewearrage,it hasanda everygown

EXCLUSIVELY KNOWN AS THE others'experience, is the greatest in navy, turquoise, or baby blue."

BAKING POWDER WITH THE BALANCED DOUBLE ACTION

864 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Guess what dad loved as a lad..

that he's stealing from Junior now..

Nabisco SUGAR Honey Grahams THE Available In oneand fwopognd packages because they're made with rich graham flour and pure honey! They're better than ever! No wonder

Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams are still big favorites with

GRAHAMS dad!crumbs)They're... scoredwrappedto insnap3 InintoEr-bitesizeSeal wax piecespackets(lessfor

lasting crispness. Get a box for the whole family today.

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY NOVEMBER 1957 865 "For God so loved the world, that He His gave only begotDespite the touches of frivolity Some people cook the cornmeal as that ten Son, whosoever helieveth in Him and fad evident here, there accomthin as gruel, and then just before should not perish, panies all fashion news a reminder taking it up add a handful of graham hut have everlasting that the soul, not the appearance, is meal, and this makes it very good lifer John 3A6 of first importance. "Fashion can tasting, but the doctor tells me that only suggest,"the editor writes; this addition makes the mush far

"individuality is essential."harder to digest; for the gluten in

This and other beThe 1890's were not, to our measthe graham makes it sticky and alloved portions of to gastric invulnerable times, the most the sisters ure, prosperous but

Holy Writ appear juice. eaten never Sugar should be looking already with back in were (th edition of the

gratitude to the original Mormon with mush, nothing but a little milk, pioneer or better still, some fruit juice."women: 0)lm pea BiBxe "Sometimes we think we have a

Magnificent version condensed of the I tell with, deal great to contend but Entertainment with serimingled King James Testaments Old and New sisters, of I read you, when my the ous purpose is found throughout trials that our sisters passed through these early Journals, in fiction, verse, in early days, I feel ashamed that I and a variety of other forms. One

NOT ALTERED ever thought I had a trial, and I of the most enjoyable features began ONE WORD enof think the many blessings we editor of the the in volume I when in spite... of persecution. Plenty ". FITS IN POCKET, joy COAT i 4y4 "x6 3/4 several brethren, Journal asked marHANDBAG. PERFECT TRAVELER'S GIFT to eat, plenty to wear, most of us in ried and single, to write for her their

BEAUTIFUL, DURABLE, all of us homes, BLACK LEATHERcomfortable and It definition perfect of the woman.

."ETTE COVER, LETTERING GOLD.. friends. surrounded by is still popular a pastime but seldom

- EASILY LARGE, PRINT READ writthese throughout The goal forth to it bring does a masterpiece ings is OF BOOK NAME TOP OF motherEACH PAGE. wifehood good and compare with the following: EVERY VERSE, CHAPTER NUMBERED of importance the hood, homeand

perfect of a "What are my ideas

HANDSOME Briefly, a perfect wife and BIBLE PAPER EDITION Only $1 50 makingmore thanskillstheseandskillsthe necessityare not negfor woman?

AT LEADING BOOK STORES, AND lected: mother; but that, you will say, is

"How many a weary and exbegging the question; also, if I were

Crown Publishers, Jhc. hausted housewife goes to bed at to assert that no such thing as a per419 FOURTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y. night, and rises in the morning only fect woman exists, except as she

half rested in body, or refreshed in reigns a celestial queen over realms mind, all for the want of a system. supernal. What you mean, I preIndustrious, careful, and thrifty she sume, is what qualities do I most

may be, but lacking system, she is admire in woman. To begin, then:

is Amiability, than which more a slave, both a and simply drudge WARD is beauty; modesty, which more than... has in no mind. She and body

time for reading, or mental culture wit,—though wit and beauty are desirable, essential, in even the and of any kind."BANQUETS perfect of a woman. With Recipes

spirit were as popular then as just'makeup'of to enough be known

Make Them More Profitable, now: 'no simpleton,'I would have herfor

"... I suppose I shall have to begentle, kind, loving, and affectionWith Less Work! gin with mush,"wrote one editor, ate; always polite, without stiff

although, as I told you "and sincere, before, formalism, genuine, and denounces friend the physician Napkins my affected. Religious never, never

Paper Cups all sorts of mush in the most unwithout sadfaced sanctity, and intelare so there yet terms, qualified lectual masculinity a without and to it is well that eat it Folding Chairs many who disposition skilful to domineer. A

Crepe Paper give a few directions how to make nurse, an accomplished housewife, a the only permissible mush, and that shopper, good but gadder; no street Paper Plates is business, an eye to with though and

Table Covers "Cornmeal Mush"not parsimonious, economical and

Plastic Knives, Forks, Spoons handful"Into boilingor so ofwatermeal,stirstirringslowly ita provident.goes,'and runShenoshouldbills. payShe shouldas she

constantly. The mixture should be be sensitive, but not supersensitive;

... get your rather thin, as there is nothing so slow to anger and quick to forgive;

Paper Supplies disagreeable as a thick, stodgy corncharitable and generous, not merely meal mush. This should cook at with money, but also in thought and

from least three quarters of an hour, befeeling. I would have her just, but

ing set back on the range to slowly merciful as well as just; and would

simmer. If you are in a hurry, wet rather hear her berate herself—only

the meal up in cold water and stir as the lesser of two evils, however—

it immediately into the boiling water. than depreciate her neighbors. In

Never let it stand after it is wet up. short, she must be a woman of prin-

& SUPPLY COMPANY

SALT LAKE OGDEN IDAHO FALLS

866 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA - NOW AVAILABLE - CHOIR MUSIC ON DOCTRINAL SUBJECTS OF THEciple, unswayed by passion. A faithful, sweet, and loving wife; a deCHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

voted, yet wise, and not too indulgent mother; a woman, in fact, with Metered S5ictcrcwiental

instinctsall the of noblest womanS5tonasr SALTER BY SAM her. abouthood She be may

LORD'S Testimonial PROMISE"for Choir either 1. "THE SoloThe and Promise (Seeblonde, or brunette, their or medium; 10:4-5) Moroni

though I prefer a light complexion, 2. "A PROPHET SHALL THE LORD RAISE"for Chorus and DuetOn Prophets (See 20c ea.

as a rule. Don't think that I imagine, Amos 3:7, Acts 3:2223) 20c ea.

however, that any girl is going to 3.4. "AND"YE AREPROVETHEY"ME"Sopranofor ChorusOnand Tenor TithingSolo (From(See 3Mai.Nephi3:8-11)15:2122) 05c40c ea.ea.

change her complexion to suit me.

Gentlemen:Finally, she a Latterday must be

Enclosed will find you Saint, to heart's the core. encircled compositions:( ) check ( ) money t This is 1! order for the

the sumrnum bonum of all good j 1. THE LORD'S PROMISE

qualities. i 2. A PROPHET SHALL THE LORD RAISE |

3. PROVE ME j AND

A. "Well, I think I can hear the lady SALTER MUSIC CO. \ YE ARE THEY

editor's slightly voice, amiable tinged 8124 FOOTHILL BLVD.! Name!j satire, exclaim,with 'And what CALIFORNIA are SUNLAND,

you prepared to render in exchange for such a treasure?'City Zone State

"Madam, my profoundest admira- \ Residents of CaliforniaUtah include4%.2% sales tax.

tion. Special Rates in Lots of 50 and 100.

"Orson F. Whitney"

The women to whom we are indebted for the wisdom in forty priceless volumes of The Young Woman sJournal were great women. Many DIAGRAMS

of them bore great names: Susa Illustrating Latterday Saint

Young Gates, May Booth Talmage, principles with complete scripAnn M. Cannon, Mary Connelly, tural references and conClarissa Beesley, and Elsie Talmage densed summaries of Church

Brandley. The world about which doctrines. Extremely helpful

they wrote, as seen "through the for teachers, students, and all eyes of a woman,"had its great men, Church members.

too, and perhaps the key to their Author, A. P. Merrill

greatness lies partly in these words from an 1890 Journal: Price -$1.00 EACH

"If we are to have great men, giants in intellect... we must first Available at

have great and good women... able The Intermountain West's Largest and

to train and assist the development Finest Selection of: DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Templeof the infant mind, to mark its Bridal Gowns—Lingerie

tendencies and encourage its budSalt Lake City 10, Utah Bridesmaids Dresses—Accessories..."ding talents.

WOMAN BAKING BREAD

by Elaine V. Emans

You needn't tell me you are baking bread! "BANQUETMASTER"

LIGHT WEIGHT THE NEWI standing noticed it while door, at the FOLDING TABLE BANQUET bell,Ringing your before you, answering for Designed beautiful today's said, Churches Schools "Come in!"Few fragrances arise and soar Cafes Private Homes

In such friendly fashion, well beyond

The kitchen; few can tell so colorful

A story. Once again I see a plow 60 East South Temple

Lay back the good earth, followed by a Salt Lake City, Utah gull, And then the green shoots springing up, 'Across from the Church offices and and how Lion House"The gold grain undulates within the wind Made in the West by

And sun before the triumph of the thresh- L.D.S. workmen.

ing. BISHOPS—Before you buy, compare Banmaterial quality for of and I see then pinned your apron you withAnd design. of beauty Low workmanship,

you, strong DRINK quetmasters kneadingAround dough, your freight paid. cost—only $22.66

Satisfaction Guaranteed flashing arms inspection. sent for your pleasureWith collect telephone in the task. So much is there SampleWrite ortable JAIn the smell of baking bread upon the air! ficq A delightful 2-6601. hot beverage for those D. H. LOOSLI CO., INC.

who don't drink coffee. Idaho Falls, Idaho

AT YOUR GROCERS NOVEMBER 1957 867 Why Share Your Space with a Swinging Door?

a "MODERNFOLD"door takes none * MORE SPACE FOR LIVING * NEW COLORFUL BEAUTY * RIGID - STRENGTH OF STEEL * MOVABLE WALLS modernfold DOORS The Vanishing For demonstration write or phone

ALDER'S Flowerpot 960 South Main Salt Lake City Phone EM 4-8444

Please your free send me booklet entitled by Margaret O. Sheer for Living"1E10. Space "More

NAME Address City State Whatever is happening to the for putting plants in strange conold-fashioned flowerpot? Remember tainers is unlimited. One finds

the days when it would stand, coleus growing in a soup tureen and brown and unashamed, in a saucer ivy fountaining forth from an old on every kitchen windowsill and cutglass heirloom. A handpainted,

fflffi&Zgm were filled with scarlet geraniums gilded mustache cup will house a and pink begonias? reluctant cactus or two, and an old

The passing of this functional iron doughnut kettle is just the thing household object may be attributed for growing geraniums in.

to the interior decorators who now Could you use a china baby shoe rule the adornment of the modern filled with miniature ivy? Or would

home. Instead of putting plants in you prefer some red ballet slippers

pots, they must now be planted in that hang from the wall by a red something that fits in with the decor ribbon and can be planted to suit—copper or brass planters in unbeyourself?

lievable shapes and sizes, containing There is one bright spot in the the ubiquitous snakeplant and the story. Most house plants, being

trailing philodendron. No modern foolish and unsuspecting victims of

gay ceramic Honey Bee home is now complete unless it high style, will grow anywhere in...with its plump little tummy packed full boasts of a planter of black wrought anything. Only the temperamental

of Miller's fancy clover honey, gathered by iron which often resembles nothing African violet maintains anything "traveling the bees"famous you read about in Reader's Digest! Gold and black more or less than the work of a comparable to a last ditch stand.

6"iron long, bee, with wrought legs. group of restless Cub Scouts turned Although its growers may try to hide itself, in cellophane Honey, so server bag

is reusable. A conversation piece on any loose with some coat hangers on a the fact with silver foil or jardinieres

anytable! Giftboxed. prepaid Shipped rainy afternoon. sort of one the or another, African

in incl., tax U.S.A., only $3.00. where Send

still If the violet to insist home is owned by a colseems being upon check or please) to: order (no C.O.D. money

MILLER'S HONEY COMPANY Jector of antiques, the possibilities grown in a plain oldfashioned

Dept. K-l 1 Col ton, California

The Honey of Honeys since 7894

868 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA it, I flowerpot. Hurrah for say! Of YEARS OF SERVICE such determination stubbornand

ness are heroes made. Farm Bureau has faithfully served the state

of Utah since 1917—speaking for the farmer

The Nobility of Labor prosperousbuilding a strongeragriculture.nation by building a more

(Concluded) time was not fully employed. I was not working for

the company but for the agent perPLANNED LEGISLATION sonally. I did the same as I had

done in Mr. White's bank—volunteered to file a lot of bank letters,

etc., and to keep a set of books of

the Sandy Smelting Company, which

Mr. Wadsworth was doing personally.

To emphasize the truth of the above quotation from I Chronicles, QnAWuanaL (pAjoqAawL

I will remark that my action so pleased Mr. Wadsworth that he emLife Auto Fire ployed me to do the collecting for

Wells, Fargo & Co. and paid me Farm Comprehensive

twenty dollars a month for this work Elgin 9-8668 in addition to my regular compenLiability sation of seventyfive dollars from the insurance business. Thus I was 65 E. 4th South

in the employ of Wells, Fargo & UTAH Salt Lake City one Co., and of my daydreams had STATE FARM T*rJ2u%eauFEDERATIONFEDI ELgin 9-8668 reality. a become

When New Year's eve arrived, I was at the office quite late writing calling cards. Mr. Wadsworth came

in and pleasantly remarked that business was good, that it never rains but it pours, or something to this effect. He referred to my havtot Christms..

ing kept the books of the Sandy

Smelting without compenCompany give a new CONN sation and of complisaid a number things mentary which made me very MINUET"then handed a check happy. He me

for one hundred dollars which America's Finest doubly compensated me for all my extra labor. The satisfaction enSpinet Organ

joyed by me in feeling that I had won the goodwill and confidence of IASY TO PLAY employer worth wasmy more to me EASY TO OWN dollars. than twice one hundred

Every young man who will enLarger models available, too!

deavor to employ all his time, never Visit Daynes Music or Phone EL 9-7633 stopping to count the amount of for Free Demonstration Lesson compensation he is to receive for his services, but rather be inspired with a desire to labor and learn, I aunes Music promise, will achieve success in the battle of life. J 5

1st 15 E. So Dream, oh youth! dream nobly mm145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVO < Salt City Lake

,and manfully, and thy dreams shall be thy prophets.

What man wants is not talent, it is purpose; not power to achieve, but Whenever you moveNEW DEDICATIONZEALAND TEMPLE

to labor. will the *999f.o April 20, 1958 Inc. tolabel old mailing your Air Send American Pan Arise therefore, and be doing, and Inc. hotel, meals, sightseeing, most much to with gether address your new is This more. not a chartered nonscheduled will the you. Lord be with

flight personally escorted but scheduled a THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tour especially for LDS on America's most 50 North Main Street experiencedCALIFORNIAairline.INTERMOUNTAIN NEWS

Salt Lake City 16, Utah 1023 N. Western Ave. Los Angeles 29

NOVEMBER 1957 869 To Be a King own throat. He uttered a shriek of

terror and pain and sank to his knees in supplication.

"Spare him, Hassan,"commanded (Continued) Haran squirmed David hoarsely.

pitifully. His eyes fell before the inWith grudging obedience, the

tent and earnest gaze of the girl. servant jerked the man to his feet,

"To be sure,"he finally answered. then raised him in his gigantic arms

"With his positive nature, he could as a child would a doll, shaking not do otherwise."the breath out of him, and slapped

David made an effort to divert him soundly in the face.

their thoughts. "Go,"he said, "and be thankful

"What concern have you with my that there is someone here more difficulties or with the Nazarene? merciful than I, or you would never

Let us talk of something else."The walk from this spot."

visitors did not remain long. David finally succeeded in disarmBefore the evening was far ading his adversary. For a few movanced, Abner called with a brief ments, the heavy breathing of the

report. Elihu had gone hastily to men prevented either from speaking.

Jerusalem to use his influence against "You see, Gideon,"said David plots the of their enemies. He sufficiently recovered, he had had when SAFEWAY that greater ever care than left word easily I could kill "how you now,

IS A FRIEND should be exercised, as every moveeven without the assistance of my ment made by David was known. servant."

OF THE FAMILY... AND For a few moments after Abner's "Well, why don't you kill me?"

departure, David pondered over the "If it were not for the new belief

A FRIEND OF THE FARMER events of the evening and the warnwhich you so much despise, you difings received widely such from reto opportunity would have no for years Safeway many innow ferent sources. called the He of crimes. pent your the was What largest of the been one has trepid into council. Hassan this of attack purpose on me?"products of agricultural buyers sit master, here waiting why "My kill of course."you, "To farms. Idaho from and Utah is spirit for danger? doing your That "I believe that cannot bear you

your than can harm do men for inmore past year, the During hatred against personally; thereme 7 ill learn body. not more we valuing stance, products W farm fore, this in have must been done

$25,000,000 were purchased quickly what to expect if we go out anticipation of gain."

it? meet a to farmers and from Utah right,"are said "You the vanafter "Hassan, are a you man my similar Idaho from amount Gideon, quished "othshamefacedly, sit heart. quietly within, own Why of total a farmers, making I ers to serious under am whom action awaits without? us Supwhen the two from $50,000,000 obligations, easily and might who forth. ourselves pose and go arm we states. ruin me, the with prompted deed to appearing Follow without do me

offer the of of are reward."a products these handsome Many is so. If attack an made, and my

sold in local stores. Many assailant meets me singlehanded and "For an honest statement of the

more are packaged under Safeto my face, you are to allow us to plans being made for my destruction, way's own famous brand labels fight it out alone; but if there should I will give you more than you were

receive I them. from recognized and sold in stores across Amerbe more than one, come to my asto

ica. Zebulon's voice sure and he will am sistance."

Safeway started operations In a few moments they were both never cease plotting until he gains in Idaho and first expanded to prepared and went forth into the his end."

Utah. Many of the people in night. Hassan followed casually. "I did not know he was about or

this area are counted among the Suddenly from a dark niche a man I should have lifted no hand against owners of Safeway today. Safesprang upon David. The servant you, but he hates you so bitterly

way has a deep concern and hastily drew near, then seeing that that for once his passion was interest in the welfare of this his master was attacked by but one, stronger than cowardice. All along

area. he withdrew a few paces with perhe has been fearful of your strength

SAFEWAY IS A FRIEND fect confidence that David could not and skill and has urged me to strike

OF THE FAMILY be overcome by any one man. The from behind. Such a plan I posiAND A FRIEND soundswas a ofterrificconflictone.indicatedThen athatdarkit tivelymust say,refusedDavid,to accept;that in thoughspite ofI

OF THE FARMER figure stole upon David from bewhat I have heard of your fighting hind and raised a dagger to strike qualities, I expected rather easily to him down. With the speed of a vanquish you. Perhaps in the dayl

tiger the servant caught the man's to come we will both be sorry you wrist and gave the arm such a twist did not kill me."

that the bones cracked. The dagger "Abandon your evil course, and SAFEWAY

was torn from the wouldbe asno such regret need come to either sassin's hand and placed against his of us."

870 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'There is beauty all around

I "In repent; your presence might

asWhen there's love at homewith corrupt tomorrow,but my sociates, all good impulses will have There is joy in every sound"been forgotten. I am wicked and

shall remain so."When the family gathers around the

"I will gladly help you,"said

David, "but you would have as a patron one whose influence has vanished."HAMMONDTo play and sing their favoriteORGANsongs.

difference "That no would make insure continued companionship. gatherings Happy V I far too gone.with but me, am listening. relaxation in playing and Complete V I will for the presentHowever, be to elders play soon. can learn The young and the V will a forloyal to you and reward

acquaint you with our plans so that So that your family may enjoy the loveliest and most you or some of your friends can musical gatherings during the coming Holiday Season, frighten Zebulon into leaving the get full particulars now and assure prompt delivery.

city. But this is not the place to PRICED FROM $995.00

make bargains. Can you get me

quietly into your house tomorrow GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO.

night?"—CELEBRATING OUR GOLDEN ANNIVERSARY

The next evening announcement OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO was made that Gideon desired to be 2546 Washington 74 South Main 57 North University admitted. "You are punctual, Gideon,"said

David.

FABULOUS "I am always punctual when SAVE ( paid me."is to bemoney

will "A goodly sum be handed 70%/ON v KITCHEn CHflRSTl you before we part, but tell me nowwhat news you have."She DRINKS, WETS, SLEEPS & WAXED PAPER

"I careful inquiry since have made CRIES REAL TEARS/"\ KEEPS FOOD in her complete comes She own lastour night meeting able and am

Crib, Bath Rocker Baby ComHairto that, for say present, the your own oote<taran FRESHER LONGER! with Pajamas Bottle & issafety assured. case has bination Your

been given to me, and being sure Reg.

of me you may be sure of your life. $9.95

So much for yourself. Value

"Regarding your fortune, it will cost a considerable part of it to make the remainder secure, for a plot to rob you of it whether you live or die is developing. The plotters have

received word from Rome which makes them feel very safe. Your allShe lifelikeassumes positions!and holds

only hope of saving anything that is SkinSoft 100% Vinyl in this country is to call Elihu to your feelgivesofhera thereal lookbaby!&

VALUE! isassistance. sagacious and He (RegularBONUS Value) Life Size $3 16"Big

Terri Tears and, in addition,resolute 30Piece has almost Rocker Babywith $| of CombinaCrib, purchasewithTerri Tears... only Layette Bathtion, and Pajamas influence Pilate withunbounded and

Blanket Beacon Baby Baby2 of Nightie changes Diapers influentialother even men; but he $398 cloths 2 4 PowBib Bottle.Reg.$12.95Only WashPuffs der failwill unless he Booties forward comes Ship. Pacifier Bottle 50c Sponge SoapWasher

or Plus PlusPins Pins Pins Clothes 7 Diaper COD

Postage. 6Clothes Line offer. temptingwith a

"But the news which will doubtless She's sweet, lifelike, loveable, completely indestructible, absolutely washable no and startling to that Zebube you is most treat a tot rough matter how may to forciblelon is planning take posbeautifully decorated Crib Rocker her.—BabyHer

session of Ruth within the next few Bath combination is lined with colorful days."waterproof vinyl. She's simply a thrilling

value. Order now!

David's almost anger became unUnconditional Guarantee MoneyBack WITH MILLIONS POPULAR

P. J. HILL Dept. T-86 CO.,controllable. Gideon watched him OF HOUSEWIVES...

Street, Broad 884 Newark ascuriously he paced up and down ALL 1, N. J. AT LEADING GROCERS

the room. Finally he arose and

faced his perturbed host.

"While I do not understand the Send a friend pure love which prompts your anger, atkill anyeven I would man who THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to standtempted between me and

A welcome gift for Christmas or any occasion $2.50 in the U.S. $3.00 foreign

NOVEMBER 1957 871 PIKES PEAK the woman I desired. Few of the ised reward awaits you. In your

details of the plot against Ruth are position you can hardly fail to hear

Highest Quality in my possession, and it will be unif any plan begins to take shape against Nazarene. the Will you do if my

lies in to avert All Purpose FLOUR necessarysuggestionto isimpartfollowedeven theseconcerning what your power the treatment of Zebulon. But I danger to him?"

involve myself in serious danger by "You ask too much. The Nazarene

telling you how to frighten him from is nothing to me. Why should I

the city. offend my friends in his behalf?"

"To do this, have your old friend "For the same reason, if you have go to him and tell him that he is no better one, that you serve Zebuin communication with the man who lon—because gold in good measure

assisted in luring Ashur to his death. is to be had by compliance with my

Elihu was near the truth when he request."

made his investigation and is keen "Under those conditions you may enough to make the most of this rely upon me to do my best for your simple suggestion. Do this, and you interests."

will have nothing more to fear from David called a servant and had

Zebulon, at least not for a long time."him bring a wellfilled purse which

David looked into the man's eyes. was handed to Gideon. With proHis gaze seemed to penetrate to fuse thanks the latter retired, but the

Gideon's very heart. door had hardly closed behind him

"Are you honest with me? If you when he returned. So intense was

are not and evil befalls Ruth, you his emotion that he spoke brokenly.

are doomed.""David, in some strange manner

"Usually, I am notoriously disyou have the power to touch the honest, but I will give my life as best that is in me—in fact, you have

forfeit if I have deceived you toaroused the only worthy impulse I night. Judged by your standards, have felt for years. When I promand even by my own, I am a wretch. ised to do your bidding in behalf of

Though I admire and like you, my the Nazarene, I had in mind the motives in coming here are corrupt. reward only and had no intention

I am doing for money what should of earning it. How can you know

be done for principle, but still I in your isolated condition what I do

American speak the truth."for or against him? Possibly I may

chairs upholstered with pew ends "I believe you, Gideon, and I redo something for his protection, but new my plea of yesterday that you I am far more likely, in view of my

American Seating offers be more worthy of yourself."present association, to do the opposite. any robbed have I would dignity comfort "It is late, and too I David. seem this in living other matter and man

in wholly lacking every imgood furniture in church at for so gullible, laughed being him all it pulse. I heart With wish my comfort,For dignity, quietness in and I canreason but for some unknown

church seating, choose American Seating were otherwise."not bring myself to rob you. Thereupholstered chairs. They offer beauty and "I regret to hear such an expresfore, if I come saying I have been

durability, correct posture; are adaptable sion, for there is much that is adable to help your friend, you may

to curved rows. mirable in you."rely upon the truthfulness of my

More churches buy American Seating This much praise, the first he had story. If I do not come, it will be

products than any other make. If you are heard for a long time, and coming because the opportunity or the inplanning to reseat, remodel, or build, write from one whom he had attempted clination to be of service to him has

us in detail about your seating requirements. to kill, touched Gideon deeply. been lacking."

:;:::::::.'-'--::;::.::::: "One thing more, and the prom- {To be continued)

AMERICAN SEATING Rapids 2, Mic!>. Dept. 169, Grand

IN PUBLIC LEADER SEATING PRELUDE WORLD'S

FILMS! How loud bythe MariesilenceDaerrspeaks in woods

DEVELOPED Brownblanketed by autumn's hand.

squirrel, tail erect, brighteyed and PRINTED TheChatters staccato reprimand

At sifting leaves and querulous wind

Until, as though it had been planned,

Deliberate, methodical, MONEYBACK GUARANTEE! The snow arrives to take command.

SAM'SP. O. BoxPHOTOH15, Dept. AALAB

Salt Lake City, Utah

872 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA O c?

LOVE AT FIRST BITEAs We Forgive (Continued) or enemy, associate New TABLE QUEEN or stranger, we need repentance and mercy and forgiveness.

What we are talking about is a direct application of the Golden

Rule, Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: For this is

the law and the prophets. (Matt.

7:12.) No perfection without forgiveness is to be found. The essence of charity is forgiveness. It was Paul who

said: New loaf—new wrapper

... and now ahideth faith, hope, More nourishing—made with milk

charity, these three, but the greatest Enriched with vitamins & iron of these is charity. (I Cor. 13:13.)

Charity sufferetli long, and is Fresh... at your grocer's

kind; charity envieth not; charity

vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up,

Doth not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil; (Ibid.,13:4-5.) BUSINESS

This simple, easily attainable virtue must be magnified in us if weare to fulfil life's true mission. GIRLS

And faith, hope, charity and love, with an eye single to the glory of +rY

God, qualify him for the work. ( D & MEN AND WOMEN!C4:5.) Build wholesale your business and own beZOOM

in an your EXECUTIVE DISTRIBUTOR for any reason When we fail comearea. sell to salespeople under Appoint you.... and with records desphonograph powerful and forgive,to overlook our opporwe literature. criptive start out to Possible

tunity to further or fulltime parttime the investment with purposes no of our secured purchasing 100% by Z0OOOO0M through Your Father.Heavenly has declared: He Food Supplement ofHONESTEDEN... inventorya really

product For behold, this is my work and factors for of BALANCED47 vitamins,nutrition!minerals EDENand isotheran day! 2bom has all ihemy glory—to bring to pass the imexclusive formula derived from 100% organic

mortality and eternal life of man. ordoctor!NATURALDon'tsourcesdelay GUARANTEED... send todayby YOURfor basic goodness of finest

(Moses 1:39.) complete details.

I He has restored his gospel, beGARDEN OF EDEN CO., Sun Valley 1, Calif. whole hard wheat

to into the get UPPER INCOME 1 want his priesthoodstowed on man once BRACKETS! cooks Faster hisagain. has charged people He Please nformation. send FREE

to carry the gospel message to the Enclose d is $12.00 for complete kit. than QUICK,

ends of the earth, to all people at home and abroad. Our message is tastes Better

than GOOD!repentance. Why cry repentance if City State.... %

we do not forgive? The one is the An Organlzat 'on of L.D.S. Memb ers.

incentive for the other. If we do

not forgive, we cannot love; if we

do not love, we cannot convert. Our

preaching in vain would without be forgiveness. defeat the FOR YOUR HEALTH'S SAKE 7 HOMEIMPORT would We

is ofpurposes the Lord. There no BUSINESS! the approximate learn—service to you showchurch Men Women. can which be We we

bigprofit to items PROTEIN MINERAL import VITAMIN howcalled, service render, can no unwe prices foreign at low amazing of content CALORIE and is left). at (examples Your homeless forgiving. It commence by we FRUITS VEGETABLES list office. AND Imyour of 157 RAW Get

is essential to create starting spare a time point Full or FREE! rjports1 take business Order. Mail by Or charts containing booklet Ato past, the eliminate to create a new stores. Imorders from volume preinformation valuable and sporting clothing, jewelry, port in healthyand environment which E. H. KIRSCHNER, pared by FREE etc. EXPEgoods, hardware, NO

faith begotten, IN be repentance request. may PRODmailed RIENCE INVESTMENT on M.D. OR

obligation NEEDED. Withoutinspired, courage fostered, obedience details for complete today Clocks

list CO. MFG. FREE! imports of 157 Air ACME 65 sendUCTSand WRITE.* Germany night. us reaches mail over The California in Sierra Madre, 34 N. Baldwin, value $5 Co., Mellinger Westwood, 1717

in U.S.A. Dept.G-165B,Los Angeles 24, Calif.

NOVEMBER 1957 873 WEST INDIES What Is a Gentleman....?

AIR CRUISE Richard L. Evans

ISLAND HOPPING AND LEISURE HOLIDAYS Our consideration of friendship and confidence and trust in past weeks leads us at last to what a gentleVirgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Dominican THE man is—or isn't. For a word so freely used, it

Republic, Haiti, Jamaica, Cuba, Bahamas SPOKEN seems that few have defined it. Shakespeare sugWORD gested some of the required qualities when he

Romantic, Exciting, Mysterious referred to "An honest gentleman, and a courteous, and a kind, and and Historical, a handsome, and, I warrant, a Virtuous'"x one. "Courteous,""kind,"

the West Indies is All This and "virtuous"—is a good beginning. And Robert Louis Stevenson

and More! made a fine distinction when he said, "To be a gentleman is to be

Independent Travel one all the world over, and in every relation and grade of society."2

Leave Any Day In other words, a gentleman isn't a gentleman just in particular places, not just where he is known or not just where he isn't known—

9 Days or More—From Miami but everywhere he is, alone, or in any kind of company. And now

$149.00 and up from some widely selected and significant sources come these further

Send For Free Brochure qualities that must be included: "A gentleman considers what is

vulgar will is right; the consider pay."3 what gentleman one A

is corrupt,""no crisis can "bent gentleman shapwhom... on 3 A

ing his mind to give happiness to others.""The gentleman is a

of truth"4 dignified in manner, faithful in bearing, "warmUNIVERSAL man 3... of speech."has "fineness of nature.". and.. 5 This one who

TRAVEL SERVICE must be added: that there is more to being a gentleman muchthan

pleasant speech, or the polished manner, or easy affability; more HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE

clothes; than the cut of the line,"than merely or a more a "good

Salt Lake City, Utah flattering or tongue, including a a smooth exterior—but true heart

Phone DA 8-8881 and sincere intent—cleanliness within and without, of thought, of

person, and of apparel. A gentleman is one in whom innocent

children could safely confide, and one in whose care or keeping

MAIL COUPONanother man's mother or sister or wife or daughter would be as safely and respectfully considered as would be his own most loved safeguard all the virtues precious one who would and the most GRIND FLOUR ones;

things; and irreplaceable of the divine destiny every who respects

AS YOU person;ship to thewho Godcan walkand Fatherwith quietof usconscience,all, who madeawareusofinhishisrelationimage,

and of the Master, whose name or presence he would approach

NEED IT! with a true and humble heart. "In a certain sense,"said Cicero,

to feel affection said must for be even "we never have men we The Secret seen, their to owing honesty 5 In and virtue."'a choosing companion

of a life, for selecting in associate, or well an for would such we look Truly a of a gentleman, man, of manliness of virtue, gentleness, and a man Nutritional of integrity; as well honor and suggested, we, and would Emerson Bread is "distinguish Fashion's."4 God's gentleman from

Freshly Ground Flour "TheColumbiaSpokenBroadcastingWord,"fromSystem,TempleSeptemberSquare presented1, 1957, overCopyrightKSL and1957.the

Your own household stone mill grinds flour See page 883 for references.

with superb flavor. Get a LEE Household

Electric Flour Mill... grind your flour as

you bake. Assure your family of an honest

loaf! Automatic Portable TRUE THANKFULNESS

Economical Electric Write today for prices—free recipes and food by Gladys Hesser Burnham

facts.

Save on introductory offer, send coupon below with check or money order for choice 5-lb.

package—stone ground the day it's shipped. Thanking Thee for all our endless blessings

LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY That constitute our lives and make them whole, Wisconsin Milwaukee,

Is not enough to prove toe have a conscience.

IE-4 Lee Engineering Dept. Company,

2023 Avenue, 1, Wis. To salve with words will not renew a soid. Milwaukee W. Wisconsin

It is deeds we need and sacrifice:, for meaning,

.... Deaf Smith Flour, 5-lb. pkg. Pp. only $1.50 To prove that character develops men of worth.

.... Wis. -Minn. Flour, 5-lb. pkg. Pp. only $1.00 It takes real insight, work, and loving

Name To show true thankfulness upon this earth.

Street City State

874 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA attained. Then and then only have

we brought about God's purposes and in a measure fulfilled our mission in life and justified in part, at least, the Lord's mercy and goodness unto us.

I, the Lord, will forgive whom I will forgive, but of you it is required to forgive all men. (D & C 64:10.)

We forgive all mankind.

Then came Peter to him, and said,

Lord, how oft shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him? till

seven times?

Jesus saith unto him, I say not unto thee, Until seven times: but, Until

seventy times seven, (Matt. 18:2122.We do not sit in judgment on one

another. Our forgiveness must precede even our call to repentance, in

fact, be the incentive therefor, as we have seen. What more potent force

have we at our command than forgiveness to induce others to a better way of life?

To gain the forgiveness of God for our own sins we must needs repent with contrite hearts, confess, forsake, and sin no more.

... There is not a man living who

is not greater than his sins, who isn't greater than his weaknesses. It

is a wonderful thing to know that even though a man may sink so low that he is at the bottom of the gutter, yet within him there is a greatness that can regenerate him if he will submit himself to the right influences and to the power above and beyond himself. (Matthew Cowley Speaks,

p. 218.)

Congratulations, Son

(Continued) finished the scene. Office: 1078 South 1st West Salt Lake City 8, Utah Dial EM 3-2763

Coach Blake looked at him for a moment. "That was much better. Keep

trying. You'll get it."He rose from

the bed and left the room smiling Study By Correspondence to himself.

"Keep trying,"Don whispered."Keep trying. I've drained myself KW/// B Y U HOME STUDY

of every ounce of imagination. I

can't even do this well enough to future may be in you* mailfiojr suit him."Backstage, opening night of the MAIL TO play, everything was in an uproar. BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

The stage crew was making a last Adult EducationHomeand StudyExtension Services minute check of lights and props, Provo, Utah

Miss Welling was almost beside herNdme - self with exhaustion, and several Address girls were having minor seizures of City & State

Please send me without cost Brigham Young University's Home Study Catalog timm

NOVEMBER 1957 875 hysteria, but Don was calm. He'd words came mechanically at first, he turned to speak to his father.

thought the matter over. He knew until the others left the stage. Sud- "If thou didst ever hold me in

his lines like he knew all of his denly, he was alone—alone except thy heart, Absent thee from felicity

father's best basketball plays. This for his father looking at him from a while and in this harsh world draw

was like going into a game. Every the third row.... thy breath in pain to tell my

''Oh, that this too, too solid flesh story...."Suddenly the curtain wasline had to hit the basket. He was

out to win this game. If he didn't would melt, Thaw and resolve itself down. It was over. He was pushed

he'd give up trying to do anything into a dew.'Gosh, Dad, what's the out onto the stage as the velvet curagain to please his father, not that use,"he thought.... ''Or that the tains opened, to face a thundering

playing the lead in the school play Everlasting had not fix'd his canon ovation, and the cheers of a delighted was any great feat, but just once 'gainst selfslaughter! O God! God! audience.

he'd like to hear his father say, "ConHow weary, stale, flat and unprofitBack in his dressing room, he gratulations, Son!"able seems to me all the uses of this slumped over the table. The game

A few minutes before curtain time world! Fie on 't! Oh fie. Fie!'If was over. He had won, except for

he walked out onto the stage, lifted only once I could do something to one thing. Suddenly, he felt a hand

the peephole in the curtain, and please you. Just once. So you'd on his shoulder, and as. he turned,

looked out. His father and mother put your arm around my shoulder, tears streaming down his cheeks,

were sitting on the third row, center, like you do Frost, and say, just once, he looked into the smiling face of and sitting beside them, looking com- 'Well done.'Tis an unweeded his father. His mother and Frost

pletely bored, was Frost. Suddenly, garden, that grows to seed; things stood in the doorway.

Miss Welling called them to their rank and gross in nature possess it "Congratulations, Son!"

places. The lights dimmed, and the merely...."He continued the It was his father's voice—his father

red velvet curtains parted to reveal scene until suddenly the lights speaking the words:

the towers of Elsinore. dimmed, and he heard a thunder of "You've made me very proud toThe first scene went well. There applause in his ears. night."His father drew him to his

was a smattering of polite applause, From then until the final scene the feet, his strong arm about the boy's and the lights came up to reveal the play moved swiftly, but to Don his shoulder, patting him affectionthrone room of the castle. Through father was the only one in the audiately....

the lights Don could see his father ence, seemingly watching only him, "I've waited a long time for and mother, his father turning from saying not a word.... Then came this.... You know, I never did

time to time to smile at Frost. Don's the duel and his final speech. Again think I'd have a son that I could

Only STEEL can do so many jobs so well

Operation Deep Freeze. Last year, to prepare Antarctic base sites for the present International Geophysical Year, U. S. Navy Task Force 43 made an almost complete circle around

Antarctica. Lead vessel was the USS Glacier, powerful pride of the Navy's icebreaker fleet.

In this startling picture, the Glacier pokes her tough steel nose into the desolate Atka Bay ice barrier so that scientists and Navy men can reconnoiter and plant the American Flag.

ITED STATES STEEL 876 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA pass my first hard earned trophy on to.

He handed the boy a small black box. Don looked at his mother

questioningly. She smiled as he

opened the box. Inside was a small

medal, tarnished, and almost worn smooth, but he could make out two masks, one laughing, one weeping.

"Turn it over, Son."

On the back of the medal were engraved the words... are as near as

"Chad Blake, Outstanding Thespi1938."an, THI SALT LAKE TRIBUNE Later, the as he left auditorium,

'%fflffi%$'/% "yw,wffli$ WMMpassing through excited the throng who pressed him, offering congratuThe delicate pulse of the notion's business world Is reflected each doy lations, his and shaking hand enin the 400ormore figures mi quotations or the financial peges ofthusiastically, father, his he saw standing by the car, holding the door The Soil Lake Tribune...These pages ore vital links between the

open for him. His mother... and rational market centers ana* the Infermouniain West *.. Accurately

Frost... were in the back seat. edited each day to correctly reflect business trends/ The Tfttnne's

financial pages are another reason why THi Til THAT BINDS THE ItfTERMOUHTAIN WEST is,..Mr. Hammarskjold's Problems

jiiife (Concluded) who fled Austria and some 20,000 who sought aid in Yugoslavia. The UN should continue its

efforts, the Secretary General believes, to gain asylum for these and Wijuenmizeothers, some of whom have continOne of America's Great aNcw spapers ued stateless since World War II.

16. The United Nations Children

Fund "Urgent effort"is needed for this isprogram, which seen esas "an Getting ihera is half the -ftin / insential element the whole scheme of international economic and social aid for underdeveloped countries."

These items, numbered here for convenience, represent Mr. Dag

Hammarskjold's worries as the Thirteenth General Assembly went to work. They represent his job, one

of the most demanding in the world.

Evidently his 84 nationstate "bosses"have been pleased with his work. On

September 25, 1957, the Security

Council voted unanimously 11-0 to elect him to a second fiveyear term.

If each of us were to write an an-..,;..

nual report of the problems we face, mm in our particular jobs, it could be worth the time to see how many of them would connect, one way or another, with one or more of the items in Mr. Hammarskjold's report.

Reading between the lines one can discern that he has budget trouble, common with all of us. But his conSm your Cunardauthorized Trove/ Agent and.cerns run far, wide, and deep beyond <& CUNATO

financial questions in these times. QUEEN ELIZABETH QUEEN MARY MAURETANIA CARONIA BRITANNIC

MEDIA PARTHIA CARINTHIA IVERNIA SAXONIA SYLVANIA

NOVEMBER 1957 877 QUICK PROFITS from EASY SALES

Your people will buy Messenger's Historical sight. on Art Calendar Time—"The Stuff Life calendar This is the

especially designed for the produced and Christ Is Made of"of Jesus Church of LatterDay Saints.

Stakes and Wards can Richard L. Evans

to 1 00% profit. make up

this Adopt proved and These many years on the air turn our thoughts moneyraising popular method now. Mail coutoday to time. Millions who were listening when

pon for full particulars. THE this broadcast first began have since left this life.

SPOKEN to school, since Millions have gone been born—have B Messenger HistoriWORD 1 calArtCalendarhas at families of their war, served have own, have and

/ briefscriptural mesis long. of the of the weight world. History a share are carrying

for LatterDay sage eternity of time is long—endlessly and long—but great sweep Saints for each day The

of the year together the mortal life of each of us isn't. And whether we live short lives,

/ with 13 appropriate or long, the years move swiftly—from the freer years of youth,

art / reproductions

/ in natural color. through the periods of preparation, to a period of performancefull,

! Also historical data, then on to the real and glorious opportunities of eternity. And

etc. The Beatitudes on no matter how old the aged seem to youth, and no matter how

the cover in back are the the those to seem and young old, the young beauyoung who lettertiful English Old 1 all."apart, old are event so far not happeneth "one and to them ing with colored border

—suitable for framing. And now a moment about the man who says "Can I have a minute of

PRICES: Single copy 45c; 3 copies $1.25; your time?"Usually, he doesn't really mean a minute, and the minute

12 copies $4.50; 25 copies $7.75; he asks for is often multiplied. We could give him money—and

50 copies $15.00. maybe make more. We could give him goods—and manufacture

Write today for better prices on larger more. But as to time—it "is the [very] stuff life is made of"2—and

quantities and for proven sales plan. in a very real sense we are responsible for the time we take from

for ask a from others. and our when a man own lives we And % *-H fV*r- trivia, his for time or do more—do moment—or much we take we Francis Procter

2636 S. 18th East, Salt Lake City, Utah add richness and meaning and understanding to his life? Would

Please send at once.Messenger Historical we take his time for what would tempt him, for what would burden

Art Calendars for 1958. or enslave him, for what would fill his heart with regret, or his

is remittance of $. Enclosed for unpleasant with memories? mind what would build him Or

information send free Please on Ward and up, to health In and peace and and progress? and happiness add plan. sales Stake

a very real sense we are responsible for what we take time for, our

Name. own and others. In a very real sense we are responsible for the

Address ideas and impressions we let loose. For this reason we are deeply

responsibility trust of the sacred entering other today of aware and lives hearts for Citv State. men's whatsoever, and homes and any means by

we have—all of us—a responsibility for the time we take, for the

TWO PROVEN MISSIONARY influence we have, for our total effect on others.

AIDS "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, September 8, 1957, Copyright, 1957.

THE A.B.C. OF MORMONISM

See page 883 for references.

THE MORMON MISSIONARY'S MESSAGE J. Parker NOVEMBER BIRTHDAY Written by Aubrey

Preacher) Methodist (Converted by Jane Merchant

Hard Backs Pocket Popular Size—

Sent To Anywhere You—Postpaid We who are born to love the bleak For Dollar EACH One

Apply to—Endurances of earth and sky

ELDER AUBREY J. PARKER Grown gray and bare, and who must seek

616 West on Carrillo Always the undiscovered, shy

Santa Barbara, California Beauty of leafless days, so meek

That April people pass it by—

delight have our own sedate OFFER... We WE

tapestries of rain, In silver A COMPLETE

ENGRAVING SERVICE Our own deep comfort in the sight

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest Of brown fields resting, and we gain

Catalogues. Strength from an oak tree's lonely might;

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention The sturdy things that will remain.

UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

231 Edison St. Salt Lake City, Utah

878 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Here's a doit-yourself for your home...

The hardsurface laminate that comes in rolls

No waste—Buy only what you

need. flexible easy to apply

Yes, anyone can apply Conolite to a variety of wood and other surfaces. No expensive or involved instructions required. Just score, break and bond. It's as easy

as it sounds. Conolite is designed to allow the surface

to "breathe". This prevents buckling or warping of

the under surface and increases the life of your

Conolite installation. Conolite is fun to use! It's the

perfect easyto-clean dentproof topping for all tables, counters, sinks, bars, windowsills, wall panels, shelves,

Table Tops—the possibilities are unlimited. Conolite is long-.;, Conolite is fullyresistant wearing... defies scratching, chipping, marring,

;.'. to alcohol, fruit acids, stands up to acids, greases, and temperatures up to

jg boiling water and house350 degrees F! And it comes in a roll for seamfree hold chemicals.

application and extra economy... adds beauty to

Walls everything it touches!

Conolite is a "Natural"for walls... adds beauty and

charm to any room...

AND it's ECONOMICAL! See your local lumber dealer—

Write for FREE Booklet on home improvements with CONOLITE. MORRISONMERRILL

Name., Address Zone &CO.

Building Material Distributors ii..i i——State.- ii,—. City "ii i i.—

NOVEMBER 1957 879 MESSAGE

by Grace Barker Wilson

A breeze came down from the mounWINTER QUARTER Andtainbroughttoday a faint odor of pines

Both Day and Night School Heavy with snow.

CLASSES START MONDAY, JANUARY 6

A clean little breeze, Wide variety of classes, aggressive, in- L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

ity Main, Salt Lake C North Utah instruction, office 70dividualized modern information send Winter Please on Quo rter. With no sand in its breath professional the latestequipment and

methods... all at L.D.5. Business College.

Address Brought me a message from the farState.. City MaiB Coupon Today away hills.

They remember, And I remember, Business CoCCcg LDS And I would go back;

70 NORTH MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY PHONE EM 3-2765

My heart goes back to the hills,

But my feet are fast

In the sands of the desert. WANT EXTRA COPIES SKINIf you are PROBLEMS?troubled with rough, dry,

OF THIS ERA? scalingcent withor itchingskin troublesskin orandare havean adolesgiven

up in despair, thinking no product would "relieve or heal your skin, then you owe

This issue is perhaps one of it to yourself to try H & M OINTMENT. The Raising of Lazarus

the finest and most usable issues Your druggist has this marvelous healing of the Era ever published. ointment and will gladly refund your

money if you are not pleased with results. It is pleasant to use, odorless and reproductions remarkable (Continued) The child, a little he

of the History skincolor. shall Cody Church not enter therein."Jesus And

Murals make it a real collectook the little ones unto him, put tor's item."his hands upon them, and gave them

is a blessing. This one of the sweetarticle, accompanying The SATISFY. ABSOLUTELY TO GUARANTEED est and touching most events in the

of Saga "The Mormonism,"order Get it atHyour drug*Mstore, or ministry of from whole Savior. the

it interesting for doubly makes

As Jesus going was friends, on his way, a & LABORATORIES relatives, and acquaint- H 151 EASTM 2ND NORTH, NEPHI, UTAH rich ruler young ances. running, came

1 oz.—$1.25 2 oz.—$2.00 kneeled before him, and asked,

Extra copies are available at POSTPAID "Good Master, what shall I do that only 40c each. Use the coupon I may inherit eternal life?"Jesus

below: reminded him that he knew the commandments, that he should not comTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA

North 50 Main St. motw&e mit adultery, should not kill, steal,

Salt City Lake 16, Utah false witness, bear defraud, that and k FOLDING Please send should father his honor his copies'$ of the Nov. and each. at 40c issue 1957

enclosed. BANQUET hemother.

Name TABLES "Master, all these have I observed

Address from my youth,"he answered.

City State "One thing thou lackest:"Jesus

told him, "go thy way, sell whatsoever thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shall have treasure in

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS heaven: and come and take up the

cross, and follow me."

TRUCKS in treatmentAids simple of Canker, storingMONROE and For the the young man heard When the Chairstruck Each W3yTablessore throat minor and other mouth chairs. modernFoldingtables easy,either handles Savior's answer, turned Construcstorage he permits went tion of and No. TSCor MStorage Transport irritations. throatand in limited Truckspace.

Truck No. TS grieving. or not he Whether

sizes 54 Catalog showing for Discounts and away and Write types of MONROE Folding Tables, and Trucks. Also ever followed the advice of the Lord,

popular line of Folding Chairs. HALLS REMEDY Salt Lake CityUtah the Won*oe. COMPANY

249 CHURCH STREET. COLFAX.

880 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA we do not know, but the Lord used judging the twelve tribes of Israel."Still his disciples did not fully unthe occasion to teach a great lesson What a great promise for the faithderstand the meaning of his words.

to his disciples. "Verily I say unto ful apostles of the Lord! He conWe will remember that James and

you,"he told them, "That a rich man tinued, "And every one that hath John were among the favored disshall hardly enter into the kingdom forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisciples, for they were with Jesus when of heaven. ters, or father, or mother, or wife, he had experiences that were denied

"And again I say unto you, It is or children, or lands, for my name's other members of the twelve. On

easier for a camel to go through the sake, shall receive an hundredfold, one occasion the mother of James eye of a needle, than for a rich man and shall inherit everlasting life."and John came unto Jesus asking a

to enter into the kingdom of God."Here he is extending the promise of favor. When the Lord asked what

The disciples knew his meaning. The life eternal to all of us who are her desire was, she said, "Grant that

main gates to the cities were closed faithful in carrying out the comthese my two sons may sit, the one at night as a protection from inmandments of our Father in heaven. on the right hand, and the other on

vaders. After the closing hour Following this event, the Savior the left, in thy kingdom."Jesus told

merchants and travelers entering the related the parable of the laborers in her that this was not his favor to give city had to do so through small openthe vineyard and reminded his lis- "but it shall be given to them for ings in the larger gates. For camels teners as he had before, that "the last whom it is prepared of my Father."

to get through, the packs which they shall be first, and the first last: for When the other disciples heard of

carried had to be removed. In addimany be called, but few chosen."the request, they 'were critical of

tion, they often had to get down on As they proceeded on their way James and John, but Jesus told them, their knees to get through the small toward the Holy City, Jesus took his "whosoever will be great among openings. Here is a great example, twelve disciples aside. "Behold,"he you, shall be your minister:

indicating that if a rich man is to told them, "we go up to Jerusalem; "And whosoever of you will be

enter the kingdom of God, he must and the Son of man shall be betrayed the chiefest, shall be servant of all.

humble himself. unto the chief priests and unto the "For even the Son of man came

"Behold, we have forsaken all, and scribes, and they shall condemn him not to be ministered unto, but to followed thee;"Peter said, "what to death, minister, and to give his life a ranshall we have therefore?"Jesus an- "And shall deliver him to the som for many."

swered, "... when the Son of man Gentiles to mock, and to scourge,

shall sit in the throne of his glory, and to crucify him: and the third Next Month: Jesus Returns to

ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones, day he shall rise again."Jerusalem

SA VE $35.35 NOW at STANDARD OPTICAL

Bell & Howell MOVIE OUTFIT Home movies are something the whole family will enjoy... so, take advantage of this offer now!

You get camera, projector, screen,ecu, gadgetyuuyci uuybag andunu film for less than usual cost of camera and projector. $145.25 value... FOR ONLY $109.90

PAY NOTHING DOWN... ONLY $1.50 A WEEK!

FOR MAIL ORDERS send in name, wife's name, address, employer's name and $10 deposit.

273 So. Main, 155 So. Main, 2190 Highland Drive in Salt Lake City

Other Camera Departments in Ogden, Provo and Idaho Falls

NOVEMBER 1957 881 Your Question For a truly modern home that (Concluded) In the fifth chapter will stay modern for years... ofthe Genesiskeys ofthe theauthoritiespriesthoodwho fromheld

Adam to Noah are named, but to

Noah was given additional authority.

The Prophet Joseph Smith said of of him—"The Priesthood was first given to

Adam; he obtained the First Presidency, and held the keys of it from

generation to generation. He obtained it in the Creation, before the

world was formed, as in Genesis 1:26,27,28. He had dominion given

him over every living creature. He

is Michael the Archangel, spoken of in the Scriptures. Then to Noah,

who is Gabriel; he stands next in

authority to Adam in the Priesthood;

he was called of God to his office, and was the father of all living in this day, and to him was given the doBuild w if SmartSHADOWAL.new WALL PATTERNS, including minion.on earth, Theseand thenmen inheldheaven."keys first

if Eyeappealing COLORS and TEXTURES. After the flood Abraham received

+ FIRESAFETY for family - PROTECTION, plus the keys of the priesthood from BUEHNER LOWER INSURANCE COSTS. Melchizedek, and evidently conand ECONOMY. them after to Jacob. What happened BLOCK if Builtin INSULATION for added COMFORT ferred them upon Isaac, who gave

ABSORBING exposed block interior the death is not clearly of Joseph if SOUND walls for QUIETER living. stated, but there came a descent

if DURABILITY that keeps your home new lookfrom Esaias, who lived in the days ing longer—with less upkeep. of Abraham, to Jethro, priest of

You get all these "builtin benefits"—at no extra Midian and a descendant of Abracost. to ham, Moses. After Moses was

too, topquality, other about Buehn'er's Ask, taken, the Melchizedek Priesthood materials, building including Lupton and Capitol aluminum windows, Morrison "Rply"overwas also taken from Israel until the head garage doors, Steelrraft door frames and coming of our Savior, when it was doors. close! sliding restored. Lvnart sliding glass doors, again in The prophets

walls. urea and Britelite Israel held Priestthe Melchizedek

hood after Moses was taken, but each received his authority and keys by special ordination. 7

The keys of the priesthood were BUEHN LOCK given to Peter, James, and John at the time of the transfiguration on the

BUEHNER BLOCK CO. 2800 So. West Temple Salt Lake City, Utah mount, but the apostleship was conferred upon them by Jesus Christ

when he called them to the ministry, with the other members of the twelve. Peter, James, and John gave

Reminds you of fresh country cream Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery the Melchizedek Priesthood, but in..that good Morning Milk thecamerestorationnecessary forof theall prophetsthings it whobeheld the keys of dispensations in the

Extra rich in flavor... extra smooth in texture. past to come to Joseph Smith and

Keeps sweet and delicious indefinitely in the Oliver Cowdery and restore their keys and authorities that all things unopened can. Guarantees superior cooking

could be perfected in the great results. restoration preparatory to the coming of Jesus Christ.

So rich it whips easily when chilled See page 883 for footnotes.

882 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A Great New "ERA'in a big way r T jfc jflj This is the SAFETY November should OF SAVINGS YOUR be your %-,jj| H

Is important most concern. the slightly Era 'be higher earnHf w-:;:]- ginning a ing rate offered by institutions savings some worth

great new the risk?

year. You'll

want to reLike Junior here, we too, go for protection in ceive every v, a big way. Save at Deseret Federal, where

issue, so be sure that your subscripyour savings are GUARANTEED SAFE—

tion is good. insured to $10,000 by the Federal Savings

This November Era features the JpF and Loan Insurance Corporation, and further

Cody Church History Mural, and secured by our own reserves in excess of the accompanying article "The Saga $1,000,000.

of Mormonism."The issue tells the

story of the Church in words and The 3'/2% we pay is the highest rate on insured pictures. (The fullcolor cover ilsavings in the state. You receive profitable earnlustration of Joseph Smith receiving ings without sacrificing safety.

of the plates Book is from Mormon

In addition, you'll enjoy the Red Carpet Welcome is feel Mural.) that a the Cody We

receive at you friendly Deseret Federal, with a 51 fine missionary to aid to sent be friends and also to be brought to year record of progressive, dependable service.

the various classes of the auxiliaries of the Church.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS SAVE BY MAIL 778 Press United Telephoto o 788.-- Dcseret Neivs

794, 796 Lillian Photo GET FREE SAVECOMPOUNDED 802... Gittins Alvin

806, 811 Three Lions BYMAIL ENVELOPES 808 Photo Religious News Service SEMIANNUALLY 814 Ed Maryon 816, 817, 818 Kilhonrnc Dale (also WITH INSURED Studio 820 Hal Rumel adaptation for cover) 837 Photo ZCMI Reflex SAFETY 838, 840 Lindorff Jeanne 841 Union Pacific Photo 842, 843 Ronald Croshv 769, 778, 813, 860, 884 -John Davenport 4 color insert Edward T. GrigwareFOOTNOTES AND REFERENCES DESERET FEDERAL

ARTICLES:FOR

These Times SAVINGS & LOAN ASSOCIATION

Soviet 'The censured Union resolution was by a OFFICE: OFFICE: HOME BRANCH their "condemning"action while in Hungary

South issue of N. University in press. this 44 Ave. the Era was Main faj 160

Your Question Salt Lake City Provo, Utah

Gospel Doctrine, Chapter 9, 1956, p. 136.

2Acts 3:21. Ephesians 1:10. Jos. E. Kjar, President—Clarence Tingey, VicePresident

3D & C 128:1921.

1DHC Vol. 4:207208; also Joseph Fielding

Smith, Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, pp.ED167168.& C 78:1516.

aTeachings, p. 157.

nbid., 180181. pp. SALT LAKE'S NEWEST HOTEL

Raising Lazarus ofThe Scriptural references for the Raising of Lazarus, page 807, are from Matthew 19, 20; Mark 10;

Luke 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18; and John 10, 11.

The Spoken Word Safeguarding the Irreplaceably Precious 'Author unknown.

2Cicero, On Friendship.

What Is a Gentleman?

'Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet.

Robert Louis Stevenson, The American Emigrant.

Sayings sThe of Confucius: iv:16; viii:6; FREE PARKINGxiv:45; xvi:24; xvi:10.

'Emerson, "Ruskin, ModemManners.Painters. in the NEW 6Cicero, On Friendship. PARKING TERRACE

StuffTime-"The Life Is of"Made in to eat place stay and The 'Ecclesiastes 2:14.

Salt City. downtown Lake CofFranklin, -Benjamin to Wealth. The Way

fee Shop and Dining Room, special rooms for banquets, business luncheons and wedding breakfasts.

NOVEMBER 1957 883 From the Era, Volume One (189798)The Last Word

THE POET BURNS was standing one day upon his hand into his pocket, and generously presented the quay at Greenock, when a wealthy merchant bethe sailor with a shilling [1957 valuation about longing to the town had the misfortune to fall into fourteen cents]. The crowd, which had by this time

the harbor. He was no swimmer, and his death would collected, loudly protested against the contemptible

have been inevitable, had not a sailor, who was passing insignificance of the reward; but Burns, with a smile

at the time, plunged in, and at the risk of his own life, of ineffable scorn, entreated them to restrain their rescued him from his dangerous situation. The clamor; "for,"said he, "the gentleman has surely the

Greenock man, upon recovering from his fright, put best idea of the value of his own life."

is "it if said Bridget,"remarked, she you "Do know girl an excellent had in her employ who A LADY in hot, face water, every soapy day your you wash in face fault—her always onehad washneed of was

it it will "Will beautiful?"answered you now?"make

ing. tried to to Blank her Mrs. get face her wash

it's it "sure Bridget; the tried a wily never ye wonder

without offending her, and at last resorted to strategy. yourself, ma'am!"

A SCHOOLBOY was the Prophet Joseph Smith is said to have made at a asked to explain the formadinner party at Springfield, Illinois, on one occasion.

tion of dew. His answer Quite a number of members of state legislature, and

was, "The earth revolves prominent jurists of the state were present. Many

on its axis every twentyquestions were asked the prophet, some for informafour hours, and, in consetion and some with a view to puzzle him. Finally

quence of the tremendous someone asked him what caused the ebb and flow pace at which it travels, it of the ocean tides. "The earth breathes,"was the

perspires freely."This requick response, "and the alternate expansion and

minds us of the ready reply contraction of her surface occasions the tides."

THREE DIFFERENT waiters at a hotel asked a prim, precise little man at dinner if he would have soup. A little annoyed, he said to the last waiter

who asked the question, "Is it compulsory?""No,

sir,"said the waiter, "I think it's mock turtle."

IT IS A VERY CRUDE and mistaken classification be practical in any effective way without much which separates men into thinkers on the one hand thought, and for want of it many excellent enterprises and practical men of action on the other. No one can break down and come to naught.

884 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Dramatically Danish...

the danske group* is contoured for comfort with clean, uncluttered lines..

delightfully elegant from a practical, modern point of view

*KJERJAKOBSEN DESIGN/PATS. PEND.

Sculptured metal dining furniture by

VIRTUE BROS. MFG. CO., LOS Angeles 45, California Available at leading furniture and department stores across the nation

"QOVERNMENT IS FORCE AND SHOULD BE WATCHED LIKE FIRE"—George Washington

HAPPY FAMILIES PRAY TOGETHER

the to People of To recommend Thanksgiving is the traditional day for counting our blessings, both a United States of PubDay the material and spiritual. lic Thanksgiving and Prayer, to

be observed by acknowledging There is no standard for measuring the values of a faith that can with grateful Hearts the many withstand adversity, of the strength and vigor to face up to our problems Signal Favours of Almighty and solve them, of the love that binds families together. themGod, anespeciallyopportunityby peacefullyaffording

to establish a Form of GovernSimilarly, no dollarand-cents value can be placed on the peace of ment for their Safety and mind that can be yours if you have planned wisely and well for your Happiness.

family's financial future. If you haven't yet heard how Planned Futures—(Signed) G. Washington

First Presidential Fromcan better your future, call your Beneficial Life agent, or write to the Thanksgiving Proclamaaddress below. No obligation, of course. tion.

BENEFICIAL LIFE fMuianee

David O. McKay, Pres Salt Lake City, Utah